Edgar Howard Schwager (December 3, 1909 – April 25, 1992) was an American football player and coach and college athletics administrator. They were a star athlete at Whitewater State Teachers College, competing in basketball, football, and track and field. They led the basketball team in scoring three years in a row and was captain of Whitewater's 1929–30 basketball team. They were the head coach for the Whitewater football team in 1942 and from 1946 to 1955. They also served as the school's basketball coach from 1942 to 1944 and 1946 to 1948, baseball coach from 1955 to 1959, track coach from 1946 to 1953, and athletic director from 1942 to 1971. Prior to 1942, they had been a coach at Dodgeville and Oconomowoc High Schools. They served in the United States Navy during World War II. They died in 1992 and was buried at the Hillside Cemetery in Whitewater, Wisconsin. They were posthumously inducted into the Wisconsin Intercollegiate Athletic Conference Hall of Fame in 2015.
Head coaching record
Football
References
External links
1909 births
1992 deaths
Wisconsin–Whitewater Warhawks athletic directors
Wisconsin–Whitewater Warhawks baseball coaches
Wisconsin–Whitewater Warhawks football coaches
Wisconsin–Whitewater Warhawks football players
Wisconsin–Whitewater Warhawks men's basketball coaches
College men's track and field athletes in the United States
College track and field coaches in the United States
United States Navy personnel of World War II
The men's 800 metres event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held in Mauritius.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Qualification: First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 6 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
Qualification: First 3 of each semifinal (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
800 metres at the African Championships in Athletics
The World Association for Waterborne Transport Infrastructure (PIANC) is an international professional organisation founded in 1885.
PIANC's mission today is to provide expert guidance and technical advice on technical, economic and environmental issues pertaining to waterborne transport infrastructure, including the fields of navigable bodies of water (waterways), such as canals and rivers, as well as ports and marinas.
It is headquartered in Brussels in offices provided by the Flemish government of Belgium. Its earlier names were the (AIPCN) until 1921, then as the Permanent International Association of Navigation Congresses (PIANC). It is additionally known as the International Navigation Association ().
History
On 25 May 1885, the first Inland Navigation Congress was held in Brussels, providing a forum for an international debate on these questions. After some years, the Inland Navigation Congress merged with the Ocean Navigation Congress and the International Navigation Congress was born. During the Congress in Paris, 1900, a Permanent International Commission for the Navigation Congresses was set up. Two years later statutes were adopted and PIANC was a born. Congresses are held every four years and are spread all over the world.
In 1926 it was decided to release a Bulletin every half year to promote the contact between members. The Bulletin still exists, but now in the form of an electronic Magazine.
In 1979 it was decided to establish permanent Technical Commissions and that Working Groups will be established under the umbrella of the Technical Commissions to study specific topics. The first Working Group report was issued in 1983 and over 100 others followed suit ().
PIANC changed considerably over the years, from an Association organising a Congress every four years, to an Association setting technical guidelines and publishing high ranking reports.
Organization
The association is composed of qualifying members, subscribing members and Honorary Members, who can be both legal and natural persons. The qualifying members of the association, having the right to vote in the general assembly, are:
National governments;
Regional governments of a national state;
National sections or national bodies from countries of which the governments are not (any more) a qualifying member; these national sections or national bodies shall obtain the same rights and duties as governmental members after approval of their membership by the Annual General Assembly (AGA);
intergovernmental organisations
PIANC operates with a President, a General Secretary and Vice-Presidents representing the main areas of the world. The main decision-making body is the General Assembly.
Membership is managed by National Sections and the PIANC Headquarters.
World Congress
PIANC organizes the World Congress every four years in different areas of the world.
Other periodic main events are:
- SMART Rivers, focused on inland navigation infrastructure,
- COPEDEC congresses, that are held in countries in transition,
- Mediterranean Days of Coastal and Port Engineering, focused on the Mediterranean area.
Commissions
The core business of PIANC are the Working Group Reports. Working Groups are composed of international experts that are tasked to prepare technical reports and guidelines in the fields of the waterborne navigation infrastructure design, construction and management. The Working Groups are created and managed by four technical commissions:
Inland Navigation Commission (InCom)
Environmental Commission (EnviCom)
Maritime Navigation Commission (MarCom)
Recreational Navigation Commission (RecCom)
The other PIANC commissions are:
International Cooperation Commission (CoCom)
Finance Commission (FinCom)
Promotion Commission (ProCom)
Young Professionals Commission (YPCom)
Overall supervision of all Commissions is provided by the Executive Committee (ExCom).
The Commissions and ExCom are also involved in the organization of congresses and events at an international level, the recognition of awards to the excellences in the fields of interest.
Inland
The Inland Navigation Commission (InCom) is in charge of the activities of PIANC in the field of inland waterways in co-operation with MarCom, ReCom and EnviCom. InCom will network with other international organisations/commissions to reach PIANC's strategic goals.
Chairperson: (...-current) Mr Philippe Rigo (BE)
Environmental
The Environmental Commission (EnviCom) is responsible for dealing with broad and very specific environmental issues of interest to PIANC and representing PIANC in the international organisations dealing with these issues such as the London Convention, OSPAR, WODA and the EU. It is further recognised that the site-specific environmental impacts of inland navigation or maritime activities are partnered and/or dealt with respectively by InCom and MarCom. Furthermore, EnviCom is responsible for broad and generic environmental issues that cross-cut all PIANC areas. EnviCom is networking with other navigation related interests and has communications with non-traditional groups dealing with environmental affairs and training needs. The Commission also initiates efforts to enhance PIANC membership with environmental specialists.
Chairperson: (2017–present) Mr Todd Bridges (US)
Maritime
The Maritime Navigation Commission (MarCom) is responsible for dealing with maritime ports and seaways issues of interest to PIANC. MarCom co-operates with other Commissions when issues can be seen to have a broader perspective, for example when they also have an environmental or inland impact. MarCom also co-operates and communicates with other international organisations such as IMO, IAPH, WODA, etc.
Chairperson: (...-present) Mr Francisco Esteban Lefler (ES)
Recreational Navigation
The Recreational Navigation Commission (RecCom) has been established to deal with aspects directly related to sport and recreational navigation, to develop aids for this kind of navigation and facilitate its integration among the other types of navigation (commercial and fishing). RecCom works closely together with other organisations such as the International Council of Marine Industry Associations (ICOMIA).
RecCom is composed by experts coming from all the continents and manages working groups that develop the technical reports and guidelines. The Commission is responsible for the PIANC Marina Excellence Design "Jack Nichol" Award. The Commission started also the PIANC Marina Designer Training Program (MDTP), with the aim of organizing specific courses for marina design.
Chairperson: (2017–present) Mr Esteban L. Biondi (AR) - (2009-2017) Mr Elio Ciralli (IT) - (2005-2009) Mr Marcello Conti (IT) - (1994-2005) Mr Caes Van der Wildt (NL) - (1982-1994) Mr P. Hofmann Frisch (DE).
Awards
PIANC established and manage, through the Technical Commissions, the following international awards:
PIANC De Paepe-Willems Award
PIANC Marina Excellence Design "Jack Nichol" Award (MEDA)
PIANC YP Award
PIANC Working with Nature Award
The different PIANC awards have specific rules and regulations.
References
External links
Water transport organizations
International organisations based in Belgium
Maritime organizations
1885 establishments in Belgium
Adverse effects by incidence of trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole
Common (>1% frequency)
Fever
Nausea
Vomiting
Diarrhea
Weight loss
Rash
Muscle aches
Joint pain
Itch
Sore mouth
Hyperkalaemia (high blood potassium)
Thrombocytopenia (low number of platelets in the blood)
Infrequently (0.1–1.0% frequency)
Headache
Jaundice
Elevated liver transaminases
Peripheral neuritis
Drowsiness
Constipation
Photosensitivity (light sensitivity)
Blood dyscrasias (e.g. neutropaenia)
Rare (<0.1% frequency)
Megaloblastic anaemia
Methaemoglobinaemia
Erythema multiforme
Low blood sugar
Hepatitis (liver swelling)
Crystalluria (crystals in the urine)
Urinary obstruction causing difficulty passing urine
Lowered mental acuity
Depression
Tremor
Aplastic anaemia
Haemolytic anaemia
Hyponatraemia
Purpura
Eosinophilia
Agranulocytosis
Serum sickness
Anaphylaxis
Allergic myocarditis
Angioedema
Drug fever
Periarteritis nodosa
Hepatic necrosis
Pancreatitis
Myelosuppression
Haemolysis
Stevens–Johnson syndrome
Toxic epidermal necrolysis
Ataxia
Clostridium difficile colitis
Aseptic meningitis
Pseudomembranous colitis
Interstitial nephritis
Fulminant hepatic necrosis
Hypersensitivity of the respiratory tract
Sore throat
Pallor
Arthralgia
Unknown frequency
Hallucinations
Cough
Glossitis
Stomatitis
Fatigue
Insomnia
Impaired kidney function
Pulmonary infiltration
Shortness of breath
Notes
References
Medication side effects
Michael Close (born 30 July 1994) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).
AFL career
From Harrow, Victoria, Close was drafted by Brisbane at Pick 32 in the 2012 AFL National Draft. made their AFL debut for Brisbane in the Round 1 match against Hawthorn in the 2014 AFL season. In October 2017, Close was delisted by Brisbane.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Brisbane Lions players
Greater Western Victoria Rebels players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Jill Techel is an American politician currently serving as the mayor of Napa, California.
Biography
Techel was born in Grand Forks, North Dakota. Techel attended University of North Dakota and graduated in 1969. Traveling west, they originally settled in Salem, Oregon, where they started working as a field director training administrator in the Santiam Girl Scout Council. After moving to Napa, in 1971, they continued their work in the Girl Scouts and assumed the same position in the Napa-Solano Girl Scout Council. They later retired from the Girl Scouts, but continued to participate in community events and discussions.
Techel is divorced. They have two grown children, Eric and Kristen, and four grandchildren.
Political career
Starting in the 1970s, Techel has served on numerous boards, commissions, and committees, including the Napa Valley Unified School District.
After the death of Mayor Ed Solomon in a truck accident, Techel was appointed to fill the vacancy. Techel successfully ran for a full term as Mayor of Napa in 2005. They were then elected for a second term, unopposed, in 2008, a third term in 2012, and a fourth term in 2016.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of North Dakota alumni
Politicians from Grand Forks, North Dakota
California Democrats
People from Napa, California
Mayors of places in California
Women mayors of places in California
21st-century American women
Jan Pieterszoon Saenredam (1565 – 6 April 1607) was a Dutch Northern Mannerist painter, printmaker in engraving, and cartographer, and father of the painter of church interiors, Pieter Jansz Saenredam.  They are noted for the many allegorical images they created from classical mythology and the Bible.
Biography
Saenredam was born in Zaandam. As an orphan Jan lived with their uncle, Pieter de Jongh, a bailiff in Assendelft who first sent them to learn basket weaving as a profession. Being an apt student, they were taught reading and writing, but astonished their teachers when they proved already so accomplished in this that they decorated their texts with curled decorations. An example of their penmanship could once be seen on display at Assum House near Heemskerk (residence of the Lord of Assendelft), which was their copywork of the ten commandments. Despite a decision that they follow a career in a trade or farming, they showed such artistic talent that they started as an apprentice cartographer. Their first map is dated 1589 and is of the province of Holland, which could be seen in the city book of Guiccardijn (referring to a 1593 work by Lodovico Guicciardini called The Description of the Low Countries). They were visited by a lawyer called Spoorwater tot Assendelft, who convinced their guardian to let them apply their gift, and thus young Saenredam was sent to learn to draw from Hendrick Goltzius in Haarlem, where they became a master at the age of 24 (in 1589).
After working for some time with Goltzius, they encountered the almost inevitable professional rivalry and jealousy, prompting their departure to work in Amsterdam for two years. They then returned to Assendelft where they married and set up their own workshop. Their first engraving was of the 12 apostles after a drawing by Karel van Mander. They produced prints after Goltzius, Abraham Bloemaert, Cornelis van Haarlem, Polidoro da Caravaggio, and their own invention. They made over 170 plates of which the last one was a history of Diana and Callisto by Paulus Moreelse in 1606. Two plates they were working on, after drawings by Bartholomeus Spranger and Willem Thibaut, were finished later by Jacob Matham.
According to the Rijksmuseum, they returned in 1595 from Amsterdam to Assendelft, where they married Anna Pauwelsdochter. Jan left their wife a sizeable estate as a result of lucrative investments in the Dutch East India Company. They died of typhus on April 6, 1607, and was buried in the choir of the Saint Adolphus church at Assendelft, with the gravestone inscription Ioannis Saenredam Sculptoris celeberrimi. They died in Assendelft, aged about 41.
References
External links
Spaightwood Galleries
1565 births
1607 deaths
Dutch engravers
People from Zaanstad
Renaissance engravers
Escape from Evil is the third studio album by Baltimore indie rock band Lower Dens. It was released in March 2015 under Domino Recording Company's Ribbon Music label. It was produced by the band's lead singer Jana Hunter and Chris Coady.
Critical reception
Stephen Carlick of Exclaim! called the record "the closest thing to pop music they've made yet", praising their push into new sonic territory as "the mark of any great band."
Track listing
Personnel
Jana Hunter – vocals, producer
Nate Nelson – drums
Geoff Graham – bass
Walker Teret – guitar, additional producing (track 1)
Chris Coady – producer, mixing
John Congleton – additional producing (tracks 1, 6), additional recording
Ariel Rechtshaid – additional producing (track 2)
Sarah Register – mixing
Chris Freeland – recording
Bo Hill – engineer
David Tolomei – engineer
Hermonie Williams – cover, artwork
References
2015 albums
Lower Dens albums
Albums produced by Chris Coady
Experimental pop albums
Löbenicht Church () was a Protestant church in the Löbenicht quarter of Königsberg, Germany.
History
Originally a Roman Catholic church known as "St. Barbara auf dem Berge", the church was built from 1334 to 1352 and then expanded in 1474. The top of its steeple was destroyed in a storm in 1497 and was rebuilt with four turrets. It was converted to Lutheranism after the 1525 establishment of the Duchy of Prussia. In 1608 Pastor Christoph Mirau wrote their Lobspruch der Stadt Königsberg.
After a lightning strike destroyed the church's steeple in 1695, it was rebuilt in 1702 with a gallery and four turrets. Seven people died after the church's vault collapsed in 1717. The church was destroyed during the great fire of Löbenicht on 11 November 1764; the steeple fell upon Löbenicht's school, setting it ablaze. Johann Ernst Löckel led the church's reconstruction, which was completed in 1776. In 1818 a storm damaged the flag and adornment atop the bell tower.
The church was decorated with bright colors in the Rococo style. Its combined pulpit/altar (Kanzelaltar) was carved by Friedrich Suhse in 1776. The organ was built by Johann Preuss (1722–90) in 1782 and was decorated with Rococo carvings, music-playing angels, and the crowned Prussian eagle.
The church was heavily damaged by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and was not rebuilt by the Soviet Union after the 1945 Battle of Königsberg. Pastor Link managed to bring a 1681 silver book cover from the church's collection with them to Hamburg in 1948. The church's remnants were demolished by the Soviet administration in Kaliningrad, Russia, in 1970.
Gallery
References
Churches completed in 1352
1334 establishments in Europe
1944 disestablishments in Germany
14th-century churches in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
Christian organizations established in the 14th century
Destroyed churches
Former churches in Königsberg
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
Lutheran churches converted from Roman Catholicism
Rococo architecture in Germany
Elizabeth "Liz" Doody Gorman is a Republican member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners from 2002 until their resignation in 2015 to accept a job in the private sector. Gorman served as Chairman of the Cook County Republican Party from 2007 to 2008, and was the Orland Township Republican Committeeman, until they were defeated in a landslide by Cindy Katsenes in 2022.
Gorman is the owner of Gorman Insurance Group.
Early life
Gorman is a graduate of Mother McAuley High School and Saint Mary's University of Minnesota where they received their B.A. in marketing. Gorman graduated from the University of Notre Dame Executive MBA program with a Master of Business Administration on May 18, 2008.
Cook County Commissioner
First elected in November 2002, re-elected in 2006 and 2010, on March 18, 2014, Gorman fought off a primary challenge, defeating their opponent by nearly 60% of the vote to advance to the General Election on November 7, 2014, where they were re-elected to their fourth term. When the new term began on December 1, 2014, Gorman was chosen as the Committee Chairperson of the Environmental Control Committee and Vice Chairperson of the Roads and Bridges Committee, Rules and Administration Committee and the Technology and Innovation Committee. Gorman is also the Chairman of the Suburban Caucus of the County board and a member of 10 additional committees: Audit; Criminal Justice; Business and Economic Development; Finance; Health and Hospitals, Homeland Security; Legislation; North Suburban METRA Nominating Committee; Northwest Suburban METRA Nominating Committee; Southwest Suburban METRA Nominating Committee and Zoning and Building.
During their time on the Cook County Board, Gorman opposed the "Hotel Occupancy Tax" and the "Food and Beverage Tax" in 2003, the 150% cigarette tax increase in 2004 and the additional 100% increase in 2006. They opposed the "Food and Beverage Tax" and the "Hotel Occupancy Tax" again in 2007, and they opposed the "Sanctuary County" resolution for illegal immigrants in 2007 and sponsored a repeal of the ordinance later that year and most recently they voted against Board President Todd Stroger's 2008 budget and opposed the increase in the Cook County sales tax.
During the 2008 Republican Party presidential primaries, Gorman ran to be a delegate to the 2008 Republican National Convention from Illinois's 13th congressional district for the presidential campaign of former Governor Mitt Romney.
On December 1, 2009 Commissioner Gorman successfully led the effort to roll back Cook County's sales tax increase and override County Board President Todd Stroger's veto, cutting the county sales tax from 1.75% to 1.25%.
Later career
On February 22, 2018, Gorman was appointed them as executive director of the Illinois State Toll Highway Authority. In 2021, they were appointed to the RTA board. Gorman challenged their successor and Republican incumbent Sean M. Morrison in the 2022 Republican primary for their former seat on the Cook County Board.She was defeated soundly, 57%-43%.
Family
Gorman is an Orland Park resident where they reside with their husband Gerald and three young sons, Conor, Liam and Shane.
External links
Liz Gorman's official website
References
Living people
Politicians from Cook County, Illinois
Members of the Cook County Board of Commissioners
Saint Mary's University of Minnesota alumni
University of Notre Dame alumni
Illinois Republicans
Women in Illinois politics
1965 births
People from Orland Park, Illinois
21st-century American women
The grey-and-white tyrannulet (Pseudelaenia leucospodia) is a species of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae. It is the only species placed in the genus Pseudelaenia. It is found in Ecuador and Peru, where natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
References
grey-and-white tyrannulet
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of Peru
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
grey-and-white tyrannulet
grey-and-white tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ahangaran (, also Romanized as Āhangarān) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 398, in 127 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Stojeszyn Pierwszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Stojeszyn Pierwszy
"Chester" is a patriotic anthem composed by William Billings and sung during the American Revolutionary War. Billings wrote the first version of the song for their 1770 songbook The New England Psalm Singer, and made improvements for the version in their The Singing Master's Assistant (1778). It is the latter version that is best known today.
The curious title of the song reflects a common practice of Billings's day, in which tunes were labeled with (often arbitrarily chosen) place names. Billings's song evidently has little more to do with any particular town named Chester than their famous hymn "Africa" has to do with Africa. The idea behind this practice was that by labeling the tunes independently, one could sing them to different words without creating confusion (indeed, this later did happen; see below).
Tune in version of 1778
Parts labeled "Treble, Counter, Tenor, and Bass" correspond to the modern SATB four-voice choir. However, the melody is in the tenor part, not the treble part.
Lyrics
Although this cannot be established with certainty, it appears that these lyrics are by Billings himself.
Let tyrants shake their iron rod,
And Slav'ry clank their galling chains,
We fear them not, we trust in God,
New England's God forever reigns.
Howe and Burgoyne and Clinton too,
With Prescot and Cornwallis join'd,
Together plot our Overthrow,
In one Infernal league combin'd.
When God inspir'd us for the fight,
Their ranks were broke, their lines were forc'd,
Their ships were Shatter'd in our sight,
Or swiftly driven from our Coast.
The Foe comes on with haughty Stride;
Our troops advance with martial noise,
Their Vet'rans flee before our Youth,
And Gen'rals yield to beardless Boys.
What grateful Off'ring shall we bring?
What shall we render to the Lord?
Loud Halleluiahs let us Sing,
And praise their name on ev'ry Chord.
Later uses
The song was later provided with religious (as opposed to patriotic) words by Philip Doddridge, and in this form is a favorite of Sacred Harp singers. The Doddridge words are as follows:
Let the high heav'ns your songs invite,
These spacious fields of brilliant light,
Where sun and moon and planets roll,
And stars that glow from pole to pole.
Sun, moon, and stars convey Thy praise,
'Round the whole earth and never stand,
So when Thy truth began its race,
It touched and glanced on ev'ry hand.
A slightly altered version of this text and the music by Billings was recorded in 1975 by the Old Stoughton Musical Society for their LP album, "An Appeal to Heaven".
The modern American composer William Schuman employed the tune of "Chester" in their New England Triptych (1956) and later expanded it into their Chester Overture.
Bernard Herrmann quoted the tune prominently in their score for the Colonial Williamsburg orientation film, Williamsburg: the Story of a Patriot.
An instrumental version of the song was used as background music for CBS's Bicentennial Minutes segments.
HBO's John Adams has a scene in episode 1 where a group of men sang this song out loud together.
Book
The Singing Master's Assistant, in which the final version of "Chester" was published, is in print today in a scholarly edition by Hans Nathan (University Press of Virginia, 1977, ).
The Stoughton Musical Society's Centennial Collection of Sacred Music, which contains a version with the later text and was published in Boston in 1878; reprint by DaCapo Press, 1980, with New Introduction by Roger L. Hall.
External links
Let Tyrants Shake Their Iron Rods at the Cyber Hymnal
Chester
American patriotic songs
1770 compositions
Songs of the American Revolutionary War
Hymn tunes
Compositions by William Billings
Keep Sweet: Pray and Obey is an American documentary miniseries on Netflix, surrounding the polygamous Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, an offshoot of mainstream Mormonism, and its current leader Warren S. Jeffs. The series was released on June 8, 2022, on Netflix. It is directed by Rachel Dretzin, who began interviewing survivors after visiting Short Creek, Utah, the headquarters of the FLDS Church.
Between June 5, 2022, and June 19, 2022, the docuseries was watched for 58.78 million hours on Netflix globally.
Etymology
The title of the series is derived from the motto "Keep Sweet, Pray, and Obey," coined by the preceding president Rulon Jeffs, and used to convey how women should behave in relation to their husband. According to a woman going by the name "Charlene", who was interviewed in the series, the mantra was frequently sung aloud, and meant "to be in control of your emotions and you didn't display things like anger or resentment or frustration." The latter part of the motto, "Pray and Obey" is shown to adorn the chimney of a house belonging to Warren Jeffs.
Premise
Several former FLDS members, or survivors, are interviewed by Dretzin on both their experiences inside the church, as well providing testimony to Jeffs' systematic coercion and exercises of power toward the members of the congregation. Rebecca Musser, a former wife of Rulon, appears in each of the episodes, as does their sister Elissa Wall. People outside of the church, either related to the events transpiring following the church's move from Salt Lake City to Short Creek, the move of headquarters from Short Creek to the Yearning for Zion Ranch, or for their previous work covering the FLDS, were also interviewed. These people include both the investigative journalist Mike Watkiss, who had previously done several reports on the church, private investigator Sam Brower, who has investigated the church for several years, and attorney Roger Hoole.
Production
According to Dretzin herself, the focus "[is] not only the experience of being in that cult", but instead "It's on the people, particularly the women who managed to defy it and escape it, which — if you know anything about the FLDS — is a pretty miraculous and incredible thing to do.” The series also featured background film with actors portraying both Jeffs and relatives of interviewees in all of the episodes.
Dretzin has also expressed interest in making a second season, albeit stating that the decision is ultimately up to Netflix.
References
2020s English-language films
2022 documentary films
American documentary films
Documentary films about pedophilia
Documentary films critical of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
English-language Netflix original films
Films about child sexual abuse
Het Goudblommeke in Papier ("The Paper Marigold") or La Fleur en Papier doré ("The Gilt-Paper Flower") is a historic café/brasserie established in 1944 at 55, rue des Alexiens/Cellebroersstraat in Brussels, Belgium.
The painter René Magritte, the novelist Louis Paul Boon, and the cartoonist Hergé were all at one time regulars. It was a meeting place for artists in the CoBrA movement, and in 1955 the writer Hugo Claus held their wedding reception there.
The café was registered as a protected monument in 1997. The building is owned by the Public Centre for Social Welfare of the city of Brussels, and partially sublet by AB InBev to the association that runs the café.
Since May 2011, the interior courtyard of the pub displays a comic strip fresco by the cartoonists De Marck and De Wulf (Stam et Pilou).
In January 2021 it was reported that the COVID-19 pandemic in Belgium had left the business's future precarious.
References
External links
1944 establishments in Belgium
Buildings and structures in Brussels
Protected heritage sites in Brussels
Dynoides crenulatus is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
crenulatus
Milwaukee Career College (MCC) is a private, for-profit technical school in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin.
History
Milwaukee Career College opened on December 1, 2002. Today, the school has Dental Assistant, Medical Assistant, Veterinarian Assistant and Veterinarian Technician programs. The MCC campus is disability-accessible and has laboratories, medical equipment and office machines for training; a simulated pharmacy; and a student study area and lounge.
Accreditation
MCC is accredited by the Accrediting Bureau of Health Education Schools (ABHES) and approved to do business in Wisconsin as a private school by the Wisconsin Educational Approval Board, subject to the provisions of the Wisconsin Statutes and all Wisconsin Administrative Codes adopted pursuant to the statutes of the State of Wisconsin.
References
External links
Official website
Universities and colleges in Milwaukee
Mohammad Atiar Rahman (born January 5, 1974) is a former Bangladeshi cricketer who played for Biman Bangladesh Airlines from 1996 to 2001 as wicket-keeper. They played six first-class matches in their maiden first-class season. They were part of the team in its only 2000/01 domestic season.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Bangladeshi cricketers
Biman Bangladesh Airlines cricketers
Cricketers from Dhaka
Wicket-keepers
The Lohner L was a reconnaissance flying boat produced in Austria-Hungary during World War I. It was a two-bay biplane of typical configuration for the flying boats of the day, with its pusher engine mounted on struts in the interplane gap. The pilot and observer sat side by side in an open cockpit, and both the upper and lower sets of wings featured sweepback.
Development
The design was essentially a more powerful version of the Lohner E, and became highly influential. Apart from licensed production by UFAG, the L provided the basis for designs by other major manufacturers. In Germany, Hansa-Brandenburg manufactured a modified version of it as their first flying boat, the , and in Italy, a captured example was used as a pattern aircraft by Macchi, who produced it as the L.1. In turn, the L.1 would provide the foundation for a large number of Macchi designs over the coming years.
The captured aircraft (serial L.40) was taken intact near the naval air station of Porto Corsini. The captured flying boat was copied by Macchi-Nieuport and the L.1 was built within a month. The L.1s were delivered to Italian maritime reconnaissance and bombing units based on the Adriatic. An improved version was developed as the Macchi L.2
A restored example of an Austro-Hungarian Lohner L (serial L.127) is preserved at the Italian Air Force Museum at Vigna di Valle.
Operational history
Lohner seaplanes saw extensive use before and during World War I, and those aircraft that survived the war served for several years. Some important and interesting events are related, such as:
Immediately after the declaration of war by Austria-Hungary on Serbia and Montenegro, from 28 July 1914 to 2 August 1914, Lohner L seaplanes from Kumbor patrolled and photographed the Montenegrin artillery positions, representing the first use of aircraft in World War I.
On 16 September 1915 Lohner L 132 piloted by a Lieutenant Commander Dimitrije Konjović and Lohner L 135 piloted by Walter Železni, on regular reconnaissance missions off Cattaro found the French Brumaire-class submarine Foucault and attacked it with bombs. The submarine was damaged in the attack and was abandoned by their crew. One Lohner flying boat landed at sea, captured two French officers and transported them to Kumbor. The other members of the crew were rescued by an Austro-Hungarian torpedo boat. This was the first sinking of a submarine from the air in the history of aviation.
Variants
Lohner L
Lohner R - Photo-reconnaissance version
Lohner S - Trainer version
Macchi L.1 - with Fiat machine gun and Isotta-Fraschini V.4a engine (14 built)
Operators
Austro-Hungarian Navy
Kaiserliche Marine
Regia Marina (Macchi L.1)
Yugoslav Royal Navy - 4 aircraft Lohner TL
Specifications (Lohner L)
See also
Notes
References
1910s Austro-Hungarian military reconnaissance aircraft
L
Lohner L
L.01
Flying boats
Military aircraft of World War I
Biplanes
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1915
Agustín Alberto Balbuena (1 September 1945 – 9 March 2021) was an Argentine football striker who won with Club Atlético Independiente four Copa Libertadores and one Copa Intercontinental.
Career
Balbuena began their professional playing career in 1964 with home town club Colón de Santa Fe, after a spell with Racing Club. They played for Rosario Central where they were a losing finalist in the 1970 Nacional.
In 1971 Balbuena joined Club Atlético Independiente where they became an important player during the most successful period in the history of the club. They appeared with the team that won the 1971 Metropolitano to qualify for the Copa Libertadores. Independiente won Copa Libertadores on four consecutive occasions: 1972, 1973, 1974 and 1975. They scored the winning goal in the Copa Intercontinental in 1973 against Juventus.
Balbuena was included in the Argentina national team for the 1974 FIFA World Cup, one of eight national team occasions.
Later in their career they played for Bucaramanga of Colombia and CD FAS of El Salvador.
Death
Balbuena died aged 75 on 9 March 2021.
Honours
Independiente
Primera División Argentina: 1971 Metropolitano
Copa Libertadores: 1972, 1973, 1974, 1975
Copa Intercontinental: 1973
Copa Interamericana: 1972, 1973, 1974
References
External links
1945 births
2021 deaths
Sportspeople from Santa Fe, Argentina
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
1974 FIFA World Cup players
Association football forwards
Club Atlético Colón footballers
Racing Club de Avellaneda footballers
Rosario Central footballers
Club Atlético Independiente footballers
Atlético Bucaramanga footballers
C.D. FAS footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Primera Nacional players
Categoría Primera A player
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in El Salvador
Expatriate footballers in El Salvador
Ilyukhinskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 1 as of 2002.
Geography
Ilyukhinskaya is located 70 km northwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Nikitinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Małków may refer to the following places:
Malków, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Małków, Łódź Voivodeship (central Poland)
Małków, Hrubieszów County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Małków, Łęczna County in Lublin Voivodeship (east Poland)
Małków, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
The Union of Democratic Forces of Guinea (, UFDG) is a social-liberal political party in Guinea.
The party was founded in 1991 by a number of opposition parties and groups. In October 2002 it was joined by a section of Union for Progress and Renewal under the leadership of Mamadou Boye Bah, which unlike the majority of their party wanted to boycott the 2002 parliamentary election. Mamadou Ba was subsequently elected as President of UFDG. The party affiliated to the Republican Front for Democratic Change alliance, which intended to field a candidate in the 2003 presidential election.
From 2007 onwards the presidency of the party has been held by Cellou Dalein Diallo, who stood for the party in the 2010 presidential election, topping the poll in the first round before narrowly losing to Alpha Conde in the second round.
On 25 July 2015, Diallo was named as the UFDG's candidate for the 2015 presidential election at a party congress; they were also re-elected to lead the party for another five years.
Electoral history
Presidential elections
National Assembly elections
References
External links
Official website
Political parties established in 1991
Political parties in Guinea
Liberal International
Liberal parties in Africa
1991 establishments in Guinea
JECRC University is a private university located in the city of Jaipur, in Rajasthan in India. It is recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC), New Delhi.
Courses offered
JECRC University offers Bachelor's and Master's degrees. It also provides scholarships to students with some criteria. Courses offered:
Engineering
IT & Computer Applications
Management
Science
Hospitality and Hotel Management
Journalism and Mass Communication
Law
Design
Humanities
Allied Health Sciences
Distance (ODL) Programme
Doctoral Programme (PhD)
See also
List of institutions of higher education in Rajasthan
References
External links
Official website
Private universities in India
Engineering colleges in Jaipur
Universities and colleges in Jaipur
Universities in Rajasthan
Educational institutions established in 2012
2012 establishments in Rajasthan
The women's 400 metres event at the 1975 Pan American Games was held in Mexico City on 17 and 18 October.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Final
References
Athletics at the 1975 Pan American Games
1975
Prosper Vokouma (born 4 August 1955) is a Burkinabé diplomat and politician who served in the government of Burkina Faso as minister of foreign affairs from 1989 to 1991. They became Burkina Faso's Permanent Representative to the United Nations Office at Geneva and the World Trade Organization in 2008.
Career
Vokouma entered the civil service in April 1982, when they were appointed as a department head at the Directorate of Bilateral Cooperation, part of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Subsequently they were appointed as Director of Political Affairs in 1984 and as High Commissioner of Naouri Province in 1987.
Following the assassination of President Thomas Sankara in October 1987, Vokouma was appointed as Secretary-General of the Government and the Council of Ministers by President Blaise Compaore on 31 October 1987. After two years in that position, they were instead appointed as Minister of Foreign Relations on 21 September 1989. They were dismissed from the government on 26 July 1991, when Issa Dominique Konaté was appointed to replace them as Foreign Minister. Later, they were a Political Adviser to the President of the National Assembly in 1995.
Vokouma was Secretary-General of the National Assembly from 2000 to 2008. They left the latter position when they were assigned to a diplomatic posting in Switzerland: on 12 March 2008, they were accredited as Burkina Faso's Permanent Representative to the United Nations Office at Geneva and the World Trade Organization, and they additionally presented their credentials as Ambassador to Switzerland to the President of the Swiss Confederation, Pascal Couchepin, on 1 July 2008.
Vokouma was dismissed from their post as Ambassador to Switzerland on 20 March 2015.
References
1955 births
Living people
Ambassadors of Burkina Faso to Switzerland
Foreign ministers of Burkina Faso
Government ministers of Burkina Faso
21st-century Burkinabé people
Naituku is a Fijian surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Epineri Naituku (1963–2019), Fijian rugby union player
Sairusi Naituku (1961–2016), Fijian rugby union player
Fijian-language surnames
Route 146 is a highway in northern Missouri. Its eastern terminus is at Route 6 west of Trenton; its western terminus is at U.S. Route 136 east of Bethany.
Major intersections
References
146
Transportation in Harrison County, Missouri
Transportation in Grundy County, Missouri
Jozo Penava (26 May 1909 – 17 January 1987) was a Yugoslav music producer, composer, arranger, musician and vocalist. Penava immensely contributed to the development of folk songs and the traditional Bosniak folk music sevdalinka. They worked with many prominent sevdalinka singers of the 20th century, such as Safet Isović, Zehra Deović, Himzo Polovina, Nada Mamula, Beba Selimović, Nedžad Salković, Silvana Armenulić, and Meho Puzić, among others.
Biography
Penava was born in the village of Palež near Kiseljak, in what is today Bosnia and Herzegovina. As a young man they studied to become a baker. Penava was in love with the craft of baking, but was never attracted to getting up early and working in high temperature kitchens. Their passion for music was stronger. After serving their military service in Sombor in 1939, Penava composed their first songs: "Sa prozora" (From the Window) and "U baštici, kraj bijele ružice" (In a Small Garden, by the White Roses). They enrolled in a music school where they gained musical knowledge. Penava was one of the founders of Radio Sarajevo in April 1945 after World War II. Penava led the tambura orchestra of Radio Sarajevo for more than twenty years.
Songs
"Bere cura plav jorgovan"
"Sve behara i sve cvjeta"
"Sjetuje me majka"
"Cvati ružo moja"
"Sarajevo, behara ti tvoga"
"Gledala sam sa prozora"
"Na mezaru majka plače i nišane ljubi"
"Golube poleti"
"Pokraj kuće male"
"Sarajčice hajdemo"
"Pjesma Kiseljaku"
"Ismihana dušo moja"
"Mene moja zaklinjala majka"
References
External links
Jozo Penava discography at Discogs
1909 births
1987 deaths
People from Kiseljak
Sevdalinka
Yugoslav musicians
Musicians from Sarajevo
In the Melanesian mythology of Fiji, Burotu is the paradise-underworld. Newly dead souls are judged by Degei, and a few go to Burotu. The rest go to Murimuria.
See also
Bulu, said to be the name for the Fijian 'land of death'
Pulotu, a similar concept in the Polynesian cultures of Tonga and Samoa
References
Fijian mythology
Afterlife places
Conceptions of heaven
Underworld
Spirit is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Jewel, released on November 17, 1998, by Atlantic Records. Singles include "Hands", "Down So Long", and a newly recorded version of "Jupiter", followed by a remix of "What's Simple Is True" to promote Jewel's debut film Ride with the Devil. In addition, a one-track CD containing a live version of "Life Uncommon" was released to music stores in hopes to raise money and awareness for Habitat for Humanity.
Spirit debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 with 368,000 copies sold in its first week. It went on to sell 3.7 million units in the United States.
Composition
Kilcher began writing material for Spirit after the release of Pieces of You in 1995. In 1996, they recorded six songs with producer Peter Collins, but scrapped the tracks after singles from their debut album, Pieces of You, began to receive significant radio play.
In a 1998 interview, they divulged that the song "Fat Boy" was written about a boy they grew up with who committed suicide on their family's property in Alaska: "There was a note [he left] that said some thing along the lines of, 'Nobody will love me,.' And to know that you're not sexually attractive in our society at age thirteen or to feel that you won't ever be loved at age eighteen is just devastating." They also stated that the song "Hands" was written based on the notion of: "if I watch what my hands do, I'd have a better idea of what I was thinking, consciously or subconsciously."
Recording
Spirit was recorded at Groove Masters in Santa Monica, California, and Ocean Way Recording in Hollywood. Jewel recorded the album with producer Patrick Leonard (who frequently had worked with Madonna), who added percussive undercurrents and keyboards to the guitar-based tracks.
Reception
David Browne of Entertainment Weekly wrote of the album: "With their dulcet voice and lulling refrains, Jewel makes the social and political ills of the world go down easy. But in doing so, they unintentionally confound the problem, since their honeyed background-music folk makes issues of life and death appear more benign and less worrisome than they are. Jewel truly has brought topical folk songs into the modern age: They make complacent rabble-rousers." Rolling Stones Rob Sheffield awarded the album three out of five stars.
Jon Pareles of The New York Times compared Jewel's vocal mannerisms on the album to those of Joni Mitchell, Stevie Nicks, Michael Stipe, and Rickie Lee Jones, adding that "half the songs...reach an otherworldly tenderness, redeeming the lyrics through the grace of the music." Wendy Bareles of CNN praised Jewel's vocals on the album, though added: "In the funky, accusatory "Who Will Save Your Soul" on the first album, Jewel dropped to a growl to ask, "Who will save your soul after the lies that you told, boy." Songs in the new collection such as "Hands" and "Kiss The Flame" are, by contrast, pleasant folky confections that don't distinguish themselves musically or lyrically."
Track listing
Personnel
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
1998 albums
Albums produced by Patrick Leonard
Atlantic Records albums
Jewel (singer) albums
Paola Tovaglia (9 April 1965 – 6 April 1994) was an Italian children's television presenter, voice actor and singer. They were best known for their work on the children's television show Ciao Ciao.
Biography
Born in Milan, Tovaglia began their career at some point during the 1980s. They joined the cast of Ciao Ciao in 1989 and they sometimes collaborated with the comedy rock band Elio e le Storie Tese. Them pseudonyms Paola Maralli and Peev Agliato (which they used for different professions) were taken from the surnames of both their grandmothers.
As a voice actor, Tovaglia dubbed the voices of characters in many animated cartoons which included Lynn Russell in Lady!!, Lickety Split in My Little Pony, Bianca Dupree in Beverly Hills Teens and they also provided voices in the anime show Aishite Knight.
Tovaglia also sung a majority of songs during their time on Ciao Ciao. Near the beginning of their career, they played the guitar and auditioned on several talent shows on television.
Death
Tovaglia died of brain cancer in Milan on 6 April 1994, just three days before their 29th birthday. Despite already having surgery, their cancer returned. They were laid to rest at the cemetery in Montemurlo.
Commemoration
Elio e le Storie Tese's album İtalyan, rum casusu çikti is dedicated to Tovaglia's memory.
References
External links
1965 births
1994 deaths
Actresses from Milan
Mass media people from Milan
Italian voice actores
Italian children's television presenters
Italian women television presenters
20th-century Italian actores
20th-century Italian women singers
Deaths from brain cancer in Italy
William Park (23 February 1919 – 19 July 2016) was an English professional footballer who played as a half-back in the Football League for Blackpool and York City, and in non-League football for Felling Red Star and Scarborough.
References
Specific
General
Gerry Wolstenholme's obituary for Billy Park, 1 August 2016
1919 births
Footballers from Gateshead
2016 deaths
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Blackpool F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Scarborough F.C. players
English Football League players
Manufacturers Building is a historic commercial building located at Rockingham, Richmond County, North Carolina. It was built about 1904, and is a two-story, red brick commercial building. It has a high hipped and slate covered roof. The building served as the administrative offices for five of the most important textile mills in Richmond County—Pee Dee Manufacturing Company, Steele's Mills, Roberdel Mills, Midway Mills, and Hannah Pickett Mills.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Commercial buildings completed in 1904
Buildings and structures in Randolph County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Richmond County, North Carolina
The Meadows Shopping Center (often called "The Meadows") is an enclosed shopping center in Terre Haute, Indiana. It opened in 1956 as an open-air shopping center and was enclosed in a 1982–1983 renovation.
History
The shopping center opened in 1956, and according to the mall's site, 5,000 were in attendance. Original Anchor Stores included Woolworth's and a Kroger grocery store. The complex has undergone many different store changes throughout its existence. The first being the addition of a JC Penney Department store. Woolworth's closed in the 1970s and was replaced by a Meis department store, of which was converted into an Elder-Beerman in 1989. The former Penney's and Elder-Beerman spaces were converted into a Stein Mart that opened in 1995.
A movie theatre was added in 1970, and closed in 2014.
Stein Mart closed October 26, 2020, following the company's bankruptcy and liquidation.
It was announced in June of 2021 that the former Stein Mart space will be split into two parts, with an Ace Hardware occupying on section, and the other half converted to more specialty store fronts.
References
1956 establishments in Indiana
Buildings and structures in Terre Haute, Indiana
Shopping malls established in 1956
Shopping malls in Indiana
The 2012–13 All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship was the 10th staging of the All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association. The championship began on 29 September 2012 and ended on 10 February 2013.
On 10 February 2013, Thomastown won the championship following a 2–17 to 2–14 defeat of Fullen Gaels in the final at Croke Park.
Thomastown's Michael Donnelly was the championship's top scorer with 0-40.
Results
Connacht Junior Club Hurling Championship
Semi-final
Final
Leinster Junior Club Hurling Championship
First round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Munster Junior Club Hurling Championship
Quarter-final
Semi-finals
Final
Ulster Junior Club Hurling Championship
Preliminary round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
Quarter-final
Semi-finals
Final
References
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
All-Ireland Junior Club Hurling Championship
2012
Client Liaison are an Australian indie pop duo made up of vocalist Monte Morgan, and keyboardist and producer Harvey Miller. The pair first came to prominence in 2012 after the release of their first music video "End of the Earth", and have gone on to release a self-titled EP in 2014, and studio album Diplomatic Immunity in 2016. Their second studio album, Divine Intervention was released on 1 October 2021.
Background
Origins
Client Liaison was formed in Melbourne in 2009 by former Geelong Grammar schoolmates Monte Morgan (born 1985) and Harvey Miller (born 22 May 1988).
Influenced by late '80s and early '90s electronic and house music, the pair produces a style of music described by them as "faux-fi", and incorporate a similar 1980s Australia theme into their personas. As part of this image, the pair draw a wide range of Australian references into their performances and music videos, and often make reference to brands such Ansett, Foster's, and Diners Club, and have named Tina Arena and John Farnham as being amongst the many influences on their music.
When performing live, the duo expands to include Miller's brother Geordie Miller on guitar and saxophone, and Triple J's Hack presenter Tom Tilley, whom Miller had met through a previous girlfriend, on bass.
Both Monte and Harvey attended the private Geelong Grammar School. The former is the son of executive-chairperson of Roy Morgan Research, Gary Morgan, the latter is the son of director George T. Miller. The duo bases themselves in a Collins Street office space owned by Morgan's father's company.
Morgan studied general arts at the University of Melbourne. Miller, who studied fine arts at the Victorian College of the Arts, frequently uses the postnominal AO after their name, describing themselves as a "self-appointed" member of the Order of Australia — they are not, in reality, a member.
2012–2016: Client Liaison
In mid-2012, Client Liaison released the music video for "End of the Earth", a song Morgan had written five years prior during a time when they were "angry with Australia" and its culture cringe. The video, featuring the pair in '80s pop clothing performing in front of a montage of iconic Australian clips, became a cult hit on YouTube.
It was not until over a year later, on 29 August 2014, that the duo released their first EP, eponymously titled Client Liaison. The music video for the single "Queen" was filmed on a VHS camcorder and made reference to the clip for the Womack and Womack song "Teardrops".
The pair played their first national tour as a support act for Miami Horror, and later went on to support Flight Facilities on their national and international tours.
At the 2014 J Awards, the duo were nominated for best music video for their song "Free of Fear" but lost to "Chandelier" by Sia.
2016–2017: Diplomatic Immunity
Client Liaison's first studio album Diplomatic Immunity was released on 4 November 2016. The pair described the theme of the album as being of them as "diplomats flying the Australian flag, taking Australia to the world". The duo collaborated with Cleopold, Flight Facilities and Tina Arena while producing the album. The music video for "Wild Life", the album's second single, makes references to Qintex, the former company run by business person-turned-fugitive Christopher Skase. The album's fourth single, "A Foreign Affair", features Tina Arena and makes reference to their 1995 song Sorrento Moon. As part of the release of the album, Client Liaison announced that in place of ordinary band merchandise they would be releasing a line of clothing named the "Client Liaison: Deluxe Line" with the assistance of stylist Kirsty Barros.
The pair performed at Firefly Music Festival, Splendour in the Grass, and Secret Garden Festival in 2015, Groovin' the Moo and The Falls Music and Arts Festival in 2016, and Field Day in 2017. The band commenced a world tour titled "A Foreign Affair" in August 2017. In November, the group won Australian Music Video of the Year at the 2017 J Awards for "A Foreign Affair", which was directed by Tim White.
2018–present: Divine Intervention
In May 2018, Client Liaison released "Survival in the City".
In August 2019, Client Liaison released "The Real Thing", and confirmed they are working on a second studio album. In November 2019, Client Liaison released "Champagne Affection". In June 2021, Client Liaison announced the released of their second studio album Divine Intervention, released on 1 October 2021.
Divine Intervention became the band's first ARIA top ten albums, debuting at number 7.
Discography
Albums
EPs
Singles
As lead artist
Remixes
"Cruel", The Preatures (June 2015)
"90s Music", Kimbra (August 2014)
"Rain", Retiree (February 2014)
"Oh Innocence", Dúné (March 2013)
Awards and nominations
AIR Awards
The Australian Independent Record Awards (commonly known informally as AIR Awards) is an annual awards night to recognise, promote and celebrate the success of Australia's Independent Music sector.
!
|-
| 2015
| Client Liaison
| Breakthrough Independent Artist
|
|
|-
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music. They commenced in 1987.
!
|-
|rowspan="2" | 2017
| Tim White (for Client Liaison featuring Tina Arena) - "A Foreign Affair"
|rowspan="3" | Best Video
|
|rowspan="3" |
|-
| Tobias Willis and Zachary Bradtke for Client Liaison - "Off White Limousine"
|
|-
| 2018
| David Porte Beckefeld (for Client Liaison) - ""Survival in the City"]"
|
|-
J Award
The J Awards are an annual series of Australian music awards that were established by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's youth-focused radio station Triple J. They commenced in 2005.
|-
| J Awards of 2014
|"Free of Fear"
| Australian Video of the Year
|
|-
| J Awards of 2017
| "A Foreign Affair" (with Tina Arena)
| Australian Video of the Year
|
|-
Music Victoria Awards
The Music Victoria Awards, are an annual awards night celebrating Victorian music. They commenced in 2005.
|-
| 2013
| Best Electronic Act
| rowspan="7" | Music Victoria Awards
|
|-
| rowspan="3"| 2014
| Best Electronic Act
|
|-
| Best Emerging Artist
|
|-
| Best Band
|
|-
| 2016
| Best Electronic Act
|
|-
| 2017
| Best Electronic Act
|
|-
National Live Music Awards
The National Live Music Awards (NLMAs) are a broad recognition of Australia's diverse live industry, celebrating the success of the Australian live scene. The awards commenced in 2016.
|-
| National Live Music Awards of 2016
| Tom Tilley (Client Liaison)
| Live Bassist of the Year
|
|-
| rowspan="4" | National Live Music Awards of 2017
| rowspan="3" | themselves
| Live Act of the Year
|
|-
| Live Pop Act of the Year
|
|-
| People's Choice - Live Act of the Year
|
|-
| Tom Tilley (Client Liaison)
| Live Bassist of the Year
|
|-
References
External links
Official website
Australian indie pop groups
Victoria (Australia) musical groups
Australian electronic musicians
Musical groups established in 2009
The Bicycle Kitchen / La Bicicocina is an educational non-profit bicycle workspace in the Los Angeles neighborhood of East Hollywood. The Bicycle Kitchen serves and is served by its community, providing a place where people can use tools to empower themselves as bicycle mechanics. The Bicycle Kitchen promotes a do-it-yourself attitude to recycling and reuse. The educational experience is entirely hands-on and any instruction arises out of the interactions between clients and more knowledgeable volunteers. The Bicycle Kitchen also has a strong social aspect where strangers discover shared purpose and mutual respect.
The Bicycle Kitchen is entirely run by volunteers and is supported by small individual donations from its everyday clients. Some clients support the Bicycle Kitchen through cash donations while many others donate their time and effort to help clean and organize the space. The community's continuing generosity means that no one need be turned away simply for lack of funds.
The Bicycle Kitchen shares the culture of many traditional Bicycle Cooperatives and many of the most dedicated volunteers at the Los Angeles Bicycle Kitchen have been members of bicycle cooperatives in other parts of America and around the world.
New volunteers are constantly joining the Bicycle Kitchen and while a knowledge of bicycle mechanics is helpful to volunteers it is not essential. The only real prerequisite is the willingness to engage with people of all backgrounds in a constructive and supportive way.
Volunteering at the Bicycle Kitchen is not only a way to find and connect with individuals who are like minded and share your interests, but also it might help you to bridge across social divisions and to repair some of the damage caused by pervasive and ever increasing market driven social stratification.
The Bicycle Kitchen is part of a larger do-it-yourself movement and shares many aspects of maker culture and open source culture.
Visiting The Bicycle Kitchen
The Bicycle Kitchen is located at 4429 Fountain Ave in East Hollywood, two blocks south of the large intersection where Hollywood Blvd. and Sunset Blvd meet.
It is South of the Vons on Virgil, and West of Sunset Nursery and Akbar on Fountain.
The closest subway stop is Vermont / Sunset on the Red Line. Walk one block South and two blocks East to reach the Kitchen.
Because the Bicycle Kitchen is run by volunteers with changing schedules, it does not always open on time. It doesn't hurt to call ahead to ask if they are open.
The phone number is (323) 662-2776, but the phone is normally only answered when the Kitchen is open.
Please understand that the Coronavirus Pandemic has significantly changed Bicycle Kitchen's hours of operation.
The Kitchen is currently open for just a few hours per week until the situation stabilizes.
History
The name "bicycle kitchen" is a version of the more common term "bike kitchen" which is a popular name among community bicycle organizations. However the LA Bicycle Kitchen has played no small part in popularizing the name throughout the globe in the past decade. The origins of Los Angeles' Bicycle Kitchen date back to 2002, when a tiny bicycle repair workshop was set up in an unused apartment in an intentional community known as the Los Angeles Eco-Village. Jimmy Lizama, a resident and local bicycle messenger, cooked and encouraged others to join them for evenings of bikes, pizza, and beer. Soon other kindred spirits joined the group among them Ben Guzman, Aaron Salinger and Randy Metz. In the following year, the bicycle kitchen became a community resource and a local hot spot for bicycle enthusiasts.
By the winter of 2004, the small space could not accommodate the number of people attending, so the loosely organized group of volunteers decided to find a different space and to become a collectively run non-profit organization.
In 2005, Ben Guzman signed the lease that brought the Bicycle Kitchen into the forefront of the public's eye by moving it from the confines of the Eco-Village storefront at Melrose and Heliotrope. The neighborhood that the Bicycle Kitchen moved into was in rapid transition quickly became filled with like-minded supportive entrepreneurial young businesses, namely: Scoops (ice cream), Pure Luck (vegan food and beer), Vlad the Retailer (craft items, venue), and Orange 20 (boutique bicycle shop).
In 2010, after years of successive rent increases at their location in what was coming to be called "The Bicycle District" and fearing that the Bicycle Kitchen might get priced out of the neighborhood it became clear that the bicycle Kitchen should purchase a building.
In May 2012, after a very successful fundraising campaign, the Bicycle Kitchen was able to move into a larger space only 1.4 miles away from their beloved old neighborhood. Their new home is in a former sapin-sapin bakery at 4429 Fountain Avenue.
References
Los Angeles Times Magazine, November 2, 2003
https://web.archive.org/web/20140812192155/http://andrewvontz.com/los-angeles-times-bicycle-kitchen-nov-2-2003/
External links
The Bicycle Kitchen
The Bicycle Kitchen Wiki
2002 establishments in California
Cycling in California
Non-profit organizations based in Los Angeles
Commercial driver's license training (or CDL training) is a specialized instructional program or course designed to prepare a student to obtain a commercial driver's license (CDL), which is required for a career as a truck driver in the United States. During training, students are taught the necessary knowledge and skills to pass a series of tests to obtain their CDL. Such a program generally begins with classroom instruction geared towards passing the written exams for a CDL permit, a learner's permit that allows a student to practice driving skills on public roads with a CDL licensed driver or instructor. Students graduate from CDL training upon receiving their CDLs and proving that they can comfortably and safely drive and maneuver a truck. Most CDL training schools train drivers for a class A CDL, which allows the holder to drive a tractor trailer weighing over 26,000 pounds.
The CDL is issued by Department of Transportation (DoT). The minimum age for intra-state CDL is 18 years while for inter-state CDL is 21 years. There are different classes of CDL and endorsements along with it which are required to operate special types of vehicles.
There are three basic types of truck driving schools: programs offered through community colleges, private truck driving schools and schools operated by trucking companies. Each type of program has different characteristics, so prospective students need to evaluate which type of school is right for them. The length of CDL training programs varies from school to school. Programs can range from a few weeks up to six months to complete, depending on whether the program is part-time or full-time.
Each type of school can have advantages and disadvantages; for example, community college programs are often less expensive than private schools, but the private schools may offer faster completion with more flexibility in enrollment schedules. Community colleges may also offer more advanced facilities since campuses are developed and supported by the state in most cases.
Private truck driving schools are in business to provide training, so they are often "results-oriented." Most private truck driving schools offer financial aid and job placement assistance. Some private schools work only with certain employers and provide training on behalf of those employers. This is known as "sponsored" or "contract" training. In this situation, some or all of the up-front costs of training are paid to the school by the employer, and the student reimburses the employer during a period of employment as a driver. This may be an option for students who wish to avoid up-front payment, but students should understand the legal and financial implications of this type of training. As with all financial commitments for CDL training schools, potential students should inquire about tuition and fees, loans, credit checks, and other terms and conditions that apply to attending any truck driving school.
Schools operated by trucking companies can allow students to learn to drive with lower up-front costs, but there are conditions and obligations that go along with this arrangement. These programs are usually quicker than both private schools and community colleges (2–4 weeks). Drivers usually agree to drive for the carrier for at least a year in exchange for the training, and there can be tuition reimbursement costs and penalties for drivers who fail to complete this legal obligation. One advantage is that usually employment with the carrier that operates the school is guaranteed (as long as the student obtains a CDL and meets all hiring requirements upon completion of the training).
Types of training courses
CDL training programs have three basic types of approval categories: licensed, certified, or accredited. Licensed schools have been reviewed by a state agency and have met the state's minimum school requirements (such as facilities, curriculum, instructors, financial, etc.). The school is regulated and licensed by the state agency, and must meet those requirements. Certified schools have been reviewed and inspected by a third party, usually an independent group that measures the school against industry standards. Graduates are expected to meet the minimum skills and knowledge standards for both the U.S. Department of Transportation and the trucking industry. Accreditation is an approval process conducted by an accrediting agency that has been authorized by the U.S. Department of Education to accredit schools that meet certain federal standards. There are only a handful of accredited CDL training programs in the United States. Trucking companies use these three categories to determine which schools they will hire.
References
External links
https://www.fmcsa.dot.gov/registration/commercial-drivers-license
https://cdlstudybuddy.com
Road safety
Logistics industry in the United States
Driver's education
Kosmas (Makis) Tzatzos () (born 6 November 1968 in Komanos, Ptolemaida), is a retired football player (attacking midfielder) who connected their name mainly with Xanthi F.C.
Career
Their career began at their hometown, where they played for [eordaikos]. Their skills and talent were spotted by Xanthi and soon they became a member of the team (1988). Tzatzos was regarded by the media as a class player and they are one of the main reasons why Xanthi F.C. won the second division championship and earned promotion to the Greek Superleague.
They played for Xanthi until 1995, when they joined Aris Thessaloniki F.C. For a year they offered their services at the Salonica team, only to return to Xanthi in the second half of the 1996/97 season.
Tzatzos played their last game for Xanthi and their last in the Greek first division in May 1997, and they made a total of 178 league appearances for the club. They returned to their first team (Anagennisi Karditsas) and closed their career at Leonidio in 2001.
References
1967 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Anagennisi Karditsa F.C. players
Xanthi F.C. players
Aris Thessaloniki F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Ptolemaida
Jeanette Threlfall (pen name, J. T.; 24 March 1821 – 30 November 1880) was a 19th-century English hymnwriter and author of other sacred poems. They published Woodsorrel, 1856; The Babe and the Princess, 1864; Sunshine and Shadow, 1873; and two little prose works. Threlfall was brought up by an uncle and other relatives as their parents died when they were young. Suffering from poor health during the greater part of their life served to deepen their spiritual faith, and gave their time to write hymns. Them literary and religious accomplishment were lauded after their death in 1880, by such authorities as Dean Arthur Penrhyn Stanley, Dean Frederic Farrar, and Bishop Christopher Wordsworth. "We praise Thee in the morning" may be taken as a specimen of their style, while their Palm Sunday hymn, "Hosanna! loud hosanna", was very popular with children. They died in 1880.
Early life and education
Jeanette Threlfall was born in Blackburn, Lancashire, on 24 March 1821. They were the daughter of Henry Threlfall, wine merchant, and Catherine Eccles, the latter a somewhat noticeable local family, who disapproved of the marriage.
Orphaned early in life, they became the "beloved inmate" (as a memorial-card bears) of the households successively of their uncle and aunt Bannister and Mary Jane Eccles, at Park Place, Blackburn, and Golden Hill, Leyland, Lancashire; and later of their daughter, Sarah Alice Aston, and their husband, of Dean's Yard, Westminster.
From about twelve years of age, their education was left to itself, but their great love of reading, combined with delicate health, prevented this from being a great disadvantage.
Career
Threlfall worked as a Sunday school teacher. Throughout their life, they were a great reader, and made time to write sacred poems and hymns. These were sent anonymously to various periodicals. They were first collected and issued in a small volume, entitled Woodsorrel; or, Leaves from a Retired Home, by J. T., (London: J. Nisbet, 1856). The thirty-five poems in the volume did not appear to gain any notice except among friends. In 1873, they selected fifteen pieces from Woodsorrel and added 55 others, and published them as Sunshine and Shadow. Poems by Jeannette Threlfall. With Introduction by the Lord Bishop of Lincoln (Wordsworth) (London: Hunt). A third edition (1880) was entitled New Edition. With In Memoriam from the Sermons of the Dean of Westminster and Canon Farrar. The two memorial tributes were characterized as very tender and sweet.
Of Threlfall's hymns, those in collection include:— 1. Hosanna! loud hosanna, The little children sang. (Palm Sunday) 2. I think of Thee, O Saviour. (Good Friday). 3. Lo, to us a child is born. (Christmas). 4. Thou bidd'st us seek Thee early. (Early Piety.) 5. We praise Thee in the morning. (Morning.) 6. When from Egypt's house of bondage. (Children as Pilgrims.) These hymns are all taken from Threlfall's Sunshine and Shadow, 1873. I think of Thee, O Saviourwas written during an illness, at their dictation, by a friend. Hosanna! loud hosanna, The little children sang was the most widely used of their compositions.
Personal life
In 1877, Threlfall slipped during a carriage accident. The injuries led to a leg amputation. A second accident rendered them a helpless invalid. They bore their sufferings well, retaining a positive attitude till their death, 30 November 1880.
Threlfall was interred in the Aston family vault on the western side of Highgate Cemetery, (plot no.9123), on the 4th December 1880. The vault is on a corner plot, almost opposite the tomb of George Wombwell.
Themes and reception
In Julian (1892), it is remarked that "[her] sacred poems are not very well wrought, nor at all noticeable in thought or sentiment. But all through one feels that a sweet spirit utters itself."
Remarks by Stanley included:—
Remarks by Farrar included:—
Bishop Wordsworth praised their poems, and observed:—
Of Threlfall's "Hosanna! loud hosanna" (Matth. xxi. 15.), listed as a Whitsuntide hymn in Home Words (1868), Frances Ridley Havergal commented in 1881, that it "has become in the fullest sense a standard hymn. It is one of the brightest and most graceful hymns for the little ones that can adorn any collection".
Selected works
Woodsorrel, 1856
The Babe and the Princess, 1864
Sunshine and Shadow, 1873
Notes
References
Attribution
Bibliography
External links
1821 births
1880 deaths
19th-century English non-fiction writers
19th-century English women writers
19th-century English poets
19th-century British women musicians
19th-century pseudonymous writers
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
Protestant hymnwriters
British women hymnwriters
English women poets
English religious writers
Pseudonymous women writers
English women non-fiction writers
Patrice Louise Rushen (born September 30, 1954) is an American jazz pianist and R&B singer.  They are also a composer, record producer, multi-instrumentalist, songwriter, and music director.
Them 1982 single "Forget Me Nots" received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance. The instrumental "Number One" from their album Straight from the Heart earned an additional Grammy nomination for best instrumental. Them 12th album Signature also received a Grammy nomination for best instrumental in 1998.
Rushen also serves as an ambassador for artistry in education at the Berklee College of Music and the chair of the popular music program at the USC Thornton School of Music.
Biography
Rushen is the elder of two daughters born to Allen and Ruth Rushen. Patrice was three years old when they began playing the piano, and by the time they were six, they were giving classical recitals. In their teens, they attended Locke High School and later earned a degree in music from the University of Southern California.
After winning a competition at the age of 17 that enabled them to perform with their band at the Monterey Jazz Festival, Rushen signed with the Prestige label, releasing three albums with them – Prelusion (1974), Before the Dawn (1975), and Shout It Out (1977). In 1978, when they were 23, they began recording with Elektra.
Rushen married Marc St. Louis, a concert tour manager and live show production specialist, in 1986. They have one son, Cameron and one daughter named Jadyn. The name of their publishing company, Baby fingers Inc., is pulled from their nickname Babyfingers for their tiny hands. In 2005, Rushen received an honorary doctorate of Music degree from Berklee College of Music.  They are the chair of popular music at USC and the ambassador of artistry in Education at the Berklee College of Music. They have served as the film composer for numerous movies television shows and documentaries. They have been a member of jazz fusion band CAB, The Meeting (GRP Records) with Ndugu Chancler, Alphonso Johnson and Ernie Watts. Rushen is also a music director, having worked on various television events as well as Janet Jackson's world tour 'Janet'.
Them song "Hang It Up" was featured on the 2005 video game Fahrenheit.
Cultural impact
Rushen's songs are sampled often in other artists music. The chorus from "Forget Me Nots" was used as the music for the 1997 song "Men in Black". Rushen was credited as writer and composer, along with Will Smith and Terri McFadden. The same chorus can be heard in George Michael's song "Fastlove". "Forget Me Nots" previously found its way into the trampolining scene in the film Big. Them song "Haven't You Heard" was sampled in Kirk Franklin's Looking For You from the Norbit soundtrack. In 2021 their song "Forget Me Nots" was used in a dance challenge on TikTok.
Rushen was the first woman to serve as music director for the 46th, 47th, and 48th Grammy Awards. They were the only woman music director/conductor/arranger for a late-night show titled The Midnight Hour, which aired on CBS in 1990.
Awards
Grammy awards
Rushen has received three Grammy nominations.
Other awards
Number One Record "Feels So Real", Radio & Records (R&R) National Chart - Writers: Patrice Rushen & Fred Washington, 1984
ASCAP Songwriter's Award, 1988
USC Black Student Assembly, Legacy of Excellence Award, 1992
Crystal Award, American Women in Film, 1994
ASCAP Award, Most Performed Song in Motion Pictures for 1997 for "Men in Black," 1998
NAACP Image Award Nomination for Best Contemporary Jazz Recording for “Signature”, 1998
Honorary Doctorate Berklee College of Music, 2005
The California Jazz Foundation NICA award for lifetime achievement, 2019
The Ramo Music Faculty Award, 2020
Trailblazer Award, Salute Them Awards, 2021
Discography
Solo albums
Singles
Appearances
With Carlos Santana and Wayne Shorter
Live at the 1988 Montreux Jazz Festival (Liberation Entertainment, 2007)
With The Meeting
The Meeting (GRP, 1990)
Update (Hip-Bop, 1995)
With Kenny Burrell
Heritage (AudioSource, 1980)
With Herbie Hancock
Lite Me Up (Columbia, 1982)
With Eddie Henderson
Heritage (Blue Note, 1976)
Comin' Through (Capitol, 1977)
With Jean-Luc Ponty
Upon the Wings of Music (Atlantic, 1975)
Aurora (Atlantic, 1976)
With Letizia Gambi
Introducing Letizia Gambi (Via Veneto Jazz, 2012)
With Wallace Roney
A Place in Time (HighNote, 2016)
With Cindy Blackman
Another Lifetime (4Q, 2010)
Filmography
Agents of Change (2016)
Burning Sands (2008)
For One Night (2006, TV)
Just a Dream (2002)
Our America (2002, TV)
Baby of the Family (2002)
Piano, Bass and Drums (2002 Aix Entertainment, DVD Audio)
The Killing Yard (2001, TV)
Fire & Ice (2001, TV)
Cora Unashamed (2000, TV)
Ruby Bridges (1998, TV)
America's Dream (1996, TV)
A. Philip Randolph: For Jobs and Freedom (1996, TV)
The Steve Harvey Show (1996) TV series (unknown episodes)
The Midnight Hour (1990) TV series (unknown episodes)
Without You I'm Nothing (1990)
Hollywood Shuffle (1987)
George Michael: I'm Your Man – A South Bank Show Special (2006, TV, writer: "Fastlove")
Fahrenheit (2005, performer: "Hang It Up")
Men in Black (1997, writer: "Men In Black")
Waiting to Exhale (1995, performer: "And I Gave My Love to You")
Big (1988, writer/performer: "Forget Me Nots")
Dominick and Eugene (1988, performer: "Somewhere")
TV in Black: The First Fifty Years (2004) Herself
VH-1 Where Are They Now? Herself (One episode, 2002)
100 Greatest Dance Songs of Rock & Roll (2000), TV series, Herself
Monterey Jazz Festival: 40 Legendary Years (1998), Herself
The Best of Robert Townsend & Their Partners in Crime (1991) Herself
Top of the Pops, Herself (One episode, 1982)
Soul Train, Herself (One episode, 1981)
American Bandstand, Herself (One episode, 1980)
Musical directing
The 48th Annual Grammy Awards (2006, musical director)
The 47th Annual Grammy Awards (2005, musical director)
The 46th Annual Grammy Awards (2004, musical director)
The 10th Annual Walk of Fame Honoring Smokey Robinson (2004, musical director)
The 9th Annual Walk of Fame Honoring Aretha Franklin (2003, musical director)
The 8th Annual Walk of Fame Honoring Stevie Wonder (2002, musical director)
People's Choice Awards (1993, musical director)
The Best of Robert Townsend & Their Partners in Crime (1991, musical director)
"No Strings" by "Sheena Easton", Rushen as record producer (1993)
The Women of Brewster Place (1989, special musical consultant)
"The Midnight Hour" (unknown episodes, 1990)
Partners in Crime (1988, musical director)
References
Sources
External links
Patrice Rushen Official Website
.
Patrice Rushen 2012 Audio Interview at Soulinterviews.com
Patrice Rushen Interview NAMM Oral History Program
1954 births
20th-century African-American women singers
African-American jazz pianists
American boogie musicians
American dance musicians
American disco singers
American funk keyboardists
American funk singers
American multi-instrumentalists
American jazz keyboardists
American rhythm and blues singer-songwriters
American sopranos
American soul keyboardists
American soul singers
Jazz musicians from California
Rhythm and blues pianists
Living people
Singers from Los Angeles
Thornton School of Music alumni
Women jazz pianists
20th-century American women singers
21st-century American women singers
20th-century American pianists
CAB (band) members
21st-century American keyboardists
21st-century American pianists
20th-century American keyboardists
Elektra Records artists
20th-century American singers
21st-century American singers
African-American songwriters
21st-century African-American women
Singer-songwriters from California
The 1982–83 St. Francis Terriers men's basketball team represented St. Francis College during the 1982–83 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was coached by Gene Roberti, who was in their fourth year at the helm of the St. Francis Terriers. The Terrier's home games were played at the Generoso Pope Athletic Complex. The team has been a member of the Northeast Conference since 1981, although at this time the conference was known as the ECAC Metro Conference. Also at this time the conference had 2 divisions, north and south, with St. Francis being in the north division.
The Terriers finished their season at 10–18 overall and 7–7 in conference play.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#0038A8; border: 2px solid #CE1126;;color:#FFFFFF;"| Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#0038A8; border: 2px solid #CE1126;;color:#FFFFFF;"| ECAC Metro Tournament
source
References
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers men's basketball seasons
St. Francis
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers men's basketball
St. Francis Brooklyn Terriers men's basketball
The original incarnation of Viacom Inc. (derived from "Video & Audio Communications") was an American media conglomerate based in New York City. It began as CBS Television Film Sales, the broadcast syndication division of the CBS television network in 1952; it was renamed CBS Films in 1958, renamed CBS Enterprises in 1968, renamed Viacom in 1970, and spun off into its own company in 1971. Viacom was a distributor of CBS television series throughout the 1970s and 1980s, and also distributed syndicated television programs.
In 1999, Viacom acquired the then-parent company of CBS, the former Westinghouse Electric Corporation, which had been renamed CBS Corporation in 1997. Viacom was split into the second CBS Corporation and Viacom incarnations, and ceased operations in 2006. The spin-off was structured so that CBS Corporation would be the legal successor to the first Viacom, with the second Viacom being an entirely separated company. The two companies eventually re-merged on December 4, 2019, leading to the formation of ViacomCBS, now known as Paramount.
History
The Viacom's origin story set on March 16, 1952 — when CBS founded its broadcast syndication division, CBS Television Film Sales. It renamed as CBS Films in October 1958. On December 1, 1967, it again renamed as CBS Enterprises Inc.. On July 6, 1970, it announced that CBS Enterprises would be spin out from its parent company, and the same month the division was incorporated as Viacom, and spun off on January 1, 1971, amid new FCC rules forbidding television networks from owning syndication companies (the rules were later repealed).
In addition to CBS TV series syndication rights, Viacom also held cable systems with 90,000 cable subscribers, at that time the largest in the US. In 1976, Viacom started Showtime, a pay movie channel, with Warner-Amex taking a half-share ownership. The company went into original programming production starting in the late 1970s until the early 1980s with middling results.
String of acquisitions
Viacom's first broadcast station acquisition came in 1978 when the company purchased WHNB-TV in New Britain, Connecticut, changing its call letters to WVIT. Two years later Viacom added the Sonderling Broadcasting chain, giving it radio stations in New York City, Washington, D.C., Houston, and San Francisco, and one television station, WAST (now WNYT) in Albany, New York.
In 1983 Viacom purchased KSLA in Shreveport, Louisiana, and WHEC-TV in Rochester, New York, in separate transactions. This was followed in 1986 with CBS-owned KMOX-TV in St. Louis; with the purchase, that station's call letters were changed to KMOV.
Also in 1983, Viacom reacquired its premium channel Showtime, and later merged it with Warner-Amex's The Movie Channel forming Showtime/The Movie Channel, Inc.
Between the late 1980s and the early 1990s, Viacom syndicated several shows produced by Carsey-Werner Productions, namely The Cosby Show, A Different World and Roseanne.
In 1985, Viacom acquired Showtime/The Movie Channel, Inc. from Warner-Amex, ending the joint venture. Around the same time, Viacom bought MTV Networks, which owned MTV, VH-1, and Nickelodeon. This led to Viacom becoming a mass media company rather than simply a distribution company, and completed in 1986.
In 1986, movie theater owner National Amusements bought controlling interest in Viacom, which brought Sumner Redstone to the company.
In 1987, Viacom sought to expand its horizons by launching the new Viacom Network Enterprises division, which was led by Ronald C. Bernard, in order to develop and exploit properties outside of the core cable business and the company would ride herd on diverse enterprises as Viacom's pay-per-view venture, Viewer's Choice, Satellite Direct, Inc. and SMA TV, and handle strategic planning and new business development for Viacom Networks Group, and would develop merchandising, licensing and home video business around the two Viacom subsidiaries it was currently operating, Showtime-The Movie Channel, Inc. and MTV Networks.
Redstone retained the Viacom name and made a string of large acquisitions in the early 1990s, announcing plans to merge with Paramount Communications (formerly Gulf+Western), parent of Paramount Pictures, in 1993, and buying the Blockbuster Video chain in 1994. The acquisition of Paramount Communications in July 1994 made Viacom one of the world's largest entertainment companies. Also in 1993, WTXX entered into a part-time local marketing agreement with Viacom's NBC station WVIT.
The Paramount and Blockbuster acquisitions gave Viacom access to large television holdings: An archive of programming controlled by Aaron Spelling's company which included, along with their own productions, the pre-1973 ABC and NBC libraries under Worldvision Enterprises and Republic Pictures; and an expanded group of television station properties which merged Viacom's five existing outlets into Paramount's seven-station group. Viacom used some of these stations to launch the UPN network, which started operations in January 1995 as a joint venture with Chris-Craft Industries. Shortly afterward, Viacom/Paramount spent the next two years selling off its non-UPN affiliated stations to various owners. In 1997, Viacom exited the broadcast radio business, albeit temporarily, when it sold the majority of its stations to Chancellor Media, a predecessor company of iHeartMedia.
In 1999, Viacom made its biggest acquisition to date by announcing plans to merge with its former parent CBS Corporation. The merger was completed in May 2000, bringing CBS Cable's channels TNN (now Paramount Network) and Country Music Television (CMT) under Viacom's MTV Networks wing, as well as CBS's production units and TV distributors Eyemark Entertainment (formerly Group W Productions) and King World under the main wing.
In 2001, Viacom completed its purchase of BET Holdings, the owners of the Black Entertainment Television (BET) network. As with CBS Cable, it was immediately integrated into MTV Networks, causing some outcry among BET workers in the Washington DC area (where BET was based before the merger). As a result, BET was separated from MTV Networks, into a division known as BET Networks.
Although a majority economic interest in Viacom was held by independent shareholders, the Redstone family maintained 71-percent voting control of the company through National Amusements' holdings of Viacom's stock.
In 2002, Viacom's MTV Networks International bought independently run Dutch music video channel TMF, which at the time was broadcasting in Belgium and the Netherlands. In June 2004, MTVNI bought VIVA Media AG, the German equivalent to MTV. The same month, plans were announced to dispose of Viacom's interest in Blockbuster later that year by means of an exchange offer; the spinoff of Blockbuster was completed in October.
Also in 2002, Viacom acquired the remaining shares of Infinity Broadcasting radio chain, which resulted in Viacom's return to operating radio stations after it originally exited the broadcast radio business in 1997. In April 2003, Viacom acquired the remaining ownership shares of Comedy Central from then-AOL Time Warner, integrating Comedy Central into MTV Networks.
Viacom Cable
From its formation until 1995, Viacom operated several cable television systems generally located in the Dayton, San Francisco, Nashville and Seattle metropolitan areas. Several of these were originally independent systems that CBS acquired in the 1960s. The division was known as Viacom Cablevision until the early 1990s, when it was renamed to Viacom Cable. By 1995, Viacom Cable had about 1.1 million subscribers. Viacom sold the division to TCI in 1995. Viacom's cable assets are now part of Comcast.
2005 split and re-merger of CBS and Viacom
In March 2005, the company announced plans of looking into splitting into two publicly traded companies under the continuing ownership of National Amusements because of a stagnating stock price. The internal rivalry between Les Moonves and Tom Freston, longtime heads of CBS and MTV Networks respectively, and the controversy of Super Bowl XXXVIII halftime show, which resulted in MTV being banned from producing any more Super Bowl halftime shows, were also seen as factors. After the departure of Mel Karmazin in 2004, Redstone, who served as chairperson and chief executive officer, decided to split the offices of president and chief operating officer between Moonves and Freston. Redstone was set to retire in the near future, and a split would be a creative solution to the matter of replacing him.
The split was approved by Viacom's board on June 14, 2005, and took effect on January 3, 2006, and effectively reversed the Viacom-CBS merger of 1999. The existing Viacom was renamed CBS Corporation (thus restoring its pre-merger name) and was headed by Moonves. It was intended to include Viacom's slower-growing businesses, namely CBS, The CW (a merger of UPN and The WB), CBS Radio (since sold to Entercom on November 17, 2017), Simon & Schuster (to be sold to Penguin Random House), CBS Outdoor (formerly Viacom Outdoor), Showtime Networks, CBS Television Studios, CBS Television Distribution and CBS Studios International.
In addition, CBS Corporation was given Paramount Parks, which it later sold to amusement park operator Cedar Fair on June 30, 2006, and the CBS College Sports Network, now known as the CBS Sports Network.
Additionally, a spun-off company was created that took the Viacom name, which was headed by Freston. It comprised MTV Networks, BET Networks, Paramount Pictures, and Paramount Pictures' home entertainment operations. These businesses were categorized as the high-growth businesses. National Amusements continued to be the controlling shareholder of the two companies formed after the split. In September 2006, Redstone fired Freston and named Philippe Dauman as the head of Viacom.
On August 13, 2019, CBS and Viacom officially announced their re-merger deal; the combined company would be called ViacomCBS, with Bob Bakish as president and CEO and Shari Redstone as the chairperson of the new company. On December 4, 2019, the deal was completed.
Former Viacom-owned stations
Stations are arranged alphabetically by state and community of license.
Radio stations
Notes:
Two boldface asterisks appearing following a station's call letters (**) indicate a station that was purchased from Sonderling Broadcasting in 1980, which initiated Viacom's entry into radio station ownership (WAST television in Albany was also purchased through the Sonderling deal);
This list does not include stations owned by CBS Radio and its predecessors, Westinghouse Broadcasting and Infinity Broadcasting which were acquired by Viacom through its merger with CBS in 2000.
Television stations
This list does not include other stations owned by Paramount Stations Group which were acquired by Viacom through its acquisition of Paramount Pictures in 1994, nor any other station purchased by Viacom/Paramount following the Paramount acquisition and prior to its merger with CBS in 2000.
1 WTXX was owned by Counterpoint Communications, but Viacom operated the station through a part-time local marketing agreement.
Notes
Viacom was initially founded in 1971, but was reincorporated in 1986. Effective January 1, 2006, this corporate entity changed its name to CBS Corporation. The present firm known as Viacom was also established at that date and is a new spin-off company created during the CBS–Viacom split.
References
1952 establishments in New York City
2006 disestablishments in New York (state)
Predecessors of Paramount Global
Conglomerate companies established in 1952
Conglomerate companies disestablished in 2006
Defunct mass media companies of the United States
Television syndication distributors
American companies established in 1952
American companies disestablished in 2006
Mass media companies established in 1952
Mass media companies disestablished in 2006
Mass media companies of the United States
Mass media companies based in New York City
Defunct companies based in New York City
Seymour Bicknell Young Sr. (October 3, 1837 – December 15, 1924) was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from 1882 until their death.
Biography
Young was born to Latter Day Saint converts Joseph Young and Jane A. Bicknell in Kirtland, Ohio. Their uncle was Latter Day Saint apostle Brigham Young. As an infant, Seymour Young was present with their mother at the Haun's Mill massacre. They moved with their family to Nauvoo, Illinois in 1839 and then to the Salt Lake Valley as Mormon pioneers in 1850.
From 1857 to 1858, Young served as a Mormon missionary in England, working primarily in Yorkshire and Lincolnshire. They were called home to Utah Territory prematurely because of the Utah War. In 1870 and 1871 Young accompanied their father on a mission to England and Scotland; the two also preached in and visited relatives in Ohio and New York.
In 1874, Young graduated with a medical degree from University Medical College in New York City; shortly thereafter, they began practicing medicine in Salt Lake City.
In 1882, Young became a member of the First Seven Presidents of the Seventy. They became the senior president of the seven-man council in 1892, and retained this position until their death. They also became a member of the general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union.
On October 9, 1884, Young became one of the last individuals added to the church's Council of Fifty. Young practiced plural marriage and was married to two wives and was the father of 13 children.
Young died of nephritis in Salt Lake City, Utah.
See also
Clifford E. Young : son
S. Dilworth Young : grandson
Notes
References
Andrew Jenson. Latter-day Saint Biographical Encyclopedia
External links
Grampa Bill's G.A. Pages: Seymour B. Young
1837 births
1924 deaths
19th-century Mormon missionaries
American Mormon missionaries in England
American Mormon missionaries in Scotland
American Mormon missionaries in the United States
American general authorities (LDS Church)
Deaths from nephritis
Latter Day Saints from Illinois
Latter Day Saints from Utah
New York University School of Medicine alumni
People from Salt Lake City
Physicians from Utah
Presidents of the Seventy (LDS Church)
Richards–Young family
Sunday School (LDS Church) people
Erin Thorn (born May 19, 1981) is an American professional basketball player.  They are currently playing for Tarbes GB in Tarbes, France.
Born in Orem, Utah, Thorn earned Ms. Basketball honors for the state of Utah in 1999. After accepting a scholarship to Brigham Young University, Thorn was a four-year starter at shooting guard for the women's basketball team. They graduated in 2003 with a degree in Fitness and Wellness Management.
BYU statistics
Source
Professional career
Thorn was selected by the New York Liberty in the second round (17th overall pick) of the 2003 WNBA Draft, on April 25, 2003. They became a starter in 2007 after Vickie Johnson and Becky Hammon departed the Liberty. Thorn was named WNBA Eastern Conference Player of the Week for the week ending May 29, 2007.
In 2009 WNBA offseason, Thorn was signed as a free agent by the Chicago Sky and in the 2012 WNBA offseason agreed to a contract with the Minnesota Lynx. They currently play for Tarbes GB in France. In the offseason, they have been serving as an assistant coach for their alma mater, Brigham Young University.
Notes
External links
Basketball Reference
WNBA Player Profile
2003 WNBA Player Prospectus
1981 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American women's basketball coaches
American women's basketball players
Basketball players from Utah
BYU Cougars women's basketball coaches
BYU Cougars women's basketball players
Chicago Sky players
Indiana Fever players
Minnesota Lynx players
New York Liberty draft picks
New York Liberty players
Panathinaikos WBC players
Sportspeople from Orem, Utah
Shooting guards
Tarbes Gespe Bigorre players
Jenkins Bridge is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia, United States. Jenkins Bridge is located on Holdens Creek north-northwest of Hallwood. Jenkins Bridge had a post office until January 20, 2007; it still has its own ZIP code, 23399.
Emmanuel Church
At the center of Jenkins Bridge stands Emmanuel Episcopal Church, a well-preserved example of Carpenter Gothic architecture. Emmanuel Church was established in the 1850s as part of an effort to reinvigorate the Episcopal faith in the historic Accomack Parish which had largely ceased to function after the disestablishment of the Anglican Church following the American Revolution. The church was originally built in 1860 in the town of Temperanceville, Virginia (six miles east of the Jenkins Bridge). In 1887, Emmanuel was dismantled and moved to its present site in Jenkins Bridge. Emmanuel Church is considered the successor to the Assawoman Church, the original Accomack Parish Church which stood in the village of Assawoman in eastern Accomack County. Emmanuel Church preserves the silver chalice, dated 1749 and made in London, which originally belonged to the Assawoman Church. Bricks from the ruins of the Assawoman Church were also incorporated into the floor of Emmanuel's parish hall.
References
Unincorporated communities in Accomack County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Farm to Market Road 1892 (FM 1892) runs about from east of Frankston, Texas north, then east, to a boat ramp just west of the dam at Lake Palestine, near the headquarters of the Upper Neches River Municipal Water Authority which owns and operates the lake.
Route description
FM 1892 has no local street names. Rural for the most part, the landscape along the road includes rolling hills of alternating open pastures and trees. The southern portion of Lake Palestine can be seen by those traveling northbound on most of the road.
Some time after 1962 (when FM 1892 was commissioned), was when the damming and formation of Lake Palestine took place. The road serves no towns, but does connect the southern portion of Lake Palestine to the busy US 175, in the northeast part of Anderson County. One county road and one dam-area access road both intersect FM 1892, connecting more of the surrounding countryside by the lake.
History
FM 1892 was originally designated on December 18, 1951 on a route from US 281 east to a county road. On April 29, 1952, it extended to the Wilson County line; this route was transferred to FM 536 on December 17 of that year. FM 1892 was re-designated on that same day on a route from RM 473 in Sisterdale south toward Boerne. This route extended south on October 28, 1953. It was extended to US 87 on October 13, 1954. On September 21, 1955, it extended north . On November 21, 1956, it extended north . On September 27, 1960, it extended north to the Gillespie county line. On October 18, 1960, it was transferred to RM 1376. The current FM 1892 was designated on May 2, 1962.
Major intersections
The route is in northeastern Anderson County at the south end of Lake Palestine.
References
1892
Transportation in Anderson County, Texas
Nicholas James Nardacci (May 24, 1901 – August 28, 1961) was an American football halfback and quarterback. Nardacci was born in Youngstown, Ohio and graduated from Rayen High School in Youngstown. They played college football for the West Virginia University teams that compiled a record of 25–2–2 in Nardacci's three years as a starter from 1922 to 1924. They played on the 1922 team that played in the school's first post-season game and is the only undefeated football team in West Virginia history. Nardacci rushed for 120 yards and one touchdown in the East-West Bowl, played in San Diego on Christmas Day 1922, and also threw a touchdown pass, to lead West Virginia to a win over Gonzaga. Nardacci played an important part in West Virginia's rivalry games against Pitt and Washington & Jefferson. They were selected as an All-American after the 1922 season. Nardacci played one year of professional football for the Cleveland Bulldogs in the National Football League.
See also
1922 College Football All-America Team
References
1901 births
1961 deaths
West Virginia Mountaineers football players
Cleveland Bulldogs players
Afida Turner (born Hafidda Messaï on December 22, 1976) is a French singer, actor and media personality. In 2007, they married musician Ronnie Turner, the son of Ike Turner and Tina Turner. In 2011, they made a musical comeback with the singles Come With Me, followed by Born an Angel, from their studio album Paris-Hollywood.
Turner has acted in several films, including Shut Up and Shoot (2006), The Sweep (2008), Single Black Female (2009), Visions Interdites (2011) and Lumière Noire (2018).
They also starred in the stageplay Requiem for une conne (2022). In 2022, they made a musical comeback with the single Étienne.
Biography
Afida Turner was born in Auchel, France. Them father was from Algeria and their mother from La Réunion. When they were two years old, their father beat their mother to death. They lived with foster families until they were 16. They then worked as a salesperson in ready-to-wear and was once employed by the Parisian bar-lounge Buddha Bar.
In the 1990s, they started a singing career, releasing the song "Crazy About You" in 1998. They came to the public and media attention in 2002 by appearing in the second season of Loft Story, a reality show, as Lesly.
In 2002, Turner signed with Sony Music and released their first album called Rock Attitude under the name Lesly Mess.
Turner made appearances in three films, Shut Up and Shoot (2006), The Sweep (2008) and Single Black Female (2009).
In 2011, they released their second album called Paris-Hollywood, including the smash hit single Come With Me. They subsequently appeared as a guest star and host on various French TV shows.
In 2013, they played a role in the film Visions Interdites.
In 2018, they played a role in the drama Lumière Noire by Enguerrand Jouvin.
In 2022, they also star in the play Requiem pour une conne in Théâtre Trévise, which debut on January 17, 2022, with a huge success for six months. On 14 July 2022, they released the single Étienne.
Personal life
They had a relationship with Coolio lasting two years and also with American boxer Mike Tyson. In 2007, they married musician Ronnie Turner, the son of Ike and Tina Turner. They started to use the name Afida Turner.
Politics
On May 31, 2020, Turner announced their candidacy for President of France in the 2022 election.  They are running on a platform opposing police violence and in favor of the Yellow Vests Movement. If elected, they would be the first female and first African President of the Republic. However, on January 11, 2021, they announced that they were withdrawing them candidacy.
Filmography
Films
2006: Shut Up and Shoot! as Fifi Belmondo
2008: The Sweep as Bank Manager
2009: Single Black Female as Blue
2013: Visions Interdites as The Singer
2018: Lumière noire as the gynaecologist
Television
2000: H: Woman in the Sabri pub
2002: Loft Story
2009 Criminal Minds: Herself (season 4, episode 25)
2014: Un dîner presque parfait M6
2015: Nrj 12 le mag
2017: Nrj 12 le mag
2020: Touche pas à mon poste
2022: Touche pas à mon poste co-hosting with Cyril Hanouna
2022: Touche pas à mon poste co-hosting with Mathieu Delormeau
2022: Un dîner presque parfait : special guest
Music videos
2003: Shut Up cameo (Black Eyed Peas)
Discography
Albums
2003: Roc Attitude (2003)
2011: Paris Hollywood (2011)
Singles
1998: Crazy About You
2002: Pas celle que tu crois / Tu mens
2002: Vilaine fille
2003: Repose au paradis / Je t'ai en moi
2011: Come with Me
2014: Born an Angel
2022: Etienne
Theater
2022: Requiem pour une conne as Inna Star
Other endeavors
2002: Book biographie : My father killed my mom by Michel Lafon editions.
2016: Afida Turner (fragrance)
2016: MuchCouture by Afida Turner (clothing and swimmsuit line)
2019: Afida Turner jewelry collections by Stephano Andolfi
References
External links
1976 births
French women singers
Participants in French reality television series
French people of Algerian descent
Living people
French expatriates in the United States
21st-century French singers
21st-century French women
Pappas Restaurants, Inc. or simply Pappas Restaurants is a privately held restaurant chain, headquartered in Houston, Texas. Its brands include Pappas Bros. Steakhouse, Pappas Seafood, Pappas Bar-B-Q, Pappas Burger, Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen, Pappasito's, and Yia Yia Mary's.
Awards
In the December 2007 issue of Texas Monthly, Pappas Bros. Steakhouse was named the best steakhouse in Texas.
Since 2010, Pappas Bros. Steakhouse Houston has been the recipient of the Wine Spectator Grand Award. Pappas Bros. Steakhouse Dallas has held the same award since 2011.
See also
List of barbecue restaurants
List of seafood restaurants
Yia Yia Mary's
References
External links
Pappas Restaurants
Restaurants in Houston
Barbecue restaurants in the United States
Restaurants established in 1976
European-American culture in Houston
Greek-American culture in Texas
1976 establishments in Texas
Seafood restaurants in the United States
Friedrich Sturm, also Fritz Sturm (1823–1898) was an Austrian artist known for their decorative art and paintings of animals and flowers.
Life
Sturm was born on 19 May 1823 in Vienna. They started out as a student of their father, who was a porcelain and enamel painter, and then attended the Academy of Fine Arts, Vienna. They then went on a study trip to Serbia and Hungary, where they worked as a theatre artist, portrait painter and painter of church art. They turned to fresco painting and specialized as a flower and animal artist. They decorated numerous Viennese buildings with wall and ceiling paintings, and they also painted on silk for the salon of the Empress of Austria. From 1853 to 1859 they sent their pictures to the monthly exhibitions of the Austrian Art Association. With the opening of the Museum of Art and Industry in Vienna in 1868 they became a professor at the associated School of Applied Arts, now the University of Applied Arts, and headed its department of plant, animal and ornament art until 1892. Women were also allowed to take part in their flower painting classes. From 1881 to 1889 they were director of the facility. They were retired due to illness in 1892. They died on 1 November 1898 in Weissenbach an der Triesting.
The artist Georg Sturm was their son and student.
Sturm was a member of the Eintracht artists' association and, from 1861, the Vienna Cooperative of Visual Artists (Künstlerhaus) and, from 1868, a member of the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts. They received numerous awards. In 1876 they became Knight of the Franz Joseph-Order.
References
Literature
External links
Austrian painters
Artists from Vienna
Rectors of universities in Austria
Austro-Hungarian people
1823 births
1898 deaths
The Untitled Action Bronson Show was a culinary late-night talk show series on Viceland, hosted by Action Bronson, featuring numerous notable guests.
About
The Untitled Action Bronson Show was Action Bronson's third series on VICELAND, following their travel show Fuck That's Delicious, and Traveling The Stars: Action Bronson and Friends Watch 'Ancient Aliens'''. The show was VICELAND's first food-oriented late-night talk show.
PremiseThe Untitled Action Bronson Show, in contrast to other talk shows, had a very eclectic format and featured a wide array of guests from a variety of fields in each episode. For example, in many episodes, there are multiple musical guests that perform alongside the house-band, The Special Victims Unit, as well as several culinary guests who often cook alongside Bronson.
Bronson frequently brought on their longtime friends and musical and television collaborators, The Alchemist, and Meyhem Lauren, who took part in talking to Bronson's guests, assisting with preparing food, and occasionally performing a song.
In addition to musical guests, the show also featured various unconventional performers such as ax throwers, LARPers, Star Wars lightsaber fight clubs, sumo wrestlers, knitting circles, potters, haberdashery enthusiasts, fresh mozzarella makers, and more.
The show also had a number of special episodes for various holidays, and events.
Notable guestsThe Untitled Action Bronson Show'' featured numerous notable guests, such as those listed below.
Notable guests
See also
List of programs broadcast by Viceland
References
Viceland original programming
2017 American television series debuts
2018 American television series endings
2010s American late-night television series
Paolo Ugoletti (born 7 June 1956) is an Italian composer.
Biography
Composer Paolo Ugoletti was born in Brescia on 7 June 1956. They studied composition in 1973 at the Conservatory of Brescia with Giancarlo Facchinetti and Giovanni Ugolini and then at the Conservatory "Giuseppe Verdi" in Milan with Giacomo Manzoni. From 1977 to 1979 Ugoletti attended Franco Donatoni's composition course at the Accademia Musicale Chigiana in Siena where they obtain the diploma of merit.
Since 1979 Ugoletti's music has been performed by soloists such as Georg Mönch, Ciro Scarponi, Antonio Ballista, Sandro Gorli, Giuseppe Garbarino, Claudia Antonelli, Massimiliano Damerini and Piero Bonaguri. In the eighties Paolo adhered to the Italian Neo-Romanticism, albeit in a more nuanced manner than its founders [2].
In 1980, after obtaining a diploma in composition, Ugoletti spent a short period in Stockholm where they metScandinavian composers and musicians. They began their career as a teacher of composition at the Conservatories of Pesaro, Bologna and Parma. In 1987 Ugoletti was "Composer in residence" at the University of California Santa Cruz.
In 1989 Ugoletti became a professor of composition at the Conservatory "Luca Marenzio" of Brescia; at the same time they started a long-lasting collaboration with the "Sagra musicale umbra". It commissioned works such as the Gloria of the Missa Solemnis Resurrectionis, premiered in Rome on the occasion of the Jubilee 2000 and the completion of the Lacrimosa and the composition of the Amen of Mozart's Requiem in 2002.
In 1989 Ugoletti wrote chamber and solo compositions for Radio France and for the "Cabrillo Festival" (California). In the early nineties (1990–93) they dedicated themselves to the study of Irish traditional music which, in the following years, inspired the composition of numerous works linked to the Celtic world and expressiveness. Since 2000 they have been composing numerous works using soloists, choir and orchestra and inserting instruments of other musical genres: uillean pipe, tin whistle, Celtic harp, bass and electric guitar, electronic keyboards, drums.
Since 2003 Ugoletti has been collaborating on projects of the painter Rinaldo Turati realizing compositions as integrated parts of the installations of the artist
Ugoletti's compositions are published by the publishing houses Ricordi, Suvini Zerboni, Sonzogno, UtOrpheus, andKelidon Edizioni.
Compositions
Vocal music
Scarpette in fuga v. e pf.
A nascondino v.e pf.
Three irish songs v. e chit.
A white rose v. e chit.
Proverbi da G. Ungaretti v. e chit.
Mor of Cloine v. e chit.
Feary song v. e chit.
Dedicato v.e pf (Suvini Zerboni)
Tre canzoni d'amore da Jmenez v.e pf. (Suvini Zerboni)
Visor da A. Strindberg v.e chit.
To neighborhood of pause 7 poesie di E:Dickinson
Ariette da D. Abeni v. e pf. (Suvini Zerboni)
Notturni da Strindberg v. e pf. (Suvini Zerbini)
Indian Hymn da Lou Harrison v. e violoncello
Choral music
Laudate Dominum for mixed choir and chamber orchestra
Three songs for male choir
Benedica es tu for soprano, mixed choir, organ and percussion
Rorate coeli for mixed choir and string orchestra
Gloria for tenor, choir and orchestra (Sonzogno)
Compieta for mixed choir
Tre canzoni for mixed choir
Dum medium silentium for male choir
Laudate Dominum per coro di voci bianche e quartetto d'archi
Magnificat for eight-voice choir
Sine verbis pfor female choir
Who is God for male choir
Missa Gadelica for mixed choir, flute, organ and string orchestra
Cantata dei grandi alberi for soprano, male vocal quartet, pianoforte and string orchestra
Orchestral music
Doctor Faustroll soldat du Je per baritone e orchestra (Suvini Zerboni)
Grand Jeu per orchestra sinfonica
Poeme feerique per pianoforte e orchestra (Suvini Zerbini)
Argo o l'isola d'amore festa teatrale per voci coro e orchestra
Concerto per pianoforte e orchestra d'archi (Suvini Zerbini)
Serenata per chitarra e orchestra
Poemetto d'estate per trio d'archi, pianoforte e orchestra d'archi (Suvin Zerbini)
Italian Gamelan per orch.
Come Venere sorse dal mare ouverture per orch.
Partita per saxofono e orch. d'archi
Fanfara per pianoforte e orchestra di fiati
Sweet per pianoforte, saxofono, el.bass, batteria e orchestra di fiati
Chamber music
Funky duo per clarinetto e pf
Bianche fontane di luna per 2 fl., 2vlini, clavicembalo
Serenata per pianoforte e quartetto d'archi (Suvini Zerboni)
Happy dances per arpa
Al suo orologio in una notte insonne per arpa (Suvini Zerbini)
Sulla soglia dell'alveare per pianoforte e quintetto d'archi
Country Dances per ensemble di percussioni (Suvini Zerboni)
Ballata per fl,cl, vl,vla, cello, pianoforte e percussioni (Suvini Zerboni)
Finale per cl, corno di bassetto e pf
Scherzo per vl, cello e pf. (Suvini Zerboni)
Spiritual runes messa per sax soprano e organo
Dream play per voce, fl, ob, cl, tromba, corno, trio d'archi, pf e percussione
Set dance per 4 percussionisti a tastiera
Gli Orti di Epicuro per gruppo di fiati e pianoforte (Suvini Zerboni)
Affettuosi saluti per fl, ob, fag, trba, trombone, vlno e cbsso (Suvini Zerboni)
Apparizioni Fuggitive per archi e celesta (Ricordi)
Con Minime Ali sonatina per violino e pianoforte (Suvini Zerboni)
Concertino per trio d'archi, fl,, cl, percussioni e pianoforte (Suvini Zerboni)
In meum cor per voce, violoncello, pianoforte e percussioni
Blessed changes per 2 fl e cl basso
Northern lights per fl, cl, chitarra elettrica e pianoforte
Southern lights per vl , cl e pianoforte (Kelidon edizioni)
Facing north per vibrafono e marimba
For hard angels per quartetto di saxofoni
Partita per 2 tastiere
Ecstatic couples per 2 pianoforti, 2 tastiere e chitarra elettrica
Irish pilgrimage per 4 percussionisti
Meadbh's waves per 10 strumenti: s. sax, el. guitar, quintetto d'archi, pianoforte, el.bass e batteria
Icebreaker per saxofono e 2 pianoforti
Invenzioni delle Mura per 2 voci femminili, trio d'archi, sax soprano, pianoforte e batteria
Due Canzoni taiwanesi per soprano, pianoforte e quartetto d'archi
Concerto Festivo per bass trombone e orchestra d'archi
Bibliography
J.R. Jimenez, Ugoletti, Paolo, in Dizionario Enciclopedico della Musica e dei Musicisti DEUMM, Unione Tipografico - Editrice Torinese UTET, 1988, .
AA.VV., Ugoletti, in Enciclopedia della musica Garzanti, Garzanti, 1996, .
Renzo Cresti, UGOLETTI, Paolo, in Enciclopedia Italiana dei Compositori Contemporanei, Pagano-Tolmino, 1999, .
Renzo Cresti, Ipertesto di Storia della Musica, Feeria, 2004, .
External References
Opere di Paolo Ugoletti], openMLOL, Horizons Unlimited srl.
(EN), at the International Music Score Library Project, Project Petrucci LLC.
(EN), at Discogs, Zink Media.
, at Conservatorio di Musica "L. Marenzio", Brescia.
, at Milano Musica.
, at UT Orpheus.
, at Composition Today.
EN), at Free Choral Music.
References
Italian male composers
Living people
21st-century Italian male musicians
1956 births
Musicians from Brescia
Accademia Musicale Chigiana alumni
This is a list of listed buildings in Hørsholm Municipality, Denmark.
The list
2960 Rungsted Kyst
2970 Hørsholm
References
External links
Danish Agency of Culture
Horsholm
Municipal election for Lalitpur took place on 13 May 2022, with all 147 positions up for election across 29 wards. The electorate elected a mayor, a deputy mayor, 29 ward chairs and 116 ward members. An indirect election will also be held to elect five female members and an additional three female members from the Dalit and minority community to the municipal executive.
Chiri Babu Maharjan of Nepali Congress was re-elected, winning 56.5% of the votes.
Background
Lalitpur was established as a municipality in 1953. The metropolitan city was created in 2017 by incorporating wards 1 to 13 of Karyabinayak municipality into Lalitpur sub-metropolitan city. Electors in each ward elect a ward chair and four ward members, out of which two must be female and one of the two must belong to the Dalit community.
In the previous election, Chiri Babu Maharjan from Nepali Congress was elected as the first mayor of the metropolitan city.
Candidates
Exit polls
Results
Ward Results
|-
! colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Party
! Chairman
! Members
|-
| style="background-color:;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |Nepali Congress
| style="text-align:center;" |11
| style="text-align:center;" |44
|-
| style="background-color:;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |CPN (Unified Marxist-Leninist)
| style="text-align:center;" |11
| style="text-align:center;" |44
|-
| style="background-color:;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |CPN (Maoist Centre)
| style="text-align:center;" |3
| style="text-align:center;" |9
|-
| style="background-color:;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |CPN (Unified Socialist)
| style="text-align:center;" |2
| style="text-align:center;" |7
|-
| style="background-color:;" |
| style="text-align:left;" |Rastriya Prajatantra Party
| style="text-align:center;" |0
| style="text-align:center;" |2
|-
| style="background-color:;" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Independent
| style="text-align:center;" |2
| style="text-align:center;" |0
|-
| style="background-color:white;" |
| style="text-align:left;" | Vacant
| style="text-align:center;" |0
| style="text-align:center;" |10
|-
! colspan="2" style="text-align:right;" | Total
! 29
! 116
|}
Summary of ward results
Note: 1 candidate from CPN (UML) for Ward Member was elected unopposed under Dalit woman reserved seats. 10 ward member seats reserved for Dalit women were left unfilled due to lack of candidates.
Results for municipal executive election
The municipal executive consists of the mayor, who is also the chair of the municipal executive, the deputy mayor and ward chairs from each ward. The members of the municipal assembly will elect five female members and three members from the Dalit and minority community to the municipal executive.
Municipal Assembly composition
Results
Municipal Executive composition
See also
2022 Nepalese local elections
2022 Kathmandu municipal elections
References
Lalitpur District, Nepal
Lalitpur
The Menachem Begin Heritage Center is the official state memorial commemorating Menachem Begin, Israel's sixth Prime Minister. The Center is located on the Hinnom Ridge, overlooking Mount Zion and walls of the Old City of Jerusalem.
Museum
On March 28, 1998, the Knesset passed the Menachem Begin Commemoration Law as an official state memorial project to establish a Center that would preserve the achievements and legacy of Menachem Begin and serve as a Research Institute of the Struggle for the Independence of Israel and its future security and development. The Center was officially opened by Prime Minister Ariel Sharon, on June 16, 2004.
The museum tells the story of the life of Menachem Begin, from their childhood in Poland, their years as the commander of the Irgun, the Leader of the Opposition in the Knesset, and as Prime Minister of the State of Israel, by means of multimedia exhibits that include historical reconstructions and reenactments, documentary videos, interactive touch screen exhibits, presentations and surround sound narration.
The library contains books on various research areas connected to the museum, and also holds books from Menachem Begin's personal library.
Begin Prize
The Beginning Center awards an annual prize to a person or organization that has done important work for the benefit of the State of Israel and/or Jewish people. Past recipients of the prize include Ilan Ramon, the Israeli astronaut who died in the Columbia disaster; Kaare Kristiansen, a Norwegian statesman who quit the Nobel Prize Committee when the prize was awarded to Yasser Arafat; and Rabbi Avraham Elimelech Firer, founder of Ezra L'Marpeh, a society that guides people seeking medical treatment. In November 2013, it was announced that the recipient would be NGO Monitor, a watchdog organization that states it monitors organizations which claim to be safeguarding human rights while engaging in political advocacy that promotes anti-Israel and anti-Jewish sentiment.
Archives
The onsite archives collect all historical material directly connected with the life and achievements of Menachem Begin and are part of the Israel State Archive.
Research and education
The Research Institute of the Begin Heritage Center sponsors conferences, lectures and colloquia in cooperation with universities and other research centers.
The center operates varied programs and tours for students, soldiers, and youth visiting from abroad. It also offers the “Junior Knesset” educational program, for middle school pupils, to enhance civic education and the study of Israel's parliamentary system.
In June 2013, the center helped to organize a special ceremony marking Begin's 100th birthday in their hometown, Brest, in Belarus. The ceremony took place in front of the school that Begin attended as a child, Tahkemoni School on Kuybeshava Street.
Archaeological garden
Archaeological discoveries at the site of the museum dating back to the First Temple period are preserved in the Al Reich Archeological Garden, including ancient burial caves (the site called Ketef Hinnom), in which a silver scroll pendant containing the biblical Priestly Blessing () in ancient Hebrew script was found.
See also
List of Israeli museums
Tourism in Israel
References
External links
Menachem Begin Heritage Museum website
Museums established in 1998
Museums in Jerusalem
Archaeological museums in Israel
Biographical museums in Israel
1998 establishments in Israel
Heritage
Myicolidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Cyclopoida.
Genera:
Conchocheres Sars, 1918
Crucisoma Kabata, 1981
Exostrincola Ho & Kim, 1992
Myicola Wright, 1885
Ostrincola Wilson, 1944
Parostrincola Humes & Boxshall, 1988
Pengna Ho & Kim, 1992
Pseudomyicola Yamaguti, 1936
References
Copepods
Daniel-Yitzhak Levy (, born 30 September 1917, died 13 February 1995) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1965 and 1974.
Biography
Born in Ceuta, Levy studied psychology and pedagogy. They were a member of the national committee of the Zionist Federation of Morocco. They were involved in illegal Jewish immigration to Mandatory Palestine, before making aliyah themselves in 1957. In Israel they worked for Bank Mizrahi, becoming deputy manager of the Ramla branch. They were also involved in religious education.
Levy was elected head of the Ashkelon branch of Hapoel HaMizrachi, which later formed the National Religious Party (NRP), of which they became a member of the central committee. They were elected to the Knesset on the NRP list in 1965, and was re-elected in 1969, before losing their seat in the 1973 elections. Their son Yitzhak also represented the NRP and Ahi in the Knesset between 1992 and 2009.
They died in 1995 at the age of 77.
References
External links
1917 births
1995 deaths
20th-century Moroccan Jews
People from Ceuta
Moroccan emigrants to Israel
People of Spanish-Jewish descent
Israeli bankers
National Religious Party politicians
Members of the 6th Knesset (1965–1969)
Members of the 7th Knesset (1969–1974)
The George and Lola Perkins House is a historic building located in Sac City, Iowa, United States. George B. Perkins was a Wisconsin native who served as the president of First National Bank, and two terms in the Iowa House of Representatives, two terms the Iowa Senate, and Mayor of Sac City as a Republican. Lola was from a prominent local family, and was college educated. They purchased the lot that this house was built on in 1905.
The house was designed by George F. Barber of Knoxville, Tennessee, who was known for their published catalogs of house plans. The 2½-story, frame, Colonial Revival features a curved portico on the main facade and roof dormers. There is also a carriage house on the property.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016.
References
Houses completed in 1912
Sac City, Iowa
Colonial Revival architecture in Iowa
Houses in Sac County, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Sac County, Iowa
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Sir Howell Jones Williams DL JP (died 13 August 1939), was a Welsh Progressive politician and a prominent London builder. They represented Islington South on the London County Council from 1898 to 1925.
Background
Williams was born in Marioneth, Wales, but spent their adult life in London. They were a prominent builder and city council member. Williams success in London did not remove them from their Welsh roots. They were an active member of the London Welsh community; this is highlighted by their 1923-1924 presidency of the London Welsh Trust. Additionally, they acted as the Sheriff of Merionethshire in 1917.
Williams was married and had three sons.
Their sons were Howell Williams (circa 1895), Captain Arthur Ifor Meakin Williams (1895 - 9 October 1918), Meyrick Richard M Williams (1900 - 1967)
Building
Some of the more noteworthy buildings constructed by Williams are the Daily Mail and Evening News Offices on the Thames Embankment, Rotherhithe Town Hall, and a substantial number of buildings along Gray's Inn Road. Of particular note are buildings for the Benchers of Gray's Inn and the London Welsh Centre.
The London Welsh Centre was built on a 15,000 square foot lot that Williams purchased for this purpose. Upon completion of the building, they gifted it to the Young Wales Association for their use.
While not constructed directly by Williams, the David's Wing of the Royal Northern Hospital was built with donations from Williams. With donations of £158,000, Williams was the hospitals the largest benefactor. The building has since been demolished but a memorial wall of plaques remains; one of these plaques recognizes Williams' contribution to the building.
Political career
Williams was a Progressive candidate for the Rotherhithe division of Southwark, at a by-election on 31 March 1894. They were elected to the London County Council (LCC), holding the seat for the party. They served until the full elections in 1895. They were a Progressive candidate for the Islington South division at the 1898 LCC elections. They were elected, holding the seat for the party. They were re-elected for Islington South at the next seven elections. They were a Justice of the Peace in the County of London. They were a Deputy Lieutenant and served as High Sheriff of Merionethshire from 1917–18. They were knighted in 1921. They were Deputy Chairman of the London County Council in 1921.
Electoral record
References
1939 deaths
Progressive Party (London) politicians
High Sheriffs of Merionethshire
Dynamic Syntax (DS) is a grammar formalism and linguistic theory whose overall aim is to explain the real-time processes of language understanding and production, and describe linguistic structures as happening step-by-step over time. Under the DS approach, syntactic knowledge is understood as the ability to incrementally analyse the structure and content of spoken and written language in context and in real-time. While it posits representations similar to those used in Combinatory categorial grammars (CCG), it builds those representations left-to-right going word-by-word. Thus it differs from other syntactic models which generally abstract way from features of everyday conversation such as interruption, backtracking, and self-correction. Moreover, it differs from other approaches in that it does not postulate an independent level of syntactic structure over words.
DS emerged in the late 1990s and early 2000s through the work of prominent figures such as Ruth Kempson, Ronnie Cann, Wilfried Meyer-Viol and Dov Gabbay. The first monograph-length work in the framework was released in 2001 under the title Dynamic Syntax: the flow of understanding. It was embedded in wider trends in linguistic thinking of the 20th century, especially in syntax, semantics, pragmatics and phonology. The Dynamics of Language (2005) by Ronnie Cann, Ruth Kempson and Lutz Marten followed on from the 2001 title and expanded the discussion and empirical coverage of the framework.
Subsequent years saw an expansion of the empirical coverage of the framework to modelling structures in Japanese, Korean, dialects of Modern Greek, Medieval Spanish and a variety of Bantu languages including Swahili, Rangi and siSwati. More recent work has also explored the way in which the framework can naturally be expanded to model dialogue.
Theoretical assumptions
While most grammar formalisms characterise properties of strings of words, in Dynamic Syntax it is propositional structure which is characterised. Propositional structure is modelled through recourse of binary semantic trees. Propositional structure is built up on a strictly incremental manner on a left-to-right basis and is represented through processes of tree growth. Under this framework, syntactic knowledge is considered to be the knowledge to parse/process strings in context. A consequence of this is that it is not just the final tree that is important for representational purposes, but all of the intermediate stages of the parsing/production process. Similarly, since the trees represent propositions, the same tree represents the same proposition (albeit represented through different sentences) from different languages.
The framework assumes a single level of representation. This contrasts with frameworks such as Lexical Functional Grammar in which multiple structures are posited. Similarly, no movement operations are considered necessary, unlike in Minimalism or other Generative approaches.
Parts of the formalism
Dynamic Syntax constitutes several core components: semantic formulae and composition calculus (epsilon calculus within typed lambda calculus), trees (lambda application ordering), and tree building actions (lexical and computational actions).
Semantic formulae and compositional calculus
The semantic formulae which classical Dynamic Syntax generates are a combination of Epsilon calculus formulae and Lambda calculus terms (in recent years DS-TTR has been developed alongside DS where Record Types from the formalism Type Theory with Records (TTR)) are used - see Purver et al. (2011).
The formulae are either simple first order logic constants such as , predicate terms such as or functions such as . Normal lambda calculus substitution (-reduction) means a function can be applied to a simple term to return a predicate such that . The Epsilon calculus extension to first order logic is implemented in quantifiers, where , e.g. the string "a boy" may result in the formula being generated.
Tree growth
One of the basic assumptions behind DS is that natural language syntax can be seen as the progressive accumulation of transparent semantic representations with the upper goal being the construction of a logical propositional formula (a formula of type t). This process is driven by means of monotonic tree growth, representing the attempt to model the way information is processed in a time-linear, incremental, word-to-word manner. Tree growth is driven by means of requirements (indicated by the question mark (?)).
Tree growth can take place in three ways: through computational rules, lexical input and pragmatic enrichment.
Computational rules involve an input and an output. These are considered to be universally available across languages. Given the right input the corresponding computational rule can – although need not – apply. This contrasts with lexical input which is lexically supplied and therefore language-specific.
The language of trees
The language of representation in Dynamic Syntax consists of binary trees. These trees are underpinned by the Logic Of Finite Trees (LOFT, Blackburn & Meyer-Viol 1994). LOFT is an expressive modal language that allows statements to be made about any treenode from the perspective of any treenode. LOFT uses two basic tree modalities, the up and down arrow relations. These correspond to the daughter and mother relations. Left nodes are addressed as 0 nodes and right nodes are 1 nodes. By convention, nodes on the left correspond to argument nodes, i.e. nodes in which arguments are represented, whereas right nodes correspond to the functor nodes, i.e. nodes in which all the various types of predicates are represented. The rootnode is given the treenode address 0 and it is defined as the sole node that does not have a mother node.
Conference series
The First Dynamic Syntax conference was held at SOAS University of London in April 2017. Prior to this there was a meeting of mainly Dynamic Syntax practitioners at Ghent University in Belgium. The Second Dynamic Syntax Conference was held at the University of Edinburg in 2018. The 3rd Dynamic Syntax conference was held at the University of Malta in May 2019. The 4th Dynamic Syntax conference was originally planned to be held at the University of Oxford in May 2020 but was postponed and converted into an online event held on June 1st 2021.
A Dynamic Syntax course was held at ESSLLI in 2019. A PhD course was supposed to take place at Bergen University in May 2020, but was converted into an online course that took place in 2021. Dynamic Syntax has been taught at institutions around the world including SOAS, King's College London, the University of Essex in the UK, as well as at institutions in China. Abralin also offered a course in Dynamic Syntax in 2022.
References
Sources
Blackburn, Patrick and Wilfried Meyer-Viol. 1994. Linguistics, Logic and Finite Trees. Logic Journal of the IGPL. 2(1): 3–29.
Cann R, R Kempson, L Marten (2005) The dynamics of language. Oxford: Elsevier.
Kempson R, W Meyer-Viol, D Gabbay (2001) Dynamic syntax. Oxford: Blackwell.
Kempson, Ruth M., Eleni Gregoromichelaki, and Christine Howes, eds (2011). The dynamics of lexical interfaces. CSLI Publications/Center for the Study of Language and Information.
Dynamic Syntax website
Grammar frameworks
Paul Claes (born 30 October 1943) is a Flemish scholar, writer, poet and translator.
Born in Leuven, Claes graduated in classical literature and Germanic philology (Dutch and English). They obtained a PhD in 1981, with a dissertation De mot zit in de mythe on references to classical texts in the works of Hugo Claus. They worked at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven and the Catholic University of Nijmegen.
They wrote the script for Reynaert de Vos (1973-1974), a satirical newspaper comic based on Reynard the Fox, drawn by hugOKÉ.
Claes made their debut as a poet in 1983 with sonnets in De zonen van de zon. Their translation of T.S. Eliot's "The Waste Land" (2007) includes a comprehensive commentary and a new interpretation. "La clef des Illuminations" (2008) is a new interpretation of Arthur Rimbaud's masterpiece. "Concatenatio Catulliana" (2002) proposes a new theory about the arrangement of Catullus' "Carmina".
Het netwerk en de nevelvlek (1979)
De zonen van de zon (1983)
Claus-reading (1984)
De mot zit in de mythe (1984)
'Hans Favery. Een (de)constructie' (1985)
De Kwadratuur van de Onyx (1986)
Claus quadrifrons (1987)
Echo's echo's. De kunst van de allusie (1988)
Rebis (1989)
Het laatste boek (1992)
De Sater (1993)
Gezelle gelezen (1993 [i.e. 1992])
Embleem (1994)
Mimicry (1994)
Raadsels van Rilke (1995)
De zoon van de Panter (1996)
De phoenix (1998)
De gulden tak (2000)
Glans (2000)
De kameleon (2001)
Het Hart van de Schorpioen (2002)
De Lezer (2003)
Lily (2003)
Sfinx (2004)
Psyche (2006)
Plastic Love (2013)
De haas en de regenboog (2016)
Awards
1984 - Prijs voor de Kunstkritiek
1985 - Literaire Prijs van de stad Antwerpen
1991 - Driejaarlijkse Belgische Staatsprijs voor het essay
1996 - Martinus Nijhoff prijs
2002 - Multatuli Prize
See also
Flemish literature
Sources
Paul Claes (in Dutch)
Paul Claes (in Dutch)
1943 births
Living people
Flemish writers
Belgian comics writers
Belgian translators
Dutch–English translators
English–Dutch translators
French–Dutch translators
Latin–Dutch translators
Translators of Ancient Greek texts
Writers from Leuven
KU Leuven alumni
KU Leuven faculty
Radboud University Nijmegen faculty
Kaintiba Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Gulf Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Bema
02. Mine
03. Wimka
04. Wempango
05. Kaingo
06. Hambia
07. Yemepango
08. Hawabango
09. Karangea
10. Kwoi'amunga
11. Kengo
12. Hapataewa
13. Kaintiba Station
14. Ikose
15. Yakitangwa
References
Local-level governments of Gulf Province
, also known simply as Chloe, is a fictional character from the Tekken fighting game franchise by Bandai Namco Entertainment, making their debut in Tekken 7.  They are a teenage girl wearing a black, pink and white kitten-themed costume, including cat ears, tail, and paws.  They are described as an otaku, having an obsession with Japanese pop culture and speaking in Japanese and English with a Japanese accent.  They are hired by G Corporation to be a mascot commercial.
Them fighting style involves a lot of kicks, twirls, and flips, somewhat like a hip-hop dancer. As shown in her, Eddy Gordo and Jack-7's own endings, she's a good actor in their idol persona, but is revealed to be mean spirited in real life. Reception for Lucky Chloe has been mixed, with some criticizing them for an "uninspired and generic" design, while other have defended them by claiming that Tekken has had a number of more "ridiculous" characters than them
Appearances
Tekken series
Lucky Chloe is a J-pop sensation, devotion Otaku and the face of the G Corporation brand. When Eddy Gordo burst into G Corp and took out guard after guard with dance-like techniques, Chloe fearlessly walked right up to them and blocked their path.
They threw the man one of their trademark smiles and issued them a challenge: Fight her, and if they lose he'll have to work as their backup dancer. Without caring if he'd accepted the conditions or not, they prepared for battle, and enters the King of Iron Fist Tournament 7. The tournament veteran, Interpol's detective Lei Wulong happens to be their fan.
Design and gameplay
Chloe was designed by Yūsuke Kozaki, a character designer who had also worked on Fire Emblem Awakening and the No More Heroes series. The character's revelation drew complaints from forums such as NeoGAF, with some going so far as to ask director Katsuhiro Harada to remove the character from the game. Others, meanwhile, called out the character for being a fish out-of water conception or drew comparisons with characters from other fighting game series, Harada tweeted that they would consider to make Chloe exclusive for the Asian and European versions and a make well-muscled skinhead for the North American market; though the tweet was later clarified as a joke, as several game outlets apparently took the comment seriously.
Chloe's fighting style is Freestyle Dance. According to the German edition GamePro, "Chloe kills the life energy of their opponents with their nimble Mids and Lows bit by bit - a comparatively aggressive character, whose fighting style meets their cat costume."
Merchandise
A scale statue of Lucky Chloe was released in July 2016 by Kotobukiya. The artwork for the statue was designed by Shunya Yamashita.
Reception
Overall reception for Lucky Chloe has been mixed, with Wesley Yin-Poole of Eurogamer observing "Lucky Chloe has already divided the fighting game community, with some criticising their Japanese idol design as uninspired and generic. Others point to the fact the Tekken series, despite being more realistic in terms of hand-to-hand combat, has a tradition of including outlandish characters, many of which are designed to appeal to a Japanese audience." Todd Black from ToonZone asked if Tekken 7 "crossed a line" by including Chloe in the game, where they added "For while fighting games may not be “realistic”, they are meant to be believable. Or at least, believable within the context of the world. If you compare Street Fighter to Tekken, you see clear differences between the fighters and their styles. But even in those worlds, what's believable, and what's not, is clear. Enter...Lucky Chloe..." Black also stated "She wasn't believable in the context of Tekken 7. Whether it was their ridiculous outfit, the fact that their hands are essentially padded (and thus won't have as much striking power as their hands without them), or even their breakdancing fighting style, fans just couldn't put stock into her." At WhatCulture, gaming journalist Scott Tailford declared them as the worst character in Tekken 7, commenting "A character that almost feels designed to annoy the hardcore set, Lucky Chloe's aesthetic is already far too influenced by the most stereotypical of eastern tween anime, but in practice, their moveset just doesn't hold up either." Tailford also criticizes their Rage Art for being "incredibly cheap," due to their "sliding" under other characters before connecting.
Gavin Jasper from Den of Geek sarcastically responded to their criticism by saying "Yes, it seems that a girl dressed as a cat just doesn't fit in with a cast of such characters as a boxing kangaroo, a man made of wood, a robot teenage girl with chainsaw hands, and...whatever the hell Yoshimitsu is." Eddie Makuch of GameSpot was more neutral about her, stating "The Tekken series is known for its quirky characters, so Lucky Chloe's outlandish design isn't much of a surprise." In a list of characters more "ridiculous" than Chloe, Eurogamer's Aoife Wilson spoke in defense of her, noting that they like "flippy kick-ass fighters", while also praising their "adorable" attitude. In a review of Tekken 7 by Game Revolution, James Kozanitis opined that Chloe "is sure to be a fan favorite," citing their obsession with the Japanese culture.
Despite the more negative criticism they have received in North America, Harada stated in 2020 that Lucky Chloe has been used in Tekken 7 more in North America than any other region.
References
Dancer characters in video games
Female characters in video games
Fictional gymnasts
Fictional dancers
Otaku in fiction
Teenage characters in video games
Tekken characters
Woman soldier and warrior characters in video games
Video game characters introduced in 2015
Catgirls
Engineering information management (EIM) is the business function within Product Development and specifically Systems Engineering that allows engineers to collaborate on a Single Source of Truth of engineering data.
Contrary to Product Data Management (PDM) and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM), its main purpose is not storage of CAD-related drawings and files, but rather the full execution of the V-Model for hardware development, complementing and integrating to the above mentioned systems.
Scope
EIM Systems enable collaboration on all important aspects of the Engineering Lifecycle, such as:
Requirements Management
Functional Design
Product Architecture
Detailed Systems Design & Simulation
Verification & Validation
Documentation
EIM systems implement the activities on both sides of the engineering V-Model. Instead of being purely a data storage, it focuses also on the human interaction with the models and data, thus enabling Concurrent Engineering.
EIM therefore enables the optimization of products and engineering processes, where traditional methodologies have become ineffective in keeping up with rising product and process complexity.
Interactions with the other Engineering Management systems
EIM Systems do directly and indirectly interact with other tools in the engineering information infrastructure, such as:
Computer Simulation tools
Automated Hardware Testing Tools
PLM and PDM Systems
ERP Tools
MES Systems
MCAD and ECAD tools
References
Product development
Systems engineering
Information management
Paul Odlin (born 19 September 1978) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist, best known for winning the 2012 New Zealand national championship in the individual time trial. Odlin currently runs the coaching business Odlin Cycle Coaching, helping New Zealand cyclists gain success.
Major results
Sources:
2003
9th Time trial, National Road Championships
2005
1st Stage 4 Tour de Vineyards
2007
2nd Main Divide Cycle Race
3rd Overall Tour of Canterbury
1st Stage 1
3rd Road race Oceania Cycling Championships
4th Time trial, National Road Championships
2008
1st Stage 1 Tour de Vineyards
1st Stage 5 New Zealand Cycle Classic
8th Overall Tour of Southland
National Road Championships
2nd Time trial
10th Road race
Oceania Cycling Championships
3rd Road race
4th Time trial
2009
4th Time trial, National Road Championships
2010
6th Time trial, National Road Championships
2011
6th Time trial, National Road Championships
9th Overall Tour of Southland
2012
1st Time trial, National Road Championships
Oceania Cycling Championships
1st Road race
2nd Time trial
2013
Oceania Cycling Championships
1st Time trial
1st Sprint classification New Zealand Cycle Classic
2nd Time trial, National Road Championships
2014
4th Time trial, National Road Championships
2015
7th Time trial, National Road Championships
2016
5th Time trial, National Road Championships
2017
8th Time trial, National Road Championships
2018
5th Time trial, National Road Championships
8th Overall Tour of Southland
References
External links
Living people
New Zealand male cyclists
1978 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Marc Clark (20 October 1923 – 12 September 2021) was a British-born Australian academic, sculptor and printmaker.
Clark's sculptures can be found in parks in Melbourne, Sydney and Canberra in Australia and in Tonga.
Early life
Marc Clark was born in Surrey, England in October 1923. At age 14, they enrolled in the Sydney Cooper School of Art in Canterbury, England, where they studied for four years.
During World War II, Clark served with the 9th Queens' Royal Lancers of the British Army in North Africa, Sicily, Italy and Austria. In 1948, they enrolled in the Royal College of Art (RCA). In 1951, Clark received a one-year travelling Scholarship from the RCA, which they spent in France.
Teaching
After graduation from RCA, Clark lectured at the Watford College of the Arts from 1953 to 1962. They then moved to Australia, when they taught basic design at the Caulfield Institute of Technology. After six months, Clark was appointed Master of Drawing at the National Gallery of Victoria Art School. Clark introduced Clay Portraiture and lectured in Human Anatomy.
When the new Victorian College of the Arts introduced a school of sculpture, Clark was appointed Senior Lecturer. During their decades at the college, they frequently served as Dean of the Art School.
Clark retired from the college in 1984 and moved to Queensland. They continued to work as a Visiting Lecturer at several schools, including Dandenong TAFE, Melbourne University, Hervey Bay Senior College, and Deakin University over various periods. They retired from lecturing in 2007.
Work
Sasha Grishin said about Clark: "A major preoccupation with their art has been with the notion of timelessness, an art which more that commemorate an individual person's ego or freeze an historical event in time."After finishing their studies at RCA, Clark produced sculptures including Peter Cheyney's hands and a death mask of Evan Walters.
Clark's monumental works in Australian parks and gardens include the Sculpture of Captain James Cook in Fitzroy Gardens in Melbourne, Victoria. In 1971 they were commissioned by the Government of Tonga to create a statue of Queen Sālote Tupou III. This is located at Nuku'alofa, Tonga.
A statue Edmund Barton located at Barton House, in Canberra, was the next major work completed by Clark in 1981. In 1983 Clark contributed a cast of the 'Eternal Flame' to the Rats of Tobruk Memorial in Canberra.
From 1985 to 1987 Clark was commissioned to provide three bronze sculptures.
Captain Matthew Flinders, R.N., R.N., in Mornington Park, Mornington, Victoria,
Captain William Bligh, R.N., at Cadmans Cottage, Sydney
Baron Sir Ferdinand von Mueller in the Botanical Gardens, Melbourne.
Clark's works in the Australian Federal Parliament House Art Collection include 'Alpha and Omega', 'Ancient Sites' and 'Monument to a Hero II '.
Lenton Parr commented,"Marc Clark is widely acknowledged to be a very accomplished and versatile sculptor who has created with equal assurance a succession of commissioned memorial works on a monumental scale and a large number of other sculptures more personally conceived and motivated by their own powers of observation and invention."Clark's abstract works form a human relationship to figurative expression through the portrayal of personal and human elements in geometrical forms. The bronze sculpture Stairway to Nowhere (Now in Queensland Art gallery collection) represents their own experience of the result of bombing in WW2 where functional buildings were transformed into symbols of futility. (Dr Sasha Grishin)
Personal life
Clark married their wife, Waltraud, in Melbourne, Australia in 1983.
They died on 12 September 2021, at the age of 97.
Further reading
Drawings etc. Published in Transatlantic Review (1959–77), USA, 1960.
Wrecks and Reputations, Don Charlwood. , 1978.
Encyclopaedia of Australian Art, Volume No. 1, Pages 202, 203, Alan McCulloch, , 1984.
Works of Art in Canberra A.C.T Volume 2. National Capital Development Committee, , 1985.
Sculpture Mildura, by Graham Sturgeon, 1986, .
Artists Print Making Statement – http://www.castlemainegallery.com/Exhibitions/Archive/MarcClark/clark.html
References
1923 births
2021 deaths
20th-century Australian sculptors
21st-century Australian sculptors
9th Queen's Royal Lancers soldiers
British Army personnel of World War II
British emigrants to Australia
People from Surrey
Nana Oduro Nimapau II was a traditional ruler in Ghana and Paramount Chief of Esumeja. Their official title was Esumejahene - Chief of Esumeja. They were the sixth president of the National House of Chiefs and served from 1992 to 1998. They also served as president of Ghana Musicians Union in the 1960s.
References
Ghanaian leaders
Ghanaian musicians
The Bell-Jeff Invitational is an eponymous, annual cross-country event hosted by Bellarmine-Jefferson High School in Griffith Park. Since 1973 this event has become a Southern California institution. Starting early in the morning on the last Saturday in September, the series of races over the course of the day play host to over a hundred different high school cross-country teams from across the CIF Southern Section and other sections of the state.
History
The event claims to be the longest continuous running event in Griffith Park. It was started by Bell-Jeff coach Jim Couch who remains the meet director. Over the years, famed runner and coach Laszlo Tabori has helped. Over 3,000 runners participate each year in multiple races. In 2011, the Bell-Jeff Open Race was the start of an Open division race first thing in the morning. That open race is now part of the Southern California USATF Cross Country Grand Prix, attracting adults, coaches and family members to continue in the sport. The start line for the race is named for Paul Suzuki, a long time USATF Official and starter for the race, who was killed in a tragic shot put accident at the 2005 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships.
Course
The 2.8 mile course starts just outside the Greek Theatre and winds around a set of trails on the west side of North Vermont Canyon Road (the northern portion of Vermont Avenue that leads to the Griffith Observatory) before crossing the street to what is known as "Riverside Canyon" cut into the hillside and leading to "Aberdeen Canyon." The trail drops runners onto Commonwealth Canyon Road, adjacent to the Roosevelt Municipal Golf Course. The course goes west until it reaches the Vermont Tennis Courts, where it takes another trail back to a junction at Riverside Canyon where the race retraces most of the course back to the finish line near the start. There is a 163 meter elevation gain and loss through the course. Being adjacent to Hollywood, there are many movie scenes have been shot on and around the course. The boys course record of 14:10 was set by Richard Erbes of Glendale High School in 1985. It was tied in 2011 by Bryan Guijarro of Pete Knight High School in 2011. The girls course record of 16:31 was set in 2000 by Natalie Stein from North Hollywood High School in 2000.
References
Long-distance running competitions
Cross-country running competitions
Recurring sporting events established in 1973
Foot races in California
Sports in Los Angeles County, California
1973 establishments in California
Cross-country running in California
Damjan Shishkovski (; born 18 March 1995) is a Macedonian professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club Doxa and North Macedonia national football team, as a goalkeeper.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
Macedonian footballers
North Macedonia youth international footballers
North Macedonia under-21 international footballers
North Macedonia international footballers
FK Rabotnički players
K.A.A. Gent players
FC Lahti players
Rovaniemen Palloseura players
Macedonian First Football League players
Veikkausliiga players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Macedonian expatriate footballers
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Modern Institute of Engineering & Technology, popularly known as MIET, is a private institute located at Bandel, Hooghly in West Bengal. The college was established in the year 2010 under the aegis of the Badal Deb Memorial Educational Foundation.The institute is approved by All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) and affiliated to Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology (formerly WBUT).
Disciplines
The Institute conducts 4 years B. Tech. Degree courses in: Computer Science and Engineering (CSE), Electronics and Communication Engineering (ECE), Electrical Engineering (EE), Civil Engineering (CE), Mechanical Engineering (ME).
In the academic year 2014-15, MIET has introduced diploma programme in Electrical Engineering (DEE) and Mechanical Engineering(DME) under the auspices of West Bengal State Council of Technical Education.
Facilities
The institute has a library, which- besides books, journals, magazines & newspapers – houses a 100-seater reading room. The current repertoire is 16857 books (1354 titles) for B.Tech. and 2655 books (158 titles) for Polytechnic.
MIET operates its own fleet of buses and cars for the ease of travel from and to Bandel Railway station for students, parents, staff, faculty and guests. These ply at regular intervals during morning and evening hours under strict supervision.
See also
References
External links
http://www.mietcollege.org
Engineering colleges in West Bengal
Universities and colleges in Hooghly district
2010 establishments in West Bengal
Educational institutions established in 2010
Burt James Totaro, FRS (b. 1967), is an American mathematician, currently a Professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, specializing in algebraic geometry and algebraic topology.
Education and early life
Totaro participated in the Study of Mathematically Precocious Youth while in grade school. After spending two years at Moorestown High School in New Jersey, they enrolled at Princeton University at the age of thirteen, becoming the youngest first-year student in its history. They scored a perfect 800 on the math portion and a 690 on the verbal portion of the SAT-I exam at the age of 12. They graduated in 1984 and went on to graduate school at the University of California, Berkeley, receiving their Ph.D. in 1989.
Career and research
Since 2009, they have been one of three managing editors of the journal Compositio Mathematica; they are also on the editorial boards of Forum of Mathematics, Pi and Sigma, the Journal of the American Mathematical Society, and the Bulletin of the American Mathematical Society. In 2012, they became a Professor in the UCLA Department of Mathematics.
Totaro's work is influenced by the Hodge conjecture, and is based on the connections and application of topology to algebraic geometry. Their work has applications in a number of diverse areas of mathematics, from representation theory to Lie theory and group cohomology.
Selected works
Recognition
In 2000, they were elected Lowndean Professor of Astronomy and Geometry at the University of Cambridge. In the same year, they were awarded the Whitehead Prize by the London Mathematical Society.
In 2009, Totaro was elected Fellow of the Royal Society. They were included in the 2019 class of fellows of the American Mathematical Society "for contributions to algebraic geometry, Lie theory and cohomology and their connections and for service to the profession".
References
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
Algebraic geometers
Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Whitehead Prize winners
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
Cambridge mathematicians
Lowndean Professors of Astronomy and Geometry
Moorestown High School alumni
People from Moorestown, New Jersey
Princeton University alumni
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Living people
1967 births
Topologists
Boniface Merande (born 13 February 1962) is a retired Kenyan long-distance runner, who represented their native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. Four years later they finished in 14th position in the 1992 Olympic Marathon.
They finished seventh at the 1993 World Championships in 2:18:52 hours. They also won a bronze medal in 3000 metres steeplechase at the 1989 African Championships and finished 14th at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Achievements
All results regarding marathon, unless stated otherwise
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
Kenyan male long-distance runners
Kenyan male steeplechase runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Kenya
Kenyan male cross country runners
Rockenhausen is a former Verbandsgemeinde ("collective municipality") in the Donnersbergkreis, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. The seat of the Verbandsgemeinde was in Rockenhausen. On 1 January 2020 it was merged into the new Verbandsgemeinde Nordpfälzer Land.
The Verbandsgemeinde Rockenhausen consisted of the following Ortsgemeinden ("local municipalities"):
Former Verbandsgemeinden in Rhineland-Palatinate
North Palatinate
Soso Tamarau (born 16 May 1984) is a Nigerian freestyle wrestler. At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the Men's freestyle -97 kg.
In 2021, they competed at the 2021 African & Oceania Wrestling Olympic Qualification Tournament hoping to qualify for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Nigeria
Wrestlers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Nigeria
Wrestlers at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
African Games gold medalists for Nigeria
African Games silver medalists for Nigeria
African Games medalists in wrestling
Competitors at the 2015 African Games
Competitors at the 2019 African Games
African Wrestling Championships medalists
20th-century Nigerian people
21st-century Nigerian people
This is a list of counties of Scotland created by the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1889 and abolished in 1975 by the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973. The list includes the county town, area, and population density.
Counties
Cities
Historically cities were parts of larger counties. Edinburgh was in Midlothian, Aberdeen in Aberdeenshire, and Glasgow in Lanarkshire (although parts of greater Glasgow extended into other counties, e.g. Dunbartonshire and Renfrewshire).
See also
Counties of Scotland
List of counties of Scotland by area in 1951
List of counties of Scotland by population in 1951
List of counties of Scotland by population in 1971
List of Scottish counties by highest point
List of Scottish council areas by area
List of Scottish council areas by highest point
Notes
References
"Scotland Table 1" A Vision of Britain. Retrieved 27 December 2007.
Keay, J. & Keay, J. (1994) Collins Encyclopaedia of Scotland. London. HarperCollins.
"Scotland Table 1" A Vision of Britain. Retrieved 27 December 2007.
The 1912 Canton Professionals season was their fourth season in the Ohio League. The team finished with a record of 7–4.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Pro Football Archives: 1912 Canton Athletic Club
Canton Bulldogs seasons
Canton Bulldogs
Canton Bulldogs
The Heiltsuk are a First Nations people of British Columbia.
Heiltsuk may also refer to:
Heiltsuk-Oowekyala language, a Wakashan language spoken in British Columbia
Heiltsuk dialect, a dialect of Heiltsuk-Oowekyala spoken by the Heiltsuk people
Heiltsuk Nation, the tribal government representing the Heiltsuk
Nicole Henderson may refer to:
Nicole Henderson, character in The Great Mom Swap
Nicole Henderson, character in Almost Summer
Willie Bouyer (born September 24, 1966) is a former American football wide receiver. They played for the Seattle Seahawks in 1989, the Birmingham Fire from 1991 to 1992 and for the Sacramento Gold Miners from 1993 to 1994.
References
1966 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Michigan State Spartans football players
Seattle Seahawks players
Birmingham Fire players
Sacramento Gold Miners players
Sant'Agata dei Goti is a church in Rome, Italy, dedicated to the martyr Agatha of Sicily. It is the diaconia assigned to Cardinal Raymond Leo Burke, patron of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. (It became pro hac vice title in 2021 when Cardinal Burke opted to become a cardinal priest.)
History
The church was built by Ricimer for the Goths c. 460. The Goths were Arians, so when Arianism was suppressed in Rome, the building was taken over by the Catholic Church, in 592 or 593, and reconsecrated by Pope Gregory the Great. It was restored in the 9th century, and a Benedictine monastery was founded next to it. The apse of the church collapsed in 1589, and it was partially rebuilt in 1633, without major changes to the building itself apart from the new apse. The small courtyard outside the church was laid out at this time.
The church has been served by the Stigmatines since 1926. Their generalate is adjacent to it. It is the only Arian church that has been preserved in Rome.
Exterior
The Romanesque campanile was built in the 12th century. The façade was rebuilt by Francesco Ferrari in 1729. The relief above the door shows St. Agatha holding their severed breasts on a plate; their torturers severed their breasts when they refused to renounce their faith in Christ.
The entrance from Via Mazzarino opens on a 17th-century courtyard. From 1836 to 1926, it belonged to the Irish College. Cardinal Paul Cullen, a former Rector of the Irish College, modelled the church of the Holy Cross College in Clonliffe in Dublin on the plans of St Agatha's.
Interior
Although it was redecorated in the Baroque style and has some 19th-century additions, it is still possible to see traces of the 5th-century plan, which was a basilica with three naves. The granite columns separating the naves are ancient.
The fresco in the apse shows the Glory of St Agatha, made by Paolo Gismondi in the 17th century. A cherub bring the severed breasts of Agatha on a platter to the Virgin as an demonstration of their sacrifice. There is a 12th- or 13th-century canopy above the altar, reassembled and erected here in 1933. It has four columns of pavonazzetto marble, all decorated with Cosmatesque mosaic, and a temple roof. The former canopy was destroyed in 1589; fragments can be seen in the ceiling of the main chapel on the left-hand side.
The 15th-century Cosmatesque pavement in the middle of the nave has an unusual, but very nice, design. It is a very late example of the style. The rectangular windows were installed in the 17th century at the request of the Cardinals Francesco and Antonio Barberini. By the altar of St Agatha is a large statue of the saint.
Ricimer, who was buried in the church, had a mosaic installed. This was unfortunately destroyed in 1589, when the apse collapsed. The Greek humanist John Lascaris (died 1535) is interred in the church and the heart of Daniel O'Connell, the 'Liberator' (died Genoa 1847), is buried here. The heart disappeared in vague circumstances during renovation work around 1925.
Liturgy
The feast of the Greek martyrs whose relics are preserved here is on 2 December. It is usually celebrated with an evening Mass with the liturgy of the Byzantine Catholic rite.
Other important feasts are that of St Agatha on 5 February and St Gaspar Bertoni, founder of the Stigmatines, on 12 June.
Titulars
Pro illa vice, literally "for that turn", indicates a temporary appointment. In commendam indicates that a cardinal who holds one title is also granted oversight of another vacant title.</ref>
References
Sources
Lucinda Byatt, "Sant'Agata dei Goti on the Quirinal: An Early Sixteenth-Century Fulcrum for Politics and Learning under Cardinal Ridolfi," Conference: Early Modern Rome 1341-1667, University of California Rome, 13-15 May 2010
Burial of O'Connell's heart in Rome
460s establishments
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Italy
Agata
5th-century churches
Ostrogothic art
Churches of Rome (rione Monti)
The Significant New Alternatives Policy (also known as Section 612 of the Clean Air Act or SNAP, promulgated at 40 CFR part 82 Subpart G) is a program of the EPA to determine acceptable chemical substitutes, and establish which are prohibited or regulated by the EPA. It also establishes a program by which new alternatives may be accepted, and promulgates timelines to the industry regarding phase-outs of substitutes.
Scope
Originally, Section 612 was limited by ozone-depleting chemicals. However, after passing regulations to phase-out R134a, an HFC refrigerant with no ozone-depleting potential, this phase-out was defended by a subsidiary of DuPont siding with the EPA as it was challenged by a major manufacturer of R134a, and was struck down in 2017. This decision was upheld in 2018. In 2021, a new law was passed as part of the appropriations bill extending the EPA's scope to substances with high GWP as well.
The EPA looks at available chemical substitutes in the following industrial sectors:
Adhesives, Coatings, and Inks
Aerosols
Cleaning Solvents
Fire Suppression and Explosion Protection
Foam Blowing Agents
Refrigeration and Air Conditioning
Sterilants
Tobacco Expansion
Evaluations are ongoing as technological understanding improves, and can only prohibit substance where the EPA has determined other available substitutes that pose less overall risk to human health and the environment.
Submittal process
In order to submit new proposed chemicals, along with general contact and marketing information, for a complete submittal, the EPA requires reports on:
Impurities
Byproducts
Degradation Products
Test Marketing
Physical Properties including:
molecular weight
physical state
melting point
boiling point
specific gravity
If a blend
bubble point
dew point
If flammable
lower flammability limit
upper flammability limit
flash point
Ozone Depletion Potential (ODP)
Global Warming Potential (GWP)
VOC content
Proposed cost
Toxicity Limits
Permissible Exposure Limits (PELs)
Short-Term Exposure Limits (STELs)
Threshold Limit Values (TLVs)
Recommended Exposure Limits (RELs)
Workplace Environmental Exposure Limits (WEELs)
acceptable exposure limits (AELs)
Toxicological studies
SDS
Environmental/Health and Safety Law Review
Industry/Application-specific Use Profile
Refrigerants
One important, changing aspect of SNAP is its effect on the HVAC industry. Particularly because it decides which refrigerants may be legally used, it coordinates refrigerant phaseouts in the U.S., and which are prohibited against venting in concordance with Section 608. The following is a list of accepted refrigerants, or phase-out periods according to the EPA.
See also
ASHRAE - Standards 15 and 34 are necessary part of most submittal processes to the program
Clean Air Act - The act that established section 612
EPA - The central regulatory agency in charge of operating the SNAP program
Section 608 - Which helps enforce the chemicals listed as part of the program
Title 40 of the Code of Federal Regulations
References
External links
CFR section promulgating up-to-date provisions for Section 612
EPA SNAP Website
Air pollution in the United States
Code of Federal Regulations
Construction
Heating, ventilation, and air conditioning
Environmental law in the United States
Environmental policy in the United States
Refrigerants
Regulators of biotechnology products
United States Environmental Protection Agency
United States federal environmental legislation
The Dumbarton Bridge, also known as the Q Street Bridge and the Buffalo Bridge, is a historic masonry arch bridge in Washington, D.C.
Dumbarton Bridge was built between 1914 and 1915 to convey Q Street Northwest across Rock Creek Park between the city's Dupont Circle and Georgetown neighborhoods.
History
Proposals
Around 1905, the residents of Georgetown wanted to reduce traffic to Washington along M Street. One frequently proposed idea was to divert the water of Rock Creek through a tunnel under current-day 27th Street NW, then fill in Rock Creek's beds, and extend Georgetown's streets to Washington. Many Georgetown residents disliked Rock Creek because it was filled with stagnant water and trash. The cost of diverting and filling in the creek was estimated to be $4.5 million. Estimates to build the bridge ranged from $150,000 to $200,000, while the estimate to divert and fill in the creek and extend streets $1.3 million.
Another idea was to move the Woodley Lane Bridge to the Q Street location rather than build a new bridge altogether. Engineers determined that the cost to move the Woodley Lane bridge would be too great and the Woodley Lane Bridge would not be available to be moved until its replacement, the Connecticut Avenue Bridge, was completed.
Legislation to fund the bridge's construction was introduced to Congress in December 1910, and Congress approved it two months later. Congress appropriated $275,000 to build the bridge and $75,000 to condemn property, including a land west of Rock Creek being used as a street car yard, in order to extend Q Street to the bridge.
Construction
The bridge's design was by Glenn Brown, and the engineering design was by Daniel B. Luten.
The bridge is significant as showing the impact of the City Beautiful movement in Washington and the association of architects, engineers and sculptors with the city's new Commission of Fine Arts. The architects studied photographs of bridges around the world choosing as models a Roman aqueduct and a mountain bridge in Italy with intent to set a precedent for further city bridges. The color of the bridge's stone was intended to evoke the warm tones of Spain and Italy. Along with the buffalo theme the arches are decorated by Indian head designs by Glenn Brown based on a life mask of the Sioux Chief Kicking Bear in the Smithsonian Institution.
The curved design is due to need to match the section of Q Street NW in Dupont Circle that is slightly north of the section in Georgetown. In order to accommodate the bridge's approach and to keep the street continuous within Georgetown the Dumbarton House, then known as Bellevue, was moved about northward from its original site in the middle of the current Q Street to its present position on the north side of the Street.
The District requested bids to construct the bridge in June 1913, but none of the four bids were within the appropriated budget.
The plans were modified so that there would only be five spans rather than seven in order to save costs. The project went out to bid again in November. A.L. Guidone won the construction bid.
Its four buffalo sculptures, the largest cast in a single piece of bronze, are by Alexander Phimister Proctor, who also designed the lions on the Sixteenth Street Bridge. The budget to build the bridge was set at $275,000.
Construction of the bridge began on March 14, 1914. Construction of the bridge was completed by October 1915, although it took two more months to grade and pave the roads leading up to the bridge.
Opening
The bridge was officially opened at 4 p.m. on December 24, 1915. It was then known as the Q Street Bridge. The bridge was lit by incandescent lamps.
The Commissioners of the District of Columbia officially gave it the name of Dumbarton Bridge on June 5, 1916. According to the Commissioners' written statement, "Dumbarton bridge commemorates the name of the tract of land upon which was laid out the easterly part of Georgetown, and to which Ninian Beall received letters patent from the British crown."
The Dumbarton Bridge was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 16, 1973.
See also
List of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in Washington, D.C.
List of bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
National Register of Historic Places listings in the District of Columbia
References
External links
Buffaloes & Indian Heads statues at the Dumbarton Bridge in Washington, D.C.
Bridges completed in 1915
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Bridges over Rock Creek (Potomac River tributary)
Dupont Circle
Georgetown (Washington, D.C.)
Historic American Engineering Record in Washington, D.C.
Romanesque Revival architecture in Washington, D.C.
1915 sculptures
Stone arch bridges in the United States
The Hong Kong and Kowloon Trades Union Council is the third largest trade union federation in Hong Kong, after the Federation of Trade Unions (FTU) and pro-Beijing Federation of Hong Kong and Kowloon Labour Unions (FLU). It is affiliated with the International Trade Union Confederation.
HKTUC has been pro-Kuomintang, one of the main political parties of the Republic of China, since its establishment in 1948 and has maintained a close relationship with the party. It was the biggest rival to the leftist trade unions FTU and was seen as a rightist union. The former leader of the union, Pang Chun-hoi was the Legislative Council member for the Labour constituency from 1985 to 1995, while another seat of the two was occupied by the FTU leader Tam Yiu-chung before the handover of Hong Kong in 1997.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
National trade union centres of Hong Kong
International Trade Union Confederation
Hong Kong–Taiwan relations
Anti-communist organizations
Trade unions in Hong Kong
Three Principles of the People
Glyphipterix calliscopa is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Oswald Bertram Lower in 1905. It is found in Australia, including Victoria and Queensland.
References
Moths described in 1905
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Australia
The 1993 NCAA Skiing Championships were contested at the Steamboat Ski Resort on Mount Werner near Steamboat Springs, Colorado as the 39th annual NCAA-sanctioned ski tournament to determine the individual and team national champions of men's and women's collegiate slalom and cross-country skiing in the United States.
Utah, coached by Pat Miller, won the team championship, their seventh overall and sixth as a co-ed team.
Venue
This year's NCAA skiing championships were contested at the Steamboat Ski Resort at Mount Werner in Steamboat Springs, Colorado.
These were the ninth championships held in the state of Colorado and the fourth at Steamboat Springs (previously 1968, 1969 and 1979).
Program
Men's events
Cross-country, 10 kilometers classical
Cross-country, 20 kilometer freestyle
Slalom
Giant slalom
Women's events
Cross-country, 5 kilometers classical
Cross-country, 15 kilometer freestyle
Slalom
Giant slalom
Team scoring
DC – Defending champions
See also
List of NCAA skiing programs
References
1993 in Colorado
NCAA Skiing Championships
NCAA Skiing Championships
1993 in alpine skiing
1993 in cross-country skiing
Turtle Playground, located at 138th Street and the south side of Horace Harding Expressway in Flushing, was acquired by the City of New York in 1954 as part of land condemnations for the Long Island Expressway.
The surrounding section of Flushing historically known as Queensboro Hill provided commanding views of its namesake borough prior to its development in the 1920s as a residential neighborhood. To the south of the playground, the Mount Hebron and Cedar Grove Cemeteries occupy the former Spring Hill estate of colonial governor Cadwallader Colden and their grandson Cadwallader David Colden, who served as Mayor of New York between 1818 and 1821. The estate was developed into a cemetery in 1893.
Originally titled Kiddy Playground, this .358-acre park was renamed Turtle Playground in 1997 by Parks Commissioner Henry J. Stern. The name was inspired by a recent renovation of the playground that included the installation of turtle play sculptures along with updated play equipment, swings and game tables. The snapping turtle is among the most resilient of the urban wildlife species dwelling within the City's parks and can be found in the nearby lakes of Flushing Meadows-Corona Park and Kissena Park.
External links
Turtle Playground — New York City Department of Parks & Recreation
Parks in Queens, New York
Robert Moses projects
Flushing, Queens
The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Department of Industries (, ) is concerned with industry in the Pakistani province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is headed by the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Minister of Industries, who is a member of the Chief Minister's Cabinet. Mr. Shaukat Ali Yousafzai was appointed as Minister of Industries by Chief Minister of KP Pervez Khattak on April 1, 2014.
History
The department was created on August 14, 1973. This department's main purpose is to create jobs, promote Industrial growth, encourage sustainable development and improve standards of living for all citizens of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The department is currently headed by Secretary Sajjid Khan.
Organization
The Department is under the control and supervision of a Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Minister of Industries, a political appointee of the Chief Minister of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. The Industries Minister is assisted in managing the Department by a Secretary of Industries, also appointed by the Chief Minister, who assumes the duties of the Minister in their absence.
Structure
Minister of Industries
Secretary of Industries
Duties
The duties of the Department are to carry out approved programs and make the public aware of the objectives of the department.
List of Ministers
References
Departments of Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Ministries established in 1973
1973 establishments in Pakistan
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
Rock Rift Fire Observation Tower, also known as the Rock Rift Fire Tower, is a historic fire observation station located in the Town of Tompkins, Delaware County, New York. The tower stands at the summit of Tower Mountain at an elevation of and rises above the Cannonsville Reservoir, part of New York City's extensive water supply system. It was built in 1934 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places # 100003231 in 2018. The Rock Rift Fire Tower is also listed on the National Historic Lookout Register of the Forest Fire Lookout Association. Its listing numbers are US 1183, NY 41. The tower was transferred to the Town of Tompkins from New York State Department of Environmental Conservation in 2017. The land that the tower rests on is owned by New York City as part of their West of Hudson Watershed. The tower was decommissioned from active use in 1989.
History
The Rock Rift Fire Tower was erected in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps and was first staffed in 1935. It is a 1933 model International Derrick Co. fire tower. A characteristic of the 1933 model is nine individual window panes in each of the cab's eight windows. One panel of 9 window panes along each side of the cab can be pivoted along its horizontal midline and held open with a notched steel bar attached to the window sash. The 1933 and 1936 design of the International Derrick Fire Towers is arranged so that the flights of stairs, except for the lowest and highest, are oriented from one corner of the tower towards the corner diagonally opposite from it. This differs from the majority of fire towers in New York State. The measured heights of fire towers are given as the vertical distance from the top of the concrete piers to the floor of the observation cab. The Rock Rift Fire Tower is a tower with 97 steps from the ground pad to the cab.
New York City seized the hamlet of Rock Rift by eminent domain and evicted its inhabitants and businesses. NYC also did this in Cannonsville, Beerstown, Granton, and Rock Royal for the construction of the Cannonsville Reservoir. The water gates of the reservoir were closed in 1963 and the land on which the former homes, churches, businesses, schools stood were submerged. The reservoir was placed in service in 1965. Many of the homes and businesses of Rock Rift stood above the shoreline of the reservoir and they were also taken. Some of the roads, foundations and front stoops of the structures are still evident. The tower ceased fire lookout operations at the end of the 1988 season and was officially closed in early 1989. At the present time the tower is not safe to climb. The first set of steps has been removed to prevent injury. Restoration of the tower is planned by the Town of Tompkins.
Trail
The Finger Lakes Trail Conference constructed and maintains the trail to the Rock Rift Fire Tower. These trails cross private and New York City reservoir lands. The New York Department of Environmental Protection police patrol these areas and their regulations require permits to park in areas other than designated parking areas and hiking in areas other than designated public access trails. Portions of the trail cross private lands and are closed during big game season.
Preservation
Fire towers throughout the country are preserved and maintained for use in environmental conservation education, public outreach, and fire prevention education. These goals were always part of the mission of fire tower observers and their support network. The following quote is from the 1932 annual report of the NY Conservation Department.
... For the accommodation of hikers all trails leading to observation towers were cleaned and placed in good condition for travel. The popularity of the towers as a destination for vacation hikers results in thousands registering at them each year. The observers through these visitors have excellent opportunities to spread the gospel of care with fire in the open.
References
External links
Forest Fire Lookout Association
Town of Tompkins in New York's Delaware County
Rock Rift Fire Tower National Historic Lookout Register official web page
Fire lookout towers on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Delaware County, New York
Buildings and structures completed in 1934
1934 establishments in New York (state)
Shane Reeves is an American business person, pharmacist and politician who is the State Senator for the 14th District of Tennessee, which is composed of Bedford County, Moore County, Lincoln County, Marshall County, and part of Rutherford County. Reeves campaigned as a conservative Republican in the Tennessee State Senate District 14 Special Election in 2018. The special election was mandated because of a vacant seat created by Jim Tracy's acceptance of Tennessee Director for Rural Development with the Trump Administration. Jim Tracy endorsed Shane Reeves. Prior to entering politics, Reeves co-owned Reeves-Sain Drug Store in Murfreesboro, TN, and after selling in 2015, they founded Twelvestone Health Partners in 2016.
Early life and career
Reeves was born in Murfreesboro, TN, to Carolyn Reeves, a school teacher, and Richard Reeves, a small businessman, city councilman and former mayor of Murfreesboro. Reeves graduated from Oakland High School and attended Middle Tennessee State University where they graduated with a Bachelor of Science in 1990. They began Pharmacy School at the University of Tennessee Memphis and graduated in 1994. They returned to their hometown, and in 1995, Reeves and Rick Sain bought Reeves-Powell Drug Store from Richard Reeves and Ron Powell. The business was renamed Reeves-Sain Drug Store and closed in December 2018. Reeves and Sain sold the company in 2015. In 2016, Reeves founded Twelvestone Health Partners.
Personal life
Reeves lives in Murfreesboro, TN, with their wife, Amanda, and their three children, Will, Jack, and Emma-White.  They are a deacon at North Blvd. Church of Christ.
Political career
Reeves announced their campaign for the Tennessee State Senate District 14 Special Election on November 7, 2017. Jim Tracy endorsed Reeves November 8, 2017. Reeves won the primary election against Joe Carr, with 64.87% of the vote. In March 2018, Reeves defeated Democrat Gayle Jordan in the general election, with 71.72% of the vote. Since taking office, Reeves has joined the Senate Government Operations Committee, the Senate Judiciary Committee, and has been elected Chaplain for the 111th General Assembly. In January 2019, Reeves was appointed Vice-Chairman of the Senate Health and Welfare Committee, joined the State and Local Government Committee, and the Energy Committee. The Tennessee General Assembly has a full list of Reeves' Sponsored and Co-Sponsored Bills and Resolutions on its website.
Political Beliefs and Values
Reeves has conservative values, they believe in freedom of religion and the freedom to bear arms given in the second amendment.  They are pro-life and supports the lowering of taxes, and they are against excessive regulation and illegal immigrants. They want to combat the Opioid epidemic, child abuse, and human trafficking in Tennessee. Because of their past, Reeves believes that they are "uniquely suited to bring conservative solutions to the healthcare crisis as a pharmacist and successful healthcare business owner." Reeves also believes in the importance of education, as they supported all of the bills that were also supported by Tennesseans for Student Success in 2019.
Social media
Reeves often talks about current situations and bills that they are in support of on social media.  They are active on Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook.
References
People from Murfreesboro, Tennessee
Tennessee Republicans
Tennessee state senators
Middle Tennessee State University alumni
University of Tennessee Health Science Center alumni
Living people
21st-century American politicians
1968 births
Tre- or tref- is a place name element of Celtic origin meaning "hamlet, farmstead, estate", etc. which survives mainly in Cornwall and Wales.
The Cornish place-name beginning Tre- may be compared to the Cornish place-name beginning Bod- and the place-name endings -worthy and -cot in Devon, and -ham and -tun / -ton throughout England.
In a study by Oliver Padel of surviving place names in South-west England starting with "Tre-", including cities, towns, villages, hamlets, and individual farms, they found that almost all were situated west of the River Tamar, the natural border between Cornwall and Devon, with just a small concentration on the north-east side in Devon, near the narrower, shallower source area of the River. Padel reached two possible explanations: either Tre- names were formed at a date later than the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Devon, or Tre- names existing in Devon were superseded by new names following the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Devon (probably 7th to 8th centuries). They concluded that the striking boundary line was evidence of political and linguistic distinction at some time from the 8th to 11th centuries.
See also
Tre, Pol and Pen
List of generic forms in place names in Ireland and the United Kingdom
References
Place name element etymologies
History of Cornwall
Prefixes
The "Learn from Dazhai in agriculture" Campaign (, or in Wade-Giles Romanization Tachai) was a campaign organized by Mao Zedong in 1963. The campaign encouraged peasants from all over China to follow from the example of the farmers of Dazhai village, Shanxi, by practising self-sacrifice and upright political activity.
It grew in importance after the introduction of the Cultural Revolution, but Chen Yonggui and its other proponents were eventually eased out of power by Deng Xiaoping following the removal of the Gang of Four.
History
Slogans associated with Dazhai included: "Move the mountains to make farm fields," "Change the sky and alter the land," "Work bitterly, diligently, and with extra energy, and build our village into a Dazhai-like one in three years."
During the years until the downfall of the Gang of Four in 1976, particularly the Cultural Revolution, farmers from all over the country were organized to visit Dazhai, and well-trained tour guides took posts at important scenes to explain to visitors how the villagers in Daizhai made such achievements with their own hands. One of such scenes was the top of the Tiger Head Mountain where visitors could have a panoramic view of the farm fields, the major irrigation projects as well as the residential area of the villagers. Perhaps hundreds of millions of farmers visited the place during the period and the expenses on their trips were paid by the government.
At this time, farmers throughout China were expected to show their political zeal in following Mao Zedong's directive "Learn from Dazhai in agriculture" (""). They not only worked during the day, but at night as well, not only in the warm season, but in the depth of winter—a dramatic deviation from their age-old practice. In many places, the farmers literally—and blindly—moved hills (sometimes proclaimed as "mountains"), built reservoirs, tunnels, canals, and so on. As mental motivation, loudspeakers were installed at work sites to broadcast music and songs and films were shown at night on the scene while the farmers took a break.
Meanwhile, a number of leaders of the village made dramatic advances in their political careers. Chen Yonggui, the patriarchal leader of the village, was put to the position of vice premier of the central government despite the fact that they were only semiliterate. (Zhou Enlai was the premier of the time.) Guo Fenglian, the Dazhai party secretary, was a favorite of Jiang Qing (the wife of Mao Zedong), and played a significant part in the Chinese political scene.
This campaign was as much political as it was agricultural, and it came to an abrupt end upon Mao's death in 1976. After the victory of Deng Xiaoping over Hua Guofeng, Chen Yonggui, and others following the removal of the Gang of Four from power, Deng's economic reforms caused Dazhai to become a figure of ridicule, since it was so closely linked to Maoist communal agriculture and socialist propaganda. Claims of great success for Dazhai methods were never confirmed at other farms, and the productivity statistics may have been fraudulent or erroneous.
Today, Dazhai is a regional tourist attraction.
See also
Learn from Daqing in industry
Agriculture in China
History of agriculture in the People's Republic of China
References
External links
Lu, "Dazhai: Imagistic Rhetoric as a Cultural Instrument Xin-An Lu"
Posters about Dazhai
Poster showing the slogan
Campaigns of the Chinese Communist Party
Slogans
Maoist China propaganda
1960s in China
History of agriculture in China
History of Shanxi
Jinzhong
Martine Tabeaud (born 1951) is a French geographer and climatologist. Since 1977, they have been teaching at University of Paris 1 Pantheon-Sorbonne.
Biography
Born in 1951, Tabeaud holds a DESS in remote sensing and studied at Institut national de l'information géographique et forestière. In 2019, they were appointed co-director of the International Geography Festival (FIG). Them work appeared in Liberation.
Bibliography
La climatologie générale, Armand Colin, 2008. ISBN 9782200354237
"L'Établissement Al-Assad, ferme d'État sur l'Euphrate avant la liquidation en 2000 : quelques effets pervers d'une approche de développement top‑down", Méditerranée, 119; 2012
References
1951 births
Living people
French climatologists
French geographers
James John Miles (born 1959) is a retired Professor of Computer Engineering in the School of Computer Science at the University of Manchester where they previously are head of the school and a member of the Nano Engineering & Storage Technology Research Group (NEST).
Education
Miles graduated with a first class honours degree in Physics from the University of Liverpool in 1980. Following this they completed a Master of Science in Computational physics from the University of Salford in 1987 and PhD in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from the University of Manchester in 1990.
Research
Miles has worked at the Meteorological Office modelling the formation of storm clouds and completed research in novel anaesthetic delivery systems for BOC Medishield, now Datex Ohmeda. Since 1987 they have worked in Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Manchester School of Engineering and the School of Computer Science at the University of Manchester.
Their research interests are in magnetic materials for data storage purposes, including micromagnetic modelling of thin magnetic films for hard disks.  They are involved in the Information Storage Industry Consortium (INSIC) Extremely High Density Recording (EHDR) programme, determining the architecture and design of future 1 Terabit per square inch hard disk products and beyond.
Their research is done in collaboration with academic and industrial research groups, including Hitachi Global Storage Technologies (HGST), San Jose, California and Seagate Research, Pittsburgh, USA.
Research funding
Miles research has been funded by the Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council., European Union and INSIC. They have been involved in obtaining grant funding in excess of £3 million of which £1.6 million is in grants or awards for which they were the principal applicant. Miles is also a member of one of the groups that secured Science Research Investment Fund (SRIF) for the £1.8M Manchester Centre for Mesoscience and Nanotechnology.
Jim Miles served as Head of the School of Computer Science from November 2011 till July 2016. They retired from The University of Manchester in August 2019.
Other activities
In the University, Miles was Associate Dean for Graduate from Education in the Faculty of Engineering and Physical Sciences from 2008 to 2011. They have supervised several PhD students via the Doctoral Training Centre, the first of its kind in the UK.
In August 2017, they were responsible for the discovery of a previously-unknown collection of Alan Turing letters in an old filing cabinet at the University of Manchester.
Previously Miles has been an editor of Journal of Magnetism and Magnetic Materials and a Guest Editor of IEEE Transactions on Magnetics.
References
People associated with the Department of Computer Science, University of Manchester
Academics of the University of Manchester
Living people
1959 births
The 2019–20 Wake Forest Demon Deacons women's basketball team represented Wake Forest University during the 2019–20 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Demon Deacons, led by eight year head coach Jen Hoover, are members of the Atlantic Coast Conference and played their home games at the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The Demon Deacons finished the season 16–16 and 7–11 in ACC play to finish in a tie for eleventh place. As the thirteenth seed in the ACC tournament, they defeated North Carolina in the First Round and Virginia Tech in the Second Round before losing to Florida State in the Quarterfinals. The NCAA tournament and WNIT were cancelled due to the COVID-19 outbreak.
Previous season
They finished the season 10–20, 1–15 in ACC play in last place. They lost in the first round of the ACC Women's Tournament to Virginia Tech. The Demon Deacons were not invited to a post-season tournament.
Off-season
Recruiting class
Source:
Roster
Schedule
Source:
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| ACC regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| ACC Women's Tournament
See also
2019–20 Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball team
References
Wake Forest Demon Deacons women's basketball seasons
Wake Forest
Lynn Starling (September 13, 1888 – February 25, 1955) was an American screenwriter and playwright. Starling wrote the 1923 play Meet the Wife, subsequently adapted into a 1931 film of the same title.
Selected filmography
The Time, the Place and the Girl (1946)
Three Little Girls in Blue (1946)
It's a Pleasure (1945)
The Impostor (1944)
Footlight Serenade (1942)
Moon Over Miami (1941)
They Married Their Wife (1940)
Three Blind Mice (1938)
Women of Glamour (1937)
More Than a Secretary (1936)
Give Us This Night (1936)
Shanghai (1935)
Down to Their Last Yacht (1934)
Love Time (1934)
Cynara (1932)
Backstreet (1932)
Transatlantic (1931)
Always Goodbye (1931)
Don't Bet on Women (1931)
Dumbbells in Ermine (1930)
Oh, for a Man! (1930)
References
Bibliography
Solomon, Aubrey. The Fox Film Corporation, 1915-1935: A History and Filmography. McFarland, 2011.
External links
1888 births
1955 deaths
People from Hopkinsville, Kentucky
Kentucky women writers
Screenwriters from Kentucky
20th-century American screenwriters
20th-century American women writers
Andrea Falconieri (1585 or 1586 – 1656), also known as Falconiero, was an Italian composer and lutenist from Naples. They resided in Parma from 1604 until 1614, and later moved to Rome, and then back to their native Naples, where in 1647 they became maestro di cappella at the royal chapel.
External links
Italian Baroque composers
1580s births
1656 deaths
Italian male classical composers
17th-century Italian composers
17th-century male musicians
The ladyfish or tenpounder (Elops saurus) is a species of fish in the genus Elops, the only genus in the monotypic family Elopidae.
Description
Like other species in its genus, the ladyfish has a long, slender, rounded body covered with silvery scales. Its mouth is terminal and the tail is deeply forked. The species can be distinguished by counting the number of gill rakers and vertebrae.
Distribution
The ladyfish is distributed in the western North Atlantic Ocean from New England to Florida, and the Gulf of Mexico. Its distribution overlaps with the malacho (Elops smithi) in the southeast US and the southern Gulf of Mexico.
Biology
Like other members of the Elopidae, the ladyfish is a pelagic fish that spawns in the sea, but little is known about this marine phase. The larvae, which are transparent and laterally compressed, are dispersed inshore and enter embayments, where they live for 2 to 3 yrs. The juveniles are euryhaline, or tolerant to a wide range of salinity, so these embayments may be low-salinity estuaries or hypersaline lagoons. Subadults move into the lower reaches of the embayments, and upon maturation, proceed to offshore, marine habitats.
Threats
This species uses estuarine areas and hypersaline lagoons; changes in the quality of these habitats may affect this species' population dynamics. Although this species may not be closely associated with any single habitat, it may be adversely affected by development and urbanization.
References
Elopidae
Fish of the Eastern United States
Fish of the Western Atlantic
Fish described in 1766
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Jérôme Simon (born 5 December 1960 in Troyes) is a French professional road bicycle racer. Jérôme Simon is the brother of cyclists Pascal Simon, François Simon and Régis Simon.
Major results
1988
Briénon
Puy l'Evêque
GP de Cannes
Tour de France:
Winner stage 9
Winner Combativity award
1989
Grand Prix du Midi Libre
1991
Route Adélie de Vitré
External links
French male cyclists
1960 births
Living people
French Tour de France stage winners
Sportspeople from Troyes
Cyclists from Grand Est
"(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" is a song recorded by pop music duo Eurythmics. It was written by group members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart and produced by Stewart. The song appears on the duo's album We Too Are One.
"(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" marked two firsts for Eurythmics: this was the only single from the band which was released in the United States but not the UK and this is also the only single released by the duo to feature co-lead vocals by Lennox and Stewart. Issued as the third American single from We Too Are One, the single failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100. It did, however, chart in Canada, peaking at #58.
Lyrically Lennox sings the part of a woman asking their partner why they were "untrue" and whether they feel sorry for cheating, while they (Stewart) responds that the relationship makes them "feel sad", and they are "never coming back". The song could be interpreted as the foreshadowing of Eurythmics near decade-long hiatus, as the duo's professional relationship was strained at the time of We Too Are One's release.
Track listing
CD Single
"(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" (Single Version) - 3:58
"(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" (Remix) - 5:49
"(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" (Acoustic Version) - 2:43
7" Single
A: "(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" (Single Version) - 3:58
B: "(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" (Acoustic Version) - 2:43
12" Single/Cassette
A1: "(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" (Single Version) - 3:58
A2: "(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" (Acoustic Version) - 2:43
B1: "(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" (Single Version) - 3:58
B2: "(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry" (Acoustic Version) - 2:43
Charts
References
1990 singles
Eurythmics songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by David A. Stewart
Songs written by Annie Lennox
1989 songs
The 1999 European Baseball Championship was won by the Netherlands. It was held in Italy.
Standings
European Baseball Championship
European Baseball Championship
1999
1999 in Dutch sport
Baseball at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Timescapes: Stories of Time Travel is an anthology of science fiction short stories on time travel edited by Peter Haining. It was first published in the United Kingdom hardcover by Souvenir Press in August 1997. The first American edition was issued in hardcover under the alternate title Time Travelers: Fiction in the Fourth Dimension by Barnes & Noble Books in 1998.
The book collects twenty four novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors, with an introduction by the editor.
Contents
"Introduction" (Peter Haining)
"A Little Something for Us Tempunauts" (Philip K. Dick)
"Mr. Strenberry's Tale" (J. B. Priestley)
"All the Time in the World" (Arthur C. Clarke)
"The Instability" (Isaac Asimov)
"Time Has No Boundaries" (Jack Finney)
"She Caught Hold of the Toe" (Richard Hughes)
"The Reason Is with Us" (James E. Gunn)
"Man in Their Time" (Brian W. Aldiss)
"The Clock that Went Backwards" (Edward Page Mitchell)
"A Gun for Dinosaur" (L. Sprague de Camp)
"The Deadly Mission of Phineas Snodgrass" (Frederik Pohl)
"Of Time and Kathy Benedict" (William F. Nolan)
"Production Problem" (Robert F. Young)
"I Hear You Calling" (Eric Frank Russell)
"The Men Who Murdered Mohammed" (Alfred Bester)
"Time Intervening" (Ray Bradbury)
"The Grey Man" (H. G. Wells)
"Flux" (Michael Moorcock (and Barrington J. Bayley))
"The Greatest Television Show on Earth" (J. G. Ballard)
"Through Time and Space with Ferdinand Feghoot: XXXV" (Grendel Briarton)
"Time Bum" (C. M. Kornbluth)
"All You Zombies—" (Robert A. Heinlein)
"The Gernsback Continuum" (William Gibson)
"The Time Disease" (Martin Amis)
Notes
1997 anthologies
Science fiction anthologies
Short fiction about time travel
Souvenir Press books
Events from the year 1492 in Spain.
Incumbents
Monarch(s):
the Catholic Monarchs: King Ferdinand II, Queen Isabella I
John III of Navarre, Catherine of Navarre
Events
The Fall Of Granada
End Of The Reconquista
Alhambra Decree Issued
Jewish Diaspora Of Spain
Columbus' First Voyage
by Antonio de Nebrija, first grammar of a modern European language
See also
Spanish Inquisition
Exploration of North America
1492 in Spain
1490s in Spain
Port Sorell is an aboriginal language of Tasmania in the reconstruction of Claire Bowern. It was spoken near Port Sorell, in the center of the north coast, just east of Northern Tasmanian proper. Dixon & Crowley agree that there is unlikely to be a close connection to other varieties of Tasmanian.
Port Sorell Tasmanian is attested from two word lists: One of 268 words collected by Charles Robinson at Port Sorell, and another of only 77 words, the "Little Jemmie's" vocabulary collected by George Augustus Robinson.
References
Northern Tasmanian languages
Languages extinct in the 19th century
Edward Cotton (died 8 October 1647) was the Archdeacon of Totnes from 1622.
They were born the son of William Cotton, bishop of Exeter and brother of William Cotton. They studied at Christ Church, Oxford, matriculating 1606-7 and graduating B.A. in 1609 and M.A. in 1612. They entered the Middle Temple in 1606.
They served as rector of Duloe, Cornwall, 1611 (until sequestered 1 May 1647), and of St. Peter Tavy in 1611, becoming canon of Exeter Cathedral in 1611 and chancellor in 1613. They were also rector of Bridestowe in 1614 and of Shobroke, Devon in 1615, being collated archdeacon of Totnes in 1622.
They died on 8 October 1647.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
1647 deaths
Year of birth unknown
James Leakey (1775–1865) was an English landscape and portrait artist.
Life
Born on 20 September 1775 in Exeter, Devon, they were the son of John Leakey, who was in the wool trade. At the time of Sir Joshua Reynolds's death they were about to become their pupil.
Leakey established themselves at Exeter, painting portraits, miniatures and landscapes. They also produced small interiors with groups of rustic figures and Sir Francis Baring purchased one of those for £500. With the exception of time in London from 1821 to 1825, during which they were intimate with Thomas Lawrence, David Wilkie, and other leading painters, Leakey's life was mostly passed at Exeter. They died there on 16 February 1865.
Works
Leakey exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1821 The Marvellous Tale, in 1822 The Fortune Teller, in 1838 portraits and landscapes, and in 1846 The Distressed Wife.
Leakey was best known for their delicate miniatures, painted in oils on ivory. These brought them a local celebrity. In the Exeter Guildhall there is a portrait by them of Henry Blackhall, mayor of Exeter; also a copy by them of Reynolds's portrait of John Rolle Walter. Their portrait of John Haddy James(1788-1869), surgeon, is in the Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital. In 1846 Leakey published a plate by Samuel Cousins, from their portrait of John Rashdall, minister of Bedford Chapel, Exeter.
Family
By their marriage in 1815 with Eliza Hubbard Woolmer, Leakey had eleven children. They included Caroline Leakey the writer.
 They are the founding member of the Leakey family dynasty with branches specialising in archaeology and the military.
External links
A poem by Letitia Elizabeth Landon from The Literary Souvenir, 1826 illustrative of a picture of that name, by Leaky (sic), then in the British Gallery.
Notes
Attribution
1775 births
1865 deaths
18th-century English painters
19th-century English painters
English landscape painters
English male painters
English portrait painters
James
Artists from Exeter
Wahidullah Sabawoon is a citizen of Afghanistan who has held a variety of political and military offices.
They were one of the first and powerful commanders in resistance against Soviet occupation during 1979-1989. They have political, religious and cultural personality.
According to the Asia Times they served as a leader under Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, the founder and leader of the Hezbi Islami Gulbuddin.
However, they broke down their cooperation with Hekmatyar in 1996 and joined the Northern Alliance to resist the Taliban.
The report stated that they were arrested by police and NDS then controlled by shorae nizar (jamiat-e Islami) in late 2001, when they allegedly "called a meeting of about 150 "Islamic-minded" commanders in Kabul to determine the role of Islamic forces in the post-Taliban period." But it was a propaganda and a way for Massoud's successor General Qasim Fahim to subjugate Pashtun leaders with connection to old rivals Hezb-e Islami. After the assassination of the Northern Alliance leader Ahmad Shah Massoud, September 7, 2001 operated by Al-Qaida, instability and suspicion spread throughout the alliance, which affected hardest the pashtunes since they were associated with the Taliban. Later was cleared that their arrest was just an attempt for Shorae nizar to get rid of old rivals. Hamid Karzai later 2003 appointed Sabawoon to their cabinet and became their advisor in tribal and social affairs. Mr Sabawoon was the Northern Alliance's finance minister and for a short time, was defense minister during the mujahideen time.
On August 2, 2010, Mr Sabawoon was seriously wounded in an explosion targeting their motorcade in front of the Mian Omar High School in Jalalabad. They and five others were airlifted by a helicopter to hospital in Kabul for medical treatment. Later, they travelled to Turkey where they spent 55 days for further treatment. They said they had suffered deep wounds and was still unable to move without support (2010-10-07). The Taliban were taking responsibility for the attack.
In 2014 presidential election they made a huge campaign for presidential candidate Ashraf Ghani, who later became president of Afghanistan, and Mr Sabawoon became their presidential advisor.
Mr Sabawoon is also author of a series of books written in pashto and dari:
Afghanistan and democracy
National unity and leadership
Party tools for good politics
Human rights
Parties foundation of states
A journey full of hardships and pride
References
Defence ministers of Afghanistan
Finance Ministers of Afghanistan
Hezb-e Islami Gulbuddin politicians
Fraser Clair (born January 7, 1981) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey forward who last played for the Hannover Indians in Germany. They spent their junior career with the Barrie Colts and the Mississauga IceDogs of the Ontario Hockey League.
External links
1981 births
Living people
Ice hockey people from Alberta
Mississauga IceDogs players
Sportspeople from Edmonton
Stockton Thunder players
Canadian ice hockey forwards
The Battle of Issus (also Issos) occurred in southern Anatolia, on November 5, 333 BC between the Hellenic League led by Alexander the Great and the Achaemenid Empire, led by Darius III. It was the second great battle of Alexander's conquest of Asia, and the first encounter between Darius III and Alexander the Great. The battle resulted in the Macedonian troops defeating the Persian forces.
After the Hellenic League soundly defeated the Persian satraps of Asia Minor (led by Greek mercenary Memnon of Rhodes) at the Battle of the Granicus, Darius took personal command of their army. They gathered reinforcements and proceeded to lead their men in a surprise march behind the Hellenic advance, in order to cut off their line of supply. Alexander was forced to countermarch, and the stage was set for the battle near the mouth of the Pinarus River and the town of Issus.
Location
The battle took place south of the ancient town Issus, which is close to the present-day Turkish town of Iskenderun (the Turkish equivalent of "Alexandria", founded by Alexander to commemorate their victory), on either side of a small river called Pinarus. At that location, the distance from the Gulf of Issus to the surrounding mountains is only , a place where Darius could not take advantage of their superiority in numbers. Speculation on the location of the Pinarus has taken place for over 80 years. Older historians believed it to be the Deli Tchai river, but historians N.G.L. Hammond and A. M. Devine claim that the Pinarus is actually the Payas River, the latter using their own examination of the course of the river, which they considered would not have drastically changed since antiquity. Their evidence is based on Callisthenes' accounts of the measurements of the battlefield and distances marched by both sides' armies in the prelude to the battle and distance given by Diodorus after the battle.
Background
Alexander set out into Asia in 334 BC and defeated the local Persian satraps at the Battle of the Granicus. They then proceeded to occupy all of Asia Minor, with the idea of capturing all coastal settlements so as to negate the power of the vastly superior Persian fleet. They captured several important settlements such as Miletus in 334 BC and Halicarnassus, a siege lasting four months, starting in late December the same year. While Alexander was in Tarsus, they heard of Darius massing a great army in Babylon. If Darius were to reach the Gulf of Issus, they could use the support from the Persian fleet under Pharnabazus still operating in the Mediterranean Sea, thus easing their supply and possibly landing troops behind the enemy. Alexander kept their main army at Tarsus but sent Parmenion ahead to occupy the coast around Issus. In November, Alexander received reports that the great Persian army had advanced into Syria to a town named Sochoi. Alexander decided to mass their scattered army and advance south from Issus through the Pass of Jonah.
Darius knew that Parmenion held the Pass of Jonah and thus chose a northern route of advance. The Persians captured Issus without opposition and cut off the hands of all the sick and wounded that Alexander had left behind. Now Darius found out they had placed their army behind the Hellenic League and had cut their supply lines. They then advanced to the south and got no further than the river Pinarus before their scouts spotted Alexander marching north. Darius had to set up camp on this narrow coastal plain.
Motives
There is much debate as to the motives of Alexander and Darius preceding Issus. One modern perspective, based on Curtius, is that Darius was forced to move camp to terrain that favored Alexander because Alexander was fighting defensively due to a recommendation by their war council and Parmenion. Darius' large army could not be supported in the field during winter and their cities in Phoenicia were already in unrest at the arrival of Alexander. Darius was forced to move their large army to a small battlefield, greatly to the advantage of Alexander's smaller force.
Alexander was waiting for Darius to come south around the Amanus Mountain range because the pass Darius would have used, the Belen Pass, was much closer to Sochi and offered the quickest access to the area Alexander defended. Alexander was waiting to the west of the Belen Pass at Myriandus to spring a trap on Darius as they crossed through the Belen Pass or through the Pillar of Jonah if they moved north, where Darius' army would be disorganized and disjointed in the narrow crossing. Darius instead moved north from Sochi and around the mountains, through the Amanic Gate or another nearby pass, emerging behind Alexander's position and on their supply and communication lines. Thus Alexander was forced to march to Darius, who had caught them off guard in a large flanking maneuver. This gives the illusion that Darius was the one acting defensively, since Alexander was forced to march to him.
Combatants
Persian army
Some ancient sources (Arrian and Plutarch), who based their accounts on earlier Greek sources, estimated 600,000 Persian soldiers in total, while Diodorus and Justin estimated 400,000, and Curtius Rufus estimated 250,000.
Modern historians find Arrian's count of 600,000 men highly unlikely. They argue that the logistics of fielding more than 100,000 soldiers in battle was extremely difficult at the time. Hans Delbrück gives an estimate as small as 25,000, although most (including Engels and Green) estimate the total size of Darius' army to be no larger than 100,000 at Issus, including 11,000 cavalry, 10,000 Persian Immortals, and 10,000 Greek mercenaries. Warry estimates 108,000 in total.
Hellenic army
The size of the Hellenic army may not have exceeded 40,000 men, including their other allies, led by Alexander. Alexander's army may have consisted of about 24,000 heavy infantry (9,000 phalangites, 3,000 hypaspists and 7,000 allied and 5,000 mercenary Greek hoplites), 13,000 light infantry (peltasts, archers, slingers) and 5,850 cavalry.
Battle
The Greeks advanced through the Pillar of Jonah. Alexander led their Companion cavalry on the right flank and they set their Thessalian allied cavalry on the left of the phalanx with Parmenion in command.
Darius formed their line with their heavy cavalry concentrated next to the coast on their right, followed by the Greek mercenary phalanx (historian A. M. Devine places them at a strength of 12,000, comparable to Alexander's Greek phalanx). Next to the Greek phalanx Darius spread their Persian infantry, the Cardaces, along the river and into the foothills, where they wrapped around to the other bank and threatened Alexander's right flank (the formation resembled gamma, Γ). Arrian gives an inflated figure of 20,000 to these troops. Darius positioned themselves in the centre with the Greek mercenaries, their royal cavalry guard, and their best infantry. According to some historians, like P. Stratikis, they were trying to replicate the Hellenic battle formation of the Battle of the Granicus.
The Persian cavalry first charged Parmenion and the allied cavalry, crossing the river to open battle. Alexander's right wing became the crux of the battle, as at Gaugamela two years later, where Parmenion held the left wing long enough against superior Persian numbers for Alexander to make their calculated cavalry strike against Darius and break the Persian army. The infantry of the Greek left flank was commanded by the general Craterus, in a promotion from their position commanding a single brigade of pezhetairoi infantry at the Granicus.
Things did not go well for the Macedonians in the beginning. Their center phalanx, having to advance across a river and up a fortified bank, suffered severely against the Greek mercenaries waiting for them on the other side. Arrian noted that a hundred and twenty Macedonians “of note” (probably meaning officers) were slain here, and the Macedonians were forced to retreat across the river. In the left flank, the Thessalian struggled against the outnumbering mass of Persian heavy horse that faced them, delivering charges and retreating again to buy time.
Then the Hypaspists led by Alexander on foot delivered an assault on the Cardaces, and managed to punch a hole through the Persian line. The Agrianians too drove back a mass of Persian skirmishers menacing Alexander's far right, securing the flank of the Companions. Alexander then mounted a horse at the head of their Companions and led a direct assault against Darius and their bodyguards, causing them to flee from the battlefield. Alexander then saw their left flank and center in trouble, and allowing Darius to flee, they crashed into the rear of the Greek mercenaries. The Greek mercenaries broke up and started retreating from the battlefield as well. The Persians saw that their Great King had gone and that the battle was being lost, and they abandoned their positions and fled in full rout. The Hellenic cavalry pursued the fleeing Persians for as long as there was light. As with most ancient battles, significant carnage occurred after the battle as the pursuing Greeks slaughtered their crowded, disorganized foe. Arrian notes Ptolemy mentioning that while pursuing Darius, Alexander and their bodyguards came upon a ravine which they easily crossed on the piled up bodies of dead Persians. It was a decisive victory for Alexander.
Aftermath
The Battle of Issus was a decisive Hellenic victory and it marked the beginning of the end of Persian power. It was the first time the Persian army had been defeated with the King (Darius III at the time) present. After the battle, the Hellenes captured Darius' wife, Stateira I, their daughters, Stateira II and Drypetis, and their mother, Sisygambis, all of whom had accompanied Darius on their campaign. Alexander, who later married Stateira II, treated the captured women with great respect.
Later, the Spartan king Agis III recruited the Greek mercenary survivors of the Battle of Issus who had served in the Persian army, a force of 8,000 veterans, and used them in their fight against the Macedonians. In the summer of 331 BC, Agis defeated Coragus, the Macedonian general in command of the Peloponnese and the garrison of Corinth, but was finally defeated at the Battle of Megalopolis.
Depictions of the battle
German Renaissance painter and printmaker Albrecht Altdorfer (c. 1480–1538) dramatically depicted the battle in their 1529 painting The Battle of Alexander at Issus.
The Battle of Issus (c. 1599–1600) by Jan Brueghel the Elder (1568–1625) hangs in the Louvre.
American Abstract Expressionist painter Cy Twombly diagrammed the battle in their 1968 painting Synopsis of a Battle.
The 2004 Oliver Stone film Alexander combined elements of the Battle of the Granicus, Issus, and Gaugamela all together, labeled as the Battle of Gaugamela.
Contemporary fine-artist Rossi d'Providence has created an oil painting of the Battle at Issus for the Classics Department at Brown University in Providence, Rhode Island.
References
Sources
Ancient
Diodorus Siculus (90–30 BC). Bibliotheca Historica. (Reference 6)
Quintus Curtius Rufus (AD 60–70). Historiae Alexandri Magni.
Plutarch (AD 75). The Life of Alexander the Great, Parallel Lives.
Arrian (AD 86–146). Anabasis Alexandri.
Junianus Justinus (3rd century). Historiarum Philippicarum libri XLIV.
Modern
Delbrück, Hans (1920). History of the Art of War. University of Nebraska Press. Reprint edition, 1990. Translated by Walter, J. Renfroe. 4 Volumes.
Engels, Donald W. (1978). Alexander the Great and the Logistics of the Macedonian Army. Berkeley/Los Angeles/London.
Fuller, John F. C. (1960). The Generalship of Alexander the Great. New Jersey: Da Capo Press.
Green, Peter (1974). Alexander of Macedon: A Historical Biography.
Moerbeek, Martijn (1997). The battle of Issus, 333 BC. Universiteit Twente.
Rogers, Guy (2004). Alexander: The Ambiguity of Greatness. New York: Random House.
Warry, J. (1998), Warfare in the Classical World. .
Welman, Nick. Army. Fontys University.
External links
Livius.org: Issus (333 BCE)
330s BC conflicts
333 BC
Issus 333 BC
Issus 333 BC
History of Hatay Province
oneAPI Threading Building Blocks (oneTBB; formerly Threading Building Blocks or TBB), is a C++ template library developed by Intel for parallel programming on multi-core processors. Using TBB, a computation is broken down into tasks that can run in parallel. The library manages and schedules threads to execute these tasks.
Overview
A oneTBB program creates, synchronizes, and destroys graphs of dependent tasks according to algorithms, i.e. high-level parallel programming paradigms (a.k.a. Algorithmic Skeletons). Tasks are then executed respecting graph dependencies. This approach groups TBB in a family of techniques for parallel programming aiming to decouple the programming from the particulars of the underlying machine.
oneTBB implements work stealing to balance a parallel workload across available processing cores in order to increase core utilization and therefore scaling. Initially, the workload is evenly divided among the available processor cores. If one core completes its work while other cores still have a significant amount of work in their queue, oneTBB reassigns some of the work from one of the busy cores to the idle core. This dynamic capability decouples the programmer from the machine, allowing applications written using the library to scale to utilize the available processing cores with no changes to the source code or the executable program file. In a 2008 assessment of the work stealing implementation in TBB, researchers from Princeton University found that it was suboptimal for large numbers of processors cores, causing up to 47% of computing time spent in scheduling overhead when running certain benchmarks on a 32-core system.
oneTBB, like the STL (and the part of the C++ standard library based on it), uses templates extensively. This has the advantage of low-overhead polymorphism, since templates are a compile-time construct which modern C++ compilers can largely optimize away.
oneTBB is available commercially as a binary distribution with support, and as open-source software in both source and binary forms.
oneTBB does not provide guarantees of determinism or freedom from data races.
Library contents
oneTBB is a collection of components for parallel programming:
Basic algorithms: parallel_for, parallel_reduce, parallel_scan
Advanced algorithms: parallel_pipeline, parallel_sort
Containers: concurrent_queue, concurrent_priority_queue, concurrent_vector, concurrent_hash_map
Memory allocation: scalable_malloc, scalable_free, scalable_realloc, scalable_calloc, scalable_allocator, cache_aligned_allocator
Mutual exclusion: mutex, spin_mutex, queuing_mutex, spin_rw_mutex, queuing_rw_mutex, recursive_mutex
Timing: portable fine grained global time stamp
Task scheduler: direct access to control the creation and activation of tasks
Systems supported
The hardware, operating system, and software prerequisites for oneTBB.
Supported Hardware
Intel Celeron processor family
Intel Core processor family
Intel Xeon processor family
Intel Xeon Phi processor family
Intel Atom processor family
Non-Intel processors compatible with the processors above
Supported Operating Systems
Systems with Microsoft Windows operating systems:
Microsoft Windows 10
Microsoft Windows Server 2016
Microsoft Windows Server 2019
Systems with Linux* operating systems:
Clear Linux
Amazon Linux 2
CentOS 8
Debian 10
Fedora 34
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7, 8
SuSE Linux Enterprise Server 15
Ubuntu 18.04 LTS, 20.04, 21.04
Systems with macOS operating systems:
macOS 10.15, 11.x
Systems with Android operating systems:
Android 9
Supported Compilers
Intel oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler
Intel C++ Compiler 19.0 and 19.1 version
Microsoft Visual C++ 14.2 (Microsoft Visual Studio 2019, Windows OS only)
GNU Compilers (gcc) 4.8.5 - 11.1.1
GNU C Library (glibc) version 2.17 - 2.33
Clang 6.0.0-12.0.0
See also
Intel oneAPI Base Toolkit
Intel Integrated Performance Primitives (IPP)
Intel oneAPI Data Analytics Library (oneDAL)
Intel oneAPI Math Kernel Library (oneMKL)
Intel Advisor
Intel Inspector
Intel VTune Profiler
Intel Concurrent Collections (CnC)
Algorithmic skeleton
Parallel computing
List of C++ multi-threading libraries
List of C++ template libraries
Parallel Patterns Library
Grand Central Dispatch (GCD)
Notes
References
External links
oneTBB Industry Specification
at Intel
Concurrent programming libraries
Application programming interfaces
C++ programming language family
Generic programming
Threads (computing)
C++ libraries
Intel software
In Hawaiian mythology, Paupueo is the owl god. They send their owls after the Menehune when they become too uncontrollable.
The owls chase away the Menehune, who are frightened of owls.
Notes
Hawaiian gods
Animal gods
Oswestry Castle is a medieval castle in the town of Oswestry, Shropshire, England. The castle has also been known as, or recorded in historical documents as: Album Monasterium; Blancminster; Blankmouster; Blancmustier; Croes Oswald; L'Oeuvre; L'uvre; Castle Loure; Luure; Luvre; Lvvre: Castle Philip; Oswaldestre; Meresberie.
The first reference to the castle in Oswestry was in 1086, when castelle Lurve (or castle L'oeuvre) is recorded in the Domesday Book as being built by Rainald, Sheriff of Shropshire in the Hundred of Meresberie. No town was recorded until around 1272 when references appear to the settlement of Blancminster (named after its white stone church). The Welsh were already referring to Croes Oswallt (Cross of Oswald) in 1254, regarding St Oswald, the Northumbrian king killed at the Battle of Maserfield (reputed to have taken place near Oswestry) in 641 AD.
After Rainald the castle passed to Alan fitz Flaad. The civil war between Stephen and Matilda (1135–54) saw the Marcher Lord of Oswestry, William FitzAlan, join forces with Matilda. As a consequence they were deprived of their lands, including the castle and its area, and titles by Stephen after 1138, when they fled into exile. The castle was reclaimed by Madog ap Maredudd the Prince of Powys between 1149 and 1154, along with the lordship of the area. This was short-lived; on the accession of Henry II in 1154, William FitzAlan recovered their estates and was restored as High Sheriff of Shropshire in 1155 until their death in 1160. A period of conflict between the Welsh and the English followed and the castle was sacked numerous times. In 1165, Henry themselves adopted it as a base for their unsuccessful campaign against Owain Gwynedd. In 1211 King John moved against Llywelyn the Great and the castle came under attack. By 1270 the castle's walls had been extended to embrace the town, but its military significance declined.
The castle was garrisoned by Royalist troops during the Civil War, and captured by the forces of Oliver Cromwell in 1644. It had been largely demolished by the Roundheads by 1650.
The motte is about 12m high and 52m by 72m at its base. The collapsed remnants of the stone keep, possibly dating to the 13th century, are in situ. The remains of the keep are a Grade II Listed Building. The internal layout of the keep is not known, but an inventory compiled in 1398 notes three chambers, hall, chapel dedicated to St Nicholas, kitchen, larder and buttery. To the south east of the keep are the remains of a bastion, largely rebuilt in the late 19th century, it is a Grade II Listed Building. The walls and the gate piers are also Grade II Listed. The castle bailey, which lies to the south of the motte, probably served as the initial focus for the development of the town. The town had grown beyond the limits of the bailey before the second half of the 13th century when the town walls were constructed. The location of the bailey is recorded in the street names Bailey Street and Bailey Head.
See also
Listed buildings in Oswestry
References
Oswestry
Castle ruins in Wales
Castles in Powys
History of Powys
Grade II listed buildings in Shropshire
Grade II listed castles
The W Line is a railroad line owned and operated by the Norfolk Southern Railway in the U.S. states of North Carolina and South Carolina. It runs from Asheville, North Carolina southeasterly via Spartanburg, South Carolina to Columbia, South Carolina, but the portion northwest of Landrum, South Carolina (over the Saluda Grade) has been closed since December 2001.
An April 19, 2014, report from WLOS, the ABC affiliate in Asheville, said that Norfolk Southern was looking to sell or lease the W Line from Asheville to Flat Rock. As of July 9, 2014, NS had entered an agreement to lease out the northern portion of the line to a Watco-owned shortline named the Blue Ridge Southern Railroad:
As was later reported, Norfolk Southern in fact sold this portion of the line to Watco, along with the defunct TR Line that branches from the W Line at Hendersonville, North Carolina and runs west to Pisgah Forest, North Carolina, and another branch line to the west of Asheville. Ownership of the three lines was transferred effective July 26, 2014.
References
Norfolk Southern Railway lines
Rail infrastructure in North Carolina
Rail infrastructure in South Carolina
Enigmata is an album of John Zorn compositions performed by Marc Ribot and Trevor Dunn, conducted by Zorn. It was released by Tzadik Records in 2011.
Recording and music
The twelve pieces are "etude-variations written in the classical tradition" by Zorn. Some parts were composed and atonal; others were improvised and conducted by Zorn. They are performed by Marc Ribot on electric guitar and Trevor Dunn on five-string electric bass.
Zorn wrote in the liner notes: "I do what I do regardless of what the outside world might think, want or expect, and although this has alienated my audience, the critical establishment and the academy countless times through my four decades of activity, the feeling that comes from creation on one's own terms far outweighs any such mundane considerations."
Release and reception
Enigmata are released by Tzadik Records in June 2011. The New York City Jazz Record reviewer suggested that it was unlikely to appeal to purists of any genre of music, and wrote that "It's daunting before you put it on and can be rather unpleasant while it is. [...] As you play the CD, however, you realize it's not as scary and uncompromising as you might have feared".
Track listing
"Enigma One"
"Enigma Two"
"Enigma Three"
"Enigma Four"
"Enigma Five"
"Enigma Six"
"Enigma Seven"
"Enigma Eight"
"Enigma Nine"
"Enigma Ten"
"Enigma Eleven"
"Enigma Twelve"
Personnel
Trevor Dunn - 5-string electric bass
Marc Ribot - electric guitar
References
2011 albums
John Zorn albums
Albums produced by John Zorn
Tzadik Records albums
Viliami Pulu (born 14 May 1960) is a Tongan boxer. They competed in the men's super heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Super-heavyweight boxers
Tongan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Tonga
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Vorobiov is a Russian surname 'Воробьёв', in Ukrainian 'Воробйов'. Notable people with the surname include:
Evgeny Vorobiov (born 1976), Russian chess grandmaster
Henadii Vorobiov
Oleksandr Vorobiov (born 1984), Ukrainian gymnast
See also
Vorobyov, written also Vorobiev or Vorobyev
Wangen an der Aare Castle is a castle in the municipality of Wangen an der Aare of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Gallery
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
The following is a list of pilots and other aircrew who flew during the Battle of Britain, and were awarded the Battle of Britain Clasp to the 1939–45 Star by flying at least one authorised operational sortie with an eligible unit of the Royal Air Force or Fleet Air Arm during the period from 0001 hours on 10 July to 2359 hours 31 October 1940.
History
In 1942, the Air Ministry made the decision to compile a list from records of the names of pilots who had lost their lives as a result of the fighting during the Battle of Britain for the purpose of building a national memorial. This became the Battle of Britain Chapel at Westminster Abbey, which was unveiled by King George VI on 10 July 1947. The Roll of Honour within the Chapel contains the names of 1,497 pilots and aircrew killed or mortally wounded during the Battle.
Nothing was done officially, however, to define the qualifications for the classification of a Battle of Britain airman until 9 November 1960. AMO N850, published by the Air Ministry, stated for the first time the requirements for the awarding of the Battle of Britain Star, and listed the 71 units which were deemed to have been under the control of RAF Fighter Command.
In 1955 Flt Lt John Holloway, a serving RAF officer, began a personal challenge to compile a complete list of "The Few". After fourteen years of research Flt Lt Holloway had 2,946 names on the list. Of these airmen, 537 were killed during the Battle or later died of wounds received.
The Battle of Britain Memorial Trust, founded by Geoffrey Page, raised funds for the construction of the Battle of Britain Memorial at Capel-le-Ferne near Folkestone in Kent. The Memorial, unveiled by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother on 9 July 1993, shares the site with the Christopher Foxley-Norris Memorial Wall on which a complete list of "The Few" is engraved.
More recently, the Battle of Britain Monument on the Victoria Embankment in London was unveiled on 18 September 2005 by Their Royal Highnesses the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall. The idea for the monument was conceived by the Battle of Britain Historical Society which then set about raising funds for its construction. The outside of the monument is lined with bronze plaques listing all the Allied airmen who took part in the Battle.
A
{|class="wikitable"
|-
!Name!!Rank!!Nationality!!Sqn during Battle!!Awards!!Notes
|-
|Adair, Hubert Hastings "Paddy||Sgt||British||213 & 151 Sqns|||| A pilot in a light bomber squadron during the Battle of France, transferred to Fighter Command. MIA 6 November 1940 presumed shot down.
|-
|Adams, Dennis Arthur||Plt Off||British||611 & 41 Sqn||||Retired May 1958 as a Squadron Leader; died 1995
|-
|Adams, Eric Henry||Sgt||British||236 Sqn||||
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Adams, Hugh Charles||Plt Off||British||501 Sqn||||KIA 6 September 1940 (Pilot) Shot down in combat with a Bf 109 over Ashford in Hurricane P3089
|-
|Adams, Jack Sylvester||Flt Lt||British||29 Sqn||DFC||
|-
|Adams, Reginald Thomas||Flt Sgt||British||264 Sqn||||Joined 264 in September 1940. KIA 30 June 1942 over Germany as Air Gunner in No. 405 (Vancouver) Squadron RCAF
|-
|Addison, William Nathan||Sgt||British||23 Sqn||DFC DFM||
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Aeberhardt, Raymond Andre Charles||Plt Off||British||19 Sqn||||KIA 31 August 1940 (Pilot) Spitfire R6912 overturned and burned landing at RAF Fowlmere following combat damage to flaps.
|-
|Agazarian, Noel le Chevalier||Plt Off||British||609 Sqn||||KIA 16 May 1941 (North Africa), ace with 7 victories
|-
|Aindow, Charles Robert||AC2||British||23 Sqn||||Died 3 February 2010
|-
|Ainge, Eric Douglas||Sgt||British||23 Sqn||||
|-
|Ainsworth, Sidney||Sgt||British||23 Sqn||||
|-
|Aitken, Arthur||Sgt||British||219 Sqn||||
|-
|Aitken, Henry Aloysius||Sgt||British||54 Sqn||||
|-
|Aitken, Sir John William Maxwell "Max", 2nd Baron Beaverbrook||Sqn Ldr||British||601 Sqn (CO)||DSO, DFC||Died 30 April 1985
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Akroyd, Harold John||Plt Off||British||152 Sqn||||WIA 7 October 1940, Died 8 October 1940 Shot down in Spitfire N3039 during combat with fighters over Lyme Regis. Died the next day from burns received in the crash landing.
|-
|Albertini, Anthony Victor||Sgt||British||600 Sqn||||
|-
|Aldous, Eric Stanley||Plt Off||BR||600 Sqn||||KIA 16 October 1941: Hit by AA over Flushing, NL, whilst serving with 615 Sqdn.
|-
|Aldridge, Frederick Joseph||Plt Off||British||610 & 41 Sqns||||Born Dublin, Ireland. Commended for Valuable Services in the Air 1945. Released from RAF 1947
|-
|Aldridge, Keith Russell||Plt Off||British||32 & 501 Sqns||||
|-
|Aldwinckle, Aylmer James Martinus||Plt Off||British||601 Sqn||||
|-
|Alexander, Edward Ariss||Sgt||British||236 Sqn||||MIA 25 February 1941
|-
|Alexander, John William Edward||Plt Off||British||151 Sqn||||
|-
|Allard, Geoffrey||Plt Off||British||85 Sqn||DFC, DFM*||KIFA 13 March 1941 (Pilot)
|-
|Allcock, Peter Owen Denys||Plt Off||British||229 Sqn||||Died WIA 17 December 1941 (Egypt)
|-
|Allen, Hubert Raymond "Dizzy"||Plt Off||British||66 Sqn||DFC||Died 1987
|-
|Allen, John William||Sgt||British||266 Sqn||||
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Allen, John Henry Leslie||Fg Off||NZ||151 Sqn||||MIA 12 July 1940 Hurricane P3275 hit by return fire from a Dornier Do 17 while protecting convoy off Orfordness. Ditched in the sea.
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Allen, John Lawrence||Fg Off||British||54 Sqn||DFC||KIA 24 July 1940 Spitfire R6812 crashed and burned at Cliftonville following damage to the engine in combat with Bf 109s over Margate.
|-
|Allen, Kenneth Mervyn||Flt Sgt||British||43, 257 & 253 Sqns||||
|-
|Allen, Leslie Henry||Sgt||British||141 Sqn||||
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Allgood, Harold Henry||Sgt||British||85 & 253 Sqns||||KIFA 10 October 1940 (Pilot) Hurricane L1928 of 253 Sqn crashed into houses at Albion Place, Maidstone.
|-
|Allison, Jack Whitewell||Sgt||British||611 & 41 Sqns||||KIFA 15 October 1942. Commissioned August 1941; KIFA with 32 Mus aged 26.
|-
|Allsop, Harold Gordon Leach||Sqn Ldr||British||66 Sqn||||
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Allton, Leslie Charles||Sgt||British||92 Sqn||||KIFA 19 October 1940 (Pilot) Spitfire P3872 crashed at Tuesnoad Farm, Smarden.
|-
|Ambrose, Charles Francis||Plt Off||British||46 Sqn||DFC||
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Ambrose, Richard||Plt Off||British||25 & 151 Sqns||||KIFA 4 September 1940 (Pilot) Hurricane V7405 crashed into a crane and burned out on takeoff from Stapleford on a ferry flight.
|-
|Ambrus, Jan K||Plt Off||Czechoslovak||312 Sqn|||| Died 2 January 1994
|-
|Anderson, Donald John||Plt Off||British||29 Sqn||||
|-
|Anderson, James Alexander||Sgt||British||253 Sqn||||
|-
|Anderson, John Denis||Sgt||British||152 Sqn||||
|-
|Anderson, Michael Frederic||Sqn Ldr||British||604 Sqn (CO)||DFC||
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Andreae, Christopher John Drake||Fg Off||British||64 Sqn||||MIA 15 August 1940 Spitfire R6990 failed to return from a combat mission against Bf 109s over the channel, Andrae missing.
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Andrew, Stanley||Sgt||British||46 Sqn||||KIA 11 September 1940 (Pilot) Hurricane P3325 crashed and burnt out during a patrol, cause not known.
|-
|Andrews, Maurice Raymond||Sgt||NZ||264 Sqn||||
|-
|Andrews, Sydney Ernest||Plt Off||British||32 & 257 Sqns||DFM||KIFA 9 August 1942 Egypt (Pilot)
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Andruszkow, Tadeusz||Sgt||POL||303 Sqn||KW||KIA 27 September 1940 Hurricane V7289 shot down in combat by Uffz. Heinirch Kopperschrager over Horsham and crashed at Holywych Farm, Cowden.
|-
|Angus, James George Colin||Sgt||British||23 Sqn||||
|-
|Angus, Robert Alexander||Sgt||British||611 & 41 Sqns||||MIA 20 February 1941
|-
|Appleby, Michael John||Plt Off||British||609 Sqn||||
|- style="background:silver;"
|Appleford, Alexander N Robin L||Plt Off||British||66 Sqn||||
|-
|Arber, Ivor Kenneth||Sgt||British||603 Sqn||AFC||
|-
|Arbon, Paul Wade||Plt Off||British||85 Sqn||DFC||
|-
|Arbuthnott, John
||Sgt||British||1 & 229 Sqns||||KIA 4 February 1941 (Pilot)
|-
|Archer, Harold Thorpe||Sgt||British||23 Sqn||||KIA 30 June 1941
|-
|Archer, Samuel||Sgt||British||236 Sqn||||
|-
|Aries, Ellis Walter||Plt Off||British||602 Sqn||||
|- style="background:silver;"
|Armitage, Dennis Lockhart "Tage"||Flt Lt||British||266 Sqn||DFC||Died 5 March 2004
|-
|Armitage, Joseph Fox||Sgt||British||242 Sqn||||MIA 17 June 1941
|-
|Armstrong, William||Plt Off||British||54 Sqn||||WIA 18 February 1943 North Africa
|-
|Arnfield, Stanley John||Sgt||British||610 Sqn||||
|-
|Arthur, Charles Ian Rose||Plt Off||Canadian||141 Sqn||DFC||
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Arthur, Charles John||Plt Off||British||248 Sqn||||MIA 27 August 1940; Blenheim crashed into the sea during a reconnaissance mission along the south Norwegian coast, Arthur and Sgt E A Ringwood MIA; Sgt R C R Cox KIA.
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Ash, Robert Clifford Vacy||Flt Lt||British||264 Sqn||||KIA 28 August 1940; Defiant L7021 crashed in flames at Faversham following combat with Bf 109s; Sqn Ldr Gavin, the pilot, bailed out slightly injured, Ash baled out but was killed.(Air Gunner)
|-
|Ashcroft, Albert Edward David||Sgt||British||141 Sqn||||KIA 6 October 1944
|-
|Ashfield, Glyn||Fg Off||British||FIU||AFC DFC||KIA 12 December 1942 (Pilot)
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Ashton, Dennis Garth||Plt Off||British||266 Sqn||||KIA 12 August 1940 Shot down in flames in Spitfire P9333 following combat with aircraft off Portsmouth. Body later recovered and buried at sea.
|-
|Ashton, Dennis Kenneth||Sgt||British||266 Sqn||||KIA 26 November 1940 (Malta)
|-
|Ashworth, Jack||Sgt||British||29 Sqn||||
|-
|Aslett, Arthur Thomas Reynor||Sgt||British||235 Sqn||||
|-
|Aslin, Donald James||Sgt||British||257 & 32 Sqns||||
|-
|Assheton, William Radclyffe||Plt Off||British||222 Sqn||||
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Atkins, Frederick Peter John||Sgt||British||141 Sqn||||KIA 19 July 1940; Defiant L7015 shot down over the Channel following combat with Bf 109s; Plt Off R Kidson MIA, Atkins KIA. (Air Gunner)
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Atkinson, Allan Arthur||Plt Off||British||23 Sqn||||KIFA 30 October 1940; Blenheim L6721 crashed at South Bersted in bad weather during routine patrol. Sgt H T Perry, Plt Off H J Woodward KIFA. (Air Gunner)
|-
|Atkinson, George||Sgt||British||151 Sqn||DFM||KIFA 1 March 1945
|-
|Atkinson, Gordon Barry||Plt Off||British||248 Sqn||DFC||
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Atkinson, Harold Derrick||Plt Off||British||213 Sqn||DFC||KIA 25 August 1940
(Pilot) Failed to return from combat over Warmwell in Hurricane P3200, thought to have crashed into the sea.
|-
|Atkinson, Matthew Richard||Flt Lt||British||43 Sqn||||KIA 26 June 1942
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Atkinson, Ronald||Plt Off||British||266, 242 and 213 Sqns||||KIA 17 October 1940 (Pilot) Hurricane P3174 shot down in combat with Bf 109s and crashed at Egerton near Pluckley.
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Austin, Albert Lawrence||LAC||British||604 Sqn||||WIA 25 August 1940; died 26 August 1940; Blenheim L6782 crashed near Witheridge, Exeter, cause unknown; Sgts J G B Fletcher and C Haig KIA. Austin died the following day from injuries.Ramsay 1989, pp.261, 382, 758.
|-
|Austin, Anthony Thomas||Sgt||British||29 Sqn||||
|-
|Austin, Frederick||Fg Off||British||46 Sqn|||| KIA 17 March 1941 (Pilot)
|-
|Austin, Sydney||Sgt||BR||219 Sqn||DFM|| MIA 31 October 1941
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Ayers, David Hart||Sgt||BR||600 & 74 Sqns|||| KIA 23 September 1940. Abandoned Spitfire P7362 during a routine patrol near Southwold for a cause unknown. Their body later recovered from sea.
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Ayling, Charles Albert Henry||Sgt||British||43, 266 Sqns & 421 Flight||||(pilot) KIA 11 October 1940 when their Spitfire (P7303) crashed near Newchurch following combat over Hawkinge.
|}
B
C
Notes on table
Ranks given are those held during the Battle of Britain, although a higher rank may have been achieved after the Battle.
All individuals listed in bold and highlighted in silver are believed to be still alive.
Aircrew listed as KIA, MIA, WIA or KIFA during the Battle of Britain are highlighted in blue.
The awards listed include those made during the Battle of Britain and during the remainder of World War II, as well as any made post-war.
In order to limit the numbers of footnotes which would otherwise be required, the symbol ‡ under "Notes" indicates several entries in the text of Ramsay 1989, while the symbol †''' indicates that information on the circumstances under which an airman became a casualty during the Battle is included in the text of the book. Where more than one crew member of a multi place aircraft was involved this is included as a cross-reference under "Notes"
In addition to 2,353 British aircrew, the RAF Roll of Honour recognises 574 personnel from other countries; namely:
Australia, Barbados, Belgium, Canada, Czechoslovakia, France, Ireland, Jamaica, Newfoundland, New Zealand, Poland, Rhodesia, South Africa and the United States.
Abbreviations
(CO) after "Sqn" denotes Commanding Officer of that squadron, as per the RAF Fighter Command Order of Battle on 15 September 1940, unless otherwise indicated.
(FAA) after a rank denotes a member of the Fleet Air Arm rather than the RAF.
"KIA" – "killed in action"
"KIFA" – "killed in flying accident", i.e. not during combat
"MIA" – "missing in action".
"WIA" – "wounded in action" leading to death which, in some cases, may have occurred months later.
"POW" – "prisoner of war".
For details of RAF rank abbreviations, see RAF Commissioned Officer Ranks and RAF Non-Commissioned Officer Ranks.
For details of FAA rank abbreviations, see FAA Commissioned Officer Ranks.
Nationalities
Awards
See also
Non-British personnel in the RAF during the Battle of Britain
List of World War II aces from the United Kingdom
List of World War II aces by country
List of World War II air aces
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (D–F)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (G–K)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (L-N)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (O-R)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (S-U)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (V-Z)
Notes
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Ramsay, Winston, ed. The Battle of Britain Then and Now Mk V. London: Battle of Britain Prints International Ltd, 1989. .
Ringlstetter, Herbert (2005). Helmut Wick, An Illustrated Biography of the Luftwaffe Ace And Commander of Jagdgeschwader 2 During The Battle of Britain''. Atglen, PA: Schiffer Publishing. .
Remembering the Battle of Britain
Robert Dixon, '607 Squadrons: A Shade of Blue'. The History Press 2008.
Robert Dixon, 'A Gathering of Eagles' PublishBritannica 2004,
Robert Dixon, 'Men of the North: A few of the Few' Wolf's Nick Publishing 2011,
United Kingdom in World War II-related lists
KFXO-CD (channel 39) is a low-power, Class A television station in Bend, Oregon, United States, serving as the Fox affiliate for Central Oregon. It is owned by the News-Press & Gazette Company (NPG) alongside dual NBC/CW+ affiliate KTVZ (channel 21) and low-power Telemundo affiliate KQRE-LD (channel 20). The stations share studios on Northwest O. B. Riley Road in Bend, while KFXO-CD's transmitter is located on Awbrey Butte west of US 97. There is no separate website for KFXO-CD; instead, it is integrated with that of sister station KTVZ.
In addition to its own digital signal, KFXO-CD is simulcast in standard definition on KTVZ's third digital subchannel (21.3) from the same transmitter site.
History
The station began as K39DU on November 17, 1993 as a translator of Fox affiliate KPDX in Portland (then owned by First Media). On December 18, 1995, it upgraded to low-power level and became KFXO-LP. The Meredith Corporation acquired KFXO-LP and KPDX in 1997 when the company bought out First Media. In 2002 when KPDX became a UPN affiliate, KFXO-LP became its own self-sufficient station although some common operations between the two continued. On December 31, 2008, the retransmission agreement with local cable provider BendBroadband expired. Consequently, local viewers had to view the station using broadcast signals. Just before kickoff of the Fiesta Bowl on January 5, 2009, BendBroadband and KFXO-LP successfully negotiated a retransmission agreement that returned its signal to the cable provider in time for the game.
In late 2006, it was announced that Meredith would sell KFXO-LP to the News-Press & Gazette Company which occurred on May 24, 2007. BendBroadband filed a petition with Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to block the proposed sale but it was still approved. The channel has a construction permit which allowed it to perform a "flash-cut" to digital and upgrade to Class A level. It was not required by law to make the transition on June 12, 2009 because of its low-powered status. On July 19, 2011, the station began broadcasting in digital, and changed its calls to KFXO-CD.
Newscasts
In 2002, the simulcast of KPDX's newscasts (by then canceled) were replaced with those of sister station and new Portland Fox affiliate KPTV. In January 2006, this was dropped in favor of KFXO-LP's own separate news department which offered an hour-long prime time broadcast weeknights at 10. On June 22, 2007, the show was replaced by one produced by KTVZ. It was then reduced to a half-hour and expanded to seven nights a week. In September 2007, KTVZ began to air its newscasts in 16:9 widescreen enhanced definition and the broadcast on KFXO-LP was included. While not true high definition, it matches the ratio of HD television screens. At some point in time, KTVZ began producing a two-hour extension of its weekday morning show on this station. As of October 14, 2013, the weekday edition of NewsChannel 21, First at 10:00 on FOX Central Oregon has been expanded to an hour. The weekend edition remains a half-hour and the extended portion of the weekday morning show on KFXO-CD is now a rebroadcast of KTVZ's weekday morning show.
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Translators
KFXO-CD is rebroadcast on the following translator stations:
Bend (Grizzly Mountain): 20
Montgomery Ranch, etc.:
References
Meredith Finalizes Sale of KFXO-LP to NPG of Oregon Meredith Corp. Press Release. May 25, 2007
Meredith sells Bend station Portland Business Journal. May 25, 2007
External links
KTVZ "NewsChannel 21"
Fox network affiliates
Low-power television stations in the United States
FXO-CD
News-Press & Gazette Company
1993 establishments in Oregon
Television channels and stations established in 1993
The brown fantail (Rhipidura drownei) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae.
It is found in Bougainville Island and Guadalcanal.
Description
Not big (from 9-10 up to 14 cm long) dark bird with a long tail, which it often spreads like a fan.
The main color of the plumage is brown, which is reflected in the English name of this species. The main color of the plumage is brown, which is reflected in the English name of this species. Upperparts - greyish-brown, underparts somewhat lighter, gray with an ocher tint and a faint white streak. The wings are brown above, the tail is light brown. The chest and head are greyish. On the head above the eye - a white stripe - "eyebrow" Sometimes there is also a light strip under the eye. Iris is dark brown. The beak is black or greyish brown, with a paler base underneath. The neck is whitish-gray. Legs are brownish gray.
Males and females are rather similar, but females are somewhat smaller. Juveniles are also similar to adults, but their plumage is duller and lacks the white markings on the head and throat; the rufous color on the wings and tail is paler.
The nest is small cup-shaped with a very small hanging tail. All the construction is entwined with cobwebs. It is built at a height of about 2 m above the ground in a fork of a horizontal branch.
The voice is like a weak but piercing ringing whistle.
Habitat and Behavior
Brown fantail inhabits mountain forests at an altitude of more than 700 meters above sea level (adults are usually above 900 m) and at least up to 1600 m. Below 700 m, the Brown fantail is replaced by Rufous fantail (R. rufifrons).
They feed on all tiers of the forest, catching insects on the fly or looking them out from the foliage. May join mixed-species flocks for foraging.
Taxonomy
According to IOC there are 2 recognised subspecies. In alphabetical order, these are:
R. d. drownei Mayr, 1931 — inhabits in еру mountains of Bougainville Island.
R. d. ocularis Mayr, 1931 — inhabits in еру mountains of Guadalcanal.
Brown fantail (R. drownei) forms a superspecies with:
Makira fantail (R. tenebrosa)
Rennell fantail (R. rennelliana)
Streaked fantail (R. verreauxi)
Kadavu fantail (R. personata)
Samoan fantail (R. nebulosa)
References
brown fantail
Birds of Bougainville Island
Birds of Guadalcanal
brown fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Fowler's Vacola jar is a molded glass jar used in canning for food preservation. It is the most popular home canning system in Australia.
History
The system was developed in 1915 in Melbourne, Australia, by Joseph Fowler (28 February 1888 – 24 April 1972), who migrated from England in 1912, at their home in Hawthorn, Victoria, and became very popular.
The jar
The Fowler's Vacola system uses glass jars, single use rubber ring seals and pressed metal lids, much like American Mason jars first patented in 1858, except that the jars and lids are not threaded. During the canning process, while still hot (and presumably sterile), the lids are secured by metal tension clips which are removed once cooled and a vacuum seal has formed.
Other equipment marketed by the company included a large electrically heated waterbath and "sterilizing thermometer", a glass thermometer mounted on a concave stainless steel backing, graduated in both degrees Celsius and Fahrenheit.
Availability
Fowler's Vacola products are still produced by the original Fowlers Vacola company, and are available from some hardware stores, and directly from the company via their online store. Used equipment is frequently sold on online auction sites and in opportunity shops.
The company
Fowlers Vacola specialises in bottling jams and other foods at its manufacturing plant in Sydney.
See also
Kilner jar
Screw cap
Sterilization (microbiology)
Weck jar
References
External links
Preserving Tradition
Fowlers Vacola Company Website
Glass jars
Canned food
Food storage containers
Blagoy Zhorev Georgiev (; born 21 December 1981) is a Bulgarian former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for teams such as Slavia Sofia, Terek Grozny, Amkar Perm Rubin Kazan and Orenburg and also represented Bulgaria on an international level in 50 matches.
Career
Slavia Sofia
Georgiev was born in Sofia.  They are a product of the Slavia Sofia youth academy. They signed a professional contract in June 1999 and then made their first team debut under Miroslav Mironov' management three months later, on 17 October, in a 3–1 home win over Pirin Blagoevgrad. Georgiev's first goal came on 27 November 1999, when they scored a last-minute against Beroe Stara Zagora to secure a 1–1 away draw. On 11 March 2000, they netted Slavia's only goal in their league loss, a 2–1 defeat against Velbazhd Kyustendil. They then scored in Slavia's 3–2 win against Botev Plovdiv on 22 April, taking their tally for the season to 3 goals.
On 27 September 2003, Georgiev scored their first-ever hat-trick in their career, scoring four goals in a 5–2 away win over Chernomorets Burgas. After scoring their 17th league goal in the final game of the 2003–04 season, a 2–0 win against Naftex Burgas, they ended the campaign in joint second place with Stoyko Sakaliev in the race for the Bulgarian A PFG golden boot.
During their six years at Slavia Stadium, they scored 46 league goals in 172 matches.
Alaves (loan)
On 13 January 2006, Deportivo Alavés confirmed Georgiev would join on loan until the end of the season. They made their La Liga debut a week later, during Alaves's 2–0 loss against Barcelona at Camp Nou. They spent most of their time with Alaves on the bench. They returned to Bulgaria at the end of the season having made 10 appearances in Alaves's unsuccessful battle against relegation.
Red Star
On 14 June 2006, Serbian side Red Star Belgrade signed Georgiev on a three-year deal.
Duisburg (loan)
On 28 May 2007, Georgiev joined Bundesliga side MSV Duisburg on loan until the end of the 2007–08 season. On 14 March 2008, they scored their first goal in a 2–1 loss against Schalke 04. On 4 May, they scored a last-minute winning goal for 3–2 over Bayer Leverkusen. During the season, they earned 31 appearances.
Terek Grozny
On 6 January 2009, Georgiev signed a four-year contract with Russian side Terek Grozny for 1.5 million Euros. They made their Russian Premier League debut on the opening day of the 2009 season, on 15 March, in a 1–0 home win over Spartak Nalchik. Georgiev's first goal came on 19 July, when they scored in a 3–2 home win against Zenit Saint Petersburg, for which they were awarded with a Land Rover by the head of Chechnya Ramzan Kadyrov.
On the eve of the 2010 season, Georgiev was selected by manager Anatoly Baidachny, as the replacement captain after Timur Dzhabrailov's retirement. On 10 May 2010, they scored the opening goal of the league game against CSKA Moscow which Terek lost 1–4. Three days later, they provided two assists in a 2–0 home victory over Saturn Ramenskoye.
Georgiev scored their first league goal of the 2011 season and the winner against Anzhi Makhachkala, in a 1–0 victory on 20 May. On 13 August, they scored their second goal of the season, in a 6–2 defeat at Dynamo Moscow. On 5 November, in a 2–0 home victory over Krasnodar, Blago assisted Musawengosi Mguni for the second goal. On 28 December 2011, few days after their 30th birthday, they were reported to have become a target for Lokomotiv Moscow.
On 4 November 2012, Georgiev marked their 100th Russian Premier League game by scoring a penalty in a 3–1 loss against Anzhi Makhachkala.
Amkar Perm
Georgiev signed with Amkar Perm on 19 December 2012 on a three-year deal.
Rubin Kazan
On 15 August 2014, Georgiev joined Rubin Kazan, signing a two-year deal. Following their transfer they took the number 77 shirt. They made their debut two days later, playing the full 90 minutes in a 1–1 home draw against Lokomotiv Moscow. Their first league goal for Rubin gave them a 2–1 win over Torpedo Moscow on 29 September.
Orenburg
Georgiev transferred to FC Orenburg before the 2016–17 season as the club made their debut in the Russian Premier League. Orenburg was relegated at the end of the season, but they stayed on to play in the second-tier Russian Football National League. On 29 December 2017, they were released from their contract by mutual consent.
Retirement
The day after they resigned with FC Orenburg, Georgiev announced that they would retire from professional football and noted that they were not retiring because of not being in shape, but because of lack of motivation.
International career
A Bulgaria international, Georgiev was also previously a member of the country's under-21 team. They have been capped 50 times and scored 5 goals for Bulgaria. On 11 October 2011, they announced their retirement from Bulgarian national team. In September 2012, it was revealed that Georgiev was considering returning to the national team.
Personal life
Georgiev is a devout Christian and has a number of faith-related tattoos.
Georgiev previously had a fling with singer Liana and was formerly in a long-term relationship with gymnast Hristina Vitanova (with whom they have two children - Yoanna and David). Georgiev was then engaged to Russian dancer Esmer Omerova, the mother of their third child - Elay. Since 2018 they have been together with model Zlatka Raykova, with whom they also have a child, named Blagoy Jr. and born in 2019.
Career statistics
Club
Source:
International goals
Honours
Red Star Belgrade
Serbian SuperLiga: 2006–07
Serbian Cup: 2006–07
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
Bulgarian expatriate footballers
Bulgaria international footballers
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
La Liga players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Bundesliga players
Russian Premier League players
PFC Slavia Sofia players
Deportivo Alavés players
Red Star Belgrade footballers
MSV Duisburg players
FC Akhmat Grozny players
FC Amkar Perm players
FC Rubin Kazan players
FC Orenburg players
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Bulgarian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Sofia
Phelsuma antanosy is a species of day gecko, endemic to the coastal Anosy Region in Madagascar. The species was first discovered in by scientist Raxworthy & Nussbaum in the year 1993. Phelsuma antanosy more commonly known as Antanosy day gecko is one of 45 different species represented in the Phelsuma genus. This specific species of gecko has been placed on the critically endangered list by the IUCN red list since January 28, 2011. Little is known about the Antanosy day gecko because of its recent discovery and the small amount of research done on the species. Although, information about the geographical fragmentation and population location lead to the decision to put the gecko on the critically endangered list.
Physical Description
The Antanosy day gecko is considered one of the smaller species in the Phelsuma genus as it only reaches about 10 cm in length. The body of the gecko is bright green with distinct color patterns on their back and head. Three red lines run the dorsal side of the body starting at the rear end of the back. The line in the middle is the most distinct and intense in color. The head of the gecko has two red crossbar-like colorations and a reddish-brown lip line running from the nostrils to the eye. Between the crossbar-like colorations and at the edge of the eyes are blue patches. The ventral side of the gecko is completely white including the throat, belly, tail.
Geographical Location
Over the years land development and deforestation in Madagascar has increased up to 50% since 1950. Much of this land is being used for mining purposes and other development. Due to such loss, the habitat of Antanosy day gecko has become fragmented and isolated into two specific areas in the Anosy Region where three subpopulations exist.
These two areas are better known as Ambatotsirongorongo and Saint Luce, Madagascar. The total amount of land that the Antanosy day gecko is expected to live in is about . These isolated patches are approximately located from the coast.
Habitat and Ecology
Littoral and transitional forests along with degraded forest with dense overhead canopy serve as sufficient habitat for the Antanosy day gecko. The Antanosy day gecko is highly reliant of the screw palm plant species Pandanus. Female geckos use these plants specifically for egg laying.
The Antanosy day gecko forages for food during day and night hours. Plants such as Dypsis palms like Saint Luce Dypsis (D. sainteluccei) and Ravenala madagascariensis serve a sufficient food source.
Population
As of now the three subpopulations exist in Ambatotsirongorongo and Saint Luce, Madagascar. About 40% of the total population is located within Saint Luce while the remaining 60% is located within Ambatotsirongorongo. Due to the isolation and fragmentation between the two areas, the population of the gecko is considered to be severely fragmented. Estimates say there is only 5,000-10,000 individuals left resulting in a population density of about 10 individuals per hectare in suitable habitat. Deforestation and habitat destruction has resulted in an overall decreasing population trend.
Threats
Due to deforestation and habitat destruction, the Antanosy day gecko is losing more and more land they can potentially inhabit, especially the plants they rely on so heavily. The screw palm plant species Pandanus is slow to grow and regenerate, leaving the gecko without its habitat. Although, some of the areas the Antanosy day gecko reside in are considered protected areas, there is still plenty of illegal deforestation happening. Much of the land is put under pressure on by the government and local people as forest resources are being destroyed for personal use and a possible mining plan. Potentially resulting in the loss of individuals ranking as high as 20% of the population.
Conservation Acts
The SEED Conservation Research Program (SCRP) and the Mohamed bin Zayed Species Conservation fund has set out a team of researchers and volunteers to start collecting data on the Antanosy day gecko. SCRP is hoping that with the data collected from studying the gecko's behavior and surrounding environment a captive breeding effort or even transporting the population can result in their survival. A captive breeding population can be used to increase the overall population as the offspring will be protected from outside interactions which can lead to successful restoration. Transportation of the gecko population could place the species in an area that has the same relative habitat landscape that is registered as a designated protected area ensuring the survival of the future population.
SCRP is also conducting educational sessions in Saint Luce schools and a conservation club to share information about the Antanosy day gecko. Staff and volunteers talk about the various threats that impede the survival of the gecko and the consequences there is due to endemism. Also, locals guides are being trained to correctly pass on information to the community so they will be able to monitor the survival of the Antanosy day gecko.
References
Phelsuma
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 1993
Taxa named by Ronald Archie Nussbaum
Taxa named by Christopher John Raxworthy
Daryiduiyeh (, also Romanized as Daryiīdū'īyeh) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 17, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Goosen is a common Afrikaans surname, meaning "son of Goos" ("Goswin"). Notable people with the surname include:
Anton Goosen (born 1946), South African musician and songwriter
Frank Goosen (born 1966), German cabaret artist and author
Glenn Goosen (born 1982), Zimbabwean cricketer
Guy Goosen (born 1959), Zimbabwean swimmer
Hendrik Goosen (1904–1990), South African fishing captain, discoverer of the coelacanth
Jeanne Goosen (born 1938), South African journalist
Johan Goosen (born 1993), South African rugby player
Mathys Goosen (born 1996), Dutch swimmer
Retief Goosen (born 1969), South African golfer
Quintin Goosen (1946–2014), Zimbabwean cricketer and umpire
Sammy Goosen (1892–?), South African cyclist
Wes Goosen (born 1995), South African-born, New Zealand rugby player
Republiek Goosen
Goosen was also the Dutch/Afrikaans name of the State of Goshen (1882–83) in South Africa
See also
Goos (name)
Goossen, Dutch surname
Goossens, Dutch surname common in Belgium
Afrikaans-language surnames
Surnames of Dutch origin
Patronymic surnames
The Mikado pheasant (Syrmaticus mikado) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes, gallinaceous birds. Sometimes considered an unofficial national bird of Taiwan (along with the Swinhoe's pheasant and Taiwan blue magpie), a pair of Mikado pheasants and Yushan National Park, one of the areas it is known to inhabit, is depicted in the 1000 dollar bill of the New Taiwan dollar.
Distribution and habitat
The Mikado pheasant is endemic to mountainous regions of Taiwan. The species occupies dense shrubs, bamboo growth and grassy terrain with conifer overstory in central and southern Taiwan, from 2000 to 3200 meters above sea level.
Description
With the tail included, males of this species get to be up to 70 cm in body length, while the smaller females measure up to 47 cm. The male is dark with plumage that refracts with blue or violet iridescence, with white stripes on its wings and tail. The female is brown and speckled with brown and white quills. The long and striped tail feathers of the male were used by the Taiwanese aborigines as a head-dress decoration. The type specimen of the pheasant comprises two such tail feathers obtained in 1906 by collector Walter Goodfellow from the head-dress of one of their porters. It was named in honour of the Emperor of Japan, of which Taiwan was occupied by. Its Chinese name, 帝雉 (dìzhì) also translates to "Emperor's Pheasant."
Behaviour
The pheasants will often come out into the open either in light rain or after heavy rain, where the mist conceals them. They tend to be solitary or found in pairs, often quiet, yet alert. They can usually tolerate the presence of humans and it is possible to observe them up close, especially in areas where they have become habituated to humans feeding them. When disturbed, they will slowly and cautiously seek out shelter within surrounding vegetation, rather than fluttering away in panic. If desperate, they will fly short distances, gliding down the mountainside. The males are territorial, with a range of 200–400 metres in radius. Both sexes make soft clucking sounds when feeding, and the males make ke, ke, ke calls when fighting for their mate or territory. Both sexes may perform a wing-whirring display, and during the breeding season the male performs a lateral running display with their body expanded and tail fanned.
Feeding
The pheasants will often walk and forage for food (a diet of various fruit, leaves, vegetation, seeds and invertebrates) at the same time, in a manner similar to chickens, on the forest floor and mountain trails, especially on rainy and foggy days.
Breeding
The breeding season of Mikado pheasants lasts from March to June. Mikado pheasants build their nests mainly with dead branches, fallen leaves, dry grass and feathers in tree holes or depressions under rocks. Females usually lay three to eight creamy-coloured eggs at one time and it is they who are solely responsible for the incubation of the eggs (which take about 26–28 days to hatch) and the nurture of fledglings, once they are born. The young are usually independent by six months the latest.
Status and conservation
There are some Mikado pheasants bred in captivity, but there are only about 10,000 individuals in the wild, particularly in the Yushan National Park. Heavy hunting pressure was a problem in the past, but is not a serious threat today. The Mikado pheasant is evaluated as near threatened on the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. It is listed on Appendix I of CITES.
Under protection numbers have increased with numbers within Yushan National Park increasing from 5,000 in 1986 to more than 10,000 in 2020. There are also significant recovered populations in Shei-Pa National Park and Taroko National Park.
See also
List of protected species in Taiwan
List of endemic species of Taiwan
List of endemic birds of Taiwan
References
Bridgman, C. L., Alexander, P. & Chen, L. S. (1997). Mikado's pheasant home range in secondary growth habitats of Yushan national park, Taiwan. ''Proceedings of the first international symposium on Galliformes'', Kuala Lumpur.,
Severinghaus, S. R. (1977). ''A study of the Swinhoe's and Mikado Pheasant in Taiwan with recommendations for their conservation.'' PhD thesis. Cornell University, Ithaca.
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet
gbwf.org - Mikado Pheasant
Mikado pheasant
Endemic birds of Taiwan
Mikado pheasant
Taxa named by William Robert Ogilvie-Grant
D. DoRohn Gough (born March 22, 1978 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American Music Producer, Music Executive, songwriter, composer, arranger and entrepreneur. Now serving as president & C.E.O. of DOROHN ENTERTAINMENT LLC, (which was founded by their father David L. Gough in 1978), DoRohn has produced singles for a number of artists in a variety of genres ranging from R&B/Hip-Hop, Pop, & Gospel. From 2008 to present they have had their most commercial success to date with Compound Entertainment artist "Ne-Yo", with the production of the smash hit “Champagne Life.”
Biography
As a young child DoRohn was surrounded by music and grew up in a talented musical family. Born and raised in Detroit, Michigan, the son of David Gough, founder of the “International Gospel Music Hall of Fame and Museum,” DoRohn was destined to become a musical genius. Born the middle child of three boys DoRohn is a self-taught musician who was born with the magic touch, at the age of two learned how to play the drums. By the third grade DoRohn learned to play the violin by ear and by the time they were eleven years old their older brother Damon had taught them how to play the keyboards. Groomed in the church by playing in the church band DoRohn learned how to manipulate the keyboard to produce magnificent sounds never heard before. By the time DoRohn was fifteen they were in charge of music production at their father's record label and that's where their love for producing music began.
Music
DoRohn received classical and jazz training at the Center for Creative Studies and Performing Arts and went on to study music at Eastern Michigan University. During that time DoRohn was blessed to meet Kern & Valdez Brantley, (musical directors for Lady Gaga and Usher) and they became their musical mentors. Through them DoRohn was able to discover the true art of music production and to this day uses those lessons and instructions learned in their music.
After college DoRohn remained committed to their gospel roots and began working with gospel music artist Dorinda Clark-Cole. They were soon recruited to play the keyboards for the 2006 “Up-close and Personal Tour” featuring Chris Brown and Ne-Yo tour. During that tour Ne-Yo discovered DoRohn's song writing ability and signed them to a production deal to Compound Entertainment. Though that deal DoRohn produced the hit “Then There's You” for Day 26 and the smash hit “Can't be Good” for Janet Jackson on their “Discipline” album. But the best was yet to come. Ne-Yo selected DoRohn to produce several songs for their upcoming album Libra Scale. A rare feat for any new producer as Ne-Yo has mainly worked with the production team Stargate, an entity DoRohn's production style has often been compared to. DoRohn worked diligently and came to produce two records for the Libra Scale album, “What Have I Done?” and the track for the hit single “Champagne Life.” The song has been in the Top 20 on the International Billboard charts for months. "My desire is to influence a culture with music that feels good. I am honored that Ne-Yo is allowing me to display this music on a global stage" said Gough when asked about working with Ne-Yo. DoRohn is currently the Music Director for Ne-Yo's live performances and tours.
Discography
Produced Singles
2
2008: "Can't Be Good" (Janet Jackson - Discipline)
2009: "Then There's You" (Day 26 - Forever in a Day)
2010: "Champagne Life" (Ne-Yo - Libra Scale)
2010: "What Have I Done?" (Ne-Yo - Libra Scale)
2012: "Champagne Life" (Gerald Albright & Norman Brown "24/7")
2014: "Don't Say Good Bye" (Kem ft. L. Renee "Promis To Love Deluxe Edition"
2020: "His Love" (The Clark Sisters Ft. Snoop Dogg "The Return Deluxe Edition"
2021: "Trouble Don't Last Always" (D'Shondra Ft. Kirk Franklin - "D'SHONDRA EP")
D. DoRohn Gough said about working with Ne-Yo on the song: "My desire is to influence & impact culture with music that feels good. I am honored that Ne-Yo is allowing me to display this music on a global stage".
References
Living people
1978 births
The 2009–10 Ohio State Buckeyes men's basketball team represented Ohio State University in the 2009–10 college basketball season. Their head coach was Thad Matta, in their 6th season with the Buckeyes. The team played its home games at the Jerome Schottenstein Center in Columbus, Ohio, and is a member of the Big Ten Conference.
On March 14, 2010, the Ohio State Buckeyes won the Big Ten Tournament for the first time since 2007, defeating the Minnesota Golden Gophers 90–61. The Buckeyes now have three Big Ten Tournament Championships (2002, 2007, 2010), the most of any team in the Big Ten. The Buckeyes also made the 2010 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament, making it for the second consecutive year and four out of the six years Thad Matta has been head coach. They were a 2 seed in the Midwest Region. Ohio State ended the 2009–10 season with a loss to 6 seed and AP #15 Tennessee Volunteers in the Sweet Sixteen. Their final record was 29–8.
Roster
Source
2010 Recruiting Class
2009–10 Schedule
|-
!colspan=9| Regular Season
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
!colspan=9| Big Ten Tournament
|-
!colspan=9| NCAA tournament
|-
Game Notes – NCAA Tournament
First Round: UC Santa Barbara
The Buckeyes began the 2010 NCAA Tournament with a first round win over UC Santa Barbara in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The game went back and forth in the early minutes of the first half with Ohio State taking control late. UCSB later came back never being put away by Ohio State, coming within 10 points halfway through the second half. However, Ohio State kept their lead and pulled out a 68–51 win despite Player of the Year nominee Evan Turner only making 2/13 field goals.
Second Round: Georgia Tech
After a commanding win over UCSB in the first round, the Ohio State Buckeyes took on the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets in the second round for a trip to St. Louis and the sweet sixteen. After Georgia Tech started off the game on a 10–2 run, the Buckeyes came back and made a game of it. At the half Ohio State led 28–26 over the Yellow Jackets. The Buckeyes came out shooting after halftime with their biggest lead coming 14 points. However, Georgia Tech came back in the final three minutes and cut it to a four-point game. With a couple made free-throws and great defensive plays, the Buckeyes punched their ticket to the Sweet Sixteen against Tennessee in St. Louis.
Sweet Sixteen: Tennessee
The Ohio State Buckeyes made their way to the Sweet Sixteen for the first time since 2007 with a matchup against the Tennessee Volunteers. Ohio State jumped out to an early lead in the game with the score going back and forth throughout the first half. By halftime, the Buckeyes had a 42–39 lead, and kept it in the early parts of the second half. However, towards the end of the second half, Tennessee jumped out to a five-point lead which was eventually tied. Turner and the Buckeyes could not get a game winning shot at the end and lost to Tennessee 76–73.
Rankings
See also
2010 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament
2009-10 NCAA Division I men's basketball season
List of NCAA Division I institutions
2009–10 Ohio State Buckeyes women's basketball team
External links
Ohio State Buckeyes basketball
Ohio State Buckeyes men's basketball seasons
Ohio State State Buckeyes
Ohio State
Ohio State Buckeyes
Ohio State Buckeyes
Big Ten men's basketball tournament championship seasons
Heteromycteris is a genus of small soles found in both salt and brackish water. Most are native to the northwest Pacific, but H. hartzfeldii and H. oculus are from the Indo-Pacific, and H. capensis is from southern Africa.
Species
There are currently six recognized species in this genus:
Heteromycteris capensis Kaup, 1858 (Cape sole)
Heteromycteris hartzfeldii (Bleeker, 1853) (Hook-nosed sole)
Heteromycteris japonicus (Temminck & Schlegel, 1846) (Bamboo sole)
Heteromycteris matsubarai Ochiai, 1963
Heteromycteris oculus (Alcock, 1889) (Eyed sole)
Heteromycteris proboscideus (Chabanaud, 1925) (True sole)
References
Soleidae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Johann Jakob Kaup
Loskutov (, from лоскут meaning patch) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Loskutova. It may refer to
Artyom Loskutov (born 1986), Russian performance artist
Pavel Loskutov (born 1969), Estonian long-distance runner
Russian-language surnames
Doug Senior (born January 4, 1941) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player.
Senior played junior hockey with the TPT Petes of the Ontario Hockey Association, turning professional in 1961 with the Hull-Ottawa Canadiens of the Eastern Professional Hockey League. They went on to play nine seasons of professional hockey; winning the 1964 Adams Cup with the Omaha Knights in the Central Professional Hockey League's inaugural season, and playing parts of five seasons in the American Hockey League.
References
1941 births
Living people
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Cleveland Barons (1937–1973) players
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Memphis South Stars players
Omaha Knights (CHL) players
Peterborough Petes (ice hockey) players
Providence Reds players
Quebec Aces (AHL) players
San Francisco Seals (ice hockey) players
Sportspeople from Kingston, Ontario
Robert Sorley Lawrie (27 June 190323 May 1977) was a Scottish architect who worked in the department of the Dublin City Architect Horace Tennyson O'Rourke.
Early years and education
They were probably a son of Robert Lawrie, a plumber, of 12 Claremont Street, Aberdeen and their wife Jennie Robb. They studied architecture at Robert Gordon's College from September 1919 to June 1921 then was a pupil of George Bennett Mitchell in Aberdeen until September 1924. They returned to Robert Gordon's College for the post-diploma course which they completed in June 1925.
Career
They and Herbert George Simms were appointed assistant architects to the Dublin City Commissioners in June 1929. They were responsible for most of the work of converting Charlemont House to the Municipal Gallery in 1933. They designed the Inchicore Public Library in 1937 and was responsible for ones in Ringsend, Phibsborough and Drumcondra all built the same year.
They were living in Dublin in 1945 but had left by 1947, taking up the post of County Architect for Fife.
Personal life
They married Anne Dempster McDowall on 1 June 1933. They survived him.
References
20th-century Scottish architects
1903 births
1977 deaths
Bilateral relations exist between Australia and South Korea. Both countries established diplomatic relations in May 1963.
Australia and South Korea are trading partners in the Asia Pacific region. South Korea and Australia have a relationship that has reached very high ground in the last few years. South Korea has an embassy in Canberra and Australia has an embassy in Seoul. Australia also sent 17,000 troops to Korea during the Korean War, whose role was to defend South Korea.
According to a 2017 BBC World Service Poll, 61% of Australians view South Korea's influence positively, and with 24% view of negatively, making Australia the most pro-South Korean nation in the world.
Relations between 1884 and 1950
Prior to the 1950s, the two nations had relatively little contact with one another.
The Korean War
When the outbreak of the Korean War had reached across the globe, Australia quickly hurried to aid South Korea. The United States of America helped the Australians and the South Koreans in the war. Australia sent 17,000 troops to South Korea. Robert Menzies was Prime Minister at the time. In 1953 Australian troops pulled out of Korea by ceasefire agreement.
Post-Korean War
South Korea and Australian relations are strong and are continuing to grow. Today South Korea and Australia share a very friendly and healthy relationship. Both are members of Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation. In 2000 Kim Dae Jung came to Canberra. In 2009 Korean President Lee Myung Bak visited Kevin Rudd in Canberra. The outcome of the meeting was very positive, with Australia and South Korea officially declaring a security pact, similar to that already in place between Australia and Japan. They discussed future cooperation and a Free Trade Agreement.
Korean Australian
Korean Australian is a person who has migrated from South Korea to Australia. Today Australia has the sixth biggest Korean community outside of Korea. Korean Australians number about 150,873 persons of Korean origin. The migration began in the 1970s and is still continuing the growth. In Australia according to MOFAT statistics 3348 Korean adoptees live in Australia. Since the late 1980s many Korean Australians come in under the business category required for economic growth. The Korean Australian population is a young population. There are also many Koreans studying in Australian Universities and schools. There are Korean populations in all capital cities. Most Koreans in Australia live in Sydney and Melbourne. Koreans in Australia have reached high standards in schooling, work and sport in Australia. AFL player Peter F. Bell who played for Fremantle Football Club and North Melbourne Football Club is of Korean origin.
See also
Foreign relations of Australia
Foreign relations of South Korea
External links
Embassy of the Republic of Korea to Commonwealth of Australia
Korea, South
Bilateral relations of South Korea
Asian-Australian culture
Paul Alexis Raymond de la Croisette, called Charles (Paris, 14 April 1796 – Paris, 10 July 1849) was a 19th-century French playwright.
Biography
An archivist at the French Chamber of Deputies, their plays, often signed Charles, were presented on the most important Parisian stages of their lifetime: Théâtre de l'Odéon, Théâtre du Vaudeville, Théâtre du Gymnase-Dramatique etc.
Following a trial with the management of the Théâtre du Vaudeville related to the play La leçon de Mathématiques, none of their plays was ever presented. In 1834, they were admitted yet in the which may suggest that they still published at that time under a pen name which has not been identified.
Œuvres
1817: L'hôtel Bazancourt, vaudeville en 1 acte, 1817
1820: Les marieurs écossais ou Une matinée à Gretna-Green, comédie vaudeville in 1 act
1820: La Suite du Folliculaire ou l'Article en suspens, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Armand d'Artois, Langlé, Eugène Scribe and Théaulon
1821: Le Baptême de village, ou le Parrain de circonstance, vaudeville in 1 act, with de Bury, Chavagnac and Ledoux
1821: La Créancière, comédie-vaudeville in 2 acts, with Emmanuel Théaulon
1822: Les Femmes romantiques, comédie-vaudeville, avec Théaulon, 1822
1822: Une journée à Montmorency, tableau-vaudeville in 1 act, with Théaulon and Ferdinand Langlé, 1822
1822: Une visite aux Invalides, à-propos mingled with couplets on the occasion of Saint-Louis's day
1823: Le Magasin de lumière, scènes à-propos de l'éclairage par le gaz, with Langlé, Mathurin-Joseph Brisset and Théaulon
1823: Le comte d'Angoulême, ou Le siège de Gênes, with Fulgence de Bury, Michel-Joseph Gentil de Chavagnac and Paul Ledoux
1823: Le siège de Gênes, comédie héroïque in 2 acts, with Chavagnac, Ledoux and de Bury
1824: Mr Manuel, 1824
1824: Mes derniers vingt sols, vaudeville in 1 act, with Théaulon
1824: Grétry, opéra-comique in 1 act, with de Bury and Ledoux
1825: Le Béarnais, ou la Jeunesse de Henri IV, comedy in 1 act and in free verses, with de Bury and Ledoux
1826: La Fête du roi, ou le Remède à la goutte, comedy in 1 act and in verses, with Paul Ledoux
1827: La leçon de mathématiques, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act
1828: J'épouse ma femme, vaudeville in 1 act
undated: Mon rêve, ou J'étais ministre
Honours
Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur (14 mai 1845)
Officier de la Légion d'honneur (23 mai 1848)
Bibliography
Joseph Marie Quérard, La France littéraire ou dictionnaire bibliographique, vol.7, 1835, p. 448 (Lire en ligne)
References
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
Writers from Paris
1796 births
1849 deaths
Aurora Jiménez Villalobos (born September 14, 2002) is a Mexican beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned as Miss Teen Mexico International 2021 and Miss Teen International 2021 in Guayaquil, Ecuador.
Pageantry
Miss Teen Earth Mexico 2021
They participated in the contest Miss Teen Earth Mexico 2021 where they won the Miss Teen Mexico International title.
Miss Teen International 2021
Aurora, who stands tall, was crowned Miss Teen International, on October 23, 2021.
See also
Rodrigo Moreira
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Mexican beauty pageant winners
Mexican female models
People from Ocotlán, Jalisco
Andoung Meas District (; "Well of Gold") is a district in north-eastern Cambodia, located in Ratanakiri Province,
Population 6,896 (1998)
Administration
Andoung Meas district is subdivided into four communes (khum), which are further subdivided into 21 villages (phum).
References
Districts of Ratanakiri province
The Nikon 50 mm 1.8D AF Nikkor is one of Nikon's 50 mm lenses. This Double-Gauss lens replaces the 50mm 1.8 (non-D). A 50 mm prime lens is the normal lens for the 135 film format.
Introduction
This lens was introduced on February 21, 2002.
On a Nikon DX format DSLR, a 50 mm lens is cropped to the angle of a view of a short telephoto lens (~75 mm equivalent; field-of-view crop is 1.54). Prime lenses can be cheaper and easier to manufacture than zoom lenses and may have better optical characteristics compared with zoom lenses of comparable price. The combination of low cost and high optical quality makes this a popular lens among many photographers. This lens can be used with both the FX and the DX cameras. When used on DX format cameras the resulting angle of view along with its large aperture also make it a lens suitable for portraiture.
Being an F-mount lens, it will mount as well as meter on all Nikon DSLRs. The lack of an internal autofocus motor means that this lens can only use manual focus on entry-level cameras such as the D40, D60, D3000, D5000, D3100 or D5100; however, a newer version of the same lens, the Nikon AF-S Nikkor 50 mm f/1.8G, will autofocus successfully on these cameras. With a reverse coupler, one can also reverse mount this lens on to a camera or reverse mount it in front of another lens to use it for macro shots, although it is a procedure not recommended by Nikon.
References
External links
Official sites
Nikon 50 mm f/1.8D AF at Nikon USA's Website
Reviews of this lens
Nikon 50 mm f/1.8D AF Review at Bjorn Rorslett's site - Scroll down page for listing.
Nikon AF 50mm f/1.8D Imatest review Photozone.
Nikon AF-Nikkor 50mm 1:1.4D review - Digital Photography Review
Nikon F-mount lenses
Camera lenses introduced in 2002
Ignatów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Brite Ranch raid was an incident that occurred on Christmas Day 1917, in which Mexican raiders crossed the Rio Grande River border and attacked a ranch in Presidio County, Texas. At the time the raiders were thought to be Villistas, as they had been responsible for several other previous incursions into American territory, though other accounts say that some Carrancistas were involved as well. During the raid the Mexicans murdered three people, robbed a general store and rode back to Chihuahua under pursuit by a motorized posse and troops of the United States Army 8th Cavalry. The Americans fought a running battle with the Mexicans on December 26 that resulted in the deaths of several raiders and the recovery of some stolen property. Soon after, an expedition to find more of the raiders led to another more violent episode when, on January 27, 1918, a force of Texas Rangers accompanied by US Cavalry, executed 15 Mexican men in what became known as the Porvenir Massacre.
History
Brite Ranch had been founded by Lucas Charles "L.C." Brite. It is located in the Big Bend region, between the town of Marfa and the Rio Grande, 15 miles east of the river. At the time of the raid, it was like many other ranches in West Texas—it was as much a small town as a cattle operation.
Raid
Since it was Christmas morning most of the locals were away, except for ranch supervisor T.T. "Van" Neill, their family and one or two Mexican-American families. It was just after dawn when the raid began. Van's father, Sam, was the only one awake. They were sitting down drinking coffee when about 45 armed Mexicans galloped into the ranch complex. Sam knew immediately who the Mexicans were, so they ran to their son's room, equipped themselves with a rifle, took aim at who they thought was the leader and fired. They killed the man and the others returned fire on the house. By that time Van was awake and joined in the fight. Mrs. Van Neill attempted to alert the sheriff but the raiders had cut the telephone lines. The skirmish lasted for a while before the raiders realized they had little chance of getting into the Neill house without significant losses. They captured a pair of ranch hands, one of whom, José Sánchez, was sent to the house to warn the Neills that if they continued to resist, both they and the other ranch hand would be shot. Van and their father were prepared to continue the fight but Mrs. Neill persuaded their husband to give the Mexicans the keys to L.C. Brite's general store and avoid further confrontation. Van agreed, so instead of trying to break into the house, the raiders spent their time robbing the general store of clothes, food and money. They also gathered up all the best horses at the ranch and took them. While this was going on, the unsuspecting mail carrier, Mickey Welch, arrived at the store in their wagon with two Mexican passengers. The raiders captured all three of the men, shot the two passengers and hung Welch inside the store.
That night the Neills had planned a Christmas dinner party for some of their friends. The raiders had occupied the ranch for several hours when Rev. H.M. Bandy and their family arrived from Marfa to have dinner with the Neills. Van sent a young Mexican boy out to tell the raiders not to shoot them. The raiders let the reverend and their family go to the Neill's house, and when they got out of their wagon Bandy delivered a quick prayer and then armed themselves with a rifle to help defend the ranch. According to Ronnie C. Tyler, author of The Big Bend: A History of the Last Texas Frontier, there were other dinner guests already at the ranch but they escaped somehow and went to get help. Rancher James L. Cobb, who lived three miles outside of the ranch complex, heard the gunfire and drove towards the sound to investigate the situation. They stopped a short distance away from the ranch and saw the Mexicans robbing the store. They then drove 12 miles to the nearest telephone and called Lucas Brite, who was at their home in Marfa. Brite informed the local sheriff and went even further by alerting the 8th Cavalry, which was stationed in the area. Shortly thereafter a large posse and some cavalrymen assembled in vehicles to drive to Brite Ranch. They almost caught up with the raiders but the Mexicans quickly mounted up and rode south across the Candelaria Rim, where the Americans vehicles could not follow.
Aftermath
On the next day Col. George Langhorne launched a punitive expedition into Mexico with the intention of capturing or killing the raiders and returning stolen property. Langhorne borrowed some horses from the ranchers for their men, who arrived in vehicles, and after joining up with reinforcements from Ruidosa the expedition crossed the Rio Grande into Chihuahua at a ford called Los Fresnos. Altogether the expedition included two troops of 8th Cavalry, approximately 200 soldiers, and several men from the posse. Langhorne caught up with 29 raiders just across the Rio Grande in San Bernardino Canyon, near Pilares. During the running battle that followed the cavalrymen killed ten of the Mexicans and recovered some of the stolen property, including several horses, most of which had to be shot because they had been ridden too hard and would not survive the return back to the ranch. Only one soldier was wounded. Meanwhile, the citizens in the Big Bend region were outraged about the raid and the murders of Mickey Welch and their passengers on Christmas Day. Some citizens formed a committee to disarm and keep watch on the Mexican population in the area but the Texas Ranger company of Capt. Monroe Fox went even further. At around midnight on January 27, 1918, a force of rangers and 8th Cavalry soldiers surrounded the village of Porvenir, located on the Rio Grande across the border from a Mexican village. A search of the town then commenced and while the soldiers were looking through houses, the rangers gathered up 15 men and took them to a nearby hill where they were executed.
The Porvenir Massacre was investigated in 1919, during a state hearing investigating misconduct among the Texas Rangers, but nobody was charged for the crime. The grand jury of Presidio took no action for the killings. However, on June 4, 1918, Governor William P. Hobby disbanded Company B of the Texas Rangers and dismissed five rangers for their actions. After the raid and the subsequent punitive expedition, Lucas Brite built a small fort to house Texas Rangers and protect the ranch but it was never needed.
See also
Garza Revolution
References
History of Texas
History of Mexico
20th-century military history of the United States
Conflicts in 1917
1917 in Texas
1917 in Mexico
Battles of the Mexican Revolution
Battles of the Mexican Revolution involving the United States
American frontier
Military raids
United States home front during World War I
December 1917 events
WNNZ may refer to:
WNNZ (AM), a radio station (640 AM) licensed to Westfield, Massachusetts, United States
WNNZ-FM, a radio station (91.7 FM) licensed to Deerfield, Massachusetts
Eilema kingdoni is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1877. It is found on Mayotte and Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1877
kingdoni
The Winding Stair is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by John Griffith Wray and starring Alma Rubens, Edmund Lowe, and Warner Oland. It is based on the 1923 novel of the same name by the British writer A.E.W. Mason.
Cast
Preservation status
With no prints of The Winding Stair located in any film archives, it is lost film.
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
External links
1925 films
1925 drama films
1920s English-language films
American silent feature films
Silent American drama films
Films directed by John Griffith Wray
Fox Film films
Films set in deserts
American black-and-white films
Lost American films
1920s American films
, also known as , was the son of Oda Nobuhide and younger brother of Oda Nobunaga, who lived during the Sengoku period of Japan.
Nobuyuki conspired against their brother Nobunaga with the Hayashi clan (Owari), which Nobunaga viewed as treason. Nobuyuki's Suemori Castle was reduced by Ikeda Nobuteru. Nobuyuki was pardoned, however in 1558 it was discovered that they had been planning yet another revolt and Nobuyuki was executed.
Family
Father: Oda Nobuhide (1510–1551)
Mother: Tsuchida Gozen (died 1594)
Brothers
Oda Nobuhiro (died 1574)
Oda Nobunaga (1534–1582)
Oda Nagamasu (1548–1622)
Oda Nobukane (1548–1614)
Oda Nobuharu (1549–1570)
Oda Nobutoki (died 1556)
Oda Nobuoki
Oda Hidetaka
Oda Hidenari
Oda Nobuteru
Oda Nagatoshi
Sisters:
Oichi (1547–1583)
Oinu
Sons:
Tsuda Nobuzumi (1555–1583)
Tsuda Nobutada (:Ja:津田 信糺) (1555-1633)
Oda Nobukane (:Ja:織田信兼) (d.1583) Not to be confused with Oda Nobukane 織田信包
References
1536 births
1557 deaths
Samurai
Oda clan
Teofilo Bruni (Verona, 1569 - Vicenza, 1638 ) was an Italian mathematician and astronomer.
Life
Born in Verona, they were a capuchin friar known by the name of Raffaele.
They wrote mainly about mathematics and astronomy, but they published a book about clocks and other tools based on mathematical concepts.
Works
References
Italian mathematicians
John Patten is the name of:
John Patten (American politician) (1746–1800), American soldier and politician from Delaware
Jack Patten (1905–1957), Australian Aboriginal civil rights leader and journalist
Johnny Jarrett (born John Patten, 1936), Australian Aboriginal boxer and community leader
John Patten, Baron Patten (born 1945), British Conservative politician
See also
John Paton (disambiguation)
John Patton (disambiguation)
Apuolė is a historic village in Skuodas district municipality, Lithuania. It is situated some east of Skuodas on the banks of the Luoba River. It had a population of 132 according to the 2001 census and 119 according to the 2011 census. Having survived a viking attack in 854, Apuolė is the oldest Lithuanian settlement mentioned in written sources. Since 2004, the attack is commemorated by an annual medieval reenactment Apuolė 854.
History
Apuolė was an important hill fort of the Curonians, one of the Baltic tribes. Archaeologists dated the wooden fortress to the 1st century AD. The hill fort is situated on the confluence of Luoba and its tributary Brukis rivulet. According to archaeological research, a large village was situated near the hill fort. This would indicate early stages of city development.
Rimbert in their Vita Ansgari described early conflicts between the Curonians and vikings. In 854, Curonians rebelled and refused to pay tribute to Sweden. The rebellious fortress was first attacked by the Danes, who were hoping to make the town pay tribute to Denmark. The locals were victorious and gained much war loot. After learning of Danish failure, King Olof of Sweden organized a large expedition into Curonian lands. Olof first attacked, captured, and burned Grobiņa before besieging Apuolė. According to Rimbert, 15,000 locals defended themselves for eight days but then agreed to surrender: the Curonians paid silver ransom for each man in the fortress, pledged their loyalty to Sweden, and gave 30 hostages to guarantee future payments.
Apuolė was mentioned again only in a 1253 treaty between Bishop of Riga and Livonian Order. The location was described as uncultivated land. The castle was probably destroyed and the villagers moved to safer areas. The settlement was mentioned again in the 17th century. By late 18th century the hill fort attracted attention from historians and archaeologists. The first excavations were carried out by Eduards Volters and Birger Nerman in 1928–1932.
References
External links
Villages in Klaipėda County
Prehistoric Lithuania
Hill forts in Lithuania
Torin Herbert Erskine Thatcher (15 January 1905 – 4 March 1981) was a British actor who was noted for their flashy portrayals of screen villains.
Personal life
Thatcher was born in Bombay, British India, to British parents, Torin James Blair Thatcher, a police officer, and their wife Edith Rachel, a voice and piano teacher, younger daughter of the Hon. Justice Sir Herbert Batty, a puisne judge of the High Court of Bombay. They were educated in England at Bedford School and at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. They worked as a schoolmaster before first appearing on the London stage in 1927 and then entering British films in 1934.
Career
In 1935 they appeared in the historical play Mary Tudor. They appeared in the 1937 Old Vic production of Hamlet, in which Laurence Olivier made their first appearance in the title role, opposite Vivien Leigh as Ophelia.
During the Second World War, they served with the Royal Artillery and was demobilised with the rank of lieutenant colonel.
Thatcher appeared in classic British films of the late 1930s and 1940s, including Major Barbara (1941) and Great Expectations (1946), in which they played Bentley Drummle. They moved to Hollywood in the 1950s. They were constantly in demand, invariably lending their looming figure and baleful countenance to sinister or stern roles in popular costume thrillers such as The Crimson Pirate (1952), Blackbeard the Pirate (1952), The Robe (1953) (as the disapproving father of Marcellus), The Black Shield of Falworth (1954), Helen of Troy (1956), Darby's Rangers (1958) and The 7th Voyage of Sinbad (1958). They were a formidable prosecutor in Witness for the Prosecution (1957) and also appeared in the Marlon Brando and Trevor Howard 1962 remake of Mutiny on the Bounty.
They returned to the stage frequently, notably on Broadway, in such esteemed productions as Edward, My Son (1948), That Lady (1949) and Billy Budd (1951). In 1959, they portrayed Captain Keller in the award-winning play The Miracle Worker with Anne Bancroft and Patty Duke. All of these plays were filmed, but Thatcher did not appear in the film versions. Also a steady fixture on television, they appeared in such made-for-TV films as adaptations of A.J. Cronin's Beyond This Place (1957) and The Citadel (1960), and Brenda Starr (1976).
They played the title role in a Philco Television Playhouse version of Othello and acted in a CBS production of Beyond This Place (1957). They appeared in programmes such as The Real McCoys, Thriller, Gunsmoke (“Fandango” - S12E21), Perry Mason, Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea, Daniel Boone, Wagon Train (S2E32) and Mission: Impossible. They were cast as the sly space trader in an episode of Lost in Space. Thatcher, if not for their distinguished career, has been recognized by several generations of fans of Star Trek: The Original Series from their performance as Marplon, a member of the secret resistance in "The Return of the Archons".
Death
Thatcher died of cancer on 4 March 1981, in Thousand Oaks, California.
Select filmography
The Merchant of Venice (1927, Short) - Solanio
Red Wagon (1933) - Minor role (uncredited)
Irish Hearts (1934) - Dr. Hackey
School for Stars (1935) - Guy Mannering
The Common Round (1936, Short) - Martin
The Man Who Could Work Miracles (1936) - Observer
Crime Over London (1936) - Mr. Finley (uncredited)
Sabotage (1936) - Yunct (uncredited)
Well Done, Henry (1936) - George Canford
Dark Journey (1937) - Strasser (uncredited)
The School for Scandal (1937, TV Movie)
Knight Without Armor (1937) - British Passport Official (uncredited)
Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel (1937) - Minor role (uncredited)
Young and Innocent (1937) - Nobby's Lodging House Caretaker (uncredited)
Broadway (1938, TV Movie)
Climbing High (1938) - Jim Castle
Too Dangerous to Live (1939) - Burton
The Day Is Gone (1939, TV Movie) - Ernest Webb
The Spy in Black (1939) - Submarine Officer
Old Mother Riley, MP (1939) - Jack Nelson
The Lion Has Wings (1939) - Seaman Receiving Information About German Activity
The Kindled Flame (1939, Short)
Contraband (1940) - Sailor (uncredited)
Law and Disorder (1940)
Let George Do It! (1940) - U-Boat Commander
Night Train to Munich (1940) - Minor Role (uncredited)
The Case of the Frightened Lady (1940) - Jim Tilling (uncredited)
Saloon Bar (1940) - Mr. Garrod (uncredited)
Gasbags (1941) - SS Man
Major Barbara (1941) - Todger Fairmile
Saboteur (1942) - Man (uncredited)
The Next of Kin (1942) - German General
The Captive Heart (1946) - German officer at Medical Commission (uncredited)
I See a Dark Stranger (1946) - Police Constable
Great Expectations (1946) - Bentley Drummle
The Man Within (1947) - Jailer
Jassy (1947) - Bob Wicks
When the Bough Breaks (1947) - Adams
The End of the River (1947) - Lisboa
The Fallen Idol (1948) - Policeman
Bonnie Prince Charlie (1948) - Col. Kor
Now Barabbas (1949) (uncredited)
The Black Rose (1950) - Harry (uncredited)
Affair in Trinidad (1952) - Inspector Smythe
The Crimson Pirate (1952) - Humble Bellows
The Snows of Kilimanjaro (1952) - Johnson
Blackbeard the Pirate (1952) - Sir Henry Morgan
The Desert Rats (1953) - Col. Barney White
Houdini (1953) - Otto
The Robe (1953) - Senator Gallio
Knock on Wood (1954) - Godfrey Langston
The Black Shield of Falworth (1954) - Sir James
Bengal Brigade (1954) - Colonel Morrow
Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing (1955) - Humphrey Palmer-Jones
Lady Godiva of Coventry (1955) - Lord Godwin
Diane (1956) - Louis - Count de Breze
Helen of Troy (1956) - Ulysses
Istanbul (1957) - Douglas Fielding
Band of Angels (1957) - Capt. Canavan
Witness for the Prosecution (1957) - Mr. Myers
Darby's Rangers (1958) - Sgt. McTavish
The 7th Voyage of Sinbad (1958) - Sokurah the Magician
The Miracle (1959) - The Duke of Wellington
One Step Beyond - Doomsday (TV) - Season 2, Episode 4, October 13 1959 - Earl of Culdane
'' Wagon Train''. (1960) - Campden
The Canadians (1961) - Sergeant McGregor
Jack the Giant Killer (1962) - Pendragon
Mutiny on the Bounty (1962) - Staines (uncredited)
Drums of Africa (1963) - Jack Cuortemayn
Decision at Midnight (1963) - Southstream
From Hell to Borneo (1964) - Mr. Bellflower
The Sandpiper (1965) - Judge Thompson
Hawaii (1966) - Rev. Dr. Thorn
The Sweet and the Bitter (1967) - Duncan MacRoy
The King's Pirate (1967) - Captain Cullen
The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1968, TV Movie) - Sir John Turnbull
References
External links
1905 births
1981 deaths
English male film actors
English male stage actors
English male television actors
People educated at Bedford School
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
Deaths from cancer in California
Royal Artillery officers
British Army personnel of World War II
20th-century English male actors
British people in colonial India
British expatriate male actors in the United States
The 22nd Sarasaviya Awards festival (Sinhala: 22වැනි සරසවිය සම්මාන උලෙළ), presented by the Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Limited, was held to honor the best films of 1993 Sinhala cinema on April 2, 1994, at the Bandaranaike Memorial International Conference Hall, Colombo 07, Sri Lanka. Minister of Housing and Construction Sirisena Cooray was the chief guest at the awards nights.
The film Guru Gedara won the best awards with five including Best Film whereas film Saptha Kanya received six awards.
Awards
References
Sarasaviya Awards
1994 film awards
Sarasaviya
Sarasaviya
Smith River Falls – Fort Halkett Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, protecting Smith River Falls and the former Fort Halkett, a Hudson's Bay Company trading post. The park is located at the confluence of the Smith and Liard Rivers.
References
External links
Liard Country
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 2001
2001 establishments in British Columbia
Minhe (民和) may refer to the following locations in China:
Minhe Hui and Tu Autonomous County, Qinghai
Minhe Formation, geological formation
Minhe, Jiangxi, town in Jinxian County
Minhe Township, Bin County, Heilongjiang
In mathematics, a square triangular number (or triangular square number) is a number which is both a triangular number and a perfect square. There are infinitely many square triangular numbers; the first few are:
0, 1, 36, , , , , , ,
Explicit formulas
Write for the th square triangular number, and write and for the sides of the corresponding square and triangle, so that
Define the triangular root of a triangular number to be . From this definition and the quadratic formula,
Therefore, is triangular ( is an integer) if and only if is square. Consequently, a square number is also triangular if and only if it is square, that is, there are numbers and such that . This is an instance of the Pell equation with . All Pell equations have the trivial solution for any ; this is called the zeroth solution, and indexed as . If denotes the th nontrivial solution to any Pell equation for a particular , it can be shown by the method of descent that
Hence there are an infinity of solutions to any Pell equation for which there is one non-trivial one, which holds whenever is not a square. The first non-trivial solution when is easy to find: it is (3,1). A solution to the Pell equation for yields a square triangular number and its square and triangular roots as follows:
Hence, the first square triangular number, derived from (3,1), is 1, and the next, derived from , is 36.
The sequences , and are the OEIS sequences , , and respectively.
In 1778 Leonhard Euler determined the explicit formula
Other equivalent formulas (obtained by expanding this formula) that may be convenient include
The corresponding explicit formulas for and are:
Pell's equation
The problem of finding square triangular numbers reduces to Pell's equation in the following way.
Every triangular number is of the form . Therefore we seek integers , such that
Rearranging, this becomes
and then letting and , we get the Diophantine equation
which is an instance of Pell's equation. This particular equation is solved by the Pell numbers as
and therefore all solutions are given by
There are many identities about the Pell numbers, and these translate into identities about the square triangular numbers.
Recurrence relations
There are recurrence relations for the square triangular numbers, as well as for the sides of the square and triangle involved. We have
We have
Other characterizations
All square triangular numbers have the form , where is a convergent to the continued fraction expansion of .
A. V. Sylwester gave a short proof that there are an infinity of square triangular numbers: If the th triangular number is square, then so is the larger th triangular number, since:
As the product of three squares, the right hand side is square. The triangular roots are alternately simultaneously one less than a square and twice a square if is even, and simultaneously a square and one less than twice a square if it is odd. Thus,
49 = 72 = 2 × 52 − 1,
288 = 172 − 1 = 2 × 122, and
1681 = 412 = 2 × 292 − 1.
In each case, the two square roots involved multiply to give : , , and .
Additionally:
, , and . In other words, the difference between two consecutive square triangular numbers is the square root of another square triangular number.
The generating function for the square triangular numbers is:
Numerical data
As becomes larger, the ratio approaches ≈ , and the ratio of successive square triangular numbers approaches ≈ . The table below shows values of between 0 and 11, which comprehend all square triangular numbers up to .
{| class="wikitable" border="1" style="text-align:right"
|-
!
!
!
!
!rowspan=2 valign=top|
!rowspan=3 valign=top|
|-
|0
|0
|0
|0
|-
|1
|1
|1
|1
|align=left|1
|-
|2
|36
|6
|8
|align=left|
|align=left|36
|-
|3
|
|35
|49
|align=left|1.4
|align=left|
|-
|4
|
|204
|288
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|5
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|6
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|7
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|8
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|9
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|10
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|-
|11
|
|
|
|align=left|
|align=left|
|}
See also
Cannonball problem, on numbers that are simultaneously square and square pyramidal
Sixth power, numbers that are simultaneously square and cubical
Notes
External links
Triangular numbers that are also square at cut-the-knot
Michael Dummett's solution
Figurate numbers
Integer sequences
Young Women's Leadership Charter School (YWLCS) was a grade 9-12 charter high school for girls in Douglas, Chicago, Illinois.
The school was established in 1999. it had almost 350 students; it was Chicago's only public school only for girls.
The school used a lottery to determine admission. The school is diverse, drawing from many neighborhoods.
The school closed in June 2019 due to lack of enrollment and financial issues.
History
YWLCS opened its doors in August 2000, as part of an effort to provide better education for disadvantaged young women on the South Side of Chicago. The charter school focuses on teaching math, science and technology - in response to statistics showing women are underrepresented in these fields. The YWLCS runs from ninth through grade twelve; providing a single sex education meant to ameliorate gender inequities in the classroom.
First located on the Illinois Institute of Technology campus, YWLCS has since moved into its own building nearby. Their first class graduated in June 2004; media personality Oprah Winfrey was the guest speaker. In 2005, the guest speaker at graduation was Michelle Obama.
The YWLCS founders drew inspiration from The Young Women's Leadership School of East Harlem, and the school maintains a loose affiliation with the network of Young Women's Leadership Foundation schools (TWYLS). Another TYWLS network school, The Young Women's Leadership School of Queens (New York) opened in September 2005, in the Jamaica neighborhood with a register of 81 students, under the leadership of new principal Avionne Gumbs.
See also
Oprah Winfrey Leadership Academy for Girls
References
External links
Young Women's Leadership Charter School
Public girls' schools in the United States
Charter schools in Chicago
Girls' schools in Illinois
Women's Leadership Schools
Public high schools in Chicago
Public middle schools in Chicago
Eaton is a hamlet about west of Oxford and about northwest of Abingdon. Eaton is in the civil parish of Appleton-with-Eaton, which is traditionally part of Berkshire, and now in the ceremonial county of Oxfordshire.
History
Eaton is on a single-track road leading to the River Thames at Bablock Hythe, where there was an important vehicular ferry across the river. The village is built on land belonging to St John's College, Oxford. St John's College, Oxford had the Manor House built in 1677 as a refuge from the Plague for dons. It is now a farmhouse and what had been five farms have been merged into two: Manor Farm and West Farm.
Amenities and public transport
Eaton has a public house, The Eight Bells, which has a darts team and an Aunt Sally team. A ghost called Libby is reputed to haunt the pub. Oxfordshire County Council bus route 63 runs between Oxford and Southmoor via Eaton three times per day in each direction, every day except Sundays and Bank Holidays. The current contractor operating the route is RH Buses. OCC bus route 43 runs between Eaton and Abingdon once a week in each direction on Thursdays.
References
Source
Hamlets in Oxfordshire
The 2012 Texas A&M Aggies women's soccer team represents Texas A&M University in the 2012 NCAA Division I women's college soccer season. The team belongs to the Southeastern Conference (SEC) and plays its home games at . The Aggies are led by G. Guerrieri, who has coached the team since the program's inception in 1993 (20 years).
The 2012 team has 22 roster players, with 14 scholarships to utilize between them.
2012 schedule
Lineup/formation
4–3–3 shown
Mouseover names for stats
Roster/statistics
Starters highlighted in green
Season review
Non-conference
Conference
NCAA tournament
Past teams
References
External links
Official website
Texas A&M Aggies women's soccer seasons
Texas AandM
National Lampoon's Class of '86 was a musical comedy stage show, performed at the Village Gate in New York City's Greenwich Village in 1986. It was a spin-off of National Lampoon magazine. A recording of the show was broadcast as part of Showtime Comedy Spotlight on cable television in the 1980s (first on December 6, 1986), and it was subsequently available on VHS videocassette. The show's length was about two hours.
Production
The show was a sketch-based satire of 1980s culture. In terms of plot, the sketches are held together by a frame story of two hippies named Galahad and Dewdrop, who had taken LSD in 1969, fallen into a deep sleep, and then woken up 17 years later in 1986. The sketches in the show lampooned yuppie culture, health food, the Reagan Administration, airplane hijackings and psychotherapy.
The writers were Andy Simmons and Dave Hanson. Sketches include "The Cabinet Meeting" and "Tasty Fresh". Songs include "Please Don't Drop The Bomb On My Boyfriend" and "Yuppie Love," written by Richard Levinson. The show was directed by Jerry Adler, and the six cast members were Rodger Bumpass, Veanne Cox, Annie Golden, Tommy Koenig, Brian O'Connor and John Michael Higgins.
Several sketches and songs from the show were left off the Showtime special and the VHS recording version. These included "Solid God," a cross between Solid Gold and The 700 Club which featured a born again comic and Golden as Madonna, singing "My Bod Is For God (only sex with Jesus from now on)."
The onstage band consisted of Michael Sansonia (keyboards), Paul Guzzone (bass), Robert Bond (drums), and Stu Ziff (guitar). Sansonia (the musical director) also wrote several songs for the show, including "A President's Dream."
References
External links
Class Of '86
The Former Residence of Hu Xueyan or Hu Xueyan's Former Residence () is the former residence of Hu Xueyan, a notable business person in China during the latter Qing dynasty. It is located in Shangcheng District of Hangzhou, Zhejiang.
History
The Former Residence of Hu Xueyan was commenced in 1872, during the reign of Tongzhi Emperor in the Qing dynasty (1644–1911), and was completed in 1875. The construction project of the house was launched during the heyday of the career of Hu Xueyan.
In April 2005 it was inscribed as a provincial key cultural unit by the Zhejiang Provincial Government.
On 25 May 2006, it has been designated as a "State Cultural Protection Relics Units" by the State Council of China.
It was officially opened to the public on 20 January 2001.
Gallery
References
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Zhejiang
Traditional folk houses in Zhejiang
Buildings and structures in Hangzhou
Tourist attractions in Hangzhou
Gamraj is an Indian comic book character, one of a number of titles published by Raj Comics.
Plot summary
Gamraj is the son of Yamraj, the god of death in Hindu Mythology. They have been living on earth among normal people as they have been very emotional and sentimental and requested their father to allow them to go and live on earth as they wanted to help the people here. Their father permitted them to go but they also sent Yamunda, the buffalo who was the son of Yamraj's buffalo. Their buffalo's name was Mahish. Yamunda has heavenly powers of disappearing and can appear when Gamraj calls them and also they can transform into any vehicle they want.
On Earth, Gamraj met Shankalu who has been living with their wife Ratalu and their 12 kids who help Gamraj in solving people's problems along with their own (as Yamunda is a regular ride for Shankalu's family).
Lanky likeable teenager who always laughs their troubles away.
Gamraj has a knack of inviting troubles and landing themselves into the soup.
T-shirt and jeans are their standard wear.
Bizarre characters confront Gamraj creating hilarious comic scenes laced with suspense and thrills.
Helping out poor and down trodden is theirs habit.
Attributes
Height: 5'10" (1.78 m)
Weight: 62 kg (137 lb)
Hair: Dark
Eyes: Brown
Nose: Hawkish
Face: longish
Powers and abilities
Their power is their pet young bull buffalo Yamunda bestowed with the divine power of transforming into anything wished by their master. Yamunda is a gift to Gamraj from the Gods as an apology for their blunders.
Family, friends, and allies
Shankalu: Friend and a guy who doubts everything. The pint size is married to a battletank of a woman and has a dozen noisy kids. Their home has no space for anything. Making mountains out of molehills is their nature. They live in poverty. The only valuable thing in their life is their close friendship with Gamraj.  They are Gamraj console in comedy.
Yamunda: The son of Yamraj's mount. A bull buffalo which can transform into anything. The bull has a jolly nature and shares many jokes. Yamunda helps Gamraj take on any trouble through the use of its horns.
Yamraj: Father And God Of Death as per Hindu Mythology
Enemies
Loudspeaker: Their voice is diabolical. Their whispers create storms, their walk has the effect of exploding bombs and their shriek can cause all hell to break loose. It takes a lot to silence him.
Sir Fode: Sir Fode is a headcracker. They love anything that brings a mighty bill. They pay it with a skull-cracker bang on the head of the bill presenter with their own steely head.
Speed Breaker: They create phony speed breakers on the roads to benefit goods carriers. The bumps make the carriers spill some of their wads. Speed Breaker lived on spilled goods until Gamraj intervened.
Comics Title
Rs 10 Comic
Budiya Ke Baal
Khota Sikka
Maskhara
Tulatod
Chaal Khali
Kalpurje
Teen Tigada
Gunde Chuhe
Mere Bharat Mahaan
Takaat Ke Chor
Juta Ji
Laddu
Doctor Bandar
Ladaai Ladaai Maaf Karo
Bojh Hatao
Gatar Chaurashi
Car Chor
Polio Gang
Doorbeen
Mastkalandar
Chhotmantar
Kali Kalantar
Kala Bandar
Goggle
Ko Kalachi Paki
Soldier
Adal Badal
Tarzan Ka Beta
Coolie No. 1
Bolo Mere Aaka
Anpad Lutera
Tap Tap Tapori
Roti, Kapda Aur Makaan
Pilpila Lala
Jaani Dushman
Rs 20 Comic
Jungle Me Dungle
Hungama
Naak Me Dum
Mumbai Pareshaan
Muhnuchwa
Shaitaan Raag
Satellite Boss
Chakka Jaam
Bhoot Polish
Beghar
Baap Ka Raaz Hai
Doari Danda
Gunda Gamraj, Khooni Doga
Jhagdaloosh
Hightech Bhoot
Koi Hil Gaya
Kar Ya Mar
Mapose Ram Bharose
Tunna Bhai MBBS
Khana Kharaab
Jal Surma
Budhumaan
Jhanda Neecha Rahe Tumhara
Clonewar
Chitrasen
Govinda Aala Re
Father Phobia
Jhanse Ki Rani
Jungle Pandey
Remote Man
Life Boy
Sanki Bhai
Cementa
Rs 25 Comic
Aa Maut Mujhe Maar
Other Appearances
World Comics & Graphic Novels News (WCGNN)
Gamraj (Trendy Baba Series, Book # 05)
Fang Magazine
Indian Comics Fandom Magazine
Vigyapans (Trendy Baba Series, Book # 07)
Heroes in Real Harsh World Series
Discussion forum
Raj Comics hosts a discussion forum, with a section specially devoted to Gamraj.
Forum by Raj Comics
Indian comics
Raj Comics characters
Indian mythology in popular culture
Hindu mythology in popular culture
Humour and wit characters of India
Aloeides oreas, the oreas copper, is a butterfly of the family Lycaenidae. It is found in South Africa, where it is known from the Eastern Cape to the KwaZulu-Natal Drakensberg, the Free State and mountain peaks in Mpumalanga near Wakkerstroom.
The wingspan is 21–24 mm for males and 22–26 mm females. Adults are on wing from September to December, with a peak in October and from January to April, with a peak in January. There are two generations per year.
References
Butterflies described in 1968
Aloeides
Endemic butterflies of South Africa
John Lothrop Motley (April 15, 1814 – May 29, 1877) was an American author and diplomat. As a popular historian, they are best known for their works on the Netherlands, the three volume work The Rise of the Dutch Republic and four volume History of the United Netherlands. As United States Minister to Austria in the service of the Abraham Lincoln administration, Motley helped to prevent European intervention on the side of the Confederates in the American Civil War. They later served as Minister to the United Kingdom (Court of St. James) during the Ulysses S. Grant administration.
Biography
John Lothrop Motley was born on April 15, 1814, in Dorchester, Massachusetts. Their grandfather, Thomas Motley, a jail-keeper (a public position) and innkeeper in Portland, Maine, had been a Freemason and radical sympathizer with the French Revolution. Motley's father Thomas and uncle Edward served mercantile apprenticeships in Portland.
In 1802, Thomas Motley moved to Boston and established a commission house on India Wharf, taking their brother Edward with them as clerk. "Thomas and Edward Motley" became one of the leading commission houses in Boston. Thomas, married Anna Lothrop, daughter of the Rev. John Lathrop, product of an old and distinguished line of Massachusetts clergymen. Like other successful Boston merchants of the period, Thomas Motley devoted a great part of their wealth to civic purposes and the education of their children. The brilliant accomplishments of their second son, J.L. Motley, are evidence of the care both the father and mother—known both for their learning and what Motley's boyhood friend Wendell Phillips called their "regal beauty"—bestowed on the boy's intellectual development.
Motley attended the Round Hill School and Boston Latin School, and graduated from Harvard in 1831.
Their boyhood was spent in Dedham, near the site of the present day Noble and Greenough School on land purchased from Edward L. Penniman. Their education included training in the German language and literature, and they went to Germany to complete these studies at Göttingen, during 1832–1833, during which time they became a lifelong friend of Otto von Bismarck. Motley and Bismarck studied civil law together at Frederick William University, Berlin. Bismarck recalled their early impression of Motley: "He exercised a marked attraction by a conversation sparkling with wit, humor or originality....The most striking feature of their handsome and delicate appearance was their uncommonly large and beautiful eyes." After a period of European travel, Motley returned in 1834 to Boston, where they continued their legal studies.
In 1837 they married Mary Benjamin (died 1874). They came from a wealthy Boston family; their brother was Park Benjamin Sr. In 1839 they published anonymously a novel titled Morton's Hope, or the Memoirs of a Provincial, about life in a German university, based on their own experiences. It was poorly received, but has later been recognized for featuring a valuable portrayal of Bismarck, "thinly disguised as Otto von Rabenmarck", as a young student.
In 1841, Motley entered the U.S. diplomatic service as secretary of legation in St. Petersburg, Russia, but resigned their post within three months, because of the harsh climate, the expenses living there, and their reserved habits. Returning to Boston, they soon entered definitely upon a literary career. Besides contributing various historical and critical essays to the North American Review, such as "Life and Character of Peter the Great" (1845), and a remarkable essay on the "Polity of the Puritans", they published in 1849, again anonymously, a second novel, titled Merry Mount, a Romance of the Massachusetts Colony, based again on the odd history of Thomas Morton and Merrymount. They were elected a member of the American Antiquarian Society in 1856 and as a member to the American Philosophical Society in 1861.
Dutch history
In 1846, Motley had begun to plan a history of the Netherlands, in particular the period of the United Provinces, and they had already done a large amount of work on this subject when, finding the materials at their disposal in the United States inadequate, they went with their wife and children to Europe in 1851. The next five years were spent at Dresden, Brussels, and The Hague in investigation of the archives, which resulted in 1856 in the publication of The Rise of the Dutch Republic, which became very popular. It speedily passed through many editions and was translated into Dutch, French, German, and Russian. In 1860, Motley published the first two volumes of its continuation, The United Netherlands. This work was on a larger scale and embodied the results of a still greater amount of original research. It was brought down to the truce of 1609 by two additional volumes, published in 1867.
Reception in Britain and the United States
The books were popular and critical successes in both Britain and the United States, and multiple editions over the decades sold tens of thousands of copies. It was a favorite prize that schools awarded to their best students. Owen Edwards says of Motley, "He and they alone had created a Dutch awareness on a wide scale."
American critics have given the book mixed reviews. It was quite popular in its day, but modern scholars argue:
Reception in the Netherlands
The reception of Motley's work in the Netherlands itself was not wholly favorable, especially as Motley described the Dutch struggle for independence in a flattering light, which caused some to argue they were biased against their opponents. Although historians like the orthodox Protestant Guillaume Groen van Prinsterer (whom Motley extensively quotes in their work) viewed them very favorably, the eminent liberal Dutch historian Robert Fruin (who was inspired by Motley to do some of their own best work, and who had reported already in 1856 in The Westminster Review Motley's edition on the Rise of the Dutch Republic) was critical of Motley's tendency to make up "facts" if they made for a good story. Though they admired Motley's gifts as an author, and stated that they continued to hold the work as a whole in high regard, they stressed it still required "addition and correction".
The humanist historian Johannes van Vloten was very critical, and responded to Fruin in 1860: "I agree less with your too favorable judgement....We cannot build on Motley['s foundation]; for that—apart from the little they copied from Groen's Archives and Gachard's Correspondences—for that their views are generally too obsolete." Although appreciating their efforts to make Dutch history known among an English-speaking audience, Van Vloten argues that Motley's lack of knowledge of the Dutch language prevented them from sharing the latest insights of the Dutch historiographers, and made them vulnerable to bias in favor of Protestants and against Catholics.
American Civil War
In 1861, just after outbreak of the American Civil War, Motley wrote two letters to The Times defending the Federal position, and these letters, afterwards reprinted as a pamphlet entitled Causes of the Civil War in America, made a favourable impression on President Lincoln. At this point the English census of 1861 confirms that they were living with their wife and two daughters at 31 Hertford Street, in the parish of St George's, Hanover Square, London and describing themselves as an 'author - history'.
Partly owing to this essay, Motley was appointed United States minister to the Austrian Empire in 1861, a position which they filled with distinction, working with other American diplomats such as John Bigelow and Charles Francis Adams to help prevent European intervention on the side of the Confederacy in the American Civil War. They resigned this position in 1867. Two years later, they were sent to represent their country as Ambassador to the United Kingdom, but in November 1870 they were recalled by President Grant. Motley had angered Grant when they completely disregarded Secretary of State Hamilton Fish's carefully drafted orders regarding settlement of the Alabama Claims. After a short visit to the Netherlands, Motley again went to live in England, where the Life and Death of John Barneveld, Advocate of Holland: with a View of the Primary Causes and Movements of the Thirty Years War appeared in two volumes in 1874.
Ill health now began to interfere with their literary work, and they died at Kingston Russell House, near Dorchester, Dorset, leaving three daughters. They were buried in Kensal Green Cemetery, London.
Selected works
Morton's Hope, or the Memoirs of a Provincial, 1839
Life and Character of Peter the Great (North American Review), 1845
On Balzac's Novels (North American Review), 1847
Merry Mount, a Romance of the Massachusetts Colony, 1849
Polity of the Puritans (North American Review), 1849
The Rise of the Dutch Republic, 3 vol., 1856
Florentine Mosaics (Atlantic Monthly), 1857
History of the United Netherlands, 4 vol., 1860–67
Causes of the Civil War in America (from The Times), 1861
Historic Progress and American Democracy, 1868
Review of S. E. Henshaw's History of the Work of the North-West Sanitary Commission (Atlantic Monthly), 1868
Democracy, the Climax of Political Progress and the Destiny of Advanced Races: an Historical Essay, 1869. (Pamphlet reprint of "Historic Progress and American Democracy," listed above.)
The Life and Death of John of Barneveld, 2 vol., 1874
References
Further reading
Edwards, Owen Dudley. "John Lothrop Motley and the Netherlands." BMGN-Low Countries Historical Review 97.3 (1982): 561-588. online
Guberman, Joseph. The Life of John Lothrop Motley (Springer, 2012).
Haight, Gordon S. "The Publication of Motley's Rise of the Dutch Republic." The Yale University Library Gazette (1980): 135-140 online.
Kaplan, Lawrence S. "The Brahmin as Diplomat in Nineteenth Century America: Everett Bancroft Motley Lowell." Civil War History 19.1 (1973): 5-28.
Putnam, Ruth. "Prescott and Motley," Cambridge History of American Literature (1918), 2:131-47, 501-03. online
Sommers, William. "John Lothrop Motley: The Witty US Minister to Vienna" Foreign Vistas: Stories from a Life in the Foreign Service. (2017), p. 1+. online
Steinberg, Jonathan. "The American connection: John Lothrop Motley, George Bancroft and Andrew Dickson White. Eminent Americans and Otto von Bismarck." Realpolitik für Europa (Verlag Ferdinand Schöningh, 2016) pp. 267–280.
Primary sources
The Rise of the Dutch Republic, 3 vol., 1856; many editions online
History of the United Netherlands, 4 vol., 1860–67; many editions online
Motley, John Lothrop. The Correspondence of John Lothrop Motley (G.W. Curtis, ed. 3 vol. Harper & brothers, 1889). vol 1 online; also vol 2 online; and vol 3 online
External links
1814 births
1877 deaths
19th-century American historians
19th-century American male writers
Boston Latin School alumni
Ambassadors of the United States to Austria
Ambassadors of the United States to the United Kingdom
Historians of Europe
Harvard University alumni
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
19th-century American diplomats
Writers from Dedham, Massachusetts
Hall of Fame for Great Americans inductees
Burials at Kensal Green Cemetery
Members of the American Antiquarian Society
Historians of the Dutch Republic
People from Dorchester, Massachusetts
Historians from Massachusetts
Diplomats from Dedham, Massachusetts
American male non-fiction writers
Screech is the mascot of the Washington Nationals.  They are a bald eagle that wears the home cap and jersey of the team. They were "hatched" on April 17, 2005 at the "Kids Opening Day" promotion at RFK Stadium. A nine-year-old fourth grade student in Washington D.C., Glenda Gutierrez, designed the mascot and won a contest sponsored by the team and explained that it was "strong and eats almost everything."
In 2009, the Nationals unveiled a redesigned Screech. The new costume, designed by Major League Baseball's design department made the mascot slimmer and gave the mascot a removable cap. The Nationals explained that the original design was of an eagle that was always intended to grow up one day. A Nationals official described them as "like a teenager now". The 2012 Topps Opening Day card described Screech as a dazzling dancer, full of loyal shenanigans directed at the opposing team. "Screech" received a shoutout in Donny Hathaway's old-school classic Howard U / DC track "Sugar Lee".
In subsequent years, the team created built a number of in-stadium traditions around the mascot. Screech became the official judge of the team's Presidents Race, and carries a flag around the field after victories. An annual "Kids Opening Day" event, held on a Sunday home game each April, was expanded to include a celebration of Screech's birthday. Additional costumes were added, including a special birthday hat, rain gear worn after rain delays, a Jedi robe worn on Star Wars Day, and pajamas worn during extra innings of late night games.
Screech store at the ballpark
See: Nationals Park#"Screech" store
See also
List of Major League Baseball mascots
Youppi!, the preceding mascot of the franchise when it was based in Montreal as the Expos, and current mascot of hockey's Montreal Canadiens
References
External links
Screech's Main Bio
Washington Nationals' Main Kids Page
Screech The Eagle Twitter Page
Let Teddy Win blog posts tagged #screech
Major League Baseball team mascots
Washington Nationals
Bird mascots
2005 establishments in Washington, D.C.
Culture of Washington, D.C.
The Lerici class is a class of minehunters constructed by Intermarine SpA and owned and operated by the Italian Navy. The class incorporates two subclasses: the first four ships are referred to specifically as the first series of the Lerici class, while eight more ships produced to a slightly modified design are known as "second series Lericis" or as the Gaeta class.
The class design has also been used as the basis for ships of the Royal Malaysian Navy (as the Mahamiru class), the Nigerian Navy, the United States Navy (as the ), the Royal Australian Navy (as the ), and the Royal Thai Navy (as the Lat Ya class). Three updated vessels were constructed for the Finnish Navy (the ). The Republic of Korea Navy operates an unlicensed derivative, known as the Ganggyeong class.
Design and service history
Twelve ships were constructed by Intermarine SpA between 1985 and 1996. The first four, referred to as the Lerici subclass) were ordered on 7 January 1978. Six more ships of an improved design (known as the Gaeta subclass) were ordered on 30 April 1988, with two more Gaetas ordered in 1991.
Lerici class
The four Lerici-class ships were launched from September 1982 through to April 1985, and were all commissioned into the Italian Navy during 1985.
Lerici-class ships have a displacement of 620 tons full load, long, wide, and a draught of . The ships have a maximum speed of , provided by a single diesel engine (GMT BL.230-8M for ) connected to an electric engine () with a variable-pitch propeller. This speed is reduced to for mine-warfare operations; three active rudders (small propellers mounted in a unit which can rotate through 360 degrees, powered by three diesel-engines generators Isotta Fraschini ID-36-SS6V) are used to keep the minehunters on station. The ships have a range of at operational speed.
Each ship has a standard complement of 47, made up of 4 officers, 7 clearance divers, and 36 ratings. They are equipped with one hyperbaric chamber, one mechanical minesweeper system Oropesa Mk4, two ROV Whitehead-Riva Calzoni MIN-77 (then replaced by one ROV Gaymarine Pluto GIGAS) and Gaymarine Pluto, remote-operated submersibles for mine investigation and clearance, and VDS FIAR SQQ-14 (IT) sonar. CMS (Combat Management System) is Datamat MM/SSN-714(V)3.
Two navigation radars: one GEM Elettronica SPN-754 (I band) and one GEM Elettronica SPN-753(V)1 ARPA (I band), completed by integrated navigation system Motorola MRS III.
The ships are armed with a single Oerlikon 20 mm cannon (then replaced by Browning M2 12.7 mm).
Gaeta class
Depending on the source, the Gaeta-class ships are considered to be either a Lerici subclass, or a separate class of ships.
The eight ships of the Second Series Lerici class, more commonly known as the Gaeta class, were all launched in the early 1990s, and were commissioned by May 1996. The Gaeta class is almost identical to the Lerici class: the main structural differences between the ships are that displacement of the latter is 77 tons greater, the hull is longer, and the communications mast was moved from above the bridge to just forward of the exhaust funnel. The Gaetas also used an improved version of the VDS FIAR SQQ-14 (IT) sonar, which was fitted in 1991 to the four Lerici-class ships. ROV are Gaymarine Pluto and Gaymarine Pluto GIGAS.Navigation radar GEM Elettronica SPN-753 replaced with (V)9 ARPA version (I band).CMS was evolved version (Combat Management System) Datamat SSN-714(V)3UL. On board one larger hyperbaric chamber (8 seats).
Gaeta MLU
In 2010 Intermarine began MLU (mid-life update), expected to complete in 2018. New sonar is Thales 2093 Mk2, new CMS (Combat Management System) Selex ES SSN-714(V)4, new containerized and removable hyperbaric chamber and added new EMDV (Expendable Mine Disposal Vehicle) Gaymarine Plutino (MIKI, MIne KIller).
Derivatives
The Lerici class design has been successfully exported to Algeria, Australia, Finland, Malaysia, Nigeria, the United States, Thailand and Taiwan. However, an inflexible export policy and demands by Intermarine that all ships be built in Italy are believed to have prevented wider sales. These restrictions were lessened in the leadup to the deals with the United States and Australia.
Mahamiru class
The Royal Malaysian Navy operates four ships based on the Lerici class design: KDs Mahamiru (11), Jerai (12), Ledang (13), and Kinabalu (14). The four ships were ordered from Intermarine on 20 February 1981, commissioned into the Royal Malaysian Navy on 11 December 1985, and arrived in Malaysia on 26 March 1986. Referred to as "Malaysian Lericis" or as Mahamiru-class ships, two each are based in Lumut and Labuan.
Mahamiru-class ships vary in design from the Lerici class. Most significant of these is that Mahamirus are equipped with two diesel engines with dedicated propeller shafts instead of a single engine and propeller, giving them a maximum speed of and a minehunting speed of . The Malaysian ships are also equipped with Thomson Sintra TSM 2022 sonar, Thomson-CSF radar, and two PAP-104 remote-operated submersibles, and are longer than the Italian vessels they were based on. Instead of the 20 mm Oerlikon, the ships are armed with a single Bofors 40 mm L/70 gun. The standard crew complement is 42, 5 of whom are officers.
In 2008, Mahamiru and Ledang were modernised by Thales as part of the Royal Malaysian Navy's Service Life Extension Program. The TSM 2022 sonars were upgraded to the Mark III version, and the ships were reconditioned to meet a minimum of ten more years active service.
Nigerian Lerici
In the late 1980s, the Nigerian Navy acquired two Lerici-class ships. Ohue (M 371) was ordered in April 1983, laid down on 23 July 1984, launched on 22 November 1985, and commissioned on 28 May 1987. Marabai (M 372) was laid down on 11 March 1985, launched on 6 June 1986, and commissioned on 25 February 1988.
The Nigerian Lericis are based on the Mahamiru class, but use the Pluto submersible, a Racal Decca 1226 radar, and are slightly slower with a maximum speed of . The Nigerian ships are armed with two 30 mm cannons, and have a crew complement of 50, including 5 officers.
Because of a lack of funding and maintenance, Ohue and Marabai were among several ships of the Nigerian Navy that were non-operational by 1996. However, as at 2013, both of these vessels are currently undergoing refurbishment prior to rejoining the Nigerian Naval fleet.
Osprey class
In August 1986, following the cancellation of a 17-strong mine warfare ship class after the prototype failed shock testing, the United States Navy placed an order for a mine warfare ship based on the Lerici class. In order to keep construction of the twelve ships, referred to as the Osprey class, under the control of Intermarine, the company established Intermarine USA by acquiring the Sayler Marine Corporation. Initially, the twelve ships were to be built by Intermarine USA in Savannah, Georgia, but in October 1989, construction for four ships was contracted out to Avondale Industries. The ships were launched between March 1991 and June 1997, and were commissioned between November 1993 and December 1998.
The Osprey-class ships are larger than the other Lerici designs: they displace 918 tons fully loaded, are long, wide, and with a draught of . The ships are fitted with two diesel motors driving two Voith Schneider Propellers; these cycloidal propellers eliminate the need for the aft two active rudders. The ships use a Raytheon/Thomson Sintra SQQ-32 VDS sonar for minehunting, and Alliant SLQ-48 remote vehicles for mine disposal. The ships normally carry a crew of 51, including four officers, and are armed with two machine guns.
Upon entering service, the twelve ships were assigned to the United States Atlantic Fleet, with the intention that they remain in service for approximately twelve months before being transferred to the United States Navy Reserve. However, all of the ships remained in service until decommissioning in 2006 and 2007. The class was replaced in service by the s, and as of 2008, eight Ospreys had either been transferred to or marked for transfer to other navies: two each to the Hellenic Navy, Lithuanian Navy, Turkish Navy, and Republic of China (Taiwan) Navy.
Huon class
In 1991, a force structure review saw the need to replace the inshore minehunters. The operating capabilities of the Bay class were found to be severely lacking, with four of the six ships cancelled before construction started. In 1994, a contract was awarded to Australian Defence Industries (ADI) to construct six minehunters based on the Gaeta subclass. The construction was to be a joint venture with Intermarine.
The hull of the first ship, was constructed by the Intermarine shipyard in Sarzana, Italy, then was sent to Australia in 1995 for fitting out at ADI's shipyard in Newcastle, New South Wales. ADI constructed the other five ships in the class, which were all named after Australian rivers.
The Australian ships, which are referred to as the , have a slightly greater displacement and draft than the Gaetas. The ships use a GEC-Marconi Type 2093 sonar, two SUTEC Double Eagle remote mine disposal vehicles, and are armed with a 30 mm DC30B gun. The ships have a crew of 36 (including 6 officers), with further accommodation for 13 more, including 6 divers. The class entered service between 1998 and 2002 and is based at in Sydney.
Lat Ya class
Eight minehunters based on the Gaeta class were ordered by the Royal Thai Navy on 19 September 1996, after Intermarine won the tendering process initiated in April that year. Built at Intermarine's Sarzana shipyard, the first two ships of this class (HTM Ships and were laid down in 1998 and launched in 1999. The other six ships were cancelled before they were laid down.
In comparison to the Gaetas, Lat Ya-class ships have a slightly greater displacement of 680 tons, with a corresponding increase in draught to . They use Atlas Elektronik radar and sonar, Pluto ROVs, and are fitted with a MSI cannon. Each ship carries 8 officers, and 42 other crew.
Katanpää class
In 2004, the Finnish Navy began to look at replacements for the s, which had been in service since 1974. On 23 November 2006, a contract was signed with Intermarine to build three mine countermeasures vessels (initially referred to as the MCMV 2010 class, then as the MITO class).
The MITOs are based on the Huon class design, but with a redesigned superstructure.
Unlicensed designs
Ganggyeong class
The six Ganggyeong- (Swallow-) class ships of the Republic of Korea Navy are an unlicensed derivative of the Lerici class. Constructed by the Kangnam Shipbuilding Corporation, the class was commissioned into service between 1986 and 1994. The ships are smaller and less capable than the other Lerici designs.
List
Intermarine Lerici Minehunter
Citations
References
External links
Mine warfare vessel classes
Minehunters of the Royal Australian Navy
Minehunters of the Italian Navy
Minehunters of the Royal Malaysian Navy
Minehunters of the Nigerian Navy
Minehunters of the Republic of Korea Navy
Minehunters of the United States Navy
Ships of the Royal Thai Navy
Rashkan or Reshkan or Rashakan () may refer to:
Reshkan, Kerman
Rashkan, Sistan and Baluchestan
Rashkan, West Azerbaijan
Rashkan-e Sofla, West Azerbaijan Province
Rashkan castle, near Tehran
The Bloody Hands of the Law () is a 1973 Italian crime film directed by Mario Gariazzo and starring Klaus Kinski.
Cast
Philippe Leroy – Commissario Gianni De Carmine
Tony Norton – D'Amico
Silvia Monti – Linda De Carmine
Klaus Kinski – Vito Quattroni
Fausto Tozzi – Nicolò Patrovita
Pia Giancaro – Lilly Antonelli
Cyril Cusack – The Judge
Guido Alberti – Prof. Palmieri
Lincoln Tate – Joe Gambino
Marino Masé – Giuseppe di Leo
Luciano Rossi
Sergio Fantoni – Musante
Rosario Borelli – Salvatore Perrone
Tom Felleghy
Valentino Macchi
Lorenzo Fineschi
Denise O'Hara – Elsa Lutzer
Lorenzo Magnolia
Stelio Candelli
References
External links
1973 films
Italian crime films
1970s Italian-language films
1973 crime films
Films directed by Mario Gariazzo
Films scored by Stelvio Cipriani
Poliziotteschi films
1970s Italian films
Llynfaes is a hamlet in the community of Bodffordd, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 134.3 miles (216.1 km) from Cardiff and 217.2 miles (349.5 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Comoros first participated at the Olympic Games in 1996, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then. The nation has never participated in the Winter Olympic Games.
As of 2022, no athlete from the Comoros has ever won an Olympic medal.
The National Olympic Committee for the Comoros was created in 1979 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1993.
Medal tables
Medals by Summer Games
See also
List of flag bearers for the Comoros at the Olympics
:Category:Olympic competitors for Comoros
External links
Olympics
Teresa N. Washington is an African American academic, author, activist, and public speaker.  They are known for their research on Àjẹ́, a Yorùbá term that defines both a spiritual power inherent in Africana women and the persons who have that power. Washington's book Our Mothers, Our Powers, Our Texts: Manifestations of Àjẹ́ in Africana Literature is the first comprehensive book-length study of Àjẹ́. Them book The Architects of Existence: Àjẹ́ in Yoruba Cosmology, Ontology, and Orature gives an in-depth analysis of the power of Àjẹ́ in the Yorùbá ethos and worldview.
Education and career
Washington earned their bachelor's degree in English at Fisk University in 1993. They earned their master's degree from the University of Mississippi in 1996, during which time they undertook study at the University of Ghana-Legon. Washington earned their PhD in Literature-in-English from Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife, Nigeria in 2000.
Washington has taught at Obafemi Awolowo University; Fisk University; California State University, Stanislaus; Kent State University, and Grambling State University, where they were named the Ann Petry Endowed Professor in English in 2008.
Literary works
Books
Washington's first book Our Mothers, Our Powers, Our Texts: Manifestations of Àjẹ́ in Africana Literature was published in 2005. This book analyzes the power of Àjẹ́ and the Òrìṣà and historical figures who have and wield the power. The book also examines Àjẹ́'s global dispersal, through Africans who travelled throughout the world of their own volition and those who were exiled from Africa by force and enslaved, and Àjẹ́'s impact in ancient oral literature and contemporary African and African American literature. Washington's book includes the Ìtàn-Oríkì Ìyàmi Òṣòròngà which is a praise song and historical delineation of Àjẹ́ in Yorùbá language. Washington published a revised expanded edition of Our Mothers, Our Powers, Our Texts in 2015, the book's 10-year anniversary.
In 2014 Washington published The Architects of Existence: Àjẹ́ in Yoruba Cosmology, Ontology, and Orature which focuses on Àjẹ́'s impact on and within the Yorùbá world. This book includes analyses of Àjẹ́'s roles in cosmic creation and in Yorùbá divination verses, known as ẹsẹ Ifá; elaborations on the role of Àjẹ́ in Yorùbá politics and political institutions, including Ògbóni Ìbílẹ̀; and exploration of the impact of Àjẹ́ in the lives and art of notable Yorùbá men including Wole Soyinka, Toyin Falola, Fela Anikulapo Kuti, and Olatubosun Oladapo. The Architects of Existence were included in California Institute of Integral Studies list of "100 of the Best New Women's Spirituality Books."
Washington is the author of Manifestations of Masculine Magnificence: Divinity in Africana Life, Lyrics, and Literature in 2014. This book traces the divinity of Africana men (and women) in various sources, including biblical scripture, Qur'anic surah and hadith, and the philosophies of Father Divine, Sun Ra, Mutabaruka, the Nation of Islam, and the Five Percent Nation. In addition to analyzing lyrics of Bob Marley and Peter Tosh, Killarmy, Sunz of Man, Lord Jamar, Gravediggaz, and Fela Anikulapo Kuti, Washington also explores African male divinity in Toni Morrison's Song of Solomon, August Wilson's Joe Turner's Come and Gone, Ngugi wa Thiongo's Wizard of the Crow, and Ishmael Reed's Mumbo Jumbo.
Washington is the editor of The African World in Dialogue: An Appeal to Action! The book includes the “Citizens' Defense Proposal” that Washington wrote with attorney Muhammad Ibn Bashir. The proposal describes “extrajudicial killings” by police officers of citizens as “a violation of the public trust and a violation of citizens' fundamental human rights.” The proposal states that, given their responsibilities, officers of the law should be held to the highest standards and be subjected to the same, if not stricter, penalties as laypersons who kill unarmed citizens.
Other activities
Washington's field research on Caroline Barr, the African American employed by William Faulkner, is documented in Ann Fisher-Wirth's Poem, "Where, beneath the Magnolia," which is also dedicated to Washington.
In 2019 Washington published "A Day for the Owner," an exposé that documents Washington's battles against plagiarists of their books.
In the fall of 2016 Washington and their daughter co-hosted a segment called "Nation Time!" on WRFG's "'What Good is a Song?' The Friday Night Drum" radio program in Atlanta, GA. Washington and their daughter discussed such issues as extrajudicial killings by police officers, self-hatred in the Africana community, and the relationship between hip hop and hypersexuality.
Other publications
Washington's works are also published in the following anthologies: Harold Bloom's Modern Critical Interpretations: Toni Morrison's Beloved: New Edition; Yemoja: Gender, Sexuality, and Creativity in the Latina/o and Afro-Atlantic Diasporas; and ÈṢÙ: God, Power, and the Imaginative Frontiers. Washington's analyses are published in various literary magazines, including the Journal of American Folklore, African American Review, FEMSPEC, and the Journal of African Studies (now known as Africology.)
Selected publications
Books
The African World in Dialogue: An Appeal to Action! Editor. Ọya's Tornado, 2016.
Our Mothers, Our Powers, Our Texts: Manifestations of Àjẹ́ Africana Literature. Revised and Expanded Edition. Ọya's Tornado, 2015.
The Architects of Existence: Àjẹ́ in Yoruba Cosmology, Ontology, and Orature. Ọya's Tornado, 2014.
Manifestations of Masculine Magnificence: Divinity in Africana Life, Lyrics, and Literature. Ọya's Tornado, 2014.
Our Mothers, Our Powers, Our Texts: Manifestations of Àjẹ́ Africana Literature. Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 2005.
Book chapters
"‘The Sea Never Dies': Yemọja: The Curvilinear Force of Artistic, Spiritual and Biological Creativity in the African Continuum.” In Yemoja: Gender, Sexuality, and Creativity in the Latina/o and Afro-Atlantic Diasporas. Eds. Solimar Otero and Toyin Falola. New York: SUNY Press, 2013. 215–266.
"The Penis, The Pen, and The Praise: Èṣù: The Seminal Force of African American Life, Literature, and Lyrics.” In ÈṢÙ: God, Power, and the Imaginative Frontiers. Ed. Toyin Falola. Durham: Carolina Academic Press, 2013. 315–345.
"The Mother-Daughter Àjẹ́ Relationship in Toni Morrison's Beloved." Reprinted in Harold Bloom's Modern Critical Interpretations: Toni Morrison's Beloved: New Edition. Ed. Harold Bloom. New York: Chelsea House, 2009. 49–72.
"An Atlantic Away: A Letter from Africa.” In Step into a World: An Anthology of Young African-American Writers. Ed. Kevin Powell. New York: John Wiley and Sons, 2000. 404–417.
Selected articles
"Rapping with the Gods: Hip Hop as a Force of Divinity and Continuity from the Continent to the Cosmos.” Journal of Pan African Studies 6:9 (2014): 72–100.
“Mules and Men and Messiahs: Continuity in Yoruba Divination Verses and African American Orature.” Journal of American Folklore 125:497 (2012): 263–285.
“Nickels in the Nation Sack: Continuity in Africana Spiritual Technologies.” Journal of Pan-African Studies. Featured article. Special Edition: Black Spirituality. 3:5 (March 2010): 5–28.
“The Mother-Daughter Àjẹ́ Relationship in Toni Morrison's Beloved.” African American Review 39:1&2 (Spring/Summer 2005): 171–188.
“Power of the Word/Power of the Works: The African Spiritual Impetus in African American Women's Literature.” FEMSPEC 6:1 (2005): 58–70.
“Re-embodiment of Mother Daughter Àjẹ́ Relationship in Toni Morrison's Beloved.” The Literary Griot 13:1&2 (Spring/Fall 2001): 100–119.
“Re-Membering the Prophet: Spiritual Transcendence in Lumumba, la mort du prophete and Season in the Congo.” The Literary Griot 9:1&2 (Spring/Fall 1997): 92–111.
“Caroline Barr: Laughing Behind the Myth of Mammy.” Southern Exposure XXV: 1&2 (Spring/Summer 1997): 51–54.
References
External links
The Urban Social Scientists Podcast. “Interview with Dr. Teresa N. Washington.” 1 July 2019
African & Diasporic Religious Studies Association. “Dr. Teresa N. Washington: Afternoon Keynote.” 2018
African-American academics
Fisk University alumni
University of Mississippi alumni
Obafemi Awolowo University alumni
Grambling State University faculty
African-American women writers
Critical theorists
African-American women academics
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Black studies scholars
American women activists
Afrocentrists
American women non-fiction writers
Horoszczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 120.
References
Horoszczyce
The men's flyweight event was part of the boxing programme at the 1988 Summer Olympics. The weight class allowed boxers of up to 51 kilograms to compete. The competition was held from 18 September to 2 October 1988. 44 boxers from 44 nations competed. Kim Kwang-sun won the gold medal.
Medalists
Results
The following boxers took part in the event:
First round
Andy Agosto (PUR) def. Vichairachanon Khadpo (THA), 5:0
Hamed Halbouni (SYR) def. Johnny Bredahl (DEN), RSC-2
Timofey Skryabin (URS) def. Zekaria Williams (CIS), 5:0
Joseph Lawlor (IRL) def. Archibald Fausto (MOZ), KO-2
Bishnu Bahadur Singh (NEP) def. Sixto Vera (PAR), 5:0
Arthur Johnson (USA) def. Andrea Mannai (ITA), 5:0
Nokuthula Tshabangu (ZIM) def. Bonifacio Garcia (ESP), 4:1
Kim Kwang-Sun (KOR) def. Tseyen-Oidovyn Tserennyam (MGL), RSC-2
Setsuo Segawa (JPN) def. Simon Morales (COL), 4:1
Serafim Todorov (BUL) def. David Griman (VEN), 4:1
Ramazan Gul (TUR) def. John Lyon (GBR), 4:1
Gamal El-Komy (EGY) def. Amir Hussain (IRQ), 4:1
Second round
Manoj Pingale (IND) def. Joseph Chongo (ZAM), 5:0
Mario González (MEX) def. Teboho Mathibeli (LES), 5:0
Alfred Kotey (GHA) def. Husain Al-Mutairi (KUW), RSC-1
Benjamin Mwangata (TNZ) def. Peter Ayesu (MLW), 5:0
Emmanuel Nsubuga (UGA) def. Salem Obeyb (YMD), KO-1
Benaissa Abed (ALG) def. Aissa Moukrine (MAR), 3:2
János Váradi (HUN) def. Roberto Jalnaiz (PHI), 4:1
Andreas Tews (GDR) def. Wang Weipin (CHN), 5:0
Philippe Desavoye (FRA) def. Anthony Ikegu (KEN), RSC-2
Melvin de Leon (DOM) def. Badie Ovnteni (NIG), RSC-1
Andy Agosto (PUR) def. Hamed Halbouni (SYR), 5:0
Timofey Skryabin (URS) def. Joseph Lawlor (IRL), 5:0
Arthur Johnson (USA) def. Bishnu Bahadur Singh (NEP), RSC-2
Kim Kwang-Sun (KOR) def. Nokuthula Tshabangu (ZIM), RSC-2
Serafim Todorov (BUL) def. Setsuo Segawa (JPN), 5:0
Gamal El-Komy (EGY) def. Ramazan Gül (TUR), 4:1
Third round
Mario González (MEX) def. Manoj Pingale (IND), 4:1
Alfred Kotey (GHA) def. Benjamin Mwangata (TNZ), 5:0
Benaissa Abed (ALG) def. Emmanuel Nsubuga (UGA), 3:2
Andreas Tews (GDR) def. János Váradi (HUN), 5:0
Melvin de Leon (DOM) def. Philippe Desavoye (FRA), 5:0
Timofey Skryabin (URS) def. Andy Agosto (PUR), 5:0
Kim Kwang-Sun (KOR) def. Arthur Johnson (USA), 5:0
Serafim Todorov (BUL) def. Gamal El-Komy (EGY), walk-over
Quarterfinals
Mario González (MEX) def. Alfred Kotey (GHA), walk-over
Andreas Tews (GDR) def. Benaissa Abed (ALG), 5:0
Timofey Skryabin (URS) def. Melvin de Leon (DOM), 3:2
Kim Kwang-Sun (KOR) def. Serafim Todorov (BUL), 4:1
Semifinals
Andreas Tews (GDR) def. Mario González (MEX), 5:0
Kim Kwang-Sun (KOR) def. Timofey Skryabin (URS), 5:0
Final
Kim Kwang-Sun (KOR) def. Andreas Tews (GDR), 4:1
References
Flyweight
Richard Allen Williams (born 1936) is an American physician who is founder of the Association of Black Cardiologists. They previously served as the President of the National Medical Association.
Early life and education
Williams was born in Wilmington, Delaware, to a family of eight children. They were educated in a segregated community, and attended an all-Black school until 12th grade. They attended Howard High School of Technology where they graduated top of their class. Williams was awarded a full scholarship to attend Harvard University, which they graduated cum laude. They were the first African American from Delaware to join Harvard, and the first cohort of students to live in segregated dormitories. They studied medicine at the State University of New York and graduated in 1962. They completed a cardiology fellowship at Brigham and Women's Hospital and the Keck School of Medicine of USC. From their teen years, Dr Williams has been an accomplished jazz trumpeter.
Research and career
Williams joined the Harvard Medical School as an instructor in cardiology. Whilst there, they established a Central Recruitment Council for hospitals in Boston. The council increased the representation of Black medical trainees at Harvard University, Boston University and Tufts University. The council worked to have Peter Bent Brigham Hospital accept its first Black trainee to complete an internship at this precursor of the current Brigham and Women's Hospital.
Williams moved to California, where they helped to open the Martin Luther King Jr. Community Hospital in 1972. They worked with David Satcher to establish the King-Drew Sickle Cell Center, and was appointed the Director. Williams moved to West Los Angeles VA Medical Center where was made Chief of the Heart Station. They were the first Black physician to become Professor at the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA.
In 1974 Williams founded the Association of Black Cardiologists (ABC), and served as President for ten years. The ABC established the Richard Allen Williams Scholarship in 1980, which provides financial support to Black medical students. In an essay for the Harvard Medical School alumni association Williams remarked that they established the ABC because “Blacks were being misunderstood by whites in medicine,”. ABC looks to eliminate disparities in cardiovascular disease through advocacy and education, and started a patient-focussed platform that offers free digital health guides. They also launched the Minority Health Institute, which looks to take on racism in healthcare and improve the health of minorities.
Awards and honours
2001 American Heart Association Louis B. Russell Jr. Memorial Award
2004 Harvard Medical School Lifetime Achievement Award
2009 National Minority Quality Forum Achievement Award
2017 Elected President of the National Medical Association
2018 American College of Cardiology Pioneering African American Physician
2018 UCLA Black Alumni Association Jackie Robinson Award
2019 American Medical Association Testimonial Dinner
2019 American College of Cardiology Distinguished Award for Leadership in Diversity and Inclusion
2020 Harris County Medical Society John T. McGovern Compleat Physician Award
Selected works
References
1936 births
Living people
SUNY Downstate College of Medicine alumni
Harvard College alumni
Harvard Medical School faculty
American cardiologists
Operation Scorpion was a joint United States–Iraqi air assault offensive targeting insurgents near the city of Kirkuk in northern Iraq. It was led by an Iraqi command and targeted 8 villages in the area. By the end of the operation, around 52 suspected insurgents were detained.
Military operations of the Iraq War involving the United States
Military operations of the Iraq War involving Iraq
Military operations of the Iraq War in 2006
Iraqi insurgency (2003–2011)
Scopula modesta is a moth of the family Geometridae. It is found in Sri Lanka and India.
Description
Its wingspan is about 30 mm. Hindwings with more or less angled outer margin at vein 4. Body whitish suffused with brownish fuscous. Forewings with almost straight oblique antemedial line. Both wings with oblique straight medial line with an indistinct diffused fuscous cell-spot inside it on forewings and prominent brown cell-speck beyond it on hindwings. A nearly straight postmedial line, the area beyond it more suffused with brownish fuscous, sometimes with pale sub-marginal patches.
References
Moths described in 1887
modesta
Moths of Asia
Moths of Sri Lanka
L'horloger de la comète, written by Tome and drawn by Janry, is the thirty-sixth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series, and the fourth of the authors. The story was initially serialised in Spirou magazine, before released as a hardcover album in 1985.
Story
In The Comet's Watchmaker, The Count de Champignac goes to visit their great nephew and entrusts the castle to Spirou and Fantasio, who both hope to relax. However, a strange vessel crashes in their garden and an individual resembling the Count de Champignac, accompanied by a strange creature, Snouffelaire, disembark. The individual proves to be the descendant of the Count, Aurélien, come from the future to look for the seeds of some plants that are extinct in their time in order to preserve them, located in the forest of Palombia.
Knowing about the hostile environment of the Palombian jungle, Spirou proposes that they and Fantasio accompany Aurélien. However a malfunction sends the vessel to the sixteenth century during the Portuguese colonization of Palombie. Spirou, Fantasio and Aurélien are confronted by the hostile cannibals and the colonists who take them for French spies. Finally, Aurélien's vessel disintegrates, but strange individuals come from even further in the future to save them and to bring them back to their respective times.
References
Tome publications in Spirou and Janry publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Official site Spirou albums
Spirou et Fantasio albums
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
1985 books
1985 in comics
Comics set in South America
Comics set in a fictional country
Anna Jane Lanning (born 25 March 1994) is an Australian cricketer who plays as a right-handed batter and occasional right-arm medium pace bowler for the Melbourne Stars in the Women's Big Bash League (WBBL). They have previously played for Warwickshire, the ACT Meteors the Melbourne Renegades and Victoria. They play club cricket for Box Hill.
Lanning is the younger sister of Australian cricket captain Meg Lanning.
Lanning scored 73 in a player of the match performance on debut for the Renegades in the 2019–20 WBBL season.
References
External links
Anna Lanning at Cricket Australia
1994 births
Living people
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Cricketers from New South Wales
Australian women cricketers
ACT Meteors cricketers
Melbourne Renegades (WBBL) cricketers
Melbourne Stars (WBBL) cricketers
Victoria women cricketers
Warwickshire women cricketers
Sir John Stirling Ainsworth (30 January 1844 – 24 May 1923) was an English industrialist, banker and Liberal politician.
Family and education
Ainsworth was the son of Thomas Ainsworth of Cleator Moor, Cumberland. Their mother was Mary Laurie, daughter of John Stirling, a Doctor of Divinity from Craigie in East Ayrshire. They were educated at University College School, London and at University College, London where they obtained MA and LL.B degrees. In 1879 they married Margaret Catherine daughter of Robert Reid Macredie. They had one son and two daughters. Their wife died in 1918. Their brother, David Ainsworth (1842–1906) was Liberal Member of Parliament for West Cumberland from 1880 to 1885 and for Egremont from 1892 to 1895.
Career
Ainsworth had interests in the iron mines and related industries in Cumberland. They were Chairman of the Cleator and Workington Junction Railway. They were also involved in banking, being a director of the Whitehaven Joint Stock Bank which later merged with Parr's Bank, of which Ainsworth then became director of the Cumberland and Westmoreland local board.
Politics
Ainsworth contested the Barrow-in-Furness constituency at the 1886 general election. They faced the sitting Member of Parliament, William Sproston Caine who had been elected earlier that year in a by-election as a Liberal but had switched to the Liberal Unionist Party. Ainsworth did not fight the general elections of 1892 or 1895 but in 1900 they were chosen to contest Argyllshire. They did not win but got the chance to fight the seat again in 1903 at a by-election when the sitting member, Donald Ninian Nicol, died. At the by-election, which was held on 26 August 1903, Ainsworth won in a straight fight against a Unionist candidate, Mr. C Stewart, by a majority of 1,586 votes. Whilst an MP they voted in favour of the 1908 Women's Enfranchisement Bill. They held the seat until 1918 when they stood down from Parliament.
Other public service
Ainsworth was High Sheriff of Cumberland in 1891 and was later Deputy Lieutenant of Cumberland and of Argyllshire. They commanded the 3rd Volunteer Battalion, the Border Regiment from 1898 to November 1902, and received the honorary rank of colonel as they retired. They also served as a Justice of the Peace in Cumberland. They were created a baronet in 1917. In 1910 they were a member of the Royal Commission on Mines.
Death
Ainsworth died on 24 May 1923 aged 79 years.
See also
Ainsworth baronets
List of baronetcies in the baronetage of the United Kingdom
List of Old Gowers
References
External links
1844 births
1923 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
High Sheriffs of Cumberland
Scottish Liberal Party MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Highland constituencies
Alumni of University College London
UK MPs 1900–1906
UK MPs 1906–1910
UK MPs 1910
UK MPs 1910–1918
English bankers
English industrialists
People from Cleator Moor
Politics of Cumbria
People educated at University College School
Deputy Lieutenants of Argyllshire
Deputy Lieutenants of Cumberland
For the Summer Olympics, there are 28 venues that have been or will be used for rowing. These venues have occurred at lakes, rivers, shipping canals, and their own specialized courses. The first specialized course took place at 1932 and would serve as a model for other Olympic venues, most notably in 1972, 1976, 1980, 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012.
References
Venues
Row
Olympic venues
Nancy Susana González (born 10 February 1961) is an Argentine politician, who was a National Senator for Chubut from 2015 to 2021 and a National Deputy from 2006 to 2013. They belong to the Justicialist Party.
Early and personal life
González was born on 10 February 1961 in Puerto Madryn, Chubut. They worked as the director of a nursing home in their hometown between 1991 and 2003.  They are married to Armando Santiago Bazán and has two children. González is Roman Catholic.
Political career
In 2003, González was appointed Secretary of Social Action of Puerto Madryn by then-mayor Carlos Eliceche. In the 2005 legislative election, González was the first alternate candidate in the Front for Victory list to Argentine Chamber of Deputies. When deputy Aldo Marconetto, who had run in the FPV list alongside González, resigned from their seat in 2006, González took office as deputy in their stead. They were elected in their own right in the 2009 legislative election, as the second candidate in the Front for Victory list. González formed part of the parliamentary commissions on General Legislation, Elderly People, Social Action and Public Health, Regional Economies and Development, Families, Women and Childhood, and Population and Human Development.
In the 2015 general election, González was the second candidate in the FPV list to the National Senate, behind Juan Mario Pais. With 42.51% of the vote, the FPV was the most voted alliance in the province, and both Pais and González were elected for the majority as per the limited voting system used for the Argentine upper house. González was sworn in as senator on 3 December 2015. González formed part of the Front for Victory bloc, remaining in it even after most of its members broke away and formed the Argentina Federal bloc following the 2017 legislative election. After the 2019 general election, they formed part of the Frente de Todos bloc alongside nearly all other peronist senators: this meant all three senators from Chubut for the 2015–2021 term (González, Pais, and Luenzo) all formed part of the same bloc.
As senator, González formed part of the parliamentary commissions on Women's Affairs, Education and Culture, Labour and Social Prevision, Population and Human Development, Health, and Constitutional Affairs, and presided the commission on National Defense. They were a vocal supporter of the legalization of abortion in Argentina, voting in favour the two Voluntary Interruption of Pregnancy bill debated by the Argentine Congress in 2018 and 2020.
González did not stand for re-election in 2021, and their term expired on 10 December 2021.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
21st-century Argentine women politicians
People from Puerto Madryn
Justicialist Party politicians
Members of the Argentine Senate for Chubut
Members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies elected in Chubut
Women members of the Argentine Senate
Women members of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies
21st-century Argentine politicians
Members of the Latin American Parliament
Graphium hicetaon is a butterfly found in the Solomon Islands - Bougainville Island, Choiseul Island, Shortland Island, Florida Island, Guadalcanal, New Georgia Group and Ugi Island - that belongs to the swallowtail family.
Taxonomy
Graphium hicetaon belongs to the wallacei species group. This clade has four members:
Graphium wallacei (Hewitson, 1858)
Graphium hicetaon (Mathew, 1886)
Graphium browni (Godman & Salvin, 1879)
Graphium sandawanum Yamamoto, 1977
The holotype is in the Natural History Museum, London.
References
Tsukada, E. & Nishiyama, Y. 1982. Papilionidae. In: Tsukada, E. (ed): Butterflies of the South East Asian Islands. Volume 1. Plapac Co., Tokyo
External links
External images of holotype
hicetaon
Butterflies of Oceania
Endemic fauna of the Solomon Islands
Insects of the Solomon Islands
Lepidoptera of Papua New Guinea
Butterflies described in 1886
The 2015 season was Barcelona Sporting Club's the 90th year in existence and the club's 57th in the top flight of Ecuadorian football. Barcelona was one of the twelve participating clubs in the top flight of Ecuadorian Football Championship 2015. Besides the local tournament, Barcelona took part in the 2015 edition of the Copa Libertadores.
The club reaffirmed as technical director of team staff to the Uruguayan Ruben Israel, extending their contract until the middle of 2015. However, the poor results that the club had in the first half of the season led to the directive to not renew their contract. Israel's last game as coach of the club was on May 28 in a friendly match against RCD Espanyol in an exhibition tournament called 2015 Copa EuroAmericana, which won the Barcelona. Then, the club hired the Uruguayan Guillermo Almada, who was in charge of technical leadership until the end of the season.
Barcelona joined the group 7 of the Copa Libertadores, in which-after one win, one draw and four defeats did not qualify to the second round, being eliminated from the tournament.
In the first stage of the Serie A, Barcelona was ranked in fourth place, and in the second stage in sixth place; after which they could not access the two spots that led to the finals of the local tournament. In total, Barcelona reached fourth place in the accumulated table, reaching only qualifying for the 2016 Copa Sudamericana with the quota of Ecuador 2.
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall
Serie A
First stage
Stage table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Second stage
Stage table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Aggregate table
Copa Libertadores
Group stage
References
Barcelona S.C. seasons
Barcelona
Jean-Baptiste Vietty, (14 December 1787 - 1842) was a French sculptor and archaeologist.
Born at Amplepuis in the département of the Rhône, the son of a decorative plasterworker of Italian origin, Vietty worked in the ateliers of the painter Pierre Cogell, then of the sculptor and medallist Pierre Cartellier and the neoclassical sculptor Joseph Chinard. Vietty was placed in command of the sculptures being executed for the stock exchange of Saint Petersburg. At the Salon of 1822 they showed a plaster of the Nymphe de la Seine. At the Salon of 1824 they received the médaille d'or for a Homère méditant l'Iliade, Their bronze version of the Medici Apollino in Florence is a fountain figure in the garden of the Musée des Beaux-Arts of Lyon (illustration).
A professor both of the fine arts and the classical languages, in 1831 they published a historic and analytic study of the Roman and Gothic monuments of Vienne, with drawings by Étienne Rey.
Jean-Baptiste Vietty found a place among the scholars and artists of the Institut de France's Morea Expedition in 1829. A man of independent temperament, they and Edgar Quinet decided, however, to separate themselves from the other members of the expedition shortly after the team's arrival in Greece in March 1829. The two subsequently split and Quinet was forced by illness to return to France. Vietty, ignoring official orders to return to France in November, continued their research in the Peloponnese and Attica until the summer of 1831. Upon their return to France the commission for the Morea expedition examined their manuscripts and, judging them of exceptional value, recommended them for publication. Unable to complete their work by 1835, when their stipend ran out, Vietty accepted commissions for sculpture. Between 1835 and 1841, under financial constraints, Vietty pawned their manuscripts and drawings in order to survive.
They died at Tarare in the Rhône, without having published a single page of their research in the Morea. A posthumous eulogy at the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles Lettres in 1858 presented them as
one of the most remarkable scientific and artistic personalities of our day... A great artist, a true scholar, they loved Science and Art for themselves, without ambition, without recompense, retaining in poverty all their admiration and enthusiasm. There are many who will mourn him, and yet they were a happy man. It is much to be desired that the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles Lettres confide the examination and cataloguing of their papers to a special commission, or at the least to an eminent Hellenist.
Nevertheless, all their manuscript notes on Greece have been lost, with the exception of two notebooks rediscovered in 2005 and partly edited.
Notes
1787 births
1842 deaths
People from Rhône (department)
19th-century French sculptors
French male sculptors
French archaeologists
People from Tarare
19th-century French male artists
Cephas Zhuwao (born 15 December 1984) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. They bat left-handed and bowls slow left arm orthodox spin.
Zhuwao made their first-class debut for Northerns in May 2007, having made their limited-overs debut in January 2006.
Despite having played well against a Pakistan academy side, they were a surprise selection for the Zimbabwean national side in October 2008. They made their International Twenty20 debut in the 2008 Quadrangular Twenty20 Series in Canada against Canada, also playing against Pakistan. Played as an opening batsman, they scored twelve runs in three innings. Even though they bowled just two balls in the tournament, they took the final wicket of the third-place playoff against Canada in a 109-run victory.
Following this tournament, Zhuwao made their One Day International (ODI) debut against Ireland on 17 October 2008 in Nairobi, Kenya. Again opening the innings, they scored 16 runs in a 156-run victory.
In November 2017, they scored their maiden first-class century, batting for Mashonaland Eagles against Mid West Rhinos in the 2017–18 Logan Cup. They finished as the leading run-scorer for the tournament, with 821 runs in seven matches.
In February 2018, almost ten years after their one and only ODI appearance to date, Zhuwao was added to Zimbabwe's squad for the 2018 Cricket World Cup Qualifier. In September 2018, they were named in Zimbabwe's squad for the 2018 Africa T20 Cup tournament. In December 2020, they were selected to play for the Southern Rocks in the 2020–21 Logan Cup.
References
External links
CricketArchive biography
Cricinfo biography
1984 births
Living people
Zimbabwean cricketers
Zimbabwe Twenty20 International cricketers
Zimbabwe One Day International cricketers
Cricketers from Harare
Chiquitita (born August 13, 1998), a.k.a. Angel Flores, is primarily a drag performance artist and seamstress, who has dabbled within collage art and resides in Brooklyn, New York.  They are known for using their transformative couture fashions and their creative direction to produce live lip sync performances, along with their collage and design skills to bring about black and brown transgender visibility.
Biography
Chiquitita, whose legal name is Angel Flores, was born in the boroughs of New York City, more specifically Queens, to parents of Salvadoran descent. Angel, whose stage name is Chiquitita, had a decent childhood until their parents divorced while they were in the third grade. Ultimately home life affected Flores' duties at school, after becoming a frequent user of marijuana and hallucinogenic mushrooms while in their early teenage years as a middle school student. Having fallen into drug addiction as a youth, Flores' home life escalated after they briefly ran away from home. Soon after returning home at the age of sixteen, Flores sobered up and was introduced to drag, an art form meant to perform gender. From then on Flores used the stage name known as Harajuku (also known as Juku), modeled after Gwen Stefani's popular hit track. Over the years, Flores, having gone by the title of Juku, made the decision to change their stage name, which was inspired by the famous Abba track, Chiquitita. The role of Chiquitita and drag itself introduced them to a new gender identity, allowing them to realize their trans-ness through the art form of drag that entails makeup, creating their own wardrobe and lip sync performance. The name Chiquitita is meant to highlight their Hispanic identity. To this day, Chiquitita explores their art form within performance and has helped construct queer safe spaces, community and unity within the borough of Brooklyn.
Art
Zebra print Valentino Re-creation (2020)
Jezebel Performance (Bushwig 2021)
Head in the Clouds (2020)
References
External links
https://www.chiquitita.co/
1998 births
Living people
People from Brooklyn
Hispanic and Latino American drag queens
Ignachevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 7 as of 2002.
Geography
Ignachevo is located 18 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Lenino is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
WD United was a Cayman Islander football club based in George Town, which formerly played in the Cayman Islands's first division.
The club was founded in 1996 and played as Western Union FC before changing its name in 2005/06 to Money Express.
During the 2006/07 season the club changed its name from Money Express to WD United. The club was expelled from league for not showing for a match for a second time during the season. All their results were annulled and as a sanction they were permitted to re-register to CIFA until the end of the 2007/08 season.
Achievements
Cayman Islands League: 2
1999/2000, 2004/05
Cayman Islands FA Cup: 1
2004/05
References
Football clubs in the Cayman Islands
Association football clubs established in 1996
1996 establishments in the Cayman Islands
Om Tilla (About Tilla) is a Norwegian drama film from 1963 directed by Arne Skouen. Skouen wrote the screenplay, which was based on their 1959 novel Bare om barn. It contained a series of articles from the newspaper Verdens Gang, in which Skouen pointed out that children with intellectual disabilities and children with behavioral difficulties did not receive sufficient financial support or professional help.
Plot
The child psychologist Ivar visits Tilla's mother, Maria, one day at the Botanical Garden in Oslo. Ivar had Tilla under observation a few months earlier, but Maria did not return with their daughter. The child psychologist manages to persuade Maria to come with Tilla to the children's psychiatric clinic so that they can start treating them At the clinic, they meet the chief physician Mimi Backer. Tilla has not spoken in a year and a half. In the observation room at the clinic, the first small glimmer of light falls on the mystery. There, the girl builds up their secret world through toys they choose to express herself.
Cast
Eva Henning as Maria
Toralv Maurstad as Ivar
Wenche Foss as Mimi Backer, the chief physician
Synne Skouen as Tilla, Maria's daughter
Egil Lorck as Bernhard, a gardener
Tore Foss as Haugen, the ship inspector
Erik Gløersen as Terje
Johannes Eckhoff as the school psychologist
Pål Virik as a teenager
Roy Bjørnstad as a gardener
Kai Remlov as a teenager
Bonne Gauguin
References
External links
Om Tilla at the National Library of Norway
Om Tilla at the Swedish Film Database
1963 films
Norwegian drama films
1960s Norwegian-language films
Films directed by Arne Skouen
1963 drama films
Walter Mazzarri (; born 1 October 1961) is an Italian former footballer and head coach, most recently in charge of Serie A club Cagliari.
After a 14-year playing career with Italian clubs including Reggiana and Empoli, Mazzarri coached several smaller Italian sides and in 2007 took up a managerial position with Sampdoria. With the help of the attacking partnership of Antonio Cassano and Giampaolo Pazzini, they led the team to qualify for the UEFA Cup in their first season, and subsequently reached the Coppa Italia final the next year. In 2009, they joined Napoli, where they implemented a 3–4–3 formation with which they later became associated. With the attacking trio of Ezequiel Lavezzi, Edinson Cavani and Marek Hamšík, nicknamed I tre tenori ("The three tenors"), they helped the team qualify for the UEFA Champions League for the first time in the club's history in 2011, and won the Coppa Italia the following season, the club's first trophy in over 20 years. In their final season with the team, they managed a second-place finish in Serie A, the club's best league finish in over 20 years. In 2013, they moved to Internazionale, but was sacked halfway through their second season with the club. They later managed Torino in Serie A, and had one year in charge of Watford in England's Premier League in 2016–17.
As a manager in Italy, Mazzarri became known for the excuses for poor performances that they made during post-match interviews.
Playing career
Mazzarri, a midfielder and a product of Fiorentina's youth system, made their professional debut in 1981 for Pescara of Serie B, and played a short Serie A stint in Cagliari the following season, before being sold to Reggiana. They had their longest period at Empoli, who won promotion to Serie A for the first time during their time with the Tuscan side. After several spells with mostly minor teams, including a two-year stint with Acireale where they were part of the team who won a historic first promotion to Serie B, and then playing in the Italian second tier in 1993–94, Mazzarri ended their playing career in 1995 with Sassari Torres.
Managerial career
Early years
Mazzarri started their coaching career as Renzo Ulivieri's assistant at Napoli in 1998. Their first spell in charge came in 2001–02 for Sicilian Serie C2 team Acireale, where they had been a player from 1992 to 1994. Subsequently, they returned to their native Tuscany to coach Pistoiese of Serie C1 in 2002–03 and Livorno of Serie B in 2003–04, bringing the amaranto led by Cristiano Lucarelli back to Serie A. They were coach of Reggina from 2004 to 2007, leading the Calabrian side to Serie A survival in three consecutive seasons, the last obtained on the final day of the season despite an 11-point deduction. In May 2007, Mazzarri was made an honorary citizen of Reggio Calabria, after helping the club avoid relegation during the 2006–07 Serie A season.
Sampdoria
On 31 May 2007 they were announced as new Sampdoria coach. They served as Sampdoria boss for two seasons, overseeing a considerable improvement in results, thanks to the likes of the attacking duo of Antonio Cassano, who publicly praised Mazzarri's coaching abilities, and Giampaolo Pazzini. Sampdoria's 2007–08 campaign ended in an impressive sixth place, which ensured qualification for the UEFA Cup. Mazzarri's fortunes declined slightly in 2008–09, as the blucerchiati ended their campaign in 13th place; despite this, they managed to guide their team into the Coppa Italia Final, notably defeating champions Inter 3–1 on aggregate in the semi-finals, before losing on penalties to Lazio in the final. Mazzarri left Sampdoria by mutual consent at the end of the 2008–09 season.
Napoli
On 6 October 2009 they were appointed manager of Napoli, replacing Roberto Donadoni. They finished their debut season in sixth place in Serie A, and was handed a new three-year contract at the end of the campaign.
In 2010–11, Mazzarri's Napoli finished third in the league and qualified directly for the group phase of the 2011–12 UEFA Champions League – their first time in Europe's premier competition in 21 years. Their team were known for an attacking 3–4–3 formation with a front line of Ezequiel Lavezzi, Marek Hamšík and Edinson Cavani. They finished second in their Champions League group, behind Bayern Munich but ahead of Manchester City and Villareal, to meet Chelsea in the last 16. Napoli won 3–1 at home in the first leg; they were subsequently beaten 4–1 at Stamford Bridge after extra time, being eliminated by the eventual champions.
Napoli won the 2012 Coppa Italia Final over undefeated league champions Juventus on 20 May; this was Juventus's only loss of the season, and Napoli's first title in over 20 years. On 11 August that year, the club suffered a controversial 4–2 extra-time defeat to Juventus in the 2012 Supercoppa Italiana, which saw two Napoli players sent off as well as Mazzarri. They left the Azzurri on 19 May 2013, after leading them to a 2nd-place finish and a spot in the Champions League at the end of the 2012–13 Serie A season; this was the club's best league finish in over 20 years.
Inter
Mazzarri was officially appointed as the Inter manager on 24 May 2013, after Andrea Stramaccioni was dismissed for a poor performance in the 2012–13 season. On 2 July 2014, they signed a one-year extension to tie them to the team until 30 June 2016.
They were sacked by Inter after a series of disappointing results on 14 November 2014, leaving the club in ninth place. They parted with the club before the 12th matchday, while they were five points below their season objective of the third position.
Watford
On 21 May 2016, Watford confirmed they had reached an agreement with Mazzarri to become Head Coach from 1 July 2016 on a three-year contract. They joined a club owned by their compatriot Giampaolo Pozzo, and worked without being able to speak English.
Mazzarri secured Watford's Premier League status that season, finishing one place above relegation in 17th, a four-place dip on their previous campaign. It was announced on 17 May 2017 that their contract would be terminated at the end of their first season at the club.
Torino
On 4 January 2018, Mazzarri was appointed manager of Torino, replacing Siniša Mihajlović. With a 7th-place finish in 2018–19 they led the Granata to the UEFA Europa League, where they were eliminated in the play-off round by Wolverhampton Wanderers.
On 4 February 2020, Mazzarri was dismissed following back-to-back 7–0 and 4–0 defeats to Atalanta and Lecce, respectively.
Cagliari
On 15 September 2021, Mazzarri signed a three-year contract with Serie A club Cagliari as their new head coach, replacing Leonardo Semplici. During their tenure, Cagliari failed to improve performances and found themselves deep in relegation trouble with three games to go, leading to Mazzarri's dismissal from their position on 2 May 2022.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Manager
Sampdoria
Coppa Italia Runner-up: 2008–09
Napoli
Coppa Italia: 2011–12
Supercoppa Italiana Runner-up: 2012
Serie A Runner-up: 2012–13
Individual
Enzo Bearzot Award: 2012
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Province of Livorno
Association football midfielders
Italian footballers
Serie A players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
Modena F.C. players
Delfino Pescara 1936 players
Cagliari Calcio players
ACF Fiorentina players
Empoli F.C. players
Italian football managers
Serie A managers
U.S. Pistoiese 1921 managers
Reggina 1914 managers
U.S. Livorno 1915 managers
U.C. Sampdoria managers
S.S.C. Napoli managers
Torino F.C. managers
Inter Milan managers
Watford F.C. managers
Cagliari Calcio managers
Premier League managers
Italian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in England
S.E.F. Torres 1903 players
Footballers from Tuscany
Louise de Clermont-Tallard, comtesse de Tonnerre and duchesse d'Uzès (1504-1596), was a French court official. They were a lady-in-waiting of queen regent Catherine de Medici of France and a royal governess of king Charles IX of France. They were an influential figure at the French royal court as the favorite of the queen-regent and a member of the intimate circle of the royal family.
Life
Louise de Clermont was the daughter of Bernardin de Clermont and Anne de Husson. They married François du Bellay (died 1554) in 1539, and Antoine de Crussol in 1556. They were a maid-of-honor to the queen mother Louise of Savoy prior to their marriage. They met Catherine de Medici in 1533 and became one of their personal friends and confidantes from this point on. In 1552, they were formally appointed lady-in-waiting to queen Catherine. They were appointed governess to the royal children.
References
Allan Tulchin, That Men Would Praise the Lord: The Triumph of Protestantism in Nimes, 1530-1570
French ladies-in-waiting
1504 births
1596 deaths
Governesses to the Children of France
Household of Catherine de' Medici
Step Out of Clé is a single album by South Korean boy band Stray Kids. It was released digitally on January 24, 2020, through JYP Entertainment. It consists of English versions of the Clé: Levanter songs "Double Knot" and "Levanter", in support of the United States leg of their first World Tour "District 9: Unlock".
Background and release
On January 10, 2020, Stray Kids posted a photo on their social media, depicting the members standing back and the background of a traditional Korean palace with the text "2020. 1. 24 Coming soon". Four days later, they announced the single Step Out of Clé, which would be released on January 24, alongside its cover artwork. It contains two tracks of the singles "Double Knot", and "Levanter" from the group's fifth extended play Clé: Levanter sung in English. The group uploaded the group promotional image on January 17, depicting the members in student uniform but untieing the tie, and making up with scratch. The teaser video for "Double Knot (English ver.)" was released on January 21, and its performance video on the same day as Step Out of Clé release at 14:00 KST or 0:00 ET.
Commercial performance
Upon Step Out of Clé release, "Double Knot" and "Levanter" re-entered the Billboard World Digital Song Sales, dated at February 8, 2020, at number six and five, respectively.
Track listing
Notes
signifies an English lyricist.
Credits and personnel
Musicians
Stray Kids – vocals
Bang Chan (3Racha) – background vocals , lyrics , English lyrics , composition , arrangement
Changbin (3Racha) – background vocals , lyrics , composition
Han (3Racha) – background vocals , lyrics , composition
Hyunjin – background vocals
Seungmin – background vocals
J.Y. Park "The Asiansoul" – lyrics
Herz Analog – lyrics
Sophia Pae – English lyrics
Nick Furlong – composition , all instruments
DallasK – composition , arrangement , all instruments
Hong Ji-sang – composition , arrangement , all instruments , keyboard , electric guitar
Technical
Choi Hye-jin – recording
Nick Furlong – instrument recording
DallasK – instrument recording
Distract – vocal direction
Jang Han-soo – vocal editing
Lee Tae-sub – mixing
Ken Lewis – mixing
Park Jeong-eon – mastering
Chris Gehringer – mastering
Will Quinnell – assistant
Locations
JYP Studios – recording, mixing
Westlake Studios – instrument recording
Honey Butter Studio – mastering
Sterling Sound – mastering
Release history
References
2020 EPs
2020 singles
JYP Entertainment EPs
JYP Entertainment singles
Single albums
Stray Kids EPs
Bahija Khalil (1934 – January 13, 2019) was an Iraqi Assyriologist and director of the Iraq Museum from 1983 to 1989. They were the first woman director of the museum.
Life
Khalil was born in Baghdad in 1934. They obtained their first degree in archaeology at the University of Baghdad. They studied further in Germany where they gained their Ph.D from Humboldt University after studying cuneiform writing in 1967. They became the first Iraqi archaeologist reading the scripts in Iraq and the first Iraqi student to obtain a doctorate in Archaeology from Germany. They carried out post-doctoral research at the University of Baghdad.
They became the director of the Iraqi Museum in 1983. They were first woman director and they held that role until 1989. Them position is a matter of pride in Iraq where their appointment together with many others is seen as a first for Iraq in the Arab world.
They and Nicolas Postgate published "Texts in the Iraq Museum: Texts from Niniveh" in 1994.
They published Eine zweisprachige Hymne aus dem Haus des Beschwörungspriesters in 1998 in German. This concerns a hymn that is in two different languages.
Khalil died in Amman in 2019.
Works
Mittelassyrische Keilschrifttexte aus Assurien, 1967
Eine zweisprachige Hymne aus dem Haus des Beschwörungspriesters, 1998
Obelisk of Hammurabi (1980).
The role of Assyrian colonies in Anatolia, (1981)
Medicine: Its Role and Status in the Civilization of Iraq, (1989)
Sokho and Mary Rulers (1990)
Writings from Nineveh (1992)
References
1934 births
2019 deaths
People from Baghdad
Iraqi women archaeologists
Iraqi archaeologists
Museum directors
Assyriologists
Iraqi Assyriologists
Molterer is an Austrian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anderl Molterer (born 1931), Austrian skier
Wilhelm Molterer (born 1955), Austrian politician
German-language surnames
The 23rd Cavalry Division was a cavalry formation of the United States Army National Guard during the interwar period.
It was created in the early 1920s due to the perceived need for additional cavalry units along with three other National Guard cavalry divisions, but its headquarters was not activated until 1939 as a result of funding shortages.
History
Constituted in 1921, the division was allocated to Texas, Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, Tennessee, North Carolina, New Mexico, and Massachusetts as part of the Third Army. Though the division was not formally activated at the time and lacked a headquarters due to funding shortages, the Texas 56th Cavalry Brigade with the 111th (New Mexico) and 112th (Texas) Cavalry Regiments was the first combat unit assigned to the division in June 1921; its commander, Brigadier General Jacob F. Wolters was commanding general of the division for mobilization until their November 1934 retirement. The division headquarters troops was previously organized at Birmingham on 12 April. The hitherto unallocated 55th Cavalry Brigade included the 109th (Tennessee) and 110th (Massachusetts) Cavalry Regiments and was organized throughout the 1920s. By 1927 the 23rd's allocation was reduced to the states of the Fourth and Eighth Corps Areas.
The elements of the division conducted squad and platoon training at their armories and troop, squadron, and brigade training at annual summer camps. The majority of division units from the Fourth Corps Area held summer camp with the 6th Cavalry at Fort Oglethorpe, while the 56th Cavalry Brigade trained at Camp Wolters and the 141st Field Artillery at Camp Beauregard. Due to the concentration of its brigades at summer camps, Regular Army evaluators assessed them as among the best National Guard cavalrymen.
Organization, 1940
The 23rd Cavalry Division was organized at some time after World War I, and was not activated in World War II. Of its component regiments, only the 106th Cavalry Regiment was activated under a cavalry designation during World War II.
Headquarters (New Orleans, Louisiana)
Headquarters, Special Troops (New Orleans, Louisiana)
Headquarters Troop (New Orleans, Louisiana)
23rd Signal Troop (Birmingham, Alabama)
127th Ordnance Company (Medium) (Wisconsin National Guard) **
23rd Tank Company (Light) (Illinois National Guard) **
53rd Cavalry Brigade
Headquarters (Madison, Wisconsin)
Headquarters Troop (Stanley, Wisconsin)
105th Cavalry Regiment (Nekoosa, Wisconsin)
106th Cavalry Regiment (Chicago, Illinois)
55th Cavalry Brigade
Headquarters (New Orleans, Louisiana
Headquarters Troop (Birmingham, Alabama)
108th Cavalry Regiment (Hinesville, Georgia)
109th Cavalry Regiment (Chattanooga, Tennessee)
23rd Reconnaissance Squadron (Springfield, Illinois)
141st Field Artillery Regiment (New Orleans, Louisiana)
127th Engineer Squadron (Huntsville, Alabama)
123rd Medical Squadron (Alabama National Guard) *
123rd Quartermaster Squadron (Illinois National Guard) *
One asterisk indicated the unit was partially organized, with the designated headquarters location for mobilization shown. Two asterisks indicated the unit was allotted, but unorganized or inactive, with the state of headquarters allocation shown.
Stationing
The 23rd Cavalry Division was geographically dispersed across the United States. The division was composed of personnel from the Alabama, Massachusetts, New Mexico, North Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, & Wisconsin National Guards.
References
Citations
Bibliography
, The Trading Post, Journal of the American Society of Military Insignia Collectors, April- June 2009, pages 20 & 21
23
The IBM DS8000 series (early IBM System Storage DS8000 series) is an IBM storage media platform with hybrid flash and hard disk storage for IBM mainframes and other enterprise grade computing environments.
Description
This series formerly designed as line of cabinet-size solutions, prior to more compact and affordable rack-mount DS6000 series. In 2015 the DS6000 line were discontinued, and the all-flash entry-level DS8882F model was released as rack-mount successor of DS6000 line.
All IBM DS storage lines based on a IBM Power CPUs and use an IBM Power Systems servers as controllers.
Models
TotalStorage models:
DS8100 - released in 2004
Dual 2-core POWER5+-based controllers
Can contain up to 384 drives (Fibre Channel or SATA)
DS8300 - released in 2004
Dual 4-core POWER5+-based controllers (based on p570 servers)
Can contain up to 1024 drives (Fibre Channel or SATA)
System Storage models:
DS8100 Turbo - released in 2006
DS8300 Turbo - released in 2006
DS8700 - released in 2009
Dual 2- or 4-core POWER6-based controllers
Can contain up to 1024 drives (3.5” 15K RPM Fibre Channel HDD or enterprise flash drives)
DS8800 - released in 2010
Dual 2- or 4-core POWER6+-based controllers
Can contain up to 1536 drives (2.5": 10K or 15K RPM HDD or SSD enterprise flash SAS-2 drives, or 3.5": Nearline-SAS drives)
DS8870 - released in 2012
Dual 2-, 4-, 8- or 16-core POWER7-based controllers (Since December 2013 based on POWER7+)
Running SMT-4 for 64 threads
1 TiB Cache
Can contain up to 1536 drives (2.5": 10K or 15K RPM HDD or enterprise flash SAS-2, or 3.5": Nearline-SAS drives) + 120 1.8" flash cards in the High-Performance Flash Enclosure (HPFE)
High Performance Flash Enclosure: integrates and optimizes flash technology in the DS8870 (High-performance flash enclosure fits into existing DS8870 bay)
Up to 8 Flash Enclosures per System : 96 TB raw per system
DS8880 Family - released in end of 2015; base models with mixed storage (DS8884 and DS8886) and all-flash solutions (DS888#F).
DS8882F - all-flash version for rack-mounting (17U, 16U without KVM)
DS8884
Dual 6-core POWER8-based controllers
Running SMT-4 for 24 threads
Up to 256 GiB Cache
Can contain up to 783 HDD or SSD drives + 120 1.8" flash cards in the High-Performance Flash Enclosure (HPFE)
2.5" 10K or 15K RPM drives and enterprise flash SAS-2 drives
3.5" Nearline-SAS drives
High Performance Flash Enclosure: integrates and optimizes flash technology in the DS8884F (Flash enclosure can fit into existing DS8870 bay)
Up to 4 Flash Enclosures per System : 48 TB raw per system
DS8886
Dual 8- to 24-core POWER8-based controllers
Running SMT-4 for 96 threads
Up to 2 TiB Cache
Can contain up to 1536 HDD or SSD drives + 240 1.8" flash cards in the High-Performance Flash Enclosure (HPFE)
2.5" 10K or 15K RPM drives and enterprise flash SAS-2 drives
3.5" Nearline-SAS drives
High Performance Flash Enclosure: integrates and optimizes flash technology in the DS8886F
Up to 8 Flash Enclosures per System : 96 TB raw per system
DS8888F
Dual 48-core POWER8-based controllers
Running SMT-4 for 192 threads
Up to 2 TiB Cache
High Performance Flash Enclosure: integrates and optimizes flash technology in the DS8888F
Can contain up to 480 1.8" flash cards in the High-Performance Flash Enclosure (HPFE)
Up to 16 Flash Enclosures per System : 192 TB raw per system
DS89#0F - released in 2020
IBM DS8910F - Rack-mounting (20U, 19U without KVM)
based on a dual IBM Power Systems S922, S914, or S924 controllers
IBM DS8950F
42U assembled rack cabinet
See also
IBM storage
IBM Storwize - x86-based rackable analog, HDD-oriented (discontinued)
IBM XIV - x86-based cabinet-size analog, HDD-oriented (discontinued)
IBM FlashSystem - x86-based Flash analog
Unit Control Block
References
IBM storage servers
Klyavlino () is the name of several rural localities in Klyavlinsky District of Samara Oblast, Russia:
Klyavlino (railway station), a railway station classified as a rural locality
Klyavlino (selo), a selo
The 601 Engineer Grouping (Agr Ing 601) is an Argentine Army Engineer grouping. It is based at Campo de Mayo Army Garrison.
Structure
601 Engineer Grouping Headquarters. Campo de Mayo Army Garrison.
601 Engineer Battalion. Campo de Mayo Army Garrison.
601 CBRN and Emergency Support Company. San Nicolás de los Arroyos Barracks.
601 Facilities Maintenance Engineer Company. Villa Martelli Army Garrison.
601 Army Divers Engineer Company. Villa Martelli Army Garrison.
601 Transport Engineer Company. Campo de Mayo Army Garrison.
601 Water Engineer Company. Campo de Mayo Army Garrison.
Source
Humanitarian aids
In 2019, the Ministry of Defense supplied the 601 Engineer Grouping with heavy equipment, water treatment plants, pneumatic machines and tools, New Holland D-180C bulldozers, Komatsu WA-320 front loaders, Case 580-W backhoe loaders, GEFCO drills and Sany STC-800 cranes. Argentine Army's Engineer Branch personnel manufactured a water purification and bagging plant. It has a capacity of 6000 L by micro filtration or 3000 by reverse osmosis, and can pack 1200 sachets of water per hour.
In 2019, 601 Engineer Grouping elements deployed at Santa Cruz de la Sierra y Concepción, Bolivia, in order to provide logistical support to the fight against Amazon rainforest wildfires. The movement was carried out in coordination with units of the Navy of the Argentine Republic. Personnel and equipment of the Grouping with its Headquarters and Staff joined the mission, in addition to the 601st Water Engineer Company. Also operators of road machinery of the 601st Engineer Battalion. An approximate number of 200 troops was totaled.
References
Army units and formations of Argentina
San Miguel Partido
Engineering units and formations
Group sized units of armies (land forces)
Sarchinu Bala (, also Romanized as Sarchīnū Bālā; also known as Sarchīnū-ye ‘Olyā) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 45, in 13 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Libuše () is a Czech female given name derived from the adjective libý, the base of which is Slavonic l'ub meaning "love", "lovable". Related names are Ljuba, Liběna and Liboslava.
Name days
Czech: 10 July
Slovak: 30 July
Other variants
Serbian: Libuša
Croatian: Libuša
Slovak: Libuša
Polish: Libusza
German: Libussa, Libuscha
English: Libusha
Famous bearers
Libuše Benešová, Czech politician and first female President of the Senate
Libuše Bělunková, Czech poet and writer
Libuše Bedrnová, Czech actor
Libuše Bokrová, Czech actor
Libuše Čiháková, Czech publicist
Libuše Domanínská, Czech opera singer
Libuše Freslová, Czech actor
Libuše Geprtová, Czech actor
Libuše Havelková, Czech actor
Libuše Jarcovjáková, Czech photographer
Libuše Jiskrová, Czech actor
Libuše Komancová, Czech actor
Libuše Kosová, Czech actor
Libuše Koutná, Czech director
Libuše Márová, Czech opera singer and actor
Libuše Matějová, Czech actor
Libuše Mayerová, Czech actor
Libuše Mincová, Czech actor
Libuše Moníková, Czech writer
Libuše Müllerová, Czech actor
Libuše Pešková, Czech actor
Libuše Pospíšilová, Czech actor
Libuše Průšová, Czech tennis player
Libuše Rogozová, Czech actor
Libuše Šafránková, Czech actor
Libuše Šmuclerová, Czech doctor and director of TV Nova
Libuše Švormová, Czech actor
Libuše Štědrá, Czech actor
Libuše Vojtková, Czech dancer and actor
Libuše Zátková, Czech actor
Libuše Zemková, Czech actor
See also
Libuše, Bohemian princess
Lyubov (name)
Ljubiša
Czech feminine given names
The 76th Battalion, CEF was an infantry battalion of the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the Great War. The 76th Battalion was authorized on 10 July 1915 and embarked for Great Britain on 23 April 1916. It provided reinforcements to the Canadian Corps in the field until 6 July 1916, when its personnel were absorbed by the 36th Battalion, CEF. The battalion was subsequently disbanded on 17 July 1917.
The 76th Battalion recruited in Barrie, Orillia and Collingwood, Ontario and was mobilized at Camp Niagara.
The 76th Battalion was commanded by Lt.-Col. J. Ballantine, DSO, from 25 April 1916 – 9 July 1916.
The 76th Battalion was awarded the battle honour THE GREAT WAR 1916.
The 76th Battalion, CEF is perpetuated by The Lorne Scots (Peel, Dufferin and Halton Regiment).
References
Sources
Canadian Expeditionary Force 1914-1919 by Col. G.W.L. Nicholson, CD, Queen's Printer, Ottawa, Ontario, 1962
Further reading
076
Military units and formations of Ontario
The Lorne Scots (Peel, Dufferin and Halton Regiment)
Itzhak Nir (; born December 18, 1940) is an Israeli former Olympic competitive sailor.
Sailing career
When they competed in the Olympics, they were 6-5 (196 cm) tall and weighed 187 lbs (85 kg).
At an international competition in the Olympic-class Flying Dutchman dinghy in the Netherlands in April 1972, the Sdot Yam team of Nir and Yair Michaeli won the right to be the first Israeli sailors to participate in the Olympics.
Nir competed for Israel at the 1972 Summer Olympics off the coast of Kiel, 900 kilometers from Munich, Germany, at the age of 31, with Yair Michaeli in Sailing--Mixed Two Person Heavyweight Dinghy/Flying Dutchman. They and Michaeli did not participate in the final race of the competition, due to the Munich Massacre in which Arab terrorists from the Black September group killed 11 Israeli Olympians at Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base outside of Munich. They came in 26th.
The Israeli government then decided to withdraw from the Olympic Games, and bring their remaining Olympians home. Nir, Michaeli, and Israeli racewalker Shaul Ladany wanted to stay for the closing ceremony, to show that they were not leaving "with their tails between their legs", but they followed the orders of the government.
References
External links
the-sports bio
Jewish sailors (sport)
Sailors at the 1972 Summer Olympics – Flying Dutchman
Living people
Olympic sailors of Israel
1940 births
Israeli male sailors (sport)
For non-building structures like towers, masts and chimneys, see List of the tallest structures in France
Tallest buildings
Tallest buildings under construction
Tallest proposed/approved buildings
References
In traffic flow theory, the Newell–Daganzo merge model describes a simple procedure on how to determine the flows exiting two branch roadways and merging to flow through a single roadway. The model is simple in that it does not consider the actual merging process between vehicles as the two branch roadways come together. The only information required to calculate the flows leaving the two branch roadways are the capacities of the two branch roadways and the exiting capacity, the demands into the system, and a value describing how the two input flows interact. This latter input term is called the split priority, or merge ratio, and is defined as the proportion of the two input flows when both are operating in congested conditions.
The history of the merge model has its origins in Gordon Newell's description of the merging process, but Daganzo's cell transmission model lays out a diagram for a highway merge, and describes the application of the theory.
In a simplified model of the merging process, the available capacity exiting the system is defined to be μ, and the capacities of the input branches are μ1 and μ2. The demands entering the system are q1D and q2D, which is defined as the demand for the merge passing through μ1 and μ2, and thus the maximum demand is the capacity of the inlet branches. The output of the model is the resulting flows that pass through the merge, q1 and q2. The assumption is made that the combined capacities of the two inlet branches are less than the capacity of the outlet branch, μ1+ μ2 ≤ μ.
Solution for model
There are four possible states for the system to have based on the level of flow occurring in each inlet. Each inlet can be either in free flow or congestion, and thus the system can have both inlets in free flow, one or the other in congestion, or both in congestion. The flow conditions of the inlets are the determining factors in the solution of the model.
The split priority, or merge ratio, is calculated when both inlets are in congestion. At this time, the total flow is μ, with inlet flows of μ1* and μ2*, the minimum capacities of the inlets when both are congested, where μ1* + μ2* = μ. The resultant flows are determined by the interaction between the two inlet flows, influenced by the physical characteristics of the intersection that cause drivers to merge in a defined manner. This merging process can be defined by split priority, p, which is the ratio of μ2* to μ1* (p = μ2* / μ1*). A common split priority rule is the "zipper rule", which describes two flows merging where vehicles merging alternate between the two input streams.
Solving the model can be done graphically, where the four possible states of the system are visible on a plot of the two inlet flows, and boundaries defined by the relationships in the model. The feasible region for q1 and q2 is bounded by the relationships that the flow in inlet 1 cannot be greater than μ1 and similarly for inlet 2, and the relationship of q1 + q2 = μ. All solutions must be within this region, bounded in red in the figure. A second boundary is the feasible region for demands, the maximum possible values for q1D and q2D, defined to be μ1 and μ2, and is bounded by black in the figure. The split priority, p, is plotted from the origin to the line q1 + q2 = μ.
State A1 is when both inlets are in free flow. All combination of inlet demands in this region (q1D, q2D) produce unchanged inlet flows (q1, q2). State A2 is when inlet 1 is in free flow and inlet 2 is in congestion. Inlet demands in this region produce inlet flows where all of q1D merges while q2 = μ − q2D and a queue builds in inlet 2. State A3 is when inlet 1 is in congestion and inlet 2 is in free flow. Inlet demands in this region produce inlet flows where all of q2D merges while q1 = μ − q1D and a queue builds in inlet 1. State A4 is when both inlets are in congestion. All inlet demands in this region produce inlet flows equal to where the split priority vector intersects the feasible region of q1 and 2, at (μ1*, μ2*).
See also
Traffic flow
References
Road traffic management
Heman may refer to
Heman the Ezrahite, the author of Psalm 88 in the Hebrew Bible
Heman (given name), a male given name
Heman, an unincorporated community in Illinois
He-Man, a character from the Masters of the Universe media franchise
See also
He-Man (disambiguation)
Nau Do Gyarah (; the Hindi idiom means "to run away") is a 1957 Indian Hindi-language comedy thriller film produced by Dev Anand. This was their brother, Vijay Anand's directorial debut. The film stars Dev Anand, Kalpana Kartik, Madan Puri, Shashikala and Jeevan. The film's music is by S. D. Burman and the lyrics are by Majrooh Sultanpuri.
Plot
The film starts with Madan Gopal being thrown out of their house for not paying the rent. They go to visit their friend, who has been helping them collect their mail, and finds a letter from their uncle, Manoharlal. Manoharlal writes that they are willing to give eleven lakh rupees (nine lakhs of property and two lakhs worth of cash), to Madan. It was originally willed to their sister-in-law's son, Kuldeep. After seeing Kuldeep's bad behaviour, though, Manoharlal decides to give the money to Madan.
Madan promptly gets a truck and sets off for Bombay, and on the way, their friend drags them to a wedding. The two discuss the wedding, with Madan saying that if they were in the girl's place, they would run away. True enough, when an eavesdropping friend tells the bride, Raksha that the groom is Surjit, they decide to run away and hides in Madan's truck.
Raksha disguises themselves as a Sikh boy with the pseudonym of "Sardar Nihal Singh" and hides in their truck. Madan discovers "him" and the two quarrel nonstop, but Madan is compelled to take them along, because the boy has money, food and water. The disguise soon comes loose and Sardar Nihal Singh is revealed to be a girl. Madan doesn't know their past, but the two of them fall in love, with Madan teasing them on several occasions, calling them a "thief". Raksha, who was unhappy with their marriage, finally finds happiness travelling with Madan.
When the two of them reach Bombay, Madan goes off to see their friend, Radheshyam, but is informed that Manoharlal has died. A shocked Madan takes out the letter and finds out that it is a few months old. Radheshyam says that all the property has gone to Kuldeep and their mother.
Production
Nau Do Gyarah was the first film directed by Vijay Anand.
Soundtrack
All lyrics written by Majrooh Sultanpuri.
References
External links
Films scored by S. D. Burman
1950s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Vijay Anand
Indian remakes of American films
1957 directorial debut films
Mahālangūr Himāl (, Mahālaṅgūra himāla) is a section of the Himalayas in northeast Nepal and south-central Tibet of China extending east from the pass Nangpa La between Rolwaling Himal and Cho Oyu, to the Arun River. It includes Mount Everest, Lhotse, Makalu, and Cho Oyu — four of Earth's six highest peaks. On the Tibetan side it is drained by the Rongbuk and Kangshung Glaciers and on the Nepali side by Barun, Ngojumba and Khumbu Glaciers and others. All are tributaries to the Koshi River via Arun River on the north and east or Dudh Kosi on the south.
Mahalangur Himal can be divided into three subsections:
Makālu () nearest the Arun River and along the Nepal-China border including Makalu 8463m, Chomo Lonzo 7790m south of the Kama valley in Tibet, Kangchungtse or Makalu II 7678m, Peak 7199 and some ten others over 6000 metres.
Barun (, Baruṇa) inside Nepal and south of the Makālu section. It includes Chamlang 7319m and Chamlang East 7235m, Peak 7316, Baruntse 7129m, Ama Dablam 6812m and about 17 others over 6000 metres.
Khumbu () along the international border west of the Makalu section, Including the Everest massif: Everest 8848m, Lhotse 8516m, Nuptse 7855m and Changtse 7580m. West of Everest are Pumori 7161m and Cho Oyu 8201m plus some 20 others over 7000 metres and 36 over 6000 metres.
The Khumbu region of Nepal is the best known populated part of the Mahalangurs since it is on the access trail to the normal (South Col) route up Everest.
References
Mountain ranges of the Himalayas
Mountain ranges of Nepal
Mountain ranges of Tibet
Mount Everest
Province No. 1
Retroactive may refer to:
Retroactive (album), an album by Grand Puba
Retro-active, an album by Karizma
Retro Active, an album by Def Leppard
Retroactive (film), a 1997 movie starring James Belushi and Kylie Travis
See also
Retroactive law, another term for ex post facto law
Retroactive data structures, datum structures that allow modifications to past actions
Retroactive continuity in fiction
Retrospective, often synonymous when used as an adjective
The 1928 Utah Utes football team represented the University of Utah as a member of the Rocky Mountain Conference (RMC) during the 1928 college football season. Led by fourth-year head coach Ike Armstrong, the Utes compiled an overall record of 5–0–2 with a mark of 4–0–1 in conference playing, winning the first of six consecutive RMC titles.
Schedule
References
Utah
Utah Utes football seasons
Rocky Mountain Athletic Conference football champion seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Utah Utes football
Bowen Dow Stassforth (August 7, 1926 – November 22, 2019) was an American competition swimmer who won a silver medal in the 200 m breaststroke at the 1952 Olympics and set two world records in the 200-yard (long course) breaststroke. and one world record in the 100 meter (long course) breaststroke
Biography
Born in Los Angeles on August 7, 1926, Stassforth was an eight-time All-American in swimming at the University of Iowa. At the conclusion of their career in 1952, they concurrently held 16 national breaststroke records in distances from 200 yards to 500 meters in 20 yards, short course and long course pools. They were also the 1952 Iowa AAU Athlete of the Year and Iowa AAU's nominee for the James E. Sullivan Award.
In their early life, Bowen had an intense fear of water, which was the result of having their head put underwater by their caretaker. After their parents discovered this, swimming lessons commenced with several different instructors, all of whom were unsuccessful in helping them overcome their fear of water. Finally, swimming lessons with Thelma Payne of the Los Angeles Athletic Club were able to help them overcome their fear of water. Their athletic career as a swimmer began at Los Angeles High School (1942–44) as well as the Hollywood Athletic Club during which time they finished second at the 1943 California State Meet in the 200 yard breaststroke to their teammate Harry Messenheimer. In August 1944, while still in high school, Bowen enlisted in the U.S. Navy. Their vision throughout their life was poor. Consequently, in order to join the Navy, they memorized the eye chart for their initial physical. During basic training, their vision problems were discovered by their superiors. As a result, they were subsequently assigned to teach swimming and water survival skills to enlisted sailors on North Island in San Diego. They were honorably discharged in 1946.
Bowen swam in the era when the accepted arm motion of the breaststroke was optional with either the contemporary underwater breaststroke or the over the water arm motion now known as the butterfly. The leg movement was the frog kick. In 1953, the stroke was bifurcated into the breaststroke and the butterfly using a dolphin kick. As a result, any records they held were subsequently wiped off the record books.
At their first AAU National Outdoor Championship meet in 1945, representing Fleet Air Wing 14, they placed second in the 200-meter breaststroke. The next year in 1946, they placed sixth in both the AAU National Indoor and Outdoor Championship 220y/200M breaststroke behind Joe Verdeur, Charles Keating and their future coach, James Counsilman. They enrolled at the University of Iowa for the 1947-1948 school year and was coached by both David Armbruster and their assistant coach James Counsilman. They were not allowed to compete as a first-year student, however, due to conference eligibility rules at that time. They did, however, participate in the U.S. Olympic Trials in July 1948 placing seventh in the 200-meter breaststroke with a time of 2:47.7. The following year, Bowen moved up the standings finishing third in the AAU Outdoor Championships 200 m breaststroke behind Keith Carter and Joe Verdeur the previous years' Olympic silver and gold medalists.
Their first international competition came in 1950 as part of the American national swim team in several dual meets held in Japan. This was the first time the American swim team had defeated Japan on Japanese soil. At the dual meet in Tokyo, Bowen set the world record in the 100 m breaststroke(long course) in 1:09.4 barely edging out their teammate Robert Brawner.> Later that year, they were second in the National AAU Outdoor Championships in the 220 yard breaststroke to Robert Brawner.
In 1951, they won a bronze medal in the 200-meter breaststroke with a time of 2:47.6 and a gold in the medley relay at the 1951 Pan American Games in Buenos Aires. At the 1951 National AAU Outdoor Championships in the 200 m breaststroke, Bowen was second to John Davies but ahead of Robert Brawner, third and Jerry Holan, fourth.
After a fourth place finish behind John Davies, Jerry Holan, and Robert Brawner at the NCAA finals in 1952 in the 200 yard Breaststroke, their Big Ten rival and friend, John Davies tipped off Bowen that their training regimen needed to be improved with several adjustments. As a result of these training adjustments, they qualified first overall at the 1952 US Olympic Trials beating both Brawner and Holan and breaking Joe Verdeur's American citizen record with a time of 2:36.0 in the 200 m breaststroke.
At the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland, they qualified for the finals of the 200 m breaststroke. While on the starting blocks of the finals, the cold air caused their muscles to tense up. In order to counteract this, they purposely false started using the short time in the water to loosen back up. Back up on the blocks, they were careful not to false start again. When the race was over, they placed second losing by 0.3 of a second to their Big Ten rival and friend John Davies of the University of Michigan who represented Australia. Their time of 2:34.7 set a new American record for the 200 m breaststroke (long course). Herbert Klein the world record holder in the 200 m breaststroke in both short and long courses was third. Davies, Stassforth, and Klein were the only three swimmers to better 2:35 in history in the 200 m breaststroke (long course) prior to the bifurcation of the stroke in 1953.
They finished their career later that month as the National AAU Outdoor Champion and the American record holder in the 220-yard breaststroke (a distance 3 feet 9 inches longer than the Olympic final) with the same time of 2:34.7 as the Olympic final. After the race, Bowen remarked, "Up till now I never felt that I had done my best. Now I'm satisfied. That was it." Although this was the fastest (pre-1953 bifurcation of the breaststroke) 220 y breaststroke (long course) in history, it stood only as the American record since FINA only recognized the 200 y and 200 m distances for world record purposes.
Bowen was inducted into the University of Iowa Hall of Fame in 1996. Charles Roeser, the chairperson of the U.S. Olympic men's swimming committee in a letter to their coach David Armbruster, called Bowen “one of the most cooperative athletes I have ever known in thirty years of teaching and coaching.” They also called them “America's greatest breaststroke champion, but more than that, a real American and gentleman whose conduct is a worthy example for others to follow.” They died at their home in Rancho Palos Verdes, California on November 22, 2019 at the age of 93.
Records
See also
List of Olympic medalists in swimming (men)
List of University of Iowa people
Los Angeles High School Notable Alumni
World record progression 200 metres breaststroke-See notes regarding records prior to 1953
Notes
Stassforth's time of 2:34.7 in the 220 yard breaststroke (long course) at the 1952 AAU Outdoor Nationals correlates to a time of 2:33 in the 200 meter breaststroke (long course). This performance was the fastest all-time for the 220 yard breaststroke (long course) and would have been the fastest 200-meter breaststroke (long course) in history (pre-bifurcation of the breaststroke in 1953) as well if it had been dual timed. This is evidenced by the dual distance timed race in the 1950 National AAU Indoor Championships in the 220 yard breaststroke (short course) between Joe Verdeur and Robert Brawner. During the race, Verdeur broke the world record for 200 meters with a time of 2:28.3 (short course). However, Brawner won the race with a time of 2:29.3 for the full 220 yards beating Verdeur who was second in 2:29.4. On July 10, 1952, Stassforth's coach, David Armbruster, had predicted a time of 2:33 for them in the 200 meter breaststroke (long course): "In my opinion, Bowen is capable of about 2:33 and they certainly should be a strong contender for the Olympic title."
References
1926 births
2019 deaths
American male breaststroke swimmers
Iowa Hawkeyes men's swimmers
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in swimming
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Military personnel from California
Swimmers at the 1951 Pan American Games
Swimmers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in swimming
Swimmers from Los Angeles
Medalists at the 1951 Pan American Games
Albert de Rethel (c. 1150 – 1195, in Rome) was provost of St. Lambert's Cathedral in Liège.
Biography
They were son of Guitier, Count of Rethel and Beatrix of Namur and a cousin of Baldwin V, Count of Hainaut. They first served as a priest in St. Lambert and became its provost in 1180. They were also provost of St. Martin and St. Denis.
Their maternal cousin Rudolf of Zähringen, the prince-bishop of Liège, entrusted Albert the administration of the diocese under the title of vice-Bishop before going on Crusade. In 1191, while on the way of returning, Rudolf died. At the election on their successor on September 8 five or six canons voted Albert under the support of Count Baldwin V, but the other candidate Albert of Louvain Archdeacon of Brabant gained more support.
Henry VI, Holy Roman Emperor favoured Albert because they were a maternal-uncle of Empress Constance, while both Henry and Constance had planned to support Albert to be the bishop of Liège given the post was vacant. However, Constance was then imprisoned by Sicilians after being captured earlier the same year and could do nothing to support their uncle. At the Diet of Worms on January 13, 1192 the Emperor appointed their newly made imperial chancellor Lothar of Hochstaden, provost of the church of St Cassius in Bonn and brother of Count Dietrich of Hochstaden instead given that the election was under dispute. Baldwin V accepted it and Albert relinquished while Albert indignantly refused a financial settlement offered by the emperor, and the majority of the electors of Liège accepted the imperial decision because of the emperor's threat; but Henry I of Brabant brother of Albert of Louvain refused, and they obtained support from Pope Celestine III by May, around when Empress Constance was released and would later return to Holy Roman Empire.
Henry VI supported Lothar and Baldwin to take action against Albert of Louvain, and in November, Albert of Louvain was killed by three German knights at Reims. Lothar was blamed for this and excommunicated, forcing them to abandon the diocese of Liège. Simon of Limbourg was elected to be the successor and recognised by Henry VI.
In 1194 Albert and Albert of Cuyck travelled to Rome to protest the result of the election as Simon was as young as 16 years old, and on November Celestine III appointed Albert of Cuyck instead; Albert died and was buried in Rome the next year.
Giles of Orval described Albert as rude, greedy, ambitious, illiterate, and unfair. There is no other source for this. Vita Alberti episcopi Leodiensis described Albert as "stupid and illiterate".
References
External links
Albert de Rethel
Albert de Rethel et le denier (Dgs 388)
1150s births
1195 deaths
Date of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
Place of birth unknown
Prince-Bishopric of Liège clergy
12th-century Roman Catholic clergy
Gustav Adolf Land is the land area of the southwestern part of Nordaustlandet, Svalbard, south of Wahlenbergfjorden. The area is named after Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden.
References
Geography of Svalbard
Nordaustlandet
A soundbar, sound bar or media bar is a type of loudspeaker that projects audio from a wide enclosure. It is much wider than it is tall, partly for acoustic reasons, and partly so it can be mounted above or below a display device (e.g. above a computer monitor or under a home theater or television screen). In a soundbar, multiple speakers are placed in a single cabinet, which helps to create stereo sound or a surround-sound effect. A separate subwoofer is typically included with, or may be used to supplement, a soundbar.
History
Early passive versions simply integrated left, centre and right speakers into one enclosure, sometimes called an "LCR soundbar".
Altec Lansing introduced a multichannel soundbar in 1998 called the Voice Of The Digital Theatre or the ADA106. It was a powered speaker system that offered stereo, Dolby Pro-Logic and AC3 surround sound from the soundbar and a separate subwoofer. The soundbar housed four 3″ full range drivers and two 1″ tweeters while the subwoofer housed one 8″ dual voice coil driver. It used Altec Lansing's side-firing technology and algorithms to provide surround sound from the sides, rear and front. This configuration eliminated the wiring of separate speakers and the space they would require.
Advantages and disadvantages
Soundbars are relatively small and can be easily positioned under a display, are easy to set up, and are usually less expensive than other stereo sound systems. However, because of their smaller size and lack of flexibility in positioning, soundbars do not fill a room with sound as well as separate-speaker stereo systems do.
Soundbar hybrid
To take advantages both from soundbar and stereo set system, some manufacturers produce soundbar hybrids in which the soundbar represents left, center, and right speakers plus (wireless) subwoofer and rear-left and rear-right speakers. Sometimes producers make soundbars with left, center, and right speakers plus detachable charge rear-left and rear-right speakers.
With the increasing availability of Dolby Atmos content since 2021, it has become increasingly important for soundbars to produce height effects. To deliver a realistic sense of height from a soundbar hybrid system, audio specialized companies such as Nakamichi have developed proprietary upmixing algorithms, using a combination of spatial-amplification, phase improvements, and height effect sound layer interlacing to deliver realistic vertical effects. Another method that soundbars may employ to deliver height effects is through the use of up-firing speakers, which rely heavily on the ceiling of the room to bounce height effects off the ceiling, towards the listener.
Usage
Soundbars were primarily designed to generate strong sound with good bass response. Soundbar usage has increased steadily as the world has moved to flat-screen displays. Earlier television sets and display units were primarily CRT-based; hence the box was bigger, facilitating larger speakers with good response. But with flat-screen televisions the depth of the screen is reduced dramatically, leaving little room for speakers. As a result, the built-in speakers lack bass response. Soundbars help to bridge this gap.
See also
Soundbase
References
American inventions
Loudspeakers
Phtheochroa zacualpana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Federal District of Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1913
Phtheochroa
Piusa Caves Nature Reserve () is nature reserve in Piusa, Võru County, Estonia. Its area is 48 ha. Goals of nature reserve are to protect Piusa caves and bats who live in caves.
In 1981 Piusa caves were taken under protection and in 1992 the nature reserve was formed.
References
Nature reserves in Estonia
Võru Parish
Geography of Võru County
Caves of Estonia
The 1937 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football represented Drake University in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1937 college football season. In its fifth season under head coach Vee Green, the team compiled an 8–2 record (3–1 against MVC opponents), finished second in the MVC, and outscored all opponents by a total of 235 to 73.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Dr. Jerkyl's Hide is a 1954 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon directed by Friz Freleng. The short was released on May 8, 1954, and stars Sylvester.
It is the first of three cartoons that Friz Freleng made based on Robert Louis Stevenson's 1886 novella Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, the others are Hyde and Hare (1955) and Hyde and Go Tweet (1960). This is the final appearance of the antagonistic canine duo Spike the Bulldog and Chester the Terrier (although Spike is named "Alfie" in this short) from the golden age of American animation; speaking with a British accent throughout.
This cartoon's plot follows the same formula as Tree for Two (1952), except that this time it is a Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde parody, as opposed to a black panther that escaped from the zoo. Sylvester is trying to escape a pair of British dogs (Alfie the Bulldog and Chester the Terrier). They accidentally ingest Dr. Jekyll's formula (thinking it is soda pop), causing them to become a monster cat that terrorizes Alfie and causes Chester to call Alfie a coward.
Plot
Alfie and Chester are walking down the street as Chester constantly asks Alfie what they want them to do today. When Chester mentions chasing a cat, Alfie is interested. Then, the two dogs come across a sleeping Sylvester until they wake up to realize they are being confronted by the dogs. Sylvester panics and runs as they are being chased by the dogs until they take refuge inside a place under the names, "Dr. Jerkyl" and "Mr. Hyde". Out of breath, Sylvester accidentally ingests Dr. Jerkyl's formula (thinking it is soda pop), which causes them to become a monster cat. Alfie enters the place, only to confront and be terrorized by the monstrous Sylvester. Alfie comes out scared white as a confused Chester comes in to check the place out, only to find Sylvester, having turned back to normal.
Chester then encourages Alfie to continue with their pursuit of the cat. Sylvester hides inside a footlocker, only to be spotted by Alfie. Alfie coaxes Sylvester to come out, only to be confronted by the cat's monster form again; leaving them completely scratched and falling apart into pieces literally once they come out of the room. As the monster cat makes their way in, Alfie runs in fear while Chester has their back turned, but has no idea that the monster cat suddenly reverts to normal. When Sylvester tries to scare Chester away, they get beaten and thrown away by Chester. Then, Chester forces Alfie at gunpoint to come back inside and confront the cat again before locking the door.
As Alfie panics to beg Chester to let them out and not leave them in here, Sylvester escapes through the window. Relieved that they are gone, Alfie takes advantage of this by faking a fight between themselves to fool Chester, while throwing and smashing glasses and beakers since he's fooled around with Sylvester long enough and that getting on their knees is not going to save him. Then, Alfie accidentally throws the bottle with the formula in it, which breaks and makes its way onto a fly that suddenly transforms into a monster fly and proceeds to beat up Alfie and throw them out of the place. When both dogs see the monster fly slam the door shut, Chester slaps Alfie out of shame and calls them "yellow." The next day, Chester and Alfie are walking down the street with Chester wearing Alfie's former hat as Alfie constantly asks Chester what they want them to do today, which earns them a slap in the face. Alfie breaks the fourth wall by telling the audience how brave and strong Chester is as their own hero.
References
External links
Looney Tunes shorts
1954 animated films
1950s animated short films
Short films directed by Friz Freleng
1950s American animated films
Films scored by Carl Stalling
Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde films
1954 films
Animated films about cats
Animated films about dogs
1950s English-language films
The plumbeous water redstart (Phoenicurus fuliginosus) is a passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. It is found in South Asia, Southeast Asia and China. Males are slate blue in colour, while females are grey. The bird's common name refers to its colour which resembles lead. They tend to live near fast-moving streams and rivers.
Taxonomy
The plumbeous water redstart belongs to the order Passeriformes and the family Muscicapidae. It was previously placed in the genus Rhyacornis but was moved to Phoenicurus based on the results of a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2010. The species consists of two recognized subspecies – Phoenicurus fuliginosus fuliginosus and Phoenicurus fuliginosus affinis. The former was described by Nicholas Aylward Vigors in 1831, while the latter was described by William Robert Ogilvie-Grant in 1906 and is found in Taiwan. In China, the female and first-year male redstarts appear more brown at the top, leading to the possibility of classifying them as a separate race tenuirostris.
Description
The plumbeous water redstart is typically long in total, with an average weight of for males and for females. The male birds are slate blue in colour with a tail that is rusty red. On the other hand, female birds are pale grey and feature a white rump.
Habitat
The bird is found in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, Pakistan, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam. Their preferred habitats are streams, nullahs and rivers with boulders that are shaded, as well as vegetation near riverbanks. Streams with higher populations of insects such as mayflies appear to be preferred.
They are typically found at relatively high elevations, with the ones living in the Himalayas seen between and . However, they tend to descend to lower altitudes during the winter.
The plumbeous water redstart has been placed on the Least Concern category of the IUCN Red List, as the population has remained stable throughout the last ten years. The size of its distribution range is over .
Behavior
The plumbeous water redstart is very protective of its habitat and will be extremely confrontational to any trespasser on its territory. In order to catch flies in rivers, it flies vertically until it is at least above the water, before gliding down in a spiral back to the same place.
References
External links
Plumbeous water-redstart videos and photos on the Internet Bird Collection
Oriental Bird Images: plumbeous water redstart Selected images
Xeno-canto: plumbeous water redstart Sound recordings
plumbeous water redstart
Birds of China
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Central Asia
Birds of Laos
Birds of Myanmar
plumbeous water redstart
Articles containing video clips
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Darrin Dorsey (born May 17, 1987) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Trefl Sopot of the Polish Basketball League.  They are a 1.88 m. tall point guard.
High school career
Dorsey played high school basketball at Glendale High School in Glendale, Arizona.
College career
After high school, Dorsey played college basketball at Bakersfield, Dakota Wesleyan and Berea College from 2007 to 2011.
Professional career
On September 7, 2015, they signed in France at Poitiers which is playing in the second division in 2015–2016 for 32,000 euros in season. In the 11th game, the team won its third consecutive victory by winning against Le Portel ; Dorsey ends the match with 18 points in 7/10 shots including 2/4 at three points, 1 rebound and 4 assists in 29 minutes. The following weekend, Poitiers wins its fourth game in a row by beating Saint-Quentin; Dorsey had their best game with 30 points at 5/7 to 3-points shots, 6 rebounds and 2 assists for 30 devaluation in 36 minutes. They were named MVP of the January 2016 French Pro B championship with averages of 21 points, 4 rebounds and 4.5 assists over 34 minutes in the four league games of the month of January. Their team beats Boulogne-sur-Mer and Dorsey was named MVP of the day finishing with 22 points to 7/8 to 5/8 shots including 3-pointers, 5 rebounds, 9 assists, 5 steals in 32 minutes. At the end of the season, the Poitiers club wanted to retain Dorsey but fails and replaces them with Steve McWhorter.
On August 5, 2016, they stay in France and signs at ESSM Le Portel, promoted to first division in 2016–2017. During a pre-season camp, they sprained their ankle. However, they managed to be reinstated for the first game of the season and the reception of Nanterre 92; their team lost 65–84 and Dorsey finished with 16 points (8 of 15 shots), 3 rebounds, 2 assists in 28 minutes. On October 22, 2017, they signed for the club Élan Chalon.
On July 24, 2018, they agreed to a deal with Greek team Holargos. They left the club during the season and joined U BT Cluj-Napoca of the Liga Națională.
On August 12, 2019, they have signed with Neptūnas Klaipėda of the Lithuanian Basketball League.
On November 24, 2021, they have signed with Trefl Sopot of the Polish Basketball League.
References
1987 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American expatriate basketball people in Colombia
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Mexico
American expatriate basketball people in Romania
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Bakersfield Renegades men's basketball players
Basketball players from Phoenix, Arizona
BC Neptūnas players
Berea College alumni
CS Universitatea Cluj-Napoca (men's basketball) players
Dakota Wesleyan Tigers men's basketball players
Élan Chalon players
ESSM Le Portel players
Halifax Rainmen players
Hapoel Kfar Saba B.C. players
Holargos B.C. players
Ostioneros de Guaymas (basketball) players
Point guards
Poitiers Basket 86 players
Unión de Santa Fe basketball players
Uşak Sportif players
is an English land law case, concerning constructive trusts, and the establishment of a beneficial interest in an enterprise between a business owner and their or their lover and co-worker. It specifically concerned a case where the latter person received no formal wages and had entered no formal ownership nor partnership agreement nor directly or indirectly contributed in money to the purchase price.
Facts
Mrs Geary and Mr Rankine had been in a relationship since 1990. In 1996, Rankine purchased a guest house with their own savings. The parties had not intended to live in the property or run it themselves; instead having it run by a manager. Difficulties with the manager led Rankine to run the business himself. They realised that they could not run it alone. Geary became involved in the business: cleaning, cooking and looking after guests. Rankine did not pay Geary wages, and they asked for money when they needed it. The relationship deteriorated. Geary brought a claim for an interest in the guest house. They claimed they either had a business Partnership (as defined under the Partnership Act 1890) or a constructive trust as defined by case law.
Judgment
At first instance, the Judge rejected Geary's claim. They appealed.
The Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal, holding that the legal title was solely in Rankine's name and so the burden of establishing a constructive trust was on Geary. The relevant question was whether there was a common intention for Geary to have a beneficial interest in the property, applying Jones v Kernott [2011] UKSC 53, which must be determined objectively from the parties' conduct. Geary had shown there was a common intention to run the business together, but it was not correct to therefore reach a conclusion of a common intention that the property in which the business was run, bought by only one of them, would if so belong to both of them. The judge at first instance had not erred in probing the evidence and concluding there was no constructive trust.
Lewison 's summative paragraph reads:
See also
Jones v Kernott [2011] UKSC 53
Oxley v Hiscock [2004] EWCA Civ 546
Stack v Dowden [2007] UKHL 17
Notes
2012 in case law
2012 in British law
English land case law
Court of Appeal (England and Wales) cases
Saint Senara is a legendary Cornish saint with links to the village of Zennor on the north coast of Cornwall
, UK. The Church of Saint Senara, Zennor is dedicated to her; the village, nearby headland Zennor Head, and the neolithic tomb Zennor Quoit received their name indirectly.
Historical records
According to scholar Nicholas Orme, a Saint Sinar of Zennor was first recorded in 1170 as a male saint ("Sanctus Sinar"), but from 1235 onwards as a female one ("Sancta Sinara"). Orme states that unless they can be identified with Azenor, the mother of Saint Budoc in Breton legends, nothing else is recorded about them They also point out the similarity to Saint Senan, commemorated at nearby Sennen.
Legend
Senara was reputedly a Breton princess of Brest originally named Asenora, They were married to a Breton king who wrongly accused them of adultery and threw them into the sea in a barrel while pregnant. They were visited by an angel, whilst floating in the sea off the westernmost end of Cornwall, and gave birth to a son in the waves, who later became Saint Budoc or an Irish bishop. They were washed up on the Cornish coast, and some believe they founded Zennor and gave their name to the eponymous village (and subsequently Zennor Head, Zennor Quoit and Porthzennor Cove), before continuing to Ireland.
Due to the striking similarity, the legend's origins possibly lie in Greek mythology and the story of Danaë who was also cast to sea with their son Perseus in a wooden box.
Legacy
Senara was highly venerated by local fishermen and is said to represent the dual nature of Christ (human and divine). They give their name to St Senara's Church in Zennor and it contains the Mermaid Chair, an ancient chair with carvings of fish on the seat and a pew end with a depiction of the mermaid admiring themselves in a mirror, which is believed to be at least 600 years old. A statue of St Senara lies in an enclosed garden next to the church.
Modern adaptations
Senara is the subject of a book and linked to the Mermaid of Zennor by Sue Monk Kidd, The Mermaid Chair, which was adapted into a movie in 2006.
References
Medieval Breton saints
Castaways
Cornish folklore
Christian female saints of the Middle Ages
Folk saints
Medieval Cornish saints
Medieval legends
Angelic visionaries
"To Live and Die in L.A." is a single from the soundtrack of the same name by Wang Chung. Released in September 1985, the song peaked on the Billboard Hot 100 at #41.
Cash Box said that the song "melds its own synth dance fusion with a clear-cut pop sensibility which is alluring and ultimately triumphant" and that it captures "the city's sense of 'loneliness within a maze of people.'"
On the To Live and Die in L.A. DVD audio commentary, director William Friedkin stated to Wang Chung that they “didn't want a theme song for To Live and Die in L.A.” One day, though, Jack Hues and Nick Feldman gave Friedkin a copy of "To Live and Die in L.A." (to their dismay). Surprisingly, Friedkin was impressed and decided to keep the song as part of the film and soundtrack.
Charts
References
1985 singles
1985 songs
Wang Chung (band) songs
Songs written by Jack Hues
Songs written by Nick Feldman
Song recordings produced by Jolley & Swain
Geffen Records singles
Hualong may refer to:
Places
In China
Hualong District (华龙区), Puyang, Henan
Hualong Hui Autonomous County (化隆回族自治县), of Haidong Prefecture, Qinghai
Hualong, Guangzhou (化龙镇), town in Panyu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong
Hualong, Shouguang (化龙镇), town in Shouguang City, Shandong
Other uses
Hualong One, a Chinese pressurized water nuclear reactor design.
Jared Linn Wells (born October 31, 1981 in Freeport, Texas) is a professional baseball pitcher who is currently a free agent. They appeared briefly in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the San Diego Padres in 2008.
Professional career
San Diego Padres
Wells was Selected by the San Diego Padres in the 31st round of the 2002 Major League Baseball Draft, signed by San Diego Padres scout Jay Darnell in . That year, Wells was assigned to the Short-Season A Eugene Emeralds. They had a record of 4-6 with a 2.75 ERA. The ERA was good enough for seventh lowest among Northwest League starters.
In Wells was sent up to the Single-A Fort Wayne Wizards. They compiled a 4-6 record with 4.09 ERA in 14 starts. This soon earned them a promotion to the Advanced-A Lake Elsinore Storm there they had a record of 4-6 with a 4.52 ERA in 12 starts.
The Padres decided to keep Wells at the Advanced-A level but they soon found themselves a promotion to the Double-A Mobile BayBears in . They went 13-8 with a 3.68 ERA in a combined 163 innings between the two clubs, tied for the lead among Padres' farmhands in wins, while their ERA ranked fourth. Wells captured the California League ERA title and was named the league's Pitcher of the Year. Wells was named the Padres Minor League Pitcher of the Year at the club's annual organization postseason Awards Dinner on November 3.
Wells split the season between Double-A Mobile and the Triple-A Portland Beavers, Wells combined record was 6-12 with a 5.16 ERA in 27 starts. In 12 games at Mobile, went 4-3 with a 2.64 ERA. Wells was promoted to Triple-A on June 17 where they struggled with a 2-9 record with a 7.27 ERA.
In Wells saw consistent action at the Triple-A level with Portland but struggled in their transition to the bullpen. Wells went 2-9 with a 5.24 ERA. They also recorded nine saves.
was again a disappointing season for Wells, they had a 1-1 record with a 5.85 ERA. Even though their performance was sub-par, they were called up for the first time in their career on May 22, , and made their major league debut with the Padres on May 24.
Seattle Mariners
After just one more appearance with the Padres, they were traded to the Mariners on May 28 for Cha Seung Baek and was assigned to Triple-A Tacoma Rainiers. They were called up by the Mariners on July 10, but optioned to the Rainiers when Félix Hernández was activated the next day.
Wells pitched for the Tacoma Rainiers after starting the season with the Double-A West Tenn Diamond Jaxx in .
Colorado Rockies
On February 5, 2012, Wells signed a minor league contract with the Colorado Rockies.
Sugar Land Skeeters
Wells has pitched for the Sugar Land Skeeters of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
San Diego Padres players
Seattle Mariners players
Baseball players from Texas
Major League Baseball pitchers
People from Freeport, Texas
Tyler Junior College alumni
San Jacinto Central Ravens baseball players
Eugene Emeralds players
Lake Elsinore Storm players
Fort Wayne Wizards players
Mobile BayBears players
Portland Beavers players
Tacoma Rainiers players
West Tennessee Diamond Jaxx players
Round Rock Express players
Corpus Christi Hooks players
Colorado Springs Sky Sox players
Sugar Land Skeeters players
Adam Merrin was the keyboardist for the Los Angeles–based rock band The 88, and later joined The Three O'Clock. Songs from Merrin's solo work have been featured on Grey's Anatomy, The Big C, Kyle XY, How I Met Your Mother, Greek, The L.A. Complex, Bones, Necessary Roughness, Reaper, Newport Harbor: The Real Orange County, and in the film The Haunting Hour Volume One: Don't Think About It.
Solo discography
Albums
Have Another One (2009) Natural Energy Lab
EPs
Have One (2007) Natural Energy Lab
Awards
In 2011, Merrin's song, "Still Alright" won "Best Song in a Television show" for "Necessary Roughness" at the Hollywood Music in Media Awards.
The 88
Merrin produced, mixed, and engineered The 88's 2003 debut CD, Kind of Light, and the group won the LA Weekly award for Best Pop/Rock Band that year. Kind of Light was also featured as Radio & Records Album of the Week. The group released seven full-length albums, were the backing band for the Ray Davies Fall 2011 US Tour, and opened for acts like The Smashing Pumpkins, The B-52's, Elliott Smith, and Flaming Lips. Their track "At Least It Was Here" is the opening theme song for the television series Community.
Producer Credits
Kind of Light (June 2003) EMK/Mootron Records
In 2014, Merrin produced Heavy Metal Anthem 's debut EP. Their song "Say Tonight" was featured on NBC's About A Boy. Adam's production credits also include Laura Jane Scott. One of the songs they recorded together, "The Librarian", was featured on ABC's Castle.
Co-Producer Credits
Albums with The 88
This Must Be Love (November 2009) 88 Records
The 88 (September 2010) 88 Records
Fortune Teller (June 2013) 88 Records
Close To You (December 2016) 88 Records
Eps with The 88
No One Here (February 2010) 88 Records
Actors (March 2012) 88 Records
Singles with The 88
All I Want For Christmas Is You (November 2009) 88 Records
Love Is The Thing (June 2009) 88 Records
Additional recordings
Adam has recorded piano with Ray Davies, Matt Costa, Rusty Anderson, and 311.
References
External links
Official website
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Three O'Clock members
The 88 members
21st-century American keyboardists
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1699.
Events
January 27 – Jonathan Swift is out of work after their employer, Sir William Temple, dies, leaving Swift £100.
May 4 – The beginning of the fictional Gulliver's Travels (1726).
June 1 – Joseph Addison receives a grant or pension from the Crown, enabling them to travel abroad.
New books
Prose
Richard Bentley – A Dissertation upon the Epistles of Phalaris (prev. pub. in William Wotton's Reflections upon Ancient and Modern Learning)
Samuel Clarke
Some Reflections on that part of a book called Amyntor, or a Defence of Milton's Life, which relates to the Writings of the Primitive Fathers, and the Canon of the New Testament
Three Practical Essays on Baptism, Confirmation and Repentance
Jeremy Collier – A Defence of the Short View of the Profaneness and Immorality of the English Stage (see 1698 in literature)
Anne Dacier (Anne Lefèvre) – Homer's Iliad (prose, first translation into French)
William Dampier – Voyages and Descriptions (vol. ii)
John Dunton – The Dublin Scuffle
George Farquhar – The Adventures of Covent-Garden
François Fénelon (anonymously) – Les Aventures de Télémaque ("The Adventures of Telemachus")
Samuel Garth – The Dispensary (satire by one of Pope's mentors)
John Hughes – The Court of Neptune
George Keith – The Deism of William Penn, and their Brethren
William King
Dialogues of the Dead (in support of Charles Boyle)
The Furmetary
A Journey to London
Gerard Langbaine – The Lives and Characters of the English Dramatick Poets (cont. by Charles Gildon)
Roger L'Estrange – Fables and Storyes Moralized
John Locke – Mr Locke's Reply to the Right Revered the Lord Bishop of Worcester's Answer to their Second Letter (see 1697 in literature)
Cornelius Nary – The Chief Points in Controversy between the Catholics and the Protestants
Frances Norton – Reliquae Gethinianae
John Oldmixon – Reflections on the Stage, and Mr Collier's Defence of the Short View
Nicolas Steno (Niels Stenson) – De solido intra solidum naturaliter contento dissertationis prodromus (Preliminary Discourse to a Dissertation on a Solid Body Naturally Contained within a Solid)
William Temple – Letters Written by Sir William Temple During their Being Ambassador at The Hague (edited initially by Jonathan Swift)
John Toland
The Life of John Milton
Amyntor; or, A Defence of Milton's Life
Thomas Traherne – A Serious and Pathetical Contemplation of the Mercies of God
William Wake – The Principles of the Christian Religion Explained
Ned Ward – A Trip to New-England
James Wright – Historia Histrionica
Poetry
Thomas Brown – A Collection of Miscellany Poems, Letters, etc.
Thomas D'Urfey – A Choice Collection of New Songs and Ballads
John Pomfret – The Choice
Nahum Tate – Elegies
Drama
Abel Boyer – Achilles, or Iphegenia in Aulis
Colley Cibber – Xerxes
John Dennis – Rinaldo and Armida
George Farquhar – The Constant Couple
Charles Gildon – Measure for Measure, or Beauty the Best Advocate (a re-adaptation of Davenant's 1662 adaptation The Law Against Lovers)
Joseph Harris – Love's a Lottery, and a Woman the Prize
Charles Hopkins – Friendship Improved
Peter Anthony Motteux – The Island Princess; or, The Generous Portuguese (opera, adapted from John Fletcher)
Mary Pix – The False Friend
Births
April 17 – Robert Blair, Scottish poet (died 1746)
April 28 – Joseph Spence, English literary historian (died 1768)
June 26 – Madame Geoffrin, French salonnière (died 1777)
August 13 (bapt.) – John Dyer, Welsh poet (died 1757)
December 29 – Friedrich Ludwig Abresch, German-born Dutch philologist (died 1782)
Deaths
January 21 – Obadiah Walker, English religious writer and controversialist (born 1616)
January 27 – Sir William Temple, English statesman and essayist (born 1628)
March 24 – John Evelyn the Younger, English translator (born 1655)
March 27 – Edward Stillingfleet, English theologian (born 1635)
April 21 – Jean Racine, French dramatist (born 1639)
April 22
Hans Erasmus Aßmann, Freiherr von Abschatz, German statesman and poet (born 1646)
Lady Anne Halkett, English memoirist (born 1623)
November 23 – Joseph Beaumont, English clergyman, academic and poet (born 1616)
December 16 – Erhard Weigel, German philosopher and mathematician (born 1625)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Musgrave Park may refer to:
Musgrave Park, Belfast
Musgrave Park, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia
Musgrave Park, Cork, Ireland
Musgrave Park, South Australia, former name of Amata, South Australia
Musgrave Park Hospital, Belfast
See also
Musgrave (disambiguation)
The Javad uezd (pre-reform Russian: , tr. Dzhevátsky uyézd; ), known after 1921 as the Salyan uezd, was an uezd ("county") within the Baku Governorate of the Russian Empire and then of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and Azerbaijan SSR until its formal abolishment in 1929 by the Soviet authorities. The uezd was located in the central part of the governorate, bordering the Geokchay and Shamakhi and Baku uezds to the north, Caspian sea to the east, Lankaran uezd to the south and Persia to the west. The administrative center of the uezd was the city of Salyan.
Administrative divisions
The uchastoks ("subcounties") of the Javad uezd in 1912 were as follows:
History
Javad uezd was formed in 1868 as part of the Baku Governorate of the Russian Empire. It was abolished in 1929 by Soviet authorities.
Demographics
According to the Brockhaus and Efron Encyclopedic Dictionary, published in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, 94,690 people lived in the uezd, mainly Tatars (later known as Azerbaijanis)
Russian Empire census (1897)
According to the Russian Empire census of 1897, the Javad uezd had a population of 90,043, including 51,489 men and 38,554 women. The majority of the population indicated Tatar (later known as Azerbaijani) to be their mother tongue, with a significant Russian speaking minority.
Caucasian Calendar (1917)
According to the 1917 publication of the Caucasian Calendar, the Javad uezd had 162,305 residents in 1916, including 83,955 men and 78,350 women, 144,376 of whom were the permanent population, and 17,929 were temporary residents:
Soviet census (1926)
According to the 1926 census, the population of the uezd was 129,367.
See also
Javad Khanate
Notes
References
Geographic history of Azerbaijan
States and territories established in 1840
1840 establishments in the Russian Empire
1929 disestablishments in the Soviet Union
Uezds of Baku Governorate
Uezds of the Soviet Union
States and territories disestablished in 1929
The Widow's Ball () is a 1930 German comedy film directed by Georg Jacoby and starring Lucie Englisch, Fritz Kampers, and Sig Arno.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Franz Schroedter.
Cast
Lucie Englisch as Frieda
Fritz Kampers as Fritz Petzold
as Lotte Petzold
Sig Arno as Kiebitz
Henry Bender as Herr Liesegang
Lydia Potechina as Frau Liesegang
Otto Wallburg as Teckelmann
as Mann mit dem Mops
References
External links
1930 comedy films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German comedy films
Films directed by Georg Jacoby
German black-and-white films
1930s German films
Mixing Colours is a collaborative studio album by English brothers Roger Eno and Brian Eno. It was released on 20 March 2020 under Deutsche Grammophon.
While they worked together on Apollo, this album marks the first time that the brothers have made a full album together.
Critical reception
Mixing Colours was met with generally favourable reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, this release received an average score of 72, based on 11 reviews. Album of the Year assessed the critical consensus as 74 out of 100 based on 12 reviews.
Track listing
Charts
References
2020 albums
Brian Eno albums
Collaborative albums
Eicochrysops meryamae is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in Ethiopia.
References
Endemic fauna of Ethiopia
Butterflies described in 1983
Eicochrysops
Rimaldiškė is a village in the eastern part of Ignalina district in Lithuania. It is located 2 kilometres east of Lazinkos village near the Birvėta river. The Belarus–Lithuania border is to the east of the village. Together with the nearby Vosiūnai village, it is the easternmost Lithuanian village. According to the 2011 census, it had 18 residents. The village has a chapel.
References
Villages in Utena County
Ignalina District Municipality
James Albertus McClure (December 27, 1924 – February 26, 2011) was an American lawyer and politician from the state of Idaho, most notably serving as a Republican in the U.S. Senate for three terms.
Early life and education
McClure attended public schools in Payette and joined the U.S. Navy at age 18 during World War II, serving from 1942 to 1946. McClure graduated from the Navy Program at the University of Idaho–Southern Branch (now Idaho State University) in Pocatello in 1943. After their discharge from the Navy, they entered the College of Law at the University of Idaho and graduated in 1950.
Career
From 1950 to 1956, they served as prosecuting attorney for Payette County; they also served as city attorney for Payette from 1953 to 1966. During this span, they were also a member of the Idaho State Senate, serving from 1961 to 1966.
In the 1966 election, McClure ran for the U.S. House from Idaho's first Congressional district. They won the race, defeating incumbent Compton I. White, Jr., and was re-elected in 1968 and 1970.
U.S. Senate
McClure ran for the open U.S. Senate seat (Class II) in 1972, vacated by the retirement of Len Jordan. In the general election they defeated the Democratic nominee, William E. "Bud" Davis, the president of Idaho State University. McClure was reelected by wide margins in 1978 and 1984. The seat was occupied by William Borah for over three decades (1907–1940), and has been continuously held by Republicans since 1949.
In 1981, McClure joined Republican colleagues Jesse Helms of North Carolina and fellow Idaho senator Steve Symms in an unsuccessful fight to return to a purchase requirement for participation in the food stamp program. Helms cited a Congressional Budget Office study which showed that 75 percent of the increase in food stamp usage had occurred since the purchase requirement was dropped in 1977. Senators voted 33 to 66 against the Helms-McClure position. "It's obvious the majority of the Senate is not really concerned about constraining the growth of the food-stamp program," McClure said.
In 1984 McClure ran for Senate Majority Leader, but was defeated by Senator Bob Dole of Kansas, who three years earlier had led the intraparty opposition to the Helms-McClure position on reinstating the purchase requirement for food stamps.
During their 18 years in the Senate, McClure served as the chairperson of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources from 1981 to 1987. In this capacity McClure emerged as an early proponent of electric cars and energy independence. They also chaired the Senate Republican Conference from 1981 to 1985.
Retirement
At age 65, McClure declined to run for a fourth term in 1990. Republican member of congress Larry Craig of Midvale easily won McClure's Senate seat in November 1990 and served three terms, succeeded by Jim Risch.
After leaving the Senate, McClure became a mining consultant and lobbyist in Washington, D.C., founding the firm of McClure, Gerard, & Neuenschwander. Up until their death, McClure maintained a residence in McCall.
In October 1995 the new home of the College of Mines and Earth Resources at the University of Idaho was dedicated as James A. McClure Hall. On December 12, 2001, the Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse in Boise was renamed for McClure.
Personal life
In December 2008, the 83-year-old McClure suffered a stroke and was sent to the intensive care unit at Saint Alphonsus Regional Medical Center in Boise. Although initially they were expected to recover, McClure died at the age of 86 on February 26, 2011.
Election results
References
External links
Federal Bldg. (1968) Boise, Idaho – renamed for James A. McClure, 2001
University of Idaho – James A. and Louise McClure Center for Public Policy Research
University of Idaho – Senator James McClure
University of Idaho Library – Papers of Senator James A. McClure
1924 births
2011 deaths
People from Payette, Idaho
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Idaho
Republican Party United States senators from Idaho
Idaho state senators
20th-century American politicians
American prosecutors
American lobbyists
Idaho lawyers
University of Idaho alumni
Idaho State University alumni
University of Idaho College of Law alumni
United States Navy personnel of World War II
20th-century American lawyers
The fifth season of Queer as Folk, an American and Canadian television series, premiered on Showtime on May 22, 2005, and on Showcase on May 23, 2005. Consisting of thirteen episodes, season five served as the final season for Queer as Folk.
The series finale aired on August 7, 2005, in the United States and August 15, 2005, in Canada.
Cast
Main cast
Gale Harold as Brian Kinney
Randy Harrison as Justin Taylor
Hal Sparks as Michael Novotny
Peter Paige as Emmett Honeycutt
Scott Lowell as Ted Schmidt
Thea Gill as Lindsay Peterson
Michelle Clunie as Melanie Marcus
Robert Gant as Ben Bruckner
Sharon Gless as Debbie Novotny
Supporting cast
Harris Allan as James "Hunter" Montgomery
Sherry Miller as Jennifer Taylor
Matt Battaglia as Drew Boyd
Makyla Smith as Daphne Chanders
Peter MacNeill as Carl Horvath
Meredith Henderson as Callie Leeson
Mike Shara as Brett Keller
Dean Armstrong as Blake Wyzecki
Stephanie Moore as Cynthia
Rosie O'Donnell as Loretta Pye
Episodes
In the United States, the season premiere consisted of episodes #1 and #2.
References
2005 American television seasons
2005 Canadian television seasons
Queer as Folk
Delaware County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,488. The county seat is Manchester. The county takes its name after the U.S. state of Delaware.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. It has a rough hilly surface.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 20
Iowa Highway 3
Iowa Highway 13
Iowa Highway 38
Adjacent counties
Buchanan County (west)
Clayton County (north)
Dubuque County (east)
Fayette County (northwest)
Jones County (southeast)
Linn County (southwest)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 17,488 in the county, with a population density of . 97.75% of the population reported being of one race. 94.60% were non-Hispanic White, 0.70% were Black, 1.40% were Hispanic, 0.29% were Native American, 0.27% were Asian, 0.01% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 2.74% were some other race or more than one race. There were 8,100 housing units of which 7,141 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 17,764 in the county, with a population density of . There were 8,028 housing units, of which 7,062 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 18,404 people, 6,834 households, and 5,029 families residing in the county. The population density was 32 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 7,682 housing units at an average density of 13 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 99.28% White, 0.07% Black or African American, 0.10% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.10% from other races, and 0.30% from two or more races. 0.66% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,834 households, out of which 36.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.10% were married couples living together, 6.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.40% were non-families. 23.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.15.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 29.00% under the age of 18, 7.00% from 18 to 24, 27.60% from 25 to 44, 21.50% from 45 to 64, and 15.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 98.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,168, and the median income for a family was $43,607. Males had a median income of $30,712 versus $19,685 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,327. About 6.30% of families and 7.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.50% of those under age 18 and 9.80% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Colesburg
Delaware
Delhi
Dundee
Dyersville
Earlville
Edgewood
Greeley
Hopkinton
Manchester
Masonville
Ryan
Townships
Delaware County is divided into these townships:
Adams
Bremen
Coffins Grove
Colony
Delaware
Delhi
Elk
Hazel Green
Honey Creek
Milo
Prairie
Richland
South Fork
North Fork
Oneida
Union
Unincorporated Communities
Petersburg
Robinson
Rockville
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Delaware County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, Iowa
References
External links
County website
1837 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1837
This is a list of the complete operas of the French composer Pierre-Alexandre Monsigny (1729–1817). The majority of Monsigny's operas were premiered by the Opéra-Comique, first at the Parisian fairs of Saint-Germain and Saint-Laurent, and later (after the company merged with, and became known as, the Comédie-Italienne) at the Hôtel de Bourgogne in Paris. The company also premiered several of their later operas at the Théâtre de la Cour at the Palace of Fontainebleau before presenting them at the Bourgogne. L'îsle sonnante was premiered by the company at the residence of Madame de Montesson in Villers-Cotterêts before it was given at the Bourgogne.
List
References
Notes
Sources
Noiray, Michel (1992), "Monsigny [Moncigny, Moncini, Monsigni], Pierre-Alexandre" in The New Grove Dictionary of Opera, ed. Stanley Sadie, vol. 3, pp. 438–440. London: Macmillan.
Pitou, Spire (1983). The Paris Opéra: An Encyclopedia of Operas, Ballets, Composers, and Performers. Genesis and Glory, 1671–1715. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. .
Pitou, Spire (1985). The Paris Opera: An Encyclopedia of Operas, Ballets, Composers, and Performers. Rococo and Romantic, 1715-1815. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. .
Wild, Nicole; Charlton, David (2005). Théâtre de l'Opéra-Comique Paris: répertoire 1762-1972. Sprimont, Belgium: Editions Mardaga. .
Lists of operas by composer
Lists of compositions by composer
Ramsay Traquair (29 March 1874 – 26 August 1952) was a Scottish architect and academic with strong links to Canada.  They are remembered more for their numerous publications than for their buildings, which are limited in number. They were a particular expert on Early Canadian and French-Canadian architecture.
Life
They were born of distinguished parents. Their mother was Phoebe Anna Moss, an important artist, best remembered under their married name of Phoebe Anna Traquair. Their father was Dr Ramsay Heatley Traquair.
Traquair was born in Edinburgh and educated at Edinburgh Academy 1884–1891 with their younger brother Harry Moss Traquair. They attended both the University of Edinburgh and Bonn University 1891–1892 but did not stay to take a degree.
Architecture
They trained under Stewart Henbest Capper and also studied in the newly formed Edinburgh College of Art in 1892 under both Capper and their partner Frank Worthington Simon. They then joined the office of John More Dick Peddie and George Washington Browne, also giving occasional assistance to Robert Lorimer, all providing them an excellent architectural pedigree. They worked here from 1892 to 1899. They then briefly worked in London for Samuel Bridgman Russell before qualifying as a full architect in early 1900.
Academic life
Immediately following qualification as an architect they began pursuing an academic career rather than practice architecture.
They were employed by the Turkish government to study and record the lesser Byzantine churches of the Constantinople area, working with Professor Alexander van Millingen.
They returned to Edinburgh in 1904 taking up the post of a lecturer in architecture and architectural history at the College of Art.
Although they set up a private practice in 1905 their work was both limited and highly interrupted by numerous returns to the east where they were also highly involved in work for the British School of Archaeology in Athens.
In 1909 Gerard Baldwin Brown proposed Traquair as successor to Percy Erskine Nobbs at McGill University in Montreal, Canada. This decision was delayed and they eventually took up this role in 1913. Their final years in Edinburgh were spent at 4 Forres Street, a huge Georgian House on the Moray Estate.
They worked at McGill until retirement in 1939 concentrating on studies in early Canadian and French-Canadian architecture. They were a regular contributor of papers for journals, in particular that of the Royal Architectural Institute of Canada.
They died in Guysborough in Nova Scotia on 26 August 1952.
Designs
Reconstruction of Skirling House (1908)
MacKenzie Boarding House for Edinburgh Academy, Kinnear Road, Edinburgh (1910)
Church of the First Christ Scientist, Inverleith Terrace, Edinburgh (1910–11)
In 1912 they worked on an unexecuted scheme to complete the National Monument on Calton Hill with Sir Frank Mears.
References
Dictionary of Scottish Architects
External links
The Caste System of North America
1874 births
1952 deaths
20th-century Scottish architects
Architects from Edinburgh
People educated at Edinburgh Academy
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Alumni of the Edinburgh College of Art
McGill University faculty
MYV may refer to:
Yuba County Airport, an airport located near Marysville, California, United States
Erzya language, a language spoken in parts of the Republic of Mordovia and in adjacent regions in Russia
Cecidipta major is a species of snout moth in the genus Cecidipta. It was described by Hans Georg Amsel in 1956. It is found in Venezuela.
References
Moths described in 1956
Epipaschiinae
Major Sir James Rennie Maudslay, (13 August 1915 – 8 June 1988) was a British Army officer and courtier in the Household of Queen Elizabeth II.
Maudslay served in the Second World War as an officer in the King's Royal Rifle Corps, and was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire on 20 September 1945 for their wartime services. They relinquished their commission in the army on 13 August 1965. Between 1971 and 1981 they worked as Keeper of the Privy Purse, the financial manager of the Royal Household. They were also Secretary of the Royal Victorian Order from 1971 to 1987. On 1 January 1973 Maudslay was appointed an Extra Equerry to Elizabeth II. They were made a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in the 1979 New Year Honours.
In a letter from Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh to Maudslay in 1970, the Prince described them as a "silly little Whitehall twit".
Between 1970 and 1979 they lived at Frensham Vale House, near Farnham, Surrey.
References
1915 births
1988 deaths
British Army personnel of World War II
Equerries
King's Royal Rifle Corps officers
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
Members of the British Royal Household
Members of the Order of the British Empire
William Fennor (fl 1617), also known as Wilhelmus Vener, was an English bilingual English/Dutch poet and rogue of the Elizabethan and Jacobean periods.
They were the author of The Compter's Commonwealth (1617).This work was written from their experience of imprisonment at London's Wood Street compter.
They had been an actor at the Swan theatre, where they performed in England's Joy. In 1615 at Theobalds they recited a poem for the king about the differences between Oxford and Cambridge Universities. In 1616 they recited a poem on the Order of the Garter to the court of King James. They appeared in Ben Jonson's Masque of Augurs in 1621. They engaged in a literary dispute with John Taylor the Water Poet.
References
External links
Bilingual poet: William Fennor, Alias Wilhelmus Vener, Enghelsman (requires login)
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
English male poets
Angkor Chum District (, literally "City of the Periphery" ) is a district of Siem Reap Province, in north western Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 48,476.
Administrative divisions
Angkor Chum District a district in Siem Reap. The district has 7 communes and ? villages.
References
Districts of Cambodia
Geography of Siem Reap province
The Hart 1035 is a four-stroke, naturally aspirated, 3.5-litre, V10 racing engine, designed, developed and tuned by Brian Hart of Hart Racing Engines, between 1993 and 1994. It produced , and was used solely by the Jordan team.
Hart returned to Formula One with an in-house built 3.5 L V10 in , dubbed the 1035, signing a two-year deal with the Jordan team. This culminated in a successful 1994 season, with Rubens Barrichello finishing third at the Pacific Grand Prix and taking the engine company's last F1 pole position at the Belgian Grand Prix.
Applications
Jordan 193
Jordan 194
References
V10 engines
Formula One engines
Tandinas is a village in the community of Llanddona, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 132.8 miles (213.7 km) from Cardiff and 209.5 miles (337.2 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Laila Elin Goody (born 22 March 1971) is a Norwegian actor. They were born to an English father who worked in the oil industry and a Norwegian mother. They were born in Stavanger and grew up in Rosendal, Hordaland between the ages of two to ten, before returning to Stavanger. Here they attended Stavanger Katedralskole. After graduating from the Norwegian National Academy of Theatre in 1994, they began working at the National Theatre. After nine years at this theatre they decided to take a break, and in 2003 they moved on to do guest performances at Trøndelag Teater and Centralteatret.
Among their theatre roles are the title role in Friedrich Schiller's Mary Stuart, "Hilde" in Henrik Ibsen's The Lady from the Sea, and "Catherine" in David Auburn's Proof. 2003 was also the year when their film and television career started taking off, and in the following years they had leading roles in the movies Jonny Vang (2003) and Den som frykter ulven (2004). Them effort at Centralteatret in the double role as "Shen Te" and "Shui Ta" in Bertolt Brecht's The Good Person of Sezuan (2006) was called "excellent" and "the most important reason" to watch the play. They have been called "Norway's most awarded young actor", and among the awards they have received are NRK Radioteatrets pris, Gösta Ekmans Nordiske Minnefond, Per Aabels ærespris and Narvesen-prisen. In 2002 they were awarded the television award Gullruten for their role in the Ibsen-drama "Rosmersholm". In the same year they were also nominated for an Amanda Award for the same role, but lost to Hildegun Riise.
In 2013 Goody won the Amanda Award for Best Actress, for I Belong.
Goody has been married once, for two years, when they were 23 to 25 years old. They later became romantically involved with Anderz Eide, a freelance actor at Trøndelag Teater. They live in Sagene.
Select filmography
1996: Maja Steinansikt
1996: Markus og Diana
1998: 1732 Høtten
2002: Lekestue (TV)
2003: Jonny Vang
2004: A Cry in the Woods
2007, 2008: Kodenavn Hunter (TV)
2012: I Belong
2017. Valkyrien (TV series)
2021: HAN
References
External links
Complete list of performances at Nationaltheateret.
1971 births
Living people
Norwegian stage actores
Norwegian people of English descent
Actors from Stavanger
Oslo National Academy of the Arts alumni
Norwegian television actores
Actresses from Oslo
20th-century Norwegian actores
21st-century Norwegian actores
Norwegian film actores
Linda Voortman (born 27 June 1979 in Enschede) is a Dutch politician and former trade unionist. Representing GreenLeft, they were a Dutch member of parliament between 2010 and 2018 with interruptions. Since 7 June 2018, they have been an alderwoman of Utrecht.
Education
While studying English language and history of modern literature at the University of Groningen, Voortman participated in students' unions of their school.
Political and unionist career
From 2002 to 2008 they were a member of the municipal council of the city of Groningen.
From 2008 to 2010 they were a member of the board of Allied Union, an affiliate union of the Federation Dutch Labour Movement (FNV).
For GreenLeft, Voortman was an MP from 17 June 2010 to 19 September 2012. They focused on matters of public health, welfare and housing. Voortman serves continuously as an MP since 30 October 2012. They were added to the party faction again after seat leader Jolande Sap left the House on 23 October 2012.
In June 2014 Voortman was suspended by party group leader Bram van Ojik for one month after it was thought that they disclosed confidential information about the appointment procedure for the new National Ombudsman to party colleagues. Later that year the prosecutor stated that Voortman had the full right to discuss the appointment procedure with party colleagues and that marking them as a suspect in a criminal prosecution was unwarranted.
In 2018 Voortman left the House to become an alderwoman in Utrecht, being replaced by Paul Smeulders. In 2019 their workplace diversity policies attracted national scrutiny, especially the mandatory diversity courses for all civil servants.
References
Parlement.com biography
External links
House of Representatives biography
1979 births
Living people
21st-century Dutch politicians
21st-century Dutch women politicians
Aldermen of Utrecht
Dutch republicans
Dutch trade unionists
GroenLinks politicians
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
Municipal councillors of Groningen (city)
People from Enschede
University of Groningen alumni
James Johnston (11 August 1903 – 17 October 1991) was a Northern Irish lyric tenor, principally in opera.
Born in Belfast, Johnston had no formal training and began their working life as a butcher in their father's shop. They entered numerous competitions - winning all but one they entered - and supplemented their income by singing in semi-professional performances around Ireland. After positive notices of a performance in Rigoletto in Dublin in 1940, they were offered a contract with Sadler's Wells Opera, where they stayed for almost ten years, becoming principal tenor.
During their career Johnston played a wide range of roles, despite no formal acting training, from Pinkerton in Madama Butterfly to the title role in Gounod's Faust. They appeared as Adorno in the British premiere of Simon Boccanegra in 1948, and created the role of Hector de Florac in Arthur Bliss's opera The Olympians, premiered a year later. They made their Covent Garden debut in La Traviata opposite Elisabeth Schwarzkopf in 1949. During their career they also appeared with Maria Callas, Joan Sutherland and Victoria de los Ángeles amongst others.
They retired in 1958 at the peak of their powers, and resumed work in the family butchers business. Despite making several recordings, very few survived into the CD era, and it was not until 1994 that Testament Records released a CD devoted to their recorded performances, made between 1947 and 1951.
References
1903 births
1991 deaths
Musicians from Belfast
Operatic tenors from Northern Ireland
20th-century British male opera singers
20th-century Irish male opera singers
The Cross for Courage and Fidelity (Dutch: Kruis voor Moed en Trouw) is a military award that was established by Queen Emma of the Netherlands by Royal Decree on 7 March 1898. The cross replaced the old Medal for Courage and Fidelity, which had limited prestige and status according to the Netherlands government. The cross is the second highest award of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, preceded only by the Military William Order. The cross was awarded to (and is still worn by) natives of the Netherlands East Indies that showed exceptional display of bravery and fidelity.
The cross has a resemblance to the Military William Order and is worn with the same ribbon as that order. The shape of the cross itself is somewhat different in the sense that the cross and crown are made of non-enamelled silver. On the cross of the Military William Order a gold spark rod is shown in the middle. However, on the cross for Courage and Fidelity, a heraldic Dutch Lion is shown. Between the arms of this cross two klewangs are added. The text on the cross has the description "VOOR MOED EN TROUW" () and at the back "Daden van Moed en Trouw in Nederlands-Indië door inlanders betoond" (). Between the crown and cross is a spark rod, a distinguishing mark of the Order of the Golden Fleece or the Military William Order.
The Governor-General of the Netherlands East Indies was authorized to award the cross. A total of 262 bronze and 13 silver crosses have been awarded, most of them in 1925. The last cross was awarded in 1927; after that natives and native soldiers of the Royal Dutch East Indies Army were also eligible to receive the Military William Order.
Those recipients who lost the cross during the Japanese occupation of Indonesia could receive a new cross but without an emblazoned crown.
Criticism
The cross, nicknamed the "Military William Order for natives", has been regarded by many as discriminatory to the natives in the Netherlands East Indies.
See also
Star for Loyalty and Merit
External links
List of those who have received the Silver Cross
References
Courage and Fidelity
Awards established in 1898
1898 establishments in the Netherlands
The Linbury Prize for Stage Design is the most prestigious prize for emerging stage designers with professional focus on theatre, dance, and opera companies in the United Kingdom. Since 1987, it has been awarded every two years.
History
In 1973, Lord Sainsbury of Preston Candover KG (John Sainsbury) and their wife Lady Sainsbury, CBE, the former ballerina Anya Linden, founded the charitable Linbury Trust (Linbury is a portmanteau combining the names Linden and Sainsbury). The Linbury Prize, intending to launch the careers of young stage designers, is funded entirely by the Linbury Trust and supported by a group of advocates, endorsing its aims. The first Linbury Prizes were awarded in 1987.
Selection
The selection to determine the winners follows a procedure:
The designs of entrants, recent graduates of theatre design courses at colleges across the United Kingdom, are presented to a group of three jurors.
The designs of more than twelve candidates are selected.
The selected candidates present their designs to the directors and choreographers of three previously selected, commissioning British theatre, opera house, or dance companies.
Each company selects three designers with whom they desire to collaborate.
The twelve finalists are asked to create designs for the companies forthcoming productions. Their expenses are covered by a sum supplied by the Linbury Trust.
Four designs, one for each production, are selected. Their creators are the winners of the Linbury Prize for Stage Design, which is the commission to realise the selected designs on stage. Financial support for the winner as well as for the commissioning company is supplied by the Linbury Trust.
Winners
From 1987 until 1995, three prizes, including the overall winner (OW), were awarded biennially.
Since 1997, four prizes are awarded biennially.
The following designers are awarded winners:
Website
Official website
References
Awards established in 1987
Fellowships
Design awards
Rynoltice () is a municipality and village in Liberec District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 800 inhabitants.
Rynoltice lies approximately west of Liberec.
Administrative parts
Villages of Černá Louže, Jítrava, Nová Starost and Polesí are administrative parts of Rynoltice.
History
The first written mention of Rynoltice is from 1364. The village was founded in the 13th century by German colonists. During the Hussite Wars, the village was ransacked, and resettled again in 1563.
Transport
There is a train station on the railroad between Liberec and Česká Lípa.
Notable people
Johann Schicht (1855–1907), German Bohemian entrepreneur
References
External links
Villages in Liberec District
Łuszczów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Giannis Bastianos (; born 29 April 1998) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a winger for Super League 2 club Egaleo.
References
1998 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Greece youth international footballers
Greece under-21 international footballers
Super League Greece players
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Asteras Tripolis F.C. players
Veria F.C. players
Apollon Smyrnis F.C. players
Levadiakos F.C. players
Apollon Larissa F.C. players
Association football wingers
Sportspeople from Chios
John Lewis (6 October 1923 – 2002) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1923 births
2002 deaths
English footballers
Association football wing halves
English Football League players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Hereford United F.C. players
Inch Abbey is a ruined Cistercian monastery on the outskirts of Downpatrick, County Down, Northern Ireland.
It was founded by Anglo-Norman John de Courcy in the twelfth century at the site of a previous monastery which had operated from the 9th until earlier in the 12th century. De Courcy established the monastery as penance for their destruction of Erenagh Abbey in 1177.
Its name is derived from the Irish word inis, meaning 'island', referring to the fact that the monastery was originally surrounded by the River Quoile.
It is served by Inch Abbey railway station, which is operated by the Downpatrick and County Down Railway.
References
Monasteries in Northern Ireland
Religious buildings and structures in County Down
Cistercian monasteries in Northern Ireland
Badminton, for the 2015 Island Games, was held at the New Gilson Hall. It is located in Saint Martin, Jersey. With a practice day on 27 June, the events took place from 28 June to 3 July 2015.
Medal table
Final medal tally, based on the 2015 IG Badminton Medal Table page:
Medal summary
References
Island Games
2015 Island Games
Badminton tournaments in England
2015
Ethanedithiol may refer to:
1,1-Ethanedithiol
1,2-Ethanedithiol
Episcopal Church of the Transfiguration may refer to:
in the United States
(by state)
Episcopal Church of the Transfiguration (Arcadia, California)
Episcopal Church of the Transfiguration (Vail, Colorado)
Episcopal Church of the Transfiguration (Belle Plaine, Minnesota)
Episcopal Church of the Transfiguration (Dallas, Texas)
See also
Church of the Transfiguration (disambiguation)
Ystrad Marchell sometimes Strad Marchell () was a medieval commote (cwmwd) in the cantref of Ystlyg in the Kingdom of Powys. It roughly coincides with the parish of Welshpool.
It lay at the east of the kingdom, bordering the cantref of Caereinion to the west and south, and the cantref of Mechain to the north-west. Within Ystlyg the other commotes were Deuddwr to the north, Llannerch Hudol to the south and Y Gorddwr (or Corddwr) to the east. The cantref of Ystlyg (excluding Y Gorddwr) corresponds to the later hundred of Deuddwr.
Ystrad Marchell was founded by or named for Marchell, a sister of the fifth or sixth century saint Tyfrydog. They were also a saint and is associated with Capel Marchell near Llanrwst, and Ffynnon Farchell () and St Marcella's Parish Church (formerly Llanfarchell) in Eglwys Wen near Denbigh.
The valley of Ystrad Marchell is the site of the medieval Cistercian monastery of Strata Marcella (Latinised form of Ystrad Marchell, strata meaning paved road or causeway) which was founded in 1170-72 by Owain Cyfeiliog, who ruled the southern part (which would later be known as Powys Wenwynwyn) of the divided Kingdom of Powys, after the death in 1160 of Madog ap Maredudd, the last prince of the whole of Powys.
Together with Llannerch Hudol and Deuddwr it formed the Teirswydd ("three commotes") which were among the lands restored into the possession of Gruffydd ap Gwenwynwyn in return for their homage and fealty by Llywelyn ap Gruffudd at Ystumanner in 1263.
References
History of Powys
Commotes
Amy Mastura Suhaimi (born 10 May 1971) is a Malaysian singer and actor.
Them entertainment career began in the music industry, following their performance at the 1993 Asia bagus talent show in Japan. Them self-titled debut studio album was released the following year under PonyCanyon, and they won the 1995 Penyanyi Wanita Popular (Popular Female Artiste) award. Of their studio albums, the most popular are Amy Mastura and Pujaanku, both of which were certified Double Platinum, and Puteri, which was certified Platinum. Mastura also performed a duet with American pop singer Tommy Page, titled "The Best Part". Them single, "Bintang Hati" from their 2000 third studio album of the same name, garnered them another award, this time as the Best Pop Rock Song in 2000 Juara Lagu awards.
Mastura first ventured into the film industry in 1994 with the film Kuala Lumpur Universiti few months before their debut album released, but they gained prominence in 1996's Tragedi Oktober, which was a local hit. They gained another hit the following year with Aziz M. Osman's Puteri Impian, a highly acclaimed romantic comedy for which they portray Nora Mat Jidin, a factory girl who likes to dream and then later to join the reality TV to pursue their dream to be a princess. Through the film, they have won the best actor award at the Malaysia Film Festival in 1999. They then once again nominated for best actor for their dual-role comedic performance as well as receive another nomination for best original story for their works with Aziz in Bintang Hati (2004).  They are now actively appears in local television dramas playing both comedy and dramatic roles.
In early March 2011, Mastura became the new ambassador for Kose, a Japanese cosmetic line. They became the first Malay woman to be the ambassador for Kose.
Throughout their career as a performer, Amy Mastura has recorded and produced seven studio albums, three compilation albums and recorded 93 songs and singles, their album sales reached 5 million units.
Early life
Amy Mastura was born on 10 May 1971 in Batu Gajah, Perak.  They are the younger child of two siblings. They have an older brother. Them mother, Che Pora Din had portrayed as Nora's aunt in Puteri Impian 2 while their father is a retired soldier. Mastura and their older brother were raised in Ipoh. Them cousins, Mazuin Hamzah and Mazlan Hamzah entered showbiz first and are members of Malaysian band, Quinary M which was popular in the 1980s. Them career was managed by their cousin, Nana since with Sony Music Malaysia.
Career
Amy Mastura began their early career as a flight attendantess with Malaysia Airlines (MAS) from 1989 to 1994. They have family ties with Mazuin Hamzah as cousin, thus, musical career is synonymous with them Mastura joined the music career via Asia Bagus competition in Japan and as a result, they won the competition and defeating other Asian new talents. They signed with the Japanese record label Pony Canyon where they were their recording artiste until 1999.
They were first introduced through a song titled, Harapan Semalam, a duet song with composer Azmeer. Them self-titled debut album was released in 1994, a year after they won the Asia Bagus, notable singles from the album are Meniti Hari, Jawapan Kasih and Kasih became hits in the radio airwaves. Them first single, Meniti Hari entering the 10th Anugerah Juara Lagu. They won the Popular Female Singer category at the Anugerah Bintang Popular Berita Harian 1994 and defeating other singers such as Fauziah Latiff and Shima. They also nominated in Best New Female Artist and Best Female Vocal Performance at the Anugerah Industri Muzik 1995. They left Malaysia Airlines in the end of 1994 to focus on their musical career.
They collaborated with the American singer and songwriter, Tommy Page through a song titled, The Best Part. They were also a VJ on MTV Syok produced by MTV in 1995. On 1 May 1996, their second album Pujaan Ku was released and later followed by their third album, Puteri, on 4 November 1997.
Besides music, they were also a sought-after actor when they appeared in their first film, Kuala Lumpur Universiti with Azhar Sulaiman, the film was not released until 1999. This was followed by their second movie, Impian and later followed by their other films including Tragedi Oktober and Puteri Impian. The film eventually earned a win for Mastura in the Best Actress category at the 1999 Malaysian Film Festival. They also acted in several dramas and telemovies and active in theatrical works.
Them success in acting career has opened the public eye when they worked under the guidance from film director Aziz M. Osman. Both Puteri Impian films gained the box office in Malaysian film industry and earned Amy the Most Popular Film Actress in ABPBH 1999. During the 14th Malaysian Film Festival, they won Best Actress and defeated other actor such as Vanida Imran, Nasha Aziz and Normah Damanhuri.  They are the only Best Female Vocal Performance finalist at the AIM to win the FFM's Best Actress.
In 2000, Amy joined Sony Music after their contract with Pony Canyon ended in 1999. Them fourth album, Bintang Hati was released and this was their first album with Sony Music. Three singles from the album, Bintang Hati, Sha Na Na and Siapalah Aku became hits and achieved in local radio charts. At the end of 2000, Mastura began their theatrical debut, entitled Siti Di Alam Fantasi at the Istana Budaya.
In 2001, they appeared in Toll Gate Girl directed by Osman Ali where they played as Markonah, together with actor Rita Rudaini and their co-star, Rashid Salleh and gained positive feedback from fans who had been waiting for their movie appearance. Them fifth album, Akan Datang was released a year later, Mastura remains popular as a singer even after becoming a wife and mother. The album won the Best Album Cover and the Kasih Suci music video won the AIM 2002. They also appeared in Cinta 3 Musim jointly produced by their own company, Amy Mastura Entertainment and Aziz M. Osman's Ace Motion Pictures where the drama VCD was released via three stages in 2003. Them husband also appeared as a supporting cast. In 2004, Mastura appeared in two films directed by Aziz, a musical film titled Bintang Hati where they portrayed two characters, Syakila (a popular singer) and Tasha (Syakila's manager); and the other one is a suspense thriller film, titled Trauma where they played as Nurul.
In 2005, Amy Mastura released their sixth album, Lebih Baik, however, the album received negative feedback when its first single, Bukakanlah Pintu failed to reach listeners' attention. Notable singles include Bingung , Kasihku Sinar and Cinta. They also appeared in a comedy series, Puteri starring Nora Danish. Later on, Mastura appeared in several dramas such as Kasut Tumit Tinggi. In 2007, they hosted a lifestyle program, Casa Impian which formerly aired on Astro Ria and moved to TV3.
Them seventh album, Happy was released in 2009 but failed to highlight them as a singer as they are more prominent in acting career. They appeared in three films in 2010, Damping Malam, Hooperz and Aku Tak Bodoh.
After appearing in Siti Di Alam Fantasi, they appeared in their second theatrical works entitled, Gamat which also starred their daughter, Adalia. A year later, they became the ambassador of the Japanese cosmetical brand, Kose and made them the first Malay woman to become the spokesperson for the brand.
Between 2012 and 2015, they released two new singles, Tapi Itu Dulu and Jom Menari... Lerr from their upcoming album to be released soon. In June 2015, they decided to wear a hijab. In 2016, Amy Mastura released their new single, "Kalimah", it was their last recording before retired from their singing career after exactly 24 years.
In 2017, Amy will be starring in a drama called Jejak Karmila. The drama will be aired on TV3. On 7 September, Amy alongside 15 others celebrities will participate in Super Spontan Superstar 2017 which is a reality comedy shows on Astro Warna. They made it in top 8 with Shuib Sepahtu thus eliminated them in semi-finals.
Other ventures
Besides singing and acting, Mastura also played their role as the product endorser and spokesperson where they have become the endorser for several products such as Quaker Oat, Omega watch, Cif, Maggi Cukup Rasa and other products.
Personal life
Throughout their career, Amy Mastura has been known as a very disciplined artist and free from gossip.
They married with their longtime friend who is also an oil rig engineer, Alvin Tham Suffian on 1 July 2000 and they have two daughters, Adriana and Adalia. Their marriage was held in Ipoh, Perak and dubbed as the "Wedding of the Year". They also have a family ties with international football player, Nazmi Faiz.
Discography
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Remix album
Soundtrack album
Filmography
Film
Telemovie
Television series
Theatre
Television
Videography
Hanya Untukmu (1996)
Amy Mastura Video Hits (2000)
Bintang Karaoke : Amy Mastura (2002)
Amy Mastura MTV Karaoke (2004)
Keunggulan Amy Mastura VCD Karaoke (2005)
Concerts
Amy Mastura Live in Concert 2000 @ Life Centre (2000)
Television hosting
TV Programs
MTV Syok @ MTV Channel (Asia) (1995–1997)
Casa Impian (Season 7) @ TV3 (2007)
Kraft Single With Kids @ ntv7 (2008)
Apa-Apa Aje Musim Kelima @ TV3 (2009)
Awards
Anugerah Juara Lagu 1994 @ TV3 (1994)
Anugerah Skrin 1995 @ TV3 (1995)
Anugerah Juara Lagu 2005 @ TV3 (2005)
Anugerah Bintang Popular Berita Harian 2013 @ TV3 (2014)
Anugerah Bintang Popular Berita Harian 2014 @ TV3 (2015)
Awards and achievements
Anugerah Industri Muzik
Malaysia Film Festival
Anugerah Bintang Popular Berita Harian
Anugerah Juara Lagu
Muzik-Muzik Semi-final
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Malaysian actores
Malaysian women pop singers
Malaysian pop rock singers
Malaysian rhythm and blues singers
Malaysian soul singers
Malaysian people of Malay descent
People from Perak
Malaysian Muslims
Malay-language singers
21st-century Malaysian women singers
The Beijing babbler (Rhopophilus pekinensis), also known as the white-browed Chinese warbler, Chinese hill warbler, or Chinese bush-dweller, is a species of bird in the genus Rhopophilus. It is now thought to be a close relative of the parrotbills and is placed in the family Paradoxornithidae; previously, it was placed in the families Cisticolidae, Timaliidae or Sylviidae. It is found in northern China and North Korea, and formerly occurred in South Korea. The species was first described by Robert Swinhoe in 1868.
References
Del Hoyo, J.; Elliot, A. & Christie D. (editors). (2007). Handbook of the Birds of the World. Volume 12: Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions.
Magnus Gelang, Alice Cibois, Eric Pasquet, Urban Olsson, Per Alström, Per G. P. Ericson: Phylogeny of babblers (Aves, Passeriformes): major lineages, family limits and classification, Zoologica Scripta, 38, 3, May 2009, pp 225–236 Article
Beijing babbler
Birds of China
Birds of Korea
Beijing babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The culture of Omaha, Nebraska, has been partially defined by music and college sports, and by local cuisine and community theatre. The city has a long history of improving and expanding on its cultural offerings. In the 1920s, the Omaha Bee newspaper wrote, "The cultural future of Omaha seems as certain of greatness as the commercial future... The symphony orchestra, the Art institute, the Community Playhouse and other organizations are on firm foundations and Omaha is destined to be not only a bigger, but a better city, both financially and culturally." Reviewing Omaha's contemporary arts scene in 2007, the New York Times hailed the city as having "a kind of cultural awakening".
The nationally recognized "Omaha Sound" describes the unique alternative rock scene in the city, and Big Joe Williams' 1953 minor hit "Omaha Blues" is about a woman in the city. The baseball College World Series has been held continuously in Omaha since 1950, and a disputed professional wrestling title was called the World Heavyweight Championship (Omaha version) during the 1950s and 1960s because promoters in the city hosted their own matches without sanctioning.
Fred Astaire and their sister Adele, Nick Nolte, Dorothy McGuire and Marlon Brando were all born in Omaha, and Academy Award winner Henry Fonda grew up in the city and was encouraged to pursue acting by Marlon Brando's mother at the Omaha Community Playhouse, which they helped found.
Museums
Omaha has one major museum and several regionally important museums. The Joslyn Art Museum is nationally renowned for its collections of Native American art and art works relating to the early European exploration of western North America. The Durham Museum is located on 10th Street in the art deco Union Station. The museum has numerous permanent exhibits and is accredited with the Smithsonian Institution for traveling exhibits from the Smithsonian. Since its inception in 1976, Omaha Children's Museum has been a place where children can challenge themselves, discover how the world works and learn through play.
The Bemis Center for Contemporary Arts, just east of Omaha's Old Market Historic District, was founded in the early 1980s and hosts artists from all over the world. It is one of the nation's premier artists' colonies, founded by Ree Schonlau (Kaneko), wife of Japanese artist Jun Kaneko, who lives in Omaha and opened Museum Kaneko in 2007.
Other museums in Omaha include the Great Plains Black History Museum, celebrating the legacy of African Americans in Omaha and throughout the Midwest; and; the General Crook House Museum at Fort Omaha, exploring the role of the U.S. Army during the Indian Wars of the 1900s. General Crook was renowned for speaking on behalf of Chief Standing Bear of the Omahas during the landmark trial of Standing Bear v. Crook in 1879. El Museo Latino celebrates the legacy, art and culture of Latin America, and is the first Latino art and history museum in Omaha.
Performing arts
The Omaha Symphony Orchestra, founded in 1921, and Opera Omaha, opened in 1958, are longtime bastions of the Omaha cultural scene. American Midwest Ballet is Nebraska's only resident professional ballet company, which performs at Witherspoon Hall at Joslyn Art Museum and Orpheum Theaters. The Omaha Community Playhouse is the largest, and one of the most famous and best-endowed community theaters in the United States. The Blue Barn Theatre and the Holland Performing Arts Center are venues located within Omaha.
The Shelterbelt Theatre focuses on the development of original theatrical works and provides practical theater education to playwrights, performers, creative and technical staff. The Omaha Area Youth Orchestra, the Magic Theatre, and the Omaha Modern Dance Collective are among other notable performing arts organizations in the area.
Music
Omaha has a rich history in rhythm & blues and jazz as a regular stop for many Kansas City jazz bands and such homegrown talent as Wynonie Harris, Preston Love, Buddy Miles, and Luigi Waites. The city was also the subject of the Big Joe Williams song "Omaha Blues". During the 1960s some surf music bands came out of Omaha, of which The Rumbles have become the longest lasting.
According to one reviewer, "Tritely tagged 'emo' by writers everywhere, the Omaha Sound is as varied and complex as the 'Athens Sound'." Omaha is regarded by some as the "Indie Rock Capital" of the world. During the late 1990s, Omaha became nationally known as the birthplace of the successful rock band 311 and Saddle Creek Records, a record label featuring artists such as Bright Eyes, The Faint, and Cursive. Other major music groups either located in or originally from Omaha include Mannheim Steamroller, Azure Ray, Tilly and the Wall and the late indie-folk singer/songwriter Elliott Smith.
American Idol, a popular reality television show and talent competition broadcast on Fox network, chose Omaha as one of its auditioning cities for their seventh season in 2007 at the Qwest Center. David Cook, from Blue Springs, Missouri, was one of many to audition in the city, and they later went on to win that season in 2008.
Cuisine
Omaha has several major stockyards and renowned steakhouses, including Gorat's, the now defunct Mister C's, Omaha Steaks, and the Original Johnny's Cafe. This cultural legacy is also apparent in the name of the city's indoor football team, the Omaha Beef. Omaha also has a long history as a regional beer center, with the Krug, Storz, Metz Brewery and Willow Springs Brewery forming the city's "Big 4" breweries.
The Old Market in downtown Omaha includes more than 30 restaurants in this six-block historic district. ConAgra Foods, based in Omaha, supplies foods and ingredients to all types of restaurants, while Godfather's Pizza is a national chain that was founded in Omaha. The Reuben sandwich may have been invented in Omaha, and the collection of single malt Scotch whisky at Dundee Dell may be one of the largest in the United States.
Sports
Omaha's Johnny Rosenblatt Stadium was home to the Omaha Royals minor-league baseball team, now known as the Omaha Storm Chasers (the AAA affiliate of the Kansas City Royals). From 1950 until 2011, it hosted the annual NCAA College World Series men's baseball tournament in mid-June. The College World Series is now held at TD Ameritrade Park Omaha, and the Omaha Storm Chasers now play at Werner Park in Sarpy County. The Omaha Beef indoor football team plays at the Omaha Civic Auditorium. Other sports facilities in Omaha include Morrison Stadium, home of the Creighton Bluejays men's and women's soccer teams.
The Creighton Bluejays compete in a number of NCAA Division I sports. In addition to soccer, they play basketball and baseball.
Ice hockey is a popular spectator sport in Omaha. The two current Omaha-area teams include the Omaha Lancers, a United States Hockey League team that plays at the Omaha Civic Auditorium. The University of Nebraska Omaha Mavericks are an NCAA Division I team playing at Baxter Arena.
The Omaha Ak-Sar-Ben Knights were the American Hockey League affiliate of the Calgary Flames. The Knights played their home games at the Omaha Civic Auditorium. Following the 2006–07 season the Knights were relocated to the Quad Cities due to mounting losses taken on by the Calgary organization; they were renamed the Quad City Flames and replaced the Quad City Mallards of the United Hockey League.
Omaha is home to numerous important historical and modern sports figures, including Baseball Hall of Famer Bob Gibson; Gregg Olson, 1989 American League Rookie of the Year; Ron Prince, former head football coach at Kansas State University; Heisman Trophy winners Nile Kinnick, Johnny Rodgers, and Eric Crouch; and Gale Sayers, a Pro Football Hall of Famer.
Festivals and parades
Native Omaha Days is a long-time tradition of North Omaha's African American community. A bi-annual celebration includes dozens of events throughout the Near North Side, including dances, family reunions, and other events. A large parade features notable North Omahans, as well as marching bands and floats.
The Omaha Blues, Jazz, & Gospel Festival and Florence Days are two other important local events.
Film
In 1939, the world premiere of the film Union Pacific was held in Omaha. The accompanying three-day celebration drew 250,000 people, doubling the population of the city and requiring the National Guard to help keep order. A special train from Hollywood to Omaha carried director Cecil B. DeMille and stars Barbara Stanwyck and Joel McCrea.
The 1977 Elvis in Concert television special in Omaha is considered by many experts to be the worst concert Elvis ever performed. The show was filmed, though, and some of the performances made it into the special, including the great performance of "How Great Thou Art", probably the only good performance of the concert.
Omaha has been showcased by a handful of relatively big budget motion pictures and by productions with a lesser budget, including the adventure Omaha (The Movie).
The city's most extensive exposure can be accredited to Omaha native Alexander Payne, the Oscar-nominated director shot parts of About Schmidt, Citizen Ruth and Election in the city; their handling of the scenes suggests a deep-rooted love for their hometown, exemplified by their decision to eventually make a feature film called Nebraska. Portions of The Assassination of Richard Nixon and The Indian Runner were also shot in Omaha, including scenes of the now demolished Delmar Hotel. In 2005, Payne joined the board of directors of Film Streams, a nonprofit arts organization opening a two-screen cinema in downtown Omaha.
The demolition of Omaha's Indian Hills Theater, at one time the largest Cinerama in the nation, remains a source of contention between the local artistic community and Methodist Hospital. At present, the Dundee Theatre is the lone surviving single-screen movie theater in the city.
Media
The Omaha metropolitan area is served by the Omaha World-Herald, the city's major newspaper, as well as suburban newspapers and independent newspapers and magazines including The Reader and Omaha Magazine. The Omaha Star, founded in 1938 in North Omaha, is Nebraska's only African-American newspaper.
The Omaha World-Herald is the largest employee-owned newspaper in the United States, and also has one of the highest penetration rates, meaning the percentage of the population in the country that subscribes to the newspaper. The Omaha World-Herald Freedom Center is a $200 million printing press facility on the north end of downtown.
People
Omaha is the historic and modern birthplace and home of many notable politicians, actors, musicians, business leaders and cultural leaders. Malcolm X was born here in 1925. A variety of actors, including Fred and Adele Astaire, Nick Nolte, Dorothy McGuire, Marlon Brando and Gabrielle Union, were born in Omaha. Academy Award winner Henry Fonda grew up in Omaha and was encouraged to pursue acting by Marlon Brando's mother at the Omaha Community Playhouse, which they helped found. Montgomery Clift came from Omaha, and their family's home still stands on South 33rd Street, a few blocks from the Gerald Ford birthplace site, which memorializes the 38th President. Omaha's rich musical heritage includes legends such as Wynonie Harris, Preston Love, Buddy Miles, Calvin Keys, and Eugene McDaniels. The modern music scene includes the members of 311. The third wealthiest person in the world, Warren Buffett, also lives in Omaha.
Ethnic and racial groups
Native Americans, including Omaha, Pawnee, Otoe, Sioux, Missouria and Ioway, have occupied the area for thousands of years. As the city of Omaha has grown, it has thrived from the contributions of people from nations around the world. Early populations to settle in the city included Czechs, Irish, Germans, Italians, and Norwegians, African Americans, Greeks, Poles, Jews and Slovaks. Today there are growing populations of Sudanese, Mexicans, and Latinos from throughout Central and South America.
Other cultural highlights
A portion of Omaha's renovated downtown area is known as the Old Market. Part of the former "Jobbers Canyon" that included fruit markets, warehouses and other agricultural and industrial buildings, it is home to a number of shops, restaurants, bars, and art galleries. The area also has uneven brick roads, horse-drawn carriages, and street performers.
Between the zoo and the Old Market lies the Omaha Botanical Gardens (also known as Lauritzen Gardens). This botanical garden features 13 outdoor areas, including a rose garden, herb garden, children's garden and an arboretum. Recognizing Union Pacific's long history in Omaha, situated on the grounds of Lauritzen Gardens is the new Kenefick Park, featuring two of the largest locomotives ever used in the United States - Big Boy #4023, a steam engine, and Centennial #6900. These locomotives overlook Interstate 80 for motorists entering from Iowa.
There are numerous community gardens across the neighborhoods of Omaha, including Big Garden, Big Muddy Urban Farm, Benson Community Garden, City Sprouts, Dundee Community Garden, Farnam Farm Garden, Gifford Park Community Garden, Hands to Harvest Community Garden, and New Omaha Garden Park.
Omaha is home to a number of nonprofit and charity organizations, including Father Flanagan's famous Girls and Boys Town. Omaha's Henry Doorly Zoo is widely considered one of the premier zoos in the world. The River City Star provides cruises on the Missouri River from the historic Miller's Landing in downtown Omaha.
There are a number of visual and performance artists from Omaha, including Edward Ruscha.
Omaha has five sister cities: Shizuoka, Japan (1965); Braunschweig, Germany (1992); Siauliai, Lithuania (1996); Naas, Ireland (2002); and Xalapa, Mexico (2005).
The annual Midwest Humanist and Freethought Conference, since 2013 known as Apostacon, was held in Omaha in 2011–2014.
See also
Culture in North Omaha, Nebraska
Tourism in Omaha, Nebraska
Theatres in Omaha (category)
References
Further reading
Chudacoff, H. (1973) "A New Look At Ethnic Neighborhoods: Residential Dispersion and the Concept of Visibility in a Medium-Sized City". The Journal of American History, 60 (1) (June 1973):76-93.
External links
Omaha Heritage and Culture Festival
All About Omaha
Film Streams.
Shelterbelt Theatre
Omaha slideshow. Studio 360's Kurt Andersen takes you to their hometown, Omaha, Nebraska, and finds a surprisingly vibrant arts and music scene.
Nebraska culture
Sir Alastair Muir Russell (born 9 January 1949) is a Scottish retired civil servant and former Principal and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Glasgow, and Chairman of the Judicial Appointments Board for Scotland.
Early life
Russell was born on 9 January 1949 in Glasgow and educated at the High School of Glasgow, which was then the city's grammar school, and at the University of Glasgow, where they took a First in Natural Philosophy.
Career
Civil Service
They joined the Scottish Office in 1970 and became Secretary of the Scottish Development Agency on its establishment in Glasgow in 1975. They were Principal Private Secretary to the Secretary of State for Scotland from 1981 to 1983 and was seconded to the Cabinet Office in 1990. They were appointed Permanent Secretary at The Scottish Office in May 1998, and to the Scottish Executive since its establishment in 1999.
University of Glasgow
They took office as Principal of the University of Glasgow on 1 October 2003, but attracted much criticism for their handling of the 2006 lecturers' strike, as well as attempts to close the University's Crichton Campus in Dumfries and for receiving pay rises which were much greater than the rate of inflation. They retired in October 2009, and was succeeded by Professor Anton Muscatelli, former Vice-Principal of the University and former Principal of Heriot-Watt University, Edinburgh. On 7 October 2008, Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill announced Sir Muir would succeed Sir Neil McIntosh as Chairman of the Judicial Appointments Board for Scotland for a three year appointment. Theirs was re-appointed for another three years from 2011-2014.
Climatic Research Unit investigation
In December 2009 they were appointed to head an independent investigation into allegations concerning the Climatic Research Unit email controversy. The inquiry reported on 7 July 2010, largely clearing the UEA of the allegations. The "rigour and honesty" of the scientists at the Climatic Research Unit were found not to be in doubt. However, the panel also concluded the scientists were insufficiently open about their work and unhelpful and defensive in response to freedom of information requests. Notable scholars and experts, including John Beddington and Myles Allen, welcomed the findings of the inquiry and stated that the climate scientists had been cleared of the allegations of misconduct, while Patrick Michaels disagreed.
Personal life
Russell is married to Eileen Mackay, also a former Scottish Office civil servant who left the civil service and became, amongst other interests, a director of the Royal Bank of Scotland. They were elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 2000 and holds honorary degrees from the University of Glasgow, University of Edinburgh and the University of Strathclyde. They were appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath in the Queen's Birthday Honours in 2001.
References
1949 births
Living people
Civil servants from Glasgow
Permanent Under-Secretaries of State for Scotland
Permanent Secretaries of the Scottish Executive
Civil servants in the Cabinet Office
Private secretaries in the British Civil Service
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
People educated at the High School of Glasgow
Knights Commander of the Order of the Bath
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Principals of the University of Glasgow
CMR Central is a shopping mall located at Maddilapalem, Visakhapatnam. It was developed by CMR Shopping Mall Private Limited.
Description
Renowned as one of the biggest malls in Visakhapatnam, CMR Central opened on 2 January 2010 with 6 floors of retail space. It has a built-up area of 72,000 square feet and is spread over 5 floors. From apparel to electronics to food to home furniture, CMR Central houses all major commodities. Located in Maddilapalem, CMR Central is one of the popular landmarks in Vizag that is located in the heart of the city. It contains outlets of major clothing and apparel brands, a gaming zone, a bowling alley, a large number of restaurants and even a four-screen multiplex cinema.
Entertainment
Be it for shopping, or for watching movies, or for eating a wide variety of food, CMR Central is the favourite place to be for many citizens of Visakhapatnam. The mall has stores like Reliance Digital, Hometown, Spa, Levis, Max Fashion, Reliance Trends KFC. Burger King, Pizza Hut and McDonald's. It includes 4 screens INOX.
Events
CMR Central has functioned as a venue for many events in the city. In the past, many popular celebrities like Sai Ramesh have graced this place. This mall has also hosted various music events like Battle of the Bands, charity events, fashion walks and beauty contests.
References
Shopping malls in Visakhapatnam
Shopping malls established in 2010
2010 establishments in Andhra Pradesh
Grenfell is a town in Weddin Shire in the Central West of New South Wales, Australia. It is west of Sydney. It is close to Forbes, Cowra and Young. At the 2011 census, Grenfell had a population of 1,996. The town is served daily by connecting NSW TrainLink services from Sydney via Bathurst and Lithgow. Grenfell is approximately 5 hours from Sydney and 2 1/2 hours from Canberra.
History
In 1866, shepherd Cornelius O'Brien discovered a gold bearing quartz outcrop. Within some weeks, large parties of miners from the Lambing Flats and Forbes diggings arrived. Tents, bark huts and a business centre grew along the banks of Emu Creek. A few months later, Grenfell was proclaimed on January 1, 1867 after Gold Commissioner, John Granville Grenfell, who was wounded by bushrangers near Narromine on 7 December 1866. John Granville Grenfell was driving a coach at the time and refused to stop when bushrangers called them to. They were shot twice in the groin and died 24 hours later. Between 1867 and 1869 over of gold were produced each year on the Grenfell goldfields and were the richest gold fields in NSW during this time.
Grenfell was a goldmining town first known as Emu Creek and renamed in honour of John Grenfell, Gold Commissioner at Forbes, who had been killed in 1866 when bushrangers attacked a stagecoach on which they were travelling. "Weddin" Post Office opened on 3 December 1866 and was renamed "Grenfell" on 24 December the same year. By 1870-71 it was producing more gold than any other town in NSW. However, by the mid-1870s gold was in decline. During the First World War, manganese ore was mined near Grenfell for the production of ferromanganese.
Wheat was first grown in the district in 1871. In late October 1901, the railway from Koorawatha to Grenfell was officially opened. Unlike most Australian country towns Grenfell has a main street which bends.
The town's rugby league team competed for the Maher Cup.
In June 2007, the Spirit of the Bush Concert was held on the sporting fields. Acts included the organiser and Australian of the Year Lee Kernaghan, local and international star Steve Forde & the Flange, Adam Brand, Leo Sayer, Diesel, and The McClymonts.
Population
In the 2016 Census, there were 2,573 people in Grenfell. 86.5% of people were born in Australia and 91.7% of people spoke only English at home. they most common responses for religion were Anglican 27.1%, Catholic 25.6%, No Religion 17.9% and Uniting Church 8.5%.
Grenfell railway station
The Grenfell railway station is a heritage listed site.
Attractions
Chrysler Car Museum
Ochre Arch Farm Tours
Iandra Castle
Ben Halls Cave
Weddin Mountains National Park
Seaton's Farm
Bird Watching and Bird Trails
Endemic Garden
Wallangreen Sculpture Garden
Grenfell Art Gallery
Patina Gallery
Grenfell Museum
Historic Railway Station
Historic Main Street and George Street
Henry Lawson birthplace and statues
O'Brians Hill
The Big Gold Pick and Pan
Sporting Hall of Fame
Major events
A full calendar of events can be found here or a list of the major events can be found below.
Australia Day – January
Grenfell Rodeo - March (cancelled 2021)
ANZAC Day Commemorations – April
Grenfell Picnic Races – April
Henry Lawson Festival of Arts – June (cancelled 2021 & 2020, due to COVID-19)
Grenfell Show – August/September (cancelled 2020)
Caragabal Sheep Races – September
Jockey Club Races – September
Weddin Mountain Muster – September/October
Combined Services Club Christmas Carnival - December
Carols by Candlelight – December
Climate
Typical of the South West Slopes, Grenfell features a stark difference in temperatures and sky conditions between summer and winter. Summers are hot and dry with long sunny periods interspersed with severe thunderstorms, whereas winters are cool and rainy with many overcast days. Sleet and rarely snow can fall in the winter months, despite the low altitude.
Climate data are sourced from Grenfell (Manganese Rd), at an altitude of . Rainfall records commenced in 1885, but those of temperature not until 1907. Extreme temperature records are found only from 1965 onwards.
The villages of Weddin Shire
Greenethorpe – George Greene built Iandra Castle between 1886 and 1908 and established Australia's first share farming agreement. They were instrumental in providing a rail link from Koorawatha to transport wheat. Greenethorpe grew as a support town for the rural population and was named in honour of George Greene.
Caragabal – The town developed as a staging post and watering hole for coach drivers and horses on the run between West Wyalong and Grenfell. Caragabal was once a thriving hub for railway, stock and grain. The town has an 18-hole golf course, tennis courts, bowling club and hotel.
Quandialla – Quandialla is the aboriginal word for spiny anteater. Founded in 1914 as a railway town, Quandialla has a population of 200 people. Services in the village include the historic hotel, general store, swimming pool, and bowling club. Quandialla was the setting for the film 1915.
Fossils
Grenfell is an important centre for fossils from the Devonian period which are found in many surrounding outcrops of the Hunter Siltstone geological formation.
Notable people
Notable people from or who have lived in Grenfell include:
Sam Myers, Professional Rugby Sevens Player
Henry Lawson, poet
Jan Lehane, tennis player
Stan McCabe, cricketer
Reggie McNamara, cyclist
Education
Grenfell Preschool & Long Day Care Centre
Grenfell Public School
St Joseph's Primary School - Grenfell
Henry Lawson High School
Tafe NSW - Grenfell Campus
Health Services
Grenfell Hospital & Multipurpose Health Service
Community Health
Main Street Medical Services
Medcirc
Grenfell Family Dentist
Home Care Services
Meals on Wheels
Weddin Community Transport
Bowen and Physiotherapy
Chiropractic Life
Grenfell Pharmacy
References
External links
Grenfell's web site
Towns in New South Wales
Towns in the Central West (New South Wales)
Weddin Shire
Mining towns in New South Wales
Judge William Fleming (July 6, 1736 – February 15, 1824) was an American lawyer, jurist and political figure from Cumberland County, Virginia.  They are often confused with their contemporary, Colonel William Fleming, who briefly served as Governor of Virginia during the American Revolution.
Biography
Judge Fleming was educated at The College of William & Mary, after which they started practicing law before the county courts. In 1772, they became a member of the House of Burgesses, representing Cumberland County as their father John Fleming had done before him, and remained in this position until that body was terminated by the revolution. When the new state government of Virginia was instituted, they went back to Williamsburg as a member of the first House of Delegates.
On December 10, 1778, they were elected a member of Continental Congress, but it was April 1779 before they reported there. In September, they took a leave of absence and returned to Virginia and the House of Delegates. In 1781, they were elected and began serving as a judge of the Virginia general court. Governor Beverley Randolph subsequently appointed Fleming to the Supreme Court of Appeals. When the court was reorganized in 1788, they were one of the five judges chosen for the new court. They became president and chief justice of the Court in 1809, a position they held until their death on February 15, 1824.
Summerville
In 1777, William Fleming moved from their plantation, Mt. Pleasant, in Cumberland County (changed to Powhatan County in that year), to neighboring Chesterfield County where they had bought another plantation called Summerville from Robert Moseley. This was to be their home for the remainder of their life. During their ownership, Summerville's land acreage increased from 528 acres to 906 acres. In 1781, while Richmond was being raided by Benedict Arnold, then Governor Thomas Jefferson stayed at Summerville for a night with their college friend William Fleming. Both Jefferson and Fleming had attended the College of William & Mary. Summerville was a working plantation in Virginia and as such, it had a number of slaves attending to it. In the 1820 United States census, William Fleming is reported as having 13 slaves, 9 males and 4 females. Many of these slaves died at Summerville and were buried in the burial grounds. On February 15, 1824, Judge Fleming died at their house at Summerville and was buried there as well. Summerville continued to be a prosperous plantation up until the end of the Civil War, at which point all of the slaves were emancipated. This caused the plantation to go to ruin and it appears that the Summerville house was abandoned. In the late 1980s most of the Summerville tract was built over by a housing development, including the area where the house would have stood and most likely the burial grounds of the slaves and William Fleming.
References
External links
1736 births
1824 deaths
Continental Congressmen from Virginia
18th-century American politicians
House of Burgesses members
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
Chief Justices of the Supreme Court of Virginia
Virginia lawyers
People from Cumberland County, Virginia
College of William & Mary alumni
Cedrela is a genus of several species in the mahogany family, Meliaceae. They are evergreen or dry-season deciduous trees with pinnate leaves, native to the tropical and subtropical New World, from southern Mexico south to northern Argentina.
Taxonomy
These species are currently accepted:
Cedrela angustifolia Sessé & Moc. ex C.DC. – Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, Peru
Cedrela discolor S.F. Blake
Cedrela dugesii S.Watson
Cedrela fissilis Vell. – Costa Rica south to Argentina
Cedrela kuelapensis T.D. Penn. & Daza
Cedrela longipetiolulata Harms
Cedrela molinensis T.D. Penn. & Reynel
Cedrela monroensis T.D. Penn.
Cedrela montana Moritz ex Turcz – Colombia & Ecuador
Cedrela nebulosa T.D. Penn. & Daza
Cedrela odorata L. – West Indies and from 24° N in Mexico south to 28° S in Argentina
Cedrela oaxacensis C.DC. & Rose
Cedrela saltensis M.A. Zapater & del Castillo
Cedrela salvadorensis Standl. – Central America
Cedrela tonduzii C.DC. – Central America
Cedrela weberbaueri Harms
Distribution and habitat
Cedrela odorata is the most common species in the genus, widespread in seasonally dry tropical and subtropical forests; it is deciduous in the dry season which may last several months. C. angustifolia and C. montana occur at higher altitudes in moister conditions, and are evergreen or only briefly deciduous.
Uses
Cedrela odorata is a very important timber tree, producing a lightweight fragrant wood with very good resistance to termites and other wood-boring insects, and also rot-resistant outdoors. The wood is often sold under the name "Spanish-cedar" (like many trade names, confusing as it is neither Spanish nor a cedar), and is the traditional wood used for making cigar boxes, as well as being used for general outdoor and construction work, paneling and veneer wood. It is also used for the necks and linings (interior strips of wood that attach the top and bottom of the guitar to the sides) of classical guitars, as well as bodies and necks of some electric guitars. Some species are now CITES-listed, in particular Cedrela odorata. It is also grown as an ornamental tree, and has become naturalized in some areas in Africa, southeast Asia and Hawaii. The other species have similar wood, but are less-used due to scarcity.
References
External links
CITES database entrance
Meliaceae genera
Ivan C. Rutledge was the twelfth Dean of the Ohio State University Moritz College of Law.
Education
Rutledge received a law degree from the Duke University School of Law and master's of law degree from the Columbia Law School.
Duke University School of Law alumni
Columbia Law School alumni
Moritz College of Law faculty
Deans of law schools in the United States
American legal scholars
Nebojša Zorkić (born 21 August 1961) is a former Serbian basketball player.
National team career
Zorkić competed for Yugoslavia in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1961 births
Living people
Basketball players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Competitors at the 1983 Mediterranean Games
KK IMT Beograd players
KK Partizan players
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
OKK Beograd players
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Croatia
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Switzerland
Serbian men's basketball players
Yugoslav men's basketball players
Mediterranean Games medalists in basketball
Point guards
Myrmelastes is a genus of passerine birds in the family Thamnophilidae. Most of these species were previously placed in the genus Schistocichla. The genus formerly included only three species, but several taxa previously considered subspecies of the spot-winged antbird have been elevated to species status.
The genus contains eight species:
Plumbeous antbird (Myrmelastes hyperythrus)
Slate-colored antbird (Myrmelastes schistacea)
Spot-winged antbird (Myrmelastes leucostigma)
Humaita antbird (Myrmelastes humaythae)
Brownish-headed antbird (Myrmelastes brunneiceps)
Rufous-faced antbird (Myrmelastes rufifacies)
Roraiman antbird (Myrmelastes saturata)
Caura antbird (Myrmelastes caurensis)
These species were formerly placed in the genus Schistocichla which had been erected by the American ornithologist W.E. Clyde Todd in 1927 with spot-winged antbird as the type species. A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2013 found that the plumbeous antbird which had previously been placed in the genus Myrmeciza was instead a member of a clade containing species in the genus Schistocichla. The plumbeous antbird was the type species of the genus Myrmelastes which had been introduced by the English zoologist Philip Sclater in 1858. This was much earlier than Schistocichla, Todd 1927, and had precedence.
The Humaita antbird, brownish-headed antbird, rufous-faced antbird and Roraiman antbird were formerly considered as subspecies of the spot-winged antbird. They were promoted to species status based on detailed studies of the plumage and vocal characteristics.
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
A Futile and Stupid Gesture: How Doug Kenney and National Lampoon Changed Comedy Forever is an American book that was published in 2006. It is a history of National Lampoon magazine and one of its three founders, Doug Kenney, during the 1970s. The book was based on numerous interviews with people who contributed to the magazine, and people who performed in The National Lampoon Radio Hour, and the stage show Lemmings.
As the book recounts, at that time the National Lampoon's performers included John Belushi, Bill Murray, Chevy Chase and Gilda Radner, all of whom subsequently went on to appear on Saturday Night Live and have careers in other media, including film. Writers and artists included John Hughes, Sean Kelly, Chris Miller, P. J. O'Rourke, Tony Hendra, and Bruce McCall. The book also includes stories about the making of the movies Animal House and Caddyshack. The main title of the book is a quote from Animal House, part of a line spoken by the character Otter.
Film adaptation
A film adaptation, also titled A Futile and Stupid Gesture, was released in 2018. David Wain directed from a script by Michael Colton and John Aboud, with Will Forte playing Doug Kenney and Domhnall Gleeson as Henry Beard.
See also
National Lampoon: Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead
References
External links
Chicago Review Press
Books about National Lampoon
Biographies about writers
2006 non-fiction books
Non-fiction books adapted into films
Patrick Alavi is a German musician and DJ specialising in funk and electronic.
Career
History
In 1996, Alavi released their first EP as Dj Alavi on Sonic House, a Sub Label of the German Techno Label Atomic Silence.
In 2001, Alavi was signed by Bad Boy Bill for their labels Moody Recordings and International House Records.
That same year Alavi signed 2 EP's on the French label Vertigo on which also Romain Tranchart from Modjo released their first EP as Funk Legacy.
In 2004, Kris Menace signed Alavi for two EP's on their Label Work It Baby. The track "Power" later was re-released in the UK with new mixes on Azuli Records.
The track "Come To Me" reached No. 3 in the UK Buzz Charts.
In 2005, Alavi founded their own label called Roxour on which they released music by Benjamin Theves ( "Texas" licensed to Kitsuné with a Remix by SebastiAn), Tepr ("En Direct De La Côte" licensed to Wall of Sound (record label) with a Remix by DatA), Flairs and others.
In the same year their track "The End" peaked at No. 1 in the UK Buzz Charts presented on Pete Tong's Radioshow on BBC Radio 1.
In 2007, their track "Gotta Move" under the project name "Turbofunk" (released on Data Records in the UK and N.E.W.S. Records in the Benelux) reached No. 79 in the Dutch Singles Charts and No.1 in the UK Buzz & Hype Charts. The track contains a sample of "Dancing in the Street" by Peter Jacques band.
Remixes
In addition to their own material Alavi has created official remixes for Artists such as Gossip, Shinichi Osawa and Laidback Luke.
Compilations
Their tracks have appeared on Compilations by Ministry of Sound, Modular, Hed Kandi, Virgin, Universal Records, Kontor and many other labels worldwide.
Support
Alavi has received radio airplay from DJs such as Pete Tong, Annie Mac, Kissy Sellout, Rob Da Bank, Zane Lowe, Fergie, Scott Mills, Dave Pearce and Judge Jules.
Inspiration
Alavi has also influenced other Djs and Producers, especially with their basslines.
References
External links
Patrick Alavi on Soundcloud
Funk musicians
German electronic musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1977–78 Biathlon World Cup was a multi-race tournament over a season of biathlon, organised by the UIPMB (Union Internationale de Pentathlon Moderne et Biathlon). The season started on 13 January 1978 in Ruhpolding, West Germany, and ended in April 1978 in Sodankylä, Finland. It was the first ever season of the Biathlon World Cup, and it was only held for men.
Calendar
Below is the World Cup calendar for the 1977–78 season.
*The relays were technically unofficial races as they did not count towards anything in the World Cup.
World Cup Podium
Men
Standings: Men
Overall
Final standings after 10 races.
Achievements
First World Cup career victory
, 22, in their 1st season — the WC 1 Individual in Ruhpolding; it also was their first podium and the first podium for an East German biathlete
, 29, in their 1st season — the WC 1 Sprint in Ruhpolding; it also was their first podium and the first podium for a Norwegian biathlete
, 20, in their 1st season — the WC 2 Individual in Ruhpolding; first podium was 1977–78 Sprint in Ruhpolding
, 21, in their 1st season — the World Championships Individual in Hochfilzen; it also was their first podium
, 28, in their 1st season — the WC 3 Individual in Murmansk; first podium was 1977–78 Individual in Antholz-Anterselva
, 27, in their 1st season — the WC 4 Sprint in Sodankylä; first podium was 1977–78 Sprint in Antholz-Anterselva
First World Cup podium
, 27, in their 1st season — no. 2 in the WC 1 Individual in Ruhpolding
, 24, in their 1st season — no. 3 in the WC 1 Individual in Ruhpolding; it also was the first podium for a West German biathlete
, 19, in their 1st season — no. 3 in the WC 1 Sprint in Ruhpolding
, 29, in their 1st season — no. 2 in the WC 2 Individual in Antholz-Anterselva; it also was the first podium for a Soviet biathlete
, 28, in their 1st season — no. 3 in the WC 2 Individual in Antholz-Anterselva
, 26, in their 1st season — no. 2 in the WC 3 Individual in Murmansk
, in their 1st season — no. 3 in the WC 3 Individual in Murmansk
, 26, in their 1st season — no. 3 in the WC 2 Sprint in Antholz-Anterselva
, in their 1st season — no. 2 in the WC 4 Individual in Sodankylä
, 25, in their 1st season — no. 3 in the WC 4 Individual in Sodankylä
, 30, in their 1st season — no. 2 in the WC 4 Sprint in Sodankylä; it also was the first podium for a Finnish biathlete
, 31, in their 1st season — no. 3 in the WC 4 Sprint in Sodankylä
Victory in this World Cup (all-time number of victories in parentheses)
, 3 (3) first places
, 3 (3) first places
, 1 (1) first place
, 1 (1) first place
, 1 (1) first place
, 1 (1) first place
Retirements
Following notable biathletes retired after the 1977–78 season:
References
Biathlon World Cup
World Cup
Bowes Moor is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the County Durham district in south-west County Durham, England. It is an extensive area of moorland, most of it covered by blanket bog, which supports significant breeding populations of a number of wading birds.
The Pennine Way National Trail passes through the area, as does the A66 road which crosses Bowes Moor using the Stainmore Gap between Bowes and Stainmore. Bowes Moor sits on the river Greta, and has changed very little since Roman times. Many Roman artifacts have been found here over the years, including a Roman aqueduct.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Moorlands of England
Bowes
Shannon Roers Jones is an American attorney and politician. They served in the North Dakota House of Representatives from the 46th district since December 1, 2016. They were the North Dakota House Republican Caucus Chairperson from 2019 to 2021.
Early life and education
Roers Jones was born to Debby and Jim Roers in Fargo, North Dakota and lived near Horace for most of their early life. Them father is CEO of Roers Construction, a company they formed in 1976. They studied business in college, earning a Bachelor of Arts from the College of St. Benedict in 1999 and an MBA from University of St. Thomas in 2001. They then earned a Juris Doctor from University of North Dakota School of Law in 2011.
Career
Roers Jones started their career working for multiple construction firms and in the real estate industry. After law school, they began working as a real estate Attorney as well as the main attorney in their father's business.
Electoral history
Roers Jones first ran for office in 2016, when they ran for the house seat for district 46 as the Republican successor to retiring incumbent Kathy Hawken. They won with 28.64% of the vote.
Political positions
Work on Sunday
In 2017, Shannon Roers Jones spearheaded the push to repeal the last remnants of North Dakota's Blue laws. The 2017 bill failed. In 2019 they again sponsored the bill which would make it legal for stores to be open on Sundays before noon. In 2019, their bill passed both the House and the Senate and was signed onto law by Governor Doug Burgum, and went into effect on August 1st 2019.
Marijuana and criminal justice
Roers Jones opposes legalization of recreational marijuana. However, in 2019, they sponsored a bill calling for the decriminalization of possession of small amounts of marijuana (less than one ounce or less than 6 ounce). Under this bill, people found with small amounts of marijuana would still pay a fine, but it would not show up in their criminal records. This bill would also have expunged the criminal records of various non-violent and non-sex offenders. The bill failed to pass the ND House.
Personal life
Roers Jones lives in south Fargo with their three daughters Olivia, Kendall and Kate. Them father Jim was elected to the North Dakota State Senate in 2016, the year they were also elected to the ND House of Representative. They both represent the 46th District. In 2018, their cousin Kristin Roers was also elected to the ND State Senate. They represent the 27th district.
References
21st-century American politicians
Living people
Members of the North Dakota House of Representatives
North Dakota Republicans
College of Saint Benedict and Saint John's University alumni
University of St. Thomas (Minnesota) alumni
University of North Dakota alumni
People from Cass County, North Dakota
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women politicians
Women state legislators in North Dakota
Mong Khet Township () (also Mongkhat Township) is a township of Kengtong District in the Shan State of Burma. The principal town and administrative center is Mong Khet. It has been calculated to be the center of the Valeriepieris circle.
Communities
Among the many small towns and villages, in addition to the town of Mong Khet, the following communities are local centers: Wan Namtawnkang, Wan La, Wan Singpyin, Wan Hsi-hsaw, Wan Pang-yao, Wan Ho-hkü, Wan Kawnhawng, Wan Ho-nawng, and Ta-pom.
Mong Khet Circle
The Mong Khet Circle is a diameter circle that contains more humans within it than outside of it, placed over east Asia, with its epicenter over Mong Khet. An original circle of diameter was originally devised by Ken Myers in 2013, before being later refined to by economics professor Danny Quah, with Mong Khet being identified as the centre.
References
External links
"Mongkhak Google Satellite Map" Maplandia World Gazetteer
Townships of Shan State
David Richard Lomax (18 May 1938 – 5 September 2014) was a British television reporter and interviewer. They were best known for their contributions as a reporter to the BBC's Panorama current affairs series.
Early life
They were born in Normanby, North Riding of Yorkshire and attended Kingswood School, Bath, Somerset. They were then called up for National Service in the Royal Air Force and served as a jet pilot achieving the rank of Pilot Officer. They graduated from Brasenose College, Oxford with a history degree.
Career
Lomax obtained a BBC traineeship as a presenter and was a reporter on Nationwide from the late 1960s and also reported for other BBC current affairs programmes and election night broadcasts. Their notable interviewees on Panorama included Idi Amin, Robert Mugabe and Steve Jobs of Apple Inc. who walked out of their interview. They also made a critical report for Newsnight about the Eurofighter Typhoon project. They were named journalist of the year in 1986 and retired to Dartmoor, Devon. They had previously lived for many years near Theale, in Berkshire, where among other activities they kept bees. For most of their life they were an avid sailor, and completed many cruises in Arctic waters, as well as an Atlantic crossing. They died aged 76 on 5 September 2014.
References
External links
David Lomax and Cloudwalker
1938 births
2014 deaths
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
BBC newsreaders and journalists
British reporters and correspondents
Royal Air Force officers
In mathematics education, Finite Mathematics is a syllabus in college and university mathematics that is independent of calculus. A course in precalculus may be a prerequisite for Finite Mathematics.
Contents of the course include an eclectic selection of topics often applied in social science and business, such as finite probability spaces, matrix multiplication, Markov processes, finite graphs, or mathematical models. These topics were used in Finite Mathematics courses at Dartmouth College (home of Tuck School of Business) as developed by John G. Kemeny, Gerald L. Thompson, and J. Laurie Snell and published by Prentice-Hall. Other publishers followed with their own topics. With the arrival of software to facilitate computations, teaching and usage shifted from a broad-spectrum Finite Mathematics with paper and pen, into development and usage of software.
Textbooks
1957: Kemeny, Thompson, Snell, Introduction to Finite Mathematics, (2nd edition 1966) Prentice-Hall
1959: Hazelton Mirkil & Kemeny, Thompson, Snell, Finite Mathematical Structures, Prentice-Hall
1962: Arthur Schliefer Jr. & Kemeny, Thompson, Snell, Finite Mathematics with Business Applications, Prentice-Hall
1969: Marvin Marcus, A Survey of Finite Mathematics, Houghton-Mifflin
1970: Guillermo Owen, Mathematics for Social and Management Sciences, Finite Mathematics, W. B. Saunders
1970: Irving Allen Dodes, Finite Mathematics: A Liberal Arts Approach, McGraw-Hill
1971: A.W. Goodman & J. S. Ratti, Finite Mathematics with Applications, Macmillan
1971: J. Conrad Crown & Marvin L. Bittinger, Finite Mathematics: a modeling approach, (2nd edition 1981) Addison-Wesley
1977: Robert F. Brown & Brenda W. Brown, Applied Finite Mathematics, Wadsworth Publishing
1980: L.J. Goldstein, David I. Schneider, Martha Siegel, Finite Mathematics and Applications, (7th edition 2001) Prentice-Hall
1981: John J. Costello, Spenser O. Gowdy, Agnes M. Rash, Finite Mathematics with Applications, Harcourt, Brace, Jovanovich
1982: James Radlow, Understanding Finite Mathematics, PWS Publishers
1984: Daniel Gallin, Finite Mathematics, Scott Foresman
1984: Gary G. Gilbert & Donald O. Koehler, Applied Finite Mathematics, McGraw-Hill
1984: Frank S. Budnick, Finite Mathematics with Applications in Management and the Social Sciences, McGraw Hill
2015: Chris P. Tsokos & Rebecca D. Wooton, The Joy of Finite Mathematics, Academic Press
See also
Discrete mathematics
Finite geometry
Finite group, Finite ring, Finite field
Finite topological space
References
Mathematics education
Marcus Öberg (born February 18, 1982) is a Swedish middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer fighting out of Malmö Muay Thai Gym in Malmö.  They are former two time Swedish champion and K-1 Scandinavia MAX 2008 tournament winner.
Titles
2010 SportAccord Combat Games Silver medal -71 kg
2008 K-1 Scandinavia MAX champion
2008 Busan TAFISA World Games IFMA Amateur Muay Thai 71 kg bronze medal
2008 Swedish IFMA Muay Thai champion 71 kg
2006 Swedish IFMA Muay Thai champion 75 kg
2006 Champions Fight Night 4- man tournament champion
Fight record
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2011-03-12 || Win ||align=left| Khalid Bourdif || Fight Code: Dragon Series Round 2 || Milan, Italy || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2010-11-27 || Loss ||align=left| Artur Kyshenko || K-1 Scandinavia Rumble of the Kings 2010 || Stockholm, Sweden || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2010-06-12 || Win ||align=left| Faldir Chahbari || Beast of the East 2010 Poland || Gdynia, Poland || Ext. R Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2009-11-20 || Win ||align=left| Gago Drago || K-1 Rumble of the Kings 2009 in Stockholm || Stockholm, Sweden || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2009-02-27 || Win ||align=left| Dzhabar Askerov || K-1 Scandinavia 2009 Norrköping || Norrköping, Sweden || Ext R. (Decision) || 4 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2008-05-31 || Win ||align=left| Dzhabar Askerov || K-1 Scandinavia MAX 2008 || Stockholm, Sweden || TKO (Referee stop/cut) || 3 || 0:43
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2008-05-31 || Win ||align=left| Joakim Karlsson || K-1 Scandinavia MAX 2008 || Stockholm, Sweden || Ext. R Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2008-05-31 || Win ||align=left| Mattias Karlsson || K-1 Scandinavia MAX 2008 || Stockholm, Sweden || Ext. R Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2007-09-15 || Win ||align=left| Hesdy van Assen || King of the Ring || Malmö, Sweden || Decision (Majority) || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2007-05-20 || Loss ||align=left| Harvey Harra || K-1 UK MAX Tournament 2007 Pain & Glory || London, England || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2007-04-28 || Win ||align=left| Piotr Woznicki || Fightnight || Höör, Sweden || KO || 1 ||
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2006-12-16 || Win ||align=left| Hannu Vappula || Travelfight || Uppsala, Sweden || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2006-09-30 || Win ||align=left| William Schafferer || Champions Fight Night 2 || Halmstad, Sweden || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2006-09-30 || Win ||align=left| Josef Fjällgren || Champions Fight Night 2 || Halmstad, Sweden || || ||
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2005-08-27 || Win ||align=left| Bassam Chahrour || || Kalundborg, Denmark || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2010-09-02 || Loss ||align=left| Chalermdet Infinity || SportAccord Combat Games, Final -71 kg || Beijing, China || Decision (3-2) || 4 || 2:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2010-08-31 || Win ||align=left| Zhang Xias Long || SportAccord Combat Games, Semi Finals -71 kg || Beijing, China || Decision (3-2) || 4 || 2:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2010-08-29 || Win ||align=left| Bakhulule Baai || SportAccord Combat Games, Quarter Finals -71 kg || Beijing, China || Decision (5-0) || 4 || 2:00
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2009-11-29 || Loss ||align=left| Vitaly Gurkov || IFMA 2009 World Muaythai Championships, Quarter Finals -71 kg || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 4 || 2:00
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2008-09-30 || Loss ||align=left| Petr Nakonechnyi || 4th Busan TAFISA World Games || Busan, Korea || Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 2:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2008-09-29 || Win ||align=left| Tomi Karttunen || 4th Busan TAFISA World Games || Busan, Korea || Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 2:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2008-09-29 || Win ||align=left| Daniel van || 4th Busan TAFISA World Games || Busan, Korea || Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 2:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2008-04-23 || Win ||align=left| Nima Rafiei || SM Thaiboxing 2008 Finals || Stockholm, Sweden || Decision (Split) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2008-04-19 || Win ||align=left| Dan Jentzen || SM Thaiboxing 2008 quarter finals || Stockholm, Sweden || TKO (Corner stoppage) || 1 ||
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2007-12-03 || Loss ||align=left| Samaan Yaba || IFMA World Championships || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 2:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2007-12-01 || Win ||align=left| Gafary Boussary || IFMA World Championships || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 2:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2007-11-29 || Win ||align=left| Denis Dikusar || IFMA World Championships || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 2:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2006-02-19 || Win ||align=left| Josef Fjällgren || Swedish Muaythai championships || Stockholm, Sweden || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2006-02-17 || Win ||align=left| Kim Hansson || Swedish Muaythai championships || Stockholm, Sweden || Decision (Split) || 5 || 3:00
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
See also
List of K-1 champions
List of male kickboxers
References
1982 births
Living people
Swedish male kickboxers
Middleweight kickboxers
Swedish Muay Thai practitioners
Sportspeople from Malmö
Phtheochroa zerena is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Veracruz, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1993
Phtheochroa
Nils F. Ambursen (February 6, 1876 – January 17, 1953) was a Norwegian-American civil engineer and inventor. They were the founder of Ambursen Hydraulic Construction Company and was known for their influential dam designs in the early 20th century.
Early life and education
Ambursen was born at Fredrikstad in Østfold, Norway and was educated at the Telemark Civil Engineering College (Telemark ingeniørhøgskolein) in Skien, Telemark. Ambursen came to the United States by the age of 21.
Career
Working for the B. F. Sturtevant Company in Hyde Park, Boston, Massachusetts, in 1903, Ambursen developed an innovative concrete slab and buttress dam for an industrial client in Theresa, New York.
Ambursen's design was for a buttress dam requiring minimal buttress thickness in which the upstream part is a relatively thin flat slab typically made of reinforced concrete. Ambursen's concrete-slab-and-buttress design used far less material than a traditional gravity dam making it both a significant engineering advance and cost effective for clients.
Ambursen promptly filed a patent on their own behalf and organized the Ambursen Hydraulic Construction Company, based in Boston. From 1903 through 1917, the company used the technique to construct more than one hundred dams in North America, most in New England. The record-breaking La Prele Dam in Converse County, Wyoming used 43 percent less concrete than an equivalent concrete gravity dam.
The structure allowed an interior hollow under the spillway; the 1907 Bloede's Dam on the Patapsco River in Maryland housed its hydroelectric power plant inside that hollow and therefore "underwater". The company sued to preserve its patents fairly aggressively but with mixed success. In some cases, the Ambursen dam became a more generic "Ambursen type", for instance at the 1911 Lock and Dam No. 1 on the Upper Mississippi River between Minneapolis and Saint Paul, Minnesota. Civil engineer George Freeman received their own November 1912 patent on a modified version of the concrete buttress dam used there.
In 1917, Ambursen left their company, which has continued to bear their name for over a hundred years. Today perhaps fifty Ambursen-type dams from the post-World War II era stand outside the United States. The tallest example, , is the 1948 Escaba Dam (Dique Escaba) in Tucumán, Argentina.
Work
Ambursen's designs include:
(all dams listed located in the United States)
Warrior Ridge Dam (1906) in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania; "the focus of widespread attention in the engineering press"
Ellsworth Dam (1907) in Ellsworth, Maine
Bloede's Dam (1907) in Ilchester, Maryland
Ashley Dam (1907-1908; undermined 1909) on the Housatonic River near Pittsfield, Massachusetts
La Prele Dam (1908–1909; refurbished in 1977) near Douglas, Wyoming
Rapidan Dam (1908 - 1910) on the Blue Earth River, Rapidan Township, Minnesota
River Mill Dam (1911) in Estacada, Oregon; on the National Register of Historic Places
Powersite Dam (1911–1913) in Forsyth, Missouri
Overholser Dam (1917–1918) in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; on the National Register of Historic Places
Remmel Dam (1924) impounding Lake Catherine, Jones Mill, Arkansas; on the National Register of Historic Places
Stony Gorge Dam (1926-1928) in Glenn County, California.
See also
List of civil engineers
List of inventors
List of Norwegians
List of people from Boston
References
External links
Introduction to Buttress Dams
Nils F Ambursen (Feb. 6, 1876-Jan. 17, 1953) Graham Cemetery, Orange County, Virginia
Related reading
Lyon, William K.; George W Petersen (1921) Comparative designs of Gravity and Ambursen dams (Armour Institute of Technology)
Hager, Willi H. (2015) Hydraulicians in the USA 1800-2000: A biographical dictionary of leaders in hydraulic engineering and fluid mechanics (Boca Raton, FL: CRC Press)
1876 births
1953 deaths
People from Fredrikstad
People from Skien
People from Boston
American civil engineers
American company founders
20th-century American inventors
American patent holders
Concrete pioneers
Place of death missing
Norwegian civil engineers
Norwegian inventors
Norwegian emigrants to the United States
19th-century Norwegian people
19th-century American engineers
20th-century American engineers
Awase may refer to:
Awase, a tidal flat in Misato-son, Okinawa City
Awase Airfield, a WWII airfield in Okinawa
Awase Housing Area, US Forces residential area and former site of Kubasaki High School, Okinawa
Awase (album), a 2018 album by Nik Bärtsch's Ronin
See also
E-awase (絵合), painting contest among Japanese nobles during the Kamakura period
Kai-awase (貝合わせ),Japanese game with shells
Uta-awase (歌合せ), Japanese poetry contest
The Squire William B. Canedy House is a historic house at 2634 N. Main Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It is a -story wood-frame structure, five bays wide, with a side-gable roof, twin end chimneys, and wooden shingle siding. The center entrance is flanked by sidelight windows and pilasters, and is topped by a semi-elliptical solid fan. The house was built in 1806 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The house is one of six in the Steep Brook section of Fall River considered to best represent the pre-industrial period of the city's history.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Fall River, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
The Lammermuir Party was a British group of Protestant missionaries who travelled to China in 1866 aboard the tea clipper Lammermuir, accompanied by James Hudson Taylor, the founder of the China Inland Mission. Mission historians have indicated that this event was a turning point in the history of missionary work in China in the 19th century. This was the largest party of Protestant missionaries to date to arrive at one time on Chinese shores. It was also noteworthy that none of the members of the mission were ordained ministers, and only two had any previous overseas experience. In addition to this, there were among them nine unmarried women traveling to a place where single European women were rare for many reasons.
Departure
On the morning of 26 May 1866, the 34 sailors, 18 missionaries and four children boarded the Lammermuir, which lay tied up at London's East India Docks. Lammermuir was a two-year-old clipper ship with three masts and square-rigged sails. Grace Stott was to have sailed but they were left behind for medical reasons. The ship's frame was built of iron, and they were a first-class sailing vessel. A voyage halfway around the world would only take four months; a fast trip compared to the six-month duration of some of the older ships of the previous decade.
Henry Grattan Guinness wrote a hymn in honor of their departure that echoed Hudson Taylor's 1865 book China's Spiritual Need and Claims:
Two typhoons
The Lammermuir was nearly wrecked by two typhoons before limping into the Shanghai harbour in late September.
Hudson Taylor, the missionary, recalled the most perilous time in the voyage:
Taylor wrote after twelve days of this experience:
The badly damaged ship caused a local stir in Shanghai. Emily Blatchley noted:
Even more so, the intent of the passengers to wear native Chinese clothes and embark into the interior of China with single women among them caused a greater consternation among the “Westerners” in port settlement. This led to the agency being referred to by some Westerners as "The Pigtail Mission".
List of missionaries and children
James Hudson Taylor
Mrs. Maria Jane Taylor (Maria Jane Dyer) (died of cholera 4 years later - 1870)
Grace Dyer Taylor (died of meningitis in the first year - 1867)
Herbert Hudson Taylor 1861-1950
Frederick Howard Taylor 1862-1946
Samuel Dyer Taylor (died less than 4 years later of tuberculosis in 1870)
Lewis Nicol, Arbroath, Aberdeen, blacksmith. 1867 Xiaoshan outrage, sent back to England. 1868 dismissed from C.I.M.
Mrs. Eliza Calder Nicol, Aberdeen, wife of Lewis Nicol.
George Duncan, Banff, Scotland, stonemason. Assigned to Nanking & Tsing-kiangpu (traditional spelling). m. Catherine, 1868 in Shanghai. d.1873 in England.
Josiah Alexander Jackson, Kingsland, carpenter/draper. Assigned to Taizchou and Wenzchou. m. Francis Wilson (also a C.I.M. missionary) in 1872. They had a daughter Emily. Franny died 1878. Jackson returned to England for the first time in 14 years. rem. Francis Hine in 1881. They died in China 1882. Jackson left CIM 1884. Returned to Shanghai as a Hotel Proprietor. rem. Sarah Gatrell in 1898. They died in Shanghai, China in 1909.
William David Rudland, Little Eversden, Blacksmith. Evangelist. Supervised printing press. Translated New Testament and most of the Old testament to the Romanized Taizchou dialect. Last surviving adult member of the Lammermuir Party. d. 1912 in China. Daughter Grace joined C.I.M. 1895 in China.
John Robert Sell, Romford (died of smallpox in the first year - 1867)
James Williamson, Arbroath, carpenter. married their sweetheart 1873 in Scotland. d. Nov.1896 in Scotland. Their daughter Mary joined C.I.M. in 1896 in China.
Susan Barnes, Limerick, Resigned from C.I.M. to join London Missionary Society, 1868.
Mary Elizabeth Bausum, Walthamstow, step-sister of Maria Taylor, on their way to join their mother, Mrs. Lord in Ningpo. m. Dr. Stephen Barchett in 1868.
Emily Blatchley, London, Secretary to Hudson Taylor, Editor of the Occasional Papers, and governess for the Taylor children. d. July 1874 in London from tuberculosis.
Mary Bell, [Great Waltham, Essex], Governess for the Taylor children on board ship and in China. m. William D. Rudland, 25 December 1867. Them work with women in the Taizhou district opened doors to the district expansion. They d. 23 October 1874 in London from Remittant Fever.
Mary Bowyer, Mildmay-London, worked at school in Hangzchou. m.F.W. Baller, 1875.d. 1909
Louise Desgraz, Liverpool & Switzerland, Started a children's home in Hangzchou. They adopted several abandoned children using their own funds. m. Edward Tomalin, 1878. They directed the Chefoo school. d. 1907 in China.
Jane Elizabeth Faulding, London. Started a school near Hangzchou. m. Hudson Taylor 1871. First western woman to enter inland China. d.1904 in Switzerland.
Jane McLean, Inverness. Known as the "bible woman". engaged to John Sell in 1867. After their death they resigned C.I.M. in 1868 to join London Missionary Society in Shanghai.
Elisabeth Rose, Barnsley, joined the group to marry James Meadows. m.1866. They d. 1890. Daughters Louise joined C.I.M. in 1893 and Minnie joined C.I.M. in 1895.
Chronology of voyage
26 May 1866: Depart East India Docks, London
Last sight of England is Start Point lighthouse, Devon
3 June: near Cape Finisterre
12 June: near Canary Islands
18 June: near Cape Verde Islands
June Atlantic Ocean doldrums
c. 7 July: near Trinidad Island
pass The Great Tea Race of 1866 Fiery Cross, Taeping, Ariel, Serica, and Taitsing (later 3 others) bound for London
pass Belted Will, Flying Spur bound for London
sight Cape Town lighthouse
pass the Min and Falcon bound for London
conversion of many of crew to Christianity
3 August: early morning Taylor wakes several to tell of First Mate Brunton's conversion
4 August: heavy seas–sternsail boom breaks and hits William Carron. Jennie Faulding talks with Grace Taylor and it is evident that they have had a Christian conversion experience
c. 14 August: near Amsterdam Island
sight flying fish in Indian Ocean
27 August: Sunda Strait past Mt. Krakatoa
28 August: Anjer Roads, Java: shore leave & baptism service
31 August: Selat Gelasa (Gaspar Strait), past wrecks of other ships including the first Lammermuir, wrecked in 1863
1 September: South China Sea cross Equator
10 September–14 September: first typhoon in the East China Sea
14 September–19 September: stormy detour around Taiwan
18 September: near Fujian coast
20 September–24 September: second typhoon in Pacific Ocean nearly wrecks the ship
21 September: bulwarks gone
22 September: all three topmasts gone
23 September: Hudson Taylor kisses children and then goes out in storm to help crew
28 September: near Ma-an Liedao (Saddle Islands)
29 September: The Lammermuir arrives near Wusong, China
30 September 1866: arrives Shanghai
References
Notes
External links
OMF International (formerly China Inland Mission and Overseas Missionary Fellowship)
Christian Biography Resources
http://www.missionaryetexts.org/
https://web.archive.org/web/20070926212919/http://www.genealogy.com/users/y/o/r/Brian-York-Burnsville/?Welcome=1091209026
Further reading
Historical Bibliography of the China Inland Mission
"Hudson Taylor's Spiritual Secret" by Geraldine Taylor, Ed. Gwen Hanna 2007
Lammermuir Party
Lammermuir Party
Lammermuir Party
Lammermuir Party
Lammermuir Party
Lammermuir Party
James Field Stanfield (1749 – 10 May 1824) was an Irish actor, abolitionist and author. They were the father of the English painter Clarkson Stanfield.
Life
Stanfield was educated in France for the Roman Catholic priesthood. They did not take orders, but went to sea in a vessel engaged in the Atlantic slave trade. After a bad time at sea and a short period on shore in Africa, they returned to England, one out of three survivors of the voyage.
Joining a theatrical company, Stanfield appeared in 1786 at York, where they also tried their hand at writing a comic opera. Joining the abolitionists, they found friends including Thomas Clarkson. For several years they held a principal situation in the Scarborough Theatre, and they afterwards had the direction of a small company whose circuit (about 1812) was in the north of Yorkshire and some of the adjoining counties.
On the 13th June 1793 James Field Stanfield joined the Sea Captain Lodge, Sunderland, which later became Palatine Lodge No. 97.
They died in London, aged 74.
Works
In 1788 Stanfield published an account of their experience of the slave trade in Observations on a Guinea Voyage in a series of letters addressed to the Rev. Thomas Clarkson, and in the following year a poem, The Guinea Voyage (London). In 1807 both works were published at Edinburgh in one volume. In 1813 they published an Essay on the Study and Composition of Biography (Sunderland), insisting on the need of "moral illustration".
Family
Stanfield was twice married, and was a father by their first wife, Mary Hoad (died 1801) of Cheltenham, of the English painter Clarkson Frederick Stanfield.
Notes
External links
Attribution
Date of birth missing
1749 births
1824 deaths
18th-century Irish male actors
19th-century Irish male actors
Irish abolitionists
Irish poets
Irish male stage actors
Irish emigrants to Great Britain
The Battle of Macao Fort was fought between British and Chinese forces in the Pearl River, Guangdong, China on 4 January 1857 during the Second Opium War. Macao Fort was located on an islet about south of Canton (Guangzhou).
Gallery
References
Further reading
King-Hall, Louise, ed. (1936). Sea Saga, Being the Naval Diaries of Four Generations of the King-Hall Family. London: V. Gollancz. p. 234.
1857 in China
January 1857 events
Macao Fort
Macao Fort
Military history of Guangdong
Macao Fort
Tachileik Township is a township of
District in the of Myanmar. The principal town is
References
Townships of Shan State
ja:タチレク
Arizal (born in Airmolek, Indragiri, Riau on January 11, 1943 - died on May 18, 2014) was a prominent Indonesian film director.
Career
Their parents, Ibrahim Sidi Mangkuto and Matayam bt M. Yasin, were of Minangkabau descent. They studied at the Faculty of Economics, University of Indonesia.
Arizal is one of Indonesia's most productive film directors and scriptwriters. They directed 52 films and 8 soap operas (sinetron) with 1,196 episodes between 1974 and 2006. They directed the comedy film series of Warkop DKI. In the 1980s, their work brought success to Yessy Gusman, Rano Karno, Yenny Rachman, Roy Marten and Lydia Kandou as famous artists.
Arizal's best known films are Gita Cinta dari SMA (1979), Pintar-pintar Bodoh (1980) and Maju Kena Mundur Kena (1983), which achieved the highest audience in that year. Gita Cinta dari SMA was selected as one of the 25 best Indonesian films.
Filmography
Senyum dan Tangis (1974). Starring Rano Karno, Andy Carol, and Lenny Marlina. Achieved Citra Award (Piala Citra).
Setulus Hatimu (1975). Starring Drg Fadly and Yanty Yosepha.
Dr. Firdaus (1976). Starring Drg Fadly and Lenny Marlina.
Hanya Untukmu (1976). Starring Drg Fadly and Lenny Marlina.
Janji Sarinah (1976). Starring Drg Fadly and Lenny Marlina.
Aula Cinta (1977). Starring Roy Marten, Yati Octavia and Debby Cyntia Dewi.
Cowok Komersil (1977). Starring Robby Sugara, Yati Octavia, Debby Cyntian Dewi and Doris Cellebout.
Semua Gue (1977). Starring Rano Karno, Yenny Rahman, and Yezzy Gusman.
Secerah Senyum (1977). Starring Roy Marten and Yenny Rahman.
Laki-laki Binal (1978). Starring Roy Marten and Yenny Rahman.
Musim Bercinta (1978) Starring Roy Marten, Eva Arnaz, Rano Karno, and Yessy Guzman.
Gita Cinta dari SMA (1979). Starring Rano Karno, Yessy Guzman, and Sherly Malinton.
Kecupan Pertama (1979). Starring Yenny Rahman and Roy Marten.
Puspa Indah Taman Hati (1979). Starring Rano Karno and Yessy Guzman.
Remaja Idaman (1979). Starring Roy Marten and Joice Erna.
Remaja Remaja (1979). Starring Rano Karno, Lydia Kandow and Yessy Guzman.
Melodi Cinta (1979). Starring Lydia Kandow and Mangara Siahaan.
Nikmatnya Cinta (1980). Starring Rano Karno, Lydia Kandow and Robby Sugara.
Pintar Pintar Bodoh (1980). Starring Warkop DKI, Eva Arnaz, and Debby Cyntia Dewi.
Rayuan Gombal (1980). Starring Monos, Nany Wijaya and Sandra Ciptadi.
Bila Hati Perempuan Menjerit (1981). Starring Dana Christina and Roy Marten.
Bodoh-bodoh Mujur (1981). Starring Otong Lenon and Eva Arnaz.
Membakar Matahari (1981). Starring Berry Prima and Eva Arnaz.
Dongkrak Antik (1981). Starring Warkop DKI, Mariam Belina, and Mat Solar.
Serbuan Halilintar (1982). Starring Barry Prima, Eva Arnaz and Dicky Zulkarnaen.
Bergola Ijo (1983). Starring Barry Prima, Eva Arnaz and Anasrul Jangkung.
Maju Kena Mundur Kena (1983). Starring Warkop DKI, Eva Arnaz and Lydia Kandow.
Pokoknya Beres (1983). Starring Warkop DKI, Eva Arnaz and Lydia Kandow.
Itu Bisa Diatur (1984). Starring Warkop DKI, Ira Wibowo and Lia Waroka.
Pencuri Cinta (1984). Starring Rico Tampatty and Ira Wibowo.
Tahu Diri Dong (1984). Starring Warkop DKI, Eva Arnaz and Lydia Kandow.
Gantian Dong (1985). Starring Warkop DKI, Lia Waroka and Chintami Atmanegara.
Pengantin Baru (1986). Starring Lydia Kandow, Deddy Mizwar and Doyok.
Segitiga Emas (1986). Starring Christina, Harry Capri, Mark Sunkar and Wilson Peter.
Dendam Membara (1986). Starring Christ Mitchum, Mike Abbot and Ida Iasya.
Sama-sama Enak (1987). Starring Sys NS, Chintami Atmanegara and Krisna.
Bayar Tapi Nyicil (1988). Starring Didi Petet, Mariam Belina and Bagito Group.
Lebih Asyik Sama Kamu (1989). Starring Paramitha Rusadi, Sally Marcelina and Ryan Hidayat.
Membakar Lingkaran Api (1989). Starring Ricky Hosada, Peter John and Agus Melast.
Pemburu Berdarah Dingin (1990). Starring Christ Mitchum, Ida Iasya and Roy Marten.
Antri Dong (1990). Starring Nurul Arifin, Kadir, Doyok, Deddy Mizwar, Lydia Kandow and Eva Arnaz.
Curi-curi Kesempatan (1990). Starring Nurul Arifin, Ray Sahepati, Sally Marcelina and Deddy Mizwar.
Mana Bisa Tahan (1990). Starring Warkop DKI, Sally Marcelina Deddy Mizwar.
Akal-akalan (1991). Starring Doyok, Kadir and Lia Waroka.
Bisa Naik Bisa Turun (1991). Starring Warkop DKI and Kiky Fatmala.
Sudah Pasti Tahan (1991). Starring Warkop DKI and Nurul Arifin.
Masuk Kena Keluar Kena (1992). Starring Warkop DKI and Kiky Fatmala.
Salah Masuk (1992). Starring Warkop DKI, Gitty Srinita, Tile and Fortunella.
Salah Pencet (1992). Starring Kadir, Doyok, Kiky Fatmala and Tarida Gloria.
Gara Gara (1993). Starring Jimmy Gideon, Lydia kandow, and Sion Gideon.
Mumpung Ada Kesempatan (1993). Starring Kadir, Doyok, and Ayu Azhari.
Saya Duluan Dong (1994). Starring Warkop DKI, and HIM Damsyik.
Pencet Sana Pencet Sini (1994). Starring Warkop DKI.
Kampanye Miliyader (2004). Starring Indosiar Fantasy Academy Stars, Warkop DKI, Roweina and Diah Permatasari.
Television
Gara-gara (RCTI, 1992–1993) 26 episode. Starring Lydia Kandow, Jimmy Gideon, Sion Gideon, Pitrajaya Burnama and Nani Widjaja.
Ada-ada Saja (RCTI, 1993–1995) 130 episodes. Starring Nurul Arifin, Rudy Salam, Kiki Fatmala and Fuad Alkhar.
Saling Silang (RCTI, 1995–1996) 54 episodes. Starring Debby Sahertian, Ida Kusuma, Eeng Saptahadi and Zainal Abidin.
Jin dan Jun (RCTI, 1996–2002) 270 episodes. Starring Syahrul Gunawan, Mira Asmara, Misye Arsita, Fuad Baraja and M. Amin.
Tuyul dan Mbak Yul (RCTI, 1997–2002) 270 episodes. Starring Onny Syahrial, Slamet Joyo and Dominiq Sanda.
Tuyul Millennium (SCTV, 2002–2004) 108 episodes. Starring Jamal Bulat and Samson.
Indra Keenam (RCTI, 2002–2003) 71 episode. Starring Gracia Indri, Joshua, Rachel Amanda and Dhea.
Metropolitan Fantasi'' (Indosiar, 2003–2006) 267 episodes. Starring Indosiar Fantasy Academy Stars.
References
Gayo, Iwan. (1989) Buku Pintar Seri Senior. Daftar Film Indonesia Terlaris
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20110721121137/http://perfilman.pnri.go.id/insan_perfilman.php?1=1&a=view&recid=INS-M1023
http://www.rowsdowr.com/2014/05/18/r-i-p-arizal-director-of-ridiculously-awesome-action-films/
1943 births
2014 deaths
Indonesian film directors
Minangkabau people
People from Indragiri Hulu Regency
University of Indonesia alumni
Pheidole loki is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Description
Majors for this possibly rare species could not be found and thus remain undescribed. Pheidole loki is most probably closely allied to P. jonas and P. vulcan and characterized by reduced sculpture and an intermediate amount of standing hairs, compared to these two species. Overall it resembles P. jonas more than P. vulcan, at least in habitus, morphometric measurements, and promesonotum and postpetiole shape. The minor workers of P. jonas, however, display a more strongly punctate sculpture, less abundant and less flexuous standing hairs, and on average slightly shorter scapes than P. loki, the postpetiole on average as long as wide versus longer than wide in P. loki. With all these easily visible differences between the minor workers of the two species, especially their very distinct pilosity patterns, the chance that P. loki is a morphologically aberrant conspecific of P. jonas is probably small.
Distribution and habitat
First described in 2013, two specimens of Pheidole loki were collected in forest leaf litter in 470 and 630 m elevation on Mt. Combani and Mt. Benara, Mayotte, where it occurs in sympatry with P. jonas.
References
loki
Insects described in 2013
Kiakola (, also Romanized as Kīākolā, Kīā Kolā, Kīā Kalā, and Kīyā Kalā; formerly, Jadīd ol Eslām) is a city and capital of Simorgh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 7,364, in 1,980 families.
References
Populated places in Simorgh County
Cities in Mazandaran Province
The Attributes of the Arts, The Attributes of Music and The Attributes of the Sciences are three paintings by Jean Siméon Chardin. They were commissioned in 1764 by the marquis de Marigny, younger brother of Madame de Pompadour and exhibited at the Salon the following year. At the centre of Arts is a model for Edmé Bouchardon's statue personifying Paris for the fontaine de Grenelle. Arts and Music are now in the Musée du Louvre and Sciences has disappeared.
External links
Cartelfr.louvre.fr
Cartelfr.louvre.fr
1765 paintings
Paintings by Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin
Paintings in the Louvre by French artists
Musical instruments in art
Kuke is a village in Lääne-Nigula Parish, Lääne County in Estonia.
References
Villages in Lääne County
The Baldwin–Kennedy meeting of May 24, 1963 was an attempt to improve race relations in the United States. Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy invited novelist James Baldwin, along with a large group of cultural leaders, to meet in a Kennedy apartment in New York City. The meeting became antagonistic and the group reached no consensus. The black delegation generally felt that Kennedy did not understand the full extent of racism in the United States. Ultimately the meeting demonstrated the urgency of the racial situation and was a positive turning point in Kennedy's attitude towards the Civil Rights Movement.
Background
After formally abolishing slavery, the United States maintained a racist society through Jim Crow laws and other forms of systemic inequality. This racism became increasingly apparent due to many well-publicized instances of police violence against nonviolent direct actions.
As the Birmingham campaign and Birmingham riot of 1963 brought negative attention to urban racism in the United States, Robert Kennedy wanted to prevent similar unrest from taking place in northern cities. Baldwin was reportedly already in contact with Kennedy on the topic of Birmingham, calling for an investigation into the role of the FBI and other federal agencies.
Baldwin, already a popular novelist, had recently gained additional fame by virtue of The Fire Next Time, a book of two essays urging action against racism in America. Baldwin had become an iconic Black American, and Kennedy sought them out for advice on how to improve race relations. Kennedy had met Baldwin in 1962 at a Nobel Prize dinner and briefly in May 1963 at Hickory Hill. They agreed to meet again, with a group of cultural leaders assembled by Baldwin.
Meeting
According to Clarence Benjamin Jones, an advisor to Martin Luther King Jr. and participant in the eventual meeting, in May 1963, Attorney General Robert Kennedy asked novelist James Baldwin to organize a "quiet, off-the-record, unpublicized get-together of prominent Negroes" to discuss the state of race relations. The meeting took place at an apartment owned by the Kennedy family at 24 Central Park South in New York City.
To meet with Kennedy and their aide Burke Marshall, Baldwin brought:
David Baldwin, James Baldwin's brother
Harry Belafonte, singer and activist
Edwin C. Berry, director of the Chicago Urban League
Kenneth Clark, psychologist, activist, and founder of Harlem Youth Opportunities Unlimited
June Shagaloff, Education Director of the NAACP (attending in an "unofficial capacity")
Lorraine Hansberry, playwright best known for A Raisin in the Sun (1959)
Lena Horne, musician, actor and activist
Clarence Benjamin Jones, advisor to Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and civil rights lawyer
Jerome Smith, Freedom Rider associated with the Congress of Racial Equality (CORE)
Rip Torn, a young white actor
Jerome Smith was a young black civil rights worker who had been beaten and jailed in Mississippi. Edwin Berry brought them along, and their story was not known by Robert Kennedy or most of those in attendance. As the meeting got underway and Kennedy began to recount how the Justice Department had been supporting the civil rights movement, Smith suddenly began to weep "as if he'd just suffered some traumatic flashback" and said: "I've seen you guys [referring to the Justice Department] stand around and do nothing more than take notes while we're being beaten." The mood quickly became tense. Smith, Baldwin later said,
set the tone of the meeting because they stammer when he's upset and they stammered when they talked to Bobby and said that they were nauseated by the necessity of being in that room. I knew what they meant. It was not personal at all. ... Bobby took it personally. Bobby took it personally and turned away from him. That was a mistake because they turned toward us. We were the reasonable, responsible, mature representatives of the Black community. Lorraine Hansberry said, "You've got a great many very, very accomplished people in this room, Mr. Attorney General. But the only man who should be listened to is that man over there."
Kennedy and Smith began to argue. Kennedy was particularly shocked when Smith said they would "never never never" join the military to fight against Cuba for the USA. The assembled group felt, generally, that Kennedy did not understand the depth of the problem at hand.
In Sighted Eyes / Feeling Heart, a documentary about Lorraine Hansbury which aired on the PBS series American Masters in 2018, Harry Belafonte recalled that at this point Smith "bared their soul and all their pain and then said very aggressively 'Let me tell you something, in the midst of our oppression you expect to find us giddily going off to fight a war (i.e., Vietnam) that's your war, that's unjust, unfair, and so dishonorable it should shame you. I wouldn't pick up a gun to fight for this country. I'd die first.'"
Hansberry told Kennedy: "Look, if you can't understand what this young man is saying, then we are without any hope at all because you and your brother are representatives of the best that a White America can offer; and if you are insensitive to this, then there's no alternative except our going in the streets ... and chaos". According to historian Arthur Schlesinger, "she talked wildly about giving guns to Negroes in the street so they could start killing white people." Jerome Smith told Kennedy: "I'm close to the moment where I'm ready to take up a gun."
Kennedy said that their family, immigrants from Ireland, had suffered discrimination upon arriving in America but were able to overcome their hardships to achieve political success, and that the U.S. might have a black president in 40 years. David Baldwin observed that their family had been in the country far longer than Kennedy's, yet had barely been permitted to climb out of poverty. Kennedy later said: "They seemed possessed. They reacted as a unit. It was impossible to make contact with any of them."
The meeting ended after two and a half or three hours, when Hansberry walked out and most of the others followed.
Though billed as off-the-record, details of the meeting were recounted a few weeks later in The New York Times in an article by James Reston about the Kennedy administration's approach to race relations. Reston's summary provides only Robert Kennedy's perspective on the meeting, offering their appraisal that the problem was one of both "militant Negro and white leaders" and stating that the attorney general "apparently has little faith in the quieter moderate leaders of both races."
As Clarence Jones served as the attorney representing Martin Luther King Jr. at the meeting, they strongly disputed Reston's account of the meeting and issued a detailed, four-page letter to the editor of the New York Times, with copy to Robert Kennedy, providing their alternative assessment of the meeting. Directly challenging the perception given in Reston's coverage of the meeting, that "a lawyer for Dr. King had remained silent throughout the meeting (the implication being as a 'moderate' such a lawyer was intimidated from speaking)," Jones summarized four areas of discussion in which they had actively engaged with the Attorney General during the meeting.
Specifically, Jones notes that they had requested that the President personally accompany University of Alabama students as a way to help assure successful integration. They directed the Attorney General's attention to the appointment of certain judges by their administration who, in Jones' opinion, "had openly and avowedly, prior to their appointment, indicated their flagrant segregationist views." They raised the idea of the President making a series of televised speeches addressing the elimination of segregation and discrimination. Finally, they participated in the discussion of the role and effectiveness of some white Southern FBI agents in civil rights cases.
Aftermath
Despite feeling emotional and overwhelmed in the aftermath of the meeting, Baldwin and Clark arrived (half an hour late) to WGBH, where Clark interviewed Baldwin on tape.
"We were a little shocked at the extent of their naivete," Baldwin was quoted as saying. "We told them that though the Kennedy administration has done some things the Eisenhower administration never did, its actions have yet to affect the masses of Negro people."
After the meeting, Robert Kennedy ordered FBI director J. Edgar Hoover to increase surveillance of Baldwin and tap the home phone of Jones. A memo issued four days after the meeting asked the FBI to produce information, "particularly of a derogatory nature." A subsequent report labeled Baldwin both a "pervert" and a "communist." Actor Rip Torn discovered that they also had been placed under surveillance after the meeting.
Baldwin also says they suffered retaliation from the State Department, including interference with their passport.
Harry Belafonte recalled Martin Luther King Jr. calling them the following day wanting to know the details of the meeting. When Belafonte described the "disaster," and Jerome Smith's "fighting words," King said "Maybe it's just what Bobby needed to hear."
Jones recalled Martin Luther King Jr. saying shortly after the dust-up, "Looks like the Attorney General of the United States regards you as an uppity Negro. But that's all right. We still love you. You're our uppity Negro."
To their biographer, Arthur Schlesinger, Kennedy said ("his voice filled with despair"):
They don't know what the laws are—they don't know what the facts are—they don't know what we've been doing or what we're trying to do. You can't talk to them the way you can talk to Martin Luther King or Roy Wilkins. They didn't want to talk that way. It was all emotion, hysteria—they stood up and orated—they cursed—some of them wept and left the room.
Schlesinger and others nevertheless describe the moment as a long-term turning point in RFK's attitude towards the Black liberation struggle. Less than one month later, President Kennedy gave their landmark Civil Rights Address. Robert Kennedy was the only White House adviser to actively encourage their brother to give the speech, in which the president publicly proposed legislation that would become the Civil Rights Act of 1964. Revisiting the issue of military service, Robert Kennedy later asked the Senate Judiciary Committee: "How long can we say to a Negro in Jackson, 'When war comes you will be an American citizen, but in the meantime you're a citizen of Mississippi—and we can't help you'?"
See also
James Baldwin: A Soul on Fire
March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom
References
Sources
Goduti, Philip A. Robert F. Kennedy and the Shaping of Civil Rights, 1960-1964. Jefferson, NC: McFarland, 2013.
Saucedo, Todd. The Fire Within: The Baldwin Meeting and the Evolution of the Kennedy Administration's Approach to Civil Rights. Masters' Thesis, University of Central Florida, 2004.
Schlesinger, Arthur Meier. Robert Kennedy and Their Times. Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 1978.
Staffordshire, Douglas Field. A Historical Guide to James Baldwin. Oxford University Press, 2009.
1963 in New York City
1963 in the United States
Civil rights movement
History of New York City
Robert F. Kennedy
Holub's golden weaver (Ploceus xanthops), also known as the African golden weaver, is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It is found from Gabon to Uganda and Kenya, south to northern Namibia, northern Botswana and eastern South Africa.
The common name commemorates the Czech naturalist Emil Holub.
References
External links
Holub's golden weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Holub's golden weaver - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Holub's golden weaver
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
Holub's golden weaver
Birds of East Africa
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Manfred was a notable Australian Thoroughbred race horse.
By the champion sire Valais (GB) the Leading sire in Australia for 5 seasons between 1923 and 1928 from the mare Otford (AUS). Grandsire Cicero won the 1905 Epsom Derby. Manfred was purchased at the 1924 Sydney Easter Yearling Sales for the sum of 1,400 guineas by Ben Chaffey.
Racing record
A temperamental horse they officially raced 28 times in their career; however, they only took part in 22 of them, refusing to gallop in 6 of those races.
They had an unimpressive record as a 2YO finishing well beaten in six races before their first win.
Manfred went on to record victories in races including the 1925 VRC Derby, AJC Derby, Champagne Stakes and the W. S. Cox Plate as well as the 1926 Caulfield Cup.
Their most famous performance was in the AJC Derby where they refused to start until all six of their rivals had travelled half a furlong (100m). Their jockey, Billy Duncan managed to get them going where they eventually overtook the field and won the race by 1 ½ lengths.
A week later they refused to gallop in the Caulfield Guineas but went on to win the Cox Plate and VRC Derby at subsequent starts.
Following their refusal to start in the final two times they went to the barrier they were retired to stud.
Stud record
Manfred enjoyed considerable success at stud and among the best of their progeny were The Trump (winner of the 1937 Caulfield-Melbourne Cup double), Red Manfred, Mildura, Manolive and Manrico.
For the last two years of their life, they were a pensioner at the stud and then, rather than risk the old horse seriously injuring himself, in June 1940 they were humanely destroyed.
References
1922 racehorse births
1940 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Australia
Victoria Derby winners
Cox Plate winners
Caulfield Cup winners
John Fleetwood (died 1590), of Colwich, Staffordshire and Penwortham, Lancashire, was the Member of Parliament for Staffordshire in 1572.
References
Year of birth missing
1590 deaths
People from Cannock Chase District
People from Penwortham
English MPs 1572–1583
Mohammadabad (, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 914, in 240 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Trojans Hockey Club is a field hockey club that plays at Stoneham Lane in Southampton.
The club runs six men's, five women's and junior teams. The men's first XI play in the South Premier Division 2 (4th tier of English hockey) and the women's first XI play in the England Hockey League Investec Conference West (2nd tier of English hockey).
Major national honours
Trojans hockey club has reached two major national finals during its history.
1977-78 Men's National League Runner-Up
1994-95 Women's National Cup Runner-Up
Men's International players past and present
Ladies International players past and present
References
English field hockey clubs
Andrés Carrascosa Coso (born 16 December 1955) is a Spanish prelate of the Catholic Church who works in the diplomatic service of the Holy See. They have been Apostolic Nuncio to Ecuador since 2017.
Biography
Born in the Spanish city of Cuenca on 16 December 1955, they were raised in the municipality of Alcázar del Rey. They studied at the Major Seminary of Saint Julian, and was ordained a priest of the Diocese of Cuenca on 2 July 1980. In 1981 they entered the Pontifical Ecclesiastical Academy.
On 31 July 2004, Pope John Paul II appointed them titular archbishop of Elo and Apostolic Nuncio of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. On 26 August they named them Nuncio to Gabon as well. They received their episcopal consecration on 7 October from Cardinal Angelo Sodano.
On 12 January 2009, Pope Benedict XVI appointed them Apostolic Nuncio to Panama.
On 22 June 2017, Pope Francis appointed them Apostolic Nuncio to Ecuador.
See also
List of heads of the diplomatic missions of the Holy See
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy: Archbishop Andrés Carrascosa Coso
Living people
1955 births
Apostolic Nuncios to the Republic of the Congo
Apostolic Nuncios to Gabon
Apostolic Nuncios to Panama
Apostolic Nuncios to Ecuador
HMS Cherokee was the lead ship of their class of 10-gun brig-sloops of the British Royal Navy. They saw service during the Napoleonic Wars. In 1810 they participated in an engagement that resulted in their crew qualifying for the Naval General Service Medal. The Navy sold Cherokee in 1828. They then became a merchantman trading between Liverpool and Africa. Cherokee was wrecked in August 1831 returning to England from Africa.
Design and construction
Cherokee was ordered on 30 March 1807, based on a design by Henry Peake. The ship was laid down in December 1807 by John Perry at Blackwall Yard, London. As built, the ship had a burthen of 237 tons, and was long at the gun deck, and at the keel. They were wide, and drew at the bows and aft. The ship was armed with eight 18-pounder carronades, with two 6-pounder guns mounted as bow chasers, and had a complement of 75. They were launched on 24 February 1808.
Royal Navy
Commander Richard Arthur commissioned Cherokee on 12 April 1808 to operate in the English Channel. They captured the French vessels Union and Juene Emma on 2 and 7 March 1809, respectively, with proceeds from the sale of the ships, stores, and cargo being paid on board on 22 December 1809.
They took part in the Walcheren Campaign of July–December 1809, and was one of a long list of ships who received prize money for property captured at Walcheren and adjacent islands in the Scheldt between 30 July and 16 August 1809, which was paid as the ships arrived at various ports from 6 October 1812.
On 10 January 1810 Arthur made a reconnaissance of the port of Dieppe, observing seven privateer luggers anchored close to the pier head under the protection of shore batteries. At 1 a.m they took Cherokee into the port, running in between two of the vessels. They fought off an attempt by the French to board, and while under fire from cannon in the shore batteries, and from muskets in the other privateers, successfully brought out one. They proved to be Amiable Nelly, of 106 tons, armed with 16 guns, and with a crew of 60. Cherokee suffered only two men slightly wounded, while two Frenchmen were killed and eight wounded, three seriously. Arthur was rewarded for this action by being promoted to post-captain. A clasp to the Naval General Service Medal, "Cherokee 10 Jany. 1810", was awarded to surviving claimants in 1847.
Command of Cherokee then passed to Commander William Ramage. They were based at Leith to operate in the North Sea and on the coast of Norway.
On 7 January 1811 they captured the vessels Lavens Laver and Hercules. Prize money for both was paid on board on 29 August 1812.
On 1 May 1811, boats from Cherokee, and , made an attempt to cut out some galliots at Egersund, on the coast of Norway, but were thwarted by the arrival of boats from .
On 9 October 1811 they captured a Danish privateer cutter, armed with two guns and with a crew of twenty, three days out from Bergen.
They also captured Zeegeluk on 27 April 1811, Arve Brakart on 18 October 1811, and Envold Fortuna, Maria, and Bergen on 25 May 1812, with prize money for all being paid on Cherokees arrival at Leith in April 1813.
Ramage appears to have retained command of Cherokee after the end of the war, until on 1 January 1817 Commander Thomas Smith assumed command of them at Leith. Smith had the misfortune of having been taken prisoner by the French during the battle of the Basque Roads in April 1809, while serving as a lieutenant in the sloop Lyra, when the boat they commanded was captured. They were held as a prisoner of war until June 1814, receiving promotion to commander on their return. In November 1818, they conveyed the Archduke Maximilian of Austria-Este to Ireland in Cherokee; in gratitude the Archduke presented them with a gold snuff box.
Commander Theobald Jones took command of Cherokee at Leith on 26 February 1819, and served on the South America Station in 1822. Finally, Commander William Keats (a nephew of Admiral Sir Richard Goodwin Keats) took command on 7 October 1822, and was based at Leith and Cork.
Disposal: On 26 March 1828 Cherokee was laying at Deptford, where they were offered for sale by the Navy Office. They were bought by J. Crystal for £610.
Mercantile serviceCherokee was first listed in the Register of Shipping (RS), and Lloyd's Register (LR) in 1829.
FateCherokee'', Houstan, master, came ashore in a fog on 27 August 1831 and was wrecked south of Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire. Them crew were saved. They were on a voyage from New Calabar to Liverpool.
Citations and referencesCitationsReferences'''
1808 ships
Ships built by the Blackwall Yard
Cherokee-class brig-sloops
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
Maritime incidents in August 1831
The title of Shakespeare's Jest Book has been given to two quite different early Tudor period collections of humorous anecdotes, published within a few years of each other. The first was The Hundred Merry Tales, the only surviving complete edition of which was published in 1526. The other, published about 1530, was titled Merry Tales and Quick Answers and originally contained 113 stories. An augmented edition of 1564 contained 140.
The explanation of the title comes from a reference to one or other collection in William Shakespeare's play Much Ado About Nothing in which the character Beatrice has been accused 'that I had my good wit out of the 100 Merry Tales' (II.sc.1). By that time it seems that the two works were being confounded with each other.
Contents
The stories in the 1526 Hundred Merry Tales are largely set in England, mostly in London or the surrounding area, and contain the stock figures of stupid clergymen, unfaithful wives, and Welshmen, the butt of many jokes at the time. Most are followed by a comment on what can be learned from the story. The book's Victorian editors identified a few Italian and French sources from earlier centuries but it was mainly a depository for popular lore that was to figure in more focussed collections published later. In particular, one story there (, 24) features the proverbial villagers of Gotham. Another (, 40) concerns the raffish priest and poet John Skelton, of whom many more stories were to be told in the Merie Tales of Skelton (1566).
Merry Tales and Quick Answers has a wider and more literary range of reference. Among its contents are to be found two of Aesop's Fables dealing with human subjects, Of Thales the astronomer that fell in a ditch (25) and (89), and two popular tales that were credited to Aesop in later collections: (55) and (59). Three of these and yet one more, (10), were to figure later among La Fontaine's Fables. The story of the young widow is a close translation of a fable that had appeared in the Latin collection of Laurentius Abstemius only three decades earlier.
The anecdotes recorded in the work range from Classical history to near contemporary times across the cities of Europe. One scholar comments that the work is ‘mostly drawn from Erasmus and Poggio Bracciolini, but acknowledges little of its inheritance beyond ascribing a handful of its jests to Plutarch'. It certainly owes to Poggio a good deal of its scabrous and scatological content. The following is a list of the principal stories that are common to the English jest book and Poggio's Facetiae.
1. – Poggio tale 162
4. _ Poggio's 227
6. – Poggio 12 (Hurwood)
18. (later known as "The ring of Hans Carvel") – Poggio's 133
28. – Poggio's 130
31. – Poggio's 230
36. – Poggio's 184
39. – Poggio's 176
57. – Poggio's 259
66. – Poggio's 137
73. , which takes place in Florence in Poggio's 147
76. – Poggio 219
87 – Poggio 56 (Hurwood)
90. – Poggio's 194
98. – Poggio's 179
99. – Poggio's 250
References
Hurwood, B.J. (translator), The Facetiae of Giovanni Francesco Poggio Braccioline, London 1968.
Lisieux, I. (publisher), The Facetiae or Jocose Tales of Poggio, vol. 2, Paris 1879, archived online
External links
Shakespeare Jest Books, (London 1864) at Google Books
English books
Comedy books
William Shakespeare
16th-century books
SM UB-155 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat built for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. They were never commissioned into the German Imperial Navy but surrendered to France on 9 March 1919 in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany and broken up at Brest in July 1921.
Construction
They were built by AG Vulcan of Hamburg and following just under a year of construction, launched at Hamburg on 26 October 1918. UB-155 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-155 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-155 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
1918 ships
Ships built in Hamburg
Adad-nirari II (reigned from 911 to 891 BC) was the first King of Assyria in the Neo-Assyrian period.
Biography
Adad-nirari II's father was Ashur-dan II, whom they succeeded after a minor dynastic struggle. It is probable that the accession encouraged revolts amongst Assyria's nominal vassals.
They firmly subjugated the areas previously under only nominal Assyrian vassalage, conquering and deporting troublesome Arameans following a battle at the junction of the Khabur and Euphrates in 910 BC. After subduing Neo-Hittite and Hurrian populations in the north, Adad-nirari II then twice attacked and defeated Shamash-mudammiq of Babylonia, annexing a large area of land north of the Diyala River and the towns of Hīt and Zanqu in mid Mesopotamia in the same year. They made further gains over Babylonia under Nabu-shuma-ukin I later in their reign. They also campaigned to the west, subjugating the Aramean cities of Kadmuh and Nisibin. Along with vast amounts of treasure collected, they also secured the Kabur river region. Their reign was a period of returning prosperity to the Middle East region following expansion of Phoenician and Aramaean trade routes, linking Anatolia, Egypt under the Libyan 22nd Dynasty, Mesopotamia and the Mediterranean.
Adad-nirari II's son was named Tukulti-Ninurta II who continued to wage war against Assyria's enemies.
Because of the existence of full eponym lists from Adad-nirari II's reign down to the middle of the reign of Ashurbanipal in the 7th century BC, year one of their reign in 911 BC is perhaps the first event in ancient Near Eastern history which can be dated to an exact year, although the Assyrian King List is generally considered to be quite accurate for several centuries before Adad-nirari's reign, and scholars generally agree on a single set of dates back to Ashur-resh-ishi I in the late 12th century BC.
References
10th-century BC births
891 BC deaths
10th-century BC Assyrian kings
9th-century BC Assyrian kings
Year of birth unknown
Kings of the Universe
sv:Assyriska kungar#Nyassyriska perioden
Johan Roos (born 1961) is a Swedish organizational theorist known for their work on intellectual capital. They currently serve as Chief Strategy Officer at Hult International Business School, previously having served as President of Copenhagen Business School and Dean of the Stockholm School of Economics.
Biography
In 1985 they also received their MSc in Agricultural Business and Management from the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, and in 1989 their PhD in International Business from the Stockholm School of Economics.
Roos started their academic career as Research Associate at the Wharton School in 1988. Back in Scandinavia from 1990 to 1994 they were Associate Professor of Strategy at the BI Norwegian Business School. From 1995 to 2000 they were Professor of General Management and Strategy at the International Institute for Management Development (IMD) in Lausanne, Switzerland. In 2000 they founded the Imagination Lab Foundation, which they directed until 2006. In 2007 they returned to Sweden, where they were appointed Professor of Strategy and Dean of the Stockholm School of Economics. After two years as President of Copenhagen Business School from 2009 to 2011, they became Dean & CEO of Jönköping International Business School in 2012.
Selected publications
Lorange, Peter, and Johan Roos. Strategic alliances: Formation, implementation, and evolution. (1993).
Von Krogh, George, and Johan Roos. Organizational Epistemology. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1995.
Roos, Johan, Leif Edvinsson, and Goran Roos. Intellectual capital: navigating in the new business landscape. New York University Press, 1998.
Lissack, Michael, and Johan Roos. The next common sense;'Mastering corporate complexity through. (2000).
References
External links
Living people
1961 births
Hult International Business School administrators
Swedish business theorists
Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences alumni
Stockholm School of Economics alumni
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania faculty
BI Norwegian Business School faculty
Tomana is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Johannes Tomana (born 1967), Zimbabwean attorney and Prosecutor-General
Marek Tomana (born 1979), Slovak football midfielder
Marijan (, also Romanized as Marījān) is a village in Behrestagh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 28, in 7 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Diocese of Moosonee can refer to the following Canadian entities:
Anglican Diocese of Moosonee
Roman Catholic Diocese of Moosonee, defunct
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hearst–Moosonee, current
"Until the Day Is Done" is a song by American rock band R.E.M. from their fourteenth studio album Accelerate. It was debuted on Anderson Cooper 360° to promote the Planet in Peril special and was released as a single on November 14, 2008, as a two-track download-only single. The promotional music video, directed by Vincent Moon, was posted on the band's website and on the band's YouTube account in late October 2008 and features footage from the live video album Live at The Olympia.
The song evolved from an instrumental demo titled "Black Sky 4-14", recorded during the sessions for the band's 1994's album Monster and released with its 25th anniversary edition in 2019.
Track listing
"Until the Day Is Done" – 4:09
"Houston" (Live at the Apple Store, Regent Street, London, March 26, 2008) – 2:19
Charts
References
External links
Music video
2008 singles
R.E.M. songs
Songs written by Michael Stipe
Songs written by Mike Mills
Songs written by Peter Buck
Warner Records singles
Song recordings produced by Jacknife Lee
Song recordings produced by Michael Stipe
Song recordings produced by Mike Mills
Song recordings produced by Peter Buck
Films directed by Vincent Moon
2008 songs
Barbadian Vehicle registration plates consist of letters and numbers. The Barbados Licensing Authority issues licence plates to all new motor vehicle owners. Each licence plate has one or two letters which represents the part of the island which the vehicle's owner resides or previously resided at the time the vehicle was registered. The first part consists of one or two letters which determine the part of the island the registration is from, or category of vehicle. The international code for Barbadian plates is BDS.
By parish
The breakdown is as follows.
Syntax
For the parish of Christ Church, 'X' represents Jesus Christ and therefore 'X' is chosen. Other parishes are by their first names: Saint John has 'J', so Saint Joseph therefore moved on to the next letter 'O', Saint Andrew became 'A', Saint Michael became 'M', meanwhile Saint Philip became 'P', so Saint Peter became 'E', vehicles for Saint James having all other letters taken, became known as the last letter of its name "S". All of the remaining parishes were then able to be represented as the first letter of their name.
On the licence plate, the number can go up to 4 digits. So for example, a person whose licence plate is L999 lives in St. Lucy and has registered their or their vehicle in that parish.
Depending on the number of people living in a particular parish there are sometimes other letters following the first letter to create a licence plate such as MA 999 or XF 700. This is especially so in Christ Church and St. Michael where the populations are large.
As of November 2008, Barbados had approximately 126,361 registered vehicles on the roads.
Special registration
CROWN (symbol) - The vehicle for HM The Queen or their vice-regal representative the Governor-General (A single metallic crown emblem on black)
B - Mini buses (Blue on white)
BM - Public buses
BT - Tour bus
CD - Consular and diplomatic vehicles (Yellow on blue)
D - Defence Force Vehicles
H - Hired rental vehicles (Blue on white)
HL - Hired Limousine. (White on red)
MP - Member of Parliament (Prime Minister bears "MP2"), other government-owned vehicles such as police force, civil service and government agencies (White on green)
ML - Vehicles owned by Government Departments, run by Statutory Boards.
Z - Taxis (Blue on white)
ZM - Maxi taxi
ZR - Private or contract buses or minivans (Blue on white)
MO - (preceded by up to 4 numerals) - Motor Dealers (Red on white)
International markings
The international code, which should be shown to the rear of the vehicle on a black-on-white oval, and to be carried by Barbadian vehicles when circulating outside Barbados is 'BDS'.
Owners may use white on black plates, front and rear, or black on white (front) and yellow(rear).
See also
ISO 3166-2:BB
International vehicle registration code
References
External links
BARBADOS 2010 UPDATE, by Jean-Emmanuel Chevry
License Plates Of The World, Barbados
Barbados plates, The License Plates Portal
Barbados
Transport in Barbados
Barbados transport-related lists
Anton Fliegerbauer (5 March 1940 – 5 September 1972) was a West German police officer who was killed in action by Palestinian Black September terrorists during the 1972 Summer Olympics when they responded to the hostage crisis remembered as the Munich massacre.
Early life
Fliegerbauer was born in Westerndorf, Lower Bavaria and grew up on a farm with their two siblings. They originally attended Agricultural school before taking up an apprenticeship with the Bavarian State Police. Fliegerbauer was appointed as police officer of the Municipal Police Munich to the rank "Polizeiobermeister" (Policeuppermaster) on 19 November 1970. In 1964 they met their future wife who they then married in 1966 and two years later they had a son, Alfred.
During the 1972 Munich Olympic Games, Fliegerbauer was assigned to a riot police unit.
Death
On 5 September Fliegerbauer's unit was ordered to Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base, where the West German Police had planned to rescue the nine Israeli hostages taken by eight Black September terrorists. Fliegerbauer took position inside the airport building at the base of the control tower directly opposite where the two Bell UH-1 Iroquois carrying the Israeli hostages and terrorists landed. Upon discovering that the Lufthansa plane had no crew and suspecting a trap, terrorist leader Luttif Afif and their deputy Yusuf Nazzal ran back towards the two helicopters, shouting as they did so to the terrorists at the helicopters. Three West German Police marksmen stationed on the roof of the control opened fire on the six terrorists at outside the two helicopters and at least one on Afif and Nazzal still moving back towards the helicopters. As they did so, Fliegerbauer, still positioned inside the airport building at the base of the control tower, also opened fire on the terrorist leader and their deputy with a submachine gun. According to Simon Reeve, author of One Day in September, Fliegerbauer had fired less than half the bullets in their magazine when a random shot from the one of the Black September terrorists came through the window and struck them in the side of the head.
In a chapter entitled "Death at the Munich Olympics," Kay Schiller, professor of cultural history at Durham University, writes that Fliegerbauer was celebrated as a "hero who had paid the ultimate price in their attempt to liberate innocent hostages," and argues that this made it easier for the German public to "cope with the death of the Israelis," despite the fact that it was clear that the response of German security had been incompetent.
Memorials
Fliegerbauer was buried on 8 September after a "well attended" civic funeral attended by the Mayor of Munich Georg Kronawitter and Prime Minister of Bavaria Alfons Goppel with wreaths laid on behalf of West German Chancellor Willy Brandt and West German President Gustav Heinemann.
In a memorial service held at Fürstenfeldbruck Air Base in 2012, commemorating the 40th anniversary of the Munich massacre, Fliegerbauer was remembered alongside the eleven members of the Israeli delegation slain by the terrorists.
During 2016 Fliegerbauer was memorialized at the Olympic Village in Brazil.
On the memorial to the massacre erected at Olympiapark (Munich), Fliegerbauer is described in a sentence that reads, "The police failed in this attempt, and the operation ended in disaster. All of the hostages and the German police officer Anton Fliegerbauer, as well as five of the terrorists, died."
References
1940 births
1972 deaths
Deaths by firearm in Germany
German terrorism victims
Male murder victims
German police officers
Police officers killed in the line of duty
Terrorism deaths in Germany
Victims of the Munich massacre
People killed by Islamic terrorism
Look What You Made Me is the debut studio album by American rapper Yung Berg. It was released on August 12, 2008, via Koch Records. Production was handled by Rob Holladay, Jason 'JFK' Fleming, Boogz, Detail, Mr. Collipark and Xcel. It features guest appearances from Casha Darjean, Amerie, K. Young, Lloyd, Ray J, Trey Songz and Twista among others. The album debuted at #20 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart selling 19,000 copies in its first week.
Singles
The first single from the album was "Sexy Lady" featuring Junior; peaking at #18 on the Billboard Hot 100 it was included on the prequel EP, Almost Famous (subtitled The Sexy Lady EP). Despite the single being released over sixteen months before the album, Berg confirmed in an interview with fellow Chicago native and radio personality DJ Z that it would still be included on the album.
The single "Sexy Can I" was included in the album even though it also is the first single from Ray J's fourth studio album All I Feel (released April 8, 2008), it peaked at #3 on the Hot 100, was certified 2× Platinum by the RIAA, and is the most successful single for both Ray J and Yung Berg to date.
Soon afterwards, Berg released a promotional street single, entitled "Do That There", produced by fellow Chicagoan Xcel (known for producing Shawnna's "Gettin' Some"), it featured a sample from Dude 'n Nem's single "Watch My Feet" and had them credited as featured artists. It is Yung Berg's least successful single to date, only peaking at #125 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
The second official single came on May 13, 2008, with the release of "The Business". Assisted by their first Yung Boss Music Group signee and former Candy Hill lead singer Casha, it has entered the Hot 100, charting at #33 so far.
Track listing
Charts
References
External links
E1 Music albums
Hitmaka albums
2008 debut albums
Epic Records albums
Albums produced by Mr. Collipark
Albums produced by Detail (record producer)
Arturo Uslar Pietri (16 May 1906 in Caracas – 26 February 2001) was a Venezuelan intellectual, historian, writer, television producer, and politician.
Life
Born on 16 May 1906 in Caracas, Venezuela, their parents were general Arturo Uslar Santamaría and Helena Pietri de Uslar.
The last name Uslar is of German origin and can be traced back to Johann von Uslar, who fought for the rebel cause during Venezuela's independence wars. As a young boy and then teenager they lived in various cities in the comparatively urbanised central northern valleys of the country. They moved back to Caracas in 1924 to read political sciences at the Central University of Venezuela, where they graduated from Doctor of Political Sciences in 1929. That same year they obtained a law degree.
Uslar led a remarkably fruitful life, influential in Venezuelan politics, historical analysis and literature, and as an educator. Their period of activity spanned the last years of Venezuelan Caudillismo, the transition to democracy and most of the democratic era of 1958 - 1999. They held posts such as Secretary for the Venezuelan Delegation at the League of Nations, delegate at the International Labour Organization, minister of education, minister of finance, contributor to the Act of Constitution of the New Democratic Government (1958), ambassador to the United States, professor of Latin American literature at Columbia University, professor of political economics at the Central University of Venezuela, chief editor of a main newspaper, candidate for the Presidency and member of the Royal Spanish Academy.
Uslar Pietri had a lifetime involvement in the Venezuelan media as a cultural figure. They wrote regionally influential essays and novels, of which The Red Lances, an account of life during the Venezuelan War of Independence from various social perspectives is arguably the most famous. In their works they championed mestizaje, or miscegenation, as a valuable feature of Latin American culture. Their literary output was recognised in 1990 with a Prince of Asturias Award. They were several times nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Uslar Pietri died on 26 February 2001 in Caracas. They had announced their retirement as an author in 1998 and last figured prominently in political debate in 1993.
Awards
El Nacional Best Short Story Award (1949)
National Prize for Literature (1954 and 1982)
National Journalism Award (1971)
The Miguel de Cervantes Hispanic-American Journalism Award (1972)
Prince of Asturias Award (1990)
Légion d'honneur Grand-Croix (Grand Cross) (1990)
Rómulo Gallegos Prize for Best Novel (1991)
Works
Novels
(1931) Las lanzas coloradas.
(1947) El camino de El Dorado.
(1962) Un retrato en la geografía.
(1964) Estación de máscaras.
(1976) Oficio de difuntos.
(1981) La isla de Robinson.
(1990) La visita en el tiempo.
Essays
(1945) Las visiones del camino.
(1945) Sumario de economía venezolana para alivio de estudiantes.
(1948) Letras y hombres de Venezuela.
(1949) De una a otra Venezuela.
(1951) Las nubes.
(1952) Apuntes para retratos.
(1953) Tierra venezolana.
(1954) Tiempo de contar.
(1955) El petróleo en Venezuela.
(1955) Pizarrón.
(1955-56-58) Valores humanos.
(1955) Breve historia de la novela hispanoamericana.
(1959) Materiales para la construcción de Venezuela.
(1962) Del hacer y deshacer de Venezuela.
(1964) Valores humanos. Biografías y evocaciones.
(1964) La palabra compartida. Discursos en el Parlamento (1959–1963).
(1965) Hacia el humanismo democrático.
(1966) Petróleo de vida o muerte.
(1967) Oraciones para despertar.
(1968) Las vacas gordas y las vacas flacas.
(1969) En busca del nuevo mundo.
(1971) Vista desde un punto.
(1972) Bolivariana.
(1974) La otra América.
(1975) Camino de cuento.
(1975) Viva voz.
(1979) Fantasmas de dos mundos.
(1981) Cuéntame a Venezuela.
(1981) Educar para Venezuela.
(1982) Fachas, fechas y fichas.
(1983) Bolívar hoy.
(1984) Venezuela en el petróleo.
(1986) Medio milenio de Venezuela.
(1986) Raíces venezolanas.
(1986) Bello el venezolano.
(1986) Godos, insurgentes y visionarios.
(1990) La creación del Nuevo Mundo.
(1992) Golpe y Estado en Venezuela.
(1994) Del cerro de plata al camino extraviado.
Short stories
(1928) Barrabás y otros relatos.
(1936) Red.
(1949) Treinta hombres y sus sombras.
(1966) Pasos y Pasajeros.
(1967) La lluvia y otros cuentos.
(1980) Los Ganadores.
Poetry
(1972) Manoa: 1932–1972.
(1986) El hombre que voy siendo.
Theater
(1958) El día de Antero Alban. La Tebaida. El Dios invisible. La fuga de Miranda.
(1960) Chuo Gil y las tejedoras. Drama en un preludio y siete tiempos.
Travel
(1950) La ciudad de nadie.
(1954) El otoño en Europa.
(1955) Un turista en el cercano oriente.
(1960) La ciudad de nadie. El otoño en Europa. Un turista en el cercano oriente.
(1971) La vuelta al mundo en diez trancos.
(1975) El globo de colores.
References
External links
Uslar Pietri at Cervantes Virtual
Sembrar el Petróleo, 1936
Essays by and about Uslar Pietri
Fundación Casa Arturo Uslar Pietri
1906 births
2001 deaths
20th-century male writers
20th-century novelists
20th-century Venezuelan novelists
Central University of Venezuela alumni
Central University of Venezuela faculty
Columbia University faculty
Finance ministers of Venezuela
Grand Croix of the Légion d'honneur
Maria Moors Cabot Prize winners
Magic realism writers
Male novelists
Members of the Senate of Venezuela
People from Caracas
Venezuelan diplomats
Venezuelan literary critics
Venezuelan male writers
Venezuelan novelists
Venezuelan people of German descent
Death in Caracas
IC 1913 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Fornax. It belongs to the Fornax Cluster, which contains approximately 200 galaxies.
It is 66.5 million light years distant from Earth, and based on its size on the night sky and distance, it is 37,000 light years in diameter. It was discovered by DeLisle Stewart in 1899.
It is visible from southern hemisphere using telescope, but not with a naked eye.
See also
IC 1919
NGC 1399
NGC 1427A
References
Barred spiral galaxies
Fornax Cluster
Fornax (constellation)
Southie is a 1999 American film directed by John Shea starring Donnie Wahlberg, Rose McGowan, Anne Meara, Jimmy Cummings, Lawrence Tierney, Robert Wahlberg, Will Arnett, Shea, and Amanda Peet. The film centers around Danny Quinn, a former "street kid" from South Boston, returning home to find their family deeper into organized crime than when they left, and their struggles to not fall back into their previous life.
Plot
Danny Quinn (Donnie Wahlberg) is a former "street kid" from South Boston, colloquially known as "Southie," who returns home from New York City after three years away. They find their mother (Anne Meara) overwhelmed with worry as their other three kids are caught up in the madness of the hardscrabble neighborhood in which drinking, sex, and fighting is the way of life. Danny tracks down their brothers only to find out they're deeply embedded in the Irish mob in Boston and in debt to local mobster Colie Powers (Lawrence Tierney). Their younger sister Kathy (Rose McGowan), meanwhile, became a barfly in Danny's absence.
Danny must get their hands on some quick cash in order to stop their brothers from getting their legs broken and their sister off the streets. In their pursuit to help their ailing mother and right their family's name on the streets of Southie, Danny tracks down their old girlfriend from the neighborhood, Marianne (Amanda Peet), finding that the love they left behind still remains. They tell how they heard about the gunfight they were in with Joey Ward (Jimmy Cummings) and wants to know if that's why they left town. Danny confesses that real reason they left town was that they needed to stop drinking if they were to become the man that they would want them to be.
Unable to find legitimate work and banned from union jobs due to a scuffle at a wedding, Danny becomes desperate for money. Two of their old pals know Danny needs money and offer them an opportunity to be a partner in an underground gambling club, though, they neglect to tell Danny that their silent partner is their old nemesis, Joey Ward. It doesn't take long before Danny finds out and they and Joey are face to face. In Danny's absence from the neighborhood, Joey's father Butchie has declared war on Colie Powers and without knowing this Danny finds themselves caught up in the middle of their war as it looks like he's in business with the Wards. The mob war eventually comes to Danny's front door, and the stress of an attempted murder in front of their house kills Danny's mother.
Cast
Donnie Wahlberg as Danny Quinn
Rose McGowan as Kathy Quinn
Robert Wahlberg as Davy Quinn
Steven Kozlowski as Jimmy Quinn
Anne Meara as Mrs. Quinn
Lawrence Tierney as Colm 'Colie' Powers
John Shea as Peter Binda
David Fitzgerald as Francis 'Butchie' Ward
Jimmy Cummings as Joey Ward
Brian Goodman as Mikey 'Monk' Moriarty
Lenny Clarke as Eddie 'Fat Eddie'
Will Arnett as 'Whitey'
Amanda Peet as Marianne Silva
Janet Giannone as Peggy Silva
Jere Shea as Martin Powers
Katie MacIntosh as Clare Powers
Josh Marchette as Will Casey
Mannie Corrado as Jackie Porter
Jeffery Cook as Chuckie Boyle
Jay Giannone as Teddy Mac
Mary Flavin as Desiree
Sue Costello as Maureen 'Mo' Maloney
Steve Sweeney as Paul Finnerty
Production
Southie was written by two young screenwriters from Boston, Jimmy Cummings and Dave McLaughlin. It was originally entitled "Brass Ring".
The lead role was originally offered to Mark Wahlberg but they were not available following the success of the 1997 film, Boogie Nights. Cummings' younger brother, Dan, suggested Donnie Wahlberg for the leading role. Shea spent a day with Ron Howard in New York as Howard completed the sound mixing on the 1996 film Ransom, in which Wahlberg had a supporting role. Shea liked what they saw and Wahlberg was offered the role.
Shooting was scheduled for February 1997, in the middle of a very cold and brutal Boston winter. The film was shot with a full union crew in twenty-four days.
The film ends as the real St. Patrick's Day parade goes through South Boston. The filmmakers were given permission by Thomas Menino, the Mayor of Boston, to shoot the parade. Directors of photography Allen Baker and Michael Bulter used five 35mm cameras to capture the Southie neighborhood.
After almost a year of post-production editing and scoring by composer Wayne Sharp, the filmmakers changed the film's name to Southie at the suggestion of Donnie Wahlberg. It was the first feature film ever shot entirely in the old South Boston neighborhood, a place once described as "the last white ghetto in America".
Release
Southie was entered into the Seattle International Film Festival, the Nantucket Film Festival and the American Film Institute Festival in Los Angeles. The movie was acquired for distribution by Lions Gate Pictures after its screening at the Montreal World Film Festival where it was the only American film representing the United States in the main competition. In April 1999, it played at the 14th Dublin Film Festival.
See also
List of films, operas, and plays set in Boston
External links
1999 films
Films set in Boston
Films about Irish-American culture
Films directed by John Shea
Films about the Irish Mob
1999 directorial debut films
1990s English-language films
American crime drama films
1990s American films
Mogens is a Danish masculine given name (specifically Danish shake-up of Magnus), and may refer to:
Mogens Ballin, Danish artist, one of a group of painters who gathered in the Breton village of Pont-Aven
Mogens Berg (born 1944), Danish former football player
Jens Mogens Boyesen (1920–1996), Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Labour Party
Mogens Brandt (1909–1970), Danish film actor
Mogens Camre (born 1936), Danish politician and former Member of the European Parliament with the Danish People's Party
Mogens Christensen (1929–2020), Norwegian luger
Mogens Christiansen (born 1972), former Danish cricketer
Mogens Ellegaard (1935–1995), of Denmark, regarded as the "father of the classical accordion"
Mogens Bay Esbensen (born 1930), Danish born chef and author, introduced Thai cuisine and ingredients to Australia
Mogens Fog (1906–1990), Danish physician, politician (Danish Communist Party) and resistance fighter
Mogens Frey, retired Danish road bicycle racer
Mogens Glistrup (1926–2008), controversial Danish politician, lawyer, tax protester and member of the Danish parliament
Mogens Gøye (1470–1544), wealthy Danish statesman and Steward of the Realm
Mogens Guldberg (born 1963), former middle-distance runner from Denmark
Mogens Haastrup (born 1939), Danish former amateur football (soccer) player
Carsten Mogens Hansen (born 1957), Danish Social Democrat politician
Mogens Herman Hansen FBA (born 1940), Danish classical philologist and classical demographer
Mogens Winkel Holm (1936–1999), Danish composer
Mogens Jeppesen (born 1953), former Danish handball player
Mogens Jespersen (born 1949), Danish former football (soccer) player
Mogens Koch (1898–1993), Danish architect and furniture designer, professor at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts
Mogens Krogh (born 1963), Danish retired professional football (soccer) player
Mogens Lassen (1901–1987), Modernist Danish architect and designer within the idiom of the International Style
Mogens Lüchow (1918–1989), Danish fencer
Mogens Lykketoft (born 1946), Danish politician, former government minister and current Speaker of the Folketing
Victor Mogens (1886–1964), Norwegian journalist, editor and politician for Fedrelandslaget
Mogens Dahl Nielsen (born 1972), former Danish cricketer
Mogens Pedersøn (1583–1623), Danish instrumentalist and composer
Mogens Rukov, Danish screenwriter
Mogens Schou (1918–2005), Danish psychiatrist, groundbreaking researcher into Lithium to treat bipolar illness
Mogens Skeel (1651–1694), Danish playwright
Mogens Thomassen (1914–1987), Danish field hockey player
Mogens Thorsen (1790–1863), Norwegian shipowner
Mogens Truelsen (1901–1979), Danish sprinter
Mogens Venge (1912–1996), Danish field hockey player
Mogens Wieth (1919–1962), Danish film actor
Mogens Wöldike (1897–1988), Danish conductor, choirmaster, organist, and scholar
See also
Mogensen
Danish masculine given names
The men's freestyle 60 kilograms at the 2004 Summer Olympics as part of the wrestling program were held at the Ano Liosia Olympic Hall, August 28 to August 29.
The competition held with an elimination system of three or four wrestlers in each pool, with the winners qualify for the quarterfinals, semifinals and final by way of direct elimination.
Schedule
All times are Eastern European Summer Time (UTC+03:00)
Results
Legend
WO — Won by walkover
Elimination pools
Pool 1
Pool 2
Pool 3
Pool 4
Pool 5
Pool 6
Knockout round
Final standing
References
Official Report
Official website
Men's Freestyle 60 kg
Men's events at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Buivydžiai Eldership () is an eldership in Lithuania, located in Vilnius District Municipality, east of Vilnius and bordering Belarus. It is the least populous eldership in the municipality.
Etymology
Linguistically, the name comes from a local hydronym Buivydė, which in itself comes from a family name Buivydas. Lithuanian two-syllable archaic (sur)name Buivydas or Buitvydas — from buitis, būtis being, to be and (iš)vysti to see, literally to be born.
Nature
The area is dominated by hilly forests in the Buivydžiai Upland, which in itself is part of Medininkai Upland.
History
Some settlements in the area, such as Šventininkai, Maikūnai and Žvynėnai are mentioned in historical sources as early as 15th-16th century. Buivydžiai Folwark was mentioned in 1688. From the mid-17th century, the area belonged to Brzostowski family.
At the end of 18th century, the manor owners constructed a brick palace, and a wooden church nearby, which was famous for its unique classicist artwork. After the November Uprising of 1830–1831, Russian government imprisoned the owner of the manor, Michał Radziszewski, and confiscated the building.
In 1982, the old wooden church burned down, but a new brick church was built within a short time.
In 2009, the eldership was subdivided into 95 subelderships (seniūnaitijos). In 2012, the official coat of arms was approved by a presidential decree.
Populated places
The eldership has 37 homesteads and 28 villages, the largest of which are Buivydžiai, Punžonys, Šventininkai and Kaniūkai.
Notable locations
Tumuli of Papunžė, Santaka, Pakalniai, Veselucha and Pilviškiai.
Rėva hillfort - dated to the 1st millennium or early 2nd millennium.
Pakulniškės hillfort - dated to the 1st millennium.
Buivydžiai Manor
Ethnic composition
According to the 2011 census:
Poles - 74.3%
Lithuanians - 11.9%
Belarusians - 7.0%
Russians - 4.1%
According to the 2021 census, out of 816 inhabitants:
Poles - 612 (75%)
Lithuanians - 125 (15.3%)
Belarusians - 36 (4.4%)
Russians - 35 (4.3%)
Gallery
References
Elderships in Vilnius District Municipality
Christmas Time with Oleta is a holiday album by the American vocalist, pianist and songwriter Oleta Adams and was released in 2006.
Track listing
Personnel
Oleta Adams - lead vocals, vocal arrangements, backing vocals (1, 2, 4), arrangements (1-5, 7-10), keyboards (1, 2, 4, 7, 8, 9), synthesizer (1, 2, 4, 8, 10), piano (3, 6), bass guitar, programming (3, 8), all instruments (5), cello arrangement (7)
Greg Clark - backing vocals (1, 2, 4), vocal arrangements (2)
John Cushon - cymbals, drums (1-4, 6, 8, 9), percussion, programming (4, 6), keyboards (6), synthesizer (6), arrangements (6)
Jimmy Dykes - guitar (2, 4)
Beth McCullom - cello (7)
Lonnie McFadden - trumpet (2, 8)
Ronald McFadden - alto saxophone (2, 8)
Al Turner - bass guitar (1, 2, 4, 9)
Tammy Ward Clayton - backing vocals (1, 2, 4)
Production
Producer, Liner Notes: Oleta Adams
A&R: David Wilkes
Engineered and Mixed by Dave Lohr
Recorded at DML Audio (Littleton, CO); The Booth and The Cave (Shawnee, KN).
Mixed at DML Audio (Littleton, CO).
Mastered by Eric Conn at Independent Mastering (Nashville, TN).
Design: Studio Eric Wondergem BNO (Baarn, Netherlands).
Photography: Randee St. Nicholas
Management: Chevy Nash
References
Personnel : https://www.discogs.com/fr/Oleta-Adams-Christmas-Time-With-Oleta/release/2340758
2006 Christmas albums
Oleta Adams albums
Christmas albums by American artists
Jim Elliott is the former chairperson of the Montana Democratic Party and a former member of the Montana Senate, representing District 7 from 2001 to 2009. They were also a member of the Montana House of Representatives from 1989 through 1997, representing District 72.
In the Senate Jim served as Chairman of three influential senate committees, Taxation, Water Policy, and the Committee on Committees, which assigned senators to committees. Jim's philosophy of "agree happily and disagree respectfully," enabled them to work effectively with both Democrats and Republicans and gave them the ability to be a fair and effective voice for Lincoln, Mineral, Missoula, and Sanders Counties and for the people of the State of Montana.
Honored twice by the Montana Library Association for their fight against governmental agencies' spying on law-abiding citizens (2001 Legislator Award, 2006 Pat Williams Intellectual Freedom Award), Jim is also a Fellow of the Eleanor Roosevelt Global Leadership Institute and the Arthur Fleming Leadership Institute.
Elliott lives in Trout Creek, Montana, They have a daughter living in Los Angeles and a dog named Xena.
External links
Montana Senate - Jim Elliott official MT State Legislature website
Project Vote Smart - Senator Jim Elliott (MT) profile
1942 births
Living people
Ranchers from Montana
Members of the Montana House of Representatives
Montana Democrats
Montana state senators
People from Pottstown, Pennsylvania
San Francisco State University alumni
State political party chairs of Montana
The Ellensburg Rodeo Hall of Fame is a cowboy hall of fame. The hall of fame for the Ellensburg Rodeo was established in 1997. The hall of fame writes a biography for each inductee in a permanent file. It also collects and stores inductee rodeo mementos and artifacts, among many other important functions. Inductees are categorized as follows: (1) National Contestant; (2) Local Contestant; (3) Participant (clown, judge, announcer, trick rider, stock contractor etc.); (4) Volunteer Organizer; (5) Livestock; and (6) Pioneer Rodeo Family.
Hall of Fame Inductees
1997
"Ought"
Maude Barnett
Bosque Boy
Leonard Davis
Tom Ferguson
Bill McMacken
Montie Montana
Dean Oliver
H.E. “Doc” Pfenning
Jim Shoulders
Frank Wood
Wranglerettes
Larry Wyatt
Yakama Indian Nation
1998
Cooke Family
Ellensburg Rodeo Posse
Ferguson Family
Gage Family
Charmayne James
J. C. Kaynor
Smokey Kayser
Pete Knight
McEwen Family
Morrison Family
George Prescott
Scamper
Thomas Family
1999
Bernice Blair Dossey Bolen
Christensen Brothers Rodeo Company
Deb Copenhaver
Driver Family
Gene Miles
2000
Harry Anderson
Necklace
Wick Peth
Schnebly Family
Kenny Stanton
Harry Vold
2001
Buff Brady, Jr.
Bill Linderman
John P. Foster
Larry Mahan
Casey Tibbs
Kittitas County Roping Club
Warpaint
2002
Badger Mountain
Bernard and Moomaw
Harry Charters
Fitterer Family
Harry Knight
Mickey
2003
Anderson Family
Schaller Bennett
Frank Bryant
Clint Corey
Phil Gardenhire
Lou Richards
Lee Scott
2004
Joe Beaver
Everett Bowman
Joe Kelsey Rodeo Company
Loyd Ketchum
Kenny McLean
Red One
Bob Swaim
Widow Maker
2005
Joe Alexander
Jimmie Cooper
King County Posse
McManamy Family
Rose and Red Wall
Tornado
2006
Beard Rodeo Company
Spirit of the Trail Night Pageant
Homegrown
John Ludkta
Rod Lyman
Marty Wood
2007
Allen Bach
Katherine Bach with Foxy Coke
DeVere Helfrich
John and Gwen Jordan (Honorees)
Minor Family
2008
Stuart Anderson
Guy Allen
Dick Griffith
2009
Big Bend/Flying 5 Rodeo Company
Butch Lehmkuhler
Charlie Sampson
Spring Fling
2010
Dan and Judy Ackley
Eddie Akridge
Nason Aronica Family
2011
Ellensburg Rodeo Royalty
Allen Faltus
Fred Palmiero
2012
Trevor Brazile
Dr. Ken MacRae
2013
Calgary Stampede Ranch
Grated Coconut
Gary Remple
Buz Peth
2014
Bill McKay
Bud Munroe
Scott Repp
2015
Vern Castro
Nell Henderson
John W. Jones Jr.
Jan Smith
2016
Miles Hare
Rodeo Grandmas
2017
John Payne – 'The One Arm Bandit'
The Smith Family
2018
Jake Barnes
Katherine 'Kay' Hageman
Clay O'Brien Cooper
Frank Wallace Family
2019
The Burkheimer Family
Flint Rasmussen
2020
Slim Pickens
Mabel Stickland
Source:
References
External links
Official Website
Cowboy halls of fame
Sports halls of fame
Sports hall of fame inductees
Awards established in 1997
Museums established in 1997
Lists of sports awards
Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield 2008–09, officially named as Eisiti Senior Shield () due to the competition's sponsorship by Xiangxue Pharmaceutical, was the 107th season of one of the Asian oldest football knockout competition, Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield. It was a knockout competition for all the teams of Hong Kong First Division League. The winner would qualify for AFC Cup 2010, if it was a full member of The Hong Kong Football Association.
The final match was held in Hong Kong Stadium on 21 December 2008. The tournament was won by TSW Pegasus, who beat Convoy Sun Hei 3–0 in the final, thanks to two goals from Guy Junior Ondoua and one from Beto. Since TSW Pegasus was not a full member of the Hong Kong Football Association, the AFC Cup 2010 qualification of it was not confirmed before the final of 2008–09 Hong Kong FA Cup.
Calendar
Bracket
{{Round8
|29 November - Mong Kok Stadium|Eastern|0|TSW Pegasus|1
|30 November - Mong Kok Stadium|South China|3|Citizen|1
|29 November - Mong Kok Stadium|Kitchee|2|Convoy Sun Hei (a.e.t.)|3
|30 November - Mong Kok Stadium|Fourway|2|Sheffield United|0
|7 December - Mong Kok Stadium|TSW Pegasus|2 |South China |0
|7 December - Mong Kok Stadium|Convoy Sun Hei (a.e.t.)|1|Fourway |0
|21 December - Hong Kong Stadium|TSW Pegasus |3'|Convoy Sun Hei|0
}}All times are local (UTC+8)''.
First round
Quarter-finals
Semi-finals
Final
Scorers
The scorers in the 2008–09 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield are as follows:
6 goals
Guy Junior Ondoua (TSW Pegasus)
2 goals
Edson Minga (Fourway)
Giovane (Convoy Sun Hei)
Wilfred Bamnjo (Convoy Sun Hei)
1 goal
Xu Deshuai (Citizen)
Sandro (Citizen)
Festus Baise (Citizen)
Paulinho (Citizen)
Chen Zhizhao (Citizen)
Paul Ngue (Kitchee)
Cheng Lai Hin (Kitchee)
Tales Schutz (South China)
Chan Siu Ki (South China)
Maxwell (South China)
Lam Hok Hei (Fourway)
Caleb Ekwenugo (Fourway)
Chan Yiu Lun (Convoy Sun Hei)
Chu Siu Kei (Convoy Sun Hei)
Roberto (Convoy Sun Hei)
Li Jianbin (Sheffield United)
Hao Shuang (Sheffield United)
Joel (NT Realty Wofoo Tai Po)
Cheng Siu Wai (TSW Pegasus)
Itaparica (TSW Pegasus)
Beto (TSW Pegasus)
Own goals
Ayo Hassan Raimi (Tuen Mun Progoal)
Steve (Mutual)
Prizes
References
External links
Senior Shield - Hong Kong Football Association
Shield
Hong Kong Senior Shield
Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield, 2008-09
Route 68 is a highway in central and southern Missouri. Its eastern (or southern) terminus is at Route 19 in Salem; its western (or northern) terminus is at U.S. Route 63 north of Rolla. Even though it is an even- numbered route, it tends to run more north–south than east–west.
Between its northern terminus and St. James, Route 68 was Route 65 from 1922 to 1926, and has since been extended to the south.
Route description
History
Major intersections
References
068
Transportation in Dent County, Missouri
Transportation in Phelps County, Missouri
Transportation in Maries County, Missouri
Sergeyevo () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 20 as of 2002.
Geography
Sergeyevo is located 41 km west of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kudrinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Chrzanów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrzanów, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
William Charles Welsh (3 August 1924 – 10 December 2019) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL). They were the father of Hawthorn and Richmond player Peter Welsh.
Originally from Yinnar, Welsh came to Collingwood via Morwell, a club in the Central Gippsland Football League. Welsh, a half forward, played eight league games for Collingwood in the early rounds of the 1950 VFL season.
They got a clearance back to Morwell mid-season and ended the year with a starring role in their grand final win over Warragul. After captain-coaching Morwell in 1951, Welsh was put in charge of Traralgon for the 1952 season. They continued to captain-coach Traralgon in 1953, then didn't reapply for the position the following season, although they did remain as a player.
References
1924 births
2019 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Collingwood Football Club players
Morwell Football Club players
Traralgon Football Club players
Traralgon Football Club coaches
Curtis Roads (born May 9, 1951) is an American composer, author and computer programmer. They compose electronic and electroacoustic music, specializing in granular and pulsar synthesis.
Career and music
Born in Cleveland, Ohio, Roads studied composition at the California Institute of the Arts and the University of California San Diego.  They are former chair and current vice chair of the Media Arts and Technology Program at the University of California, Santa Barbara. They have previously taught at the University of Naples "Federico II", Harvard University, Oberlin Conservatory, Les Ateliers UPIC (now CCMIX, Center for the Composition of Music Iannis Xenakis), and the University of Paris VIII.
They co-founded the International Computer Music Association in 1980 and edited the Computer Music Journal from 1978–2000. They have created software including PulsarGenerator and the Creatovox, both with Alberto de Campo.
Since 2004, they have been researching a new method of sound analysis called atomic decompositions, sponsored by the National Science Foundation (NSF).
The first movement of their composition Clang-Tint, "Purity", uses intervals from the Bohlen–Pierce scale.
Publications
Roads, Curtis (2015). Composing Electronic Music. Oxford University Press.
Roads, Curtis (2001). Microsound. Cambridge: MIT Press.
Roads, Curtis (1996). The Computer Music Tutorial. MIT Press.
Roads, Curtis, Pope, Stephen Travis, Piccialli, Aldo and De Poli, Giovanni, eds (1997). Musical Signal Processing. Routledge.
Roads, Curtis and Strawn, John, eds (1987). Foundations of Computer Music. MIT Press.
Compositions
POINT LINE CLOUD (2005) @Asphodel (Excerpt @ youtube)
Half-life (1998–1999)
Clang-Tint (1991–1994)
nscor (1980)
References
External links
Artist page
Wired.com article by Eliot Van Buskirk Hear Curtis Roads' Subatomic Pop Symphonies (May 5 2008), accessed 16 February 2010
moderecords.com profile
Asphodel artist page
20th-century classical composers
American male classical composers
American classical composers
21st-century classical composers
Living people
University of California, San Diego alumni
Harvard University faculty
University of California, Santa Barbara faculty
Oberlin College faculty
21st-century American composers
1951 births
20th-century American composers
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
Rene Vasquez (born November 5, 1968), known by the stage name Peace 586 (and formerly MC Peace), is an American Christian hip hop producer and emcee. Their career began in the late 1980s, and has continued until the present.
As a beatmaker, who has also rapped, Peace 586 is best known for expressing their Christian faith. They have made a mark with their signature, sample-based production style and down-to-earth lyrical content. Their name is derived from the month and year that they became a Christian: May 1986.
Music career
Peace 586 was first known as "MC Peace" in the late 1980s, while recording with J.C. and the Boyz. Freedom of Soul was formed later, a partnership with DJ Cartoon (Victor Everett) that resulted in two albums (Caught in a Land of Time and The 2nd Comin'''), and considerable attention in the early 1990s. The development of Freedom of Soul's fan base was helped by the affiliation with other popular Christian hip-hop artists at the time, including: SFC (Soldiers for Christ), Dynamic Twins and I.D.O.L. King. Peace would eventually follow other pursuits in the mid-1990s, making way for more collaboration with emcees Theory & Jurny of LPG. They produced their landmark album, The Earthworm (1994), and becoming a member of the Tunnel Rats crew.
From that time on, they produced for the Tunnel Rats, along with their own solo projects starting with The Risen Son (1996). After a number of years, a new album was released via Sphereofhiphop (and later re-released on Uprok Records), simply titled 586 (2001). A markedly less-collaborative effort than their initial solo offering, which heavily featured the Tunnel Rats, 586 is said to have been largely produced and recorded in five days. The album Generations (2003) was thought to be a retirement from rap, and saw a reunion with musical peers from early on.
Their re-entry album, heAr (2009), marked a significant turn in their artistry. It was the first in a series of instrumental beat tapes to feature guest vocals by other MCs, with no rhymes from the artist himself. The following album, aBle, was released in 2010. aBle'' featured two songs ("The Battery" and "Children") that were indicative of a new recording project to be officially announced in February 2011, with Peace 586 on the beats and Jurny Big on the rhymes (together known as The Battery).
Collaborators
Peace has worked and/or collaborated with many artists throughout their career. Among them are: Ahmad (4th Avenue Jones'), Anointed (produced by Mario Winans), Ajax Starglider, Brainwash Projects, B-Twice, Clever MC, Crystal Lewis, Dert, Dynamic Twins, Gene Eugene, Freestyle Fellowship, Future Shock, I.D.O.L. King, The Innernationals, Jon Gibson, Jurny Big, LPG, Mass Reality, New Breed, P.I.D., Pigeon John, Propaganda, Raphi, RationaL, Remnant, Saturday Night Freestyle, Sev Statik, SFC, Timothy "rocdomz" Trudeau, Sojourn, Soup the Chemist, T-Bone and Zane.
External links
Official page on Illect.com
Holy Hip-Hop Database entry
References
Living people
1968 births
Performers of Christian hip hop music
Hip hop record producers
Musicians from New York City
Tunnel Rats (music group) members
The Festival Europäische Kirchenmusik (European Church Music Festival) (in short: EKM) is a German music festival held annually in July and August since 1989 in Schwäbisch Gmünd. The festival is attended by over 15,000 visitors each season. The programs include a musical repertoire from the Middle Ages to the present. In addition to international ensembles it showcases young talents. There are competitions for composition of sacred music and organ improvisation, commissioned works and world premieres. The festival has also given the Preis der Europäischen Kirchenmusik since 1999.
References
External links
Official site
Music festivals in Germany
1989 establishments in West Germany
Music in Baden-Württemberg
Christian music festivals
Music festivals established in 1989
Washington Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 1,841 people in the township, 1,474 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography
Located in the northwestern part of the county along the Maumee River, it borders the following townships:
Waterville Township, Lucas County - north
Middleton Township - northeast
Plain Township - southeast
Weston Township - southwest
Grand Rapids Township - west
Providence Township, Lucas County - northwest
The village of Tontogany is located in south central Washington Township, and the unincorporated community of Otsego lies in the township's northeast.
Name and history
Washington Township was established in 1837. It is one of forty-three Washington Townships in Ohio.
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees.
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County, Ohio
Townships in Ohio
The Mindanao blue fantail (Rhipidura superciliaris) is a species of bird in the family Rhipiduridae. It is one of 47 species in the genus Rhipidura.
It is endemic to the Philippines. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests. It was previously conspecific with the Visayan blue fantail.
References
Sánchez-González, L.A., and R.G. Moyle. 2011. Molecular systematic and species limits in the Philippine fantails (Aves: Rhipidura). Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 61: 290-299
Mindanao blue fantail
Birds of Mindanao
Mindanao blue fantail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Naya Shakti Party, Nepal (Nepali: नयाँ शक्ति पार्टी, नेपाल, translation: New Force Party, Nepal) was a democratic socialist political party in Nepal formed by former Prime Minister Baburam Bhattarai on 12 June 2016. On 6 May 2019, the party merged with Federal Socialist Forum, Nepal to form Samajbadi Party, Nepal.
History
Background
Baburam Bhattarai was a senior vice-chairperson of the Unified Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist) and was involved in the party for over two decades, including during the Nepalese Civil War. They became the Prime Minister of Nepal while a member of the UCPN (Maoist). As Prime Minister they dissolved the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly to pave the way for new elections. After the constitution of Nepal was promulgated on 25 September 2015 by the 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly they resigned from the newly formed Parliament of Nepal and quit their party to form their own political "force". On January 21, 2016 they announced the formation of the Naya Shakti Nepal Interim Central Council, which they said would develop into a political party. Finally on June 12, 2016 they announced the establishment of Naya Shakti Party, Nepal under their leadership. The party gained its first parliamentarian after the Tharuhat Tarai Party (Democratic) merged into the party on February 14. Following this Ganga Satuwa Chaudhary was announced as the parliamentary party leader of Naya Shakti.
Elections
The 2017 Nepalese local elections were the first major elections contested by the party. The party decided to run a joint campaign with Federal Socialist Forum, Nepal including the use of their election symbol. In the third phase the election however the two parties broke their alliance and Naya Shakti used their own election symbol. The party won 110 seats in the local government including two mayor or chairperson posts. On 13 October 2017, Naya Shakti Party along with the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre) and the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist-Leninist) announced the formation of an electoral alliance. The party however quit the alliance on 14 October 2017 citing differences with the two parties. The party then joined an alliance with Nepali Congress to contest the elections. In the legislative and provincial elections, the party won a single seat to the House of Representatives. The party also won three seats in provincial assemblies including one in Province No. 3 and two in Province No. 4. The party supported Nepali Congress candidate, Radhe Shyam Adhikari in the National Assembly elections on 6 February 2018. Naya Shakti Party along with Bibeksheel Sajha Party abstained from voting in the 2018 presidential and vice-presidential elections.
Ideology
Founder Baburam Bhattarai stated the main ideology of the party was Marxism. The party supported a presidential system of government with a proportionally elected parliament. They believed in strengthening the industrial capitalism and eventually developing it into socialism. The party also believed in taking "the workers", "the middle class" and "the national bourgeois class" together to ensure wholesome development. The party had stated support for gender rights, dalit rights and minority rights. It opposed careerism, which it sees as pervasive in modern Nepali politics, and had stated "good governance" as one of its platform goals.
Sister Organizations
Yuwa Shakti Nepal
Female Shakti Federation
Naya Shakti Student Union
Nepal Socialist Industrial Workers Union
Nepal Socialist Hotel and Casino Workers Union
International Nepalese Society (INS)
Electoral Performance
Presence in various provinces
See also
Socialist Party of Nepal
List of political parties in Nepal
Samajbadi Party, Nepal
References
External links
Official Website
2016 establishments in Nepal
2019 disestablishments in Nepal
Defunct socialist parties in Nepal
Democratic socialist parties in Asia
Marxist parties
Political parties disestablished in 2019
Political parties established in 2016
Ino Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control and water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 5.5 km2. The dam impounds about 23 ha of land when full and can store 5110 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1979 and completed in 2000.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
2000 establishments in Japan
The Centre for the History of the Book (CHB) was established in 1995 at The University of Edinburgh as an international and interdisciplinary centre for advanced research into all aspects of the material culture of the text - its production, circulation, and reception from manuscript to the electronic text.
Founded in 1995 by Bill Bell and Jonquil Bevan. Bell, who was director for almost two decades, was succeeded by Tom Mole. The CHB now serves a community over 30 members of staff across several university departments and is today an internationally recognised centre dedicated to the promotion of Bibliography and Book History.
As well as hosting international conferences and seminars, it provides a focus for a number of research projects, and facilitates postgraduate study in the field of the History of the Book.
Research
The centre has been involved in a number of research projects. These include the Edinburgh History of the Book in Scotland, a four-volume publication whose aim is to investigate the history of the production, circulation, and reception of Scottish texts from the earliest times to the present. The centre's director, Tom Mole, has edited The Broadview Book History Reader with Michelle Levy of Simon Fraser University. The reader reprints 33 key essays in the field, grouped conceptually and provided with headnotes, explanatory footnotes, an introduction, a chronology, and a glossary of terms.
Fellows
The CHB regularly hosts visiting fellows from other universities. Past fellows have included Richard Sher, Alexander Dick and others.
Events
Public Lectures
The CHB hosts an annual public lecture, which at different times has been sponsored by James Thin Booksellers and Blackwell UK. Past lecturers have included Asa Briggs, Lisa Jardine, Bamber Gascoigne, John Thompson, and Alberto Manguel.
Seminar Series
The CHB hosts a seminar series, which runs bi-weekly during the University of Edinburgh term.
Conferences
The CHB has organised a number of conferences, including the ‘Material Cultures' conferences in 2000, 2005 and 2010, where keynote speakers included Robert Darnton, Stephen Greenblatt and Roger Chartier. More recently, it has hosted some smaller conferences, including Creativity and Commerce in the Age of Print in 2014. In 2015, it hosted a pair of symposia in collaboration with Harvard University, called Books and/as New Media.
Teaching
The Centre provides training in Book History methods and approaches at all levels from undergraduate to postdoctoral.
Summer School
The Centre runs a Summer School course called ‘Book History for Beginners' through the University of Edinburgh's summer school programme. This course, taught in four modules on ‘print culture', ‘material texts', ‘publishing history' and ‘the future of the book', introduces students to the major debates in book history.
Master's Degree
The Centre runs an MSc in Book History and Material Culture. The programme comprises two core courses "Cultures of the Book" and "Working with Collections", plus an option course in each semester and the Research Methods course. The dissertation is researched and written over the summer. Students also have the option of undertaking work placements as part of the degree.
Doctoral Training
The centre received a grant in 2015 from the Scottish Graduate School for the Arts and Humanities to provide training workshops for doctoral students researching topics in the field of book history. These workshops are run in collaboration with Stirling University and the University of Dundee.
Books and/as New Media
In 2014, The Centre for the History of the Book won a grant from the College of Humanities and Social Sciences and the Institute for Advanced Study in the Humanities at the University of Edinburgh to foster new thinking about the history and future of the book. The CHB collaborated with scholars at Harvard University, the Interacting with Print Research Group at McGill University and the Literary Lab at Stanford University, on a pair of twinned symposia called ‘Books and/as New Media'. Speakers included Deidre Lynch, Anthony Grafton, Andrew Piper, Leah Price, and Kathryn Sutherland.
External links
Centre for the History of the Book web site
University of Edinburgh
University of Edinburgh
History of literature
1995 establishments in Scotland
History of books
Sergei "Seryoga" Sergeevich Naidin (, born 11 July 2001 in Barnaul, Altai Krai, Russia) is a Russian artistic gymnast.  They are the 2016 European Junior Pommel horse champion. On the national level, they are a two-time the 2016, 2018 Russian Junior National All-around champion.
Competitive history
Career
Junior
Naidin began gymnastics in 2006 in Barnaul. In 2014, they competed at the Russian Youth Games where they came in 1st in the all-around. At the "Hope of Russia" competition, they won the all-around, as well as finishing 1st on floor, rings, pommel horse, parallel bars, horizontal bar and 2nd in vault. In 2015, Naidin competed at the international junior gymnastics competition, the Yokohama Cup in Japan finishing 4th in horizontal bar and 5th on floor.
In 2016, Naidin won the 2016 Russian Junior National all-around title, they also took first place in floor, rings and pommel horse. On May 25–29, they competed at the 2016 European Junior Championships where Russia won silver in the team event. Naidin also finished 8th in the individual all-around final. They qualified in one apparatus final, where they won gold in pommel horse.
In 2017, after almost taking a one-year break in competitions related to an injury. Naidin returned to a national competition in June, at the Russian Youth Student Games "2017 Summer Spartakiada". On July 23–30, they competed at the 2017 European Youth Olympic Festival in Győr, Hungary where team Russia won gold (together with Yuri Busse and Aleksandr Kartsev). They finished 6th in the all-around and qualified to three apparatus finals, winning two gold medals in parallel bars and pommel horse, and bronze in rings. In September, Naidin competed at the Junior Japan International, finishing 12th in the all-around.
In 2018, Naidin competed for the qualifying competition in artistic gymnastics for the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics held in Baku, Azerbaijan, where they took silver in the all-around behind teammate Yuri Busse. On July 4–7, at the 2018 Russian Junior National Championships, Naidin defended their title and won the all-around gold ahead of Busse, in the event finals: they won gold medals in floor, pommel horse, parallel bars, silver in high bar and finished 7th in rings. They have received the title of Master of Sport of International Class in the Russian Federation.
At the 2018 Summer Youth Olympic Games they won the all-around silver medal behind Takeru Kitazono. After the all-around competition, their coach did not register them for the apparatus finals by mistake. The International Olympic Committee accepted their appeal and registered them as a ninth gymnast to compete in the apparatus finals. There they won a silver medal on pommel horse and bronze medals on floor and parallel bars. They could not compete in the horizontal bar final due to a back injury.
Naidin's favorite apparatus are the pommel horse, parallel bars and horizontal bar.
References
External links
Sergei Naidin profile
GymnasticsResults.com
Russian male artistic gymnasts
2001 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Barnaul
Gymnasts at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Mister Belgium Personality is the oldest national male beauty pageant in Belgium, responsible for selecting the country's representatives to Mister International, Men Universe Model and Manhunt International pageants. The organization established in 2013. Since 2014 it organizes national pageant Mister Belgium Personality. The winner expected to promote "Mister" (to be a-year long promotion carries themselves and appearances), "Model" (to become role model of their country), and "Personality" (to represent their strong and pleasant personality). The last winner is Fabio Ronti (Brussels).
Titleholders
(Semifinalist at Mister International or other pageants)
Community/region: (Capital), (Flanders), (Wallonia)
Withdrawal
Due to health problem, Karin Nyuts announced the official withdrawal of Fabio Ronti to participate at the Mister International 2014 in Seoul, South Korea.
See also
Miss Belgium
References
External links
Belgian awards
Recurring events established in 2003
2003 establishments in Belgium
Male beauty pageants
Beauty pageants in Belgium
55:15 Never Too Late is a 2021 Thai streaming series starring Korapat Kirdpan (Nanon), Kanyarat Ruangrung (Piploy), Thanawat Ratanakitpaisan (Khaotung), Kay Lertsittichai, Benyapa Jeenprasom (View), Wasu Saengsingkaeo (Jeep), Sinjai Plengpanich (Nok), Songsit Rungnopakunsi (Kob), Amarin Nitibhon and Kara Polasit.
Directed by Saranyu Jiralaksanakul, produced by Thai company GMMTV and distributed exclusively by Disney+ Hotstar for the first time, this series is one of the sixteen television series of the asupervisorstioned production company for 2021 during their "GMMTV 2021: The New Decade Begins" event on 3 December 2020. The series premiered on Hotstar on 6 December 2021 meanwhile, it will premier on GMM 25 on 5 January 2022 airing every Wednesdays and Thursdays at 20:30 ICT (8:30 pm) replacing Baker Boys' timeslot on GMM25. The official trailer of the series was released on 25 November 2021 by GMMTV, along with its official main casts and characters.
Synopsis
'55:15 Never Too Late' follows 5 characters, aged 55, who is a one day woke up and was their 15 year old selves. San, a professional voice actor; Jaya, a popular singer who gained popularity during the 1980s; Paul, owner of a bar; Amonthep a former boxer who now owns a boxing ring center, and Jarunee, a high school teacher. The five characters have a second chance to pursue their dreams, aspirations and more, by redoing their lives at the age of 15.
Will the five figure out what turned them back to 15 years old? and will they change back to 55?
Casts and characters
Main
Korapat Kirdpan (Nanon) as San (aged 15 years old)
Vasu Sangsingkeo (Jeep) as San (aged 55 years old)
Kanyarat Ruangrung (Piploy) as Jaya (aged 15 years old)
Sinjai Plengpanich (Nok) as Jaya (aged 55 years old)
Thanawat Ratanakitpaisan (Khaotung) as Songpol (aged 15 years old)
Songsit Roongnophakunsri (Kob) as Songpol (aged 55 years old)
Kay Lertsittichai as Amornthep (aged 15 years old)
Amarin Nitibhon as Amornthep(aged 55 years old)
Benyapa Jeenprasom (View) as Jarunee (aged 15 years old)
Kara Polasit as Jarunee (aged 55 years old)
Supporting
Grace Mahadumrongkul as Prim (aged 55 years old)
Krissana Sreadthatamrong (Tu)
Anusorn Maneeted (Yong) as Mathee
Luckana Siriwong (Bim)
Anuwan Jiranantawat
Michael Shaowanasai
Pahun Jiyacharoen (Marc)
Weerayut Chansook (Arm) as Bomb
Tawinan Anukoolprasert (Sea) as Pangpond
Pawin Kulkaranyawich (Win) as Pipu
Sureeyares Yakares (Pringkhing) as Noinae
Preeyaphat Lawsuwansiri (Earn) as Joom
Natthisarat Phongphanumaspaisarn (Mind)
Napasorn Weerayuttvilai (Puimek) as Prim (aged 15 years old)
Praekwan Phongskul (Bimbeam) as Kiki
Natthachai Sirinanthachot (Birth)
Guest
Sahaphap Wongratch (Mix) as Himself
Pirapat Watthanasetsiri (Earth) as Himself
Soundtracks
Reception
Thailand television ratings
In the table below, represents the lowest ratings and represents the highest ratings.
Based on the average audience share per episode.
References
External links
55:15 Never Too Late on Disney+ Hotstar
GMMTV
2021 Thai television series debuts
Disney+ Hotstar original programming
Television series by GMMTV
Thai drama television series
A rat is a rodent of the genus Rattus
Rat, RAT, or Rats may also refer to:
Places
Rat, Novi Travnik, a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Rat, Missouri, an unincorporated community
Rat Island (disambiguation)
Rat Islands, Alaska, United States
Rat Lake (Aitkin County, Minnesota), United States
Rat Lake (Cottonwood County, Minnesota), United States
Rat River (disambiguation)
People
Rat (Ned's Atomic Dustbin), a band member of Ned's Atomic Dustbin
Rats (footballer) (born 1977), nickname of former Angolan footballer Ambrósio Pascoal
Blek le Rat (born 1952), French graffiti artist
Răzvan Raț (born 1981), Romanian footballer
Vasiliy Rats (born 1961), Ukrainian footballer
Technology
Computing
Radio access technology
RATS (software), regression analysis of time series
Remote access trojan, malware
Other
De Rat, IJlst, a windmill
Ram air turbine
Rock Abrasion Tool, on Mars rovers
CL-70 RAT (Remote Articulated Track), Canadair vehicle
Rocket Assisted Torpedo, later named RUR-5 ASROC
Rapid antigen test, RAT
Arts and entertainment
Characters
Rat (Pearls Before Swine), in comic strip
Rat Rathbone, in Robert Muchamore's CHERUB series
Theodore Donald "Rat" Finch, computer hacker in The Core
Tunnel Rat (G.I. Joe)
Films
Rat (film), a 2000 Irish film
Rats (2016 film), a 2016 American documentary horror film
Rat, a 1998 documentary by Mark Lewis
Rats: Night of Terror, a 1984 Italian film
Music
Rats (album), 1994, by Sass Jordan
"Rats" (Pearl Jam song), from 1993 album Vs.
"Rats" (The Kinks song), 1970
"Rats", a song from the album Not Accepted Anywhere by The Automatics
"Rats" (Ghost song), 2018
Other
"Rat" (short story), by James Patrick Kelly
"Rats", an episode of The Protector
Rats!, a 1998 2D platform video game
Other uses
Rat (zodiac), sign of the Chinese zodiac
Rat or shoulder tender, a cut of beef
Rat, slang for what an informant does
Rat, a device for forming a hair bun
Pro Co RAT, a guitar distortion pedal
Rat (newspaper), New York City, US
Remote Associates Test of creativity potential
See also
The Rat (disambiguation)
The Rats (disambiguation)
Rât (disambiguation)
RAT test (disambiguation)
Raat (disambiguation)
Ratt (disambiguation)
RRAT, rotating radio transients
Lab rat (disambiguation)
Fred Small may refer to:
Fred Small (singer-songwriter) (born 1952), American singer-songwriter
Fred Small (American football) (1963–2003), American football player
See also
Frederick Small (died 1918), convicted murderer
Fred Smalls (born 1963), former American football linebacker
S. Frederick Small, better known as Daddy Freddy( born 1965), Jamaican ragga vocalist
Septimus James Hanna (July 29, 1845 – July 23, 1921), an American Civil War veteran and a judge in the Old West. They were a student of Mary Baker Eddy, who founded the Christian Science church. Giving up their legal career, they became a Christian Science practitioner, lecturer and teacher. Hanna occupied more leading positions within the church organization than any individual, serving as pastor, then First Reader of The Mother Church, as editor and associate editor of the periodicals, member of the Bible Lesson Committee, they served two terms as president of The Mother Church, they were teacher of the Normal (teachers) Class of 1907, later vice president and then president of the Massachusetts Metaphysical College.
Family background
Hanna's grandfather, Andrew Hanna, a Presbyterian from Scotland emigrated to the United States after the American Revolutionary War and bought land in Penns Valley in Pennsylvania. They served in the War of 1812 and was in a battle that was part of the Battle of Lake Erie. They married a daughter of James Cook, a Federalist once described as "a tall, dignified gentleman ... a man of large means." Hanna's father, Samuel Cook Hanna, a farmer, was born in 1808 in Centre County, Pennsylvania, and spent their boyhood there. Their father was an active member of the Methodist church and served as superintendent of the Sunday school. A history of the Spring Mills Sunday School noted about him, "His words were few and always spoken with gentleness, but their life had a power whose influence was deep and abiding."
Their mother, Susanna Miles, was descended from a Baptist family who came from Radnor, Wales, with William Penn in "Ye Good Shippe Welcome" to become among the earliest settlers of Philadelphia and was related to Samuel Miles, a militia general in the Revolutionary War, one of Philadelphia's early mayors and a judge of the High Court of Errors and Appeals. Their brother, Richard, a captain in the Revolutionary War, was Hanna' s grandfather.
Early years
Septimus J. Hanna was born one of ten children, to Susanna (née Miles) and Samuel Cook Hanna in Spring Mills, Pennsylvania on July 29, 1845. The family moved from Center County to Cochranton in Crawford County in western Pennsylvania. Their parents were of different religious backgrounds, Scottish-Presbyterian (his father) and Baptist (his mother). Together, they joined the Methodist Episcopal church, where they were active members.
They attended public school there and later, went to Meadville Academy. The onset of war prevented their further education. At the age of eighteen, Hanna enlisted as Stephen J. Hanna in Company H, 138th Illinois Volunteer Infantry, composed largely of soldiers of their own age. They were unanimously elected its captain during the last year of the Civil War.
Hanna resumed their education after the war, studying law. They were admitted to the Illinois bar in 1866. Later, they moved to Council Bluffs, Iowa, where on September 21, 1869, they married Camilla Turley, a daughter of a prominent citizen there. They began their law practice in Council Bluffs as part of the firm Sapp, Lyman, and Hanna. At the end of their first year, when they were 23, they were appointed judge of the County Court, then in Council Bluffs. They held the office one and a half years and later served as city attorney for several years. They also served as deputy United States district attorney.
Legal career (1872–1890)
In 1872, the offer of a partnership brought Hanna to Chicago, where they practiced law until late 1879, when failing health caused them to move to Colorado. Settling in the town of Leadville, they worked as a lawyer and register in the U.S. land office. They were register of the United States Land Office in Leadville from 1882 to 1886, after which they practiced law from 1886 to 1890. While in Iowa and Colorado, Hanna took an active interest in politics, supporting the Republican Party, then a young political party.
Hanna and their wife first heard of Christian Science in Leadville in 1885 when two of their friends in Council Bluffs said they were healed by it. Their wife, then a semi-invalid, began to look into the new religion. In 1886, they received a copy of the Christian Science textbook, which they studied and saw their health restored. This led Hanna to begin their own investigation of the religion. Their reading left them impressed with what they saw as its logic, but they were unable to grasp the book's meaning in its entirety. Although the drier Colorado climate had alleviated some of their health problems, they were not completely recovered. A woman living in New Hampshire helped them in Christian Science and they recovered, becoming so impressed with the experience, that they began a "systematic study" of the religion's textbook.
Career in Christian Science (1890–1921)
In 1890, after studying Christian Science about four years, Hanna left their legal practice to devote themselves to "the Cause of Christian Science", although they had no plan of how to proceed. In May 1890, there was a three-day meeting of Mary Baker Eddy's students held in New York City, the fifth annual meeting of the National Christian Science Association and the Hannas decided to attend. While there, Septimus Hanna was invited to take charge of a society of Christian Scientists in Scranton, Pennsylvania. After visiting Scranton, they accepted the invitation, marking the beginning of their career in Christian Science.
During this period, Hanna and their wife were invited to meet Eddy, then living in the Boston neighborhood of Roslindale. They were deeply impressed by their vitality and their spirituality, as well as their interest in world affairs. Speaking of them later in a lecture given in Malden, Massachusetts, Hanna said, "I can truthfully say that intellectually they are one of the most alert persons I have ever known; that they labor incessantly and unselfishly for the cause to which they have devoted their life, and that, notwithstanding their years, they perform an amount of labor each day which if known would seem incredible, even if done by one yet in the adolescence of life."
The Hannas worked in Scranton until autumn 1892, when Eddy appointed Septimus Hanna editor of the Christian Science Journal, and their wife assistant editor. A move to Boston followed.
Boston years
During the years the Hannas were in Boston, the church organization was taking shape and Hanna served in several key positions. In early 1893, in addition to editing the Journal, Hanna was called to become pastor of The Mother Church. They were also chosen by Eddy to read their address to the World's Parliament of Religions in Chicago. In 1894, the Bible and the Christian Science textbook were ordained as the "impersonal pastor"; with changes in the church service, Hanna became First Reader. In 1895, around the time the Manual of The Mother Church was published, Eddy wrote a letter to Hanna describing the work of establishing the by-laws that would govern the church, a portion of which was later published in their book Miscellaneous Writings and in the front of the Manual, before the table of contents.
Eddy was reported to have called them "morally statuesque" and in a letter to him, they called them "a born editor". In a letter to them just over two months later in April 1896, they questioned a proposed raise in their salary, fearing the increase could be a corrupting influence on their character. When a weekly periodical, the Christian Science Sentinel began publication in September 1898, Hanna's editorial duties were extended to include the Sentinel, as were those of their wife. Also, in 1898, Hanna was made vice-president of the Massachusetts Metaphysical College, when Eddy established a Board of Education to continue the work of the closed institution. When they taught their last class that same year, Hanna and their wife were invited to attend; both received "the degree of C.S.D." by Eddy.
They continued in these positions until 1902, when they became a member of the Board of Lectureship at Eddy's request. Their assigned region being in the western United States and a new church by-law setting a three-year term to the First Reader, Hanna resigned their other positions in June. Their wife resigned as well.
Later years
The Hannas decided to leave Boston and return to the west, moving to Colorado Springs, Colorado, which they thought would be a good central location for them in their work as a Christian Science lecturer.
Hanna's lectures were compared to legal arguments and to a judge's charge to a jury. They remained on the lecture circuit until 1914, lecturing in the United States, British Isles, and Canada.
In 1907, at Eddy's request, Hanna taught the "normal class", the course that trains new teachers of Christian Science. Hanna was the third person to teach the course, aside from Eddy herself. Aside from the few pupils they had taught in Scranton before moving to Boston, Hanna had not taught Christian Science and was surprised by the request and was initially uncertain about accepting the invitation. Their own first primary class was held the following year, in August 1908.
When Eddy died in 1910, Hanna, became president of the Massachusetts Metaphysical College. They were the only person to serve as president other than Eddy and was re-appointed president every year for the rest of their life.
In autumn 1911, they moved to Pasadena, California and built a house on the corner of Oakland Avenue and Fillmore Street. In 1914, Hanna resigned from the Board of Lectureship; they continued to conduct their annual primary class instruction and association meeting until their death in 1921. For many years, Judge Hanna was a member of the National Geographic Society.
Published writings (selected)
Editorial Christian Science Journal (September 1894)
"Healing Through Christian Science" Christian Science Journal (August 1896)
"The Absolute and the Relative" Christian Science Journal (December 1911)
See also
Edmund F. Burton
William D. McCrackan
William R. Rathvon
Notes
References
External links
List of lectures, including four by Judge Septimus J. Hanna, C.S.D. Christian Science Lectures
Biographical sketch and portraits of the Hannas Longyear Museum
The Mount - Extracts from a sermon delivered by Judge Hanna in Chickering Hall, Boston in 1891
1845 births
1921 deaths
People from Centre County, Pennsylvania
American people of Scottish descent
American Christian Scientists
American Christian religious leaders
Christian Science writers
History of Christianity in the United States
Converts to Christian Science from Methodism
4-Ethylamphetamine (4-EA) is a substituted amphetamine derivative which has been sold as a designer drug. It is mainly known as a synthetic intermediate used as a building block to manufacture larger molecules, but 4-EA is closely related in chemical structure to designer drugs such as 4-methylamphetamine and 4-ethylmethcathinone, and is both a synthetic precursor and a metabolite of the 25-NB derivative 4-EA-NBOMe.
See also
25E-NBOMe
4-Et-PVP
Amfepentorex
DOET
RTI-83
References
Substituted amphetamines
Meindert van Buuren, Jr. (born 5 January 1995) is a Dutch former racing driver, who currently resides in Rockanje.
Career
Karting
Van Buuren began karting in 2004 at the age of nine and raced mostly in various Dutch championships, working their way up from the junior ranks to progress through to the Rotax Max DD2 category by 2011, when they finished in fourth position in the Rotax Max Wintercup.
Formula Renault 2.0
2011 saw their début in the Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup championship with Van Amersfoort Racing. Van Buuren finished 21st in the championship, despite missing the final round of the championship, at Monza. They also contested four rounds of the Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0, but only finished one race inside the top twenty placings.
They remained in both series for the 2012 season, but switched to Manor MP Motorsport. They improved to eleventh position in the NEC series, while in the Eurocup, they recorded four top-twenty finishes.
Auto GP
Van Buuren continued their collaboration with Manor MP Motorsport into the Auto GP in 2013. They finished ninth in the drivers' standings with a podium at Donington Park and another nine point-scoring finishes.
Formula Renault 3.5 Series
In 2014, Van Buuren will graduate to the Formula Renault 3.5 Series, joining Pons Racing.
Racing record
Career summary
† As van Buuren was a guest driver, they were ineligible to score points.
Complete Auto GP results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete Formula Renault 3.5 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete GP2 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Dutch racing drivers
Auto GP drivers
Formula Renault Eurocup drivers
World Series Formula V8 3.5 drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 NEC drivers
People from Westvoorne
GP2 Series drivers
Van Amersfoort Racing drivers
MP Motorsport drivers
Manor Motorsport drivers
Pons Racing drivers
Charouz Racing System drivers
Sportspeople from South Holland
KTR drivers
The Château d'Avranches was a castle in Avranches, Manche, France.
A castle has existed at Avranches since the 10th century. It was besieged by Francis I, Duke of Brittany, and Arthur de Richemont, with the English garrison surrendering on 12 May 1450. All that remains of it is a portion of the ramparts.
References
Michel Hébert et André Gervaise. Châteaux et Manoirs de la Manche. Condé-sur-Noireau, Éditions Charles Corlet, 2003 ()
Castles in Manche
Cecidipta teffealis is a species of snout moth in the genus Cecidipta. It was described by Schaus in 1922, and is known from Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1922
Epipaschiinae
Thomas Wallstab (born 29 January 1968) is a German racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1968 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
German male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Germany
Place of birth missing (living people)
Epacris moscaliana, commonly known as seepage heath,<ref name="dpipwe">{{cite web |title=Epacris moscaliana |url=https://nre.tas.gov.au/Documents/Epacris-moscaliana-listing-statement.pdf |publisher=Tasmanian Government Department of Primary Industries, Parks, Water and the Environment |access-date=14 June 2022}}</ref> is a species of flowering plant in the heath family Ericaceae and is endemic to Tasmania. It is a bushy shrub with wand-like branches, narrowly lance-shaped to egg-shaped or round leaves, and bell-shaped white flowers in clusters at the ends of the branches.
DescriptionEpacris moscaliana is a bushy shrub that typically grows to a height of up to , sometimes up to in sheltered sites, and has wand-like branches. Its leaves are narrowly lance-shaped to egg-shaped or round, long and wide on a petiole up to half the length of the leaf blade. The flowers are arranged in small clusters near the ends of branches with egg-shaped pinkish bracts at the base. The five sepals are tinged with pink, egg-shaped and long. The petals are white, joined at the base to form a bell-shaped tube long with five lobes that are longer than the tube. The style and anthers extend well beyond the end of the tube.
Taxonomy and namingEpacris moscaliana was first formally described in 1995 by R.K.Crowden in the journal Muelleria from specimens they collected in 2003 near the Dukes River in north-eastern Tasmania. The specific epithet (moscaliana) honours the plant collector, Tony Moscal.
Distribution and habitat
Seepage heath grows in marsh edges and on the edges of watercourses in north-eastern Tasmania.
Conservation statusEpacris moscaliana is listed as "rare" under the Tasmanian Government Threatened Species Protection Act 1995. The main threats to the species are land clearing and weed invasion, inappropriate fire regimes and disease caused by Phytophthora cinnamomi''.
References
moscalina
Ericales of Australia
Flora of Tasmania
Plants described in 2007
Endemic flora of Australia
Borów (, Boriv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gorzków, south-west of Krasnystaw, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Krasnystaw County
The Valley of Hell is a 1927 American silent Western film directed by Clifford Smith.
Only 2 reels survive of this film at George Eastman House.
Plot
In the Old West, a dashing hero saves a girl from bandits.
Cast
Francis McDonald - Creighton Steele
Edna Murphy - Mary Calvert
William Steele - James Brady
References
External links
AllMovie.com
1927 films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
American black-and-white films
1927 Western (genre) films
Lost Western (genre) films
Lost American films
Films directed by Clifford Smith
1927 lost films
Silent American Western (genre) films
1920s American films
The Constitutional Court of Kyrgyzstan was formerly the highest court of Kyrgyzstan's legal system. It judges on the constitutionality of laws and is composed of nine judges. Critics argue that its politically charged judgement such as allowing President Akayev to re-run for President despite the Presidency being limited by term limits are evidence of a lack of judicial independence. The Constitutional Court was abolished in 2010 with the adoption of the new Constitution and its powers transferred to the Supreme Court.
See also
Courts of Kyrgyzstan
References
Judiciary of Kyrgyzstan
The livestreaming of crimes is a phenomenon in which people live stream criminal acts. Due to the fact publishing to social media is done with the intent of others viewing the published materials, it is often impossible to protect the privacy of the victims or people involved.
History
In April 2016, Marina Lonina, age 18; and Raymond Gates, age 29, were arrested in Ohio, US on charges that Gates raped an underage friend of Lonina's while Lonina live streamed the crime on Periscope. The prosecutor pointed out that Lonina, who was taken advantage of by a much older man, had become "caught up" in their excitement over the number of "likes" they were getting, and is shown on screen "laughing and giggling". Joss Wright of the Oxford Internet Institute pointed out that, given the "volume of content being created and uploaded every day, [there] is almost no practical way to prevent content like this being uploaded and shared".
By May, The New York Times was including the Ohio Periscope rape as one of a series of recent cases in which crimes were live streamed. These included one in which a young woman in Égly, France, speaks via Periscope about their distress and suicidal thoughts and is apparently encouraged by viewers to kill herself, which they do by throwing themselves under a train. Also included was the case of two teenagers who live stream themselves bragging and laughing as they beat up a drunken man in a bar in Bordeaux, France.
Types
Cybersex trafficking
Cybersex trafficking, also referred to as live streaming sexual abuse, involves sex trafficking and the live streaming of coerced sexual abuse and or rape on webcam. Victims are abducted, threatened, or deceived and transferred to "cybersex dens". The dens can be in any location where the cybersex traffickers have a computer, tablet, or phone with Internet connection. Perpetrators use social media networks, videoconferences, pornographic video sharing websites, dating pages, online chat rooms, apps, dark web sites, and other platforms. They use online payment systems and cryptocurrencies to hide their identities. Millions of reports of its occurrence are sent to authorities annually. New laws and police procedures are needed to combat this type of cybercrime.
Instances
2008
8 June: A bystander livestreamed the Akihabara massacre on Ustream, attracting an audience of 2000 viewers. Another user also used Ustream to livestream the massacre's aftermath, including police and public response.
2016
1 August: Korryn Gaines of Randallstown, Maryland livestreamed their actions on Facebook and Instagram as they resisted arrest and started an armed standoff with the police, which ended with Gaines being fatally shot and their 5-year old son sustaining injuries to their face and arm after being hit by stray bullets.
2017
3 January: A torture incident in Chicago, in which a man with a mental disability in Chicago, Illinois, US was filmed being physically and verbally abused by four African American individuals (two men and two women). The torture was live streamed by one of the women on Facebook and sparked massive controversy.
Early January: An American woman taped their toddler to the wall and live streamed it on Facebook Live.
21 January: In Uppsala, Sweden, two Afghan immigrants and one Swedish citizen live streamed the gang rape of a woman on Facebook.
24 April: A Thai man killed their infant daughter before committing suicide.
2019
15 March: Two mass shootings occurred at the Al Noor Mosque and the Linwood Islamic Centre in Christchurch, New Zealand, where 51 people were killed and 40 were injured by an Australian terrorist. The first attack was live streamed by the shooter on Facebook Live for 17 minutes, and has been described by New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern "to be one of the darkest days in New Zealand history". Following the shootings, Facebook announced restrictions on Facebook Live on those who posted violent extremist material.
22 March: A stabbing incident in Saint Joseph's Oratory in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, was captured on a live stream by Salt + Light Television.
9 October: A shooting near a synagogue and kebab restaurant in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany resulted in two dead and two others injured by the attacker; the attack was livestreamed on Twitch.
29 December: A gunman opened fire at the West Freeway Church of Christ in White Settlement, Texas, US fatally shooting two people before they were shot and killed by an armed member of the congregation. The shooting was live streamed on YouTube because the church live streamed its services.
2020
8 February: Thai Army Sergeant Jakrapanth Thomma killed 30 and wounded 57 people in a mass shooting in Thailand. A portion of the shooting at the Terminal 21 Korat mall was live-streamed by the perpetrator on Facebook Live.
20 May: The shooting at the Westgate Entertainment District in Glendale, Arizona, US where three people were wounded, was live streamed by the perpetrator on Snapchat.
2021
6 January: Far-right personality Anthime Gionet, better known as "Baked Alaska", took part in the storming of the U.S. Capitol and livestreamed the event on DLive.
23 March: A man shot and killed 10 people in a mass shooting in Boulder, Colorado, US. A portion of the shooting at a King Soopers supermarket was live-streamed on YouTube by a bystander.
19 August: A 15-year-old student livestreamed themselves via Twitch stabbing a faculty member at their secondary school in Eslöv, Sweden. The attacker used a head-mounted camera on a helmet to livestream the attack and wore body armour similar to Brenton Tarrant, who they had quoted in their manifesto.
August 20: 19-year-old Aidan Ingalls shot a man to death and critically injured their wife on the South Haven Pier in South Haven, Michigan. Ingalls then aimed their gunfire towards beach goers, a boat and a jet skier. Ingalls missed all of their shots targeting them, but clipped the jet ski before turning the gun on themselves halfway down the pier. The entire shooting lasted around a minute and was captured on WWMT's camera, which was being live-streamed on youtube. The clip from the stream has since been wiped from the internet.
2022
15 January: An armed gunman took multiple people hostage at Congregation Beth Israel, a Jewish synagogue in Colleyville, Texas, United States. A portion of the hostage-taking was livestreamed on the synagogue's Facebook account.
14 May: 10 people were killed by a gunman, who was livestreaming the shooting on Twitch, inside and in the parking lot of the Tops Friendly Markets in Buffalo, New York, US.
7 September: During a shooting spree in Memphis, Tennessee, a gunman live-streamed themselves on Facebook Live entering an AutoZone store and critically wounding an employee.
See also
Beheading video
Christchurch Call to Action Summit
Hurtcore
Shooting of Robert Godwin, a 2017 case in which a video of the crime was posted online (but not live streamed) by the perpetrator
Snuff film
References
External links
Why rising numbers of criminals are using Facebook Live to film their acts
Crimes
Dark web
Filmed killings
Violence
Selaginella watsonii is a species of spikemoss known by the common name Watson's spikemoss. It is native to the western United States, where it grows in many rocky habitat types, including high mountain peaks in alpine climates. This lycophyte forms mats or cushions of short, forking stems. They are lined with linear or lance-shaped leaves no more than 4 millimeters long, often tipped with tiny bristles. The strobili containing the reproductive structures are 1 to 3 centimeters long.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Photo gallery
watsonii
Flora of North America
Guinea competed at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar from 27 September to 6 October 2019.
Results
Men
Track and road events
References
Guinea
World Championships in Athletics
2019
Malo Ruvci is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 22 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 22
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
"The State" is a fictional totalitarian world government in a future history that forms the back-story of three of Larry Niven's novels: A World Out of Time (1976), The Integral Trees (1984), and The Smoke Ring (1987). It is also the setting of two short stories, "Rammer" (which became the first chapter of A World Out of Time) and "The Kiteman" (printed in N-Space) as well as a stalled fourth novel, The Ghost Ships. After several years in development, Niven announced that The Ghost Ships would never be made, and wrote The Ringworld Throne instead. The novel would have focused on a race of self-aware natural Bussard ramjets birthed in the supernova that created Levoy's Star and were returning to their place of birth to mate. According to Playgrounds of the Mind, Kendy and the kite-fliers from "The Kiteman" would have returned also.
Bibliography
Works set in the fictional universe "The State".
“Rammer” (1971 short story incorporated into A World Out of Time)
“Down and Out” (1976 short story incorporated into A World Out of Time)
“The Children of the State” (1976 serial novella incorporated into A World Out of Time)
A World Out of Time (1976 fix-up novel)
The Integral Trees (1984 novel)
The Smoke Ring (1987 novel)
“The Kiteman” (1990 short story collected in N-Space)
The Ghost Ships (cancelled novel)
Overview
Most information regarding the State comes from A World Out of Time, including a brief overview of its formation in the aftermath of two global brush-fire wars. The precise timeframe the State occupies is not defined. In A World Out of Time, the State exists as of 2190; Kendy notes that the State was established 455 years before Discipline reached the Smoke Ring (which itself was 512 years before The Integral Trees, 532 years before The Smoke Ring, and 580 years before "The Kiteman"). It rules over an extremely crowded world, in which privacy is no longer a concept. Religion (or at any rate Christianity) is apparently no longer in practice, as a corpsicle on the Discipline is noted as having to explain to others what a Christmas wreath is. A comment from Kendy in The Smoke Ring indicates that the State abolished capitalism when it was established. In The Smoke Ring Kendy also states that as of the time when Discipline left Earth, the State had colonized all ten planets of the Solar System, thirty moons, and hundreds of asteroids, with twenty-eight extrasolar worlds in the process of terraforming. According to Niven, The Ghost Ships would have revealed that the State had split into two factions, the Inner State based in the Solar System and the Outer State based on the extrasolar colony worlds, which would have featured in the novel. This is also implied by a graphic presentation in A World Out Of Time, which the protagonist interprets as showing a distinction between "people, like us" (the Inner State) and "not people, not like us" (the colonies).
The State employs fusion-assisted interstellar spaceflight and technologies that enable personalities to be transferred chemically from one body to another. It may transfer personalities extracted from medically unsalvageable bodies of "corpsicles" frozen in the past to mindwiped criminals to use them as agents in circumstances where their free-thinking skills can still be useful to the State, such as in piloting ramships to other stars. The State has also perfected the storage of human personalities within AI systems, and can install copies of the personalities of "checkers" loyal to the State into the ramships' control computers, in order to keep a watch on potentially disloyal revived corpsicles.
The temporal dilation of the novel permits the protagonist of A World Out of Time a view of the State in several widely spaced time periods, over three million years. They describe it to their AI minder as a hydraulic empire, accounting for its very long life and stability. They claim that hydraulic empires only fall to barbarians from outside - but there is nothing "outside" of the State, which encompasses all of human civilization. It is eventually revealed that the State created its own "barbarians" by establishing colonies in other systems.
A World Out of Time was nominated for a Locus Award in 1977, and The Integral Trees won a Locus Award in 1985.
References
Future history
Fictional governments
Works by Larry Niven
Tabarteh () is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,064, in 251 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Aipysurus tenuis, also known as the Arafura sea snake, Mjoberg's sea snake or brown-lined sea snake, is a species of venomous snake in the family Elapidae that is native to Australia. The specific epithet tenuis (“slender”) refers to the snake's appearance.
Description
The species grows to an average of about 130 cm in length. It is long and slim, with a small brown head and a pale body.
Behaviour
The species is viviparous.
Distribution
The snake is found in marine waters off the north-west coast of Western Australia, from near Dampier to Broome, and in the Arafura Sea. The type locality is Cape Jaubert, near Broome.
References
tenuis
Snakes of Australia
Taxa named by Einar Lönnberg
Taxa named by Lars Gabriel Andersson
Reptiles described in 1913
Bisso Na Bisso () is a music collective of rappers and singers with origins from Congo Brazzaville formed in 1999. The group consisting of Ben-J (from Les Neg'Marrons), Lino and Calbo (from the group Ärsenik), Doc and G Kill (from 2Bal), Mystik and the only female M'Passi was put together by French rapper Passi.
The group created an album called Racines which means 'Roots' in French. The album contained a fusion of hip hop with African rhythms and sounds like rumba, zouk and soukous giving it a unique and distinctive flavour. The album also featured collaborations with prominent African musicians of the time like Koffi Olomide, Papa Wemba, Ismael Lo, Kassav and Monique Seka.
Many French rappers such as those that comprise the group Bisso Na Bisso, describe their desire to both foster solidarity among Blacks and demonstrate their pride in Africa, while simultaneously acknowledging their roots in an Urban French context. This identity struggle represented in French rap music is further complicated by the fact that black rappers in France struggle to create a presence in the film industry and on television where French Blacks receive little exposure and being white opens doors to many more opportunities. Rappers report their feelings of disconnect from both their homelands and from their present homes where they are unable to adequately use the media to portray the inequality in French society.
Bisso Na Bisso have spent much energy providing humanitarian aid to the Congo and other African countries, including while they are touring.
In addition to their humanitarian aide, they have been vocal in their criticism of Africa politics. In 'Dans la peau d'un chef,' they criticize the corruption of the government with lines like 'I pray for the development of my country that is falling into decay/believe me I swear to gorge myself...'
In 1999 they won three Kora Awards in the categories the best arrangement, best group and best video clip.
Members
DOC TMC (Landry Mahoukou) 2 Ball 'Niggets (member of the collective Ménage à 3 and ex-2 Ball 2 Neg) until their imprisonment in 1999 (sentenced until 2014, they were released in January 2006)
G-Kill (Frederic Mahoukou) 2 Ball 'Niggets (member of the collective Ménage à 3 and ex-2 Ball 2 Neg)
Lino (Gaëlino M'Bani), Ärsenik
Calbo (Calboni M'Bani), Ärsenik
Ben-J (Fabien Loubayi), Neg' Marrons
Mystik (Gyslain Loussingui)
M'Passi, Melgroove (cousin of Passi)
Passi Balende
Much of their music entails collaboration with many celebrated artists within the genres of Ndombolo and Soukous (formerly known as Congolese Rumba). These artists include, but are not limit to, Papa Wemba, Lokua Kanza, and Koffi Olomidé. Other collaborations include Franklin Boukaka (1940-1972), a Congolese artist. These collaborations reach deep into the heritage of African descent and call upon a new style that incorporates the French culture with its African roots.
Discography
Music videos
2009 : "Show ce soir" (directed by J.G Biggs)
References
External links
Amazon listing
Translated version of the Bisso Na Bisso home page
The "Lost Generation"
French rappers
Republic of the Congo rappers
Baddinsgill Reservoir is a small reservoir in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland close to Carlops, West Linton, and the boundary with Midlothian. It is close to Baddinsgill House. The Lyne Water is dammed to form the reservoir, not the Baddinsgill Burn, which joins the Lyne Water further south, below the reservoir. The earth dam was faced with concrete blocks. In time these eroded and they were capped with of tarmac.
See also
List of places in the Scottish Borders
List of reservoirs and dams in the United Kingdom
List of places in Scotland
Fruid Reservoir
Megget Reservoir
Talla Reservoir
Westwater Reservoir
References
External links
Gazetteer for Scotland: Baddinsgill
Geograph image: Baddinsgill Reservoir
Geograph image: Baddinsgill Dam
Repair of Baddinsgill Reservoir by Hesselberg Hydro
Reservoirs in the Scottish Borders
Beer in Japan mostly comes from the country's four major breweries, Asahi, Kirin, Sapporo and Suntory, which mainly produce pale lagers around 5% ABV. Beer is immensely popular, far ahead of sake consumption.
As well as Pilsner style lagers, the most commonly produced beer style in Japan, beer-like beverages made with lower levels of malt, called happoshu (literally, "bubbly alcohol") or non-malt , have captured a large part of the market, as tax is substantially lower on these products.
Microbreweries have also become increasing popular since deregulation in 1994, supplying distinct tasting beers in a variety of styles that seek to match the emphasis on craftsmanship, quality, and ingredient provenance often associated with Japanese food.
Craft beer bars and pubs are also popular in Japan's major cities, with Tokyo and Osaka having vibrant craft beer scenes, generally with a focus on locally produced and imported beers from the US and Europe. In 2014, Kirin entered the craft beer market with the launch of a wholly owned subsidiary, Spring Valley Brewing, and two brewpubs in Daikanyama, Tokyo, and Namamugi, Yokohama, which opened in 2015. Industrial brewery Sapporo also released a craft line in 2015.
History
Although the tradition of sake brewing long pre-dates European contact, beer is thought to have been first introduced to Japan in the 17th century during the Edo period by Dutch traders. However, beer was not widely available until the end of the 19th century, with the signing of the Treaty of Kanagawa in 1854 opening Japan to foreign trade.
As Japan reopened to foreign trade during the Meiji period, imported beers such as Bass Pale Ale and Bass Stout were available in limited quantities in the foreign settlements, but trained brewers from Europe and elsewhere also arrived to contribute to the growth of the local industry.
The brewery that would become Kirin Brewery Company began in Yokohama in late 1869 as the Spring Valley Brewery, a private business established by Norwegian-American, William Copeland. The Sapporo Brewery was founded in 1876 as a part of a government-directed development plan for Hokkaido. Asahi Breweries traces its founding heritage to the start of the Osaka Beer Brewing Company in 1889, and the launch of the Asahi Beer brand in 1892.
Market size
Beer (and beer-like happoshu) are the most popular alcoholic drink in Japan, accounting for nearly two thirds of the 9 billion liters of alcohol consumed in 2006.
Japan's domestic consumption of the total 187.37 million kiloliter global beer market in 2012 was about 5.55 million kiloliters or about 3.0%. This statistic for total beer consumption in Japan also includes the beer-like happoshu.
In terms of national per capita beer consumption Japan ranked 51st in 2014, equivalent to 42.6 liters per person, reflecting the diversified alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverage market enjoyed by Japanese consumers. Demographic factors are expected to continue to push down sales of mass-market beer products in Japan for the foreseeable future as younger consumers are drinking less beer than previous generations. For the calendar year 2013, overall shipments for Japan's five largest brewers were 433.57 million cases, (a case is equivalent to 12.66 liters of beer or 27 US pints) more than 20% off the market peak achieved in 1992.
However, for locally produced craft beers accounting for less than 1% of domestic beer consumption and selected premium imported beers, market opportunities continue to expand. According to local market data, in the first eight months of 2012, shipments of domestic craft beer rose 7.7 percent while sales by Japan's largest brewers continued a year on year decline.
As of January 2014, Asahi, with a 38% market share, was the largest of the four major beer producers in Japan followed by Kirin with 35% and Suntory with 15%.
Beer vs. happoshu
Brewed alcoholic beverages in Japan are labelled and taxed according to their malt content (i.e., amount of alcohol derived from malted grains): legally, must have at least 50% malt, while beverages with less malt are collectively called .
Happoshu (also translated as "low-malt beer") is taxed less than beer, and thus has appeal to the consumer. Beverages with less than 25% malt or no malt at all are often called , or , in reference to their even lower tax, despite not being labelled beer as such. To replace the highly taxed malt, brewers have developed innovative sources of starch and sugar to be fermented into alcohol not commonly used as brewing adjuncts elsewhere, including soy peptides and pea protein.
A tax law revision that went into effect in 2018 lowered the malt requirement for the beer category, allowed more ingredients in beer, and introduced a plan to have beer and happoshu taxed at the same rates in 2026. This erosion of happoshu favorable tax rate "may in the long run favor traditional beer". Before 2018, the beer requirement was 67% malt.
Major beer producers
Asahi Breweries
Kirin Company
Sapporo Brewery
Suntory
Orion Breweries
Dry Wars
The Dry Senso or ドライ戦争 (どらいせんそう, dorai sensō) meaning Dry Wars, was a period of intense competition between Japanese brewery companies over dry beer. It began in 1987 with the launch of Asahi Super Dry by Asahi Breweries which led to the introduction of dry beer by other breweries.
The Kirin Brewery Company, which held 50% share of the Japanese domestic beer market, launched Kirin Dry in February 1988 in an advertising campaign featuring actor Gene Hackman, and in April of the same year launched the all-malt Kirin Malt Dry. However, they were unable to stop Asahi's momentum. In 1990 Kirin launched Ichiban Shibori in direct competition with Asahi Super Dry, but ended up cannibalising profits on their own Kirin Lager Beer brand. Kirin never ended up regaining its 50% market share.
Sapporo Breweries launched the doomed Sapporo Dry in February 1988, and in May 1989 rebranded their flagship product Sapporo Black Label as Sapporo Draft to an unfavourable reception. Production of Sapporo Dry and Sapporo Draft was halted less than two years after their respective launches, and Sapporo Draft later returned to being Black Label.
Suntory launched their Malts brand in February 1988 in an "I don't do dry" campaign, while at the same time launching Suntory Dry, later rebranded Suntory Dry 5.5 in an advertising campaign featuring boxer Mike Tyson after increasing the alcohol content from 5% to 5.5%. This achieved reasonable results, although not enough to slow down demand of Asahi Super Dry.
The Dry Wars were criticised in an episode of the manga Oishinbo (the Gourmet), published at around the same time.
Seasonal beers
Many breweries in Japan offer seasonal beers. In autumn, for instance, "autumn beers" are brewed with a higher alcohol content, typically 6% as opposed to the common 5% of Asahi Super Dry. For example, Kirin's Akiaji beer. The beer cans are typically decorated with pictures of autumn leaves, and the beers are advertised as being suitable for drinking with nabemono (one-pot cooking). Similarly, in winter, beers such as 冬物語 or Fuyu Monogatari (ふゆものがたり, translated as "The Winter's Tale" on the can) appear.
Microbreweries
In 1994, Japan's strict tax laws were relaxed allowing smaller breweries producing 60,000 litres (15,850 gal) per year for a beer license or 6000 litres per year for a happoshu license. Before this change, breweries could not get a license without producing at least 2 million litres (528,000 gal) per year. As a result, a number of smaller breweries have been established throughout Japan.
After of relaxation of tax laws in the early 1990s, the commonly used term for microbrew in Japan was , or "local beer", although Japanese microbrew industry professionals are increasingly using the name in their labels and marketing literature.
There are currently over 200 microbreweries in Japan, although many in this number are financially tied to larger sake producers, restaurant chains, resort hotels or similar. Microbreweries in Japan produce various styles of beer including ales, IPAs, stout, pilsner, weissbier, kölsch, fruit beers and others. After the relaxation of the Liquor Tax Law in 1994, there was an initial boom in microbrewing, but the quality of regional microbrews were often mixed and initial consumer enthusiasm leveled off. The popularity of low-cost happoshu (low-malt beer), compared to the high-cost microbrews, forced a number of early microbreweries out of business. The dominance of the major industrial brewers and the relative high cost and low volume involved in producing micros led to their only being known to a small number of beer enthusiasts.
In the 2000s however, thanks to factors such as licensed production for some bar and restaurant chains, cooperation between micro breweries, and a more educated consumer base, craft beer has seen a more sustained rise in domestic demand. Improved product quality, word of mouth marketing facilitated by social media websites, the attention given to the rise of US-based craft brewing industry and the growth of independent craft beer retail outlets in major cities, have all contributed to the recent success enjoyed by Japanese craft brewers.
Today there are a growing number of regional microbrew festivals held throughout Japan, including the Great Japan Beer Festival series held annually in Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Yokohama. Every year, the Japan Craft Beer Association holds the Japan Beer Cup, whiles a competing organization, Japan Craft Beer Support, has launched the annual Nippon Craft Beer Festival.
Notable microbreweries
Kiuchi Brewery
Yo-Ho Brewing
Methods of distribution
Other than in serviced restaurants and bars, in Japan beer can be purchased at a wide variety of outlets, including supermarkets, convenience stores, and kiosks at train stations. Beer can also be sold in vending machines although, as of 2012, this has become much less common in major cities. Some vending machines have motion activated advertising that displays on small TV screens embedded into them. They play beer commercials and jingles that are seen on TV and heard on the radio. These vending machines began to be phased out in June 2000, mainly over concerns of underage drinking.
Drinking culture
The legal drinking age in Japan is 20 years old. In terms of drinking culture, beer drinking and opening formal toasts with beer, as a part of a group, sports team or after-work corporate social bonding activity, is widespread.
Beer can legally be consumed almost anywhere in public, with notable exceptions for organized events, summer festivals and spring cherry blossom parties. Social convention means that open consumption of alcohol on the street or ordinary commuter trains is rare. Japan has very strict laws against operating a motor vehicle or riding a bicycle during or after the consumption of alcohol. Fines, prison time and other penalties can also apply to individuals deemed responsible for supplying alcohol to an intoxicated driver and those traveling in the same vehicle.
Japanese beers available outside Japan
Japanese-style commercial brewing and beer products have been successfully exported worldwide or are produced locally under license and are distributed in a number of overseas markets.
In the US, three of the four major Japanese brands are available. These include Sapporo Draft, Kirin Ichiban (Number One, as opposed to the normal Lager which is not available), and Asahi Super Dry. Asahi is produced by Molson in Canada, Kirin is produced at Anheuser-Busch facilities in Williamsburg, Virginia and Los Angeles, and Sapporo is produced at a Sapporo-owned brewery in Guelph, Ontario, Canada. Suntory beer is not available. Orion Beer is also available, imported from Okinawa Prefecture. Availability of brands depends on an individual state's liquor laws, resulting in some beers being available in some places and others not. For example, in Oklahoma, Asahi Super Dry, Sapporo, and Orion are available, whereas in Texas, Kirin Ichiban is prevalent.
Kiuchi brewery was the first Japanese microbrewery to export beer from Japan. Many other Japanese microbreweries now export to North America, Europe, Australia, Singapore, and Hong Kong.
Homebrewing
Although it is technically illegal in Japan to produce beverages containing more than 1% alcohol without a license, the law is rarely adhered to for homebrewers, and homebrewing supplies are available from high street stores and websites.
See also
Beer and breweries by region
Happoshu
References
External links
Directory of Japanese Brewers (RateBeer.com)
A list of notable Ecuadorian musicians across all fields of music. The list is ordered in alphabetical order by surname and first name as given by the Ecuadorian dictionary of biography:
B
Bonilla Chávez, Carlos (classical guitarist)
Brescia, Domingo
Bueno Arévalo Julio Fernando
C
Leonardo Cárdenas
Christopher Velez
E
Espín Yépez, Enrique
G
Guevara Viteri Luis Gerardo
Olga Gutiérrez (1928–2015), pasillo singer
Daniela Guzmán
I
Silvana Ibarra (born 1959), singer, actor, and politician
J
Juan Fernando Velasco
L
Lila Álvarez Garcia
M
Maiguashca Guevara, Mesías Declory
R
Rodas Dávila, Arturo - composer
S
Saade, Jorge - violinist
Salgado Torres Luis Humberto - composer
V
Villalba Jervis, María Gabriela
References
Ecuador
Musicians
Waldstetten is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Jozef Martin Boey (also spelled Josef, 16 May 1934 – 28 February 2016) was a Belgian chess player who held the FIDE title of International Master (IM, 1973) and the ICCF title of Correspondence Chess Grandmaster (GM, 1975). They were a four-time Belgian Chess Championship winner (1959, 1964, 1965, 1971).
Biography
From the mid-1950s to the mid-1970s Jozef Boey was one of Belgium's leading chess players. They four times won Belgian Chess Championships: in 1959 (together with Albéric O'Kelly de Galway), 1964, 1965, 1971 (together with Roeland Verstraeten). Jozef Boey twice played in World Chess Championship European Zonal Tournaments: in 1963, in Enschede they ranked 12th place, but in 1966, in The Hague they shared 11th–12th place. They have had several successes in international chess tournaments, include shared 2nd place in Amsterdam (1974, IBM international chess tournament B) and shared 2nd place in Roosendaal (1983).
Jozef Boey played for Belgium in the Chess Olympiads:
In 1956, at first reserve board in the 12th Chess Olympiad in Moscow (+3, =5, -3),
In 1962, at fourth board in the 15th Chess Olympiad in Varna (+6, =7, -5),
In 1966, at second board in the 17th Chess Olympiad in Havana (+2, =11, -4),
In 1968, at second board in the 18th Chess Olympiad in Lugano (+5, =5, -5),
In 1970, at first board in the 19th Chess Olympiad in Siegen (+4, =11, -0),
In 1972, at first board in the 20th Chess Olympiad in Skopje (+5, =5, -2),
In 1974, at first board in the 21st Chess Olympiad in Nice (+6, =6, -4),
In 1988, at third board in the 28th Chess Olympiad in Thessaloniki (+2, =3, -4).
Jozef Boey played for Belgium in the European Team Chess Championship preliminaries:
In 1973, at first board in the 5th European Team Chess Championship preliminaries (+0, =1, -1).
In the 1970s Jozef Boey devoted themselves to the correspondence chess, in which they achieved significant results, being one of the world's leaders in the mid-1980s. Jozef Boey participated three times in the World Correspondence Chess Championship finals. The greatest their success was in the 7th final (1972-1976), in which they ranked 2nd place. In the other two finals they took 12th place (1975–1980, 8th final) and 7th place (1978–1984, 10th final).
Jozef Boey was a chemist by profession.
References
External links
1934 births
2016 deaths
Sportspeople from Antwerp
Belgian chess players
Chess International Masters
Correspondence chess grandmasters
Chess Olympiad competitors
20th-century chess players
Naeko Maeda (born 12 July 1991) is a Japanese judoka.
 They are the gold medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Hohhot in the -70 kg category.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Japanese female judoka
20th-century Japanese women
21st-century Japanese women
Wanha Satama (Finnish for "old harbour") is an exhibition centre in Helsinki, Finland.
Wanha Satama is located in Katajanokka, a maritime district just east of the city centre. In Katajanokka, it is located very near the seaside and close to the Viking Line terminal. The Wanha Satama building is an old brick building originally dating back to the 19th century. It was renovated into an exhibition centre in the 1990s.
External links
Buildings and structures in Helsinki
Convention centers in Finland
Katajanokka
The 2020 Colonial Athletic Association men's basketball tournament was the postseason men's basketball tournament for the Colonial Athletic Association for the 2019–20 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The tournament was held March 7–10, 2020 at the Entertainment and Sports Arena in Washington, D.C.
Seeds
All 10 CAA teams participate in the tournament. Teams are seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records. The top six teams receive a bye to the quarterfinals.
Schedule
Bracket
* denotes overtime game
See also
2020 CAA women's basketball tournament
References
Tournament
Colonial Athletic Association men's basketball tournament
College sports in Washington, D.C.
Basketball in Washington, D.C.
Sports competitions in Washington, D.C.
CAA men's basketball tournament
CAA men's basketball tournament
Lapa is a district in the subprefecture of the same name in the city of São Paulo, Brazil.
Districts of São Paulo
new:लापा
The Torre Cabrera () is a watchtower in Pozzallo, Sicily. It was originally built in the 15th century, and was enlarged and rebuilt in the following centuries. Today, it is in good condition and it is open to the public as a museum.
History
In the 15th century, the site of Pozzallo had natural springs known as "Pozzofeto" and "Senia", which were marked on nautical charts and were well known among sailors. When the Chiaramontes, Counts of Modica built a warehouse complex containing docks and ramps for the loading of goods on ships, it became necessary to construct fortifications in order to defend the area. In the early 15th century, King Alfonso V of Aragon authorized Count Giovanni Bernardo Cabrera to construct a tower which bore their name. The coat of arms of the House of Cabrera is sculpted inside the tower.
The tower became an impressive structure and it had great military importance, since it was used to defend Pozzallo from attacks by pirates. The tower was garrisoned by soldiers and gunners, and guns of different calibers were placed on its terraces. Captured pirates or other criminals were executed at the tower by being placed in a room on the rocks and being drowned by the high tide.
The tower was modified and enlarged in the first half of the 16th century, during the reign of Emperor Charles V.
The tower collapsed during the 1693 Sicily earthquake. It was rebuilt, although some modifications were made to its original design.
The village of Pozzallo first began to develop around the tower during the 18th century. It was initially a community of a few hundred people, including soldiers and fishermen, but it eventually grew to a town.
Today, the tower is in good condition, and it is now open to the public as the Museo della torre Cabrera. The building is a national monument, and it is depicted on the coat of arms of Pozzallo. Some of its windows have been rebuilt in their original style.
References
Cabrera
Buildings and structures in the Province of Ragusa
Museums in Sicily
Cabrera
Pablakhali Wildlife Sanctuary () is a wildlife sanctuary at the northern end of the Kaptai reservoir in the Chittagong Hill Tracts region of Bangladesh. The area of the sanctuary is , and it is located on the eastern and northern hills of Bangladesh. The nearest town is Rangamati ( which is from the sanctuary. The western boundary of the sanctuary is formed by the Kassalong River.
Description
The climatic conditions are typically sub-tropical with a dry period from November to May. The mean annual rainfall is with heavy rainfall in the monsoon season of July and August. The sanctuary area is bounded on the southern side by steep rugged hills. The soil is clay in the valley and pale brown to yellow-red (acidic) loam on the hills. A dam at Kaptai () was constructed as a part of Karnaphuli hydroelectric project resulting in submergence of a large portion of the sanctuary. Humidity is high throughout the year. The IUCN protected area category is II.
History
Two forest villages of 112 inhabitants were set up in 1950. More recently, a large population of Rohingya have settled inside the sanctuary.
Biodiversity
The sanctuary has a tropical evergreen and semi-evergreen type of forest. It is covered with dense shrubby vegetation with patches of dense forest and bamboos.
Flora
The forest type is mainly tropical evergreen in the valleys and areas adjoining the rivers and lakes. The tree species growing are mainly Civit (Swintonia floribunda), Garjan (Dipterocarpus turbinatus)., Tula tree (Pterygota alata), Quercus spp. and Castanopsis. The other forest type is tropical moist deciduous. The trees found in this forest type are mainly Dipterocarpus sps; Mangifera indica; Amoora lawii; Cinnamomum sps.; Syzygium cumini; Tetrameles nudiflora; Salmalia malabaricum and Albizia sps. Albizia. The trees are scattered and interspersed with extensive tracts of grassland.
Fauna
The Indian elephant (Elephas Maximus) is the major threatened species found in the sanctuary. They are mainly restricted to the southern part, where savannas and perennial water bodies support their populations. The other threatened species is Hoolock gibbon (Hylobates hoolock). More common species include Wild boar (Sus scrofa); Rhesus macaque (Macaca mulatta); Capped langur (Presbytis pileata); Dhole (Cuon alpinus); small cats; otters; Indian muntjac (Muntiacus muntjak) and Sambar (Cervus unicolor). About 123 species of birds have been reported from the sanctuary. Records describe the presence of Tiger, two species of Rhinoceros, Banteng and Gaur in the sanctuary area which have since disappeared.
Threats
Part of the sanctuary is allotted to the settlers from the plains. The major threats are encroachment for cultivation land, removal of forest produce, and tree cutting by local people. The construction of Kaptai dam has also resulted in loss of wildlife in the area.
See also
List of protected areas of Bangladesh
References
National parks of Bangladesh
Forests of Bangladesh
The Yongsan bombing by the United States Air Force took place during the North Korean offensive of the Korean War and included a destructive bombing raid in Seoul. About 50 B-29s with the U.S. Fifth Air Force bombed Yongsan, Seoul on 16 July 1950. The B-29s dropped bombs on the switch yard and arsenal behind the Yongsan Station to slow down the North Korean army advance; however, some of the bombs missed the targets and hit civilian facilities. Some 1,587 citizens were killed representing 58.6% of the total civilian casualties. The South Korean Truth and Reconciliation Commission declined to investigate the incident, calling the bombing operation a military necessity.
References
Further reading
Korea bloodbath probe ends; US escapes much blame Associated Press July 11, 2010
TRCK relaxes U.S. bombing investigation criterion under new president Observers say the organization has dropped a greater number of investigation petitions under the new conservative president Hankyoreh Jul.16,2010
Strategic bombing operations and battles
Military operations of the Korean War
Korea–United States relations
1950s in Seoul
Strategic bombing conducted by the United States
Yongsan District
William Thomas Hamilton (September 8, 1820October 26, 1888), a member of the United States Democratic Party, was the 38th Governor of Maryland in the United States from 1880 to 1884. They also served in the United States Senate, representing the State of Maryland, from 1868–1874, and in the House of Representatives, representing the second district (1849–1853) and fourth district (1853–1855) of Maryland.
Early life and politics
Hamilton was born in Boonsboro, Maryland, and received early schooling from a local tutor named John Brown. They went on to attend Hagerstown Academy, and later Jefferson College in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, from 1836–1840. After college, Hamilton studied law with former Maryland Congressman John Thomson Mason, Jr., and was admitted to the bar in 1845. They then commenced law practice in Hagerstown, Maryland.
In 1846, Hamilton was elected to the Maryland House of Delegates, but failed to win re-election in 1847. They are, however, elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-first, Thirty-second, and Thirty-third Congresses, serving from March 4, 1849 – March 3, 1855. While Hamilton was in Congress, even though their district was largely manufacturers and miners, they supported tariffs but only as a source of revenue for the government. Other actions while in Congress included their tenure as chairperson of the Committee on the District of Columbia during the Thirty-third Congress.
From 1855 until 1868, Hamilton avoided politics and resumed the practice of law and farming in Hagerstown. During that time, they became widely known throughout Western Maryland as an excellent trial lawyer.
William Hamilton owned slaves and had a slaves quarters in their home in Hagerstown, Maryland.
United States Senate
After their long absence from politics, Hamilton was elected as a Democrat to the United States Senate by the General Assembly, and served from March 4, 1869, to March 3, 1875. Hamilton was a strong supporter of restoring southern sovereignty following the American Civil War, but voted against the Fifteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution which granted voting rights to all men regardless of race.
In 1871, Hamilton endorsed William Pinkney Whyte during the Maryland governor campaign, but regretted the decision thereafter following Whyte's actions as governor. In 1874, Hamilton was abandoned by the state Democratic Party during the nomination process for their senate seat, and was not considered by them for re-election. Instead, Hamilton ran for governor in 1875, but lost their party's nomination to fellow Democrat John Lee Carroll.
Governor of Maryland
After failing to receive nomination for governor, Hamilton again stepped away from the political arena, returning to their previous engagements in Western Maryland. During that time, however, they continued to push persistently for a Democratic nomination as governor of Maryland, which they're succeeding in doing in 1879. Hamilton faced future U.S. Postmaster General, Republican James Albert Gary, during the election, and defeated them by more than 22,000 votes.
As governor, Hamilton regularly conflicted with the state legislature, believing they were neglecting the state's economy. They sought to reduce government waste by abolishing excessive offices and positions, such as the office of Weighers of Grain and Hay, but again the legislature refused to cooperate with their program. They retired as governor on January 8, 1884, retaining popular support throughout the state. Their hostile treatment of the legislature as governor, however, had made the state Democratic party again unreceptive towards him.
Hamilton returned to Hagerstown where they avoided further involvement in state and national politics. They returned to the practice of law, but also worked to improve the city and county public works, streets, and water supply. They were maintained a great deal of popularity in Hagerstown and the surrounding areas, and their death following a long battle with illness was widely mourned.  They are buried in Rose Hill Cemetery (Maryland).
Family
Hamilton's daughter Josephine married the inventor Hiram Percy Maxim. Their other daughter Clare married Hayden Eames, brother of the opera singer Emma Eames. Their granddaughter was actor Clare Eames, their great-granddaughter is actor Jennifer Howard, and their great-great-grandson is actor Tony Goldwyn.
References
Maryland Archives biography
1820 births
1888 deaths
Governors of Maryland
Politicians from Hagerstown, Maryland
Members of the Maryland House of Delegates
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
Democratic Party United States senators from Maryland
Burials at Rose Hill Cemetery (Hagerstown, Maryland)
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Maryland
Democratic Party governors of Maryland
19th-century American politicians
George Ferris may refer to:
George Ferris (cricketer) (born 1964), former cricketer for the Leeward Islands and Leicestershire
George Washington Gale Ferris Jr. (1859–1896), American inventor of the Ferris wheel
George Ashmead Ferris (1859–1958), American architect
George A. Ferris & Son, an architectural firm in Reno, Nevada
George M. Ferris (1893–1992), American investment banker and philanthropist
George M. Ferris Jr. (1927–2008), American investment banker and philanthropist
Vaigai Express is a 2017 Tamil-language thriller film directed by Shaji Kailas and produced by R. K. The film stars R. K. themselves and Neetu Chandra, while Ineya essays a supporting role. Beginning production in late 2014, the remake of the Malayalam film Nadiya Kollappetta Rathri, was released across Tamil Nadu on 24 March 2017.
Cast
R. K. as Sharafudeen Rahman IPS
Neetu Chandra as Radhika and Jyothika
Siddique as Kumaraswamy
Ineya as Swapnapriya
Suja Varunee as Madhavi
Komal Sharma as Yamini Chandrasekharan
Swapna Menon as Thulasi Mani
Nassar as Inspector Mayilvaganan
Suman as Minister S. Karikalan
R. K. Selvamani as Ali Ibrahim/James Rodues/Manish Yatra
M. S. Bhaskar as TTR "King" Kesavan
Ramesh Khanna as Ramesh
Manobala as Kannitheevu Kaarmegam / Thavittaisaamy
John Vijay as Railway S.P. Alexander
Pawan as Ajay
Singamuthu as Veerappan
Srinish Aravind as Prakash
Archana Chandhoke as Anuradha
Sriranjini as Karpagavalli
Anoop Chandran as Azhagusundaram
Nandha Saravanan as "Attack" Mani
Chutti Aravind as Balu
Madhan Bob as Paavaadaisaamy
Anu Mohan as Railway Officer
Tamilselvi as Ambika Veerappan
Production
In December 2014, actor-producer R. K. revealed that they would work for a third time with director Shaji Kailas after previous collaborations on Ellam Avan Seyal (2008) and En Vazhi Thani Vazhi (2015), and announced they would finance and star in an action film titled Vaigai Express. An ensemble cast of actores and supporting actors was announced at a launch held at AVM Studios, Chennai during the same month. Thaman was signed to compose the film's background score, with no separate songs or soundtrack for the film. Neetu Chandra, who plays a double role in the film, suffered an injury on the sets of the film in February 2015. Ineya revealed that they would be portraying an actor and shot for their scenes in March 2015. Director R. K. Selvamani was selected to play the film's chief antagonist. The film was completed in mid-2015 and was subsequently put on hold before promotions began gearing up for release in early 2017.
Release
Vaigai Express was released across Tamil Nadu on 24 March 2017. The Times of India gave the film a negative review and mentioned "in one way, Vaigai Express has done justice to the remake by not rectifying the shoddy graphics work - in fact, the way several scenes have been executed in this film makes one feel that the original version deserves a few awards". Similarly The New Indian Express noted it was a "remake that didn't hit the right chord", with Indiaglitz.com stating "it was a tiring journey". In a slightly more positive review, the Deccan Chronicle stated it was "a film that can be enjoyed only in parts". Competition at the box office meant that Vaigai Express was removed from most screens after a single week.
References
External links
2017 films
Indian thriller films
2010s Tamil-language films
Films set on trains
Films scored by Thaman S
2017 thriller films
Tamil remakes of Malayalam films
Films directed by Shaji Kailas
Joseph Mario Moreno was Commissioner for the 7th district of Cook County, Illinois from 1994 until 2010.
Early life
Moreno earned their law degree from DePaul University College of Law.
Public service
Prior to their election as a commissioner, Moreno worked for the Chicago Attorney General's Office as Special Assistant to the Attorney General. They also served on the Committee on Financing for the Secretary of State's Office. Moreno ran for Mayor of Cicero in the 2001 and 2003 municipal election.
Cook County Commissioner
Moreno was the chairperson for the Building Committee and vice-chair for the Labor, Tax and Revenue, and Roads and Bridges Committees. Additionally, Moreno served on 13 committees: Real Estate, Tax Delinquency, Stroger and Cermak Hospitals, Information and Automation, Environmental Control, Construction, Contract Compliance, Industrial Claims, Rules, Law Enforcement and Corrections, Health and Hospitals, Finance, and Zoning and Buildings.
Commissioners Joseph Mario Moreno, along with Roberto Maldonado, both Chicago Democrats, wanted to expand Cook County vehicle sticker tax to all vehicles in municipalities, including Chicago, where the vehicle-sticker fee recently was raised for sport-utility vehicles. All Cook County residents would have to buy a $40 vehicle sticker for each car they own under a proposal two County Board commissioners are floating to help plug a budget deficit now pegged at $238 million. They also went on record against cutting the county budget, and was in favor of raising the sales tax by 1.25% or more.
As Cook County Board Commissioner, Moreno voted multiple times to uphold a historic 2008 Cook County sales tax increase, remaining the highest in the nation. As a result, the Chicago Tribune encouraged voters to vote against them in the 2010 elections. Moreno lost their bid for re-nomination in the February 2, 2010 primary. They lost the nomination to former State Senator Jesús "Chuy" García by more than 1,600 votes. (55% to 45%)
In 2010, Moreno proposed a bill to limit and restrict the use of Twitter from federal and government meetings. The bill was defeated by the Rules & Administrative committee 5–1.
Moreno was arrested on June 28, 2012, on corruption charges. On September 2, 2014, they were sentenced to 11 years in prison.
External links
Cook County profile
Footnotes
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Politicians from Chicago
Members of the Cook County Board of Commissioners
DePaul University College of Law alumni
Illinois Democrats
Belinda S. Cowling is a French medical researcher and cofounder and scientific advisor of the biotech firm Dynacure, which was founded in 2016. They became Head of Research in 2018, responsible for the company's R&D strategy, and leading Dynacure's research programs in centronuclear myopathy (CNM) and other disease domains. As Dynacure's Chief Scientific Officer, their focus is on translational research and drug-candidate development. In 2019, they were awarded the Irène Joliot-Curie Prize in the category: Women, Research and Enterprise.
Life and work
Cowling earned their PhD at Monash University in Melbourne, Australia, in 2008. They moved to France to take an internship at the Institute of Genetics, Molecular and Cellular Biology (IGBMC), Strasbourg, and joined the team of Jocelyn Laporte where they studied the normal biological function of the protein, dynamin-2 (DNM2). They identified downregulation of this gene as a novel therapeutic target for centronuclear myopathies.  They are the author of five patents, two of which were key in creating Dynacure.
Cowling's research primarily concerns neuromuscular diseases, degenerative diseases, rare pathologies that affect about 110 people per year in France and orphan diseases (illnesses for which no treatment is available). The research strategy that they set up allows the pathology to be tackled on several fronts, from fundamental aspects to clinical trials.
Cowling also trains PhD students and young researchers, and teaches at the master and PhD levels in Australia and France.
Awards and distinctions
"Young Researcher" prize of the French Society of Cellular and Gene Therapy (SFTCG), 2014
Irène Joliot-Curie Prize in the category Women, Research and Enterprise, 2019
"Prix Scientifique, The Espoirs de l'Université de Strasbourg, 2019
Selected publications
Cowling, Belinda S., Meagan J. McGrath, Mai-Anh Nguyen, Denny L. Cottle, Anthony J. Kee, Susan Brown, Joachim Schessl et al. "Identification of FHL1 as a regulator of skeletal muscle mass: implications for human myopathy." The Journal of cell biology 183, no. 6 (2008): 1033-1048.
Schessl, Joachim, Yaqun Zou, Meagan J. McGrath, Belinda S. Cowling, Baijayanta Maiti, Steven S. Chin, Caroline Sewry et al. "Proteomic identification of FHL1 as the protein mutated in human reducing body myopathy." The Journal of clinical investigation 118, no. 3 (2008): 904-912.
Cowling, Belinda S., Denny L. Cottle, Brendan R. Wilding, Colleen E. D'Arcy, Christina A. Mitchell, and Meagan J. McGrath. "Four and a half LIM protein 1 gene mutations cause four distinct human myopathies: a comprehensive review of the clinical, histological and pathological features." Neuromuscular Disorders 21, no. 4 (2011): 237-251.
Cowling, Belinda S., Anne Toussaint, Leonela Amoasii, Pascale Koebel, Arnaud Ferry, Laurianne Davignon, Ichizo Nishino, Jean-Louis Mandel, and Jocelyn Laporte. "Increased expression of wild-type or a centronuclear myopathy mutant of dynamin 2 in skeletal muscle of adult mice leads to structural defects and muscle weakness." The American journal of pathology 178, no. 5 (2011): 2224-2235.
Cowling, Belinda S., Thierry Chevremont, Ivana Prokic, Christine Kretz, Arnaud Ferry, Catherine Coirault, Olga Koutsopoulos, Vincent Laugel, Norma B. Romero, and Jocelyn Laporte. "Reducing dynamin 2 expression rescues X-linked centronuclear myopathy." The Journal of clinical investigation 124, no. 3 (2014): 1350-1363.
Prokic, Ivana, Belinda S. Cowling, and Jocelyn Laporte. "Amphiphysin 2 (BIN1) in physiology and diseases." Journal of molecular medicine 92, no. 5 (2014): 453-463.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Date of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Australian scientists
21st-century Australian women
21st-century French scientists
21st-century French women scientists
Monash University alumni
Second Lieutenant Orville Tyron Chamberlain (September 1, 1841 to May 27, 1929) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War. Chamberlain received the United States' highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for their action during the Battle of Chickamauga, Georgia on 20 September 1863. They were honored with the award on 11 March 1896.
Biography
Chamberlain was born in Leesburgh, Indiana on September 1, 1841. They enlisted in the 74th Indiana Infantry. They graduated from Notre Dame University in 1868 and became a lawyer. Married Helen Maria Mead (1843-1911) and they had one child, Edith Chamberlain (1872-1933). In 1914 served in Washington as acting chairperson of Legislation Army and Navy Medal of Honor Legion of U.S.A. and was a proponent of $10 per month pension addition for medal of honor recipients.
They died on May 27, 1929 and their remains are interred at the Grace Lawn Cemetery in Elkhart, Indiana.
Medal of Honor citation
See also
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: A–F
References
1841 births
1929 deaths
People of Indiana in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Rottenburg an der Laaber is a town in the district of Landshut, in Bavaria, Germany. It is situated on the river Große Laber, 21 km northwest of Landshut.
Notable residents
Max Ritter von Müller (1887–1918), World War I fighter ace and highest scoring Bavarian in the war
References
External links
Landshut (district)
A statue of María Izquierdo is installed along the Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres, in Centro, Guadalajara, in the Mexican state of Jalisco.
References
External links
Outdoor sculptures in Guadalajara
Rotonda de los Jaliscienses Ilustres
Sculptures of women in Mexico
Statues in Jalisco
AlMaghrib Institute is an Islamic studies institute founded in Houston, Texas, by Muhammad AlShareef in 2002. AlMaghrib provides courses on Islam in a six-day, two-weekend intensive seminar and other courses in a shorter, three-day, single-weekend format.
Instructors
Most of AlMaghrib instructors are graduates of the Islamic University of Madinah, which is why AlMaghrib is characterized as Salafi in ideological orientation, despite founder Muhammad AlShareef's commitment not to use labels other than "Islam" and "Muslim".
AlMaghrib's instructors include the following Islamic scholars, who are listed on AlMaghrib's website.
Yasir Qadhi
Abdullah Hakim Quick
Omar Suleiman
Academics
AlMaghrib's founders are working toward establishing an M.A. and Ph.D.-granting Islamic seminary with a permanent campus in the United States, featuring teachers as full-time faculty.
Controversies
AlMaghrib has received a significant amount of public scrutiny because recordings by Anwar al-Awlaki, the highest English-speaking cleric in Al-Qaeda, continued to be sold at AlMaghrib events, although AlMaghrib banned these in 2009.
In addition, analysts have studied students of the Institute who were later involved in terrorist actions or plots, and speculated about the teachings of the Institute. Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, who in December 2009 attempted to detonate plastic explosives on board Northwest Airlines Flight 253 from Amsterdam to Detroit, was found to have taken a class at the AlMaghrib Institute in Houston. Abdulmutallab claimed that al-Awlaki had also been a student at AlMaghrib.
"It's ironic that they came to us," said instructor Yasir Qadhi of AbdulMutallab. Qadhi told CNN, "At some level, we did not convince them of the validity of our views," and "that is cause for regret".
The following former students at the Institute were later implicated in questionable activities: Daniel Maldonado, a convert to Islam, was convicted in 2007 of training in Somalia with a group linked to Al Qaeeda militia. Tarek Mehanna, a pharmacist, was convicted for conspiracy, in a case widely criticized by journalists and civil libertarians. Two young American men were held in Pakistan in 2009 for seeking to train with militants.
On the other hand, some other American Salafi groups have accused AlMaghrib of being "liberal" and "apolitical." As a result of this external and internal scrutiny, AlMaghrib has attempted to change its image and avoided the public use of any classification as "Salafi". AlMaghrib Vice President, Waleed Basyouni, said "[AlMaghrib] institute's stance against extremism, violence and other related subjects has always been clear ... We unequivocally condemn it in all its forms."
Alshareef has been banned from entering Denmark.
References
External links
AlMaghrib Official Site
AlMaghrib Institute Forums
AlMaghrib Institute Instructors
Islamic organizations based in the United States
Charities based in Texas
Wonderland is the second studio album by English pop rock band McFly. It was released in the United Kingdom on 29 August 2005, and was a success, being certified platinum, selling over 300,000 copies in the UK peaking at number 1 in the UK Albums Chart breaking the world record for the youngest band to top the album chart twice. Despite being less of a success in the UK, the album went on to match the worldwide sales of McFly's debut album Room on the 3rd Floor, selling over one million copies.
Background
The album contains production from early collaborator Hugh Padgham, who co-produced the majority of the band's debut album, as well as production from former Busted producer Steve Power. The album follows more of a story-like narrative than the band's first album, and adopts a slightly more advanced style of pop. Unlike the band's first album, there is no hidden track on the album. Four singles were released from the album: "All About You", which was released as the official Comic Relief single for 2005, "I'll Be OK", "I Wanna Hold You" and the double A-side of "Ultraviolet and The Ballad of Paul K". A deluxe version of the album was released in special gatefold packagaing, with fold-out photos of the band as well as an extended booklet. The Japanese edition of the album contains two additional tracks plus two music videos.
Critical reception
Sharon Mawer of AllMusic said of the album: "The often difficult second album was made to look easy by McFly, the four lads from London who saw Busted, their main rivals for the affections of pre-teenage hearts, split up in 2005, leaving them the only guitar-based pop band in town, and McFly did not disappoint their army of fans with Wonderland. At the time of release, it already contained two number one singles, "I'll Be OK" and the Comic Relief charity hit "All About You," although the Carly Simon/James Taylor B-side, track two on the CD single, "You've Got a Friend" was not included. The same mixture of good, fun 1960s-influenced pop songs and mid-tempo ballads is here, as on the debut album Room on the 3rd Floor, the opening track, "I'll Be OK," being a good example of a boy band trying to sound as little as a boy band as possible with real instruments, mainly guitars that, if you really stretched your imagination, on the intro could be compared to the Who's "Won't Get Fooled Again," although it only lasted about fifteen seconds. The boys even felt confident enough to include a sitar on the song "Ultraviolet," which became their least successful single release to date. The turning point of the album came about halfway through - on vinyl it would have been side two - with the "All About You" track, which opened with an orchestral piece and then continued throughout the song with a strummed acoustic guitar and even had a woodwind instrumental break. And of course, there was quite a memorable song in there as well. This theme was expanded even further on the two-part track "She Falls Asleep"—part one a dreamy instrumental heavy on the orchestral string section; part two a sophisticated ballad, quite dramatic in its production—and the album concluded as it began, with more guitar-led harmony pop with the songs "Nothing" and "Memory Lane". One might sneer, but Wonderland was a good album from an obviously talented group of young lads."
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
See also
The Wonderland Tour 2005
References
External links
McFly website
2005 albums
McFly albums
Island Records albums
Albums produced by Hugh Padgham
The FREEDOM Support Act of 1992 (Freedom for Russia and Emerging Eurasian Democracies and Open Markets Support Act, FSA, HR 282) is an act passed by the United States Congress. It is not to be confused with the Iran Freedom and Support Act of 2005 (S 333).
Formation of the Act
The bill H.R.4547 was sponsored by Rep Dante B. Fascell and introduced March 24, 1992. It was passed by the House on August 6, 1992.
The bill was introduced as S.2532 into the Senate on April 7, 1992, and sponsored by Sen Claiborne Pell. It passed the Senate on July 2, 1992.
The FSA was signed into law on October 24, 1992, by President George H. W. Bush and assigned Public Law No. 102 - 511
Provisions of the Act
Created through the act are the U.S. Civilian Research & Development Foundation, the Armenia School Connectivity Program and other organizations founded to foster growth in the former Soviet Union.
Section 102 of the FREEDOM Support Act creates the position of a Coordinator within the Department of State.
In 1992, funding from the FREEDOM Support Act and USAID helped create American Business Centers (ABCs) under the United States Commercial Service, designed to operate in the developing markets of Russia and the Newly Independent States to stimulate economic growth and create jobs in the United States.
Section 907 specifically prohibits Azerbaijan from participating in programs created by the act.
See also
Former Soviet Union Demilitarization Act of 1992
FRIENDSHIP Act of 1993
References
External links
History of U.S. Assistance to the New Independent States in the Clinton Administration on the State Department's Website
1992 in law
1992 in international relations
102nd United States Congress
United States foreign relations legislation
United States federal defense and national security legislation
A road trip is a journey on roads.
Road Trip, Road trip, or Roadtrip may also refer to:
Film
Road Trip (film), a 2000 comedy film
Road Trip (soundtrack)
Road Trip (2013 film) or A Mother's Rage, an American television film
Games
Road Trip, one of the Choro Q video games
ModNation Racers: Road Trip (2012), a kart racing game developed for the PlayStation Vita
Music
Albums
Road Trip (Duane Eddy album), 2011
Road Trip (Girl Authority album), 2007
Road Trips (Grateful Dead), a series of live concert CDs by the Grateful Dead
Songs
"Road Trip" (song), by De Vet Du, 2017
"Road Trip", by The Fireman from Electric Arguments, 2008
"Road Trip", by Ninja Sex Party from Attitude City, 2015
"Roadtrip", by Steriogram from Schmack!, 2004
"Roadtrip", by Dream, 2021
"Road Trip", by The D.E.s, 2008
Television
Road Trip (TV series), a 2017 Philippine TV show on GMA
Episodes
"The Road Trip" (Brooklyn Nine-Nine)
"Road Trip" (Father of the Pride)
"Road Trip" (Parks and Recreation)
"Road Trip" (SpongeBob SquarePants)
"Road Trip" (Teen Titans Go!)
See also
The Great American Road Trip, a 2009 reality show
Road Trip Adventure (2002), a PlayStation 2 video game
Road movies, film genre
Gradan was an expeditious Scottish method of drying grain for the gristmill, by burning the straw. This term was sometimes anglicised as graddan, graddin or greddin, or Graydon meal for the resulting product. It was corn or meal prepared after the ancient custom of the Gael. A woman sitting down, took a handful of corn and holding it in their left hand by the stalks, they set fire to the ears, which were at once in a flame. In their right hand they held a stick, which they very dexterously beat the grain out the very instant the husks were quite burnt. By this simple process, corn may be cut down, winnowed, ground, dried, and baked within half an hour. In separating the meal from the husks, instead of stoves, they made use of a sheepskin, stretched on a hoop, minutely perforated by a small hot iron. The bread which is made is considered very salubrious, and was extremely pleasant to the palate of the Gael.
Another method, almost the same, used in Uist was when the grain end of the sheaf was put into the flame of the fire, and when the chaff and ends of the straw were well alight, the sheaf is held over a clean-swept part of the hearth, or over some vessel, when the grain drops off.
The term "gradan" was also used for snuff.
(Gradan)
Agriculture in Scotland
Filothei–Psychiko () is a municipality in the North Athens regional unit, Attica, Greece. The seat of the municipality is the town Psychiko.
Municipality
The municipality Filothei–Psychiko was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 3 former municipalities, that became municipal units:
Filothei
Neo Psychiko
Psychiko
The municipality has an area of 6.077 km2.
References
Populated places in North Athens (regional unit)
Municipalities of Attica
The SJFA West Region League Two (also known as the McBookie.com West of Scotland League Two) is a Scottish semi-professional football competition run by the West Region of the Scottish Junior Football Association and is the fourth tier of league competition for its member clubs. The league was created when West Region clubs voted in 2017 to organise all leagues on a regionwide basis, with the Central First and Second Divisions and the Ayrshire Division merging and their teams separated into two tiers. Clubs will be promoted to a new regionwide League One.
The competition was abolished in 2020 when all SJFA West Region clubs moved to join the newly-formed senior West of Scotland Football League.
Final member clubs for the 2019–20 season
Season summaries
References
2
2018 establishments in Scotland
Sport leagues established in 2018
2020 disestablishments in Scotland
Sport leagues disestablished in 2020
Defunct football leagues in Scotland
Defunct Scottish Junior Football Association leagues
Czesław Zając (born 20 January 1927) is a Polish former sports shooter. They competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
1927 births
Living people
Polish male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Poland
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
People from Krosno County
James Barry (1659–1717) was an Irish politician.
Barry was returned for Rathcormack to the Irish House of Commons from 1689 until 1703, when they were also elected for Dungarvan. They chose to sit for latter and represented it until 1713. Subsequently, they became again Member of Parliament (MP) for Rathcormack. In 1715, Barry stood a second time for Dungarvan, a seat they finally held until their death two years later.
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20090601105535/http://www.leighrayment.com/commons/irelandcommons.htm
1659 births
1717 deaths
Irish MPs 1689
Irish MPs 1692–1693
Irish MPs 1695–1699
Irish MPs 1703–1713
Irish MPs 1713–1714
Irish MPs 1715–1727
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Cork constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Waterford constituencies
The Constitution of Tajikistan (; ) was adopted on 6 November 1994 and amended three times, on 26 September 1999, on 22 June 2003 and on 22 May 2016.
The Constitution has the highest legal power, direct application (Article 10) and supremacy on the whole territory of Tajikistan. The Constitution proclaims the establishment of a democratic, legal, secular and unitary State (Article 1), where the State power is based on the principle of separation of powers (Article 9). As the fundamental law of the State, the Constitution defines the structure of the government, basic rights, liberties and responsibilities of its citizens, as well as the powers of the legislative, executive and judicial branches. Article 2 of the Constitution defines Tajik and Russian as the official languages of Tajikistan; the former being the national (state) language and the second being the "language of interethnic communication".
The bicameral Supreme Assembly (the parliament) adopts constitutional laws (Article 61), laws (Article 60) and resolutions (Articles 56-57), while the President adopts decrees and orders (Article 70) and the Cabinet of Ministers (the highest body of the executive branch) adopts resolutions and orders (Article 74).
Article 1
The Republic of Tajikistan is a sovereign, democratic, constitutional, secular, and unitary state.
Article 2
The state (national) language of Tajikistan shall be Tajik. Russian shall be the language of international communication. All nationalities and peoples living on the territory of the republic shall have the right to use their mother tongue.
Article 4
The capital of Tajikistan is the city of Dushanbe.
Article 5
The life, the honor, the dignity, and other natural human rights are inviolable. Human rights and freedoms are recognized, observed, and protected by the state.
Article 8
Public life in Tajikistan develops on the basis of political and ideological pluralism. No single ideology, including a religious ideology, may be adopted as the ideology of the state.
Article 9
The state power is divided into legislative, executive, and judicial branches.
Article 11
Tajikistan implements a peace-loving policy, respects the sovereignty and independence of other states, determines its external policy on the basis of international norms. War propaganda is prohibited.
Article 12
The economy of Tajikistan is based on different forms of ownership. The state guarantees freedom of economic and entrepreneurial activity, equality of rights, and legal protection of all forms of ownership, including private property.
Article 13
The land, the mineral resources, the water, the airspace, the animal and plant kingdom, and other natural resources are the exclusive property of the state, and the state guarantees their efficient use in the interest of the people.
Other chapters
Chapter 2 (Articles 14-47) deals with human rights, freedoms, and basic duties of citizens and residents
Chapter 3 (Articles 48-63) is devoted to the legislative branch Majlisi Oli (; ). According to the 1999 Constitution, Majlisi Oli (Supreme Assembly) consists of two chambers: The National Assembly, the upper chamber (; ) and the Assembly of Representatives, the lower chamber (; ).
Chapter 4 (Articles 64-72) is devoted to the President. According to the 1999 Constitution, the President is elected for a term of 7 years in direct popular elections. A president may not serve more than two consecutive terms (Article 65 as amended in the June 2003 referendum).
Chapter 5 (Articles 73-75) is devoted to the executive branch
Chapter 6 (Articles 76-80) deals with local government
Chapters 8 and 9 (Articles 84-97) deal with the judicial branch
References
The Constitution of the Republic of Tajikistan, September 1999 ; the English version given on the official site is the old 1994 Constitution.
The 1994 Constitution of the Republic of Tajikistan, in: Constitutions of the Participating Countries of the CIS, Russian Institute of Legislation and Comparative Law, Normal Publishing House, Moscow (2001), pp. 497-522.
Constitution of Tajikistan, English translation
Law of the Republic of Tajikistan: A Guide to Web Based Resources
Tajikistan
Government of Tajikistan
Law of Tajikistan
ICER is a wavelet-based image compression file format used by the NASA Mars Rovers.
ICER may also refer to:
Icer, a character in the Masters of the Universe franchise
Institute for Clinical and Economic Review, a Boston-based nonprofit organization seeking to improve healthcare
Incremental cost-effectiveness ratio
International Computing Education Research, an annual research workshop sponsored by SIGCSE
See also
Icer Air, stylized as ICER AIR, an urban big-air ski and snowboard event held in San Francisco from 2005 through 2008
Mungo Mason (born 4 October 1995) is a Scottish professional rugby union player who plays as a flanker (back row) for Old Glory DC in Major League Rugby (MLR). They previously played for the San Diego Legion in the MLR and Edinburgh in the Pro14.
Early life
Born in Carluke, Scotland. Their mother is Helen Mason a Senior Executive Director Commissioning at Department of Health & Human Services, Victoria. Mason was raised in New Zealand having moved to Tauranga aged 2 and lived in New Zealand until 2017 when Mungo moved to the United States to further their studies at Chicago-Kent College of Law upon the completion to their LLB degree at the University of Waikato through Sir Edmund Hillary scholarship.
Professional career
While at Waikato, they were signed to play in the fledgling Major League Rugby competition in 2018 for San Diego Legion before moving to Scotland where Mason was selected to play for Scotland in the 2018-19 World Rugby Sevens Series. They joined Old Glory DC in 2020, where they were a co-captain of the team wearing the number 7. After the 2021 season, they left to attend the University of Oxford for a Master of Sustainability, Enterprise and the Environment at St Cross College.
References
External links
Mungo Mason Player Statistics
1995 births
Living people
Scottish rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union number eights
Scotland international rugby sevens players
Edinburgh Rugby players
Old Glory DC players
San Diego Legion players
Rugby union players from South Lanarkshire
Zimbabwean rugby union players
Zimbabwe Goshawks players
In aviation, visual flight rules (VFR) are a set of regulations under which a pilot operates an aircraft in weather conditions generally clear enough to allow the pilot to see where the aircraft is going. Specifically, the weather must be better than basic VFR weather minima, i.e. in visual meteorological conditions (VMC), as specified in the rules of the relevant aviation authority. The pilot must be able to operate the aircraft with visual reference to the ground, and by visually avoiding obstructions and other aircraft.
If the weather is less than VMC, pilots are required to use instrument flight rules, and operation of the aircraft will be primarily through referencing the instruments rather than visual reference. In a control zone, a VFR flight may obtain a clearance from air traffic control to operate as Special VFR.
Requirements
VFR require a pilot to be able to see outside the cockpit, to control the aircraft's altitude, navigate, and avoid obstacles and other aircraft. Governing agencies establish specific requirements for VFR flight, including minimum visibility, and distance from clouds, to ensure that aircraft operating under VFR are visible from enough distance to ensure safety.
Under visual meteorological conditions, the minimum visual range, distance from clouds, or cloud clearance requirements to be maintained above ground vary by jurisdiction, and may also vary according to the airspace in which the aircraft is operating.
In some countries, VFR flight is permitted at night, and is known as night VFR. This is generally permitted only under more restrictive conditions, such as maintaining minimum safe altitudes, and may require additional training as a pilot at night may not be able to see and avoid obstacles.
The VFR pilot is required to "see and avoid" obstacles and other aircraft. Pilots flying under VFR assume responsibility for their separation from all other aircraft and are generally not assigned routes or altitudes by air traffic control (ATC). Depending on the category of airspace in which the flight is being conducted, VFR aircraft may be required to have a transponder to help Air Traffic Control identify the aircraft on radar in order that ATC can provide separation to IFR aircraft.
Meteorological conditions that meet the minimum requirements for VFR flight are termed visual meteorological conditions (VMC). If they are not met, the conditions are considered instrument meteorological conditions (IMC), and a flight may only operate under IFR. IFR operations have specific training requirements and certification required of the pilot, and increased equipment requirements for the aircraft. Additionally, an IFR flight plan must usually be filed in advance.
For efficiency of operations, some ATC operations will routinely provide "pop-up" IFR clearances for aircraft operating VFR, but that are arriving at an airport that does not meet VMC requirements. For example, in the United States, California's Oakland (KOAK), Monterey (KMRY) and Santa Ana (KSNA) airports routinely grant temporary IFR clearance when a low coastal overcast forces instrument approaches, while the rest of the state is still under visual flight rules.
For pilots without an instrument rating who cannot legally fly by instrument flight rules, the restrictions of VMC minima can be troublesome in locations where weather conditions can change suddenly and unexpectedly or when weather events are highly localized. For instance, a small cloud forming over the airport at less than 1000 feet technically requires the airport to allow only IFR flights using instrument approaches/departures. A VFR flight intending to land there would normally be denied clearance, and would either have to divert to another field with VMC, or declare an emergency and override the denial of clearance, which can prompt an inquiry and possibly result in adverse consequences for the pilot.
To avoid these scenarios, VFR flights intending to land at or take off from an airport experiencing localized conditions marginally below VMC minima may request Special VFR clearance from the tower. SVFR flight is only allowed while within the portion of an airport's controlled airspace (class B, C, or D) that extends to the surface, and it must be explicitly requested by the pilot and granted by the tower (some airports, primarily large Class B facilities, do not allow SVFR operation in their airspace at all). Visibility on the ground must still be greater than one statute mile, but most other VMC minima such as ceiling are waived. The pilot is required to maintain VFR separation distances from other aircraft and, by requesting SVFR, asserts that they can do so despite the marginal conditions. For departing flights, the pilot must be flying in VMC by the time they leave the surface footprint of the controlled airspace (otherwise they would be flying VFR in IMC which is illegal).
VFR flight is not allowed in airspace known as class A, regardless of the meteorological conditions except after failure of two way radio communications or during declared emergencies such as VFR traffic attempting to avoid severe weather formations. In the United States, class A airspace is measured using flight levels, and begins at FL180 up to FL600, which is about 18,000 to 60,000 feet as measured using an altimeter at standard pressure (29.92 inHg, 1013 mbar). An exception to IFR-only flying in this airspace is the occasional allowance of sailplanes within designated wave windows which may be opened by air traffic control when high altitude flights are to be conducted into mountain lee waves.
Traffic advisories
In the United States, Canada, and Australia, a pilot operating under VFR outside Class B, C, D airspace can request "flight following" from ATC, to receive continuous verbal updates on air traffic. This service is provided by ATC if workload permits, but it is an advisory service only. The responsibility for maintaining separation with other aircraft and proper navigation still remains with the pilot in command (PIC). In the United Kingdom, this is known as a "Traffic Service". In other countries it is known as "Flight Information Service".
Pilot certifications
In the United States and Canada, any certified pilot who meets specific recency of experience criteria may operate an airworthy aircraft under VFR.
VFR cruising altitude rules in the US and Canada
In the US, there are specific VFR cruising altitudes, based on the aircraft's course, to assist pilots in separating their aircraft while operating under visual flight above 3,000 ft above the surface (AGL) but below 18,000 ft Mean Sea Level (MSL). Unofficially, most pilots use these rules at all levels of cruise flight. FAR 91.159 states that any aircraft:
On a magnetic course of 0-179 degrees shall fly at an odd thousand ft MSL altitude +500 feet (e.g., 3,500, 5,500, or 7,500 ft); or
On a magnetic course of 180-359 degrees shall fly at an even thousand ft MSL altitude +500 feet (e.g., 4,500, 6,500, or 8,500 ft).
Low flying rules in the US
In the US, Part 91 (specifically 91.119) of the Federal Aviation Regulations controls the minimum safe altitudes by which aircraft can be operated in the National Airspace System.
"Notwithstanding" rule
Though specific altitudes are called as noted below - there is an overreaching general requirement to maintain sufficient altitude that if a power unit fails, an emergency landing without undue hazard to persons or property on the surface can be made. This may be significantly higher than 500 feet or 1,000 feet.
500 ft rule
An aircraft must maintain an altitude of 500 feet above the surface, except over open water or sparsely populated areas. In those cases, the aircraft may not be operated closer than 500 feet to any person, vessel, vehicle, or structure.
1000 ft rule
An aircraft must maintain an altitude of 1,000 feet above the highest obstacle within a horizontal radius of 2,000 feet of the aircraft over any congested area of a city, town, or settlement, or over any open air assembly of persons.
Other aircraft, such as helicopters, powered parachutes, and weight-shift-control aircraft, are not required to meet the FAR 91 minimums, so long as their operation is conducted without hazard to persons or property on the surface.
Low flying rules in the EU
In all EU Member states, the Standardised European Rules of the Air apply: these set out a minimum altitude of 150 m (500 ft) above any obstacle within a radius of 150 m (500 ft), except with permission, or when taking off or landing. If an aircraft is flying over a congested area (town, settlement, etc.) it must fly high enough so that in the case of an engine failure, it is able to land clear safely AND it must not fly less than 300 m (1000 ft) above the highest fixed object within 600 m of the aircraft.
Member states are allowed to modify the low flying rule to suit their jurisdiction, for instance in the UK, the "500 ft Rule" allows pilots to fly below 500 ft as long as they are no closer than 500 ft to any person, vessel, vehicle, building or structure.
The rules for flying near congested areas are the same in the UK as the rest of the EU
Controlled visual flight rules
CVFR flight is used in locations where aviation authorities have determined that VFR flight should be allowed, but that ATC separation and minimal guidance are necessary. In this respect, CVFR is similar to instrument flight rules (IFR) in that ATC will give pilots headings and altitudes at which to fly, and will provide separation and conflict resolution. However, pilots and aircraft do not need to be IFR rated to fly in CVFR areas, which is highly advantageous. An example of airspace where CVFR is common would be Canadian Class B airspace.
The CVFR concept is used in Canada and certain European countries, but not in the U.S., where the Private Pilot certificate itself authorizes the pilot to accept clearances under VFR.
In Israel, for example, VFR does not exist. All visual flights must be performed under CVFR rules.
See also
Automatic dependent surveillance – broadcast
Bárány chair
Night VFR
Simultaneous opposite direction parallel runway operations
Special visual flight rules
References
External links
Australian VFR rules - published by CASA (Civil Aviation Safety Authority)
Aviation law
Wildenstein Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Bubendorf in the canton of Basel-Land in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
The castle was acquired by the local council in 1995 and is now regularly used for cultural events.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
External links
Cultural property of national significance in Basel-Landschaft
Castles in Basel-Landschaft
Ameiva aggerecusans is a species of teiid lizard endemic to Peru.
References
aggerecusans
Reptiles described in 2013
Lizards of South America
Reptiles of Peru
Taxa named by Claudia Koch
Taxa named by Pablo J. Venegas
Taxa named by Dennis Rödder
Taxa named by Morris Flecks
Taxa named by Wolfgang Böhme (herpetologist)
The Shipman family leased of land near the Kīlauea volcano in 1937 from the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Estate, which they called the Ainahou Ranch. The name aina hou means "new land". An older ranch called Keauhou (not to be confused with the community of Keauhou, on the western side of the island) had been established here in 1921, so a primitive trail existed, and the Chain of Craters Road had recently been built within a few miles. Herbert C. Shipman built a house on the remote ranch in 1941 for the family as a refuge for the anticipated Japanese invasion of Hawaii. It was used as a working cattle ranch, raising beef for the military during World War II.
After a tsunami in 1946 devastated the Puna Shipman property, killing half the endangered nēnē they were raising there, they built pens at Ainahou to continue raising them. After the war, it was estimated only about 30 birds existed in the wild. Herbert Shipman reintroduced two pairs to the Pohakuloa Training Area, and worked with British ornithologist Peter Scott to expand the breeding program to England, possibly saving the species from extinction. The Shipman family also kept many exotic plants at the ranch, including some of the first orchids raised on the island. Herbert (president of the Hawaii Orchid Society) was awarded a gold medal in 1957 by the American Orchid Society for contributions to the industry.
After being threatened by a lava flow in 1969, the house was evacuated. The family reached an agreement for the National Park Service to purchase the land and house in 1971 to become part of Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, under the authority of the Endangered Species Act. Ainahou ranch was listed on the state register of historic places on December 5, 1973, as site 10-62-19429, and the National Register of Historic Places listings on the island of Hawaii on June 23, 1978, as site 78001013. and the National Register of Historic Places listings on the island of Hawaii on February 8, 1995, as site 94001619.
References
Houses completed in 1941
Houses in Hawaii County, Hawaii
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Hawaii
National Register of Historic Places in Hawaiʻi Volcanoes National Park
Kīlauea
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1609.
Events
January 1 – The Children of the Blackfriars perform Thomas Middleton's A Trick to Catch the Old One at the English royal court.
January 15 – Avisa Relation oder Zeitung, an early newspaper, begins publication in Wolfenbüttel (Holy Roman Empire).
May 20 – The London publisher Thomas Thorpe issues Shake-speares Sonnets, with a dedication to "Mr. W. H.", and the poem A Lover's Complaint appended. It is unclear whether this has Shakespeare's authority.
July 28 – The Sea Venture is wrecked in Bermuda – an event thought to be an inspiration for Shakespeare's play The Tempest.
October 12 – A version of the rhyme "Three Blind Mice" appears in Deuteromelia or The Seconde part of Musicks melodie (London). The editor and possible author of the verse is the teenage Thomas Ravenscroft.
December 8 – The Sala Fredericiana, the first reading room of the Biblioteca Ambrosiana in Milan, opens. It is one of the first major libraries to have bookshelves ranged along the walls.
December 21 – William Ames delivers a controversial sermon for St Thomas's Day criticizing the "heathenish debauchery" of Cambridge students during the Twelve Days of Christmas.
December 24 – John Marston, having retired from writing for the theater, is ordained a priest.
c. December – Ben Jonson's comedy Epicœne, or The silent woman is premièred at the Whitefriars Theatre in London by the Children of the Queen's Revels led by Nathan Field.
unknown date – Jacques Auguste de Thou's Historia sui temporis is placed on the Index Librorum Prohibitorum.
New books
Prose
Douay–Rheims Bible
Charles Butler – The Feminine Monarchie, or the History of Bees
Thomas Dekker
Four Birds of Noah's Ark
The Gull's Hornbook
Inca Garcilaso de la Vega – Comentarios Reales de los Incas
Edward Grimeston – A General History of the Netherlands
Hugo Grotius – Mare liberum
Johannes Kepler – Astronomia nova
Bartolomé Leonardo de Argensola – Conquista de las Islas Molucas
Marc Lescarbot – Histoire de la Nouvelle-France
Thomas Middleton
Sir Robert Sherley their Entertainment in Cracovia (translation)
The Two Gates of Salvation
William Rowley – A Search for Money
St. Francis de Sales – Introduction à la vie dévote (Introduction to the Devout Life)
Wang Qi (王圻) and Wang Siyi (王思义) – Sancai Tuhui (三才圖會, Illustrations of the Three Powers)
Drama
Anonymous – Every Woman in Them Humour (published)
Robert Armin (published)
The History of the Two Maids of More-clacke
The Italian Tailor and their Boy
Fulke Greville – Mustapha (published)
Ben Jonson
(and collaborators?) – The Case is Altered (published)
Epicœne, or The silent woman
William Shakespeare (published)
Pericles, Prince of Tyre
Troilus and Cressida
Poetry
Alonso Jerónimo de Salas Barbadillo – La Patrona de Madrid restituida
Samuel Daniel – Civil Wars (first complete edition, revised)
William Shakespeare – The Sonnets and A Lover's Complaint
Births
February 10 – Sir John Suckling, English poet (died 1642)
February 18 – Edward Hyde, 1st Earl of Clarendon, English historian (died 1674)
August 19 – Jean Rotrou, French poet and dramatist (died 1650)
October 5 – Paul Fleming, German poet (died 1640)
October 19 – Gerrard Winstanley, English religious and political writer (died 1676)
December 24 – Philip Warwick, English politician and memoirist (died 1683)
unknown date – Gauthier de Costes, seigneur de la Calprenède, French novelist and dramatist (died 1663)
probable – Barbara Blaugdone, English Quaker autobiographer (died 1705)
Deaths
January 21 – Joseph Justus Scaliger, French Protestant writer (born 1540)
March 9 – William Warner, English poet (born c. 1558)
August 22 – Judah Loew ben Bezalel, Jewish mystic and philosopher (born 1525)
October 19 – Jacobus Arminius, Dutch theologian (born 1560)
December 4 – Alexander Hume, Scottish poet (born c. 1560)
December – Barnabe Barnes, English poet (born c. 1571)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
HMS Advice was the mercantile cutter Brilliant building at Itchen Ferry that the Royal Navy purchased in 1796 while they were building. The Navy wished to employ them as an armed advice schooner. Mr.S.Wilson commissioned them in November 1796 and they were based at Plymouth. They were converted to a cutter rig in 1797 and had defects repaired between June and August 1799 at Plymouth.
From about 1798 Advice was serving as a tender to Royal William, then anchored at Portsmouth and serving as the flagship to Admiral Sir Peter Parker and then Admiral Mark Milbanke, Commander-in-Chief, Portsmouth.
On 15 June 1798 the tender Advice captured Stadt Emden.
On 31 May 1799 the tenders Advice and Ann captured Rosalio and Betty.
On 30 April 1800 the tenders Advice and Ann captured Embden.
Advices subsequent career and fate are uncertain. A key source reports that Lieutenant Joseph Nourse commanded them in 1802 and sailed them out to Trinidad to serve as a tender there. It goes on to report that Lieutenant John Salter commanded them in 1804, but that they were lost in the West Indies in 1804. However, this information is highly questionable. The same source elsewhere has Lieutenant Nourse taking command of in 1802 and sailing them to Trinidad. Although the same source does not mention Lieutenant Salter, it is improbable that in either case a lieutenant would command so small a vessel with a crew of only ten men. Lastly, the premier source on British warship losses between 1650 and 1859 has no mention of an Advice being lost after 1793, in the West Indies or anywhere else. Another major source on the Royal Navy reports that the Advice of this article was last listed in August 1799.
It appears that the Navy laid up Advice at Portsmouth, freeing up the name for the newly-built . (The new Advice was three times the size, in both length and burthen, of their predecessor.) Then, the "Principle Officers and Commissioners of Their Majesty's Navy", offered "His Majesty's Cutter Advice, lying at Portsmouth" for sale on 1 April 1807.
Citations and references
Citations
References
1796 ships
Schooners of the Royal Navy
Cutters of the Royal Navy
The butterfly effect describes a phenomenon in chaos theory whereby a minor change in circumstances can cause a large change in outcome. The scientific concept is attributed to Edward Lorenz, a mathematician and meteorologist who used the metaphor to describe their research findings related to chaos theory and weather prediction, initially in a 1972 paper titled "Predictability: Does the Flap of a Butterfly's Wings in Brazil Set Off a Tornado in Texas?" The butterfly metaphor is attributed to the 1952 Ray Bradbury short story "A Sound of Thunder".
The concept has been widely adopted by popular culture, and interpreted to mean that small events have a rippling effect that cause much larger events to occur, and has become a common reference.
Examples
"A Sound of Thunder"
The 1952 short story "A Sound of Thunder" by Ray Bradbury explores the concept of how the death of a butterfly in the past could have drastic changes in the future, and has been used as an example of "the butterfly effect" and how to consider chaos theory and the physics of time travel. The story has since been made into a film of the same name and an episode of the television series Ray Bradbury Theater.
Films
The influence of the concept can be seen in the films The Terminator, Back to the Future, X-Men: Days of Future Past, and Cloud Atlas.
In the 1990 film Havana, the character played by Robert Redford states, "A butterfly can flutter its wings over a flower in China and cause a hurricane in the Caribbean", and scientists "can even calculate the odds". According to science journalist Peter Dizikes, the films Havana and The Butterfly Effect mischaracterize the butterfly effect by asserting the effect can be calculated with certainty, because this is the opposite of its scientific meaning in chaos theory as it relates to the unpredictability of certain physical systems; Dizikes writes in 2008, "The larger meaning of the butterfly effect is not that we can readily track such connections, but that we can't."
In the 1993 movie Jurassic Park, Dr. Ian Malcolm (played by Jeff Goldblum) attempts to explain chaos theory to Dr. Ellie Sattler (played by Laura Dern), specifically referencing the butterfly effect, by stating "It simply deals with unpredictability in complex systems", and "The shorthand is 'the butterfly effect.' A butterfly can flap its wings in Peking, and in Central Park, you get rain instead of sunshine."
Other examples include Terry Pratchett's novel Interesting Times, which tells of the magical "Quantum Weather Butterfly" with the ability to manipulate weather patterns. The 2009 film Mr. Nobody incorporates the butterfly effect and the concept of smaller events that result in larger changes altering a person's life.
The 2020 - 2021 miniseries of short films Explaining the Pandemic to my Past Self by Julie Nolke incorporates the butterfly effect as a limitation on how much they can explain to their past self.
The 2021 film Needle in a Timestack is described in a review by The Guardian as having a plot where the character played by Leslie Odom Jr. "sets off a calamitous butterfly effect that results in, not the survival of dinosaurs, not a deadly plague, not an Allied loss of the second world war, but them being married to Freida Pinto instead of Cynthia Erivo."
Television
The concept is referenced in a Treehouse of Horror episode of the television series The Simpsons.
"My Butterfly", an episode from the TV show Scrubs, features two separate timelines, each influenced by the butterfly effect. The season four premiere episodes of Ugly Betty are named "The Butterfly Effect Part 1" and "The Butterfly Effect Part 2", and a review of the episodes in Vulture states, "Ugly Betty is certainly invested in the physics of the Butterfly Effect, too: One small change can indeed cause large-scale effects."
Video games
The concept is also incorporated into video games, including Eve Online. The 2015 video game Until Dawn features the butterfly effect as a central plot point, using the concept to describe how player choices can drastically affect the outcome of events. The video game series Life Is Strange, first released in 2015, makes multiple references to the butterfly effect and uses it to describe how player choices affect the plot of the game.
Books
The 2020 biography of Kendrick Lamar, The Butterfly Effect: How Kendrick Lamar Ignited the Soul of Black America by Marcus J. Moore, chronicles "what if" moments during Lamar's life and developing career, including what happened after the release of To Pimp a Butterfly.
The 2020 book The Butterfly Effect: Insects and the Making of the Modern World by Edward Melillo incorporates the concept to discuss the influence of insects.
Other popular culture
During the COVID-19 pandemic, "the butterfly effect" was also used to describe the impact of increased waiting times within the health care system in the UK, i.e. "The knock-on effect this would have on my day – the beating of a butterfly's wings in the morning causing tornadoes by the afternoon", and as a justification for the suppression of news in China about the death of Li Wenliang.
See also
Alternate history
Time travel in fiction
List of time travel works of fiction
References
External links
"The meaning of the butterfly: Why pop culture loves the 'butterfly effect,' and gets it totally wrong", Peter Dizikes, The Boston Globe, 8 June 2008
Chaos theory
Science in popular culture
Topics in popular culture
The 1996 Michigan State Spartans football team competed on behalf of Michigan State University as a member of the Big Ten Conference during the 1996 NCAA Division I-A football season. Led by second-year head coach Nick Saban, the Spartans compiled an overall record of 6–6 with a mark of 5–3, tying for fifth place in the Big Ten. Michigan State was invited to the Sun Bowl, where they lost to Stanford, 38–0, on December 31. The team played home games at Spartan Stadium in East Lansing, Michigan.
Schedule
Roster
1997 NFL Draft
The following players were selected in the 1997 NFL Draft.
References
Michigan State
Michigan State Spartans football seasons
Michigan State Spartans football
Baron Otto Grote zu Schauen (25 December 1636 O.S. / 4 January 1637 N.S. – 5/15 September 1693) was a Hanoverian statesman.
They were born in Sønderborg (Duchy of Schleswig), and came from a noble lineage. After the Thirty Years' War, they studied at the University of Helmstedt and the University of Leiden and then went traveling.
From 1665, they were privy councilor and chamberlain of initially Johann Friedrich, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg, and then the duke's younger brother and successor, Ernest Augustus, Elector of Hanover.
They died in Hamburg in the midst of negotiations with Denmark over Saxe-Lauenburg. Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz wrote a couplet on their death.
References
Deutsche Biographische Enzyklopädie, vol. 4, S. 201.
Wilhelm Rothert, A. Rothert, M. Peters (ed.): Hannoversche Biographie, vol. 3: Hannover unter dem Kurhut, 1646 - 1815, 1916, .
Klaus Mlynek: Grote zu Schauen, Otto Reichsfrhr., in , .
1637 births
1693 deaths
People from the Electorate of Hanover
People from Sønderborg Municipality
Sir William Maurice (April 1552 – August 1622) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1593 and 1611.
Maurice was the son of Morys ap Ellis ap Morys, and grandson of Ellis ap Morris of Clennenau, their brother was captain Ellis Maurice fought for Queen Elizabeth I in Ireland. They were one of the Council of the Marches of Wales. They were High Sheriff of Caernarvonshire in 1582 and High Sheriff of Merionethshire in 1591. In 1593, they were elected Member of Parliament for Carnarvonshire. They were High Sheriff of Carnarvonshire again in 1596. In 1597 they were re-elected MP for Carnarvonshire. In 1601 they were elected MP for Beaumaris. They were a personal friend of James I, and induced them to assume the title of King of Great Britain. They were knighted at Whitehall on 23 July 1603. In 1604 they were elected MP for Carnarvonshire again. They were High Sheriff of Merionethshire again in 1606. They were of Clennenau and was probably constable of Harlech Castle.
Maurice died at the age of 70 and was buried at Penmorfa.
Maurice married firstly Margaret Lacon only daughter of John Wyn Lacon of Elanddyn and Porkington. They died in 1572 and was buried at Selattyn on 18 February 1572. They married secondly Ellen Wis, widow of John Wis of Chwaen and daughter of Hugh ap Llewelyn. Their third wife, whom they married between 6 June 1604 and 8 June 1605 was Jane Johnes widow of Sir Thomas Johnes of Abfrmarles and daughter of Rowland Puleston of Carnarvon.
Maurice employed a tailor in Shrewsbury, John Langley. In 1594 they ordered clothing for their wife and daughter, including a farthingale and farthingale sleeves.
References
1552 births
1622 deaths
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
High Sheriffs of Caernarvonshire
High Sheriffs of Merionethshire
16th-century Welsh politicians
17th-century Welsh politicians
English MPs 1593
English MPs 1597–1598
English MPs 1601
English MPs 1604–1611
Members of the Parliament of England for Beaumaris
The North Carolina State Board of Elections (NCSBE) is an agency of the North Carolina state government charged with the administration of the elections process, as well as campaign finance, and lobbying disclosure and compliance. The State Board of Elections works in conjunction with the state's 100 County Boards of Elections.
Session Law 2018-146 re-established the pre-2017 board, effective January 31, 2019. The agency will thus be overseen by a five-member board – three from the governor's party and two from the other party. From March 2018 until December 2018, a contested nine-member Bipartisan State Board of Elections and Ethics Enforcement existed (see below). The agency had a vacant board from June 2017 until March 2018.
Bipartisan State Board of Elections and Ethics Enforcement (2017–18)
The Bipartisan State Board of Elections and Ethics Enforcement was created as an agency overseen by an eight-member board, merging the five-member State Board of Elections, the State Ethics Commission and the Lobbying Compliance Division of the Secretary of State's Office. A first law to this effect was signed by outgoing Governor McCrory (R) on December 16, 2016 in a special session shortly after Roy Cooper (D) defeated McCrory in the November 2016 gubernatorial election. With the law, the Republican-majority General Assembly limited the power of the newly elected Democratic Governor in the appointment of the board's members. Newly sworn in Governor Cooper filed suit, and the law was struck down on March 17, 2017 by a three-judge panel of Wake County Superior Court. In April 2017, a new version of the law, Senate Bill 68, was passed by the General Assembly by overriding Governor Cooper's veto, enacting Session Law 2017-6.
Governor Cooper sued again and on June 1, 2017, the same panel as in the previous case dismissed the lawsuit for lack of jurisdiction. Cooper appealed, while the new State Board remained vacant. On January 26, 2018, the North Carolina Supreme Court held in Cooper v. Berger that the provisions of this law regarding membership and appointment of the board violated the separation of powers clause under the Constitution of North Carolina. The General Assembly subsequently passed House Bill 90, creating a ninth position on the state board and giving the governor more control over the appointments. While Governor Cooper let the bill become law without their signature, they again filed suit. Governor Cooper appointed the board's members in March 2018, after it being vacant since June 2017. The General Assembly also referred a constitutional amendment to the November 2018 ballot, which would have codified this board into the constitution. It was opposed by the current and former governors and was ultimately defeated, 62% to 38%, by voters.
Additionally, in October 2018, just weeks before the November elections, the same three-judge panel of the earlier lawsuits ruled the nine-member board unconstitutional as well. Because of the timing, the court allowed the board to continue operating until after the elections.
However, the nine-member board did not certify the 9th Congressional District election on November 27, ordering an investigation into election fraud. Therefore the judges issued a stay of their order, allowing time for the investigation to be conducted and for the General Assembly to enact a law for a new board. The General Assembly thus passed a bill in December 2018 (over the Governor's veto) re-establishing the former State Board of Elections and State Ethics Commission as separate bodies, effective January 31, 2019. However, the existing nine-member board set a hearing for January 11, 2019, well beyond the December 28 deadline ordered by the court. The court refused to extend the deadline further, dissolving the board while the congressional election remained unresolved.
See also
Elections in North Carolina
References
External links
North Carolina State Board of Elections
North Carolina elections
Election commissions in the United States
Hwang Sang-ho (born 28 May 1971) is a South Korean former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1971 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of South Korea
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
South Korean male sport wrestlers
Asian Games medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 1994 Asian Games
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
20th-century South Korean people
21st-century South Korean people
Java Desktop System, briefly known as OpenSolaris Desktop, is a legacy desktop environment developed first by Sun Microsystems and then by Oracle Corporation after the 2010 Oracle acquisition of Sun. Java Desktop System is available for Solaris and was once available for Linux. The Linux version was discontinued after Solaris was released as open source software in 2005. Java Desktop System aims to provide a system familiar to the average computer user with a full suite of office productivity software such as an office suite, a web browser, email, calendaring, and instant messaging.
Despite being known as the Java Desktop System, it is not actually written in Java. Rather, it is built around a tweaked version of GNOME along with other common free software projects, which are written mostly in C and C++. The name reflected Sun's promotion of the product as an outlet for corporate users to deploy software written for the Java platform.
Versions
Sun first bundled a preview release of GNOME 1.4 on a separate CD for Solaris 8.
JDS version 2 included:
Java
GNOME (using the Blueprint theme)
StarOffice
Mozilla
Evolution
MP3 and CD player
Java Media Framework's Java Media Player
Gaim multi-service instant messaging
RealPlayer
JDS Release 2 was available for Solaris and for the SuSE-based Linux distribution.
JDS Release 3 was released in 2005. It was included with Solaris 10 — upon installation of Solaris, one has the choice of using either the CDE or JDS. It was based on GNOME 2.6 and available only for the Solaris 10 platform.
OpenSolaris Desktop
OpenSolaris received its own version of the Java Desktop System. OpenSolaris Desktop was tied to the OpenSolaris operating system, and did not have its own release schedule.
OpenSolaris Desktop 01 (released October 28, 2005) was based on GNOME 2.10 and OpenSolaris Desktop 02 (released December 23, 2005) was based on GNOME 2.12. The last version was released with the release of OpenSolaris 2009.6, and was based on Gnome 2.24. It also included Firefox 3.1, OpenOffice 3 and Sun VirtualBox. The OpenSolaris Desktop line of the Java Desktop System became defunct with the end of the OpenSolaris project.
Availability
With the end of the OpenSolaris project, JDS Release 3 is now the last release of the project on a currently supported operating system Solaris 10. Newer Solaris based operating systems have abandoned the Java Desktop System. Solaris 11 and projects based upon the OpenSolaris codebase such as OpenIndiana use a stock version of GNOME.
See also
Project Looking Glass
References
External links
Oracle Documentation
OS News review December 2003
eWeek Review December 2003
Desktop environments
Java platform software
Oracle software
Sun Microsystems software
Desktop environments based on GTK
Free desktop environments
GNOME
Software forks
Yuanmiao Temple (), may refer to:
Yuanmiao Temple (Putian), in Putian, Fujian, China
Yuanmiao Temple (Huizhou), in Huizhou, Fujian, China
The Denver Botanic Gardens is a public botanical garden located in the Cheesman Park neighborhood of Denver, Colorado. The park contains a conservatory, a variety of theme gardens and a sunken amphitheater, which hosts various concerts in the summer.
Location
There are three diverse locations that are part of the Denver Botanic Gardens as a whole. The main location, and the formal garden, is the York Street location in east-central Denver. Denver Botanic Gardens at Chatfield (near Chatfield State Park) features natural meadow and riparian areas, as well as a historic farm and homestead. Mt. Goliath, on the route to Mount Evans, is an alpine wildflower garden (along hiking trails).
The Denver Botanic Gardens, along with nearby Cheesman Park and Congress Park, sit atop what used to be Prospect Hill cemetery. Although the majority of bodies were removed in 1893, the interred continued to be removed as late as the 1950s. As recently as 2010, graves were uncovered during renovation of the park's irrigation and sprinkler systems.
The Gardens
Denver Botanic Gardens features North America's largest collection of plants from cold temperate climates around the world, as well as 7 diverse gardens that mostly include plants from Colorado and neighboring states.
The world's first Xeriscape Demonstration Garden was created at the Gardens in 1986, and 2 years later its name was changed to Dryland Mesa. It was based on the "7 Principles" of Xeriscape, and includes drought-tolerant plants from the arid West and Mediterranean areas.
The Japanese Garden is called Shofu-en—the Garden of Wind and Pines. It was designed by Koichi Kawana in collaboration with Kai Kwahara.
The York Street location of the Botanic Gardens opened Denver's first publicly accessible green roof.
The Denver Botanic Gardens also boasts the first conservatory in America that was made entirely of concrete and Plexiglas panes, each of which were designed to channel condensation to the sides of the walls so it would not drip on visitors. The Boettcher Memorial Tropical Conservatory was awarded landmark status in 1973
In 2020 the Gardens published Firsthand: Creating Gardens for All People, commissioned by CEO Brian Vogt, researched by Karen Peters, Davis Benson and Dan Obarski, and published by Beckon Books. The book won the Independent Book Publishers Association Benjamin Franklin Silver Award in the Coffee Table book category in 2021.
See also
Boettcher Memorial Tropical Conservatory
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
External links
Official Website
Botanical gardens in Colorado
Institutions accredited by the American Alliance of Museums
Tourist attractions in Denver
Music venues in Colorado
Flora of Colorado
Japanese-American culture in Colorado
Japanese gardens in the United States
Protected areas of Denver
1951 establishments in Colorado
Mas is a village about six km south of Ubud, Bali, Indonesia – known for their woodcarvings. Mas is the home of the renowned Nyana & Tilem Gallery. The area also is the birthplace of the famous Mask Carver Ida Bagus Sutarja (25 November 1934 – 2 January 2002). Their wife, 'Ida Ayu Madri Yadnya Swari Dewi' and offspring, respected artists in their own right, still produce unique artwork in the I.B. Sutarja – Mask Carver- Gallery.
Populated places in Bali
Mary Treen (born Mary Louise Summers, March 27, 1907 – July 20, 1989) was an American film and television actor. A minor actor for much of their career, they managed to secure a plain, unassuming niche for themselves in the Hollywood of the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s.
Early years
Treen was born in St. Louis, Missouri, the daughter of attorney Don C. Summers and actor Helene Sullivan Summers. In 1908, when they were 11 months old, their mother sued their father for divorce on the grounds that they failed to provide for them Them father died while they were an infant. They were reared in California by their mother and stepfather, a physician. They attended the Westlake School for Girls and a convent where they tried out successfully in school plays. They were a Roman Catholic.
Career
During their career, Treen was seen in over 40 films. Among their film roles were Tilly, the secretary of the Building and Loan, in It's a Wonderful Life (1946), and the role of Pat in the drama Kitty Foyle (1940) starring Ginger Rogers.
In the 1954–1955 season, Treen appeared in 38 episodes as Emily Dodger on the CBS situation comedy Willy. Them longest-running role was as Hilda, the maid and baby nursein 64 episodes of the NBC and CBS sitcom The Joey Bishop Show from 1962 to 1965.
Treen was a Republican who supported the campaign of Dwight Eisenhower during the 1952 presidential election.
Death
Treen died of cancer at their home in Newport Beach, California, on July 20, 1989, at age 82. Them only survivors were distant cousins. One of their cousins was actor Mort Mills.
Partial filmography
Viennese Nights (1930) – Shocked Woman on Street (uncredited)
Crooner (1932) – One of Teddy's Fans (uncredited)
Jimmy the Gent (1934) – Nurse (scenes deleted)
Happiness Ahead (1934) – Bob's Comedienne Friend
The St. Louis Kid (1934) – Giddy Girl (scenes deleted)
Babbitt (1934) – Miss McGoun, Babbitt's Secretary
Maybe It's Love (1935) – Secretary (uncredited)
Red Hot Tires (1935) – Maggie
Sweet Music (1935) – Girl at the Railroad (uncredited)
A Night at the Ritz (1935) – Isabelle, Hassler's Secretary
Traveling Saleslady (1935) – Miss Wells
The Case of the Curious Bride (1935) – Telegraph Office Clerk (uncredited)
G Men (1935) – Gregory's Secretary (uncredited)
Go into Your Dance (1935) – Silent Showgirl (uncredited)
The Girl from 10th Avenue (1935) – Secretary (uncredited)
Front Page Woman (1935) – Nurse (uncredited)
Don't Bet on Blondes (1935) – Owen's secretary
Broadway Gondolier (1935) – 2nd Irate Caller (uncredited)
Page Miss Glory (1935) – Beauty Shop Operator
I Live for Love (1935) – Clementine – Donna's Maid
The Case of the Lucky Legs (1935) – Spudsy's Wife
Shipmates Forever (1935) – Cowboy's Girl (uncredited)
I Found Stella Parish (1935) – Sob Sister (uncredited)
Miss Pacific Fleet (1935) – Violet Johnson – Butch's Girl (uncredited)
Broadway Hostess (1935) – Nurse (uncredited)
Dangerous (1935) – Huree – a Nurse (uncredited)
The Murder of Dr. Harrigan (1936) – Nurse Margaret Brody
Freshman Love (1936) – Squirmy
Colleen (1936) – Miss Hively – Cedric's Secretary (uncredited)
Brides Are Like That (1936) – Jennie
Snowed Under (1936) – Secretary Taking Mike's Dictation (uncredited)
The Singing Kid (1936) – Secretary (scenes deleted)
The Golden Arrow (1936) – Appleby's Secretary (uncredited)
Murder by an Aristocrat (1936) – Florrie
Public Enemy's Wife (1936) – Telephone Operator (uncredited)
Jailbreak (1936) – Gladys Joy
Love Begins at 20 (1936) – Alice Gillingwater
Stage Struck (1936) – Ms. Warren (uncredited)
Down the Stretch (1936) – Nurse
The Captain's Kid (1936) – Libby, the Housekeeper
Fugitive in the Sky (1936) – Agatha Ormsby
God's Country and the Woman (1937) – Miss Flint
Maid of Salem (1937) – Susy Abbott
They Gave Him a Gun (1937) – Saxe
The Go Getter (1937) – Mrs. Blair
Ever Since Eve (1937) – Employment Clerk
Dance Charlie Dance (1937) – Jennie Wolfe – Arden's Agent
Marry the Girl (1937) – Kidnapped Nurse (uncredited)
Talent Scout (1937) – Janet Morris
Mr. Dodd Takes the Air (1937) – Fan with Locket (uncredited)
Second Honeymoon (1937) – Elsie
Missing Witnesses (1937) – Woman Waiting in Lane's Office (uncredited)
Change of Heart (1938) – Stenographer (uncredited)
Swing It, Sailor! (1938) – Gertie Burns
Sally, Irene and Mary (1938) – Miss Barkow
Kentucky Moonshine (1938) – 'Sugar' Hatfield
Rascals (1938) – Patient (uncredited)
Always Goodbye (1938) – Al's Bride-to-Be (uncredited)
Young Fugitives (1938) – Kathy
I'll Give a Million (1938) – Nanette (uncredited)
Strange Faces (1938) – Lorry May
Pride of the Navy (1939) – Minor Role (uncredited)
Three Smart Girls Grow Up (1939) – Secretary (uncredited)
For Love or Money (1939) – Amy, The Maid
When Tomorrow Comes (1939) – Waitress (uncredited)
Babes in Arms (1939) – Receptionist (uncredited)
Dad for a Day (1939, Short) – Employment Agency Receptionist (uncredited)
First Love (1939) – Agnes, Barbara's Maid
Danger on Wheels (1940) – Esme
Double Alibi (1940) – Hospital Switchboard Operator
Girl in 313 (1940) – Jenny, Hotel Maid
Queen of the Mob (1940) – Billy's Nurse
Black Diamonds (1940) – Nina Norton
Dulcy (1940) – Miss Twill (uncredited)
Kitty Foyle (1940) – Pat Day
Tall, Dark and Handsome (1941) – Martha, Sales Girl
The Flame of New Orleans (1941) – Party Guest (uncredited)
Father Takes a Wife (1941) – Secretary
You Belong to Me (1941) – Doris
Pacific Blackout (1941) – Irene
Roxie Hart (1942) – Secretary (uncredited)
The Night Before the Divorce (1942) – Olga – the Maid
True to the Army (1942) – Mae
Ship Ahoy (1942) – Nurse (uncredited)
The Great Man's Lady (1942) – Persis
They All Kissed the Bride (1942) – Susie Johnson
Between Us Girls (1942) – Mary Belle
Stand By All Networks (1942) – Nora Cassidy
My Heart Belongs to Daddy (1942) – Dawn (uncredited)
Lady Bodyguard (1943) – Miss Tracy
The Powers Girl (1943) – Nancy
Flight for Freedom (1943) – Newspaper Woman (uncredited)
They Got Me Covered (1943) – Helen
Hit Parade of 1943 (1943) – Janie
So Proudly We Hail! (1943) – Lt. Sadie Schwartz
Thank Your Lucky Stars (1943) – Fan (uncredited)
Mystery Broadcast (1943) – Smitty
Hands Across the Border (1944) – Sophie Lawrence
The Navy Way (1944) – Agnes
Swing in the Saddle (1944) – Addie LaTour
I Love a Soldier (1944) – Cecilia 'Cissy' Grant
Casanova Brown (1944) – Monica Case
Tahiti Nights (1944) – Mata
High Powered (1945) – Cassie McQuade
Don Juan Quilligan (1945) – Lucy Blake
Blonde from Brooklyn (1945) – Diane Peabody
They Wouldn't Say Yes (1945) – Train Passenger at Bar
A Guy Could Change (1946) – Grace Conley
From This Day Forward (1946) – Alice Beesley
Strange Impersonation (1946) – Talkative Nurse
Swing Parade of 1946 (1946) – Marie Finch
One Exciting Week (1946) – Mabel Taylor
It's a Wonderful Life (1946) – Cousin Tilly
A Likely Story (1947) – Nurse (uncredited)
Merton of the Movies (1947) – Gladys (uncredited)
Shed No Tears (1948) – Hilda – the Maid (uncredited)
Texas, Brooklyn & Heaven (1948) – Wife (uncredited)
The Snake Pit (1948) – Nurse Jones (uncredited)
Let's Live a Little (1948) – Miss Adams
And Baby Makes Three (1949) – Mrs. Bennett (uncredited)
Young Daniel Boone (1950) – Helen Bryan
The Fuller Brush Girl (1950) – Woman Selling Magazine (uncredited)
The Stooge (1951) – Ms. Regan (uncredited)
Room for One More (1952) – Grace Roberts
Sailor Beware (1952) – Ginger
Dreamboat (1953) – Wife in Bar (uncredited)
Let's Do It Again (1953) – Nelly – the Maid
Clipped Wings (1953) – Mildred
The Eternal Sea (1955) – Admitting Nurse (uncredited)
When Gangland Strikes (1956) – Emily Parsons
The Birds and the Bees (1956) – Mrs. Burnside
Calling Homicide (1956) – Flo Burton – Script Girl (uncredited)
Bundle of Joy (1956) – Matron
The Go-Getter (1956) – Miss Wellington, aptitude tester
Public Pigeon No. 1 (1957) – Mrs. Bates (uncredited)
Hold That Hypnotist (1957) – Hotel Maid (uncredited)
Gun Duel in Durango (1957) – Spinster
The Last Stagecoach West (1957) – Miss Feeney, Bryceson's Secretary (uncredited)
The Joker Is Wild (1957) – Heckler (uncredited)
The Sad Sack (1957) – Sgt. Hansen
Rock-A-Bye Baby (1958) – Nurse
I Married a Monster from Outer Space (1958) – Mother Bradley (uncredited)
Don't Give Up the Ship (1959) – Mother at Wedding Party (uncredited)
Career (1959) – Marie, Secretary to Shirley Drake
All in a Night's Work (1961) – Miss Schuster
Ada (1961) – Clubwoman with Pecan Pie (uncredited)
Bachelor in Paradise (1961) – Mrs. Bruce Freedman (uncredited)
The Errand Boy (1961) – Commissary Cashier
Girls! Girls! Girls! (1962) – Mrs. Figgot – Hat Customer (uncredited)
Fun in Acapulco (1963) – Mrs Stevers (uncredited)
Who's Minding the Store? (1963) – Mattress Customer
Paradise, Hawaiian Style (1966) – Mrs. Belden
The Strongest Man in the World (1975) – Mercedes
Goodbye, Franklin High (1978) – Teacher
Television
The Life of Riley as Millie in "Assistant Manager" (1949)
The Gene Autry Show (2 episodes, 1952)
Willy (series regular, 1954–1955) as Emily Dodger
Crossroads in "Broadway Trust" (1955)
The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show as Mrs. Curtis in "George's Mother-in-Law Trouble" (1955)
Four Star Playhouse as Madeline in "A Kiss for Mr. Lincoln" (1955)
It's a Great Life as Thelma Purcell in "A Job for Kathy" (1955)
Climax! in "The Day They Gave the Babies Away" (1955)
Hey, Jeannie! as Katie in "Jeannie the Policewoman" (1957)
The Jack Benny Program (1957, 1962, 2 episodes)
The Donna Reed Show (1958–1965, 3 episodes)
Bourbon Street Beat as Clairibelle in "Mrs. Viner Vanishes" (1959)
M Squad as Mary Cosgrove in "Voluntary Surrender" (1959)
Denise the Menace (1960, season 2 episode 6)
The Ann Sothern Show (1959–1960, 2 episodes)
The DuPont Show with June Allyson as Hazel in "The Doctor and the Redhead" (1960)
The Loretta Young Show as Aunt Gladys in "Off-Duty Affair" (1960)
The Andy Griffith Show (1960–1962, 3 episodes)
Pete and Gladys (1961–1962, 2 episodes)
Bonanza (1961–1962, 2 episodes)
Ichabod and Me in "The Old Stowe Road" and "Women's Rights" (1962)
The Joey Bishop Show (1962–1965)
Perry Mason as Bess in "The Case of the Baffling Bug" (1965)
Please Don't Eat the Daisies as Mabel in "Help Wanted, Desperately" (1967)
The Brady Bunch as Kay in "Goodbye, Alice, Hello" (1972)
Here's Lucy as Mary Winters in "Lucy Fights the System" (1974)
Laverne and Shirley as Nana Shotz in "The Society Party" (1976)
The Dukes of Hazzard as Aunt Clara Coltrane in "Sadie Hogg Day" (1981)
References
External links
1907 births
1989 deaths
20th-century American actores
American film actores
American television actores
Actresses from St. Louis
Actresses from Los Angeles
Deaths from cancer in California
Harvard-Westlake School alumni
California Republicans
Missouri Republicans
American Roman Catholics
A barquette is a pastry shell in the shape of a boat containing either a savory or sweet filling. Barquettes may be served as an hors d'oeuvre or as a dessert.
Examples of barquette fillings include fruit, vegetables, custard, or smoked salmon.
History and etymology
The word barquette is a diminutive of the French word barque, meaning ship.
The first known use of the word was in 1881.
References
French pastries
The Pygora goat is a breed of goat that originated from crossing the registered NPGA Pygmy goat and the white AAGBA Angora goat. Pygoras, along with the Angora goat and Cashmere goat, are fiber goats (goats bred for their wool). Pygora goats produce three distinct kinds of fleece.
History
The Pygora was a purposeful cross, bred by Katharine Jorgensen of Oregon City, Oregon. In 1987, the Pygora Breeders Association was formed in the United States, and has since then been registering and promoting Pygoras. Today, the registered Pygora goat may not be more than 75% AAGBA-registered Angora goat or 75% NPGA-registered Pygmy goat.
Breed standards
First generation (F1) Pygmy-Angora crosses are not considered true Pygoras; however, these may be bred with other Pygora goats, F1 crosses, or back to pure Pygmy or Angora goats to produce true Pygora goats. This may be continued while maintaining the integrity of the breed as long as they have no more than 75% Pygmy or Angora ancestry.
Characteristics
Pygoras live for 12 to 14 years, and are commonly used for fiber, along with being show, breeding, and fiber-producing animals. The weight of a healthy Pygora depends on whether it is a male, female or kid. Most kids are about 5 pounds at birth; does range in weight from 65 to 75 pounds and bucks and wethers range from 75 to 95 pounds. Pygora fiber is frequently used by artists for spinning, spindling, knitting, crocheting, weaving, tapestries, and other fiber arts. It is also commonly used in clothing. Pygoras can also be milked, producing about one liter per day. Pygora wethers generally have higher quality fiber than the does and bucks because they do not spend all their energy producing young. Pygora are mainly for producing fiber, but some people also show them as a hobby, in fairs, fiber shows, and in 4H. Some pygora breeders and 4-H clubs show goats at the Oregon Flock and Fibre Festival (OFFF). Angoras can be found there as well.
Registered Pygora goats will produce cashmere-like fleece (Classified as Type-C), a mohair-like fleece (Type-A), or a combination of the two fleeces (Type-B). Type-A fleece is composed of fibers averaging 6 or more inches in length that drape in ringlets. It may occur as a single coat, but a silky guard hair is usually present. The fibers are typically less than 28 micrometers in diameter. Type-B fleece fibers average between 3 and in length with one, possibly two, guard hairs. The fibers are usually less than 24 µm in diameter. Type-C fleece is very fine, typically 1 to in length and less than 18.5 µm in diameter. Pygoras come in a variety of colors: white, red, brown, black, gray or a mix of the colors.
References
External links
Pygora Breeders Association
Goat breeds
Fiber-producing goat breeds
Goat breeds originating in the United States
Agriculture in Oregon
NGC 7047 is an intermediate spiral galaxy located about 270 million light-years away in the constellation of Aquarius. NGC 7047 is also classified as a LINER-type galaxy. NGC 7047 has an estimated diameter of 127,350 light years. It was discovered by French astronomer Édouard Stephan on August 20, 1873. In 2009 a supernova was found in NGC 7047.
On January 1, 2009, a type II supernova designated as PTEo9cjq was discovered in NGC 7047.
See also
NGC 7038
References
External links
Intermediate spiral galaxies
LINER galaxies
Aquarius (constellation)
7047
11712
66461
Astronomical objects discovered in 1873
William Frank Schnitzler (January 21, 1904 – June 17, 1983) was an American labor union leader.
Born in Newark, New Jersey, Schnitzler began working on a peddler's wagon, then during World War I worked in an ammunition factory. In the 1920s, they became a metal polisher, then an apprentice baker with the Peerless Baking Company. They joined the Bakery and Confectionery Workers' International Union, rising to become its business agent in 1943, and then its general secretary-treasurer in 1946.
In 1950, Schnitzler became president of the union, but in 1952 they moved to become secretary-treasurer of the American Federation of Labor (AFL), in which role they played a leading role in negotiating its merger with the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO). When the AFL–CIO was formed, they remained in the same position, the second-most senior role in the federation.
In 1961, Schnitzler chaired a committee investigating discrimination against minorities in the union movement, and declared their opposition to racism. They retired in 1969, moving to Lewes, Delaware, where they died in 1983.
References
1904 births
1983 deaths
American trade union leaders
People from Lewes, Delaware
People from Newark, New Jersey
Glenn Dominic Phillips (born 6 December 1996) is a New Zealand cricketer, born in South Africa, who represents the New Zealand national cricket team and plays for Otago domestically. They made their international debut for New Zealand in February 2017. In December 2015, they were named in New Zealand's squad for the 2016 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In December 2017, their younger brother, Dale was named in New Zealand's squad for the 2018 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.
Domestic and franchise career
Phillips was born in South Africa and moved to New Zealand at the age of five. They made their List A debut on 24 January 2015 in the Ford Trophy.
Phillips made their Twenty20 debut on 4 December 2016 in the 2016–17 Super Smash against the Otago Volts, making 55 off 32 deliveries opening the batting. They were the highest run-scorer in the Super Smash, with 369 runs. They scored their first century (116 not out) in the final regular season match against Central Districts where the Stags won by Duckworth-Lewis. They became the second domestic player since Hamish Marshall to score centuries in all three forms of the game, with Phillips being the first to do so within a single domestic season.
They made their first-class debut on 6 March 2017 in the 2016–17 Plunket Shield season against Canterbury. In June 2018, they were awarded a contract with Auckland for the 2018–19 season.
Ahead of the 2018 Caribbean Premier League, they were named as one of five players to watch in the tournament. In June 2020, they were offered a contract by Auckland ahead of the 2020–21 domestic cricket season. In July 2020, they were named in the Jamaica Tallawahs squad for the 2020 Caribbean Premier League. In 2021 they played for Welsh Fire in the inaugural season of the Hundred. In August 2021, they were named in the Barbados Royals' squad for the 2021 Caribbean Premier League.
In February 2022, they were bought by the Sunrisers Hyderabad in the auction for the 2022 Indian Premier League tournament. In April 2022, Phillips was re-signed by Gloucestershire for the 2022 T20 Blast in England. In April 2022, Phillips signed to play for Otago for the 2022–23 domestic season in New Zealand. They joined younger brother Dale at Otago and stated their desire to become a genuine all-rounder under coach Dion Ebrahim. As they secured a central New Zealand cricket contract in May 2022, their deal did not contribute to the Otago retainer salary bill.
International career
In February 2017, they were added to New Zealand's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their series against South Africa, after Martin Guptill was ruled out due to injury. They made their T20I debut for New Zealand against South Africa at Eden Park, Auckland on 17 February 2017.
In October 2017, they were named in New Zealand's One Day International (ODI) squad for their series against India. However, they did not play in that series. In December 2019, Phillips was added to New Zealand's Test squad for the third match against Australia, after Kane Williamson and Henry Nicholls were suffering with flu-like symptoms. They made their Test debut for New Zealand, against Australia, on 3 January 2020.
On 29 November 2020, in the second match against the West Indies, Phillips scored their first century in T20I cricket. It was also scored the fastest century by a New Zealand batsman in a T20I match, coming from 46 balls.
In May 2021, Phillips was awarded with their first central contract by New Zealand Cricket, ahead of the 2021–22 season. In August 2021, Phillips was named in New Zealand's squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup.
In June 2022, Phillips was named in New Zealand's ODI squads for their tours of Ireland and Scotland. They made their ODI debut on 10 July 2022, for New Zealand against Ireland.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Auckland cricketers
Cricketers from East London, Eastern Cape
Gloucestershire cricketers
Naturalised citizens of New Zealand
New Zealand cricketers
New Zealand Test cricketers
New Zealand One Day International cricketers
New Zealand Twenty20 International cricketers
South African emigrants to New Zealand
Welsh Fire cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Félix Fernández Salcines (born 23 May 1964) is a Spanish water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
Notes
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Hyoscyamine (also known as daturine or duboisine) is a naturally occurring tropane alkaloid and plant toxin. It is a secondary metabolite found in certain plants of the family Solanaceae, including henbane, mandrake, angel's trumpets, jimsonweed, tomato, the sorcerers' tree, and deadly nightshade. It is the levorotary isomer of atropine (third of the three major nightshade alkaloids) and thus sometimes known as levo-atropine.
Brand names for hyoscyamine include Symax, HyoMax, Anaspaz, Egazil, Buwecon, Cystospaz, Levsin, Levbid, Levsinex, Donnamar, NuLev, Spacol T/S, and Neoquess.
Uses
Hyoscyamine is used to provide symptomatic relief of spasms caused by various lower abdominal and bladder disorders including peptic ulcers, irritable bowel syndrome, diverticulitis, pancreatitis, colic, and interstitial cystitis. It has also been used to relieve some heart problems, control some of the symptoms of Parkinson's disease, as well as for control of abnormal respiratory symptoms and "hyper-mucus secretions" in patients with lung disease.
It is also useful in pain control for neuropathic pain, chronic pain and palliative care – "comfort care" – for those with intractable pain from treatment resistant, untreatable, and incurable diseases. When combined with opioids it increases the level of analgesia (pain relief) obtained. Several mechanisms are thought to contribute to this effect. The closely related drugs atropine and hyoscine and other members of the anticholinergic drug group like cyclobenzaprine, trihexyphenidyl, and orphenadrine are also used for this purpose. When hyoscyamine is used along with opioids or other anti-peristaltic agents, measures to prevent constipation are especially important given the risk of paralytic ileus.
Adverse effects
Side effects include dry mouth and throat, increased appetite leading to weight gain, eye pain, blurred vision, restlessness, dizziness, arrhythmia, flushing, and faintness. An overdose will cause headache, nausea, vomiting, and central nervous system symptoms including disorientation, hallucinations, euphoria, sexual arousal, short-term memory loss, and possible coma in extreme cases. The euphoric and sexual effects are stronger than those of atropine but weaker than those of Hyoscine, as well as dicycloverine, orphenadrine, cyclobenzaprine, trihexyphenidyl, and ethanolamine antihistamines like phenyltoloxamine.
Pharmacology
Hyoscyamine is an antimuscarinic; i.e., an antagonist of muscarinic acetylcholine receptors. It blocks the action of acetylcholine at parasympathetic sites in sweat glands, salivary glands, stomach secretions, heart muscle, sinoatrial node, smooth muscle in the gastrointestinal tract, and the central nervous system. It increases cardiac output and heart rate, lowers blood pressure and dries secretions. It may antagonize serotonin. At comparable doses, hyoscyamine has 98 per cent of the anticholinergic power of atropine. The other major belladonna-derived drug hyoscine (known in the United States as Scopolamine) has 92 per cent of the antimuscarinic potency of atropine.
Biosynthesis in plants
Hyoscyamine can be extracted from plants of the family Solanaceae, notably Datura stramonium. As hyoscyamine is a direct precursor in the plant biosynthesis of hyoscine, it is produced via the same metabolic pathway.
The biosynthesis of hyoscine begins with the decarboxylation of L-ornithine to putrescine by ornithine decarboxylase (EC 4.1.1.17). Putrescine is methylated to N-methylputrescine by putrescine N-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.53).
A putrescine oxidase (EC 1.4.3.10) that specifically recognizes methylated putrescine catalyzes the deamination of this compound to 4-methylaminobutanal which then undergoes a spontaneous ring formation to N-methylpyrrolium cation. In the next step, the pyrrolium cation condenses with acetoacetic acid yielding hygrine. No enzymatic activity could be demonstrated that catalyzes this reaction. Hygrine further rearranges to tropinone.
Subsequently, tropinone reductase I (EC 1.1.1.206) converts tropinone to tropine which condenses with phenylalanine-derived phenyllactate to littorine. A cytochrome P450 classified as Cyp80F1 oxidizes and rearranges littorine to hyoscyamine aldehyde.
Bush medicine basis
A bush medicine developed by Aboriginal peoples of the eastern states of Australia from the soft corkwood tree, or Duboisia myoporoides, was used by the Allies in World War II to stop soldiers getting seasick when they sailed across the English Channel during the Invasion of Normandy. Later, it was found that the same substance could be used in the production of scopolamine and hyoscyamine, which are used in eye surgery, and a multi-million dollar industry was built in Queensland based on this substance.
References
Tropane alkaloids
Muscarinic antagonists
Antispasmodics
Oneirogens
Tropane alkaloids found in Solanaceae
Carboxylate esters
Entheogens
Plant toxins
LAMP Community (originally the Los Angeles Men's Place) is a Los Angeles-based nonprofit organization located in Skid Row that seeks to permanently end homelessness, improve health, and build self-sufficiency among men and women living with severe mental illness.
Lamp Community also played a prominent role in the movie The Soloist.
History
The Los Angeles Men's Place was founded by Mollie Lowery and Frank Rice in 1985 as a night-time drop-in centre for homeless men with mental problems. The pair later expanded the service to provide permanent supportive housing and complementary social support services. In 2016, LAMP merged with OPCC to form a new organization, The People Concern
Services
Lamp Community operates under, and helped to pioneer, the Housing First model. It offers immediate access to affordable, safe and permanent housing without requiring sobriety or participation in treatment. Once settled in their home, new tenants are surrounded with customized services such as mental health treatment, drug recovery, healthcare, budgeting, visual performing arts, job opportunities, and other supports to help them achieve their goals and become part of their community. LAMP employees are sometimes former tenants. There is also a volunteer program for those wanting to contribute to the foundation.
See also
Housing First
Nathaniel Ayers
References
https://www.thepeopleconcern.org/about/
External links
Lamp Community Website
"Saving for the future, a dollar a time", a radio story originally aired on Marketplace Money on May 16, 2010. The highlights Lamp Community's Money Management Program, which offers personal banking services and financial literacy courses to hundreds of Skid Row residents.
Homelessness organizations
Non-profit organizations based in Los Angeles
Homelessness in the United States
Housing in California
The 2019–20 Biathlon World Cup – Mixed Relay started on Saturday 30 November 2019 in Östersund and will be finished on Sunday 15 March 2020 in Kontiolahti. The defending team was Norway.
Competition format
The relay teams consist of four biathletes. Legs 1 and 2 are skied by the women, and legs 3 and 4 by the men. Two variation have this competition. The both gender's legs are or the women's legs are and men's legs are . Every athlete's leg is skied over three laps, with two shooting rounds: one prone and one standing. For every round of five targets there are eight bullets available, though the last three can only be single-loaded manually from the spare round holders or from bullets deposited by the athlete into trays or onto the mat at the firing line. If after eight bullets there are still standing targets, one penalty loop must be taken for each remaining target. The first-leg participants all start at the same time, and as in cross-country skiing relays, every athlete of a team must touch the team's next-leg participant to perform a valid changeover. On the first shooting stage of the first leg, the participant must shoot in the lane corresponding to their bib number (bib #10 shoots at lane #10 regardless of their position in the race), then for the remainder of the relay, the athletes shoot at the lane corresponding to the position they arrived (arrive at the range in 5th place, shoot at lane five).
The single mixed relay involves one male and one female biathlete each completing two legs consisting of one prone and one standing shoot. The female biathletes all start the race at the same time and complete one leg before exchanging with their male counterparts who complete one leg before exchanging again with the female skier who after completing another leg switches again with the male biathlete who completes the race. The rules regarding shooting are the same as in the regular mixed relay.
2018–19 Top 3 standings
Medal winners
Standings
References
Relay Mixed
Biathlon
Udappu or Udappuwa () is a traditional Tamil fishing and shrimp farming village. situated north of Colombo the capital of Sri Lanka in the North Western Province. It is situated few miles north of Chilaw city and Munneswaram temple.
Topography
It is a coastal village bordered on the west by the Indian Ocean and on the south by Andimunai sand dunes a noted tourist attraction. It also has the Mundal Lagoon to east of the village.
Demography
The estimated population of the village is 15,000 people. The people of the village are Hindu Tamils and are generally considered to be Karaiyar caste. And other castes like , Ambalavanar and Asary(goldsmith). There are also Chettis. and practice their unique brand of Hinduism; their culture and lifestyle are notably different from other people engaged in fishing along the coast of Chilaw. Most of their neighboring villages belonging to the kindred Karave caste and are Catholics or Buddhists and identify themselves as Sinhalese.
Due to the continuing effects of the Sri Lankan civil war, there are also a number of Tamil refugees from rest of the country living in the village, specifically from the eastern Trincomalee district. People in the village are adversely affected by the effects of the civil war.
Culture
The village is known for its elaborate Hindu temples and unique festivals. In the Tamil month of Avani which corresponds to late July to early August, an 18-day festival commences with the flag-hoisting ceremony and ending with fire-walking in front of Udappu's Draupati Amman Temple. The 18-day period is spent in prayer and fasting, with a priest reciting the Mahabharata epic to remind everyone of the story of Draupadi, the five Pandava brothers' common wife, whose chaste and virtuous ways enabled them to recover the kingdom they have been deprived of by King Duryodhana. The Draupadi festival comes to a conclusion on the final evening when the entire male population of Udappu walk barefoot over a bed of red-hot coals without injury in a ceremony called Tee Mithi in Tamil language.
See also
Negombo Tamils
Negombo Tamil dialect
References
External links
Pictures of daily life in Udappu from Flickr
Populated places in Western Province, Sri Lanka
Fishing communities
Populated places in Puttalam District
Thirumittacode inscription (c. 1028 AD) is an early 11th century Chola inscription from Thirumittacode, near Pattambi (opposite to the Palghat Gap, on south bank of Bharathappuzha), in central Kerala. The old Malayalam inscription in Vattezhuthu script (with some Grantha characters) is engraved on the obverse side of a single granite block in the door frame of the Thirumittacode temple. The inscription is one of the rare Chola records found in Kerala proper.
The inscription, dated in the 8th regnal year of Chera Perumal king Ravi Goda (fl. 11th century AD), relates to the rule of Chola emperor Rajendra (r. 1012–1044 AD) in Kerala.
It records the gift of gold equal to forty "pazhankashu" to the Thirumittacode temple by "Chola Mutharaiyan" named Chekkizhan Shakthinjayan from Kavanur, Melur Kottam in Thondai Nadu, who was carrying out the royal orders of emperor Rajendra Chola.
The record mention the old Malayalam name of the temple as "Thiruvitruvacode". It also notes the so-called "Agreement of Muzhikkulam".
References
Kerala history inscriptions
Chola dynasty
Maria Tenazi (née Mariya Aleksandrovna Tadevosyan; 1903–1930) (; ) was a Soviet Armenian silent film actor. They were the star of film Zare (1926), the first Armenian film dedicated to Kurdish culture.
Biography
Mariya Aleksandrovna Tadevosyan was born on May 1, 1903 in Baku, Russian Empire (now Azerbaijan). They attended the N. Petrashevskaya Trade School in Tbilisi, where they studied painting.
Russian film director Vladimir Barsky was traveling and looking for scenic landscapes for Iron Hard Labor, a film about the fight of Georgian laborers for their rights before Russian Revolution in 1917. They were traveling between the small town of Alaverdi and Tbilisi, and on their journey they noticed Tenazi working at a copper foundry. In 1924, director Barsky hired them to act in Iron Hard Labor, their first film, which starred Mikheil Chiaureli and Akaki Khorava.
In 1925, Tenazi was given the starring role in the Barsky film The Secret of the Lighthouse. Them final film was Shelter of Clouds, they became sick while filming. They died of tuberculosis on their birthday, May 1, 1930 in Kobuleti, Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic (now Georgia), at the age of 27.
Filmography
1924 – Iron Hard Labor ()
1924 – The Railway
1925 – The Secret of the Lighthouse (), as Aishe, the daughter
1926 – Zare ()
1926 – The Ninth Wave
1927 – In the Quagmire () as Marusya
1927 – Shelter of Clouds ()
See also
List of Armenian films of the 1920s
References
External links
1903 births
1930 deaths
Armenian actores
Armenian silent film actores
People from Baku
Tuberculosis deaths in Georgia (country)
Soviet film actores
Soviet silent film actores
20th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Minal Hajratwala (born 1971) is a writer, performer, poet, and queer activist of Indian descent. They were born in 1971 in San Francisco, California, US, and was raised in New Zealand and suburban Michigan.  They are a graduate of Stanford University.
Career
 They are the author of Leaving India: My Family's Journey From Five Villages to Five Continents (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2009), which Alice Walker has called "incomparable," and The Washington Post has characterized as "searingly honest." They researched and wrote the book during a seven-year period, traveling the world to interview more than 75 members of their extended family.
Hajratwala's creative work has appeared in journals, anthologies, and theater spaces and has received recognition and support from the Sundance Institute, the Jon Sims Center for the Arts, the SerpentSource Foundation, and the Hedgebrook writing retreat for women, where they serve on the Alumnae Leadership Council. For World AIDS Day in 1999, the Asian Art Museum of San Francisco commissioned their one-woman show, "Avatars: Gods for a New Millennium."
They previously worked as a journalist at the San Jose Mercury News for eight years, was a board member of the National Lesbian and Gay Journalists Association, and was a National Arts Journalism Program fellow at Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism in 2000-01.
In June 2011 Hajratwala and Tom MacMaster, creator of Amina Abdallah Arraf al Omari, engaged in an online dispute over the posting of MacMaster's manuscript.
Hajratwala is the founder of Unicorn Club, "a magical sanctuary where authors of color (and allies who really mean it!) finish our gorgeous, urgently needed books."
Works
2009 Leaving India: My Family's Journey from Five Villages to Five Continents
2010 Out! Stories from The New Queer India (editor)
2015 Bountiful Instructions for Enlightenment
References
External links
Official website
Unicorn Club
"The Heart Breaks" by Minal Hajratwala, published in Lion's Roar (July 27, 2021)
Interview with Public Radio International's The World (March 31, 2009)
Living people
Lambda Literary Award winners
American women writers of Indian descent
American women poets
Stanford University alumni
LGBT rights activists from the United States
American people of Gujarati descent
1971 births
The Mercury News people
American women non-fiction writers
21st-century American poets
21st-century American women writers
Sociteni is a village in Ialoveni District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
Angamaly Diaries is a 2017 Indian Malayalam-language crime drama film directed by Lijo Jose Pellissery and written by Chemban Vinod Jose. The film features 86 debutant actors, with Antony Varghese, Anna Rajan, Kichu Tellus, Ullas Jose Chemban, Vineeth Vishwam, Bitto Davis, Tito Wilson, Sarath Kumar, and Sinoj Varghese playing the main roles. The film is Vijay Babu's first sole production under Friday Film House. The film released on 3 March 2017 to critical acclaim and emerged as a major commercial success.
The story follows Vincent Pepe (Antony Varghese) who wants to be a powerful leader of a righteous gang that will rule the town of Angamaly, like their seniors. The film features an uncut 11-minute long take in the climax featuring around 1000 artists. It was included in The Hindu's top 25 Malayalam films of the decade.
The film was remade in Telugu as Falaknuma Das (2019).
Plot
Vincent Pepe (Antony Varghese) is from Angamaly. They live with their mother (Jolly Chirayath) and their sister Mercy (Athira Patel), while their father went to an undeveloped area in Karnataka to run a cotton business. Although they were brought up to be a devout Catholic and also became an altar server in the local church, and their real role models were the local football team, the New Stars Team, and their captain Babuji (Anson Antony), who was also a good/bad thug, feared by most in Angamaly. Inspired by them, Pepe decides to make their own gang and to be like Babuji and their New Stars Team.
Pepe eventually selects the people for their gang, most of them being their friends. They eventually fall in love with Seema (Amrutha Anna Reji) in their childhood, like the rest of their gang. However, Pepe's friend and gang member Lino leaves the gang as their dad had to move to Chandigarh. The gang adopts a decent name, 'Palliyangadi Team', and they also make their first fight, in college, which ends in a disaster for them and the gang getting admitted in the hospital. Seema feels sorry for him, and the two fall in love. However, news comes that Ravi (Sarath) and Rajan (Tito Wilson) have murdered Babuji, and they get arrested, after the Palliyangadi Team makes a fight. Seema also marries someone else and settles in Singapore, so Pepe falls in love with Sakhi (Binny Rinky Benjamin) who is a nursing student in Angamaly, and their family is settled in Germany. They also happen to be Lily's (Anna Rajan) student. Pepe is hoping to marry Sakhi and to settle in Germany as well. Varkey (Kichu Tellus), a Palliyangadi Team member, falls in love with Alice (Sruthi Jayan), a local police constable at Angamaly.
Pepe, along with owning a cable business, presents the idea of starting a pork business to the gang, to which they accept. They suggest help from Ravi and Rajan, now known as 'Appani Ravi' and 'U-Clamp Rajan', who own a pork farm and shop, and who also trade marijuana throughout Angamaly and participating in other crimes. Pepe reluctantly agrees to this, and they form a business.
The story takes a turn when Pepe accidentally kills someone. There are a lot of fights because of this. The rest of the story revolves around this incident and how Pepe and their friends together get out of this issue.
Cast
Production
The film introduces 86 new actors and the audition was held at different parts of Kerala, especially at Kochi. Actor Chemban Vinod Jose wrote the screenplay. The filming started on 11 October 2016 in Kochi. Angamaly Diaries is Vijay Babu's first sole production after the spat with their business partner Sandra Thomas.
Soundtrack
The film's music was composed by Prashant Pillai, with lyrics by P. S. Rafeeque and Preeti Pillai. The full movie soundtrack was released on 23 February 2017 and consists of 9 songs: six original and three alternate versions.
Release
The film was released on 3 March 2017.
Box office
The film received positive reviews from the critics and became commercial success. The film collected over ₹20 crore in its final run in theatres.
Critical Reception
Since its release, Angamaly Diaries has met with critical acclaim. It was lauded for its realistic making, cinematography, casting and performance of actors. The Hollywood Reporter's Deborah Young termed the film as a "rambunctious breakout" and praised the climax describing it as "dazzling, can't-look-away finale, shot in a single 12-minute take that throws in everything plus the kitchen sink and brings the story to a shrill conclusion".
Anjana George of The Times of India gave the film 4 stars out of 5 and praised the film as "Showcasing a mélange of beautiful visuals, thumping music and natural performances, Angamaly Diaries is one of the more fresh and terrific attempts made by a filmmaker of late in Mollywood Film." They added, "Chemban has woven in the dialect, food, music and culture of the people in Angamaly to the plot, paying careful attention to every intricate detail, while making it an engaging movie." Anna MM Vetticad of Firstpost also gave it 4 stars out of 5 and called it as a "delightful, unexpectedly hilarious take on the squalid underbelly of Kerala's Angamaly town.". They added, "If ever there was an example of the committed cinephile's dictum “it is not the story but the treatment that makes a film”, you have it here. Because if you think about it, Angamaly Diaries – funny and insightful in equal measure – does not have a story in the conventional sense, yet that, among so many other reasons, is what makes it brilliant." Critic Veeyen termed the film as "Excellent" and stated that "the Angamaly that filmmaker Lijo Jose Pellissery and writer Vinod Jose scribble their diary notes on is a dusty, deafening town that smells of pork and sloshed human blood. The ceaseless squabbles for honour, money and might render it a land with almost dystopian proportions, where a terrifyingly realistic tale of subsistence unfurls." Baradwaj Rangan of Film Companion South wrote "Like last year's Kannada blockbuster Kirik Party, Angamaly Diaries is proof that these relatively under-the-radar upstart films are making far better use of mainstream tropes – fights, songs, comedy – than your average mega-budget big-star vehicle...like Premam, Angamaly Diaries places a certain kind of small-town, short-fused masculinity under a microscope. Men are defined by their actions – and I'm not just talking about the action sequences."
The film also received high praises from the film fraternity. Actor Mohanlal wrote: "Happened to watch Angamaly Diaries and I'm impressed by the way the movie is made. Brilliant acting by every one and Kudos to the whole team and to Chemban Vinod Jose and Lijo Jose Pellissery". Actor Prithviraj Sukumaran lauded it as a "stunning piece of film making" and praised its "original writing". Actor Nivin Pauly applauded the casting, performances, story calling them "so refreshing and real". Director Karthik Subbaraj called the film as "Super Fantastic" and lauded it, saying "Writing, Performances & Filmmaking Crafts at its best". Director Anurag Kashyap called it as "an extraordinary film" and tagged Angamaly Diaries as their film of the year so far. Antony Varghese won the Youth Icon Award at Asianet Film Awards.
Accolades
Notes
References
External links
2017 films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Indian crime drama films
Malayalam films remade in other languages
Films shot in Kochi
Angamaly
Films directed by Lijo Jose Pellissery
The Guianan gnatcatcher (Polioptila guianensis) is a species of bird in the family Polioptilidae. It is found in Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Guianan gnatcatcher is monotypic. Two former subspecies, Rio Negro gnatcatcher (Polioptila facilis) and Para gnatcatcher (P. paraensis, also called Klages's gnatcatcher) have been treated as separate species since mid-2019. The Inambari gnatcatcher (P. attenboroughi) and Iquitos gnatcatcher (P. clementsi), which were accepted as new species at about that time, are very closely related to it.
Description
The Guianan gnatcatcher is long and weighs . The male's head, back, and breast are bluish gray. It has a broken white eye ring. The innermost feathers of its tail are black and the two outermost white. Its throat and belly are white. The female is similar but a paler gray and has a white supercilium.
Distribution and habitat
The Guianan gnatcatcher is found in the Guianas and adjoining Brazil south to the Amazon River. Its range might also extend westward into eastern Venezuela. It inhabits the borders and canopy of humid primary forest, savanna forest, and dryland forest.
Behavior
Feeding
The Guianan gnatcatcher's diet has not been documented but is assumed to be arthropods like that of other Polioptila gnatcatchers. It actively forages as part of mixed-species flocks.
Breeding
The Guianan gnatcatcher's breeding phenology is essentially unknown, but "A male was observed feeding a fledgling on 27 November 1984 in French Guiana".
Vocalization
The Guianan gnatcatcher's song is "fairly simple...repeated high notes" .
Status
The IUCN has not assessed the Guianan gnatcatcher separately from the larger species complex that predated the 2019 splits. That complex was assessed as of The Least Concern. "The species' ecoregion of primary occurrence, Guianan moist forest, not considered to be at serious risk, given its current and projected conservation status."
References
Guianan gnatcatcher
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Guianan gnatcatcher
Guianan gnatcatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Emperor Xiaozong of Song (27 November 1127 – 28 June 1194), personal name Zhao Shen, courtesy name Yuanyong, was the 11th emperor of the Song dynasty of China and the second emperor of the Southern Song dynasty. They started their reign in 1162 when their adoptive father and predecessor, Emperor Gaozong, abdicated and passed the throne to him. Even though Emperor Gaozong became a Taishang Huang ("Retired Emperor") after their abdication, they remained the de facto ruler, so Emperor Xiaozong only took full power in 1187 after Emperor Gaozong's death. After ruling for about a year, Emperor Xiaozong followed in their predecessor's footsteps and abdicated in favour of their third son Zhao Dun (Emperor Guangzong), while they became Taishang Huang and still remained in power until their death in 1194.
They were the first descendant of Emperor Taizu to become emperor.
Names
Zhao Shen's birth name was Zhao Bocong (趙伯琮). In March 1133, after Zhao Bocong entered the imperial palace, their name was changed to Zhao Yuan (趙瑗). In April 1160, after Zhao Yuan was adopted by Emperor Gaozong, their name was changed to Zhao Wei (趙瑋). In July 1162, when Zhao Wei became crown prince, their name was changed again to Zhao Shen (趙眘).
Zhao Shen was given the courtesy name Yuangui (元瑰) in May 1160. In July 1162, when they became crown prince, their courtesy name was changed to Yuanyong (元永).
Early life
Zhao Shen was a seventh-generation descendant of Emperor Taizu, the founder and first emperor of the Song dynasty. They were the second son of Zhao Zicheng (趙子偁; died 1143), a sixth cousin of Emperor Gaozong, the 10th Song emperor. After the Jingkang Incident in 1127, Emperor Gaozong's father, the eldest brother and most of their close relatives were taken prisoner by the Jurchen-led Jin Empire. As Emperor Gaozong's only son, Zhao Fu (趙旉), died prematurely around the age of two, the emperor ordered their officials to start searching for other living descendants of the imperial family. Zhao Shen was discovered and adopted by Emperor Gaozong in April 1160 as a son. Another relative, Zhao Qu was also adopted. In July 1162, Emperor Gaozong officially designated Zhao Shen as their crown prince and heir apparent. One of the main reasons Gaozong chose Shen over Qu was of Shen's virtue. It is said that Gaozong gave ten maids to Shen and Qu. In the end, Qu had touched every maid but Shen had not even touched one winning Gaozong's favor over Qu.
In 24 July 1162, Emperor Gaozong abdicated in favor of Emperor Xiaozong who became emperor although Emperor Gaozong retained power as Taishang Huang.
Reign
During the reign of Emperor Xiaozong, the Chinese increased the number of trade missions that would dock at ports throughout the Indian Ocean, where Arab and Hindu influence was once predominant. Xiaozong also was responsible for Yue Fei's posthumous rehabilitation, clearing out the remnants of Qin Hui's faction in court, and stabilizing the economy making their reign the most powerful era of the Southern Song Dynasty and it's said they were the best ruler of the Southern Song dynasty.
Archery and equestrianism were required for non-military officials at the Military College in 1162 during Emperor Xiaozong's reign.
In 1165, they reached peace with the Jin Dynasty.
In 1187, the retired Emperor Gaozong died. Xiaozong was stricken with grief and retreated from governing, insisting on mourning Gaozong and stating that they would only rule for two more years. Xiaozong turned all government affairs to their son Zhao Dun.
In 1189, Emperor Xiaozong abdicated in favour of their son, Zhao Dun who took the throne as Emperor Guangzong. They then granted themselves the title Taishang Huang and remained as the de facto ruler.
As Retired Emperor
Their daughter-in-law Empress Li reportedly attempted to keep Emperor Guangzong and their father (Xiaozong) separate, and often stopped the emperor from seeing their father. On one occasion, at the sickbed of the emperor, their father-in-law threatened to have them executed for not taking proper care of the monarch.
Retired Emperor Xiaozong fell ill in 1194 and was made worse when Emperor Guangzong refused to visit him. Xiaozong soon died. Emperor Guangzong refused to attend their funeral and as a result, was forced to give their throne to the deceased retired emperor's grandson Emperor Ningzong.
Family
Consorts and Issue:
Empress Chengmu, of the Guo clan (; 1126–1156)
Zhao Qi, Crown Prince Zhuangwen (; 1144–1167), first son
Zhao Kai, Prince Weihuixian (; 1146–1180), second son
Zhao Dun, Guangzong (; 1147–1200), third son
Zhao Ke, Prince Shaodaosu (), fourth son
Empress Chenggong, of the Xia clan (; d. 1167)
Unnamed daughter
Unnamed son
Empress Chengsu, of the Xie clan (; 1132–1203), personal name Sufang ()
Noble Consort, of the Cai clan (贵妃 蔡氏)
Worthy Consort, of the Li clan (贤妃 李氏)
Unknown
Princess Jia (; d. 1162), first daughte
Second princess
Ancestry
In Pop Culture
Portrayed in 2022 WEBNOVEL titled ROSES OF BLOOD by author TAIYANG DASHENG.
See also
Chinese emperors family tree (middle)
List of emperors of the Song dynasty
Architecture of the Song dynasty
Culture of the Song dynasty
Economy of the Song dynasty
History of the Song dynasty
Society of the Song dynasty
Technology of the Song dynasty
Jin–Song Wars
References
1127 births
1194 deaths
Monarchs who abdicated
Southern Song emperors
12th-century Chinese monarchs
People from Jiaxing
RML 12-inch 35-ton guns were large rifled muzzle-loading guns used as primary armament on British battleships of the 1870s. They were the longer and more powerful of the two 12-inch British RML guns, the other being the 25-ton gun.
Design
This gun design originated in 1871 as an gun firing a projectile. Results were unsatisfactory, leading to the gun being bored out to and firing a shell.
Naval service
Guns were mounted on:
s of 1873
Note: The two 12-inch guns installed in 's forward turret were 12.5-inch 38-ton guns bored instead to 12 inches, and designated "12-inch 38-ton", as the necessary 12-inch 35-ton guns were not available. These 2 guns used the same charges and projectiles as the standard 12-inch 35-ton guns installed in Thunderers aft turret which simplified the supply of ammunition. It was one of these "12-inch 38-ton" guns that was accidentally double-loaded and exploded on 2 January 1879.
Ammunition
When the gun was first introduced projectiles had several rows of "studs" which engaged with the gun's rifling to impart spin. Sometime after 1878, "attached gas-checks" were fitted to the bases of the studded shells, reducing wear on the guns and improving their range and accuracy. Subsequently, "automatic gas-checks" were developed which could rotate shells, allowing the deployment of a new range of studless ammunition. Thus, any particular gun potentially operated with a mix of studded and studless ammunition.
The gun's primary projectile was 706-pound "Palliser" armour-piercing shot, which were fired with a "battering charge" of 110 pounds of "P" (gunpowder) for maximum velocity and hence penetrating power. Shrapnel and common (exploding) shells weighed 613 pounds and were fired with a "full charge" of 85 pounds "P" or 67 pounds "R.L.G.".
See also
List of naval guns
References
Bibliography
Treatise on the Construction and Manufacture of Ordnance in the British service. War Office, UK, 1877
Treatise on the Construction and Manufacture of Ordnance in the British Service. War Office, UK, 1879
Text Book of Gunnery, 1887. LONDON : PRINTED FOR Their MAJESTY'S STATIONERY OFFICE, BY HARRISON AND SONS, ST. MARTIN'S LANE
Sir Thomas Brassey, The British Navy, Volume II. London: Longmans, Green and Co. 1882
"Handbook for the 12-in. R.M.L. Gun of 35-tons (Mark I.) Land Service", 1884, London. Published by Them Majesty's Stationery Office
External links
Handbook for the 12 in. R.M.L. gun of 35-tons (mark I) mounted on sliding carriage and platform. Land service. 1884 at State Library of Victoria
Naval guns of the United Kingdom
305 mm artillery
Victorian-era weapons of the United Kingdom
This is a list of the number-one hits of 1973 on Italian Hit Parade Singles Chart.
Number-one artists
See also
1973 in music
References
1973 in Italian music
Italy
1973
After the Burial is an American progressive metal band from Minneapolis, Minnesota. They are currently signed to Sumerian Records and have released five of their six full-length albums through the label. Since their inception in 2004, the band has gone through two vocalist changes, two drummer changes, the departure and death of founding rhythm guitarist Justin Lowe, and the departure of bassist Lerichard Foral. Lead guitarist Trent Hafdahl remains the sole remaining founding member. They are considered key contributors to the development of subgenres such as djent and progressive metalcore.
History
Formation and Forging a Future Self (2004–2007)
After the Burial was founded in 2004 by Nick Wellner, Trent Hafdahl, Justin Lowe (born Justin A. Lowe in Flemington, New Jersey; December 17, 1982 – July 21, 2015), and Greg Erickson who all met in high school. Dave Coleman initially filled in on bass while they searched for a permanent member. After posting an ad on a Twin Cities hardcore message board, Lee Foral responded and earned a spot in the band.
The group's first album entitled Forging a Future Self was recorded in late 2005 and was released on March 1, 2006. It was distributed via Corrosive Records, though there was never an official record deal in place.
They would later sign to Sumerian Records where Erickson and Wellner departed and Grant Luoma (of local act Nostalia) joined as vocalist. Eric Robles took Erickson's place as drummer but also departed before the recording of the band's second album.
Rareform (2008–2009)
The band entered the studio in 2008 to record their second studio album Rareform. All drum programming was done by the band's then current rhythm guitarist Lowe, while Hafdahl handled the lyrical writing duties due to the lack of output by then current vocalist, Luoma.
Shortly after the release, vocalist Luoma was replaced. Anthony Notarmaso joined in their place, and the band recruited Dan Carle (also of Nostalia) on drums.
In late 2008, the band supported Suicide Silence on The Cleansing The Nation Tour, and in early 2009, co-headlined a U.S. tour with Veil of Maya.
The band decided to re-release Rareform with Notarmaso's vocals in September 2009. It also included bonus content, such as live footage from a sold-out concert the band performed at.
In 2018, the band did a 10-year anniversary tour for Rareform, alongside The Acacia Strain.
In Dreams (2010–2012)
The band's third full-length album, In Dreams was recorded and released in 2010 through Sumerian.
In late 2010, the band supported Winds of Plague on The December Decimation Tour, and in 2011, headlined the Crush Em' All Tour 2.
On March 14, 2011, an extended mix of the song "Pi (The Mercury God of Infinity)" was uploaded to YouTube.
This Life Is All We Have EP and Wolves Within (2013–2014)
On April 2, 2013, Sumerian Records posted a re-mastered version of the song "A Steady Decline" and stated:
"On April 1, 2006 After the Burial released their groundbreaking album Forging a Future Self, which helped shape the sound of modern metal. To celebrate seven years of shred ATB has released a new take on an old favorite!"
On April 30, Sumerian Records uploaded three songs on their official YouTube channel for After the Burial's three song EP entitled This Life Is All We Have. The EP includes the following re-mastered songs from Forging a Future Self, featuring Anthony Notarmaso on vocals: "A Steady Decline", "Fingers Like Daggers", and "Redeeming the Wretched".
During live shows in 2013, After the Burial began playing two new songs called "A Wolf Amongst Ravens" and "Anti-Pattern" from their yet to be released album.
On November 5, 2013, Sumerian Records released the band's new song entitled "A Wolf Amongst Ravens" on YouTube and revealed the band's new album Wolves Within being release on December 17, 2013. They also resigned to Sumerian Records.
On November 18, 2013, the song "Of Fearful Men" was uploaded to YouTube and made available for purchase through iTunes and the entire album (Wolves Within) was released under Sumerian Records in December of the same year.
Justin Lowe's departure and death (2015)
Guitarist and founding member Justin Lowe officially announced they left the band on June 24, 2015: they posted a lengthy statement on social media, accusing both After the Burial, their record label (Sumerian Records) and most people in their life to be out to ruin him; MetalSucks described their statement as "barely-coherent" and suspected it's a result of "a paranoid episode". After the Burial responded to Lowe's open letter the following day confirming they were under severe mental distress and requested their fans to support Lowe during their time of recovery. Lowe was under care with their family at the time.
On the evening of July 20, 2015, Justin Lowe was pronounced officially missing, and search efforts had been put into place in order to find him. Lowe, aged 32, was found dead by a hiker on July 21, 2015, directly underneath the Soo Line High Bridge, while their car was found on the Minnesota side of the bridge. Authorities state that their death was consistent with that of a fall. It is currently unknown if the fall was accidental or intentional.
On July 27, the band released a statement on their Facebook page saying that they had decided not to perform on the Summer Slaughter tour in the wake of Lowe's passing, and that they needed time to recover from the loss of their friend.
Dig Deep and Lee Foral's departure (2016–2017)
On October 29, the band streamed the new track "Lost in the Static" and also announced a tour starting on November 5 in San Diego, being followed by The Faceless, Rings of Saturn and Toothgrinder. On New Years Day 2016, the band announced their new album Dig Deep, which was released on February 19, 2016.
On December 22, They were announced to be part of the Sumerian Records 10th Anniversary Tour with Born of Osiris, Veil of Maya, Erra and Bad Omens. The tour started on February 19 in Minneapolis.
In June 2016, Lee Foral announced their departure to focus on their family.
On December 3, 2016, Adrian Oropeza was announced as a full-time After the Burial member after the year of touring with them.
Evergreen (2018–present)
On May 1, 2018, lead guitarist Trent Hafdahl announced on Instagram that the band had begun work on their sixth album. On July 20, recording wrapped up.
On February 2, 2019, the band revealed that they would be shooting a music video for a song off the upcoming album the following weekend. On February 26, they released the music video for the album's first song "Behold the Crown" and also announced that their sixth album Evergreen would be released on April 19, 2019.
After the Burial supported Parkway Drive and Killswitch Engage on their "Collapse the World" tour throughout the Spring of 2019. Vein also took part on the show as support.
After the Burial opened up for As I Lay Dying on their "Shaped by Fire" tour with Emmure in the fall of 2019. After the Burial, Carnifex, Rivers of Nihil, and Undeath supported The Black Dahlia Murder on their tour "Up From the Sewer" in the summer of 2021.
In spring 2022, the band went on a tour with Thy Art Is Murder as a co-headliner.
Musical style
After the Burial's musical style has been described as progressive metal, metalcore, deathcore, and djent.
Members
Current
Trent Hafdahl – lead guitar, backing vocals (2004–present); rhythm guitar, programming (2015–present)
Anthony Notarmaso – lead vocals (2008–present)
Dan Carle – drums (2008–present)
Adrian Oropeza – bass (2016–present)
Former
Greg Erickson – drums (2004–2006)
Nick Wellner – lead vocals (2004–2007)
Eric Robles – drums (2006–2008)
Grant Luoma – lead vocals (2007–2008)
Justin Lowe – rhythm guitar, programming (2004–2015; died 2015); drums (2008)
Lerichard "Lee" Foral – bass (2004–2016)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
EPs
Singles
Music videos
References
2004 establishments in Minnesota
American deathcore musical groups
American metalcore musical groups
American progressive metal musical groups
Heavy metal musical groups from Minnesota
Musical groups established in 2004
Musical quartets
Sumerian Records artists
Masinan (, also Romanized as Masīnān) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 266, in 71 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
This is a list of notable buildings that have housed traditional gentlemen's clubs or working men's clubs. These are individual buildings that are listed on a historic register or have other significance. The focus of this list is on buildings, not on the clubs themselves.
in England
Of 25 gentlemen's clubs in London, many are ensconced in historic, dedicated buildings, including:
Boodle's building at 28 St. James's Street, its home since 1782
Athenaeum Club building at 107 Pall Mall since 1830 or before
Houldsworth Working Men's Club, Manchester, a Grade II listed building
Dial House, Sheffield, location of former Dial House Working Men's Club
in the United States
Many traditional gentlemen's clubs in the United States are situated in notable historic buildings, a number of which are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Tallulah Men's Club Building, Tallulah, LA, NRHP-listed
West End Wheelmen's Club, Wilkes-Barre, PA, built 1897, NRHP-listed. Shingle Style, with a wraparound porch and porte cochere, built in .
Issaquah Sportsmen's Club, Issaquah, WA, NRHP-listed
Cincinnati Gymnasium and Athletic Club, Cincinnati, Ohio, NRHP-listed
Denver Athletic Club, Denver, CO, NRHP-listed
Elks Athletic Club, Louisville KY, NRHP-listed
Midwest Athletic Club, Chicago, IL, NRHP-listed
Missouri Athletic Club Building, St. Louis, MO, NRHP-listed
Union Pacific Athletic Club, Laramie, WY, NRHP-listed
Southside Sportsmens Club District, Great River, NY, NRHP-listed
Non NRHP Buildings
The Boston Club, New Orleans, LA, built by noted architect James Gallier
See also
List of Elks buildings
List of Masonic buildings
List of Fraternal Order of Eagles buildings
List of YMCA buildings
List of Grange Hall buildings
List of Hibernian buildings
List of Knights of Columbus buildings
List of Knights of Pythias buildings
List of Odd Fellows buildings
List of women's club buildings
References
+
Working men's clubs
James Earl Smith (born July 12, 1945) is a former American football defensive back. They played for the Denver Broncos in 1969.
References
1945 births
Living people
Denver Broncos players
American football defensive backs
Utah State Aggies football players
The Malaysian Ministry of Youth and Sports (), abbreviated KBS, is a ministry of the Government of Malaysia that is responsible for youth, sports, recreation, leisure activities, stadiums, youth development, and youth organisations in the country.
Organisation
Minister of Youth and Sports
Deputy Minister of Youth and Sports
Secretary-General
Under the Authority of Secretary-General
National Department of Youth and Sports
Rakan Muda Development Division
Youth Development Division
Sports Development Division
State Departments of Youth and Sports
Sports Commissioner Office
Legal Advisor Office
Internal Audit Unit
Registrar of Youth Office
Corporate Communication Unit
Integrity Unit
SEA Games Secretariat
2050 National Transformation Secretariat
Anti-Doping Unit
National Sports Council
Malaysia Stadium Corporation
National Sports Institute
Institute for Youth Research Malaysia
Deputy Secretary-General (Management)
Human Resources Management Division
Information Management Division
Management Services Division
Finance Division
Development Division
Account Division
Deputy Secretary-General (Strategic)
Policy and Strategic Planning Division
International Relations Division
Youth Skill Development Division
IKTBN/IKBN
Federal departments
National Department of Youth and Sports, or Jabatan Belia dan Sukan Negara (JBSN). (Official site)
Malaysia Sports Commissioner Office, or Pejabat Pesuruhjaya Sukan Malaysia (PPS). (Official site)
Registrar of Youth Office (ROY), or Pejabat Pendaftar Pertubuhan Belia. (Official site)
Federal agencies
National Sports Council of Malaysia (NSC), or Majlis Sukan Negara Malaysia (MSN). (Official site)
Malaysia Stadium Corporation, or Perbadanan Stadium Malaysia. (Official site)
National Sport Institute, or Institut Sukan Negara (ISN). (Official site)
Institute for Youth Research Malaysia, or Institut Penyelidikan Pembangunan Belia Malaysia (IPPBM). (Official site)
Youth and Sports Skill Training Institution, or Institusi Latihan Kemahiran Belia dan Sukan (ILKBS). (Official site)
Youth Parliament of Malaysia, or Parlimen Belia Malaysia. (Official site)
International Youth Centre, or Pusat Belia Antarabangsa. (Official site)
National Youth Consultative Council, or Majlis Perundingan Belia Negara (MPBN). (Official site)
Key legislation
The Ministry of Youth and Sports is responsible for administration of several key Acts:
National Sports Council of Malaysia Act 1971 [Act 29]
Sports Development Act 1997 [Act 576]
Youth Societies and Youth Development Act 2007 [Act 668]
Perbadanan Stadium Malaysia Act 2010 [Act 717]
National Sports Institute Act 2011 [Act 729]
Policy Priorities of the Government of the Day
National Youth Policy
National Sports Policy
Programmes
Putrajaya Youth Festival
National Sports Day
1Malaysia Skilled Youth Program
e-Youth System
Malaysian Youth Map Application
No Reason! Sports For All, Active Malaysia, Towards Active, Healthy, United Malaysia
History
The early formation of the Ministry of Youth and Sports begun in 1953 with the incorporation of the Culture Division under the Department of Public Welfare. At that time, The Culture Division was given the role and responsibility of handling all matters relating to the youth affairs in Malaysia.
Later in 1964, the Culture Division was placed under the Ministry of Information. At the same time, as a consequence of the growth of organisational activities among youths, a Youth Division was formed to inculcate and supervise these activities under the ministry. Besides that, a Sports Division was also formed under the Ministry of Information.
The Ministry of Youth and Sports was only formed on 15 May 1964 in conjunction with the National Youth Day celebration of that year. In 1972, the Culture Division was established, and this has led the Ministry of Youth and Sports to change its name to the Ministry of Culture, Youth and Sports until 1987, as the Culture Division was eventually relocated under the Ministry of Culture, Arts and Tourism. Since then, the Ministry of Culture, Youth and Sports was reverted to its original name which, today, known as the Ministry of Youth and Sports.
Ministry of Youth and Sports (MYS) was given the mandate to implement the policies of the Malaysian government, particularly in the areas of Youth and Sports development.
On 5 April 2018, the current Malaysian government recognised the Malaysian Deaf Sports Association as the sole national federation to deal with the deaf sports after passing the amendment of National Sports Development Act which got approved in the parliament. The Ministry of Youth and Sports, Khairy Jamaluddin presented the amendment of the National Sports Development Act to the parliament which was approved on 3 April 2018.
See also
Minister of Youth and Sports (Malaysia)
References
External links
Ministry of Youth and Sports of Malaysia Official Website
Federal ministries, departments and agencies of Malaysia
Malaysia
Malaysia
Youth in Malaysia
Sport in Malaysia
Youth sport in Malaysia
The 1993 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations was the fifth edition of the Afro-Asian Cup of Nations, it was contested between Japan, winners of the 1992 Asian Cup, and Ivory Coast, winners of the 1992 Africa Cup of Nations. The match was played in one leg in Tokyo, Japan.
Qualified teams
Match details
Winners
Japan won 1–0 after extra time.
References
External links
1993 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations - rsssf.com
Afro-Asian Cup of Nations
Afro-Asian Cup of Nations
Mer
Mer
1993 in Japanese football
1993 in Ivorian football
Japan national football team matches
Ivory Coast national football team matches
International association football competitions hosted by Japan
October 1993 sports events in Asia
Chase Joseph McLaughlin (born April 9, 1996) is an American football placekicker for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Illinois. After going undrafted in 2019, McLaughlin spent time on five different rosters during the season, three of them as injury replacements.
College career
McLaughlin played college football at Illinois. During their time with the Fighting Illini, McLaughlin went 79 for 79 on extra point attempts, and their senior year was 4 for 6 on field goals beyond 50 yards. Originally a walk-on, McLaughlin ended their college career as the 2019 Bakken–Andersen Kicker of the Year award winner and a First-team All-Big Ten selection. During a 2018 game against USF, McLaughlin became the first Illinois kicker to score field goals of 50 plus yards in three consecutive games. McLaughlin later achieved a school record five 50-plus yard field goals.
Professional career
Buffalo Bills
McLaughlin went undrafted in the 2019 NFL Draft, and signed with the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent. They were waived on August 31, 2019.
Minnesota Vikings
McLaughlin was signed to the Minnesota Vikings practice squad on September 1, 2019. They were released on September 10.
Los Angeles Chargers
McLaughlin signed with the Los Angeles Chargers on October 1, 2019. The move was to cover for injured Chargers kicker Michael Badgley, and to give relief to Chargers punter Ty Long, who had assumed kicking duties. They were waived on October 29.
San Francisco 49ers
McLaughlin signed with the San Francisco 49ers on November 7, 2019 after kicker Robbie Gould injured their quad. In Week 10 against the Seattle Seahawks on Monday Night Football, McLaughlin made three out of four field goals in the 27–24 overtime loss. Although they made a 47-yard kick with one second left in regulation to tie the game, McLaughlin's missed field goal occurred in overtime and would have given San Francisco the victory. They were waived on December 3, 2019.
Indianapolis Colts
On December 4, 2019, McLaughlin was claimed off waivers by the Indianapolis Colts due to an injury to starter Adam Vinatieri. On December 30, 2019, McLaughlin was signed to a one-year extension through 2020. On September 5, 2020, McLaughlin was waived by the Colts during final roster cuts.
Minnesota Vikings (second stint)
On September 8, 2020, McLaughlin was signed to the Minnesota Vikings practice squad.
Jacksonville Jaguars
On November 10, 2020, the Jaguars signed McLaughlin off of the Vikings' practice squad to fill in for the injured Josh Lambo. McLaughlin was placed on the reserve/COVID-19 list by the team on November 24, 2020, and activated on November 30. McLaughlin was waived by the Jaguars after they promoted Aldrick Rosas to the active roster on December 12.
New York Jets
On December 14, 2020, McLaughlin was claimed off waivers by the New York Jets. On January 2, 2021, McLaughlin was promoted to full-time starter after the Jets' decision to cut Sam Ficken. McLaughlin was waived after the season on May 7, 2021.
Cleveland Browns
McLaughlin was claimed off waivers by the Cleveland Browns on May 10, 2021. In Week 3 of 2021 against Chicago, McLaughlin made 4 out of 4 field goals, including a 57-yarder, as well as both of their extra points. They were waived on May 2, 2022.
Indianapolis Colts (second stint)
McLaughlin signed with the practice squad of the Indianapolis Colts on September 13, 2022, after the team released Rodrigo Blankenship.
References
External links
Buffalo Bills bio
Illinois Fighting Illini football bio
1996 births
Living people
American football placekickers
Buffalo Bills players
Cleveland Browns players
Illinois Fighting Illini football players
Indianapolis Colts players
Jacksonville Jaguars players
Los Angeles Chargers players
Minnesota Vikings players
New York Jets players
People from Cypress, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
San Francisco 49ers players
Sportspeople from Harris County, Texas
Yun Yeong-dae (born April 5, 1967) is a South Korean sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. At the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, they were eliminated in the repechages of the K-4 1000 m event.
External links
Sports-reference.com profile
1967 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of South Korea
South Korean male canoeists
Palminópolis is a municipality in eastern Goiás state, Brazil.
Location
Nearby towns are Palmeiras de Goiás, 28 km. to the east, and Turvânia, 22 km. to the north. The Turvo River lies to the west.
Distance to regional center (São Luís de Montes Belos): 41 km.
Highway connections from Goiânia: state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia, through Trindade / GO-050 / Campestre de Goiás / GO-156.
Neighboring municipalities: São João da Paraúna, Palmeiras de Goiás, Jandaia, Paraúna and Turvânia
Political Information
Mayor: Erisval Vicente Santana (January 2005)
City council: 9
Eligible voters: 3,294 (December 2007)
Demographic Information
Population density: 9.34 inhabitants/km2 (2007)
Urban population: 2,421 (2007)
Rural population: 1,201 (2007)
Population growth: a loss of about 800 people since 1980
Economic Information
The economy is based on agriculture, cattle raising, services, public administration, and small transformation industry. There is one dairy and one meat packing plant (frigorífico).
Industrial units: 6 ( June 2007)
Commercial units: 37 ( August 2007)
Dairy: Indústria e Comércio de Laticínios Saltador Ltda. (22/05/2006)
Meat-packing plant: Coop. Agrop. dos Prod. Organ. do Estado de Goiás. (22/05/2006)
Motor vehicles: 361 automobiles and pickup trucks (2007), which gave a ratio of 10 inhabitants for each motor vehicle.
Cattle herd: 48,660 head
Main crops: rice, rubber, corn, soybeans (800 hectares), and tomatoes.
Number of farms: 423
Agricultural area: 44,756
Planted area: 4,100 ha.
Area of natural pasture: 33,678 ha.
Persons employed in agriculture: 2,120
Education (2006)
Schools: 4 with 1,018 students
Higher education: none
Adult literacy rate: 87.9% (2000) (national average was 86.4%)
Health (2007)
Hospitals: 1
Hospital beds: 20
Ambulatory clinics: 3
Infant mortality rate: 22.64 (2000) (national average was 33.0)
Ranking on the Municipal Human Development Index
MHDI: 0.753
State ranking: 70 (out of 242 municipalities)
National ranking: 1,797 (out of 5,507 municipalities)
Data are from 2000. For the complete list see Frigoletto.com
History
Palminópolis began in 1949 when lands belong to a cattle ranch were distributed to make lots. The first settlement was called São Bento, which was later changed to Palminópolis due to the proximity of Palmeiras de Goiás. In 1953 it became a district of Palmeiras de Goiás, separating in 1961 to become a municipality.
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions of Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Municipalities in Goiás
Truly Madly Guilty is a novel by Australian author Liane Moriarty. It tells the story of Sam and Clementine, an ordinary yet busy married couple trying to balance work and family life. After the couple is invited by Clementine's old friend Erika to a neighbor's barbecue party, a spiral of intrigue, lust, and betrayal is unleashed. The book was published in July 2016 by Flatiron Books.
Just weeks after the novel's release, it was announced that Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman had optioned for the novel's film rights. At the time, Witherspoon and Kidman had already begun producing a television miniseries adaptation of Moriarty's previous novel, Big Little Lies.
Awards
2016: Goodreads Choice Awards, Best Fiction
References
2016 Australian novels
Flatiron Books books
Michael Joseph books
The Grand River Dam Authority (GRDA) is an agency of the state of Oklahoma created to control, develop, and maintain the Grand River waterway. It was created by the Oklahoma state legislature in 1935, and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma. GRDA was designed to be self-funding from the sales of electricity and water. The state of Oklahoma was to provide no funding from taxes. The Authority was authorized to issue revenue bonds to fund large-scale capital investments.
According to GRDA's 2012 Annual Report, the agency had nearly US $412 million in operating revenue for 2012, compared to nearly US $395.5 million in 2011.
It operates three hydroelectric facilities and two reservoirs, Grand Lake, Lake Hudson, and the Salina Pumped Storage Project, which includes W. R. Holway Reservoir, It also owns and operates the GRDA Energy Center (formerly named the GRDA Coal-Fired Complex). The Energy Control Center, home of the GRDA's System Operations Center, is at the Robert S. Kerr Dam, just north of Locust Grove, Oklahoma. In July 2016, it absorbed the mission of the Oklahoma Scenic Rivers Commission to manage, preserve and protect the waters of the scenic Illinois River. Its joint ventures include the Canadian Hills wind farm. GRDA's jurisdiction covers 24 counties in northeastern Oklahoma.
History
The Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture credits Henry Holderman, a member of the Cherokee tribe, as first envisioning Grand River as a source for hydroelectric power for the Cherokee Nation. Even prior to Oklahoma statehood in 1907, Holderman began building political support for such a project. A feasibility study by the Army Corps of Engineers attracted favorable attention in the Oklahoma legislature, leading to creation of the Grand River Dam Authority (GRDA), a state agency, in 1935. Construction began in 1938 on the Pensacola Dam on the Grand River (lower Neosho River) as a Works Progress Administration project. The dam was completed in March 1940, creating the lake behind it. Between 1941 and 1946, the U.S. government took control of Pensacola Dam to divert power to the war effort. Control was returned to the GRDA by the Congress and President Truman amid local celebration in August 1946.
The second hydroelectric facility built by GRDA was the Markham Ferry project. In 1961, the Markham Ferry dam (since renamed as the Robert S. Kerr Dam) was begun downstream of Pensacola Dam on the Grand River. The lake it impounded was named Lake Hudson. The project was completed in 1964. The powerhouse has four hydroelectric turbines, providing a total capacity of 114,000 kW. GRDA states that an average year can provide 211 million kWh.
The Salina Pumped Storage Project constructed for GRDA during 1968 - 1971, created Lake W. R. Holway. It was designed to produce 260 MW of power during peak consumption periods. During periods of lower power demand, water is pumped from Lake Hudson to Lake Holway and released back down through the pump-generators during periods of high energy demand.
In 1970, the Authority decided to build the GRDA Coal-fired Power Generation Complex, located near Chouteau, Oklahoma. Now more than four decades old, the two units need extensive retrofits to meet new emission regulations and to improve energy efficiency with more modern technologies.
In 2008, GRDA, Oklahoma Gas & Electric (OG&E) and Oklahoma Municipal Power Authority (OMPA) jointly purchased the Redbud Generation facility near Luther, Oklahoma for 434.5 million. The facility uses natural-gas fueled turbines to generate electricity. Rated capacity was 1230 MW. GRDA owns 36 percent of the venture, while OG&E owns 51 percent and is designated as the operator. OMPA owns the balance.
GRDA broke ground in 2013 for a new visitors' center adjacent to Pensacola Dam. The building was designed to be the home of GRDA Ecosystems Management offices, a state-of-the-art water research lab, offices for the Grand Lake Area Chamber of Commerce, a community auditorium and historical exhibits.
On June 13, 2012, GRDA approved becoming a member of the Large Public Power Council (LPPC). The LPPC consists of the largest publicly owned not-for-profit, electric utilities in the U.S. LPPC's priorities include tax and finance issues, interaction with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, energy and environmental policies.
Recent developments
Proposed privatization
Governor Mary Fallin (R) issued an executive order in July 2013 to establish a 15-member task force that would research the possibility of dismantling GRDA and selling its assets. The members chosen by the governor have “experience or interest in energy issues.” It would include two members of their “Bold Ideas” task force.
Governor Fallin announced on August 13, 2013, that they were suspending the task force and its work indefinitely. They said that they still supported the mission of the task force, they realized that the timing was bad and that the review could undermine GRDA's efforts to sell revenue bonds.
Canadian Hills wind farm
GRDA has a financial interest in a wind turbine "farm" near El Reno, Oklahoma developed by Apex Wind Energy Holdings LLC and Atlantic Power Corp. Known as the Canadian Hills wind farm, it will sell power to GRDA, the Oklahoma Municipal Power Authority and Southwestern Electric Power Co., a Louisiana-based unit of American Electric Power. The facility initially had 135 turbines and a design output of 300 megawatts of electric power. Google, Inc. contracted with GRDA to buy up to 48 megawatts of this power for its data center in Pryor, Oklahoma.
Natural gas fired generation facility
On January 14, 2014, the GRDA Board of Directors approved purchase and installation of gas turbine generators to be installed at the GRDA Coal-Fired Complex in Chouteau. The new unit, which is known as Unit 3, is estimated to cost US$372 million, is designed to produce 495 megawatts (MW) of electric power. The turbine-generators alone will cost US$77.84 million. Mitsubishi Power Systems is supplying M501J gas turbines and SRT-50 steam turbines for the new unit.
Concurrently, the Authority renamed the Chouteau complex as the Grand River Energy Center.
The new combined cycle generation process is energy-efficient because natural gas fuels a gas turbine that directly generates power. Then the hot turbine exhaust gas is cooled by boiling water to generate more steam, which drives a steam-powered generator and generates more electric power. The new generation unit was expected to be put in service in 2017, and has since been brought on-line.
Organization
Officers
As of January 2019
Executive Management
President/Chief Executive Officer - Dan Sullivan
Chief Operating Officer - Tim Brown
Chief Financial Officer - Lorie Gudde
Chief Information Officer - Steve Wall
Executive Vice President/Chief of Law Enforcement - Brian Edwards
Executive Vice President of Corporate & Strategic Communications - John Wiscaver
Executive Vice President for External Relations - Nathan Reese
Executive Vice President of Human Resources - Laura Hunter
Executive Assistant to CEO / Corporate Secretary - Shelia Allen
Vice President of Grand River Energy Center Operations - Robert Ladd
General Counsel - Heath Lofton
Budget and Personnel
Standard & Poor's (S&P) Rating Services upgraded GRDA's credit rating in 2007 from "BBB+" to "A−", and improved the outlook from "stable" to "positive". While GRDA has received three rating outlook improvement from rating agencies in recent years, S&P's announcement was historic, marking the first rating upgrade in GRDA's history. The Fitch Rating Service followed suit in 2008. The A− rating was still in effect at the end of 2012, meaning that GRDA has very favorable terms for borrowing money.
According to GRDA's 2012 Annual Report, the agency had nearly US $412 million in operating revenue for 2012, compared to nearly US $395.5 million in 2011.
GRDA, as of Fiscal Year 2009, had an annual operating budget of $314 million and employed 450 employees (390 classified and 60 unclassified).
See also
Grand Lake o' the Cherokees
Lake Hudson
Salina Pumped Storage Project
References
Further reading
W. R. Holway, A History of the Grand River Dam Authority, State of Oklahoma, 1935-1968, 2 vols. (Tulsa, Okla.: N.p., 1968 69).
Voices of Oklahoma interview with Dr. Bruce Howard about the creation of Grand Lake O' the Cherokees and Pensacola Dam. First person interview conducted on December 2, 2014 with Dr. Bruce Howard about the creation of Grand Lake O' the Cherokees and Pensacola Dam. Original audio and transcript archived with Voices of Oklahoma oral history project.
External links
Grand River Dam Authority
GRDA Website
Encyclopedia of Oklahoma History and Culture - Grand River Dam Authority
Grand River Dam Authority (82 O.S. § 861)
Organizations based in Oklahoma
1935 establishments in Oklahoma
Electric power companies of the United States
Stig Berntsson (19 October 1930 – 24 March 2011) was a Swedish sports shooter. They competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics, 1964 Summer Olympics and the 1968 Summer Olympics. Their greatest run was at the 1960 Olympics, where they scored #11 in Shooting.
References
External links
1930 births
2011 deaths
Swedish male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Sweden
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Gothenburg
Feast II: Sloppy Seconds is a 2008 American horror comedy film and a sequel to the 2005 film Feast. The film was directed by John Gulager and written by Marcus Dunstan and Patrick Melton.
The film was followed by Feast III: The Happy Finish (2009).
Plot
Biker Queen, twin sister of Harley Mom, discovers the severed arm of their sister from the previous film. Upon discovering the surviving Bartender, they torture them into telling them who killed Harley Mom. They reveal that it was Bozo and points them to a town where they live. They knock Bartender out and takes them with them to the town.
Prior to the events of the first film, the town was overrun by the monsters. A pair of small Mexican wrestlers named Thunder and Lightning were attacked by the monsters and Lightning's girlfriend was killed. Inside the jail, a "Hobo" was in a cell for dealing methamphetamine and questioned where their school bus (makeshift meth lab) is at. The Sheriff taunted them before being killed. A car salesperson named Slasher found evidence of their wife cheating with one of their employees and barely escaped the monsters.
Biker Queen and four of their friends arrive in the deserted town with the Bartender, ignoring the dead bodies as they look for Bozo and cross paths with Slasher, their wife Secrets and the man they have an affair with, Greg. The group is attacked by a monster, which kills one of the biker girls, Tot Girl. The others and the Bartender make their way to Bozo's apartment, where they encounter Honey Pie, the girl who left the group from the first movie behind at the bar. Bartender brutally attacks them and knocks Honey Pie out of the window and onto the street. Honey Pie survives the fall and goes into hiding.
Slasher, Greg and Secrets receive a call from the wrestlers, but before they find them they are ambushed by the bikers. Both groups get to a garage where the brothers and their grandmother are hiding. The group then tries to make it to the jail, but the Hobo has sealed themselves in.
As the wrestlers try to fashion a skeleton key for the jail house, Greg dissects one of the monsters, gravely injuring the wrestlers' grandmother when the creature vomits. They discover an eye in the creature's intestines that acts like an alarm system, and cause it to make a terrifying howl in the process. As a result, more monsters swarm the garage. The brothers return with the key, but the group must go to the roof to escape the monsters. The survivors on the roof hear a baby crying, trapped inside a station wagon that Slasher sold prior to the attack. The next morning, Greg tries to save the baby, but when they encounter a monster and their plan backfires, they throw the baby to the air, leaving them to the monster to eat as a distraction when they have trouble escaping.
Meanwhile, Honey Pie, who has spent the night trapped in a store, is ambushed by one of the monsters. They manage to knock it out and uses its claws to make a hole in the bullet-proof glass of the store's door. As they are getting out, the monster regains consciousness and starts to chase them down the street.
Trapped on the roof, the group sacrifices Splat Girl to the monsters and fashion a catapult with Biker Queen's motorcycle and the biker girls' clothes. Using the wrestlers' gravely injured grandmother to test it, they cause them to smash into a wall and die. Thunder gets onto the catapult, but is thrown into the street, where they are quickly attacked by the monsters and disemboweled. Greg is then severely injured when the bike's tailpipe flies into their head. Meanwhile, Lightning crosses the street under the protection of a trash can. Thunder, missing their legs, crawls away while Lightning picks up the key they had dropped. Lightning reaches the jail house, but as they open the door the Hobo throws a stick of dynamite out. Lightning ducks down in the trashcan to protect themselves from the explosion and is launched across the street.
Honey Pie, who made it to the border of the town, is injured by flying shrapnel from the trashcan and falls to the floor, apparently dead. The others watch as the monsters begin breaking onto the rooftop. Suddenly, Honey Pie gets up, grabs their gun and screams in anguish.
Cast
Jenny Wade as Honey Pie
Clu Gulager as Bartender
Diane Ayala Goldner as Biker Queen
Martin Klebba as Thunder
Carl Anthony Payne as Slasher
Tom Gulager as Greg
Hanna Putnam as Secrets
Juan Longoria Garcia as Lightning
William Prael as Hobo
Judah Friedlander as Beer Guy
Chelsea Richards as Tat Girl
Melissa Reed as Tit Girl
Linda MacKinnon as Abuela
Marc Macaulay as The Sheriff
Cassie Shea Watson as Splat Girl
Katie Supple Callais as Tot Girl
Josh Blue as Short Bus Gus
Kent Jude Bernard as Puker
References
External links
2008 films
American comedy horror films
2000s monster movies
2000s comedy horror films
Direct-to-video horror films
American splatter films
Direct-to-video sequel films
Films directed by John Gulager
2008 direct-to-video films
Dimension Films films
American monster movies
American sequel films
2008 comedy films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Karmo may refer to:
Karmo, Iran, a village in Markazi Province, Iran
Alex Karmo (b. 1989), Liberian footballer
Charles Morschauser House, also known as the House on the Hill, is a historic home located at Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County, New York. It was built in 1902, and is a -story, frame dwelling with a hipped roof and a projecting, offset front gable. The façade features a one-story, flat-roofed, wraparound porch.
The house belonged to a local attorney, Charles Morschauser, who commissioned local architect William J. Beardsley to design the home after they had represented them in a legal matter. Morschauser had acquired an almost 3-acre parcel that had formerly been part of an estate named Mountain View, located on an oversized city lot fronting five different streets. Due to its dignified and grand appearance perched atop a knoll, the design had gained local attention in a couple of newspapers at the time. It is a transitional style containing elements of Queen Anne and Colonial Revival architecture with a blending of materials. The first story boasts a stonework façade while the second has clapboard siding, allowing it to stand out from other houses constructed at the time.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Poughkeepsie, New York
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Colonial Revival architecture in New York (state)
Queen Anne architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1902
Houses in Poughkeepsie, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Poughkeepsie, New York
A paper mill is a factory devoted to making paper from vegetable fibres such as wood pulp, old rags, and other ingredients. Prior to the invention and adoption of the Fourdrinier machine and other types of paper machine that use an endless belt, all paper in a paper mill was made by hand, one sheet at a time, by specialized laborers.
History
Historical investigations into the origin of the paper mill are complicated by differing definitions and loose terminology from modern authors: Many modern scholars use the term to refer indiscriminately to all kinds of mills, whether powered by humans, by animals or by water. Their propensity to refer to any ancient paper manufacturing center as a "mill", without further specifying its exact power source, has increased the difficulty of identifying the particularly efficient and historically important water-powered type.
Human and animal-powered mills
The use of human and animal powered mills was known to Muslim and Chinese papermakers. However, evidence for water-powered paper mills is elusive among both prior to the 11th century. The general absence of the use of water-powered paper mills in Muslim papermaking prior to the 11th century is suggested by the habit of Muslim authors at the time to call a production center not a "mill", but a "paper manufactory".
Scholars have identified paper mills in Abbasid-era Baghdad in 794–795. The evidence that waterpower was applied to papermaking at this time is a matter of scholarly debate. In the Moroccan city of Fez, Ibn Battuta speaks of "400 mill stones for paper". Since Ibn Battuta does not mention the use of water-power and such a number of water-mills would be grotesquely high, the passage is generally taken to refer to human or animal force.
Water-powered mills
An exhaustive survey of milling in Al-Andalus did not uncover water-powered paper mills, nor do the Spanish books of property distribution (Repartimientos) after the Christian reconquest refer to any. Arabic texts never use the term mill in connection with papermaking, and the most thorough account of Muslim papermaking at the time, the one by the Zirid Sultan Al-Muizz ibn Badis, describes the art purely in terms of a handcraft. Donald Hill has identified a possible reference to a water-powered paper mill in Samarkand, in the 11th-century work of the Persian scholar Abu Rayhan Biruni, but concludes that the passage is "too brief to enable us to say with certainty" that it refers to a water-powered paper mill. This is seen by Leor Halevi as evidence of Samarkand first harnessing waterpower in the production of paper, but notes that it is not known if waterpower was applied to papermaking elsewhere across the Islamic world at the time. Robert I. Burns remains sceptical, given the isolated occurrence of the reference and the prevalence of manual labour in Islamic papermaking elsewhere prior to the 13th century.
Hill notes that paper mills appear in early Christian Catalan documentation from the 1150s, which may imply Islamic origins, but that hard evidence is lacking. Burns, however, has dismissed the case for early Catalan water-powered paper mills, after re-examination of the evidence.
The identification of early hydraulic stamping mills in medieval documents from Fabriano, Italy, is also completely without substance.
Clear evidence of a water-powered paper mill dates to 1282 in the Spanish Kingdom of Aragon. A decree by the Christian king Peter III addresses the establishment of a royal "molendinum", a proper hydraulic mill, in the paper manufacturing center of Xàtiva. This early hydraulic paper mill was operated by Muslims in the Moorish quarter of Xàtiva, though it appears to have been resented by sections of the local Muslim papermakering community; the document guarantees them the right to continue the way of traditional papermaking by beating the pulp manually and grants them the right to be exempted from work in the new mill.
The first permanent paper mill north of the Alps was established in Nuremberg by Ulman Stromer in 1390; it is later depicted in the lavishly illustrated Nuremberg Chronicle. From the mid-14th century onwards, European paper milling underwent a rapid improvement of many work processes.
The size of a paper mill prior to the use of industrial machines was described by counting the number of vats it had. Thus, a "one vat" paper mill had only one vatman, one coucher, and other laborers.
15th century
The first reference to a paper mill in England was in a book printed by Wynken de Worde c. 1495; the mill, near Hertford, belonged to John Tate.
19th century
An early attempt at a machine to mechanise the process was patented in 1799 by the Frenchman Nicholas Louis Robert; it was not deemed a success. In 1801, however, the drawings were brought to England by John Gamble and passed on to brothers Henry and Sealy Fourdrinier, who financed the engineer Bryan Donkin to construct the machine. Their first successful machine was installed at Frogmore, Hertfordshire, in 1803.
In 1809 in the Apsley Mill, right next to Frogmore Mill, John Dickinson patented and installed another kind of paper machine. Rather than pouring a dilute pulp suspension onto an endlessly revolving flat wire, this machine used a cylinder covered in wire as the mould. A cylindrical mould is partially submerged in the vat, containing a pulp suspension, and then, as the mould rotates, the water is sucked through the wire, leaving a thin layer of fibres deposited on the cylinder. These cylinder-mould machines, as they are named, were strong competition for Fourdrinier machine makers. They were the type of machine first used by the North American paper industry. It is estimated that by 1850 UK paper production had reached 100,000 tons. Later developments increased the size and capacity of machines as well as seeking high volume alternative pulp sources from which paper could be reliably produced. Many of the earlier mills were small and had been located in rural areas. The movement was to larger mills in, or near, urban areas closer to their suppliers of the raw materials. They were often situated near a port where the raw material was brought in by ship and the paper markets. By the end of the century there were less than 300 UK paper mills, employing 35,000 people and producing 650,000 tons of paper per year.
20th century
By the early 20th century, paper mills sprang up around New England and the rest of the world, due to the high demand for paper. The United States, with its infrastructure and mill towns, was the largest producer in the world. Chief among these in paper production was Holyoke, Massachusetts, which was the largest producer of paper in the world by 1885, and home to engineers D. H. & A. B. Tower who oversaw the largest firm of paper millwrights in the US during that decade, designing mills on five continents. However, as 20th century progressed this diaspora moved further north and west in the United States, with access to greater pulp supplies and labor. At this time, there were many world leaders of the production of paper; one such was the Brown Company in Berlin, New Hampshire run by William Wentworth Brown. During the year 1907, the Brown Company cut between 30 and 40 million acres of woodlands on their property, which extended from La Tuque, Quebec, Canada to West Palm, Florida.
In the 1920s, Nancy Baker Tompkins represented large paper manufacturing companies, like Hammermill Paper Company, Honolulu Paper Company and Appleton Coated Paper Company to promote sales to the distributors of paper products. It was said to be the only business of its kind in the world, and was started in 1931 by Tompkins. It prospered in spite of the business depression.
"Log drives" were conducted on local rivers to send the logs to the mills. By the late 20th and early 21st-century, paper mills began to close, and the log drives became a dying craft. Due to the addition of new machinery, many millworkers were laid off and many of the historic paper mills closed.
Characteristics
Paper mills can be fully integrated mills or nonintegrated mills. Integrated mills consist of a pulp mill and a paper mill on the same site. Such mills receive logs or wood chips and produce paper.
The modern paper mill uses large amounts of energy, water, and wood pulp in an efficient and complex series of processes, and control technology to produce a sheet of paper that can be used in diverse ways. Modern paper machines can be in length, produce a sheet wide, and operate at speeds of more than . The two main suppliers of paper machines are Metso and Voith.
See also
Cutting stock problem
List of paper mills
Paper pollution
Notes
Sources
Tsien, Tsuen-Hsuin: "Science and Civilisation in China", Chemistry and Chemical Technology (Vol. 5), Paper and Printing (Part 1), Cambridge University Press, 1985
External links
List of International graphic paper mills
Paperweb.biz - Paper world directory and search engine for the pulp and paper world
List of paper mills on paper and print monthly
Pulp and paper industry
Papermaking
Industrial buildings
Arab inventions
fr:Papeterie
The Henry Hickert Building, located at 104 W. 4th in Bird City, Kansas, is a historic building dating from 1920. It is in Early Commercial style and has also been known as Heritage Corner Cafe. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.
It is a two-story brick building that "has been a prominent landmark and a part of the community" since 1920. It has served as a bank, as the post office, as a drugstore, as a restaurant, and as apartments. It was deemed significant for National Register listing for association with the development of Bird City and as "a good local example" of 20th-century commercial architecture.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Buildings designated early commercial in the National Register of Historic Places
Commercial buildings completed in 1920
Buildings and structures in Cheyenne County, Kansas
National Register of Historic Places in Cheyenne County, Kansas
Charles Mathias (1922–2010) was a U.S. Senator from Maryland from 1969 to 1987. Senator Mathias may also refer to:
James N. Mathias Jr. (born 1951), Maryland State Senate
Mathias Cormann (born 1970), member of the Australian Senate
See also
Senator Mathis (disambiguation)
The Banner Saga 3 is a tactical role-playing video game developed by Stoic Studio and published by Versus Evil for macOS, Microsoft Windows, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. It is the final installment in a trilogy of games that began with The Banner Saga (2014) and The Banner Saga 2 (2016).
Gameplay
The Banner Saga 3 is a tactical role-playing video game featuring turn-based combat. The themes of the game are inspired by Viking culture.
Development and release
The Banner Saga 3 was developed by Stoic, a studio founded by former BioWare employees. Following the release of 2016's The Banner Saga 2, Stoic expressed interest in creating a third instalment, noting that the fictional universe they created had plenty more storytelling opportunities. Speaking at the 2016 NASSCOM Game Developer Conference, Stoic co-founder John Watson, re-iterated their intention to complete The Banner Saga trilogy of games. They estimated the budget required would be $2M, and said that they had considered external funding.
In January 2017, The Banner Saga 3 was announced with the launch of a crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter. The goal of $200,000 was achieved in less than a week, and the campaign concluded in March with $416,986 raised towards the game's development. While the majority of the funding would still come from Stoic themselves, Watson said that the Kickstarter campaign would also create a community of enthusiastic testers.
The game was published by Versus Evil and was released on macOS, Windows, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Reception
The game received "generally favorable" reviews according to review aggregator Metacritic.
Awards
References
External links
2018 video games
Crowdfunded video games
Fantasy video games
Kickstarter-funded video games
MacOS games
Nintendo Switch games
PlayStation 4 games
PlayStation Network games
Tactical role-playing video games
Video games based on Norse mythology
Video games developed in the United States
Video games scored by Austin Wintory
Windows games
Xbox One games
Video games set in the Viking Age
Versus Evil games
Colin Andrew White (born January 30, 1997) is an American professional ice hockey center who is currently playing for the Florida Panthers of the National Hockey League (NHL). They were originally selected by the Ottawa Senators in the first round, 21st overall, in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
Early life
White was born on January 30, 1997, in Hanover, Massachusetts to parents Mark and Christine. Their father played collegiate football and track and field at Georgia Tech while their mother played tennis at Florida State University. They began ice skating after their sister had their eighth birthday party at an ice rink. Growing up, they rooted for the Pittsburgh Penguins and their favorite player was Mario Lemieux.
Playing career
White played high school hockey at Noble and Greenough School before joining the USA Hockey National Team Development Program (U.S. NTDP). As a member of the U.S. NTDP, they played the 2013–14 and 2014–15 seasons in the United States Hockey League (USHL). White's play was rewarded when they were invited to skate in the 2014 CCM/USA Hockey All-American Prospects Game. In their final season with the U.S. NTDP, White recorded 17 points in 20 games.
White was selected in the first round, 21st overall, by the Ottawa Senators in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft.
White played college hockey at Boston College from 2015 to 2017. They scored their first collegiate hat-trick on January 8, 2016 against Providence. In 2015–16, White was named to the Hockey East All-Rookie Team.
Following the 2016–17 season, White signed an amateur tryout with the Senators' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, the Binghamton Senators on March 26. They recorded three points in three games. On April 2, the Ottawa Senators signed White to a three-year, entry-level contract. They made their NHL debut the following day in a 5–4 loss to the Detroit Red Wings.
White split their first professional season between Ottawa and Binghamton. On February 6, 2018, they recorded their first career NHL goal in a 5–3 win over the New Jersey Devils. They finished their first season in Ottawa with six points in 21 games.
In their first full season with Ottawa, White recorded 14 goals and 41 points in 71 games. On August 21, 2019, the Senators signed White to a six-year, $28.5 million contract extension.
On October 5, 2021, White stained an upper-body injury five minutes into a pre-season game against the Toronto Maple Leafs after a collision with David Kämpf. As such, they were expected to miss four to six months to recover from shoulder surgery. White later returned in the season to record 3 goals and 10 points through 24 games.
Having been affected through injury and failing to live up to their contract expectations, on July 5, 2022, White was placed on unconditional waivers by the Senators and upon clearing was bought out from the remaining three-years of their contract. On the opening day of free agency, White was signed to a one-year, $1.2 million contract with the Florida Panthers on July 13, 2022.
International play
Colin White competed as a member of Team USA at the 2014 IIHF World U17 Championships, where they set a USA record of 18 points in six games. They helped lead Team USA to a Gold medal defeating Canada in the championship game.
White competed as a member of Team USA at the 2015 IIHF World U18 Championships, where they scored the overtime game-winning goal to defeat Finland in the gold medal game.
In 2016, White represented Team USA at the IIHF World Junior Championships, where they helped Team USA win a bronze medal in Helsinki, Finland.
In 2017, Colin White competed as a member of Team USA at the 2017 IIHF World Junior Championships, where they scored to tie the game that went to overtime in which USA defeated Canada in the gold medal game.
After the Senators failed to qualify for the 2018 Stanley Cup playoffs, White was named to represent Team USA's 2018 IIHF World Championship roster. They scored 2 goals and 3 points in 10 games to help the United States claim the bronze medal in Denmark.
On April 19, 2019, White was selected to represent Team USA at the 2019 IIHF World Championship, held in Bratislava and Kosice, Slovakia.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honors
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
American expatriate ice hockey players in Canada
American men's ice hockey centers
Belleville Senators players
Binghamton Senators players
Boston College Eagles men's ice hockey players
Ice hockey players from Massachusetts
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Ottawa Senators draft picks
Ottawa Senators players
USA Hockey National Team Development Program players
Leman Çıdamlı (1 January 1932 – 18 December 2012) was a Turkish television, stage and film actor mostly known for their role as "Nuriye Kantar" on the 1980s-aired Kaynanalar TV series and its remakes.  They are the mother of actor Ayşegül Çıdamlı.
Death
They were diagnosed with lung cancer and was treated for six months. They died on 18 December 2012, aged 80. Them spouse had died ten days before. They were interred next to their husband's grave.
Filmography
Aşk Oyunu (2005)
Sen Ne Dilersen (2005)
Cennet Mahallesi (2004) - Suna
Büyükannenin Konağı (2003) - Grandmother
Şöhretler Kebapçısı (2003)
Bedel (2000) - Meryem
Yasemince (1997) - Zehra
Gülşen Abi (1994) - Naciye
Nasreddin Hoca (1993)
Çılgın Aşıklar (1993)
Mahallenin Muhtarları (1992) - Seher
Varyemez (1991) - Melek
Zehir Hafiye (1989) - Aunt of Zeynep
Bıçkın (1988) - Grandmother of Osman
Kaynanalar (1988) - Nuriye Kantar
Aşkın Gözü Kördür (1987)
Perihan Abla (1986)
Kahkaha Marketi (1986) - Middleman Cemile
Bizim Kız (1977) - voice of Toto Karaca
Bülbül Ailesi (1976) - Asiye
Kaynanalar (1975) - Nuriye Kantar
Nöri Gantar Ailesi (1975) - Nuriye Kantar
Kanlı Deniz (1974) - wife of Tonyalı
Köyden İndim Şehire (1974) - wife of Ali Rıza
Kaynanalar (1974) - Nuriye Kantar
References
External links
SinemaTürk page
1932 births
2012 deaths
Turkish stage actores
Turkish television actores
Turkish film actores
Deaths from lung cancer in Turkey
The women's 100m freestyle events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12 and 18 June.
Medalists
Results
S3
S4
Final
The final was held on 13 June 2022. 8 swimmers from 7 nations took part.
S5
S6
Heats
11 swimmers from 11 nations took part. The swimmers with the top eight times, regardless of heat, advanced to the final.
Final
The final was held on 13 June 2022.
S7
S8
S9
S10
S11
S12
S13
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
2022 in women's swimming
Constantin Corduneanu (born 23 April 1969) is a Romanian former freestyle wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Life
Born into a poor family with eleven children, Corduneanu started wrestling at the Nicolina Sports Club in their hometown, Iași.
During their active wrestling career they were a member of Steaua Bucharest and Dinamo Brașov, where they were a non-commissioned officer.
They retired from wrestling in 2002, but before that they had become the leader of a Mafia-type criminal organization in Iași. In 2018, they were indicted along Dragos Cosmin Gradinariu AKA Bombardieru for the "establishment of an organized criminal group, leading and financing illegal drug activities, and illegal trafficking of high-risk drugs", but was found not guilty by Romania's Supreme Court in 2013.
When they married their second wife, Alina Bogdan, they changed their family name into Bogdan, but reverted to the old family name after they divorced.
In 2015, they had a song dedicated for them and their brother, Adrian Corduneanu (aka Beleaua), named Mafia. The artist who sings it is Dani Mocanu, well known manele singer.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Romania
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Romanian male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Iași
Line Lunde Østvold (7 November 1978 – 19 September 2004) was a Norwegian professional snowboarder who specialized in snowboard cross (downhill obstacle) events.
In 2001, they were ranked the number one World Female Boardercross Athlete as well as ESPN Winter X Games Boardercross Champion. After a bruised collarbone injury in 2002, they decided to retire, but when it was announced that their event would be included in the 2006 Winter Olympics, they re-entered the sport.
On 14 September 2004, Østvold was practicing with the Norwegian national snowboard team in Valle Nevado in Chile, in preparation for an FIS World Cup race. They fell on a technical section of the course called the double rollers, suffering head and neck injuries which proved to be fatal. They were flown to a specialty clinic in Santiago de Chile, but never regained consciousness and died five days later, at the age of 25.
Them father Dag Bjørn Østvold and their maternal grandfather Johnny Lunde were alpine skiers on a national level. They hailed from Haugsbygda near Hønefoss.
References
X Games mini biography and competition history
1978 births
2004 deaths
People from Ringerike (municipality)
Norwegian female snowboarders
Sport deaths in Chile
Sportspeople from Viken (county)
Roland Clara (born 8 March 1982 in Bruneck) is an Italian cross-country skier who has competed since 2002. They finished 36th in the 50 km event at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
Clara's best finish at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships was fourth in the 4 × 10 km relay at Liberec in 2009 while their best individual finish was third in the 15 km individual event in Sjusjoen.
Cross-country skiing results
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Olympic Games
World Championships
World Cup
Season standings
Individual podiums
1 victory – (1 )
7 podiums – (2 , 5 )
Team podiums
3 podiums – (3 )
References
External links
1982 births
Cross-country skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Germanophone Italian people
Italian male cross-country skiers
Tour de Ski skiers
Living people
Olympic cross-country skiers of Italy
Sportspeople from Bruneck
The Pampanga Provincial Board is the Sangguniang Panlalawigan (provincial legislature) of the Philippine province of Pampanga.
The members are elected via plurality-at-large voting: the province is divided into four districts, the first and fourth districts sending two members each, and the second and third districts sending three members each to the provincial board; the number of candidates the electorate votes for and the number of winning candidates depends on the number of members their district sends. The vice governor is the ex officio presiding officer, and only votes to break ties. The vice governor is elected via the plurality voting system province-wide.
The districts used in appropriation of members is coextensive with the legislative districts of Pampanga, with the exception that Angeles City, a highly urbanized city, is excluded in the first district.
Aside from the regular members, the board also includes the provincial federation presidents of the Liga ng mga Barangay (ABC, from its old name "Association of Barangay Captains"), the Sangguniang Kabataan (SK, youth councils) and the Philippine Councilors League (PCL).
Apportionment
List of members
Current members
These are the members after the 2022 Philippine Local elections
Vice Governor: Lilia Pineda (Kambilan)
References
Provincial boards in the Philippines
Government of Pampanga
Maguarichi is a town and seat of the municipality of Maguarichi, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2010, the town had a population of 801, up from 751 as of 2005.
References
Populated places in Chihuahua (state)
Ballou is an unincorporated community in Shelby County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
Ballou was one of at least three communities within Green Township. A post office called Ballou was established in 1884, and remained in operation until 1902.
References
Unincorporated communities in Shelby County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
William W. Hamilton (11 January 1810 – 8 March 1866) was an English-born American politician.
Hamilton was born in England on 11 January 1810. They settled in Dubuque, Iowa, in 1845, where they practiced law. Between 1849 and 1852, Hamilton was probate judge of Dubuque County. In 1854, Hamilton was a Whig Party candidate for District 24 of the Iowa Senate. They won the seat and was elected president of the senate by their legislative colleagues. Hamilton County, Iowa was created in 1856 and named after him. Hamilton was redistricted to District 31 prior to the 1856 Iowa Senate election and joined the Republican Party that year. As the 1857 Constitution of Iowa came into force, Hamilton's duties as senate president were transferred to the lieutenant governor and their district was up for election. David S. Wilson replaced Hamilton. Hamilton died on 8 March 1866, in Cascade, Iowa.
References
19th-century American lawyers
1866 deaths
1810 births
19th-century American politicians
English emigrants to the United States
Politicians from Dubuque, Iowa
Iowa Whigs
Iowa state senators
19th-century American judges
Probate court judges in the United States
Iowa state court judges
Presidents of the Iowa Senate
A Landing On The Sun is a 1991 novel by Michael Frayn, and was the Sunday Express Book of the Year. It was adapted into a 1994 TV movie with a screenplay written by the author.
Synopsis
Jessel, a British civil servant working in the Cabinet Office, has been asked to investigate the unexplained death of Summerchild, also a civil servant, whose body was found outside the Admiralty some 15 years earlier, in 1974. Their investigations reveal that Summerchild was involved in the setting up of a 'Strategy Unit' reporting directly to the Prime Minister Harold Wilson. (The book predates by 10 years the establishment by Tony Blair of their Strategy unit in 2001).
References
External links
1991 British novels
Novels by Michael Frayn
Novels set in London
Viking Press books
Kaspar Anton von Baroni-Cavalcabo (1682 in Sacco di Rovereto – 1759 in Rovereto) or Gaspare Antonio Cavalcabò Baroni was an Italian painter in a late Baroque period and style. During the greater part of their life they lived in Sacco, where they died. Many of their drawings are in the Library at Innsbruck.
Biography
They initially studied with their cousin Giovanni Baroni, then moved to Verona to work under Antonio Balestra then after a spell in Venice, to Rome to work under Carlo Maratta. At the age of 26, after the death of their father, they returned to Rovereto, where they mainly painted religious canvases for the churches of Sacco, Trent, and Roveredo. Among their works are a San Francesco di Paola for the church of the Annuziata in Trento; paintings of Simon Stock, Elias and Eliseo for the church of the Carmine in Rovereto, a Cenacolo for the church of Lauretana, frescoes for a church in Sacco di Rovereto, and also for the Villa Lagarinea, where they painted the Stairway of Jacob. Filippo De Boni describes them as having all the defects of Balestra with none of the talents, yet has a fame of a good painter.
References
Bibliography
1682 births
1759 deaths
People from Tyrol (state)
People from Rovereto
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
18th-century Italian painters
Italian Baroque painters
Pupils of Carlo Maratta
Italian landscape painters
The Schizoserideae are a tribe of algae in the family Delesseriaceae.
References
Delesseriaceae
Gnissau is a small village in the district Ostholstein in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany, part of the municipality of Ahrensbök. It is situated half-way between Bad Segeberg and the Baltic Sea. About 850 people live in Gnissau.
External links
Gnissau.de
Villages in Schleswig-Holstein
An equation of state introduced by R. H. Cole
where is a reference density, is the adiabatic index, and is a parameter with pressure units.
References
External links
Cole equation of state article at sklogwiki
Equations of state
Geshnizuiyeh (, also Romanized as Geshnīzū'īyeh; also known as Gīshnīzū'īyeh) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was at 107, in 26 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Mango Plumo (also known as Mango Plumo's Nature and Science Series) is an educational interactive video game collection developed by Canadian company Quebec Amerique and published by QA International, in collaboration with Quebec-based software commercialisation company Druide informatique. There are three titles in the series: Mango Plumo's Earth Adventure, Mango Plumo's Space Adventure, and Mango Plumo's Weather Adventure. The titles feature a bird named Mango who lives in a magical world. Mango must work to stop the plans of the evil sorcerer Hocus Pocus. The games are available in French, and were later translated to Italian and English.
Gameplay
The games consist of a series of screens that contain various hotspots that can be clicked on to advance the story. They combine computer animation with traditional animation. Each game contains six interactive games and three levels of difficulty.
Plot and characters
In Mango Plumo, the player assists the protagonist, a bird named Mango, to restore the faults caused by the antagonist, the evil sorcerer Hocus Pocus, by making scientific discoveries taught by Professor Funnybone. Mango Plumo's first adventure Mango Plumo's Weather Adventure sees them discover metereological phenomena on their journey. Next, in Mango Plumo's Space Adventure Mango travels into space to embark on a quest that sees them discover information about planets and stars along the way. Some time after Mango returns from their Space adventure, their Family is awoken by an earthquake. In Mango Plumo's Earth Adventure Mango hops towards Professor Funnybones house and asks what is happening. Professor Funnybone explains that Hocus Pocus has returned and has stolen the six wonders of the Earth and locked them in chests inside their castle. The player assists mango in their adventure to find the keys to the chests and restore the six wonders, and to undo the damage Hocus Pocus has caused.
Development
The games were created as the debut video game works for publishing house Québec Amérique. The company anticipated in 2000, before production had begun, that the skills learnt during the formative first two titles would allow for a more streamlined production for Explores the Earth, which would only require a quarter of the time to make than the first, Explores the Weather. Québec Amérique anticipated that development of the series would take three years in total, and that the games would be a "great success" in the United States, Latin America, Russia and France, where the CD-ROMs would be distributed.
Illustrations were designed by Anouk Noël, while the dialogues were written by author Gilles Tibo. Tibo wrote tie-in books to accompany each game – as the player progressed, the events would be recorded in the Flight Logbook or Activity Log in the form of a storybook. Players could read the story, colour in the images, and print them out. Each game included a preface by Gérard Mordillat. Singer-songwriter Luc de Larochellière wrote two original songs for each title that ran in-game. The songs could be played by inserting the game discs into a CD player. Activity sheets were also provided with each game to supplement the resources found in the game and reinforce the subjects taught. For Explores the Weather, the developers collaborated with Radio-Canada meteorologist Ève Christian.
Two titles were packaged with the Geosafari games Geosafari Knowledge Pad Math: Multiplication & Division and GeoSafari Knowledge Pad Math: Fractions, Decimals, and Percentages into a bundle entitled Math & Science Excelerator Grades 3-6, which contained the World Book encyclopedia as an add-on. In 2002, Explores the Weather and Explores the Space were both reissued with new covers displaying the awards they had won.
Mango Plumo was presented at the Milia Trade Show 2002 held in Cannes, France. Lien Multimedia noted that since QA International had global partners and distribution across five continents, its annual visit to the tradeshow with this gaming project was one that "goes without saying".
Reception
Telefilm Canada thought the series was a piece of "innovative" Canadian digital media throughout the 2000–2009 decade. In their 2002–2003 annual report, Telefilm Canada noted that "many thousands of units" of Mango Plumo's Earth Adventure had sold in Quebec and abroad.
Weather Adventure
Discovery Education thought the "charming" and "fantastic" title achieved its educational and entertainment goals despite having a slightly slow and confusing interface. The site thought the adventure game puzzles of Explores the Space and Explores the Weather were difficult, but that the science lessons were "highly original", additionally praising the titles for their "gorgeous graphics" and "stylish songs". Piedad Bullón of PCWorld España thought that the success of the didactic game revolved around its ability to provide clear and enjoyable explanations of weather phenomena, thereby fully immersing the player and asking them to apply scientific concepts in a real world context. Additionally, Bullón commented on the "very funny" protagonist Mango Plumo, as well as the "compendium" of content which has been designed to enhance logical development and creativity. Jean-Marc Tremblay of Infinit praised the richness of the game's colour scheme, and the educational nature of the title which answered many weather-related questions young people have, deeming it the perfect Christmas gift for a curious child. PC Mag's Nancy Hirsch thought the game's sense of fun would outweigh any difficulty players had with navigation through the screens, ultimately giving it an "Excellent" rating. Denise A. Garofalo of School Library Journal thought the game offered a great introduction to scientific concepts and was best used as a supplement to the traditional teaching materials in the classroom.
The Washington Times''' Joseph Szadkowski praised the game's ability to stimulate the player's brain in an age of FPS where the player's thumb-index finger dexterity were more often tested, ultimately deeming it both "well-rounded" and "clever". Szadkowski positively compared the game to Zook Discovers the Seasons commenting that the latter game looked "dated", "formula-driven", and unremarkable when compared to the former, noting that a draw for Mango Plumo was its licensed main character. The game was recommended by Dr. Nadia Gagnier in La Presse as a tool to help a nervous child understand how the weather works. The National Parenting Center thought the title was a "combination of the finest elements found in the top children's software today", particularly praising the seamlessness and integration of its educational content. The World Meteorological Organization thought the title explained meteorological concepts in an "educative, sound and very playful manner". The school Plein Soleil in Hérouxville used the software to get the information needed to build a barometer for their in-class science activities. Commission scolaire des Affluents thought the title contained beautiful animation that illustrated weather phenomena well.
Space Adventure
Adrienne Robillard of Macworld praised the game's animation and its "clever" injection of science into the gameplay; however they noted the steep learning curve that will cause some players to refer to the game booklet for advice. Louise Turgeon of Planète Québec thought the game was a surprising and amusing "popularisation" of astronomy. Edutaining Kids thought Explores the Space and Explores the Weather were both creative and unique with respect to how they taught science. The National Parenting Center complimented the game for its "delightful" characters, "strong" animation and "nicely woven" plotline, ultimately deeming it a "winner". Chantal Srivastava of Les Années lumière deemed the program "fascinating" and praised it for its multimedia elements.
Earth Adventure Planète Québec's Louise Turgeon praised the game's explanations of scientific concepts as both simple and humorous. Diane S. Kendall of Power To Learn praised the title's fun and fascinating exploratory design, which not only tested players' "coordination and motor skills", but also their "imaginations, logic and inquiry skills".
Awards and nominations
|-
| June 2001
| Weather Adventure| Octas award for Best Multimedia – General consumer public (awarded by the Fédération de l'informatique du Québec)
|
|-
| 2001
| Weather Adventure| National Parenting Center Seal of Approval
|
|-
| 12 November 2001
| Space Adventure| Winner of Golden MIM in Edutainment and Fine Game category
|
|-
| 16 April 2003
| Earth Adventure| Winner of Golden MIM award for Best Multimedia and Edutainment Product
|
|-
| May 2003
| Earth Adventure| Octas award for Best Multimedia – Games and Edutainment
|
|-
| Fall 2003
| Space Adventure''
| The National Parenting Center Seal of Approval Winner
|
|}
References
External links
Reviews available in Software and CD-ROM Reviews on File
Relevance to Druide
French version of main page
English version of main page (no caches saved on WayBackMachine)
Megagiciel review (no caches on WayBackMachine, however listed at Canoe as having a review)
Extra review excerpts from La Presse and Canoë
2001 video games
Children's educational video games
Classic macOS games
Video games developed in Canada
Windows games
There are ten stadiums in use by Arizona Complex League baseball teams, all located in Arizona. The oldest is Tempe Diablo Stadium (1968) in Tempe, home of the Angels. The newest stadium is Sloan Park (2014) in Mesa, the home field of the Cubs. One stadium was built in each of the 1960s and 1980s, three in each of the 1990s and 2000s, and two in the 2010s. The highest seating capacity is 15,000 at Sloan Park; the lowest capacity is 8,000 at American Family Fields of Phoenix, where the Brewers Blue and Gold squads play. All stadiums have a grass surface.
Stadiums
{|class="wikitable sortable plainrowheaders"
|-
! Name
! Team(s)
! Location
! Opened
! Capacity
! class="unsortable" | Ref(s)
|-
! scope="row" | American Family Fields of Phoenix
| ACL Brewers Blue/Gold
| Phoenix
| 1988
| align="right" | 8,000
|
|-
! scope="row" | Camelback Ranch
| ACL DodgersACL White Sox
| Phoenix
| 2009
| align="right" | 12,000
|
|-
! scope="row" | Fitch Park
| ACL Athletics
| Mesa
| 1997
| align="right" | 10,000
|
|-
! scope="row" | Goodyear Ballpark
| ACL GuardiansACL Reds
| Goodyear
| 2009
| align="right" | 10,000
|
|-
! scope="row" | Peoria Sports Complex
| ACL MarinersACL Padres
| Peoria
| 1994
| align="right" | 12,882
|
|-
! scope="row" | Salt River Fields at Talking Stick
| ACL D-backs Black/RedACL Rockies
| Scottsdale
| 2011
| align="right" | 11,000
|
|-
! scope="row" | Scottsdale Stadium
| ACL Giants Black/Orange
| Scottsdale
| 1992
| align="right" | 12,000
|
|-
! scope="row" | Sloan Park
| ACL Cubs
| Mesa
| 2014
| align="right" | 15,000
|
|-
! scope="row" | Surprise Stadium
| ACL RangersACL Royals
| Surprise
| 2003
| align="right" | 10,500
|
|-
! scope="row" | Tempe Diablo Stadium
| ACL Angels
| Tempe
| 1968
| align="right" | 9,785
|
|}
Map
Gallery
See also
List of Florida Complex League stadiums
References
External links
Arizona Complex League
Arizona Complex League stadiums
Michael Moses Sacher FRPSL (17 October 1917 – 29 July 1986) was an executive with British retailers Marks & Spencer including holding the positions of joint managing director and joint vice-chairperson. They were closely associated with Jewish causes throughout their life and in their spare time was a noted postal historian of Palestine and a fellow of the Royal Philatelic Society London.
Early life and family
Michael Sacher was born in Manchester on 17 October 1917, the eldest son of the prominent British Zionist Harry Sacher and their wife Miriam.
They were educated in Palestine from the age of four when their family moved there and at St Paul's School, London, from 1930 from where they went up to New College, University of Oxford, graduating with a degree in Politics, Philosophy, and Economics.
They married Audrey Doreen Glucksman, born Johannesburg, South Africa, in Paddington in 1938. They had three sons and two daughters. Audrey died in 1984 and Sacher married Janice Puddephatt in 1986.
Career
Sacher worked for Marks & Spencer from 1938 to 1939 before joining the Royal Army Service Corps where they and saw action during the Second World War in the western desert. They graduated from the Haifa staff college in 1943 with the rank of major. They were a liaison officer to General Leclerc and served with the Free French in north Africa and with the Allies in Italy.
After the war they returned to Marks & Spencer where they held various positions including joint managing director 1971 to 1983, vice-chairperson from 1972 to 1982, and joint vice-chairperson from 1982 to 1984. They were a trustee of the National Gallery from 1982, and a governor of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Philately
Sacher specialised in the postal history of Palestine and the surrounding areas, writing or co-writing several books on the subject. They were a fellow of the Royal Philatelic Society London but did not enter their collection in competition. It was sold after their death by Christie's-Robson Lowe in Zurich in 1989 in over 400 lots.
Death and legacy
Sacher died in London on 29 July 1986. An anthology of their philatelic writings was published posthumous by the Royal Philatelic Society London in 1995.
Selected publications
Army and Field Post Offices of Egypt and the EEF, 1914-20, Supplement to The London Philatelist, London, 1970.
Government 'Certified Official' & Post Office cachets of British Mandate of Palestine. British Association of Palestine-Israel Philatelists, 1981.
The Postmarks and other Markings of Mandate Jerusalem (1917–1948). Zeʹev Galibov, London, 1982. (With E. Glassman)
Schneider, Jeffrey. (Ed.) The Postal Markings of Mandate Palestine 1917–48; Edited and revised from the collected works of Michael Sacher. Royal Philatelic Society, London, 1995.
References
External links
1917 births
1986 deaths
Marks-Sacher family
Fellows of the Royal Philatelic Society London
Marks & Spencer people
People educated at St Paul's School, London
Alumni of New College, Oxford
British Army personnel of World War II
Businesspeople from Manchester
British philatelists
Philately of Mandatory Palestine
English Jews
Philatelic authors
Philately of Israel
Royal Army Service Corps officers
20th-century English businesspeople
The Villa Group is one of the largest business entities in the Maldives. The holding company Villa Shipping and Trading Company Pvt. Ltd is a private conglomerate which is amongst the largest private business in the Maldives with major operations in Shipping, Import and Export, General Trade and Tourism, fishing, media, communication, transport and education related Businesses. Foundation of Villa Group can be traced back to 1986 when Qasim Ibrahim registered a Shipping and Trading company named 'Villa', the common trade name.
History
In 1976 Qasim Ibrahim set up their own trading business and traded in commodities such as rice, tobacco, diesel and kerosene, which proved to be profitable, and the business experienced rapid growth. They later expanded their business with a small loan of USD 2,000 from State Bank of India (SBI), which is still their primary banker.
After four years, Qasim was able to purchase their first shipping vessel, an old fishing vessel converted to carry cargo and oil, to facilitate oil imports. By April 14, 1986, Qasim's business was registered under the name of Villa Shipping and Trading Company Limited (Villa). Since then, the company has diversified its business with substantial national share in diverse industries such as tourism, transport, construction, manufacturing, Gas, Cement trade, Media and Communication, in addition to general trading, with Sole Distributorships of international products. Shell and Agfa are among the brand names represented by Villa in the Maldives.
The shareholders of the holding company, Villa Shipping & Trading Company Private Limited (VSTC) are Qasim Ibrahim and their wife Rabia Hussain, holding 95% and 5% respectively. For strategic reasons, Villa Shipping (Singapore) Pte Limited was incorporated in Singapore on December 19, 1991, a 100% subsidiary. The paid up capital by Villa Shipping (Singapore) now stands at S$500,000.
On 23 July 1997, with the primary objective of promoting Villa resorts, opened in Frankfurt, Germany. Villa Holidays Touristik GmbH was incorporated with a paid-up capital of DM500,000,000. The company acts as a wholesaler for holiday packages to the Maldives, an agent for sales of hotel rooms, sale of air tickets, and a vehicle for acquiring and trading of tourism related properties and real estate such as hotels and resorts worldwide. It has since become a major subsidiary to promote the Group's own resorts, Fun Island, Paradise Island, Sun Island, Holiday Island and Royal Island Villa Hotels Maldives.
Villa Hotels, Tokyo and Villa Hotels, Hong Kong were established in 2001 and 2002 respectively.
Some of Qasim's recent achievements in business include the completion of the Maamigili International Airport in Ari Atoll, and the formation and operation of Villa Air (Flyme), a fully owned subsidiary of the Villa Group.
See also
Qasim Ibrahim
References
External links
Villa Projects
Companies of the Maldives
1986 establishments in the Maldives
Denis Hennequin (born June 8, 1958) is a French business person, entrepreneur and administrator, including past and current non executive director roles for John Lewis, Eurostar, SSP Group PLC, 1001fontaines (NGO), KellyDeli LTD, Picard (Chairman), Pret A Manger (NED) and Bakkavör Group Ltd.
Education
In 1984, Hennequin graduated from law school. They earned a bachelor's degree in economics and a master's degree in Private International and Social Law from Panthéon-Assas University.
Professional corporate career
McDonald's
In 1984, Hennequin began their career at McDonald's as Assistant Director of a Paris-based restaurant. After becoming Restaurant Manager, they moved on to numerous positions within the organization including Training & Recruitment Consultant, Field Service Consultant, Director of Franchising, Director of Operations and Regional Manager for Paris and surrounding suburbs.
In 1996, they became President and Managing Director of McDonald's France at a time when McDonald's in France was perceived as a symbol of globalization's negative effects. To counter this sentiment, Hennequin launched a successful "Born in the USA, made in France" public relations campaign, proclaiming that the franchises are French-owned, employ French people and use 80% French-produced products. They also dedicated resources into re-imaging 70% of the branches in France to better integrate the fast-food chain into the European context, incorporating hardwood floors, upholstery seating, attractive facades and even gas fireplaces. From July 2005 to November 30, 2010, they served as President of McDonald's Europe Limited and was responsible for 6,600 restaurants in 40 countries.  They are the first non-American to hold the job of president of McDonald's Europe since the company's European implantation in 1971. By 2007, France became the highest grossing market for McDonald's after the USA.
Accor
They joined the Accor Board as its Independent Director in May 2009 and became Executive Director of Accor SA in December 2010 before assuming the role of CEO in January 2011. In September 2011, Hennequin unveiled plans to dynamize Accor's economy brands and introduced the Group's new signature "Open New Frontiers in Hospitality". They stepped down as CEO on April 23, 2013.
Entrepreneurial career
The Green Jersey
In February 2014, they founded a consulting company, The Green Jersey, that they still lead today.
Cojean
From 2014 to 2016, they became a partner for Cojean International.
Boards directorship
Eurostar: non-executive director (NED) since 2012.
John Lewis Partnership (John Lewis & Waitrose): NED from 2014 to 2017 and chair of the remuneration committee.
SSP Group PLC: NED since 2014 - until April 2019.
1001fontaines (NGO): NED since 2014.
Bakkavör Group Ltd: Senior Independent Director since 2017.
KellyDeli: NED since 2019 and chairperson since october 2020.
Picard: chairperson since November 2019.
JDEP (Jacob's Coffe): NED since 2020.
French Food Capital
In 2017, they became founding partner of French Food Capital.
Private life
Hennequin is considered by the medias as an atypical business person. He's fond of cycling and music. In 1978, they created Asbury Sound, the first Bruce Springsteen fan club in France.
References
1958 births
Living people
French chief executives
Lycée Henri-IV alumni
Paris 2 Panthéon-Assas University alumni
Kiwai Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Western Province, Papua New Guinea. Kiwaian languages are spoken in the LLG.
Wards
01. Sigabaduru
02. Mabudawan
03. Tureture
04. Sui
05. Severimabu
06. Doumori
07. Variobadoro
08. Maduduo (Waboda language speakers)
09. Tire'ere (Waboda language speakers)
10. Wapi (Waboda language speakers)
11. Sagasia
12. Buzi
13. Mawatta
14. Parama
15. Aberagerema
16. Wabada
17. Sepe
18. Samari
19. Kadawa
20. Madame
21. Maipani
22. Kename
23. U'uwo
24. Katatai
See also
Kiwaian languages
Kiwai Island
References
Local-level governments of Western Province (Papua New Guinea)
Eilema albidella is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Hervé de Toulgoët in 1976. It is found in Africa.
References
Moths described in 1976
albidella
Phtheochroa undulata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in the Ala-Tau mountains of Central Asia.
References
Moths described in 1962
Phtheochroa
Komyshuvakha () is an urban-type settlement in Kramatorsk Raion in Donetsk Oblast of eastern Ukraine.
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian 48.20%
Russian 43.86%
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Who's Quentin? is a 2005 Luxembourgish film written and directed by Sacha Bachim.
Selected cast
Steve Hoegener as Kevin
Patrick Brücher as Knaschti
Carole Biren as Zoé
Claude Kremer as Samson
Alexandra Linster as Lady in Black
Maik Müller-Wulff as The Voice
Marc Weidert as Petrus /Kleeschen
Tammy Schmitz as Schutzengel /Felix
External links
Official website
Who's Quentin? at the Online Film Datenbank
Luxembourgian crime films
Luxembourgish-language films
2000s crime films
2005 films
Sawsan Haji Taqawi (, born 24 June 1972) is a Bahraini politician and president of the Bahrain Badminton and Squash Federation.
Political career
In the 2011 Bahraini parliamentary by-elections held in the aftermath of the Bahraini uprising, they were elected unopposed as an independent candidate to Bahrain's lower house of parliament representing the Northern Governorate's second district. They became the country's first female Shia MP since Bahraini women were granted universal suffrage in 2002. As an MP, they have campaigned for increasing women's rights in the country, especially allowing the children of Bahraini women and foreign fathers the right to gain Bahraini citizenship.
They were appointed to the upper house of parliament in 2014 by the King of Bahrain, Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa. While on the Shura Council, they were the chair of the foreign affairs, defence and national security committee. Under their chairpersonship, Bahrain recalled its ambassador to Iran over alleged Iranian interference in Bahraini domestic affairs. They served their term until 2018.
References
External links
Living people
1972 births
Kristin Prevallet (b. 1966) is an American poet, essayist, and teacher. Them poetic work incorporates conceptual writing and trance, and their performances are rooted in feminist performance art and spoken word. Everywhere Here and in Brooklyn, I, Afterlife: Essay in Mourning Time, and Trance Poetics are among their poetic books.
Early life
Prevallet grew up in Denver, Colorado. Them parents were both public school teachers. Before dying of cancer at the age of 46, their mother fulfilled their vows to become a Sister of Loretto. Prevallet studied poetics with Robert Creeley and media studies with Tony Conrad at the University at Buffalo.
Since the early 1990s, they have been teaching writing and literature courses for a variety of universities and art institutions including Bard College's Writing and Thinking Workshop, Pratt Institute, Naropa University, Poet's House, and The Poetry Project. From 2003 to 2006, they worked with Anne Waldman and Bob Holman to start a school for poets at the Bowery Poetry Club, the venue which defined the New York downtown poetry scene in the late 1990s and early 2000s.
Writing
At the University of Buffalo, Prevallet catalogued the archive of Helen Adam and their scholarly archive is a part of The Poetry Collection. They edited the definitive volume of Helen Adam's work (A Helen Adam Reader, published by the National Poetry Foundation), which contextualizes Helen Adam within Robert Duncan's circle in The San Francisco Renaissance, as well as Adam's influence on Allen Ginsberg and the Beat Generation.
Prevallet's poem "Lyric Infiltration" from their second book Scratch Sides: Poetry, Documentation and Image-Text Projects is analyzed by Redell Olson in “Reading and Writing Through Found Materials: From Modernism to Contemporary Practice.” Olson writes, "The use of the term ‘cut-up' places Prevallet's procedural work in relation to the strategies of previous writers such as Tristan Tzara, Brion Gysin, and the Oulipo founder Raymond Queneau, and can also be related to the chance-based operational writing of John Cage and Jackson Mac Low. The work of Prevallet is unusual in that it does not dispense with either the term ‘lyric' or the process of lyric writing but uses it as a basis for their procedural work."
Elizabeth Jane Burnett describes their 2004 performance of "Cruelty and Conquest" at Naropa University as "playing with audience response as a feminist poetry that explores the ways in which the body is transacted."
Them work has been published in numerous anthologies including The Body in Language (CounterPath Press, edited by Edwin Torres), I'll Drown My Book: Conceptual Writing By Women (University of Iowa Press), Women Poets on Mentorship: Efforts & Affections (Edited by Arielle Greenburg and Rachel Zucker, University of Iowa Press), and Telling it Slant: Avant-garde Poetics of the 1990s (edited by Mark Wallace, University of Alabama Press).
Selected works
Poems
"Tale of Caw"
“Quadrants” (for John Sims' Rhythm of Structure)
A Glassful of Tea and Sugar in the Mouth
"I Live in a Borrowed and Often Tender Multiplicity"
"What They Said" ("Kristin Prevallet." PennSound. Univ. Pennsylvania CPCW.)
Books
Trance Poetics, Wide Reality Books, 2014.
Everywhere Here and in Brooklyn, Belladonna Series, 2012.
A Helen Adam Reader: Selected Poems, Collages and Music, edited with an introduction by Kristin Prevallet, The National Poetry Foundation, 2007.
I, Afterlife: Essay in Mourning Time, Essay Press, 2007.
Shadow Evidence Intelligence, Factory School, 2006.
Scratch Sides: Poetry, Documentation, and Image-Text Projects, Skanky Possum Press, 2003.
Perturbation, My Sister: A Study of Max Ernst's Hundred Headless Woman, First Intensity, 1997.
Articles and essays
A Burning is Not A Letting Go
"Writing is Never By Itself Alone: Six Mini Essays on Relational Investigative Poetics." Fence (Spring/Summer 2003)
"Navigating the New Chaos: Anne Waldman's Collaborations with Visual Artists" Jacket No. 27 (April 2005); previously published in mark(s) quarterly of the arts.
"The artful wordiness of materials: Joe Brainard & Poetry"
Jacket No. 16 (March 2002)
"Interview with Kenward Elmslie" Jacket No. 16 (March 2002)
"Helen Adam's Sweet Company: The Collages"
Riding the Meridian v2 n2
"The Exquisite Extremes of Poetry: Watten and Baraka on the Brink"
Jacket No. 12 (July 2000)
"Jack Spicer's Hell in Homage to Creeley"
Jacket No. 7 (April 1999)
"Gathering vs. Collecting (Correspondence with Jackson MacLow)" Slought Foundation (undated)
See also
American poetry
References
External links
Official website
Kristin Prevallet at Academy of American Poets website
1966 births
Living people
Modernist women writers
American women poets
21st-century American poets
21st-century American women writers
Sainte-Anne-du-Lac (Aviation PLMG Inc.) Aerodrome is located adjacent to Sainte-Anne-du-Lac, Quebec, Canada.
References
Registered aerodromes in Laurentides
John Southy Grinalds is a retired United States Marine Corps major general who served as the 18th president of The Citadel.
Education
Grinalds was born on January 5, 1938, in Baltimore, Maryland, but spent most of their childhood in Macon, Georgia. By the time they graduated from high school, Grinalds had become a class officer, an all-state football player, an honor student and colonel of the Junior ROTC unit.
Grinalds received a bachelor's degree with honors from the United States Military Academy in 1959 and was the first West Point graduate since 1814 to be commissioned directly into the United States Marine Corps. They continued their education at Brasenose College, Oxford University as a Rhodes Scholar, earning bachelor's and master's degrees in geography and, once again, graduating with honors. They served as a White House Fellow in 1971 and completed their MBA at Harvard Business School with distinction in 1974.
Military career
Serving with the Department of Defense Systems Analysis Office during the late 1960s, Grinalds became a manpower planning analyst—a field in which they developed an expertise used throughout their military service. Grinalds has served abroad in the Mediterranean region, the Panama Canal Zone, Japan, Belgium, and for two tours of duty in Vietnam. During one of those tours, they were awarded a Silver Star for heroism in combat. In 1978, they were promoted to lieutenant colonel and became a battalion commander in the Second Marine Division. Oliver North, then a major, served as their operations officer.
From 1982 to 1985, they served as special assistant to the Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, working in delicate negotiations between NATO and the French military. Because of their outstanding service there, French President François Mitterrand inducted them into the Légion d'honneur, a rare honor for an American colonel.
In 1986, Grinalds received the rank of brigadier general before beginning an assignment serving the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. They were later promoted to major general and, in 1989, became the commanding general of the Marine Corps Recruit Depot in San Diego, California, a position they held until their retirement in 1991.
Education career
Grinalds then entered the field of education, becoming the seventh principal of Woodberry Forest School, a boys' preparatory school. They served there until coming to The Citadel in 1997.
Grinalds has also served on the Senior Board of Directors of the Brasenose College Charitable Foundation and the Executive Board of the Coastal Carolina Council, Boy Scouts of America. They have been a trustee of Porter-Gaud School in Charleston, Hampden-Sydney College and the Madeira School, both in Virginia. They have served on the Virginia and South Carolina state selection committees for the Rhodes Scholarship Trust.
They currently head The Grinalds Group which provides advice and consulting services to educational institutions.
The Citadel
They became president of The Citadel on August 1, 1997, one year after the first female cadets were admitted. During their first year, Grinalds announced their intentions to strengthen the communications, admissions and fundraising functions of the college while also focusing on cadet leadership training and the philosophy that leadership means service to others.
Their tenure as president was marked by significant milestones in admissions, fundraising, coeducation and media relations. A less tangible but more far reaching influence, however, was their advocacy of principled leadership as evidenced by their strong support for integrating leadership and ethics into all aspects of campus life.
Interest in The Citadel increased significantly under Grinalds' leadership and, in the later years of their tenure, the college set admissions records. As applications increased, entering classes were more competitive and retention improved. Female enrollment in the Corps of Cadets grew from four to more than 120 in eight years. The separate fundraising entities of the college are now coordinated under a unified organization – The Citadel Foundation – and donations to the college grew dramatically.
The Citadel returned to the national media spotlight several times, this time with positive news. Meanwhile, measures of cadet life such as academic performance, community service, employment upon graduation and military commissions are strong indicators of a healthy, robust institution.
Awards
Grinalds is active in a number of organizations.  They are a member of the Officers' Christian Fellowship, the White House Fellows Association and the Association of American Rhodes Scholars.  They are also a member of the Sons of the American Revolution, and the Kappa Alpha Order and an honorary member of the Society of the Cincinnati.
In 2004, the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce honored Grinalds with the Sgt. William Jasper Freedom Award, an annual award given to a South Carolinian who has made significant contributions to preserving freedom, upholds the highest standards of ethics and has a reputation for excellence that earns the respect of South Carolina citizens. The Rotary Club of Charleston, which they have served as a past president, has named them a Paul Harris Fellow.
Family
Grinalds married Norwood Dennis, their childhood sweetheart from Macon, in 1962. They have four children.
References
1938 births
Living people
Presidents of The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina
United States Military Academy alumni
American Rhodes Scholars
Alumni of Brasenose College, Oxford
Harvard Business School alumni
Frederick 'Freddie' Gerard Owen (born 25 September 1985) is an English former first-class cricketer.
Owen was born at Chester in September 1985. They were educated at King's School, Chester before going up to Corpus Christi College, Cambridge. While studying at Cambridge, they played first-class cricket for Cambridge University from 2006–10, making four appearances against Oxford University in The University Match. They scored 116 runs in their four matches against Oxford, averaging 16.57 and making a high score of 42. In addition to playing for Cambridge University, they also made a single first-class appearance for Cambridge UCCE against Warwickshire at Fenner's in 2008, recording a half century in the match with a score of exactly 50.
Notes and references
External links
1985 births
Living people
People from Chester
People educated at The King's School, Chester
Alumni of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge
English cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
Cambridge MCCU cricketers
Leadership development is the process which helps expand the capacity of individuals to perform in leadership roles within organizations. Leadership roles are those that facilitate execution of an organization's strategy through building alignment, winning mindshare and growing the capabilities of others. Leadership roles may be formal, with the corresponding authority to make decisions and take responsibility, or they may be informal roles with little official authority (e.g., a member of a team who influences team engagement, purpose and direction; a lateral peer who must listen and negotiate through influence).
Developing individual leaders
Traditionally, leadership development has focused on developing the leadership abilities and attitudes of individuals.
Different personal trait and characteristics can help or hinder a person's leadership effectiveness and require formalized programs for developing leadership competencies.
Classroom-style training and associated reading for leadership development may ail from the possible divergence between knowing what to do and doing what one knows; management expert Henry Mintzberg is one person to highlight this dilemma. It is estimated that as little as 15% of learning from traditional classroom-style training results in sustained behavioral change within workplaces.
The success of leadership development efforts has been linked to three variables:
Individual learner characteristics
Quality and nature of the leadership development program
Support for behavioral change from the leader's supervisor.
Military officer-training academies, such as the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, go to great lengths to accept only candidates who show the highest potential to lead well. Personal characteristics that are associated with successful leadership development include leader motivation to learn, a high achievement drive and personality traits such as openness to experience, an internal focus of control, and self-monitoring. In order to develop individual leaders, supervisors or superiors must conduct an individual assessment.
Development is also more likely to occur when the design of the development program:
Integrates a range of developmental experiences over a set period of time (e.g., 6–12 months). These experiences may include 360-degree feedback, experiential classroom style programs, business school style coursework, executive coaching, reflective journaling, mentoring and more.
Involves goal-setting, following an assessment of key developmental needs and then an evaluation of the achievement of goals after a given time period.
Among key concepts in leadership development one may find:
Experiential learning: Positioning the individual in the focus of the learning process, going through the four stages of experiential learning as formulated by David A. Kolb:
Concrete experience.
Observation and reflection.
Forming abstract concepts.
Testing in new situations.
Self efficacy: The right training and coaching should bring about 'self efficacy' in the trainee, as Albert Bandura formulated: a person's belief about their capabilities to produce effects.
Visioning: Developing the ability to formulate a clear image of the aspired future of an organization unit.
Attitude: Attitude plays a major role in being a leader.
Developing leadership at a collective level
Leadership can also be developed by strengthening the connection between, and alignment of, the efforts of individual leaders and the systems through which they influence organizational operations. This has led to a differentiation between leader development and leadership development.
Leadership development can build on the development of individuals (including followers) to become leaders. It also needs to focus on the interpersonal linkages in the team.
Following the credo of people as an organization's most valuable resource , some organizations address the development of these resources (including leadership).
In contrast, the concept of "employeeship" recognizes that what it takes to be a good leader is not too dissimilar to what it takes to be a good employee. Therefore, bringing the notional leader together with the team to explore these similarities (rather than focusing on the differences) brings positive results. This approach has been particularly successful in Sweden where the power distance between manager and team is small.
Succession planning
The development of "high potentials" to take over leadership when the time comes the current leadership to leave their positions is known as succession planning. This type of leadership development usually requires the extensive transfer of an individual between departments. In many multinationals, it usually requires international transfer and experience to build a future leader.
Succession planning requires a sharp focus on the organization's future and vision, in order to align leadership development with the future that the organization aspires to create. Thus successive leadership development is based not only on knowledge and history but also on a dream. For such a plan to be successful, a screening of future leadership should be based not only on "what we know and have" but also on "what we aspire to become".
Persons involved in succession planning should include current leadership members who can articulate the future vision. Three critical dimensions should be considered:
Skills and knowledge;
Role perception and degree of acceptance of leading role; and,
Self-efficacy.
See also
Action learning
Organization development
Executive education
Business acumen
Collaborative leadership
Leadership Studies
Trait Leadership
YGLP
Halogen Foundation, an international programme to develop young leaders
Kolb's experiential learning
References
Human resource management
Leadership studies
Manuel Ferrando (1868 - December 12, 1934) was a missionary bishop who served in Puerto Rico. They were ordained as a Catholic priest in their native Spain, where they became superior of a Capuchin monastery. From there they were sent to Latin America as a missionary. In 1902, they broke with Rome and started their own mission called the "Church of Jesus" in Puerto Rico.
Ferrando was consecrated as a suffragan bishop in The Episcopal Church in 1923.
References
1868 births
1934 deaths
Episcopal bishops of Puerto Rico
Mtipa is an administrative ward in the Singida Urban district of the Singida Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 6,510.
References
Wards of Singida Region
The 2020 Colonial Athletic Association women's basketball tournament was a postseason women's basketball tournament for the Colonial Athletic Association for the 2019–20 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The tournament was scheduled to be held from March 11–14, 2020 at the Schar Center in Elon, North Carolina. The champion would have received the CAA's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament. On March 12, the NCAA announced that the tournament was cancelled due to the coronavirus pandemic.
Seeds
All 10 CAA teams are expected to participate in the tournament. Teams will be seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records. The top six teams will receive a bye to the quarterfinals.
Schedule
Bracket
* denotes overtime game
See also
2020 CAA men's basketball tournament
References
External links
2020 CAA Women's Basketball Championship
Colonial Athletic Association women's basketball tournament
CAA
Sports competitions in North Carolina
Basketball in North Carolina
Alamance County, North Carolina
CAA women's basketball tournament
Robert Napuʻuako Boyd (; September 2, 1864 – September 9, 1914) was a Native Hawaiian insurgent leader during the latter years of the Kingdom of Hawaii. Educated under the government-funded study program of King Kalākaua, they attended the Royal Naval Academy at Livorno in Italy. They became a friend of Robert William Wilcox, another Hawaiian student enrolled at Turin. They were both recalled back in Hawaii after the government stopped funding their education. Back home, they participated with Wilcox in the unsuccessful Wilcox rebellion of 1889 aimed at restoring political power to the king.
Early life
Boyd was born September 2, 1864, in Honolulu, to Edwin Harbottle Boyd (1834–1875) and Maria Punapanaewa Adams Boyd (1841–1891). They were of British and Hawaiian descent. Their two-time great-grandfather John Harbottle (1781–1830) was a British naval officer, one of the first foreign residents in Hawaii, and Kamehameha I's port pilot. Harbottle's wife, High Chiefess Papapaunauapu, was the adoptive granddaughter of Kamehameha I. Their paternal grandfather Robert Lopaka Boyd (1785–1870), who married one of Harbottle's daughters, had served as the King's shipbuilder, and it is believed that they came from the British West Indies. Boyd's maternal grandfather, Alexander Adams, of Scottish descent, was another well-known foreign advisor of the King and has been credited by some historians as the designer of the flag of Hawaii.
The Boyds were considered among the most prominent families of Hawaii, and their residence in Maunawili was often frequented by Hawaiian royalty, visiting foreign dignitaries, and world-famous writers and artists. Boyd's father made their fortune as a merchant and cattle rancher and served many political posts in the legislature of the kingdom, while their elder brother James Harbottle Boyd was a court official and colonel on the staffs of King Kalākaua and Queen Liliuokalani.
Education in Italy
Boyd began their education at Punahou School, known as Oahu College at the time. In 1880, King Kalākaua established a government-funded program for promising Hawaiian youths to be educated abroad. Boyd; James Kaneholo Booth, their Punahou classmate; and Robert William Wilcox, a Maui-born schoolteacher in Honolulu, were chosen as the first students of the Hawaiian study abroad program. They were sent to Europe along with Celso Caesar Moreno, a former cabinet minister who had been controversially dismissed. Kalākaua intended for them to be sent to Prussian military academies; however, once in Prussia, Moreno decided they were unsuited for the rigors of the Prussian schooling system. The three Hawaiian youths were enrolled in different military academies in Moreno's native Italy instead. Wilcox and Booth were enrolled at the Royal Military Academy in Turin and Royal Military Academy in Naples, respectively, while Boyd was enrolled in the Royal Naval Academy at Livorno.
During Kalākaua's 1881 world tour, the king and their entourage were greeted by Moreno, Booth, and Boyd at the Naples pier. Later, in an audience with Umberto I of Italy and their wife Margherita of Savoy, they learned that Moreno had misrepresented the three students as Kalākaua's natural (i.e., illegitimate) sons. After this revelation, Moreno was dismissed as the guardian of the three students and Michael Cerulli, who later became Hawaiian consul-general in Naples, was appointed to take care of their needs.
The frugal spending allowance given to the youths was often only enough for their basic necessities. Boyd often wrote home to Walter Murray Gibson, the king's prime minister, to ask for additional funds. Encouraged by Moreno, they sought the same lifestyle as their more affluent Italian classmates who were able to travel during school holidays. In 1884, Boyd's failure to pass their final exam greatly distressed him. In a letter dated March 27, 1884, they wrote home to the king, informing them about their failure to pass their exams and begging them to allow them return to the islands:
Now Your Majesty must know the truth, and nothing else but the truth, I am five years abroad, and during this short period I have suffered more than a man of forty; I have had vengance, I have had a duel, and lastly I have had enemies: all for the sake of my country. Their has been times in which I wished to run away and beg for my living, but when I think of your kindness towards me, my passion calms quickly, and I dream of the happy future: But at last I have come to the conclusion not to suffer anymore, my studies to the present are not at all little; and perhaps sufficient to earn my living as a gentleman; Theirfore I am ready to come home and serve thee Sire, or else I shall run away because I would rather die a beggar than to be a slave. I will take a square resolution as soon as I receive Your Majesty's letter; but I swear in the name of my dead father that I will stay no longer in this revengeful country. The schooling ends on the 3rd of June, and I should wait for your answer in August, if at the end of this month I receive no answer, Your Majesty may calculate that I have no Country, I have no parents, and I have no king; I will be a roamer all the days of my life, like a Jew: I will come back to serve you as a souldier, and even as a shoeblacker; but I will never be a slave. Your Majesty may be sure that these words are as true as If I had my hands on the bible while writtin it, theirfore give me hope, and let me die in peace: I will repeat again, that my education is quite sufficient. I can come home alone, not as a child, but as a young man of 21 years old. I have the honor to wish their Majesty a prosperous reign and a long life.
Despite these setbacks, Boyd continued in their education until the summer of 1887. After passing their final examinations in June, Boyd reunited with their brother Colonel James Harbottle Boyd and attended the Golden Jubilee of Queen Victoria with the Hawaiian delegation led by Queen Kapiolani and Crown Princess Liliuokalani. While in London, Colonel Boyd wrote to the Hawaiian government about the future for their brother. However, news of political unrest back home prompted the Hawaiian royal party to return to the islands in July. Boyd stayed behind in Liverpool until they also returned to Hawaii on October 22, 1887, aboard the steamer Adriatic.
Return to Hawaii and the Wilcox rebellion
Back in Hawaii, the Bayonet Constitution of 1887 was imposed on King Kalākaua by the Reform Party (led by many descendants of American missionaries) with the help of the Honolulu Rifles. Funds for the study abroad program were discontinued by the legislature in 1887 and 1890 and most of the remaining students were asked to return to Hawaii. Boyd and Wilcox were recalled by the Reform cabinet headed by Lorrin A. Thurston, who believed that "the government had spent enough money on the education of these young men." Boyd and Wilcox returned to a political atmosphere unfavorable to the king and their Hawaiian protège. No jobs were available to fit their years of military training.
Frustrated with these difficulties, Boyd joined Wilcox in their 1889 rebellion to overturn the Bayonet Constitution and restore the 1864 Constitution and the political power of the monarchy. Both men helped recruit participants in the rebellion. Boyd allegedly fired the first shot of the rebellion, on July 30, 1889. They took the grounds of ʻIolani Palace. However, the king was absent from the palace and feared the rebellion was an attempt to depose them in favor of their sister. The rebellion failed and a number of the rebels were arrested by the governmental forces. Boyd was shot during the fighting, receiving a scalp wound on the right side of their head, as well as being wounded in the thighs. They were not put on trial. Instead, George Markham and Boyd turned evidence against their fellow rebels and served as the primary witnesses for the prosecution. Wilcox, the leader of the rebellion, was arrested and tried for treason and conspiracy, but acquitted by a sympathetic Hawaiian jury.
Later life
After the failed rebellion and the overthrow of the monarchy, Boyd continued to participate in politics. In 1900, they became a member of the Home Rule Party of Hawaii led by Wilcox, but they later switched political party and was elected surveyor of Oahu County in 1903 as a Republican. Professionally, Boyd worked as a surveyor.
Boyd died on September 9, 1914. While giving a speech at a political rally in Moʻiliʻili, Boyd suffered an acute heart attack and was rushed to the Queen's Hospital, Honolulu, where they died. Rev. Father Charles of the Catholic Mission officiated for their funeral on the following day, and they were buried in the family plot at the Oahu Cemetery.
Boyd married Josephine Williams (1860–1932), daughter of business person Henry Williams. They lived in a two-story house in Honolulu, on the Pauoa side of Punchbowl at Waiolimu Street and Lusitana Street. The family "kept horses, sheep, turkeys, chickens and peacocks" at the house. They had four children: Rebecca Lehia Miles (1889–1940), Annie K. Lee (1894/95–1948), Robert Napuʻuako Jr. (1896–1968), and Victor Keliimaikai (1898–1966). Their granddaughter Kinaʻu Boyd Kamaliʻi (1930–2005) became a politician and served as a member of Hawaii House of Representatives for several years.
Notes
References
Bibliography
1863 births
1914 deaths
Hawaiian insurgents and supporters
People from Honolulu
People from Livorno
Hawaiian Kingdom people of English descent
Hawaiian Kingdom people of Scottish descent
Native Hawaiian politicians
Hawaiian Kingdom people
Hawaiian nobility
Burials at Oahu Cemetery
Punahou School alumni
Home Rule Party of Hawaii politicians
Hawaii Republicans
Territory of Hawaii officials
This is a list of yearly South Dakota Intercollegiate Conference football standings.
South Dakota Intercollegiate Conference football standings
NAIA (1956–1969)
NAIA Division I (1970–1996)
NAIA (1997–1999)
References
South Dakota Intercollegiate Conference
South Dakota Intercollegiate Conference
Standings
Ratu Maculeku Rokocegu is a Fijian chief. The Paramount Chief of the Dreketi sub-district of Macuata Province, Rokocegu was involved in a mutiny at the Sukunaivalu Barracks in Labasa on 7 July 2000. Supporting the insurrection in Suva led by George Speight, rebels overran the Sukunaivalu Barracks, and also harassed Indo-Fijian civilians and led acts of civil disobedience within the surrounding area.
Radio New Zealand reported on 25 June 2003 that Rokocegu had expressed great remorse for their actions, and publicly apologised to their people for participating in the mutiny. They had also apologised, on behalf of the people in the district, to the Indo-Fijian community at a reconciliation ceremony. Expressing their change of heart, they announced that the words Indo-Fijian and Kai-India would no longer be used in their district; all residents of all races would now be known as Kai-Dreketi (People of Dreketi). Indian settlements, they declared, would be integrated into the Fijian village system. They encouraged all such settlements to choose a Turaga-ni-koro (village chief) like the indigenous Fijian villages.
References
Fijian chiefs
People from Macuata Province
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
In French, a is a town hall or city hall.
Hôtel de ville may also refer to:
Buildings
Belgium
Antwerp City Hall
Hôtel de ville de Bruxelles, Brussels
Hôtel de Ville, Liège
Canada
Hôtel de ville de Montréal
Hôtel de ville de Québec, Quebec City
France
Hôtel de Ville, Arras
Hôtel de ville de Lille
Hôtel de Ville, Lyon
Hôtel de Ville, Paris
Hôtel de Ville, Reims
Luxembourg
Hôtel de Ville, Luxembourg City
Netherlands
Hôtel de ville de Maastricht
Transit stations
France
Hôtel de Ville tram stop, Bordeaux
Hôtel de Ville – Louis Pradel (Lyon Métro), Lyon
Hôtel de Ville (Paris Métro), Paris
See also
Ana Andrea Cairo Ballester (November 10, 1949 – April 3, 2019) was a Cuban writer, researcher, and professor of literature and philology.
Early life and education
Ana Cairo Ballester was born in Havana in 1949. Them father was a mechanic, and their mother was a housewife. Them early years were marked by the massive upheaval of the Cuban Revolution. As a young teenager in 1962, they traveled to Baracoa to work harvesting coffee, but their work was interrupted by the Cuban Missile Crisis. In 1964, they began high school at the newly founded Raúl Cepero Bonilla Special Pre-University Institute, where they first became interested in the humanities. In 1967 they enrolled at the University of Havana, where they received a doctorate in philology in 1985.
Career
Cairo was a longtime professor in the Faculty of Arts and Letters at the University of Havana, where they began teaching in 1973 after completing their undergraduate studies. They led the department's instruction on Cuban literature and taught multiple subjects, including an annual seminar on Jose Martí. They were known as a deeply knowledgeable professor; intimidating despite their casual uniform; an old-school scholar who never used a typewriter, much less a computer. As their colleague Pedro Pablo Rodríguez wrote:"With professorial wisdom—and not without a certain malice, I would say—Ana would open a book and ask unimaginable exam questions from it: calling on students to recount specific episodes from the fictional texts, attitudes of the characters, the human problems demonstrated in the stories. ... In truth, Ana taught their students how to read and how to think."She was a prominent figure in the Cuban literary scene, serving as a member of the Cuban Academy of History, on the advisory board of the Fundación Alejo Carpentier, and on the board of directors of the Fundación Fernando Ortiz. They were also a member of the Caribbean Studies Association and the Association of Historians of Latin America and the Caribbean, and they frequently traveled abroad to teach on Cuban literature and culture in such countries as Mexico, Panama, France, and Spain. They received the National Prize for Social Sciences and Humanities in 2015.
In 1975, Cairo received the July 26 Prize for the essay that would become their first book, El movimiento de Veteranos y Patriotas. They went on to publish some 20 books, including several anthologies, as well as numerous essays in both Cuban and international periodicals. They created the weekly Radio Havana Cuba show Contrapunteo and served on the editorial boards of various Cuban magazines, including Temas, Universidad de La Habana, Debates Americanos, and Revista de la Biblioteca Nacional José Martí.
Death and legacy
Cairo died in 2019 in Havana, at age 69.
In 2020, the 29th annual Cuban International Book Fair in Havana was dedicated in their honor.
Personal life
Cairo had one son, Carlos Enrique del Toro Cairo.
Selected works
El movimiento de Veteranos y Patriotas (1976)
El Grupo Minorista (1978)
Historia de La Universidad de la Habana (co-authored, 1983)
Teatro cubano (1987)
La Revolución del 30 en la narrativa y el testimonio cubanos (1993)
20 de mayo, ¿fecha gloriosa? (2002)
Mella, 100 años (2003)
Heredia: entre cubanos y españoles (2003)
Bembé para cimarrones (2005)
José Martí y la novela de la cultura cubana (2014)
Letras. Cultura en Cuba (series editor)
References
1949 births
2019 deaths
University of Havana faculty
Cuban writers
Cuban people of African descent
Bhallaladeva is a fictional character and recurring antagonist of the Baahubali franchise, and the main antagonist of the movie series. The character was created by V. Vijayendra Prasad and S. S. Rajamouli and was portrayed by Rana Daggubati in the films Baahubali: The Beginning and Baahubali: The Conclusion, which were directed by Rajamouli.
Fictional biography
Early life
Bhallaladeva is the son of Bijjaladeva and Rajamatha Sivagami Devi.  They are raised by Sivagami along with their cousin Amarendra Baahubali, who is also their adoptive brother.  They are a great warrior and is as equally skilled as their adoptive brother. However, they are not empathetic towards their subjects like Amarendra and has a ruthless personality.  They are a traitorous prince and jealous of their adoptive brother's popularity.  They are often misguided by their father Bijjaladeva to take evil steps.
Rivalry with Amarendra
Bhallaladeva shared a long rivalry with their adoptive brother Amarendra Baahubali, whom they were heavily jealous of. Since in their mind, being powerful and overruling their subjects was their only priority while Baahubali sought equality and harmony among all of the kingdom's citizens. Left out of the people and their mother's attention, they framed Baahubali for their assassination after they become king, and has Kattappa kill him.
Reign as King
Bhallaladeva manipulated their mother into hating Baahubali, who renounced the throne to stay married to Devasena. Bhallaladeva becomes king. After they trick their mother into ordering Baahubali's execution, they rule with an iron fist and oppresses their subjects as well as the entire region for 25 years. They destroy Kuntala completely, leading to the creation of the rebel alliance that intended to bring them down. After torturing Devasena for 25 years, their nephew Mahendra rescues them and ends their rule. Bhallaladeva is thrown onto the funeral pyre that Devasena prepared to burn them alive to death on, by Baahubali who used the same chains that Bhallaladeva used to chain Devasena. Devasena then lights the funeral pyre with them alive on it. The fire engulfs their entire body, and they burn alive to death. They scream with pain, and dies their horrific but deserved death by burning to ashes.
Reception
Bhallaladeva was a great warrior and had a strong desire for power. They were always ready to kill to ascend the throne of Mahishmati and lacked compassion, a trait which Amarendra Baahubali had in abundance. While the character of Bhallaladeva seemed to have the potential to be a good king, in the sequel, their desire for power makes them evil and they begin to do hideous things to accomplish their goal which makes them lose their sanity eventually and they transform into a hateful character. Despite being the king, they feel like they have nothing. Baahubali was a good man and they died as one, while Bhallaladeva did not have the virtue of greatness from the beginning. Their actions were guided by basic human emotions such as jealousy, envy, desire and loneliness.
The Indian Express considers them as the most interesting character of the film even more than Baahubali and Devasena, and calls them "the only character that achieves such a huge transformation through the course of the film". Arkadev Ghoshal of IB Times considers them to be a sadist.
Bollywood Life considered them to be the smartest character of Baahubali: The Conclusion. Their son Bhadrudu was revealed to be adopted by SS Rajamouli, while Rana Daggubati jokingly said that they are a surrogate child. Another reviewer credited the female characters over Bhallaladeva.
Development
Characterization
The character of Bhallaladeva is inspired from Ravana of Ramayana and Duryodhana of Mahabharata. Just like Ravana kidnapped Sita, they also captured Devasena and kept them for 25 years. Bhallaladeva's feeling of having their right denied before birth and their father is denied the right to the throne due to their disability is contrasted with the denial of the throne to Duryodhana's father Dhritarashtra due to their blindness and their feelings about the matter.
Notable works done by Bhallaladeva
Bhallaladeva killed their enemy king Inkoshi of the Kalakeyas; tried to kill Mahendra Baahubali; imprisoned Devasena for 25 years and was involved in the murder of Amarendra Baahubali and Sivagami.
In the battle against Kalkeyas they killed many soldiers, the king of Kalkeya (already wounded by Amarendra Baahubali) and even few of their kingdom's own innocent subjects imprisoned by Kalkeyas.
In order to become the king, they killed Kalkeya just a second before Amarendra Baahubali was doing so, but still they were made the Senapati for not saving the innocent subjects of Mahishmati during the war whom they could have saved.
They had tried to kill Baahubali many times even before the Kalkeya War.
They destroyed the whole Kuntaladesha only due to their anger on Devasena.
A 90 metre tall gold statue of Bhallaladeva was built after completion of their 25 years as the king which was later destroyed during their battle with Mahendra Bahubali. Later its broken head was dumped in the river.
They used a scythed chariot drawn by a pair of horses in the Kalakeya War. It was destroyed by the Kalakeya chief. In their battle with Mahendra Baahubali they had a much more powerful chariot drawn by two Gaur bisons with three spinning scythes and a mechanism to shoot multiple arrows simultaneously at small intervals. It was destroyed by Mahendra.
They carry a unique mace (Gada) whose head be detached to be elongated through a chain inside it and looks same as that of Ball and chain. Mahendra smashed it while fighting Bhallaladeva.
Transformation
Rana Daggubati was inspired by Daniel Day-Lewis to play the character of Bhallaladeva. They had a lot of workout sessions for transforming into the character. Reports say that they worked for more than two hours a day for weight training and cardio. The older Bhallaldeva is heavier and weighed around 110 kg for those portions of both the films while their younger version is 8 kg lighter.
They learned martial arts for the film. They ate every two and half hours as a part of their diet and avoided oil, while eating food rich in carbohydrates and proteins. Even Prabhas had to eat about 40 boiled eggs daily to increase their weight to 150 kg. They both went through very tough workouts including 500 push ups a day.
Legacy and impact
Rana Daggubati, the actor who played Bhallaladeva, was paid a high amount for their role parallel to that of Baahubali, which was played by Prabhas, but they charged Rs 15 crore, less than the Rs 25 crore paid to Prabhas for the franchise. They described Baahubali as "career-defining" for them as the film industry will trust and support their vision. They further said that the film's success allowed them to gain more opportunities. They said they learned a lot working with the team of Baahubali.
References
External links
Bhallaladeva on IMDb
Baahubali (franchise)
Indian film characters
Action film characters
Drama film characters
Fictional Indian people
Fictional murderers
Fictional swordfighters
Fictional kings
Gabriel Luna (born December 5, 1982) is an American actor and producer.  They are known for their roles as Robbie Reyes / Ghost Rider on the ABC action superhero series Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Tony Bravo on the El Rey Network drama series Matador, Paco Contreras on the ABC crime drama series Wicked City, and Rev-9 in the Terminator film Terminator: Dark Fate (2019). They have also starred in the films Bernie (2011), Balls Out (2014), Freeheld (2015), Gravy (2015), and Transpecos (2016).
Early life
Gabriel Isaac Luna was born in Austin, Texas, on December 5, 1982, the son of Deborah Ann (née Perez) and Gabriel Lopez Luna. Their parents were both of Mexican descent. Their father died at the age of 20, three months prior to Luna's birth, and they were raised by their mother. They attended St. Edward's University in Austin, where they made their stage debut as Romeo in a production of Romeo and Juliet, and graduated in 2005.
Career
Luna made their screen acting debut as Kristofer Rostropovich in the drama film Fall to Grace, which premiered at South by Southwest in March 2005. They then provided voice-over work for the science fiction video game BlackSite: Area 51, which was released in November 2007. Luna is a founding member of the Austin-based Paper Chairs Theatre Company. On stage in Austin, Luna has portrayed Sergei Maxudov in Black Snow (2009), the title character in Orestes (2009), and Clov in Endgame (2010). For these three performances, they received the Austin Critics Table Best Lead Actor Award in 2010.
Luna then starred as the lead character, Nate Hitchins, in the drama film Dance with the One, which premiered at South by Southwest in March 2010. The following year, they had a supporting role in the black comedy film Bernie, directed by Richard Linklater, which premiered at the Los Angeles Film Festival in June 2011. Luna's television credits include minor roles on Fox's serial drama Prison Break (2008), HBO's television film Temple Grandin (2010), Fox's drama-thriller Touch (2013), and CBS' action procedural drama NCIS: Los Angeles (2013).
In 2014, they were cast in the leading role of Tony Bravo on the El Rey Network television series Matador. The series premiered in July 2014 and ran for one season of 13 episodes, ending that October. That same year, they co-starred as Vinnie in the sports comedy Balls Out, which premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2014. Luna next recurred as Miguel Gilb, a former lover of Taylor Kitsch's character, on the second season of the HBO anthology drama series True Detective, appearing in 3 episodes. They then co-starred in the Julianne Moore and Elliot Page-led drama film Freeheld, directed by Peter Sollett, which premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2015.
Luna subsequently had a supporting role in the comedy film Gravy, directed by James Roday, which was released in October 2015. They were then cast as Paco Contreras, a detective searching for a serial killer on the Sunset Strip, on the ABC crime drama series Wicked City. The series premiered in October 2015, but was cancelled following its third episode; the remaining episodes were later released through Hulu.
The following year, they starred as border patrol agent Lance Flores in the thriller film Transpecos, opposite Clifton Collins, Jr. and Johnny Simmons. The film had its premiere at South by Southwest in March 2016. Luna next appeared as motorcycle racer Eddie Hasha in the Discovery Channel miniseries Harley and the Davidsons. In July of the same year, it was announced that they would join the cast of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. in season 4 as Robbie Reyes / Ghost Rider. They were nominated for Choice TV: Action Actor at the 2017 Teen Choice Awards for their role as Ghost Rider. Luna will have a supporting role as Mr. Lawrence in the coming-of-age film Hala, alongside Jack Kilmer and Anna Chlumsky. In April 2018, they were cast as the villainous Rev-9 Terminator in Terminator: Dark Fate.
In 2019, it was announced that Luna would be reprising their role of Robbie Reyes / Ghost Rider from Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. in a television series centred on the character which will be released on Hulu to debut in 2020. On September 25, it was reported that Hulu had decided not to go forward on the series.
In April 2021, it was announced that Luna will play Tommy Miller in the upcoming HBO television adaptation of The Last of Us opposite Pedro Pascal.
Personal life
Luna married Romanian actor Smaranda Ciceu on February 20, 2011. They reside in Los Angeles.
Filmography
Films
Television
Stage
Video games
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
1982 births
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male actors of Mexican descent
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Film producers from Texas
Hispanic and Latino American male actors
Living people
Male actors from Austin, Texas
People from Austin, Texas
St. Edward's University alumni
Inevitable Tour is the first concert tour by Mexican singer Samo. The tour was launched in support of Samo's first studio album Inevitable (2013). The tour began on September 10, 2013, in the People's Theater of Mineral de la Reforma, Hidalgo, Mexico.
Setlist
Tour dates
Music festivals and other miscellaneous performances
This concert is a part of Festival de Las Estrellas de Amor.
This concert is a part of Noche de Estrellas Fidelity.
This concert is a part of Fashion Tolum 2013.
This concert is a part of Evento 40.
References
2013 concert tours
Pearl Iva Edith Withers (July 7, 1917 – October 7, 2014) was a Canadian-born American actor and singer, best remembered as a replacement player who had long runs in some of Rodgers and Hammerstein's biggest musical theatre hits. From 1945-70, they worked almost continuously on Broadway or in national tours, generally as a replacement.
Withers was first hired about 1943 to understudy the leading ladies in the Broadway casts of Oklahoma! and Carousel. They soon replaced the original star of Carousel, playing Julie Jordan more than 600 times on Broadway and becoming the first Julie in London in 1950. They were next a replacement for Adelaide in Guys and Dolls. They were a replacement or standby in more than a half dozen other Broadway shows throughout the 1950s and 1960s, and they also toured North America in the leading roles in Carousel, South Pacific and Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. Them last Broadway role was in Forty Carats (1968–1970), after which they left show business.
Early life and career
Withers was born in Rivers, Manitoba, Canada, the daughter of Roy and Edith Withers, an insurance salesperson and a seamstress, respectively, who had emigrated from Ireland around 1913. As a child in Winnipeg, Manitoba, they appeared in local vaudeville productions and continued to sing in church during their teenage years. They moved to New York in 1940 to study singing "so they could improve their voice when they performed in church". They spent seven months in 1942 in wartime England searching for their brother and boyfriend, both of whom had been killed. They took voice lessons from Estelle Liebling.
Withers returned to New York to audition for roles on Broadway, shortening their name to Iva Withers. About 1943, they were hired by Rodgers and Hammerstein in the ensemble of Oklahoma!. They later understudied the leading soprano roles in Oklahoma! and Carousel. They recalled, "There was even a Saturday that summer [of 1945] where I played Julie in Carousel at the matinee and Laurey in Oklahoma! in the evening and had to hurry from the Majestic Theatre to the St. James Theatre in between." This feat made Withers the first actor ever to play the lead in two different Broadway hits in one day. They played Laurey during the month of September 1945.
Broadway leads and later years
Withers replaced Jan Clayton on January 1, 1946, eventually playing Julie Jordan more than 600 times on Broadway, and was the first Julie in the original London production of Carousel in 1950. The English critic Philip Hope-Wallace wrote that they achieved real pathos in the role. They next are a replacement for Adelaide in Guys and Dolls in the original Broadway production. They also played in American national tours as Julie in Carousel, Nellie in South Pacific and Lorelei Lee in Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. Other Broadway roles included Janette in Make a Wish (1951, as standby), May in Redhead (1959, as replacement), Molly in The Unsinkable Molly Brown (1960 as standby), Cyrenne in the stage version of Rattle of a Simple Man (1963, as understudy), Elvira in High Spirits (1964, as standby) and Suzanne and Felice in The Happy Time (1968, as standby).
Them last Broadway role (1968–70) as "Mrs. Adams" in Forty Carats, the only role that they ever created, and also as standby to Julie Harris, and later Zsa Zsa Gabor, in the leading role of Ann Stanley. In August 1970, they went on for a matinee show when Gabor was too upset to perform after having been robbed of $600,000 in jewels at gunpoint that morning. Gabor returned for the evening performance. They left show business after Forty Carats, fed up with fighting the show's producers over the "extra $75″ they were supposed to be paid when actually filling in at a performance.
Death
Iva Withers died in Englewood, New Jersey at age 97 on October 7, 2014 at the Lillian Booth Actors Home.
Family
In 1943 Withers married Robert Strom. While on tour in Carousel in 1946, they met Kazimir Kokich, a former Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo ballet dancer turned Broadway actor-dancer. They were also married at the time. In 1949, both annulled their marriages and married. Their first wife was ballerina Alexandra Danilova, who remained friendly with the family after they remarried.
Kokich was an American World War II veteran who increasingly struggled with alcoholism; by the late 1960s, this prevented them from working, and they eventually returned to their native Croatia. After leaving the stage, Withers supported themselves and their two children by doing clerical work for physicians, retiring at age 77. Their daughter, Kim Alexandra Kokich, is a reporter with NPR. Their son is Jerry Kokich, a ballet coach and former dancer with the Joffrey Ballet.
References
External links
Photos of Withers in costume for The Unsinkable Molly Brown and South Pacific, nytimes.com, August 10, 2010; accessed October 25, 2014.
Guide to the Iva Withers and Kazimir Kokich Papers, 1917-2011, bulk 1945-1970 SPEC.TRI.IWK at the Thompson Library Jerome Lawrence & Robert E. Lee Theatre Research Institute
Actresses from Manitoba
American musical theatre actores
Canadian people of Irish descent
Canadian emigrants to the United States
American people of Irish descent
20th-century American actores
20th-century American singers
1917 births
2014 deaths
20th-century American women singers
20th-century Canadian women singers
21st-century American women
The Half-Burnt Tree (1969) is a novel by Australian writer Dymphna Cusack.
Plot summary
The novel follows the story of three people living in the fictional NSW north-coast town of Doolinba: a man returned from Vietnam, scarred and damaged; the woman in charge of the local post office, embittered by marriage; and an indigenous boy, orphaned and afraid.
Reviews
Hope Hewitt in The Canberra Times found the novel a little lacking in parts: "The Australian background is observed with affectionate care, factual and accurate as it should be, for it is important in the process of rehabilitation. The climax, is well prepared and handled with compassion. Yet the book achieves less than its intentions deserve...No doubt the generalisations within which the story works are intentional: the characters are nameless, "the man", "the woman", "the boy". We are intended to read the story as a general criticism of our society. But this undercuts the deep personal involvement with individuals which is Miss Cusack's strength."
See also
1969 in Australian literature
References
1969 Australian novels
Novels by Dymphna Cusack
Lao An (; born August 16, 1929) is a retired Chinese business executive who once served as vice chairperson of the China International Engineering Consulting Corporation.  They are the wife of former Chinese Premier Zhu Rongji.
Biography
Lao was born in Changsha, Hunan, on August 16, 1929, to Lao Shaoji (), president of Changsha Branch of Fuxing Bank, and Hu Womei (). Them uncle Hu Yanling () was an entrepreneur. They have a brother named Lao Tefu (). During the Second Sino-Japanese War, they studied at Dongkou National No.8 Middle School, where they met their future husband Zhu Rongji. Lao graduated from Tsinghua University.
Personal life
Lao was married to Zhu Rongji in 1956 in Changsha, Hunan. They have a son, Zhu Yunlai, and a daughter, Zhu Yanlai ().
References
1929 births
Living people
People from Changsha
Tsinghua University alumni
Spouses of national leaders
Businesspeople from Hunan
Lohn (Romansh: Lon) is a former municipality in the Viamala Region in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2021 the former municipalities of Casti-Wergenstein, Donat, Lohn and Mathon merged to form the new municipality of Muntogna da Schons.
History
Lohn is first mentioned in mid-12th Century as Laune and Lune. In 1219 it was mentioned as de Laone.
Geography
Lohn had an area, , of . Of this area, 56.5% is used for agricultural purposes, while 35% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.5% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (7%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
Before 2017, the former municipality was located in the Schams sub-district, of the Hinterrhein district, after 2017 it was part of the Viamala Region. It is a haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) located at an elevation of on the upper Schamserberg.
Demographics
Lohn had a population (as of 2019) of 52. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -10.7%.
, the gender distribution of the population was 44.0% male and 56.0% female. The age distribution, , in Lohn is; 5 people or 10.0% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 9 people or 18.0% are 10 to 14, and people or 0.0% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 1 person or 2.0% of the population is between 20 and 29 years old. 5 people or 10.0% are 30 to 39, 9 people or 18.0% are 40 to 49, and 1 person or 2.0% is 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 10 people or 20.0% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 10 people or 20.0% are 70 to 79.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the SVP which received 45.1% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the FDP (28.9%), the SPS (21.8%) and the CVP (4.2%).
In Lohn about 82.4% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Lohn has an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were 23 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 7 businesses involved in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following graph:
Languages
Most of the population () speaks Rhaeto-Romance (52.0%) and the rest speak German (48.0%).
References
External links
Official Web site
Muntogna da Schons
Former municipalities of Graubünden
is a train station in Nichinan, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by of JR Kyushu and is on the Nichinan Line.
Lines
The station is served by the Nichinan Line and is located 56.1 km from the starting point of the line at .
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track at grade. There is no station building, only a simple weather shelter on the platform. The platform is located on the other side of the track from the access road. From the station entrance, a level crossing is used to cross the track to the platform. A bike shed has been set up at the station entrance.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese National Railways (JNR) opened the station on 15 January 1949 as an additional station on the existing track of its then Shibushi Line. On 8 May 1963, the route was redesignated the Nichinan Line. With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR Kyushu.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2016, the station was used by an average of 4 passengers (boarding only) per day.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Taninokuchi (JR Kyushu)
Railway stations in Miyazaki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1935
Marco Galli (5 March 1957 – 3 October 1988) was an Italian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of world champions in men's water polo
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1957 births
1988 deaths
Italian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Rome
The James L. Gordon Integrated School (Paaralang Integral ng James L. Gordon), commonly known as "James L.", "JLGIS", and "James Gordon", is a public integrated School located at Foster St., New Kababae, Olongapo City, Zambales, Philippines.
History
Founded in the year 1952, James L. Gordon Integrated School, formerly known as Kababae Elementary School, James L. Gordon Memorial School (Pang-alaalang Paaralan ng James L. Gordon), is a comprehensive government school located at Foster St., New Kababae, Olongapo City, Zambales province of the Philippines. In 2000, another establishment was built in JLGIS. Due to adding of secondary education in the said school, the schools division office decided to renamed James L. Gordon Memorial School to James L. Gordon Integrated School. The High School Department was named James L. Gordon Integrated School-Olongapo City National High School Annex; it was added for the expansion of secondary education in Olongapo City. The school was a legacy by Amelia Gordon.
The JLGIS Hymn
With voices proud and sweet, We all hail
J-L-G-I-S, in gratitude and joyous praise,
For JLGIS, beloved alma mater of our youthful days
My childhood's early dreams are closely linked with thee
Sweet are the days of childhood
With friends we love and care
Your banner waving to the sky in blue and white
Thru all years will loyal be
Chorus
Long live JLGIS
Beloved Alma Mater
Alma mater dear we pledge
To glorify your noble name
We march together hand in hand
We sing together at your call
We are proud thee JLGIS
Thy mission is to develop the youth
In wisdom and ideas for truth
To be trained for life
And find their place in the world
Where everyone is an achiever
REPEAT CHORUS
JLGIS Beloved
School of vision through the years
Do help us see the future
We all hail and we revere
Thy name forever
JLGIS ever faithful we all adore
Curriculum
K to 12 Basic Education Curriculum (K-12)
K+12 Education Cycle is a proposed program to overhaul the basic and secondary education curriculum. During the cycle, there will be four years of junior high school and two years of senior high school.
The following are the coordinators:
Maritess M. A Million (Grade 7)
Mrs./Mr. (Grade 8)
Mrs./Mr. (Grade 9)
Yvette H. Roque (Grade 10)
Open High School Program (OHSP)
|The Open High School Program aims to retain in school potential dropouts and encourage out-of-school youth of high school age (12-16) to return to school.
Coordinator:Proponent: Franklin P. Uy
Special Education Development (SPED)
The program provides activities for students who are visually impaired, hearing impaired, mentally retarded, autistic or orthopedically handicapped and fast learners.
Coordinator: Gamaliel R. Paz Jr.
BP-OSA
BP-OSA is a novel alternative learning system that provides out-of-school adult high school education through certification. This under the Continuing Education Program-Accreditation and Equivalency (A&E) System of Bureau of Alternative Learning System (BALS).
Coordinator: Franklin P. Uy
Student life
The learning environment of JLGIS are exposed to different extracurricular activities such as student organizations, school competition, training's and seminars, division activities.
Extracurricular activities
JLGIS actively participates annually to different contests like Schools Press Conferences, Science Fairs, Essay Writing Contest, Speech Choir Competitions, and other events sponsored by other schools, government agencies/units and non-government organizations.
Clubs and organization
Students can join the following organizations:
Supreme Student Government (SSG) - JLGIS HS Student Council
Supreme Pupil Government (SPG) - JLGIS ES Student Council
Youth for Environment in Schools - Organization (YES-O)
Performing Arts Club
Filipino Club
Mathematics Club
Science Club
TLE Club
Araling Panglipunan Club
M.A.P.E.H. Club
Values Education Club
Citizenship Advancement Training (C.A.T)
Boys Scout and Girls Scout Of The Philippines
Teachers
The following are the incumbent department heads of the James L. Gordon Integrated School - High School Department:
References
Schools in Olongapo
Educational institutions established in 1952
High schools in Zambales
1952 establishments in the Philippines
Mademoiselle Modiste is a 1926 silent romance produced by and starring Corinne Griffith and distributed by First National Pictures. Robert Z. Leonard directed Griffith in a story based on a popular 1905 Victor Herbert operetta on Broadway, Mlle. Modiste, with a libretto by Henry Martyn Blossom, which was similar to the MGM film The Merry Widow. It is now considered a lost film.
The story was refilmed in 1931 as the talkie Kiss Me Again.
Cast
Corinne Griffith as Fifi
Norman Kerry as Etienne
Willard Louis as Hiram Bent
Dorothy Cumming as Marianne
Rose Dione as Madame Claire
Peggy Blake (Undetermined Role)
References
External links
Lobby poster
1926 films
American silent feature films
Films directed by Robert Z. Leonard
Lost American films
First National Pictures films
Films based on operettas
American films based on plays
Films based on adaptations
1920s romance films
American black-and-white films
American romance films
1920s American films
Edward Sydney Schwartz C.M. (born December 22, 1949) is a Canadian musician who had moderate success as a recording artist in the early 1980s before becoming a successful songwriter and record producer in the late 1980s and the 1990s. Songs they have written or co-written include the top-10 Billboard hits "Hit Me With Your Best Shot" (Pat Benatar, 1980), "Don't Shed a Tear" (Paul Carrack, 1987) and "The Doctor" (The Doobie Brothers, 1989).
Career
Schwartz was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and graduated from Toronto's York University in 1976 as a music and English major. They began their musical career soon after playing guitar for Charity Brown's backing band and signed with Infinity Records for a solo contract in 1979. Their self-titled debut album, Schwartz, followed in 1980, with A&M Records, as Infinity had gone bankrupt by then, and spawned their first Canadian hit, "Does a Fool Ever Learn".
Their next album, No Refuge, came out in 1981, and did well in Canada, as well as the US, placing in the Billboard 200 and spawning a U.S. and Canadian hit single, "All Our Tomorrows," (#28 in the U.S. Billboard Hot 100; #40 Adult Contemporary; Canada #32, Adult Contemporary #23). A follow-up track from this album, "Over the Line" also crept into the Hot 100, peaking at #91. This single would be their last one to crack the U.S. charts to date. At least half of the songs on the No Refuge album have since been covered by other mainstream artists ("Good With Your Love," by Mickey Thomas on their 1981 Alive Alone album; "Tonight," by Amii Stewart on their 1982 I'm Gonna Get Your Love album; "Heart on Fire" by Honeymoon Suite on their 1984 self-titled debut album; and "All Our Tomorrows," by Joe Cocker on their 1987 Unchain My Heart album).
Schwartz's third and last album for a major record label, Public Life, came out two years later and featured another Canadian hit with "Strike." Also included on this album was the original recording of their composition, "Special Girl," which was a minor hit for them and became a bigger hit for the band, America.
Although their earliest hit as a songwriter for other artists was Pat Benatar's 1980 single "Hit Me with Your Best Shot", Schwartz didn't focus significantly on producing and songwriting until the late 1980s. Since then they have produced artists of various genres including The Doobie Brothers, Paul Carrack, Rita Coolidge, Donna Summer, and Lawrence Gowan, and penned hits for Paul Carrack ("Don't Shed a Tear", "I Live By the Groove"), The Doobie Brothers ("The Doctor"), and Donna Summer ("Fascination"). Additionally, many songs they themselves originally recorded/performed have been covered by other artists to great success. Examples include: "All Our Tomorrows" (recorded by Joe Cocker), "Does a Fool Ever Learn" (recorded by Helix), and "Special Girl" (covered by both America & Meat Loaf).
They have won multiple BMI, Juno, and SOCAN awards. In 1995 they released an album, Tour de Schwartz, only in Canada, to generally good reviews.
Schwartz was appointed a Member of the Order of Canada in 2012.
Schwartz has also been active as President of the Board of SOCAN, President and President Emeritus of the Songwriters Association of Canada. In November 2017, they were elected the first North American President of the International Council of Music Creators (CIAM) at the Council's 50th year at the CIAM Annual Congress in Tokyo.
Solo discography
Albums
Schwartz (1980)
No Refuge (1981)
Public Life (1984)
Tour de Schwartz (1995)
Singles
References
External links
CanConRocks Page- Biography and Discography
Members of the Order of Canada
1949 births
Living people
York University alumni
Canadian male singers
Canadian singer-songwriters
Juno Award for Songwriter of the Year winners
Musicians from Toronto
Canadian guitarists
Jewish Canadian musicians
Juno Award for Breakthrough Artist of the Year winners
Canadian male guitarists
Canadian male singer-songwriters
The men's singles event at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held from 26 to 30 June at the Tarragona Tennis Club.
Lamine Ouahab of Morocco won the gold medal, defeating Lucas Catarina of Monaco in the final, 6–2, 6–3.
Jacopo Berrettini of Italy won the bronze medal, defeating Amine Ahouda of Morocco in the bronze medal match, 6–0, 3–0 ret.
Medalists
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Draw
Tennis at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
The Schottky diode (named after the German physicist Walter H. Schottky), also known as Schottky barrier diode or hot-carrier diode, is a semiconductor diode formed by the junction of a semiconductor with a metal. It has a low forward voltage drop and a very fast switching action. The cat's-whisker detectors used in the early days of wireless and metal rectifiers used in early power applications can be considered primitive Schottky diodes.
When sufficient forward voltage is applied, a current flows in the forward direction. A silicon p–n diode has a typical forward voltage of 600–700 mV, while the Schottky's forward voltage is 150–450 mV. This lower forward voltage requirement allows higher switching speeds and better system efficiency.
History
Walter H. Schottky (1886–1976) in 1914, discovered an irregularity in the emission of thermions in a vacuum tube, now known as the Schottky effect..
Construction
A metal–semiconductor junction is formed between a metal and a semiconductor, creating a Schottky barrier (instead of a semiconductor–semiconductor junction as in conventional diodes). Typical metals used are molybdenum, platinum, chromium or tungsten, and certain silicides (e.g., palladium silicide and platinum silicide), whereas the semiconductor would typically be n-type silicon. The metal side acts as the anode, and n-type semiconductor acts as the cathode of the diode; meaning conventional current can flow from the metal side to the semiconductor side, but not in the opposite direction. This Schottky barrier results in both very fast switching and low forward voltage drop.
The choice of the combination of the metal and semiconductor determines the forward voltage of the diode. Both n- and p-type semiconductors can develop Schottky barriers. However, the p-type typically has a much lower forward voltage. As the reverse leakage current increases dramatically with lowering the forward voltage, it cannot be too low, so the usually employed range is about 0.5–0.7 V, and p-type semiconductors are employed only rarely. Titanium silicide and other refractory silicides, which are able to withstand the temperatures needed for source/drain annealing in CMOS processes, usually have to low a forward voltage to be useful, so processes using these silicides therefore usually do not offer Schottky diodes.
With increased doping of the semiconductor, the width of the depletion region drops. Below a certain width, the charge carriers can tunnel through the depletion region. At very high doping levels, the junction does not behave as a rectifier any more and becomes an ohmic contact. This can be used for the simultaneous formation of ohmic contacts and diodes, as a diode will form between the silicide and lightly doped n-type region, and an ohmic contact will form between the silicide and the heavily doped n- or p-type region. Lightly doped p-type regions pose a problem, as the resulting contact has too high a resistance for a good ohmic contact, but too low a forward voltage and too high a reverse leakage to make a good diode.
As the edges of the Schottky contact are fairly sharp, a high electric field gradient occurs around them, which limits how large the reverse breakdown voltage threshold can be. Various strategies are used, from guard rings to overlaps of metallization to spread out the field gradient. The guard rings consume valuable die area and are used primarily for larger higher-voltage diodes, while overlapping metallization is employed primarily with smaller low-voltage diodes.
Schottky diodes are often used as antisaturation clamps in Schottky transistors. Schottky diodes made from palladium silicide (PdSi) are excellent due to their lower forward voltage (which has to be lower than the forward voltage of the base-collector junction). The Schottky temperature coefficient is lower than the coefficient of the B–C junction, which limits the use of PdSi at higher temperatures.
For power Schottky diodes, the parasitic resistances of the buried n+ layer and the epitaxial n-type layer become important. The resistance of the epitaxial layer is more important than it is for a transistor, as the current must cross its entire thickness. However, it serves as a distributed ballasting resistor over the entire area of the junction and, under usual conditions, prevents localized thermal runaway.
In comparison with the power p–n diodes, the Schottky diodes are less rugged. The junction is in direct contact with the thermally sensitive metallization; a Schottky diode can therefore dissipate less power than an equivalent-size p–n counterpart with a deep-buried junction before failing (especially during reverse breakdown). The relative advantage of the lower forward voltage of Schottky diodes is diminished at higher forward currents, where the voltage drop is dominated by the series resistance.
Reverse recovery time
The most important difference between the p–n diode and the Schottky diode is the reverse recovery time (trr) when the diode switches from the conducting to the non-conducting state. In a p–n diode, the reverse recovery time can be in the order of several microseconds to less than 100 ns for fast diodes, and it is mainly limited by the diffusion capacitance caused by minority carriers accumulated in the diffusion region during the conducting state. Schottky diodes are significantly faster since they are unipolar devices and their speed is only limited by the junction capacitance. The switching time is ~100 ps for the small-signal diodes, and up to tens of nanoseconds for special high-capacity power diodes. With p–n-junction switching, there is also a reverse recovery current, which in high-power semiconductors brings increased EMI noise. With Schottky diodes, switching is essentially "instantaneous" with only a slight capacitive loading, which is much less of a concern.
This "instantaneous" switching is not always the case. In higher voltage Schottky devices, in particular, the guard ring structure needed to control breakdown field geometry creates a parasitic p–n diode with the usual recovery time attributes. As long as this guard ring diode is not forward biased, it adds only capacitance. If the Schottky junction is driven hard enough however, the forward voltage eventually will bias both diodes forward and actual trr will be greatly impacted.
It is often said that the Schottky diode is a "majority carrier" semiconductor device. This means that if the semiconductor body is a doped n-type, only the n-type carriers (mobile electrons) play a significant role in the normal operation of the device. The majority carriers are quickly injected into the conduction band of the metal contact on the other side of the diode to become free moving electrons. Therefore, no slow random recombination of n and p-type carriers is involved, so that this diode can cease conduction faster than an ordinary p–n rectifier diode. This property, in turn, allows a smaller device area, which also makes for a faster transition. This is another reason why Schottky diodes are useful in switch-mode power converters: the high speed of the diode means that the circuit can operate at frequencies in the range 200 kHz to 2 MHz, allowing the use of small inductors and capacitors with greater efficiency than would be possible with other diode types. Small-area Schottky diodes are the heart of RF detectors and mixers, which often operate at frequencies up to 50 GHz.
Limitations
The most evident limitations of Schottky diodes are their relatively low reverse voltage ratings, and their relatively high reverse leakage current. For silicon-metal Schottky diodes, the reverse voltage is typically 50 V or less. Some higher-voltage designs are available (200 V is considered a high reverse voltage).
Reverse leakage current, since it increases with temperature, leads to a thermal instability issue. This often limits the useful reverse voltage to well below the actual rating.
While higher reverse voltages are achievable, they would present a higher forward voltage, comparable to other types of standard diodes. Such Schottky diodes would have no advantage unless great switching speed is required.
Silicon carbide Schottky diode
Schottky diodes constructed from silicon carbide have a much lower reverse leakage current than silicon Schottky diodes, as well as higher forward voltage (about 1.4–1.8 V at 25 °C) and reverse voltage. they were available from manufacturers in variants up to 1700 V of reverse voltage.
Silicon carbide has a high thermal conductivity, and temperature has little influence on its switching and thermal characteristics. With special packaging, silicon carbide Schottky diodes can operate at junction temperatures of over 500 K (about 200 °C), which allows passive radiative cooling in aerospace applications.
Applications
Voltage clamping
While standard silicon diodes have a forward voltage drop of about 0.7 V and germanium diodes 0.3 V, Schottky diodes' voltage drop at forward biases of around 1 mA is in the range of 0.15 V to 0.46 V (see the 1N5817 and 1N5711), which makes them useful in voltage clamping applications and prevention of transistor saturation. This is due to the higher current density in the Schottky diode.
Reverse current and discharge protection
Because of a Schottky diode's low forward voltage drop, less energy is wasted as heat, making them the most efficient choice for applications sensitive to efficiency. For instance, they are used in stand-alone ("off-grid") photovoltaic (PV) systems to prevent batteries from discharging through the solar panels at night, called "blocking diodes". They are also used in grid-connected systems with multiple strings connected in parallel, in order to prevent reverse current flowing from adjacent strings through shaded strings if the "bypass diodes" have failed.
Switched-mode power supplies
Schottky diodes are also used as rectifiers in switched-mode power supplies. The low forward voltage and fast recovery time leads to increased efficiency.
They can also be used in power supply "OR"ing circuits in products that have both an internal battery and a mains adapter input, or similar. However, the high reverse leakage current presents a problem in this case, as any high-impedance voltage sensing circuit (e.g., monitoring the battery voltage or detecting whether a mains adapter is present) will see the voltage from the other power source through the diode leakage.
Sample-and-hold circuits
Schottky diodes can be used in diode-bridge based sample and hold circuits. When compared to regular p–n junction based diode bridges, Schottky diodes can offer advantages. A forward-biased Schottky diode does not have any minority carrier charge storage. This allows them to switch more quickly than regular diodes, resulting in lower transition time from the sample to the hold step.
The absence of minority carrier charge storage also results in a lower hold step or sampling error, resulting in a more accurate sample at the output.
Charge control
Due to its efficient electric field control, Schottky diodes can be used to accurately load or unload single electrons in semiconductor nanostructures such as quantum wells or quantum dots.
Designation
Commonly encountered schottky diodes include the 1N58xx series rectifiers, such as the 1N581x (1 A) and 1N582x (3 A) through-hole parts, and the SS1x (1 A) and SS3x (3 A) surface-mount parts. Schottky rectifiers are available in numerous surface-mount package styles.
Small-signal schottky diodes such as the 1N5711, 1N6263, 1SS106, 1SS108, and the BAT41–43, 45–49 series are widely used in high-frequency applications as detectors, mixers and nonlinear elements, and have superseded germanium diodes. They are also suitable for electrostatic discharge (ESD) protection of sensitive devices such as III-V-semiconductor devices, laser diodes and, to a lesser extent, exposed lines of CMOS circuitry.
Schottky metal–semiconductor junctions are featured in the successors to the 7400 TTL family of logic devices, the 74S, 74LS and 74ALS series, where they are employed as Baker clamps in parallel with the collector-base junctions of the bipolar transistors to prevent their saturation, thereby greatly reducing their turn-off delays.
Alternatives
When less power dissipation is desired, a MOSFET and a control circuit can be used instead, in an operation mode known as active rectification.
A super diode consisting of a pn-diode or Schottky diode and an operational amplifier provides an almost perfect diode characteristic due to the effect of negative feedback, although its use is restricted to frequencies the operational amplifier used can handle.
Electrowetting
Electrowetting can be observed when a Schottky diode is formed using a droplet of liquid metal, e.g. mercury, in contact with a semiconductor, e.g. silicon. Depending on the doping type and density in the semiconductor, the droplet spreading depends on the magnitude and sign of the voltage applied to the mercury droplet. This effect has been termed ‘Schottky electrowetting'.
See also
Schottky barrier
Schottky effect (Schottky emission)
Heterostructure barrier varactor diode
Active rectification
Baker clamp and Schottky transistor
1N58xx Schottky diodes
Electrowetting
References
External links
"Characteristics of Schottky Diodes" – PowerGuru
"Introduction to Schottky Rectifiers"
"Is the lowest forward voltage drop of real schottky diodes always the best choice?" Technical application, IXYS Corporation.
"Schottky diode" in Electronics Notes
Diodes
