Walter Edwards (26 June 1924 – 5 November 2018) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Leeds United and Mansfield Town.
References
1924 births
2018 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Leeds United F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Boston United F.C. players
Žermēna Heine-Vāgnere (23 June 1923 – 7 December 2017) was a Soviet and Latvian operatic soprano.
They were born on 23 June 1923 in Riga, to singer Erna Heine. An uncle, Alberts Verners, was a leading baritone for the Latvian National Opera in the 1930s for which Heine-Vāgnere also performed. They studied under singers Hertas Lūses and Marijas Bolotovas.
Heine-Vāgnere began their career in 1950 and appeared in Macbeth as Lady Macbeth, Cavalleria rusticana as Santuzza, Otello as Desdemona, Eugene Onegin as Tatyana, Der Ring des Nibelungen as Brünnhilde and Lohengrin as Ortrud. Other performances included roles in Alfrēds Kalniņš's Banuta, Salome, and Turandot. They retired in November 1975, having sung in 39 distinct roles.
Heine-Vāgnere was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1969 and also received the Order of the Three Stars, third class. They were married to architect Nikolajs Vāgners and died on 7 December 2017, aged 94.
References
External links
1923 births
2017 deaths
Musicians from Riga
Soviet women opera singers
20th-century Latvian women opera singers
Soviet sopranos
People's Artists of the USSR
People's Artists of the Latvian Soviet Socialist Republic
Recipients of the Order of the Red Banner of Labour
Bastos racing team was a Belgian WRC team from 2001 until 2002 and in 2003 went to ERC. Notable drivers of the team were Bruno Thiry and Kris Princen.
References
World Rally Championship teams
Belgian auto racing teams
Auto racing teams established in 2001
European Rally Championship teams
Utricularia subulata, the zigzag bladderwort, is a small annual, terrestrial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia (family Lentibulariaceae). It is the most widely distributed species in the genus, being almost pantropical.
See also
List of Utricularia species
References
External links
Utricularia subulata in Brunken, U., Schmidt, M., Dressler, S., Janssen, T., Thiombiano, A. & Zizka, G. 2008. West African plants - A Photo Guide. www.westafricanplants.senckenberg.de.
Carnivorous plants of Africa
Carnivorous plants of Asia
Carnivorous plants of Central America
Carnivorous plants of Europe
Carnivorous plants of North America
Carnivorous plants of South America
subulata
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Al-Wahda Sports Club () is an Omani sports club based in Sur, Oman. The club is currently playing in the First Division League of Oman Football Association. Their home ground is Sur Sports Complex. The stadium is government owned, but they also own their own personal stadium and sports equipment, as well as their own training facilities.
Being a multisport club
Although being mainly known for their football, Al-Wahda SC like many other clubs in Oman, have not only football in their list, but also hockey, volleyball, handball, basketball, badminton and squash. They also have a youth football team competing in the Omani Youth league.
References
External links
Al-Wahda SC Profile at Soccerway.com
Al-Wahda SC Profile at Futbol24.com
Al-Wahda SC Profile at Goalzz.com
Football clubs in Oman
Omani League
Sur, Oman
Association football clubs established in 1970
1970 establishments in Oman
Jorella Marie "Ella" de Jesus (born August 17, 1993) is a Filipino volleyball player. They were a member of the Ateneo de Manila University's collegiate varsity team from 2011-2015, and also of the 2015 Philippines U23 national team. They played for PLDT Home Ultera Fast Hitters as a Libero for the 2015 season.
Personal life
De Jesus was born on August 17, 1993 in Manila, Philippines. They studied at the Ateneo de Manila University in college and finished with an AB Psychology degree.
Career
Ella was a former Best Spiker and Best Blocker on their high school years. After graduating from high school, they studied at Ateneo de Manila University and was a varsity player of the women's volleyball team alongside the "Fab five". After the Fab five's departure, they won their first and second championship in the UAAP (Season 76 & 77).
De Jesus played with the Philippines U-23 national team in 2015. They also played for the PLDT Home Ultera Fast Hitters as a Libero during the 2015 Shakey's V-League reinforced conference.
Clubs
PLDT Home Ultera Fast Hitters (2015)
BaliPure The Purest Water Defenders (2016)
Perlas Spikers (2017 - 2019)
Creamline Cool Smashers (2020 - Present)
Awards
Collegiate
2011 Shakey's V-League Season 8: 1st Conference - Champions, with Ateneo De Manila University Lady Eagles
2011 Shakey's V-League Season 8: Open Conference - Bronze medal, with Ateneo De Manila University Lady Eagles
2012 UAAP Season 74 volleyball tournaments - Silver medal, with Ateneo De Manila University Lady Eagles
2012 Shakey's V-League Season 9: 1st Conference - Champions, with Ateneo De Manila University Lady Eagles
2013 UAAP Season 75 volleyball tournaments - Silver medal, with Ateneo De Manila University Lady Eagles
2014 UAAP Season 76 volleyball tournaments - Champions, with Ateneo De Manila University Lady Eagles
2014 ASEAN University Games - Bronze medal, with Ateneo De Manila University Lady Eagles
2015 UAAP Season 77 volleyball tournaments - Champions, with Ateneo De Manila University Lady Eagles
2015 Shakey's V-League Season 12: Collegiate Conference - Silver medal, with Ateneo De Manila University Lady Eagles
Club Team
2015 Shakey's V-League 12th Season Open Conference - Champions, with PLDT Home Ultera Ultra Fast Hitters
2015 Shakey's V-League 12th Season Reinforced Open Conference - Champions, with PLDT Home Ultera Ultra Fast Hitters
2016 Shakey's V-League 13th Season Open Conference - Bronze medal, with BaliPure The Purest Water Defenders
2018 Premier Volleyball League Reinforced Conference - Bronze medal, with Perlas Spikers
2018 Premier Volleyball League Open Conference - Bronze medal, with Perlas Spikers
2019 Premier Volleyball League Open Conference - Bronze medal, with Perlas Spikers
2021 Premier Volleyball League Open Conference – runner-Up, with Creamline Cool Smashers
2022 Premier Volleyball League Open Conference – Champion, with Creamline Cool Smashers
2022 Premier Volleyball League Invitational Conference – Champion, with Creamline Cool Smashers
References
1993 births
Living people
Ateneo de Manila University alumni
Sportspeople from Manila
Volleyball players from Metro Manila
University Athletic Association of the Philippines volleyball players
Liberos
Outside hitters
Philippines women's international volleyball players
Filipino women's volleyball players
Robert Ferris Prince (July 1, 1916 – June 10, 1985) was an American radio and television sportscaster and commentator, best known for their 28-year stint as the voice of the Pittsburgh Pirates Major League Baseball club, with whom they earned the nickname "The Gunner" and became a cultural icon in Pittsburgh.
Prince was one of the most distinct and popular voices in sports broadcast history, known for their gravel voice, unabashed style and clever nicknames and phrases, which came to be known as "Gunnerisms." Their unique manner influenced a number of broadcasters after him, including Pittsburgh Penguins voice Mike Lange and Pittsburgh Steelers color analyst Myron Cope.
Prince called Pirates games from 1948 to 1975, including the World Series championship years of 1960 and 1971. Nationally, they broadcast the 1960, 1966, and 1971 World Series and the 1965 All-Star Game for NBC, as well as the first year (1976) of ABC's Monday Night Baseball. They also broadcast at different times for other Pittsburgh-area sports teams, including Steelers football and Penguins hockey.
Early life and career
Born in Los Angeles, California, Prince's father was a former West Point football player and a career military man. An Army brat, they attended many schools before graduating from Schenley High School in Pittsburgh. An athlete himself, they lettered in swimming at the University of Pittsburgh. Prince worked for radio station WJAS, then landed a sports show on KDKA-TV. Prince joined Rosey Rowswell in the Pirates' broadcast booth as a commentator in , and they were promoted to the top spot shortly after Rowswell's death in February 1955. They also broadcast Pittsburgh Steelers and Penn State football and once a Duquesne basketball game in the 1950s.
As a result of their distinct voice, knowledge of baseball, and high-profile persona, Prince was very popular among Pirates supporters. Prince was a fixture on team broadcasts for three decades on KDKA-AM, a clear channel radio station that could be heard throughout the eastern United States after sundown.
A regular smoker and social drinker, the fun-loving Prince jumped from the third floor of the Chase Hotel in St. Louis into a swimming pool in 1957, on a dare by Pirates third baseman Gene Freese.
The Possum and The Gunner
Many veteran observers believe Prince did their best work while paired with longtime sidekick Jim "The Possum" Woods and vice versa from 1958 through 1969, which coincided with the rise of the Pirates as a championship-caliber team. Indeed, it was roughly halfway through Woods's debut season when Prince—inspired by Pittsburgh's dramatically improved showing after nearly a decade mired deep in the National League's second division—first dubbed Forbes Field "The House of Thrills." It was Woods who first referred to Prince as "The Gunner." Some say this was because of their staccato, rapid-fire style, others claim it was the result of an incident with a jealous, gun-toting husband. Woods allegedly recounted to an interviewer in Cleveland that two decades ago, during Woods' first spring-training with the Pirates in Fort Myers, Florida (1958), Prince had had a narrow escape from an encounter with a jealous husband who was packing a gun.
To be sure, no one bled black and gold like Prince did before or since. Invariably, when their Buccos were trailing in the late innings by two runs, he'd say, "We need a bloop and a blast!" If calling for three runs, they would say, "We need a bleeder, a bloop and a blast!" Their partisanship slipped over into Woods' style as well, and by the mid-'60s, The Possum would be announcing the presence of pinch-hitter (and reserve catcher) Jesse Gonder with, "Let's go up yonder with Jesse Gonder." (The two would continue working together through the season, after which the flagship station KDKA refused to match a higher salary offer from KMOX in St. Louis for Woods to join Jack Buck in the Cardinals' booth; that partnership only lasted two seasons.) Prince was more of a rooter than a homer, in that they always showed respect to opponents and the game alike. Like the vast majority of broadcasters of their time, they rarely second-guessed players or managers. They were especially close friends with Milwaukee Braves pitchers Warren Spahn and Lew Burdette.
Prince would reunite with Woods on two separate occasions for the USA Network. The first was on July 26, 1979 for a game between the Pirates and Cincinnati Reds in Pittsburgh. The second occasion was on August 28, 1980 for another Pirates game in Pittsburgh against the Reds.
"The Green Weenie"
In 1966, Prince popularized a good-luck charm known as the Green Weenie, a plastic rattle in the shape of an oversized green pickle that Pirates fans used to jinx opponents. "Never underestimate the power of the Green Weenie," they liked to assure listeners. At the height of the term's popularity in 1966, Prince often punctuated the last out of a Bucs' victory by exclaiming, "The Great Green Weenie has done it again!" The pin's shape and color is derived from the pickle-shaped pins distributed to schoolchildren when they toured the H. J. Heinz Company factory in Pittsburgh.
By late season, with the Pirates in a terrific pennant race with the Dodgers and Giants, some fans would parade a giant replica of the Green Weenie through the grandstand as a rally symbol. The hex symbol had started in the dugout with trainer Danny Whelan. Prince picked up on it and began talking about it on the broadcasts. No one thought to trademark the Green Weenie, so tens of thousands were sold in 1966, but Prince, Whelan, and the Pirates didn't profit from it.
Pittsburgh finished in third place at , three games behind the league champion Dodgers; the Pirates lost their final three games, swept at home by the Giants.
Later career
Controversial departure from the Pirates
Soon after control of the broadcasts changed from Atlantic Richfield to Westinghouse Broadcasting in 1969, Prince had personal conflicts with Westinghouse management. Pirates management often interceded to quell tensions between Prince and KDKA executives. Finally, in 1975, inexplicably, Prince and sidekick Nellie King were fired, a decision that Pirates management did not try to reverse. Pirates fans were shocked by the news. Egged on by competing radio station WEEP, hundreds of supporters held a parade and downtown rally. Several Pirates players also went to bat for him, but rehiring Prince was never a consideration. KDKA hired Milo Hamilton in December and distributed press kits at a news conference that had a cover sticker proclaiming, "The New Voice of the Pirates." Hamilton was never popular with fans and while professional, never could compare with Prince's charisma.
After their time with the Pirates, Prince had stints calling Houston Astros baseball, Pittsburgh Penguins hockey, and ABC's Monday Night Baseball. They were frustrated that ABC wouldn't let them employ their usual style, and was removed from the primary Monday night broadcast team during their first season () before being dropped altogether after the season. They also are released by the Astros after a one-year stay; they later said that Houston didn't agree with him. Their work with the Penguins was a cause of consternation for hockey fans because they didn't understand the game and didn't know the Penguins' personnel. Eventually they were taken off play-by-play and re-cast as an intermission interviewer. Eventually, they returned to Pirate baseball, thrilling their loyal fans, in 1982, calling a limited number of Pirates games for a cable station.
May 3, 1985
Three years after their return, KDKA and the Pirates decided to make Prince a member of the regular radio broadcast team in 1985. Broadcaster Lanny Frattare suggested that KDKA should launch a campaign to have Prince recognized with the Hall of Fame's Ford Frick Award. At about the same time, independently, station executives Rick Starr and Chris Cross decided Prince should have a role on the radio broadcasts. The announcement came days after they had been released from a hospital for cancer treatments. Prince returned to the Pirates broadcast booth on May 3 to announce the middle three innings of the game between the Pirates and the Los Angeles Dodgers. Weakened from mouth cancer, Prince was able to announce only two innings but was given three standing ovations. The Pirates scored nine runs in the fourth, the first inning that Prince announced, one for each year of their absence from the booth. In the next inning Prince called for first baseman Jason Thompson to park one "so we'll have a little bit of everything," and Thompson homered; the Pirates won 16–2 to improve to .
The 1985 team finished last in the majors at . Willie Stargell had retired three years earlier, and most of the 1979 championship team had disbanded. The fourth inning broadcast announced by Prince on May 3 was the fifth-most runs scored in any one inning (9) in Pirates franchise history. A commentator on KDKA-TV (Channel 2) referred to it on the 6 p.m. news as the "last revival of the Green Weenie," Prince's good luck charm from 1966. Prince announced a few following homestands. Weeks later, they reported to the park for another game, but their illness forced them to go home after waiting through a long rain delay. Prince was unable to report for work again and was re-admitted to the hospital, where they died at age 68 on June 10. Their brief funeral service on June 16 was attended by seven hundreds.
Honors and awards
Prince was posthumously awarded the Ford C. Frick Award by the Baseball Hall of Fame as a broadcaster in . They also are a 1986 inductee in the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association Hall of Fame.
Even today, their name remains synonymous with Pirates baseball including the naming of the new "Gunner's Lounge" at PNC Park in 2012. In 1999, Prince was selected for the Pride of the Pirates award, a lifetime achievement honor given annually to a member of the organization.
References
Further reading
O'Brien, Jim. (1998). We Had 'Em All the Way: Bob Prince and Their Pittsburgh Pirates. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania: James P. O'Brien Publishing. .
External links
Bob Prince Ford C. Frick Award biography at the National Baseball Hall of Fame
1916 births
1985 deaths
Deaths from cancer in Pennsylvania
College basketball announcers in the United States
Deaths from oral cancer
Ford C. Frick Award recipients
Houston Astros announcers
Major League Baseball broadcasters
National Football League announcers
National Hockey League broadcasters
Radio personalities from Los Angeles
Penn State Nittany Lions football announcers
Pittsburgh Panthers men's swimmers
Pittsburgh Penguins announcers
Pittsburgh Pirates announcers
Pittsburgh Steelers announcers
Radio personalities from Pittsburgh
Schenley High School alumni
Neta is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2017 people living in 395 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Madeline Merlo (born February 9, 1994) is a Canadian country pop singer-songwriter. They signed to Open Road Recordings in 2013 and released their debut album, Free Soul, three years later. In 2015, Merlo received the "Rising Star" award from the Canadian Country Music Association. In 2021, they signed with the Nashville-based BBR Music Group, joining their imprint Wheelhouse Records.
Early life
Merlo grew up in Maple Ridge, British Columbia. Them father was a funk musician, and the house was often filled with music. They had a desire to be a performer since the first time they sang in front of a crowd of people. In public school, they took part in their school talent show. They sang "Somewhere Over the Rainbow" and after that performance they decided that they wanted to be a singer.
Throughout high school, Merlo played in a band and together they began gigging around. They also continued to hone their vocal skills by performing in musical theatre productions and taking every opportunity they could to further their skills as a performer.
Merlo credits seeing Shania Twain at the first concert they ever attended to be the reason they pursued the genre of country music. Seeing a successful Canadian woman from a small town gave Merlo the confidence to pursue their career.
Career
Music career
2011-2017: Early career and Free Soul
At the age of 17, Before being signed, Merlo wrote songs and recorded music with BC-based writer and producer Dan Swinimer. Swinimer signed them to their production company "Manicdown Productions", and they worked together for nearly two years.
In 2012, Swinimer invited RGK Entertainment's Ron Kitchener to Vancouver to see Merlo perform at the Railway Club. After this performance, Merlo would officially sign with RGK Entertainment and Open Road Recordings in 2013. A year later in February 2014, they released their debut single, "Sinking Like a Stone" which was produced and co-written by Swinimer. It charted for twenty weeks on the Billboard Canada Country chart, peaking at number 32.
They released a self-titled extended play via Open Road Recordings on July 22, 2014. Them single "Honey Jack" became a hit in Canada, landing them the opening slot on The Road Trip Tour alongside Dean Brody and Paul Brandt.
In 2015, Merlo won the CCMA Rising Star Award, and the BCCMA Female Artist of the Year. After those big wins, Madeline released a series of singles including "War Paint", "Over and Over", and "Whatcha Wanna Do About It" which entered into the top 10 at Canadian Country Radio. Them debut album Free Soul was released in 2016.
Them single "War Paint" from Free Soul garnered fan support on social media, and was the No. 1 Most Added country song in Canada in its debut week. It was written in response to the loss of one of their friends to mental illness. They dedicated the song to all those who suffer alone, hoping it might bring them hope, and a will to battle and survive.
In 2017, "Motel Flamingo" was their 4th song to land in the Top 15 at Canadian Country Radio. Them next single "Neon Love" in 2018 also managed to enter the Top 15 at Canadian country radio making it their 5th single to enter in the Top 15.
2020-present: Songland appearance, BBR Music Group, and Slide EP
On April 13, 2020, Madeline won the first episode of the second season of Songland with their song "Champagne Night" written for Lady Antebellum and produced by Shane McAnally. They then released their seventh and eighth Top 20 singles in Canada, "Kiss Kiss" and "It Didn't".
In 2021, Merlo signed their debut U.S. record deal with BBR Music Group in Nashville. They subsequently released the extended play Slide via their imprint Wheelhouse Records on September 23, 2022.
Acting career
In 2017, Merlo starred alongside Jana Kramer and Sophie Tweed-Simmons in the musical film, Country Crush, which saw them play the lead role of a young woman trying to make it as a country singer. They also did the singing voice of Sonata Dusk in My Little Pony: Equestria Girls – Rainbow Rocks.
Personal life
Merlo moved to Nashville, Tennessee in 2018.  They are engaged to Chase Fann, an attorney in Nashville.
Filmography
Discography
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
Christmas singles
Music videos
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Canadian women country singers
Living people
Musicians from British Columbia
Open Road Recordings artists
1994 births
Canadian Country Music Association Rising Star Award winners
Canadian country singer-songwriters
21st-century Canadian women singers
Bierens de Haan is a surname of Dutch origin. People with that name include:
David Bierens de Haan, a Dutch mathematician and historian (1822–1895)
Johannes Abraham Bierens de Haan, a Dutch biologist and ethologist (1883–1958)
See also
de Haan (disambiguation)
Varsan () may refer to:
Varsan, Golestan (ورسن)
Varsan, Markazi (ورسان - Varsān)
Bruce Weinstein is an American ethicist who writes about ethics, character, and leadership for Fortune. They also write for and sits on the editorial board of the Society of Corporate Compliance and Ethics. Much of Weinstein's work involves helping business leaders, members of professional trade associations, and students appreciate the role that ethics plays in everyday life. This work often takes the form of interactive keynote addresses to corporations, universities, and other organizations.
Early publications
Weinstein published their first book in 1985 at the age of 25 while a graduate student at Georgetown University. "Ethics in the Hospital Setting" contains the papers presented at the first state conference devoted to the issue of what was then called hospital ethics committees, which are now known as institutional ethics committees. Weinstein is credited as the editor of the volume. Portions of Weinstein's doctoral dissertation, "The Possibility of Ethical Expertise" (Georgetown University, 1989) were edited and published as the articles “What is an Expert?”[Theoretical Medicine and Bioethics (Vol. 14, No. 1), pp. 57–73] and “The Possibility of Ethical Expertise”[Theoretical Medicine and Bioethics (Vol. 15, No. 1), pp. 61–75.
Weinstein's second book as editor, "Dental Ethics", is a collection of articles co-authored by ethicists and dentists. Their third book as editor, "Ethical Issues in Pharmacy", contains essays co-authored by ethicists and pharmacists.
Later publications
After editing three books for health care professionals, Weinstein decided to write their own books and broaden the scope of their work to include businesspeople, general readers of adult non-fiction, and students. Their first book in this project was, "What Should I Do: 4 Simple Steps to Making Better Decisions in Everyday Life." They applied the four-step protocol used by institutional ethics committees to ethical issues that people outside of health care face. This protocol is:
Get the facts.
Identify the values at stake.
Find the options available to you.
Test the options and choose the best one, based steps 1 and 2.
The book was a Finalist for the Books for a Better Life Award.
Weinstein's next book was published in 2005 by Emmis Books, a division of Emmis Communications. "Life Principles: Feeling Good by Doing Good," was an application of Tom Beauchamp and James Childress's "Principles of Biomedical Ethics." The basis of the Beauchamp/Childress work is principlism, an ethical framework that uses principles as the foundation for ethical decision making. The four principles that form the core of the Beauchamp/Childress work are:
Respect for autonomy
Nonmaleficence
Beneficence (ethics)
Justice
Weinstein's work simplifies the principles, so that, for example, the principle of nonmaleficence becomes "do no harm", and the principle of beneficence becomes "make things better." Weinstein also applies the principles to areas beyond health care and biomedical research.
The follow-up to "Life Principles" was a book for 10-14-year-olds entitled, "Is It Still Cheating If I Don't Get Caught?" Published in 2009 by Roaring Brook Press (a division of Macmillan), The book is an application of "Life Principles" to the issues that young adults face with teachers, fellow students, parents, and friends. It received the strongest reviews in Weinstein's career up to that point.
In 2011, New World Library published Weinstein's "Ethical Intelligence: Five Principles for Untangling Your Toughest Problems at Work and Beyond." The book expanded much of the work Weinstein had done in their columns for Bloomberg Businessweek on such topics as the outsourcing of customer service, the ethics of taking vacations, and how to give and receive criticism. In 2012, ForeWord magazine selected "Ethical Intelligence" as a Silver Winner in its annual Book of the Year Awards in the self-help category.
Weinstein's letter to The New York Times calling for honesty in politics was chosen as the basis for its weekly Invitation to a Dialogue feature. The letter was originally published on July 7, 2012, after which readers were invited to submit responses. The letter was then republished on August 11, along with several reader responses and a rejoinder from Weinstein. The basis for the letter was Warren Beatty's 1998 film, Bulworth, a satire predicated on the idea that a politician telling the truth would be the stuff of comedy.
Books
As Editor
"Ethics in the Hospital Setting" (West Virginia University Press, 1985)
Dental Ethics (Lea & Febiger, 1993)
Ethical Issues in Pharmacy (Applied Therapeutics, 1998),
As Author
"What Should I Do? 4 Simple Steps to Making Better Decisions in Everyday Life" (Perigee/Penguin, 2000)
"Life Principles: Feeling Good by Doing Good" (Emmis Books, 2005)
"Is It Still Cheating If I Don't Get Caught?" (Roaring Brook, 2009)
"Ethical Intelligence: Five Principles for Solving Your Toughest Problems at Work and Beyond" (New World Library, 2011),
"The Good Ones: Ten Crucial Qualities of High-Character Employees" (New World Library, Oct 2015),
Media appearances as ethics analyst
Weinstein has offered ethical analyses on CNN's The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer (on such issues as the Harvard cheating scandal of 2012), Anderson Cooper 360 (debating with David Gergen about the ethics of publishing kiss-and-tell books in politics), and Issue #1 (an ethics quiz they developed); NBC's Today (the ethics of going to work sick); ABC's Good Morning America (the ethics of tipping and regifting); ABC News Now (ethical dilemmas in the workplace); WNBC's Today in New York (five principles for making ethical decisions); CNBC's "Surviving the Market" (scandals in business);, WNYC's Leonard Lopate Show (the ethics of apologies);, FOX News Channel's O'Reilly Factor (the ethics of producing and watching reality television shows); and other television and radio programs. Weinstein promotes themselves as "The Ethics Guy".
References
External links
Bruce Weinstein's official site: The Ethics Guy
Weinstein author page at Fortune online
Youtube channel
Living people
American business writers
American ethicists
Swarthmore College alumni
Philosophers from New Jersey
Year of birth missing (living people)
Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs
Thomas Bury (1655–1722) was an English judge. They took part in the decision regarding the 1704 Aylesbury election. King George I raised Bury to the position of Chief Baron of the Exchequer.
Early life and education
Bury was born in 1655, the youngest son of Sir William Bury, knight, of Linwood, Lincolnshire. In February 1667, Bury earned a bachelor's degree at Lincoln College, Oxford, and entered Gray's Inn as a student the following year.
Career
They were called to the bar in 1676, and after some years' practice became a serjeant-at-law in 1700. Later, on 26 January 1701, when Sir Littleton Powys was removed to the King's Bench, they were made a Baron of the Exchequer. Regarding this appointment, their epitaph says that they "by their Great Application to the Study of the Law, raised themselves to one of the highest Degrees in that Profession." Speaker Onslow, in their notes to Bishop Burnet's History, affirms 'that it appeared from Bury's book of accounts' that they gave Lord-keeper Wright a bribe of £1000 for elevating them to the bench. They were knighted the same year. For fifteen years they continued to discharge the duties of a puisne judge.
Aylesbury election
In 1704, when corrupt practices had extensively prevailed at the Aylesbury election, the Whigs, who were then defeated, knowing that proceeding by a petition to the House of Commons would be useless, caused actions to be brought in the Queen's Bench division by some of the electors against the returning officers. One of these actions, the leading case of Ashby v. White, after judgment for the defendants in the Queen's Bench, from which Lord Chief Justice Holt dissented, was taken to the House of Lords upon a writ of error, and the judges were summoned to advise the house. Of these judges Bury was one, and their opinion was given in support of that of the Lord Chief Justice in the court below; and Lord Somers being of the same opinion, the decision of the queen's bench was reversed by fifty to sixteen. On 20 and 22 April 1710 he, with Chief Justice Parker and Mr. Justice Tracy, at the Old Baile, tried one Damary for riot and being ringleader of a mob.
Robert Mann
There is a letter of their (25 June 1713) preserved among the treasury papers to the lord high treasurer, about offering a reward for the apprehension of one Robert Mann.
Later life
On the death of Sir Samuel Dodd, Bury was raised by King George I to be Chief Baron of the Exchequer 10 June 1716. They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1718.
They died on 4 May 1722, suddenly, having been engaged in the discharge of their judicial duties until within a few hours of their death. They were buried, with a handsome tomb, in the parish church of Grantham, Lincolnshire. They never married and left no issue, and their estates at Irby, near Wainfleet, passed to their grandnephew, William Bury, of Lyndwood Grange, Lincolnshire. There is a portrait of him, engraved in mezzotint by Smith, after a picture by J. Richardson dated 1720.
References
1655 births
1722 deaths
People from Lincoln, England
Alumni of Lincoln College, Oxford
Members of Gray's Inn
17th-century English lawyers
18th-century English judges
Fellows of the Royal Society
Serjeants-at-law (England)
Barons of the Exchequer
Marlene Kanga is an engineer, entrepreneur, and diversity activist, who was awarded Queens Birthday honours in 2022. They were awarded a member of the Order of Australia for their substantial service to Engineering, particularly as a global leader and role model to women to professional organisations, and to business.
Early life, education and career
Kanga obtained a Bachelor of Technology at the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. They were then awarded an Masters of Science in Chemical Engineering, at Imperial College London, and a PhD at Macquarie University.
Kanga was president of the World Federation of Engineering Organisations (WFEO), which represents 100 Engineering institutions and around 30 million engineers around the world. They were National President of WFEO from 2013 to 2014, and was also chair of the International Committee from 2014 to 2016.
Kanga was chair of the National Committee for Women in Engineering, Institution of Engineers India and Australian Institute for Company Directors. They were also Foreign Fellow of ASEAN academy of Engineering and Technology.
They run a company called iOmniscient Pty Ltd, with partners within India, working on Artificial Intelligence for video technology.
Publications
Kanga has published extensively on Engineering, and how to improve organisations by improving and retaining diverse staff, as well as leadership. Some of their select publications include:
2015 – Words have the power to lead and transform engineers. M Kanga – Engineers Australia: Civil Edition, 2015.
2013 – Laying the foundations for a contemporary organisation. M Kanga – Engineers Australia: Civil Edition, 2013.
2011 – Research organisations commit to improving retention of women. M Kanga – Engineers Australia: Civil Edition, 2011.
2010 – Increasing participation in leadership. M Kanga – Engineers Australia: Civil Edition, 2010.
Diversity and equity work
Kanga has published and given talks on how to improve diversity in engineering, and been an activist working towards improved equity in STEMM, as well as how to improve innovation. When describing their work, the first president of Engineers Australia, commented, "In what has been a very male dominated forum, Marlene's clarity of vision and purpose won through".Kanga was one of the only women engineer to receive an AO in 2022, with no other women engineers receiving an AO between 2017 and 2022. They say "This recognition is very important, especially as a role model for young people and women and girls, to consider engineering as a career that makes a positive difference for our world. It is also important for Australia to recognise the important contributions that overseas-born Australians can and are making". In commenting on ways that companies could promote engineering to women, they said:"It is difficult to promote engineering to women if they are not offered the change of sustainable, lifelong careers". "What companies need to do is bring women back after they start a family, giving them flexible working and job-sharing opportunities. They need to be supported".
Recognition and awards
2022 – Officer of the Order of Australia, Queen's Birthday Honours.
2019 – Chemeca Medal for Chemical Engineering in Australia or New Zealand.
2019 – Top 10 Women Engineers in Australia.
2018 – Engineers Australia Professional Engineer of the Year.
2014 – Fellow of the Australian Academy of Technology and Engineering.
2014 – Member of the Order of Australia.
2013 – Top 100 Engineers in Australia.
References
Living people
Australian women scientists
Australian chemical engineers
Officers of the Order of Australia
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Technological Sciences and Engineering
Alumni of Imperial College London
Macquarie University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1956 Washington Senators won 59 games, lost 95, and finished in seventh place in the American League. They were managed by Chuck Dressen and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Offseason
November 8, 1955: Mickey Vernon, Bob Porterfield, Johnny Schmitz, and Tom Umphlett were traded by the Senators to the Boston Red Sox for Karl Olson, Dick Brodowski, Tex Clevenger, Neil Chrisley, and Al Curtis (minors).
February 8, 1956: Mickey McDermott and Bobby Kline were traded by the Senators to the New York Yankees for Lou Berberet, Bob Wiesler, Herb Plews, Dick Tettelbach, and a player to be named later. The Yankees completed the deal by sending Whitey Herzog to the Senators on April 2.
Regular season
April 18, 1956: Umpire Ed Rommell was the first umpire to wear glasses in a major league game. The game was played between the Senators and the New York Yankees.
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Opening Day lineup
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CO-CHAMPIONS: Thibodaux
Notes
References
1956 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1956 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
1956 in sports in Washington, D.C.
Toronto Azzurri Blizzard was a Canadian women's semi-professional soccer club based in Toronto, Ontario that competed in the women's division League1 Ontario. The club was formed as a partnership between two local area clubs - Toronto Blizzard SC and Toronto Azzurri SC.
History
The club was founded in 2017 as a joint partnership between Toronto clubs Toronto Blizzard SC and Toronto Azzurri SC. The Toronto Blizzard SC was a re-formed club from the original club of the same name that played professionally in the NASL. They played their home matches at Azzurri Village in North York.
The club joined the women's division of League1 Ontario for the 2017 season. They played their first match against Sanjaxx Lions, losing 1–0. After a 2018 season in which they lost every game of the season, they left the league following the 2018 season.
Seasons
Women
Notable former players
The following players have either played at the professional or international level, either before or after playing for the League1 Ontario team:
References
Soccer clubs in Ontario
League1 Ontario teams
Toronto Blizzard
Association football clubs established in 2017
2017 establishments in Ontario
Women's soccer clubs in Canada
The Meca-Medina ruling, known officially as David Meca-Medina and Igor Majcen v Commission of the European Communities, was a landmark judgement in the European Court of Justice that established primacy of EU law over sports federations. The ruling concerned David Meca-Medina and Igor Majcen, long distance swimmers from Spain and Slovenia and their failed drugs test. The case was wide-reaching and important because it established the scope and nature that individual laws by sporting regulators, league operators and individual associations in Europe could impose their own rules and if they were in direct conflict with EU treaties, acquis or judgements by the European Courts of Justice.
Background
Walrave and Koch
Before 2006, sport in Europe had what was called a sporting exception because of the case of two Dutch cyclists in Walrave and Koch (Walrave and Koch v Association Union Cycliste Internationale) at the European Court of Justice in 1974 which was ruling whether organisations (such as the UCI in this case) could be held to the same discrimination rules as member states. It was clear from Treaty provisions 7 (the prohibition on nationality-based discrimination), 48 (presumption of free movement of (employed) workers) and 59 (presumption of free movement of (self-employed) workers) that no EEC member state could discriminate in this way but it was untested in European courts whether a regulatory or sanctioning organisation could be held to the same rules.
The European Courts of Justice stated that its rules for member states did not apply to an organisation that sanctioned and regulated a certain sport because the rules were essentially made for EU economic activity and as these were rules consisting of a purely sporting character, were not subject to Community law, even if they restrained the economic freedom of certain professional or semi-professional athletes.:
These Community provisions on freedom of movement for persons and freedom to provide services not only apply to the action of public authorities but extend also to rules of any other nature aimed at regulating gainful employment and the provision of services in a collective manner. However, the prohibitions enacted by these provisions of the Treaty do not affect rules concerning questions which are of purely sporting interest and, as such, have nothing to do with economic activity.
The general objective of anti-doping rules relating to sport is to combat doping in order for competitive sport to be conducted fairly and includes the need to safeguard equal chances for athletes, athletes' health, the integrity and objectivity of competitive sport and ethical values in sport. In addition, given that penalties are necessary to ensure enforcement of the doping ban, their effect on athletes' freedom of action must be considered to be, in principle, inherent itself in the anti-doping rules.
Since, moreover, working conditions in the various Member States are governed by means of provisions laid down in law or regulations and sometimes by agreements and other acts concluded by private persons, to limit the prohibitions in question to acts of a public authority would risk creating inequality in their application.
This ruling states that European law only applies to "economic activities" within the overall meaning of Article 2 of the Treaty. In Walrave, the Court held that EU law did not apply to rules governing the composition of national sports teams and it was not for the ECJ to assess whether or not such rules were disproportionate. This in effect meant that regulators in sport could continue regulating in a way that they felt best without adhering to certain rules by the EU.
The Bosman ruling
For more information see Bosman ruling
One of the first challenges to the Walrave and Koch ruling was by the Belgian footballer Jean-Marc Bosman. Bosman was a midfielder who joined Standard Liège in 1983. After failing to establish themselves there and RFC Liège their contract expired in 1990. Dunkerque wanted to sign them but would not meet RFCL's fee, the Belgian club then cut Bosman's pay by 75%. Bosman's lawyers including Jean-Louis Dupont sued club, Belgian FA and UEFA for restraint of trade and in December 1995 the EU court said out-of-contract players can move on free transfers and banned limits on number of foreign EU players under the EU Restraint of Trade law.
Although Bosman's victory was pyrrhic ending in alcoholism and incarceration the effect it had was it reversed parts of the Walrave and Koch ruling namely that contractual restrictions on freedom to conduct business could not be an exception.
Since Bosman, other cases have been brought to the ECJ like Deliège which has weakened the sporting exception further.
David Meca-Medina and Igor Majcen
David Meca-Medina and Igor Majcen were long distance swimmers from Spain and Slovenia respectively who after
finishing first and second in a World Cup race in Brazil both had positive anti-doping test for Nandrolone, a prohibited anabolic steroid, and were banned for a period of four years by a decision of FINA's Doping Panel of 8 August 1999. Meca-Medina and Majcen then appealed the decision before the Court of Arbitration for Sport, which confirmed the suspension on 29 February 2000 before reconsidering it and subsequently reducing it to a period of two years.
The EEC and the EU
The 1974 ruling of Walrave was made in a different version of the EU. The Treaty of Rome of 1957 established the European Economic Community or "Common Market" as it was known and its scope was far narrower than the EU is today. It was primarily an economic tool and had as its aim the economic union of its member nations. When the Maastricht Treaty was signed in 1993 the aims of the supranational organisation was enlarged and incorporated other institutions like the Court of Justice of the European Union, the European Central Bank, and the European Parliament. This was enough to convince the court that previous cases based on Walrave could be modified or supplanted.
The case
Meca-Medina and Majcen (also represented by Jean-Louis DUPONT) subsequently filed a case against the executive body of the European Union, the European Commission, that the rules adopted by the International Olympic Committee concerning doping control were incompatible with the EC rules on competition and freedom to provide services. As the rules at the time stated, European law mostly (apart from the above Bosman and Deliège cases) only applied to economic activities within Article 2 of the Treaty. On 30 May 2001, the appellants filed a complaint with the Commission, stating that anti-doping rules breached articles 49, 81 and 82 of the EC Treaty. Article 82 states:
Any abuse by one or more undertakings of a dominant position within the common market or in a substantial part of it shall be prohibited as incompatible with the common market insofar as it may affect trade between Member States.
They argued that the fixing of the limit for Nandrolone at two nanogrammes per millilitre of urine was a concerted practice between the IOC and the 27 laboratories accredited by it and that the anti-competitive nature of that practice was reinforced by the fact that the tribunals responsible for the settlement of sports disputes by arbitration were not independent of the IOC.
The ECJ Court of First Instance disagreed and held that doping was a sporting not an economic issue. The judgement was appealed and the appellate court held that the court of First Instance had erred in law when it held that the anti-doping rules at issue did not fall within the scope of Articles 49, 81 and 82 of the EC Treaty. Secondly, they disputed the assessment made by the Court of First Instance according to which anti-doping rules are purely sporting rules and therefore fall outside the scope of the EC Treaty. This essentially said that activity that takes the form of paid employment for professional or semi-professional sportsmen was covered under law in the treaty.
Repercussions
Before Meca-Medina a sporting rule which had an economic effect was immune from challenge merely because it was a sporting rule. Currently, any sporting rule which restricts competition will need to be shown to have effects no more far reaching than its immediate objectives. It is significant for its departure from previous sports law because cases are decided on a case-by-case basis and reflects that Europe's sporting bodies have economic effects and are open to scrutiny by the competition authorities. Although, if sporting bodies can illustrate that the objectives pursued by its rules are legitimate and proportionate in their effects then the ruling should have no effect.
Although it is seen in a positive light by many for the above reasons, some have disagreed. UEFA stated "Without question, the final judgment is unsatisfactory..." And continued suggesting that the EU may have opened floodgates to more cases in the future:
Encouraged by the judgment in Meca-Medina, it is to be expected that complainants will now amplify arguments to the effect that sports rules and practices have "disproportionate" effects or are "not limited to what is necessary for the proper conduct of competitive sport" and, in this way, "prove" a violation of competition law. It seems the European Court of Justice (unlike the CFI) has now declared its interest and willingness to examine all manner of such arguments in the future. The European Commission may also have a harder job in rejecting vexatious claims under competition law.
References
Court of Justice of the European Union case law
Sports law
Gwendolyne Maxine Stacy is a fictional character in Marc Webb's Amazing Spider-Man films, based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name created by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko. They were portrayed by Emma Stone in the films The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2. As opposed to taking a supporting role in the previous film trilogy, Gwen is given a prominent role in Webb's films as one of Peter Parker's classmates, serving as their primary love interest and a foil to their character. Webb based Gwen's character off of their traditional comic-book portrayal. For their performance in the films, Stone has received critical praise and wider recognition, despite the divided response to the film series as a whole.
Character development and execution
Origins and casting
The character of Gwen Stacy first appeared in The Amazing Spider-Man #31 in 1965. Intended to be Spider-Man's primary love interest, they were soon superseded in popularity by Mary Jane Watson in that role by fans. This eventually led to the now-controversial decision by Spider-Man writers to kill off Gwen, which served as one of the most pivotal moments in comic-book history; Spider-Man's failure to save Gwen was one of the first big failures by a superhero, and is regarded as the end of the Silver Age of Comic Books. The character has subsequently been cloned or revived several times or seen different iterations in the comics, including one as Spider-Gwen, and has been included in several television shows and cartoons based on Spider-Man.
The first big-budget cinematic appearance of Gwen Stacy was in Spider-Man 3, with Bryce Dallas Howard portraying the character in a supporting role, as Mary Jane was already serving as Peter's main love interest in that trilogy. Following the cancellation of Spider-Man 4 and reboot of the Spider-Man film series, it was originally reported that both Gwen and Mary Jane would appear in the first film of the new series before Gwen was confirmed as the only one of Peter's love interests to appear. The shortlist of actores to play the role included Lily Collins, Ophelia Lovibond, and Imogen Poots, with Teresa Palmer, Emma Roberts, and Mary Elizabeth Winstead, as reported by The Hollywood Reporter as "potentially in the mix". In September 2010, Variety reported that the shortlist had expanded to include Emma Stone and Mia Wasikowska. After a few more actores were considered, Stone was announced as the winner of the role in October 2010 due to their chemistry with Spider-Man actor Andrew Garfield. That chemistry later inspired their off-screen romance.
For the role, Stone kept their natural blonde hair color to match Gwen's depiction in the comic books, rather than maintaining their usual dyed red hair. They felt that they had a responsibility to educate themselves on Spider-Man, admitting they "hadn't read the comic book growing up, and my experience was with the Sam Raimi movies... I always assumed that Mary Jane was their first love", and having only been familiar with Howard's portrayal in Spider-Man 3. Stone said, "There's a part of me that really wants to please people [who] love Spider-Man or Gwen Stacy and want them to be done justice. I hope they'll give me license to interpret them my way." While The Amazing Spider-Man director Marc Webb introduced a few elements from Ultimate Spider-Man, they wanted to keep the mainstream version of Gwen Stacy instead of that world's punk rocker, though they state that the "texture" of the romantic relationship between them and Peter is based on that of the Ultimate versions of Peter and Mary Jane.
Despite their character's death in The Amazing Spider-Man 2, Stone expressed interest in returning as a resurrected Stacy in a future The Amazing Spider-Man film in an interview with Screen Rant. By July 2014, development of follow-ups Sinister Six, The Amazing Spider-Man 3, and The Amazing Spider-Man 4 had stalled; the films would have seen Stone reprise their role, the plot following a returned Norman Osborn setting a resurrected amnesiac Gwen as Carnage against Peter, Harry Osborn, and the Sinister Six. By early 2015, a deal to reboot the series within the Marvel Cinematic Universe was reached, effectively cancelling the Amazing Spider-Man franchise.
Characterization and themes
Sony Pictures' official website for The Amazing Spider-Man described Gwen Stacy as "smart, charismatic and rebellious". Stone described their character as "a daddy's girl" who is very responsible and protective of their family and loves science. They said of their character, "she offers Parker a world of stability, of a family unit not marred with parental loss and, beyond physical allure, the two forge an intellectual connection over their shared love of science." Them character, they explained, "is stuck between [her father] the Captain and Peter Parker and Spider-Man, who have different ways about going finding justice in their lives" which they felt was a fun thing to explore. Dana Stevens of Slate described the character
"as the stuff of a comic nerd's dreams: a sweet, smart, wisecracking dame in demure sweaters, miniskirts, thigh-high stockings and boots."
Gwen and Peter's relationship is further explored in The Amazing Spider-Man 2. When asked about their relationship in the sequel, Stone said, "She saves them more than they save them She's incredibly helpful to Spider-Man ... He's the muscle, she's the brains." Emily Kubincanek of Film School Rejects observes that unlike Mary Jane Watson, the primary love interest in the Raimi trilogy, Gwen Stacy, as portrayed in the Marc Webb films, provides a "feeling of partnership" in their relationship with Peter Parker and is more than willing to aid them in their battles, even at the cost of their own life when they help them against Electro and is subsequently targeted and killed by the Green Goblin.
Film appearances
The Amazing Spider-Man (2012)
Gwen first appears as the daughter of NYPD captain George Stacy and as a classmate to Peter Parker and Flash Thompson at Midtown Science High School. They break up a fight between the two, admonishing Flash for not finishing their homework and for beating up Peter, then later commends the latter for standing up to Flash. Peter and Gwen begin to develop a mutual interest in each other from that point onwards. They encounter each other later at Oscorp, where Gwen is interning as a research assistant, as Peter sneaks into the facility to find Dr. Curt Connors and is later bitten by a radioactive spider that gives them new abilities. Gwen catches up with Peter after their Uncle Ben picks them up following after-school detention, and later consoles Peter after Ben's death.
After Peter starts tracking down Ben's killer as a masked vigilante, Gwen invites them to dinner with their family, where Peter and Captain Stacy argue about the vigilante's motives. Afterwards, Peter reveals to them that they are, in fact, the vigilante, sharing a kiss with them Gwen also plays a crucial part in the Lizard's defeat; having helped Peter develop an antidote for Connors' serum for turning people into reptilian hybrids using their own scientific knowledge. Unfortunately, their father is killed by the Lizard before Peter can defeat the villain. George makes Peter promise to keep Gwen out of their dangerous life. Peter honors that vow without immediately telling Gwen, which offends them until they realize what their father did and forgives Peter. However, when Peter later hints that he's reconsidering keeping that vow, they quietly smile at this development.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (2014)
Two years later, Gwen and Peter are graduating from high school. They call him, telling them that he'll be "late" to the graduation ceremony while unbeknownst to her, they are in action as Spider-Man helping the NYPD apprehend Aleksei Sytsevich. Peter arrives just after Gwen finishes their speech as valedictorian to collect their diploma, kissing them in front of the crowd. Gwen and Peter talk where they invite them to dinner before they were called by their mother for a family photo. Later in the evening, Peter tells Gwen about the visions of their father he's been having and insists that they need to keep their promise which as a result, Gwen breaks up with Peter.
Gwen is seen then working at Oscorp and meets Max Dillon in an elevator, where they find out their birthday and the fact that they are obsessed with Spider-Man. They later meets up with Peter again, in which they try to maintain their friendship and establish some "ground rules". Gwen tells Peter that they are trying to apply for a scholarship to Oxford University, meaning they have to move to England if they get it. Before the two can discuss it, Max, having suffered an industrial accident and become Electro, shuts off the power to Times Square whilst looking for electricity to power himself. Gwen recognizes Max and starts asking questions; Donald Menken, a high ranking and mutinous Oscorp board member, decides that they are a threat, fires them and targets them for elimination. In the chaos, they also encounter Peter's childhood best friend Harry Osborn.
Gwen later leaves Peter a voicemail, saying that they got the position at Oxford and has to leave early for a flight. Peter catches up to them and declares their love for her, agreeing to accompany them to England. They are interrupted by an intentional blackout caused by Electro. Peter takes Gwen down where the police are and Gwen helps them with their web-shooters to go against Electro. Peter heads off to fight with Electro having the upper-hand. As Electro has Spider-Man in the air and is electrocuting him, Gwen comes in a police car and hits Electro, against Peter's demands. The two defeat and kill Electro by overloading their electricity supply.
Just after they do so, Harry arrives, now as the Green Goblin, having figured out Spider-Man's identity and wanting revenge for being refused a potentially life-saving blood transfusion. Goblin takes Gwen to a clock tower and drops them but Spider-Man catches them The two fight at the top of the tower, and Spider-Man manages to subdue the Goblin. However, during the fight, Gwen falls and is supported by a web connected to one of the gears. The gear soon gives away, which cuts the web and Gwen again plummets. Goblin is then defeated and Peter tries to save Gwen using their web. Though they successfully catch their inches from the ground, they die nonetheless due to whiplash causing their head to hit the floor. Devastated by their failure to save Gwen, Peter ends their career as Spider-Man.
Five months pass and Spider-Man is nowhere to be seen in New York as Peter spends every day at Gwen's grave. Later, an unknown team of men breaks Sytsevich out of prison. Equipped with an electromechanical suit of armor, Sytsevich dubs themselves the "Rhino" and rampages through the streets. Peter, inspired by re-watching Gwen's graduation speech, resumes their role as Spider-Man and confronts him.
Comic appearances
Marvel Infinite tie-in comics
Gwen appears in comics that tie into both films in the series, helping Peter redesign their Spider-Man suit and attempting to maintain a friendship with them after their initial breakup before resuming their relationship.
In other media
Video games
This version of the character also appears in The Amazing Spider-Man movie video game, voiced by Kari Wahlgren. Several months after the film, Gwen continues to work at Oscorp, and occasionally provides assistance to Spider-Man.
Gwen Stacy does not appear in The Amazing Spider-Man 2 movie video game, but is mentioned by Peter Parker while speaking to their Aunt May when they excuse themselves to leave the house and pretend to check up on Gwen during an attack on Oscorp (when in reality, they aren't present at the incident). Beenox confirmed that the character was excluded from the plot so the game doesn't generate spoilers for the then-upcoming film.
Reception
Emma Stone's performance as Gwen Stacy has received positive reviews and led to wider recognition for the actor, as they were nominated for several awards, winning "Favorite Movie Actress" at the 2015 Kids' Choice Awards. Critics praised Stone's chemistry with Andrew Garfield in both The Amazing Spider-Man and The Amazing Spider-Man 2, and the fact that their character was significantly more fleshed-out than the Gwen Stacy of the Sam Raimi trilogy. In a review of the first film, Stephanie Zacharek of Movieline wrote that they "had no specific desire to see the series resuscitated. But watching Garfield and Stone made me think doing so wasn't such a bad idea". Following the release of The Amazing Spider-Man 2, Alison Willmore of BuzzFeed cited Stone's performance and the love story of two people "hopelessly smitten with each other" as the highlights of the film, with the other subplots and villains serving to "complicate the relationship between Peter and Gwen." They also called the love story "uncommonly appealing" for an otherwise cliché superhero film.
Notes
References
The plot description and characterization were adapted from Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone) at Spider-Man Films Wiki and Gwendolyne Stacy at the Amazing Spider-Man Wiki, which are available under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 license.
External links
The Amazing Spider-Man (2012 film series)
Emma Stone
Film characters introduced in 2012
Spider-Man film characters
Fictional characters from New York City
Fictional scientists
Female characters in film
Teenage characters in film
Grays Point is a small affluent suburb in Southern Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia 29 kilometres south of the Sydney central business district, in the local government area of the Sutherland Shire.
Grays Point is a small suburb with extensive views of the Port Hacking estuary. Grays Point is adjacent to the Royal National Park and the suburbs of Gymea Bay and Kirrawee. There is only one road available for vehicular access however multiple walking and mountain bike tracks link it with locations such as Audley in the Royal National Park, Engadine and Heathcote. This, in turn, contributes to the exclusive atmosphere of the suburb.
Grays Point house prices are higher than comparable real estate in the southern Sydney region. The median price for a three-bedroom house is $1.3m. Properties in the area are tightly held and often remain within families for multiple generations. Houses are highly sought after, especially those with access to the surrounding waterways.
There is a small shallow boat ramp located at Swallow Rock Reserve for launching trailer boats, canoes and kayaks on the Hacking River. Swallow Rock is a wetland area. A large variety of wildlife resides in Grays Point, including possums, sugar gliders, morepork owls, deer (an introduced species), wallabies, magpies and kookaburras.
History
The origin of the Grays Point name is unclear. It has been suggested that it was either named after Samuel William Gray, who owned land on the point or John Edward Gray, who was a well-known resident ranger in the Royal National Park in the 1880s.
On 9 January 1983 three volunteer firefighters were killed in a bushfire near Grays Point.
Population
At the 2016 census, there were 3,125 residents in Grays Point. The majority of people were born in Australia and the most common ancestries were English, Australian and Irish. The top responses for religious affiliation were No Religion 31.9%, Catholic 24.7% and Anglican 22.4%. The median household weekly income of $2,557 was substantially higher than the national median of $1,438. The majority of occupied dwellings were separate houses and these tended to be large properties, with 59.0% having 4 or more bedrooms.
Commercial area
Grays Point is largely residential, with a small group of shops located at Grays Point Road, near the intersection of Swallow Rock Drive. A fish and chip shop, a restaurant with a bar, a bottle shop, and a convenience store. Most residents rely on the rest of the Sutherland Shire for their services, especially the retail centres of Gymea, the new shopping precinct at South Village and Miranda
Schools
Grays Point Public School is located in Angle Road. The school lies next to the Grays Point ovals and is cut out of the Royal National Park. The school serves local children from kindergarten to year 6 with around 400 students. It focuses on positive student well being programs and advancing technology skills.
Grays Point also has a preschool and a child care centre.
Sport
Grays Point Soccer Club located next to the Public School, the club has Junior and Senior teams. The club has two playing fields. They are also used as a cricket field during the summer months.
References
External links
Sutherland Shire place names
Suburbs of Sydney
The Grossflammenwerfer or Grof is a large flamethrower, designed to be used from the trenches. In addition to man-portable units, the Germans designed heavy flamethrowers before and during the First World War. The fuel and propellant containers were too large and heavy for mobility, but the hose could be long enough to be carried out of the trenches closer to the enemy. Multiple propellant and fuel containers could be connected together to improve range and usage time.
These flamethrowers were the first flamethrowers made by Richard Fiedler. They also made the Kleinflammenwerfer, which is more portable and easier to use than the Grossflammenwerfer.
See also
List of flamethrowers
References
Flamethrowers of the German Army 1914-1945 by Fred Koch
http://firstworldwar.com/weaponry/flamethrowers.htm
1910s establishments in Germany
1910s disestablishments in Germany
Flamethrowers
World War I German infantry weapons
This is a list of masjids (mosques) in Singapore.
See also
Islam in Singapore
Lists of mosques
References
External links
https://www.muis.gov.sg/mosque
https://www.muis.gov.sg/mosque/Our-Mosques/Mosque-Directory
https://www.muis.gov.sg/mosque/Mosque-Infrastructure/Mosque-Building/MBMF-Mosque
https://www.muis.gov.sg/mosque/Mosque-Infrastructure/Mosque-Building/Wakaf-Mosque
https://www.muis.gov.sg/mosque/Mosque-Infrastructure/Mosque-Building/Other-Mosque
https://www.onemap.sg/main/v2/
See also
Islam in Singapore
Lists of mosques
References
External links
https://www.muis.gov.sg/mosque
https://www.muis.gov.sg/mosque/Our-Mosques/Mosque-Directory
https://www.muis.gov.sg/mosque/Mosque-Infrastructure/Mosque-Building/MBMF-Mosque
https://www.muis.gov.sg/mosque/Mosque-Infrastructure/Mosque-Building/Wakaf-Mosque
https://www.muis.gov.sg/mosque/Mosque-Infrastructure/Mosque-Building/Other-Mosque
https://www.onemap.sg/main/v2/
Singapore
Mosques
Edmund John Glyn Hooper (July 7, 1818 – October 5, 1889) was a Canadian business person and political figure. They represented Addington in the 1st Parliament of Ontario and Lennox in the House of Commons of Canada as a Liberal-Conservative member from 1879 to 1882.
They were born in Devonshire, England in 1818 and came to Quebec City with their parents in 1819. They served in the local militia during the Lower Canada Rebellion. In 1843, they moved to Lennox County and established themselves as a lumber merchant with their brother Augustus. They built a sawmill in Frontenac County which burned down in 1855. They then set up a store in Camden East; they moved to Napanee in 1863 and opened another store there. In the same year, they were appointed treasurer for the provisional council of the Counties of Lennox and Addington. In 1879, they were forced to resign from their position as treasurer when funds were found to be missing; Hooper declared bankruptcy because they were declared indebted to the county.
They died in Napanee in 1889.
External links
Biography at the Dictionary of Canadian Biography Online
Member's parliamentary history for the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
1818 births
1889 deaths
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario MPPs
English emigrants to Canada
Greg Nelson may refer to:
Greg Nelson (producer) (born 1948), music producer
Greg Nelson (make-up artist), Academy Award nominated make-up artist
Greg Nelson (computer scientist) (1912–2015), American computer scientist
Greg Nelson and Jenny Gardner, fictional characters from All My Children
Greg Nelson (curler) on List of teams on the 2012–13 Ontario Curling Tour
Greg Nelson (playwright) of Afghanada
Greg Nelson (politician) in Louisiana gubernatorial election, 1979
See also
Gregory Nelson (disambiguation)
Khandwa Lok Sabha constituency is one of the 29 Lok Sabha constituencies in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. This Khandwa constituency came into existence in 1957. It covers the entire Burhanpur district and parts of Dewas, Khandwa and Khargone districts.
Vidhan Sabha segments
Presently, since the delimitation of the parliamentary and legislative assembly constituencies in 2008, Khandwa (खण्डवा) Lok Sabha constituency comprises the following eight Vidhan Sabha (Legislative Assembly) segments:
Members of Lok Sabha
^ by-poll
Election results
2021 Bypoll
General Elections 2019
General Elections 2009
General Elections 1977
Parmanand Thakurdas Govindjiwala (Janata) : 182,031
Gangacharan Dixit (INC) : 128,008
Bye-poll 1979
Kushabhau Thakre (JNP) : 192,280
S.N.Thakur (INC-I) : 153,794
General Elections 1971
Gangacharan Dikshit (Indian National Congress) : 143,124 votes
Virendra Kumar Anand (Bharatiya Jana Sangh) : 102,234
See also
Khandwa district
List of Constituencies of the Lok Sabha
References
Lok Sabha constituencies in Madhya Pradesh
Khandwa district
Di Martino (also styled di Martino or DiMartino) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Di Martino
Antonietta Di Martino (born 1978), Italian high jumper and Olympics competitor
Gian Carlo di Martino (born 1964), Venezuelan politician and lawyer
Jean-François Di Martino (born 1967), French fencer and Olympic medalist
Leopoldo Di Martino (born 1949), Italian racing sailor and Olympics competitor
Lorenzo di Niccolò di Martino (1391–1412), Italian painter
Pietro Di Martino ( Pietro De Martino; 1707–1746), Italian mathematician and astronomer
Sophia Di Martino (born 1943), British actor
DiMartino
Christina DiMartino (born 1986), American soccer player; sister of Gina and Vicki DiMartino
Gina DiMartino (born 1988), American soccer player; sister of Christina and Vicki DiMartino
Michael Dante DiMartino (born 1974), American animation director, producer, story editor, and author
Nick DiMartino (born 1946), based author, playwright, book reviewer, and bookseller
Vicki DiMartino (born 1991), American soccer player; sister of Christina and Gina DiMartino
Vincent DiMartino (born 1972), American motorcycle designer and builder
See also
De Martino (surname)
Martino (disambiguation)
Italian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
The 2005 Pan American Women's Handball Championship was the eighth edition of the Pan American Women's Handball Championship, held in Brazil. It acted as the American qualifying tournament for the 2005 World Women's Handball Championship.
Standings
Results
All times are local (UTC−3).
Final ranking
External links
Results on todor66.com
2005 Women
American Women's Handball Championship
Pan
2005 in Brazilian women's sport
May 2005 sports events in South America
Chincholi Wildlife Sanctuary is located in the Kalaburagi district of Karnataka. It is a dry land Wildlife Sanctuary in South India. It has dry deciduous forest with major plantations of Acacia and teak plantations. It is home to different varieties of flora and fauna, including sandalwood, red sanders, blackbuck, striped hyena, wolf, and fruit bats.
Location
Chincholi Wildlife Sanctuary spans over an area of 134.88 sq. km. It is situated in the Kalaburagi district of Karnataka in India. It is the first dry land Wildlife Sanctuary which is rich in floristic diversity in the Hyderabad-Karnataka region.
Flora and fauna
The sanctuary has medicinal herbs and trees in its compound. It also has Acacia and teak plantations. Chincholi Wildlife Sanctuary has over 35 species of birds, such as blue pigeon, black-winged kite, blossom-headed parakeet, black drongo and many more.
References
Wildlife sanctuaries in Karnataka
Geography of Kalaburagi district
Year of establishment missing
William Folorunso Kumuyi (born 6 June 1941) is the founder and General Superintendent of the Deeper Christian Life Ministry situated at Gbagada, Lagos, Nigeria.  They are the author of several Christian books and devotionals. William Folorunso Kumuyi celebrated their 80th Birthday on 6 June 2021.
Background
Kumuyi was born into a Christian family in Orunwa, Ogun State, western part of Nigeria. They completed their secondary school education in 1961 at Mayflower School in Ikenne, Ogun State, from where they proceeded to the University of Ibadan and in 1967 graduated with a first-class honours degree in mathematics where they graduated as overall best graduating student in that year. They subsequently took a post-graduate course in Education at the University of Lagos. They became a born-again Christian in April 1964.
On their upbringing, Kumuyi was quoted to have said Kumuyi was influenced by John Wesley, Charles Finney and Charles Spurgeon. Their father was a member of the Anglican Church. According to an article in The Sun (Nigeria), Kumuyi is also said to be "a one-time member of the Anglican Church (now Anglican Communion), Celestial Church of Christ, Scripture Union (SU) movement and Apostolic Faith before breaking away to found Deeper Life."
Teaching career
Kumuyi began teaching mathematics in 1962 at Mayflower School, their alma mater. They went on, in the early 1970s, to become a lecturer of mathematics at the University of Lagos.
In September 2016 a one day program was planned which involves Pastor Kumuyi addressing over 50,000 youths all over Lagos State which would encourage the youths to inculcate in them the highest virtues in youths and stay away from antisocial and push-pull tendencies which causes distractions for the youths especially in this era of social media.
Christian ministry
In 1973, while being a lecturer of mathematics at the University of Lagos, Kumuyi began a Bible study group with 15 students who had come to them for Bible training. This training became the foundation of the Deeper Christian Life Ministry. In 1975, Kumuyi was expelled from the Apostolic Faith Church for preaching on the baptism of the Holy Spirit. They continued their independent ministry, which in 1982 became the Deeper Life Bible Church. As at 2005, the Christian ministry is said to have over 800,000 affiliates.
Place of worship
The Deeper Christian Life Ministry founded by Kumuyi has the international headquarters of its church in Gbagada, Lagos. The church auditorium at the international headquarters could sit up to 30,000 worshippers; it was described by experts as the fourth largest in the world. The auditorium was inaugurated on 24 April 2018; the Vice President of Nigeria, Yemi Osinbajo, and some other dignitaries attended the inauguration .
Other notable places of worship of their Christian ministry include: the Deeper Life Conference Centre in Ogun State at Kilometer 42, Lagos–Ibadan Expressway and the International Bible Training Centre (IBTC) at Ayobo, Lagos.
Published books
The Hour of Decision, 1990,
How to Know God's Will in Marriage, 1990,
Have Compassion on Them, 1991,
The Spirit Controlled Family: W.F. Kumuyi, 1996,
The Lord's Prayer, 1997,
The Truly Liberated Woman, 2000,
Supernatural Supply in All Situations, 2009,
Daily Manna, Volume 1, 2011,
Daily Manna: A Daily Devotional Guide, 2014,
Higher Everyday: A Daily Devotional Guide for Successful Youths, 2014, 978-1-46759-810-1
Kumuyi: Defender of the Faith
Personal life
Kumuyi met Abiodun Olowu in September 1972. They became one of their Bible study students and a member of their fledging Christian ministry. They got married on 13 September 1980 in Lagos, and they have two children, Jeremiah and John. Abiodun Kumuyi died on 11 April 2009.
On 13 October 2010, exactly 18 months after the death of their first wife, Kumuyi married Folashade Adenike Blaize in London. Folashade was the Administrator of the Deeper Life Bible Church, London.
Awards
In 2013, Foreign Policy magazine listed Kumuyi among the "500 most powerful people on the planet".
In 2018, Kumuyi received an honorary PhD from the University of Abuja.
Global Gospel Crusades
Pastor Dr. W.F. Kumuyi recently started conducting a series of Global Gospel Crusades since April 2021 in Abuja, Nigeria. The June, July, and August 2021 series in Abuja, Calabar and Enugu in Nigeria respectively, were conducted as Global Crusades. There were participants connecting to the Crusade both on social media and dedicated Zoom connections. The August 2021 edition just concluded featured Don Moen ministering along with him. These crusade series was branded Global Crusade with Kumuyi (GCK) in July 2022 with former president of Nigeria and former vice president of Zambia, Olusegun Obasanjo and Nevers Mumba respectively among others in attendance at the brand launch.
Biography
The first ever biography of Pastor Kumuyi was written and published in 2021 by four authors. The biography titled Kumuyi: Defender of the Faith was forwarded by Pastor Enoch Adeboye. Nigeria's vice president, Yemi Osibanjo and Lagos state governor BabaJide Sanwo-olu were among prominent world leaders that launched the book.
References
Further reading
1941 births
Living people
Nigerian Christian clergy
Yoruba Christian clergy
People from Osun State
University of Ibadan alumni
University of Lagos faculty
Nigerian television evangelists
Yoruba academics
Bernard Favre d'Echallens (born in 1950) is a French business person. They have been in South Korea since 2000 as President and CEO of Thales Korea, the local Korean subsidiary of the international defense and commercial electronics group. On 21 March 2006 they were arrested and charged by a judge in Seoul of spying on South Korean military secrets with two counts of obtaining classified documents concerning radar equipment for the South Korean Navy. They were facing 15 years in prison during a trial which started in April 2006.
Favre d'Echallens was held in Daejeon, a provincial city 160 kilometres south of Seoul.
A South Korean court dismissed charges on 16 May 2006. Favre d'Echallens was acquitted at their trial in the central city of Daejon; a prosecution official in Daejon said they will appeal against the decision.
They were also at the time of their arrest the Treasurer of the French Korean Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
References
1950 births
Living people
French businesspeople
George Ronald Livingstone (October 9, 1925 – August 26, 1991) was an American professional basketball player. Livingstone was the sixth overall pick in the 1949 BAA draft by the Baltimore Bullets. They played for the Bullets for just sixteen games in their rookie season before they were traded to the Philadelphia Warriors for Ed Sadowski and cash. They played for the Warriors until 1951. Prior to the professional leagues, Livingstone was an AAU All-American while playing for the Oakland Bittners in 1946–47.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
Playoffs
References
External links
1925 births
1991 deaths
Amateur Athletic Union men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Baltimore Bullets (1944–1954) draft picks
Baltimore Bullets (1944–1954) players
Basketball players from Oakland, California
Centers (basketball)
Junior college men's basketball players in the United States
Modesto Junior College alumni
Philadelphia Warriors players
Saint Mary's Gaels men's basketball players
Wyoming Cowboys basketball players
Gerald Colin McKellar (29 May 1903 – 13 April 1970) was an Australian politician. They were a member of the Country Party and served as a Senator for New South Wales from 1958 until their death in 1970. They were Minister for Repatriation from 1964 to 1969.
Early life
McKellar was born in Gulgong, New South Wales and educated at Gilgandra and became a wheat and sheep farmer in the Gilgandra area. They married Florence Emily Smith in 1926. They commanded the local militia from 1936 and was appointed a major in the second Australian Imperial Force in September 1942. They were transferred to the reserves in April 1946. After World War II, they became an official in several farming organisations.
Political career
McKellar was elected as a Country Party Senator at the 1958 election. In December 1964, they were appointed Minister for Repatriation. They were obliged to implement Cabinet's decision to cut costs despite the strenuous opposition of the Returned Services League. During the Holt government, they also came under strong pressure over the VIP flights affair as they represented the Minister for Air Peter Howson in the Senate. They agreed not to be appointed to the second Gorton Ministry in November 1969, on grounds of ill-health and five months later died of coronary heart disease, survived by their wife and three sons.
The Canberra suburb of McKellar was named after them in 1974.
References
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Australia
Members of the Australian Senate for New South Wales
Members of the Australian Senate
1903 births
1970 deaths
20th-century Australian politicians
Australian military personnel of World War II
Eva Likova (21 December 1919 – 15 March 2004) was an American operatic soprano of Czech descent. They were notably one of the major sopranos at the New York City Opera during the company's early years. They also made guest appearances with a number of opera houses in North America and Europe, enjoying a particularly fruitful partnership with the Philadelphia Grand Opera Company. After retiring from the opera stage in 1966, they embarked on a second career as a voice teacher.
Biography
Born Eva Pichlíková in Prague, Likova studied to be a ballerina before studying singing at the Prague Conservatory with Nektar de Flondor. They made their professional opera debut in 1943 as Mařenka in Bedřich Smetana's The Bartered Bride at the Brno National Theatre where they were committed for two years. From 1945 through 1947 they worked as a principal artist at the Prague National Theatre. They also made a handful of appearances in European films and worked as a dramatic actor and ballet dancer during the early 1940s.
In 1947 Likova came to the United States on a two-year contract with the Detroit Symphony. It was they who brought Americans from the delusion that they were Antonin Dvorak's New World American composer and music that is purely American. Following reports of a communist coup in 1948, they decided to stay here for the rest of your life. They first performed in the USA as a concert singer, making their American debut on February 6, 1947 with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra under conductor Karl Krueger. In 1948 they received critical acclaim after appearing with the New York Philharmonic under the direction of Alfredo Antonini before an audience of over 14,000 at the landmark Lewisohn Stadium performing selections from Giacomo Puccini's Madama Butterfly and Ruggero Leoncavallo's Pagliacci. In 1949 made their American opera debut as Violetta in Giuseppe Verdi's La traviata at the New York City Opera (NYCO). They remained committed to the NYCO up through 1957, portraying such roles as Donna Anna and Donna Elvira in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's Don Giovanni, Gilda in Verdi's Rigoletto, Liù in Giacomo Puccini's Turandot, Marguerite in Charles Gounod's Faust (opposite Norman Treigle), Micaela in Georges Bizet's Carmen, Musetta in Puccini's La bohème, Nedda in Ruggero Leoncavallo's Pagliacci, Olympia in Jacques Offenbach's The Tales of Hoffmann and the title role in Jules Massenet's Manon. They returned to the NYCO as a guest artist a number of times up through 1965, with their last performance with the company being Giorgetta in Puccini's Il tabarro.
Likova was active as a guest artist with opera companies throughout the United States during the 1950s and 1960s. In 1953 they made their debut with the Philadelphia Civic Grand Opera Company as Violetta to the Alfredo of Walter Fredericks and Germont of Cesare Bardelli under conductor Giuseppe Bamboschek. They later appeared with the Philadelphia Grand Opera Company as Nedda (1956), Gilda (1957), Adina in Gaetano Donizetti's L'elisir d'amore (1958), Lisette in Puccini's La rondine (1960), Marienka (1960), Musetta (1964), Micaëla (1964), and Nedda (1966). In 1954 they appeared as Zerbinetta in Richard Strauss's Ariadne auf naxos at the Central City Opera. In 1955 they sang Arsena in Johann Strauss II's The Gypsy Baron at the Lewisohn Stadium under conductor Julius Rudel and portrayed Euridice in Christoph Willibald Gluck's Orfeo ed Euridice at the Newport Music Festival with Martha Lipton as Orfeo. In 1956, they sang Dircé in the American Opera Society's production of Luigi Cherubini's Médée at Carnegie Hall with Eileen Farrell in the title role and Arnold Gamson conducting. In 1959, Likova portrayed Oscar in Un ballo in maschera, opposite Herva Nelli and Richard Tucker, for the Opera Guild of Miami.
In 1961 Likova sang Violetta at the Opera Company of Boston with John Alexander as Alfredo and Igor Gorin as Germont under the baton of Sarah Caldwell. That same year they portrayed Liù to Lucille Udovick's Turandot at the San Francisco Opera. They also gave performances at the Pittsburgh Opera and New Orleans Opera among others. They were also active as a concert singer, appearing with such orchestras as the New York Philharmonic and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. On the international stage they appeared at the Canadian Opera Company, the Great Theatre, Warsaw, the Liceu, the Palacio de Bellas Artes, the Vienna State Opera, the Opéra National de Paris, and with a number of opera houses in Germany and Italy. They were also highly active in filming operatic productions for television in the early 1950s with both NBC and CBC.
After the end of the 1965-1966 season, Likova retired from performing. They joined the faculty of the University of Michigan School of Music, Theatre & Dance, where they taught singing until their retirement in 1983. They later taught privately in both New York City and Philadelphia until returning to Michigan where they lived in Southfield until their death of complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 84.
References
1919 births
2004 deaths
American people of Czech descent
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
American operatic sopranos
Prague Conservatory alumni
University of Michigan faculty
20th-century American women opera singers
American women academics
Deaths from dementia in Michigan
Czechoslovak emigrants to the United States
21st-century American women
A Fraser Filter, named after Douglas Fraser, is typically used in geophysics when displaying VLF data. It is effectively the first derivative of the data.
If represents the collected data then is the average of two values. Consider this value to be plotted between point 1 and point 2 and do the same with points 3 and 4:
If represents the space between each station along the line then
is the Fraser Filter of those four values.
Since it is constant, it can be ignored and the Fraser Filter considered to be
.
References
Geophysics
Linear filters
Performance tuning is the improvement of system performance. Typically in computer systems, the motivation for such activity is called a performance problem, which can be either real or anticipated. Most systems will respond to increased load with some degree of decreasing performance. A system's ability to accept higher load is called scalability, and modifying a system to handle a higher load is synonymous to performance tuning.
Systematic tuning follows these steps:
Assess the problem and establish numeric values that categorize acceptable behavior.
Measure the performance of the system before modification.
Identify the part of the system that is critical for improving the performance. This is called the bottleneck.
Modify that part of the system to remove the bottleneck.
Measure the performance of the system after modification.
If the modification makes the performance better, adopt it. If the modification makes the performance worse, put it back the way it was.
This is an instance of the measure-evaluate-improve-learn cycle from quality assurance.
A performance problem may be identified by slow or unresponsive systems. This usually occurs because high system loading, causing some part of the system to reach a limit in its ability to respond. This limit within the system is referred to as a bottleneck.
A handful of techniques are used to improve performance. Among them are code optimization, load balancing, caching strategy, distributed computing and self-tuning.
Performance analysis
See the main article at Performance analysis
Performance analysis, commonly known as profiling, is the investigation of a program's behavior using information gathered as the program executes. Its goal is to determine which sections of a program to optimize.
A profiler is a performance analysis tool that measures the behavior of a program as it executes, particularly the frequency and duration of function calls. Performance analysis tools existed at least from the early 1970s. Profilers may be classified according to their output types, or their methods for data gathering.
Performance engineering
See the main article at Performance engineering
Performance engineering is the discipline encompassing roles, skills, activities, practices, tools, and deliverables used to meet the non-functional requirements of a designed system, such as increase business revenue, reduction of system failure, delayed projects, and avoidance of unnecessary usage of resources or work.
Several common activities have been identified in different methodologies:
Identification of critical business processes.
Elaboration of the processes in use cases and system volumetrics.
System construction, including performance tuning.
Deployment of the constructed system.
Service management, including activities performed after the system has been deployed.
Code optimization
See the main article at Optimization (computer science).
Some optimizations include improving the code so that work is done once before a loop rather than inside a loop or replacing a call to a simple selection sort with a call to the more complicated algorithm for a quicksort.
Configuration optimization
Modern software systems, e.g., Big data systems, comprises several frameworks (e.g., Apache Storm, Spark, Hadoop). Each of these frameworks exposes hundreds configuration parameters that considerably influence the performance of such applications. Some optimizations (tuning) include improving the performance of the application finding the best configuration for such applications.
Caching strategy
Caching is a fundamental method of removing performance bottlenecks that are the result of slow access to data. Caching improves performance by retaining frequently used information in high speed memory, reducing access time and avoiding repeated computation. Caching is an effective manner of improving performance in situations where the principle of locality of reference applies. The methods used to determine which data is stored in progressively faster storage are collectively called caching strategies. Examples are ASP.NET cache, CPU cache, etc.
Load balancing
A system can consist of independent components, each able to service requests. If all the requests are serviced by one of these systems (or a small number) while others remain idle then time is wasted waiting for used system to be available. Arranging so all systems are used equally is referred to as load balancing and can improve overall performance.
Load balancing is often used to achieve further gains from a distributed system by intelligently selecting which machine to run an operation on based on how busy all potential candidates are, and how well suited each machine is to the type of operation that needs to be performed.
Distributed computing
Distributed computing is used for increasing the potential for parallel execution on modern CPU architectures continues, the use of distributed systems is essential to achieve performance benefits from the available parallelism. High-performance cluster computing is a well-known use of distributed systems for performance improvements.
Distributed computing and clustering can negatively impact latency while simultaneously increasing load on shared resources, such as database systems. To minimize latency and avoid bottlenecks, distributed computing can benefit significantly from distributed caches.
Self-tuning
A self-tuning system is capable of optimizing its own internal running parameters in order to maximize or minimize the fulfillment of an objective function; typically the maximization of efficiency or error minimization. Self-tuning systems typically exhibit non-linear adaptive control. Self-tuning systems have been a hallmark of the aerospace industry for decades, as this sort of feedback is necessary to generate optimal multi-variable control for nonlinear processes.
Bottlenecks
The bottleneck is the part of a system which is at capacity. Other parts of the system will be idle waiting for it to perform its task.
In the process of finding and removing bottlenecks, it is important to prove their existence, such as by sampling, before acting to remove them. There is a strong temptation to guess. Guesses are often wrong, and investing only in guesses can itself be a bottleneck.
See also
Performance Application Programming Interface
References
External links
Address Scalability Bottlenecks with Distributed Caching
ASP.NET Web Cache Spurs Performance and Scalability
Improve SharePoint 2010 Performance with RBS
Clouds Done Right - Distributed Caching Removes Bottlenecks
Computer hardware tuning
Network performance
The 1951 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 21st staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Kilkenny entered the championship as the defending champions. However, they were beaten by Galway in the All-Ireland semi-final replay.
On 2 September 1951 Cork won the championship following a 4–4 to 1–8 defeat of Galway in the All-Ireland final. This was their sixth All-Ireland title and their first in seven championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Hurling Championship
Final
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Final
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Final
Ulster Minor Hurling Championship
Final
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Søren Hansson is a Danish lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1981 World Rowing Championships in Munich with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Living people
Bryant Fleming House is a historic home located at Wyoming in Wyoming County, New York. It was built about 1850 and is a -story, two-by-three-bay cross-gabled vernacular Italianate-style cottage with a two-by-three-bay, 1-story rear wing. Another main building is a multi-purpose "playhouse" designed for large-scale entertaining and accommodation of overnight guests. The property includes notable landscape features that its principal owner, Bryant Fleming (1877–1946) designed and installed after they purchased the property about 1910. Also on the property is a small decorative pool with fountain, two sets of stone and concrete steps, a garden gate, and brick walls with gate posts.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
Gallery
References
External links
Bryant Fleming | The Cultural Landscape Foundation
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Italianate architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1850
Houses in Wyoming County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming County, New York
Carenum punctipenne is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1883.
References
punctipenne
Beetles described in 1883
Xavier Tilliette (23 July 1921, Corbie, Somme – 10 December 2018, Paris) was a French philosopher, historian of philosophy, and theologian. A former student of Jean Wahl and of Vladimir Jankélévitch, they were a member of the Society of Jesus (1938) and professor emeritus at the Catholic Institute of Paris (1969), having taught also at the Pontifical Gregorian University of Rome (1972), the Lateran University, and the Centre Sèvres in Paris.
Biography
Xavier Tilliette also taught philosophy at various universities as a "visiting professor" in France and abroad: Lima, Santiago, Berlin, Bremen, Fribourg, Heidelberg, Hamburg, Munich, Bonn, Tübingen, Turin, Ferrara, Urbino, Rome, Macerata, Naples, Palermo. They spoke fluent English, Italian, German and Spanish, in addition to Latin, Greek and Hebrew, and they read Portuguese and Danish.
A specialist in Schelling and Jaspers, they have been developing since the 1970s a "philosophical Christology" which they initiated. In the tradition of Schelling and of Maurice Blondel, they defended and illustrated the idea of a Christian philosophy born from Revelation. They were also a specialist of Claudel, of phenomenology (Husserl and Maurice Merleau-Ponty), and of German idealism.
Xavier Tilliette was twice winner of a prize from the French Academy. Several of their works were translated into English, Italian, German, and Spanish.
Among their teachers, disciples, or friends, along with Wahl and Jankélévitch, were Hans Urs von Balthasar, Karl Rahner, Henri de Lubac, Gaston Fessard, Hans Georg Gadamer, Jürgen Habermas, Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Jean-Paul Sartre, Louis Bouyer, Jean Daniélou, Emmanuel Levinas, Paul Ricœur, Gabriel Marcel, Ambroise-Marie Carré, Yves Congar, Michel de Certeau, Stanislas Fumet, Maurice de Gandillac, Paul Doncœur, Pierre Blet, Marcel Brion, Robert Bresson, Enrico Castelli, Luigi Pareyson, Giuseppe Riconda, Michel Henry, Claude Bruaire, Jean Greisch, François Varillon, Albert Vanhoye, Jean-Luc Marion, Jean-Louis Vieillard-Baron, Francesco Tomatis.
They were a member of the Istituto Italiano per gli Studi Filosofici and of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences and Humanities (Bayerische Akademie der Wissenschaften of Munich), the Centro studi filosofico-religiosi Luigi Pareyson, and, since 2006, a corresponding member Accademia di estetica internazionale de Rapallo.
Xavier Tilliette was knight of the Légion d'honneur and of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic. Tilliette died in Paris on 10 December 2018 at the age of 97.
Selected bibliography
Xavier Tilliette wrote more than 2,000 essays, books, or articles; their more comprehensive bibliography contains over 250 pages.
Books in French
1960 Karl Jaspers, Aubier, coll. « Théologie »
1962 Existence et Littérature, Desclée de Brouwer
1962 Philosophes contemporains, Gabriel Marcel, Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Karl Jaspers, Desclée de Brouwer
1964 Jules Lequier ou le tourment de la liberté, Desclée de Brouwer
1970 Maurice Merleau-Ponty ou la mesure de l'homme, Seghers
1970 Schelling. Une philosophie en devenir, t. I, Le Système vivant, 1794–1821, t. II, La Dernière Philosophie, 1821–1854, Vrin, rééd. 1992
1974–1977 Le Christ des philosophes, 3 fascicules, ICP
1978 Schelling. Textes esthétiques. Présentation et notes, Klincksieck, coll. « L'esprit et les formes »
1984 La Mythologie comprise. L'interprétation schellingienne du paganisme, Bibliopolis, Naples
1986 La Christologie idéaliste, préface de Joseph Doré, Desclée de Brouwer, coll. « Jésus et Jésus-Christ », 240 p.
1987 L'Absolu et la Philosophie. Essais sur Schelling, coll. « Épiméthée », PUF
1990 Le Christ de la philosophie, Cerf, coll. « Cogitatio Fidei », 295 p., prix Montyon de l'Académie française 1991
1992 La Semaine sainte des philosophes, Desclée, coll. « Jésus et Jésus-Christ »
1993 Le Christ des philosophes : Du Maître de sagesse au divin Témoin, Culture et Vérité, Namur
1995 Recherches sur l'intuition intellectuelle, de Kant à Hegel, Vrin
1999 Schelling, Biographie, Calmann-Lévy, coll. « La vie des philosophes »
2001 Les philosophes lisent la Bible, Cerf, 200 p., prix du Cardinal Grente de l'Académie française ainsi que pour l'ensemble de son œuvre
2001 La Mémoire et l'Invisible, éd. Ad Solem, Genève
2002 Jésus romantique, Desclée-Mame
2003 Fichte. La science de la liberté, préface de , Vrin
2005 Le Jésuite et le Poète, Éloge jubilaire à Paul Claudel, éd. de Paris, Versailles
2006 L'Église des philosophes, de Nicolas de Cuse à Gabriel Marcel, Cerf Recension en ligne in Esprit & Vie
2006 Philosophies eucharistiques, de Descartes à Blondel, Cerf, 180 p., médaille Humboldt 2006
2007 Une introduction à Schelling, Honoré Champion
With other authors
Jean Wahl et Gabriel Marcel, avec Emmanuel Lévinas et Paul Ricœur, Beauchesne, 1976, 96 p.,
Hommage au Père Marcel Régnier, Archives de philosophie, 1999, Présentation en ligne
Written in Italian or in German
Il Cristo dei non-credenti e altri saggi di filosofia cristiana, Editoria Ave, Roma, 1994
Omaggi, Filosofi italiani del nostro tempo : Michele Federico Sciacca, Enrico Castelli Gattinara di Zubiena, Luigi Pareyson, Augusto Del Noce, Alberto Caracciolo, Italo Mancini, Enrico Garulli, Arturo Massolo, Pasquale Salvucci, Morcelliana, Brescia, 1997, 92 p.
Del male e del bene, con Giuseppe Riconda (a cura di Francesco Tomatis), Città Nuova Editrice, Roma, 2001
Che cos'è cristologia filosofica, Morcelliana, 2004
Schellings Pyrmonter Elegie. Der Briefwechsel mit Eliza Tapp, 1849–1854 (en collaboration), V. Klostermann, Frankfurt-am-Main, 2000
Essays published in the following reviews
Étvdes
Recherches de science religieuse
Revue de métaphysique et de morale
Archives de philosophie
Communio
Christus
References
Further reading
La filosofia come santità della ragione. Scritti in onore di Xavier Tilliette, A cura di Antonio Russo & Jean-Louis Vieillard-Baron, Edizioni Università di Trieste, 2004
Simone Stancampiano, La cristologia filosofica in Xavier Tilliette, Centro Studi Luigi Pareyson, Trauben, 2007 (online)
External links
Revue Conférence, 2007, « Jean Wahl, mendiant de Dieu » by Xavier Tilliette
« Rosenzweig, philosophe de la religion » by Xavier Tilliette
Deutschen Nationalbibliothek
1921 births
2018 deaths
People from Corbie
20th-century French Jesuits
21st-century French Jesuits
French historians of philosophy
Jesuit theologians
Catholic philosophers
French film critics
Phenomenologists
20th-century French philosophers
21st-century French philosophers
20th-century French Catholic theologians
21st-century French Catholic theologians
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
French male writers
Saving Milly is a 2005 American made-for-television drama film that stars Madeleine Stowe and Bruce Greenwood, which first aired on CBS on March 13, 2005. It is an adaptation of Morton Kondracke's nonfiction book of the same name.
Plot
Madeleine Stowe and Bruce Greenwood star in this drama based on the best-selling book and real-life journey of political journalist Mort Kondracke. The movie recounts their inspiring love story with their activist wife, Milly, and the dramatic change in their lives in the years after they are diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.
As a young journalist in Chicago in the '60s, Mort Kondracke envisioned marrying a Vassar graduate whose status would facilitate their goal of becoming a top Washington journalist. Their calculated plans go awry when they meet and marries Milly Martinez, a brash part-Mexican, part-Catholic, part-Jewish liberal activist who captures their heart. In Washington, D.C., the loving, strong-willed partners build a passionate and volatile marriage while debating everything from politics to how to raise their two daughters as well as their insatiable, all-consuming desire to save the world by championing a never-ending list of causes—all overshadowed by Mort's struggle with alcoholism.
In 1987, their lives take a dramatic turn when Milly notices a change in their handwriting and a numbness in their fingers. After a series of tests, their worst fears are confirmed and, at the age of 47, Milly is diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.
Holding to their promise of "in sickness and in health," Mort changes their focus from being a die-hard careerist to becoming a devoted caregiver and Parkinson's advocate and the love between the couple grows stronger. As their illness progresses, their life becomes committed to saving Milly."
Cast
Madeleine Stowe as Milly
Bruce Greenwood as Mort Kondracke
Robert Wisden as Fred Barnes
Claudia Ferri as Norma Alvarado
Rob LaBelle as Mark
Brenda Campbell as Joan Samuelson
Kyla Wise as Andrea Kondracke (as Kyla Anderson)
Erica Carroll as Alexandra Kondracke
Kylee Dubois as Alexandra Kondracke (Age 16) (as Kyle Dubois)
Jessica Lowndes as Andrea Kondracke (Age 15)
Jose Del Buey as Carlos
Dan Joffre as Tony Hot Dog (as David 'Dan' Joffre)
Leah Cairns as Senator's Aide
Susan Hogan as Senator Bates
Michael J. Fox as Himself (Uncredited)
Allison Hossack
Reception
The film received a positive review from The New York Times.
Awards and nominations
2005 Humanitas Prize - Nominated - Jeff Arch for 90 Minute or Longer Category
2005 Imagen Award - Won - Madeleine Stowe for Best Actress - Television
References
External links
2005 drama films
2005 television films
2005 films
CBS network films
Films scored by Lee Holdridge
Films directed by Dan Curtis
American drama television films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Francis Albert Hazelbaker (February 15, 1878 – July 6, 1939) was an American politician in the state of Montana who served as Lieutenant Governor of Montana from 1929 to 1933. They also served in the Montana State Senate and was the Republican candidate for governor in 1932 and 1936, losing narrowly each time.
Hazelbaker was the Secretary of the Commission overseeing Montana's representation at the Panama–California Exposition in San Francisco (1915-7) and represented the Commission at the exposition. They had previously overseen the agricultural displays at the Montana state fair.
Hazelbaker was allergic to bee stings and died after being stung.
Hazelbaker married Carrie Eveline Woodworth (1887-1919), daughter of rancher and state legislator George E. Woodworth, in 1905; their son Frank W. Hazelbaker (1912-1990) also served in the state legislature. After Carrie's death of pneumonia during the Spanish flu pandemic, Hazelbaker married Lois Brown Brantly (1894-1972), the daughter of Theodore M. Brantley, the Chief Justice of the Montana Supreme Court; they had one son, Theodore Brantley Hazelbaker (1930-2006), who served several terms as chairperson of the Montana state board of education.
References
1878 births
1939 deaths
Lieutenant Governors of Montana
Montana Republicans
Montana state senators
People from Dillon, Montana
People from Linn County, Kansas
Deaths from anaphylaxis
Jacob van der Does (4 March 1623, in Amsterdam buried 17 November 1673, in Sloten) was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter.
Biography
Van der Does was the son of the secretary of the Amsterdam city council. They were more attracted to the arts than to note-taking, and went to study drawing with Claes Corneliszoon Moeyaert. They left at 21 to go to France, and from there on foot to Italy. In Rome they joined the Bentvueghels and was dubbed Tamboer, which means drummerboy, since they were somewhat short and had been meant for the military life. They studied with Pieter van Laer (Bamboots). When they eventually returned North, they settled in The Hague where they married Margaretha Boortens and got 4 sons and a daughter. Their wife died in 1661. Houbraken liked their natural style of painting, and especially their way of painting sheep was very admirable.
Their wife's sister was Maria Boortens, and they both were good artists themselves. All three of them made drawings for the album of the wealthy Hague diplomat Cornelis de Glarges in 1659. Through Maria Boortens, Jacob van der Does was connected to Jacob van Campen and Adriaen van Nieulandt the younger. They became involved in the Guild of St. Luke in The Hague. They were one of the founders of the Confrerie Pictura in 1656. Their pupils were Theodor Bernoille, Marcus de Bye, Gamaliel Day, Alexander Havelaer, Anthony Schinckels, and their sons Jacob II and Simon van der Does.
References
Jacob van der Does on artnet
Jacob van der Does at the Netherlands Institute for Art History.
External links
1623 births
1673 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Painters from Amsterdam
Painters from The Hague
Members of the Bentvueghels
The Fort Lauderdale Florida Temple is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Davie near Fort Lauderdale, Florida. It is the 143rd temple of the LDS Church.
History
The announcement that a temple would be built in south Florida was made by church president Thomas S. Monson on October 3, 2009, during the church's semi-annual general conference. The temple was announced concurrently with the Brigham City Utah, Concepción Chile, Fortaleza Brazil and Sapporo Japan temples. It is the second temple constructed in Florida and the first in the heavily populated southern part of the state. The state's other temple, in Orlando, was completed in 1994.
Subsequent to the announcement, a local church official indicated that the temple would likely be constructed somewhere in western Broward County rather than within the city of Fort Lauderdale itself. No specific location was disclosed.
Ground was broken on June 18, 2011. A public open house took place from March 29 to April 19, 2014. The temple was formally dedicated on May 4, 2014, by Dieter F. Uchtdorf of the church's First Presidency. The temple is designed to serve an estimated 25,000 church members in South Florida.
The temple was given a 2014 South-East Engineering Award for best built building.
In 2020, the Fort Lauderdale Florida Temple was closed in response to the coronavirus pandemic.
See also
Comparison of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by geographic region
Temple architecture (Latter-day Saints)
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Florida
References
External links
Fort Lauderdale Florida Temple Official site
Fort Lauderdale Florida Temple at ChurchofJesusChristTemples.org
21st-century Latter Day Saint temples
Buildings and structures in Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Temples (LDS Church) in Florida
Religious buildings and structures completed in 2014
2014 establishments in Florida
2014 in Christianity
Christopher Barrett Doohan (born June 28, 1959) is a Canadian actor, one of twin sons of Star Trek actor James Doohan. Chris and their brother, Montgomery, made uncredited appearances as background extras in the first franchise movie: Star Trek: The Motion Picture.
Upon hearing that the role of Montgomery Scott would be recast for J. J. Abrams' film, Star Trek fans started a campaign asking other fans to write to Paramount Pictures in an attempt to persuade the studio and the filmmakers to allow either of the two brothers to play their father's role in the film, or, at the very least, to be extras in the film as they were for The Motion Picture.
The role of Scotty in the new film went to British actor Simon Pegg, but on November 5, 2007 it was announced that Doohan had auditioned for a "minor speaking role" in the film. Doohan stated they would not have even been given an audition had it not been for the support of the fans. They appeared alongside Scotty, assisting them in operating the transporter controls during the mission to the Narada. In 2012, it was announced that Chris Doohan won a credited speaking role in Star Trek Into Darkness as a Transport Officer.
In 2012, it was announced that Doohan would play Scotty in Star Trek Continues, a web-based film series. The first episode "Pilgrim of Eternity" premiered at the Phoenix Comicon to a crowd of over 3,500 fans. With most of the cast in attendance, they signed posters in the lobby for almost three hours. The second episode, "Lolani", premiered in March 2014 at the Dallas, Texas Comic Con. The episode also stars Lou Ferrigno and Erin Gray. They also appear as Scotty in Star Trek Online, with a major appearance in the "Agents of Yesterday" expansion pack released in July 2016.
Partial filmography
Film
Star Trek: The Motion Picture (1979) - Enterprise Crewmember (uncredited)
Star Trek (2009) - Starfleet Officer (uncredited)
Star Trek Into Darkness (2013) - Transport Officer
Star Trek Continues (web series, 2013–2017) - Montgomery "Scotty" Scott
Video games
Star Trek Online - Montgomery "Scotty" Scott
References
External links
Chris Doohan on Myspace
1959 births
Canadian male film actors
Canadian male television actors
Canadian people of Irish descent
Canadian people of Northern Ireland descent
Living people
Male actors from Toronto
Mick Weaver (born 16 June 1944, Bolton, Lancashire, England) is an English session musician, best known for their playing of the Hammond B3 organ, and as an exponent of the blues and funk.
Career
Weaver's band performed as Wynder K. Frog and became popular on the student union and club circuit of the mid 1960s. A brief merging of this band with Herbie Goins and the Night-Timers took their work to a higher level. Wynder K. Frogg — they are billed under this spelling — appeared on the bill at the Saville Theatre, London on 24 September 1967, supporting Traffic on their first UK presentation. Also on the bill were Jackie Edwards and Nirvana. The compare was David Symonds.
When Steve Winwood left Traffic to form Blind Faith, Weaver was recruited to replace them and Traffic became Mason, Capaldi, Wood and Frog, soon shortened to Wooden Frog. They played a few gigs before dissolving three months later when Traffic reformed. After this they recorded with solo artists such as Buddy Guy, Dave Gilmour, Joe Cocker, Eric Burdon, Frankie Miller, Roger Chapman, Steve Marriott and Gary Moore as well as Taj Mahal and The Blues Band, also playing keyboards with Steve Marriott's Majik Mijits.
Discography
As Wynder K. Frog
Sunshine Super Frog (1967)
Credits
All tracks featured Mick Weaver as Wynder K. Frog, playing a Hammond B3 organ and were recorded in London playing over backing tapes by unnamed session musicians from New York City. In the album liner notes Jimmy Miller noted that Weaver had "supplemented the band with trumpet, tenor sax, guitar, bass and drums, Wynder has transformed the organ into a highly enjoyable medium of sound, combining jazzy finesse with popular and commercial phrasing suitable for vast appeal".
Out of the Frying Pan (1968)
Credits
Mick Weaver – keyboards
Dick Heckstall-Smith – saxophone
Neil Hubbard – guitar
Alan Spenner – bass
Chris Mercer – saxophone
Bruce Rowland – drums
Ron Carthy – horn
Rebop Kwaku Baah – percussion
Into the Fire (1970)
Into the Fire was released only in the US, after the band had dissolved. Unlike the previous albums of mostly covers, the liner notes here state that the songs were, "composed specifically for the Frog style of musical interpretation, ranging far in beat, tempo and mood".
Credits
Mick Weaver – keyboards
Rocky Dzidzornu – percussion
Neil Hubbard – guitar
Chris Mercer – saxophone
Shawn Phillips – guitar and vocals (on "Eddie's Tune" only)
Bruce Rowland – drums
Alan Spenner – bass
In 2018, RPM/Cherry Red Records released a triple-CD box set, entitled Wynder K. Frog. Shook, Shimmy and Shake. The Complete Recordings 1966–1970, including all the above recordings, plus 12 bonus tracks, previously unissued. There were four on the second CD and nine on the third CD, and a 26 page booklet with extensive liner notes and photos. The bonus tracks on the second CD are: 14. "Jumping' Jack Flash" (Mono Version); 15. "Baldy"; 16. "Dancing Frog" (Stereo Version); and 17. "Blues For A Frog" (Stereo Version). On the third CD, the bonus tracks are: 9. "Happy Jack"; 10. "We Can Work It Out"; 11. "Funky Broadway"; 12. "Loving You Is Sweeter Than Ever"; 13. "A Memory Of Bruce"; 14. "The House That Jack Built"; 15. "I'll Go Crazy"; 16. "Tequila"; 17. "Baldy".
As a session musician
References
Bibliography
Joynson, Vernon. The Tapestry of Delights – The Comprehensive Guide to British Music of the Beat, R&B, Psychedelic and Progressive Eras 1963–1976. Borderline (2006). Reprinted (2008).
Paolo Hewitt John Hellier (2004). Steve Marriott - All Too Beautiful.... Helter Skelter Publishing
External links
1944 births
Living people
English blues musicians
English rock musicians
English rock keyboardists
English session musicians
Progressive rock musicians
People from Bolton
Island Records artists
Fat Mattress members
Escharen is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant. It is located in the former municipality of Grave. Since 2022 it has been part of the new municipality of Land van Cuijk.
History
The village was first mentioned between 1200 and 1225 as Escre, and means "sandy ridge".
The St Lambert's Church was built between 1863 and 1865 as a replacement of an earlier church. It was extended in 1930. The town hall was built in 1876 in neoclassic style. The stepped gable was added around 1900.
Escharen was home to 244 people in 1840. Escharen was a separate municipality until 1942, when its territory was divided between Grave and Mill en Sint Hubert. In 2022, it became part of Land van Cuijk.
Gallery
References
External links
Populated places in North Brabant
Former municipalities of North Brabant
Geography of Land van Cuijk
Better Man is a four-part Australian television biopic mini-series which originally screened on SBS TV on 25 July 2013, and replayed in February 2014. It was written and directed by Khoa Do and produced by Stephen Corvini. It starred David Wenham, Bryan Brown, Claudia Karvan and newcomer Remy Hii. According to SBS, Better Man had the most "star studded lineup" in the network's history.
Synopsis
Better Man is based on the true story of Van Tuong Nguyen, a 25-year-old Vietnamese-Australian man who was arrested in Singapore, convicted of drug trafficking and sentenced to death in 2005.
The series follows the story of a young man who had a tough but loving upbringing with their twin brother and devoted mother. The story culminates in an extraordinary three-year legal battle to save the life of Nguyen, led by Julian McMahon, a Melbourne lawyer, and Lex Lasry , a Melbourne barrister.
Cast
Remy Hii as Van Tuong Nguyen
David Wenham as Julian McMahon
Bryan Brown as Lex Lasry
Jordan Rodrigues as Khoa Nguyen
Hien Nguyen (real life mother of Khoa Do) as Kim Nguyen
Claudia Karvan as McMahon's wife Bernadette
Aileen Huynh as Kelly Ng
Carmel Rose as Rachel
Sachin Joab as Inspector Ramesh
Felino Dolloso as Alan
Terry Lim as father Giang.
Mahesh Jadu as Shanmugam Murugesu
Edwina Royce as the McMahons' daughter Angie
Nhung Kate as Vy, Van Tuong Nguyen's lover
Production
Development
Better Man was researched and developed by Stephen Corvini, Khoa Do and Timothy Hobart for over three years prior to the series's production. Van's lawyer Julian McMahon was a consultant on the miniseries as were Van's closest confidantes prior to their execution, their best friends Kelly Ng, Bronwyn Lew, and Goldgan Ng. All four had been present during Van's final visit.
Better Man was written by Do based on extensive interviews, Van's personal letters, court transcripts, their arrest statements and their clemency appeal.
Filming
Production and filming took place in Melbourne, Australia and Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam Oct - Dec 2012. Scenes depicting Singapore Changi Airport, Changi Prison and the courtroom in the High Court of Singapore, among other settings, were all filmed in Melbourne with the Cambodian and Vietnamese scenes being filmed in Vietnam.
Episodes
Controversy
Van Tuong Nguyen's family had stated that the series had "reopened old wounds", and their mother, Kim, had declined to contribute to the development of the project and called for the filmmaker to drop the project. Additionally, Lex Lasry, who acted as a lawyer for Nguyen prior to their execution in 2005, condemned the series, calling it an "untruthful soap opera" and saying that it continued to cause stress to the family. Subsequently, SBS inserted a disclaimer stating that the Nguyen family "had no direct participation" in filming of the movie.
Reception
Better Man received glowing reviews, with critics commenting on the exceptional performances of the cast and the gripping nature of Do's storytelling. David Knox in TV Tonight called the show "the best local drama of the year", Dianne Butler in The Herald Sun praised it as "the most gripping TV drama of the year", The Australian's Lyndall Crisp selected Better Man as its "pick of the week" and mentioned that Better Man was "harrowing but well worth watching". The Sydney Morning Herald's Gordon Farrer also selected Better Man as its "Show of the Week" and praised the production, stating that Better Man's "script is sharp and moving; the direction is confident and effective. This is a moving story that gains power from the telling. Compulsory viewing". TV Tonight also listed Better Man in its "Top 5 Shows of 2013", and ranked it number one in Australian television shows for the year.
See also
Schapelle (TV film)
Footy Legends
Schapelle Corby
Bali Nine
Devil's Dust
References
External links
Special Broadcasting Service original programming
2013 Australian television series debuts
2010s Australian crime television series
2010s Australian drama television series
The Curiosity of Chance is a 2006 comedy film directed by Russell P. Marleau, produced by Bigfoot Entertainment and starring Tad Hilgenbrink.
Plot
In the 1980s Europe, flamboyant and gay 16-year-old Chance Marquis shows up at an international high school in a top hat and tails, immediately attracting the attention of the "queer-hating" resident bully, among others. Through their involvement in the school newspaper, they meet an introverted photographer with a mysterious briefcase, and while practicing tennis, they befriend a catty fashionista, both of whom act as their wingmen in their new high school. They also meet the jock-next-door, with whom they form a tentative friendship, despite the jock's cacophonous group of friends. The film follows Chance through a year of high school, with its attendant drama, successes, and hijinks—including sneaking into a drag bar, where Chance begins to explore their true self.
Themes underscored throughout the film include facing one's fears as one grows into adulthood, and the barriers that people put up in order to cope with life. Chance claims to be strong with their nonchalant attitude, but when photos of them in drag show up all over school, Chance must face their own preachings of staying true to oneself.
Cast
Tad Hilgenbrink as Chance Marquis
Brett Chukerman as Levi Sparks
Aldevina Da Silva as Twyla Tiller
Pieter Van Nieuwenhuyze as Hank Hudson
Chris Mulkey as Sir
Maxim Maes as Brad Harden
Colleen Cameron as Sienna Marquis
Magali Uytterhaegen as Vice Principal Ophelia Smelker
Accolades
Winner "Best Narrative Feature" at The Chicago LGBT International Film Festival - Chicago, IL 2007
Winner "Best New Director" at Seattle Lesbian & Gay Film Festival - Seattle, WA 2006
Honorable Mention "Best Music in a Feature Film" at Nashville Film Festival - Nashville, TN 2007
Chosen as one of the Audience's and Critic's "Best of the Fest" at the Palm Springs International Film Festival - Palm Springs, CA 2007
See also
List of lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender-related films by storyline
Cross-dressing in film and television
References
External links
Distributor's site
2006 comedy films
2006 LGBT-related films
2006 films
American comedy films
American LGBT-related films
American teen films
Belgian LGBT-related films
Cross-dressing in American films
English-language Belgian films
Films set in Europe
Films set in the 1980s
Films shot in Antwerp
American independent films
LGBT-related comedy films
Belgian independent films
Gay-related films
Drag (clothing)-related films
LGBT-related coming-of-age films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Qameshlu (, also Romanized as Qameshlū) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Malard County
Sir William Munro of Foulis (died 1505) was a Scottish Knight and Scottish clan chief of the highland Clan Munro.  They are by tradition the 12th Baron of Foulis and 15th overall chief of the clan. However, they are actually only the 5th chief of the Clan Munro who can be proved by contemporary evidence.
Early life
William Munro was the eldest son of John Munro, 11th Baron of Foulis, a Crown Chamberlain. As heir to their father, they were given sasine of their lands in 1491 as recorded by contemporary documents, the Munro Writs of Foulis. William Munro is said to have been knighted by king James IV of Scotland and appears in a document as "Sir" William in 1503. Sir William Munro was the king's Lieutenant and Justicary of Inverness and the Earldom Ross.
Clan battles
There are two traditional stories of clan battles involving the Clan Munro during William's chieftaincy. Both are called the Battle of Drumchatt but there does not appear to be any contemporary evidence for either of the battles.
The first is said to have taken place in 1497 when Alexander MacDonald of Lochalsh rebelled against the king. They invaded Rosshire and was defeated in battle at Drumchatt by the Munros and Mackenzies, who were the king's allies. This version of events is recorded by early 19th-century historian Donald Gregory and seems to be accepted by modern historians. However, late 19th-century historian Alexander Mackenzie disputes the Munro's presence at the battle.
The second battle at Drumchatt is said to have taken place in 1501 and was fought between the Munros and Mackenzies. According to Alexander Mackenzie, Sir William Munro led a force of 900 men to attack the Mackenzies but were defeated by just 140 Mackenzies. However, there is no historical evidence for this story.
Rebellion of Donald Dubh
In the early 16th century Donald Dubh, chief of Clan Donald rebelled against the king. The Clan Donald chiefs were no longer Earls of Ross or Lords of the Isles. Sir William Munro of Foulis was commissioned to let the King's lands of Lochaber and Mamore to "true men," as recorded in the Register of the Privy Seal of Scotland, 21 March 1501/02. The Earl of Huntly, chief of Clan Gordon and Lord Lovat, chief of Clan Fraser of Lovat were also ordered to proceed against the rebels. Cameron of Lochiel, chief of Clan Cameron supported the rebel Donald Dubh. Sir William Munro was slain by Cameron of Lochiel at Achnashellach in 1505. Clan Cameron tradition is that they defeated a joint force from the Clan Munro and Clan Mackay at the Battle of Achnashellach.
One 17th-century account states that William was killed by treachery: William Munro of Foulis, a knight most valiant for leading an army at the command of the King against certain factious northern men, they perished by treachery.
Another historian from the early 18th century states that Munro was killed by Cameron, adding that: "the house was surrounded and refused to surrender".
Family
Sir William Munro of Foulis had married Anne, daughter of Lachlan Og Maclean of Duart Castle, chief of Clan Maclean. They had three children:
Hector Munro, 13th Baron of Foulis (heir and successor as chief of the Clan Munro).
William Munro, Vicar of Dingwall.
Margaret Munro.
References
William
Scottish knights
People from Ross and Cromarty
1505 deaths
Year of birth unknown
K. N. A Khader is a member of 13th Kerala Legislative Assembly.  They are a member of Indian Union Muslim League and represents Vengara constituency. They were previously elected to Kerala Legislative Assembly in 2001 representing Kondotty constituency.
Political life
They started their political career in 1970 through students' movements. In 1987, they joined IUML party. They became the state secretary of IUML and now is the Malappuram District Secretary of IUML.
Positions held
State President and Secretary, A.I.S.F. and member of its National Executive Committee
Malappuram District Secretary and State Committee member, C.P.I.
Member and Vice President of Malappuram District Council and Muslim League Malappuram District Secretary
Muslim League State Secretariat Member
State President, S.T.U
Member, Regional Transport Authority
National Savings Scheme Advisory Committee, Kerala Wakf Board
Kerala State Library Council Malappuram District President
Chairman Mahakavi Moyinkutty Vaidyar Smaraka Committee
Chairman, Serifed
General Secretary Muslim league, Malappuram District Committee 2016-continues
Candidate, Vengara by-election 2017
Personal life
 They are the son of Alavi Musliyar K N and Elachola Aysha. They were born at Vadakkemanna on January 1, 1950.  They are a BA.LLB. degree holder.  They are an advocate and notary public.
See also
Bahauddeen Muhammed Jamaluddeen Nadwi
References
Members of the Kerala Legislative Assembly
Indian Union Muslim League politicians
1950 births
Living people
Lasiococca is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described in 1887. These are small to relatively large trees (up to 8 m high) found in scrubs or semi-evergreen forests. They grow in India, Indochina, Southeast Asia, and southern China.
Species
Lasiococca brevipes (Merr.) Welzen & S.E.C.Sierra (syn L. malaccensis) - Peninsular Malaysia, Philippines, Lesser Sunda Islands, Sulawesi
Lasiococca chanii Thin - Vietnam
Lasiococca comberi Haines - Hainan, Yunnan, Vietnam, Thailand, E India
Lasiococca locii Thin - Vietnam
Lasiococca symphylliifolia (Kurz) Hook.f. - Sikkim
References
Acalypheae
Euphorbiaceae genera
Richard Balderston was a priest and academic in the sixteenth century.
Balderston was born in Guisborough. They graduated B.A. from the University of Cambridge in 1488 and M.A. in 1491. They were ordained in 1493 and held livings at Campsall and Coton. They were Master of St Catharine's from 1506 to their death in 1507.
References
Fellows of St Catharine's College, Cambridge
Masters of St Catharine's College, Cambridge
People from Cumberland
1507 deaths
People from Guisborough
Herbert Taylor may refer to:
Herbert Taylor (British Army officer) (1775–1839), British general and politician
Herbert Taylor (Australian politician) (1885–1970), Australian political party organiser
Herb Taylor (American football) (born 1984), football player
Herbert J. Taylor (1893–1978), American Rotarian
Herbie Taylor (1889–1973), South African cricketer
Herbert Taylor (English cricketer) (1910–93)
Herbert Taylor (speed skater) (1906–1981), American Olympic speed skater
Herbert Taylor (swimmer) (1892–1965), American swimmer and water polo player
Herbert Hudson Taylor (1861–1950), British Protestant Christian missionary to China
Herbert W. Taylor (1869–1931), American Republican Party politician
J. Herbert Taylor, American molecular biologist and geneticist
See also
Bert Taylor (disambiguation)
Élisabeth Haussard (1700 in Paris – 1804) was a French scientific illustrator and engraver.
Biography
Élisabeth Haussard was born the youngest daughter of the family of engraver Jean-Baptiste Haussard. Along with their older sister Catherine, they took part in illustrating scientific and technical works, specialising in engraving legends and labels for geographical maps.
Them signature may take the form : « E Haussard », « El Haussard », « Elis haussard », « E. Haußard », etc.
Works
Élisabeth Haussard partly illustrated the following works :
with fifteen illustrated pages, two by Élisabeth Haussard.
with 42 illustrated pages, including five by Élisabeth Haussard.
with six illustrated pages, including one by Élisabeth Haussard.
with 382 illustrated pages, including numbers 19 and 20 by Élisabeth Haussard.
with 72 illustrated pages, including 7 by Élisabeth Haussard.
Gallery
References
18th-century French engravers
Women engravers
1700 births
1804 deaths
USCGC Cape Upright was United States Coast Guard steel-hulled patrol boat of the 95-Foot or Cape class.
Service
1953: From here stationed at Norfolk, Virginia, to 1960 and was used for law enforcement (LE) and Search and Rescue (SAR) operations.
1961: From here to 1969, stationed at Southport, North Carolina where they were again used for LE and participated in many SAR operations. Cape Upright participated in the recovery of a U.S. Navy seaman's body whose helicopter crashed off Frying Pan Shoals Light Tower in January 1967. Three crew members were recovered alive and another went down with the helicopter
29 April 1969, medevaced a crewman from F/V Thalia.
28 July 1969: towed the disabled schooner Chauve Souris 19 miles west of Frying Pan Light Tower to Southport, NC.
24 December 1969: towed the disabled F/V Dream One 45 miles east of Wrightsville Beach, North Carolina.
1970: From here to 1973, was stationed at Wrightsville Beach, NC, being used again for LE and SAR operations.
31 July 1970, towed the disabled sailboat Pandora 35 miles southeast of Cape Fear to Wrightsville Beach.
1974: From here to 1976, was held for transfer to Lebanon under the Military Assistance Program.
1976-1977: underwent major renovation at the Coast Guard Yard, Curtis Bay, Maryland.
1978 to 1989: was stationed at Savannah, Georgia, and was used for LE and SAR operations.
10 September 1982: helped seize M/V Mont Boron, which was suspected of drug smuggling off Florida.
28 November 1982: seized the Cayman Island vessel Largo Izabel carrying 30 tons of marijuana after stopping them with gunfire.
18 November 1986: seized a speedboat in the Straits of Florida with marijuana on board.
21 November 1986: seized M/V Don Yeyo 120 miles east of Miami, Florida, carrying 12 tons of marijuana.
Transfer
Cape Upright was transferred to The Bahamas 10 June 1989 and renamed David Tucker (P07).
Decommissioning
David Tucker (P07) was decommissioned in 1996 and donated to be sunk as an artificial reef in 1997 as part of Nassau's artificial reef program. A popular dive spot; it is located along an area known as Clifton Wall.
References
Upright
Cape-class cutters of the Royal Bahamas Defence Force
Ships sunk as artificial reefs
Maritime incidents in 1997
Ships built by the United States Coast Guard Yard
Shipwrecks of the Bahamas
The gardens of the rotonda is a terraced garden, situated close to the historical centre of Padua, behind the sixteenth century wall and the Rampart of the Cat.
History
The name is connected to an episode which occurred during the 1509 siege by the German King Maximilian I during the War of the League of Cambrai. According to legend, a cat was flayed alive to frighten the enemy with its screams. A sculpture of a cat jutting out of a niche was placed on the outer part of the tower facing Codalunga Street in order to commemorate this event, as well as symbolize the freedom of the people of Padua.
The garden is so called because it was planned around the area where a monumental suspended tank with a circular shaped base was built.
It is the first water tank to be built in Padua, a prestigious work of engineering dating back to the 1920s. It can hold 200 cubic metres (44,000 gallons) of water and was considered not only the best aqueduct in Italy but also one of the best water tanks in Europe.
It is also remarkable as regards the construction materials since it is one of the earliest examples of the use of concrete in Padua. The decision to build the water tank and Codalunga water power plant just on this spot was due to the following events:
On 11 November an Austrian bomb exploded killing 96 inhabitants who had hidden inside the gunners which were considered safe shelters.
On 29 October a bomb, dropped from a plane in 1918 but unexploded until then, went off and destroyed the electric power plant causing serious water supply problems to the city.
Description of the garden
The space between the water reservoir and the wall was used for a public garden, inaugurated in 1925 and named della Rotonda. To enter the garden one cross a stepped path starting from Vicolo Mazzini and continuing parallel to Viale della Rotonda. The path is characterized by five balconies with a circular fountain in the centre and each balcony is framed by a simple ring of grass. The presence of many fountains is due to the presence of the water reservoir. In every fountain there are many water-lilies which fill the visitors with a sense of pleasure and serenity.
Every terrace is separated from the next by gardens and gravel paths shaped like a circular geometric garden with an axis perpendicular to the water reservoir. The style of the Rotonda Garden is a mixture of Liberty and Classicism but it also presents features of the 20th century. The architectural style recalls the late baroque, but it is also rich in classical references, for example the flower urns and the tower mausoleum are carried out with a secessionist taste, while the shape of the flower beds, (round elliptic and drop-like), are typically liberty. In the flower beds are low bushes that are reminiscent of palms and agaves. At first the garden was apparently meant to hold few shrubby plants to be exposed to the light so as to put the main elements in contact with the water of the garden.
At present the garden is being neglected and the trees that live here have no intrinsic value. These trees represent a serious problem for the masonry banks because their roots push on them.
The main entrance is characterized by an imposing wrought-iron railing in liberty style. The garden has and overturned- L-shape which proceeds long and narrow in the balcony and terraces and widens at the end of these, where the water reservoir is situated. On it there are geometric elements in the lower part, floral decorations in the central park and Padua coat of arms in the upper part.
At the bottom of the garden there is the stately water reservoir; its main fountain, which has a temple form, is close to a strong terraced wall structure. Inside there are some circular pilasters connected to each other by means of perimeterl and radial concrete arches, disposed on two overlapping floors because they have to support the suspended water reservoir properly.
The story of the aqueduct started on 26 August 1875, when the Mayor said
“water is so vital to man and society, like air and light, that an abundance of water distribution and a regular distribution to the whole city, deserve to be fully kept alive in the citizens' memories”.
Following study, water from the Brenta and Bacchiglione rivers was excluded owing to their torpidity and bacterial counts, instead water of Dueville source was chosen. On 17 February 1886, the Padua town hall granted the management of the new aqueduct to Società Veneta per Imprese and Costruzioni Pubbliche. On 13 1888 in Unità d' Italia Square, the much expected event took place: in front of an exulting crowd of Paduans the first pure water flow was raised. The water transport from Dueville was carried out by means of an underground supply long made of concrete and bricks, thoroughly plastered in order to ensure the complete isolation from external agents; this supply is still working. The reservoir, however, did not slacken the use of wells by Paduans, who avoided the costly aqueduct water. This bankrupted the Società Veneta administration. Accordingly, the commune, in 1892, decided to manage the service on its own through a special town hall authority.
This office ceased its activity in 1904 when the town hall administration decided to combine the water and the gas service. Two Municipal Companies were set up and these merged into one in 1984, when the AMAG or Azienda Municipalizzata Acqua-Gas of Padua was established.
The reservoir
Construction of the "Rotonda" building, located at the corner of Via Citolo da Perugina, was begun on 21 September 1923. It was planned for dual functions: first as an elevated water tank and second, as to house in its base a chapel commemorating certain refugees killed in the recent world war. Its round shape resembles the Ancient Roman Tomb of Caecilia Metella in Rome.
The aqueduct monumental reservoir is high; at the base, a small chapel was in memory of refugees from Padua, looking for shelter in the nearby courtyard of the Burlini family's house, and who died during an Austrian aerial bombardment during the war. Around the base is an inscription recalling the event:
“ SANGUINEM OLIM ATROCITER EFFUSUM AQUA PIE DEFLUENS LAVET MOLES IN CAELUM PROFERAT PERPETUO”.
On the reservoir, there is also the tombstone of Mr Andrea Moschetti, with the following inscription:
“Il martirio di 93 innocenti (....) salga a Dio olocausto perenne di futura grandezza alla patria di un nuovo patto d'amore tra i popoli”, it can be translated as: “May the torture of 93 innocent persons reach God as eternal holocaust and a new pact of love among the peoples.”
The reservoir aimed mainly to increase the daytime water availability by collecting it during the night. While its external shape recalls an ancient Roman mausoleum, the inside was technically innovating for its days. The essential lines that show the main structures, are so modern that it seems as if they are drawing the route of the water while falling down to the ground floor and into the earth.
The aqueduct
According to the increasing need of water during the time period up to Second World War, water had been taken from the water-layer of the town of Dueville.
After the war, this system was not efficient enough anymore, and the lack of water became a serious problem. Consequently, studies and projects to sort out this matter became more intensive, and from the year 1955 the Town Hall Council of Padua decreed to devise the construction of the “New Aqueduct”.
The most important action was building a second water-supplier called the “900 metres Conveyance”; whose construction was ended in 1961.
In the meantime, in order to cope with water emergency situations an auxiliary aqueduct was also built; it consisted in a system for purifying the superficial water of the river Brentella, which partially overcame the shortage of water complained by the citizens.
Afterwards relevant actions were taken in order to improve the efficiency and the functionality of the whole water system in Padua.
Among the many actions taken, we can mention the following most important ones:
the drill of new wells in the area of Vicenza;
the duplication of some parts of the water conveyors bringing the water in the 900 mm (3') Conveyance;
the discovery of underground water layers in the area of Brentelle di Sopra (near Padua), the realization of pertinent works and a new drinkable water transportation system, thanks to the new aqueduct of the town of Anconeta (Vicenza);
the contemporary realization of a new huge reservoir, the new central aqueducts in the area of Brentelle, Montà and Stanga;
the reinforcement of the main water conveyors;
the substitution of the old steel distribution pipes with some new ones made in the same material but covered with fibro-concrete, in order to avoid the corrosion caused by electro-chemical agents.
the automation of the receiving, accumulation, elevation and distribution systems.
Padua aqueduct contributed to solve the problems related to water supply of some smaller distribution authorities.
The following are the most significant data concerning the aqueduct management:
water supply ... 45,000,000m3/per year (9,900 million gallons),
maximum output volume ... 148,000m3/per year (32.5 million gallons),
number users served ...92,000,
length of pipes ... ,
number of employees ... 245.
Water quality
The water arrives to the receiving system after undergoing a long natural conditioning process in the deeper layers. The most varied rock fragments melt and shed their salts into the water, mineralising it. Therefore, Padua waters are classified as “medium-mineral” waters. The AMAG company has been dealing with the disinfection treatment of the waters introduced into the pipes since its start.
Despite concerns in the 21st century about water quality; however the water is tested and drinkable according to legal standards, so much so that the administration is currently planning to build some cleaning up systems to keep the water within optimum quality standards.
Rotunda Padua
Buildings and structures in Padua
Monuments and memorials in Padua
The Cleveland Quartet was a string quartet founded in 1969 by violinist Donald Weilerstein, at the time an instructor at the Cleveland Institute of Music, whose director Victor Babin had secured funding for an in-resident quartet (the institute's first) to be headed by Weilerstein. Weilerstein formed the group that summer at the Marlboro Music School and Festival with violinist Peter Salaff, violist Martha Strongin Katz, and cellist Paul Katz. The group was initially called the "New Cleveland Quartet." In 1971, the group left the Cleveland Institute because of disagreements over teaching loads and took up residency at the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York; they dropped the word "New" from their name at this time. In 1976, the quartet made their final change of residency and moved to the Eastman School of Music in Rochester, New York.
The quartet had three personnel changes: violist Atar Arad replaced Strongin Katz in 1980; violist James Dunham then replaced Arad in 1987; and William Preucil replaced Weilerstein as first violin in 1989. The quartet disbanded in 1995. Preucil became concertmaster of the Cleveland Orchestra, a position they held until 2018, when they were fired for sexual misconduct. Paul Katz, Martha Strongin Katz and Donald Weilerstein are on the faculty of the New England Conservatory of Music, and Weilerstein performs in a trio with their wife Vivian Hornik Weilerstein and their daughter, cellist Alisa Weilerstein; Peter Salaff was on the faculty of the Cleveland Institute of Music through the summer of 2018; Atar Arad teaches at the Jacobs School of Music at Indiana University; and James Dunham teaches at the Shepherd School of Music at Rice University. The quartet recorded prodigiously for RCA Red Seal and the Cleveland-based Telarc label.
References
External links
Official site (Adobe Flash)
The Cleveland String Quartet records, 1965-2001 Music Division, The New York Public Library.
Grammy Award winners
Musical groups established in 1969
American string quartets
Musical groups disestablished in 1995
Musical groups from Cleveland
Dodovic Owiny (born 8 May 1954) is a Ugandan boxer. They competed in the men's heavyweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics. In their first fight, they beat Michael Kenny of New Zealand, before losing to Willie deWit of Canada in the next round.
References
1954 births
Living people
Ugandan male boxers
Olympic boxers of Uganda
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Heavyweight boxers
The Core Issues Trust is a British Christian fundamentalist organisation that focuses on conversion therapy.
Purpose
The Trust offers "psycho-therapeutic" conversion therapy to those who experience unwanted homosexual behaviour and feelings. Core Issues Trust states it believes human sexuality in both men and women is a choice, and that sexual preferences can change. The Trust says it does not consider homosexuality a native human behaviour, but rather a relational or sexual "damage" that causes "deviancy" that may be "cured". The group's leader, Dr. Mike Davidson, describes themselves as ex-gay.
Activities
In June 2011, the Core Issues Trust organized a one-day event in a church in Belfast entitled "Interrogating the Pejoratives: Considering Therapeutic Approaches and Contexts for those Conflicted in Sexual Identity". Some of the topics on the agenda were "How parents can help their children avoid homosexuality" and "A Christian and psychological perspective on overcoming obstacles to freedom from homosexuality". Gay rights groups protested against the Church of Ireland that the event was being held in one of the country's churches.
In April 2012, the organization received media coverage following a public campaign, which included advertisements on London buses claiming that therapy could change sexual orientation, and including the message Not gay! Ex-gay, post-gay and proud. Get over it!. Although the campaign was passed by the Committee of Advertising Practice, it was subsequently banned by then- London Mayor Boris Johnson. The Trust lost an appeal at the Court of Appeal against the ban, although it secured a review of the Mayor's actions. The Trust lodged a further case in the High Court in January 2014, alleging that Johnson had unlawfully used their position to ban the ad. The Court ruled against the Trust, stating that the decision had been made by the Transport for London Board.
In 2018, the Trust released the documentary Voices of the Silenced which follows 15 gay and lesbian people going through conversion therapy. The documentary was criticized by LGBT rights charity Stonewall, who stated "LGBT people aren't ill. Being gay, lesbian, bi or trans is not something that should be 'cured' or changed." Humanists UK stated it contained "outdated religious views about sin and sexuality".
In 2019, the Core Issues Trust produced and promoted the film Once Gay: Matthew and Friends about the X Factor Malta contestant Matthew Grech who announced their renunciation of homosexuality on television. Mike Davidson argued that individuals have the right to "leave unwanted homosexual practices" if they want to. The film sparked protest. Afterwards, Matthew Grech stated in an interview that they still identified as gay.
In May 2020, the National Secular Society lobbied the Northern Ireland Executive over the charitable status of the group, writing "Bogus therapies which encourage people to change or suppress their sexuality are harmful and widely discredited. Those promoting them shouldn't enjoy the tax breaks and public recognition that charitable status brings"
See also
Homosexuality and Christianity
Conversion therapy
References
External links
Official website
Christian organisations based in the United Kingdom
Christian political organizations
Organizations in the ex-gay movement
Lobbying organisations in the United Kingdom
Koriya district, officially known as Korea district, is a district in the north-western part of the Chhattisgarh state in Central India. The administrative headquarters of the district is Baikunthpur.
History
Little is known of the area before the 16th century. Koriya was a princely state of British Empire in India; the other princely state that lay within the Koriya district was Chang Bhakar. After Indian Independence in 1947, the rulers of Koriya and Chang Bhakar acceded to the Union of India on 1 January 1948 and both were made part of Surguja District of Madhya Pradesh state.
The district of Koriya came into existence on May 25, 1998, when it was carved out of Surguja district. After the formation of the new state of Chhattisgarh on November 1, 2000, Koriya District became part of the new state. It is currently a part of the Red Corridor.
Geography
Koriya District lies between 22°56′ and 23°48′ North and 81°56′ and 82°47′ East. It is bounded on the north-west by Manendragarh-Chirmiri-Bharatpur district, on the south by Korba District, on the east by Surajpur District. The area of the district is 5977 km², of which 59.9% is forest area. The district is a vast mass of hill ranges. The general height of the lower tableland is 550 m (1800 feet) above sea level. The Sonhat Plateau has a maximum elevation of 755 m (2477 feet). The highest peak in the district is Deogarh, which is 1027 m (3370 feet) high.
The climate is mild with a monsoon, a mild summer and a bearable winter.
Education
Koriya District known for its educational capacity. Students from the nearby region come to Koriya district for higher education. New Life English School is an English school in Chhattisgarh-Madhya Pradesh region. New Life School is the first school in Central India to provide STEM & Robotics education at School level. It is located at a hill station called Janakpur.
Divisions
Koriya District consists of two subdivisions: Baikunthpur and Sonhat. The district encompasses 653 villages, 3 Janpad Panchayats, 236 garam Panchayats, 2 Nagar Panchayats and 1 municipality.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census Koriya district has a population of 658,917, roughly equal to the nation of Montenegro or the US state of Vermont. This gives it a ranking of 510th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 12.4%. Koriya has a sex ratio of 971 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 71.41%. After bifurcation, the district had a population of 247,427. 29.30% of the population lived in urban areas. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes made up 20,437 (8.30%) and 97,124 (39.25%) of the population respectively.
According to the 2001 census, the total population of the district was 586,327 out of which 51.38% were male and 48.62% were female, 70.2% of this population was rural and 29.8% were urban, 8.2% belonged to the scheduled castes and 44.4% belonged to the scheduled tribes. Literacy rate was 63.1%, the male literacy rate being 75.7% and female literacy being 49.7%.
The original inhabitants of Korea district were the Kols, Gonds and Bhuinhars (Pando). All other communities in the district claim to have come from outside the district. Migration into Korea District was a continuous process. These migrants include the Cherva, Rajwars, Sahu, Ahir, Gwalas, Oraon, Gadaria (Gaderi), Koir, Bargah, Basods, Muslims, Kahars, Kunbi, Kewats, Guptas, Jaiswal, Schedule Caste, Agrawals, and Jains, and panika.
Languages
At the time of the 2011 Census of India, 68.07% of the population in the district spoke Surgujia, 20.62% Hindi, 3.14% Kurukh, 1.74% Chhattisgarhi and 1.12% Bhojpuri as their first language.
Culture
Three community dances, the Karma, Saila and Suva Dance are celebrated mainly in the district during different festivals. The main festivals of India such as Diwali, Dashehra and Holi are also celebrated in Korea District. Some other festivals are also special among the Koriyan communities, such as Ganga Dashera, Charta, Nuakhai and Surhul.
http://korea.gov.in/culture.htm
Tourist places
Main tourist places in the district are as follows:
Guru Ghasidas National Park. It is worth mentioning that after being persecuted in this region, the last known Indian cheetah was sighted in Koriya District in 1951.
Marine Fossil Park, Manendragarh
Karamghongha, Manendragarh
Boridand Junction railway station, located only 8 km from Manendragarh.
Sirouli Temple, Manendragarh
Siddh Baba Temple, Manendragarh
Amritdhara Waterfall, Manendragarh
Hasdeo River, Manendragarh
Ramdaha Waterfall
Gaurghat Waterfall, Tarra, Sonhat
Jagnnath Mandir, West Chirimiri
Jogi Math Kailashpur, Sonhat
Gangi Rani Ramgarh, Sonhat
Rock Painting Badra, Sonhat
Korea Palace, Baikunthpur
Jhumka Dam, Baikunthpur
Gej Dam, Baikunthpur
Aaruni Bandh, Sarbhoka
Shri Karteskwar Shiv Mandir, Kathautiya, Manendragarh
See also
Dr. Sanjay Alung-Chhattisgarh ki Riyaste/Princely stastes aur Jamindariyaa (Vaibhav Prakashan, Raipur1, )
Dr. Sanjay Alung-Chhattisgarh ki Janjaatiyaa/Tribes aur Jatiyaa/Castes (Mansi publication, Delhi6, )
Surguja State
References
External links
Official website
Districts of Chhattisgarh
1998 establishments in Madhya Pradesh
Coal mining districts in India
The 1964 Hounslow Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Hounslow London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Municipal Borough of Brentford and Chiswick, Municipal Borough of Heston and Isleworth and Feltham Urban District. These boroughs and districts were joined to form the new London Borough of Hounslow by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 169 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 20 wards. These included a full slate from the Conservative and Labour parties, while the Liberals stood 45 candidates. Other candidates included 4 from the Communist party. All wards were three-seat wards.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. Labour got all 10 aldermen.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw Labour gain the new council with a majority of 36 after winning 48 of the 60 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 46.7%. This turnout included 1,011 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
Littlehaven railway station serves the areas of Littlehaven, Holbrook and Roffey in the northeast of the town of Horsham, West Sussex, England. It is on the Arun Valley Line, down the line from , measured via Redhill.
History
The London, Brighton and South Coast Railway opened the first part of the line in 1848. However, the stations at Littlehaven, Roffey Road Halt and nearby Ifield were not opened until 1907; Littlehaven opened as Rusper Road Halt and subsequently changed to Littlehaven Crossing Halt and then Littlehaven Halt all within the first year of service. Similarly, Ifield was initially known as Lyons Crossing Halt. Roffey Road Halt closed in 1937.
The station was completely rebuilt with minimal facilities after traffic decreased.
In 2013, work began to extend the platforms to handle 8 carriages (up from 4), which will reduce delays caused by longer trains blocking the road while stopped.
In 2021, platform 2 was extended to handle 12 carriages, to allow passengers to embark and disembark from the whole train without walking down the train, and to avoid trains blocking the road crossing.
Level crossing
There is a level crossing at the eastern (London) end of the platforms, where the line crosses Rusper Road. The crossing gates were considered for replacement with modern barriers in the early 1990s but as there was a history of late passengers running over the crossing to catch their train it was dismissed. Therefore, the adjacent signal box was staffed 24 hours a day. In October 2012 the level crossing was rebuilt and automatic barriers installed to replace the old fashioned gates. This meant that the crossing operator's job was now redundant, with CCTV used to control the crossing from the Three Bridges signal centre. This upgrade was finally made necessary due to a number of incidents of people driving through the wooden gates when closed, resulting in expensive replacement gates having to be constructed.
Facilities
Facilities include disabled access to both platforms via side ramps from the level crossing, and a ticket office on the Horsham-bound platform. Its opening hours are 0640–1334 Monday to Saturday only.
In early 2022, Govia Thameslink Railway intend to close the current ticket office permanently. Ticket vending machines are located on both platforms for customers to purchase tickets. Their sales information highlighted that 96% of pre Covid ticket sales at Littlehaven were purchased via the ticket vending machines.
Services
Thameslink operate all off-peak services at Littlehaven using EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
2 tph to via , and
2 tph to
The station is also served by a limited number of Southern services to , , and .
On Sundays, there is an hourly service in each direction although northbound trains run to London Bridge only.
References
External links
Horsham District
Railway stations in West Sussex
Former London, Brighton and South Coast Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1907
Railway stations in Great Britain served by Govia Thameslink Railway
The Luttrell Arms in Dunster, Somerset, England was built in the late 15th century and is located in the centre of the medieval town of Dunster. The building has been designated as a Grade II* listed building since 22 May 1969. The original building has been enlarged over the years by addition of further wings. It is now used as a hotel.
History
The Luttrell Arms occupies the site of three ancient houses recorded from 1443, when two of them were conveyed to Richard Luttrell by William Dodesham. There is no indication as to the age of these houses at the time, or what part, if any, they take in the building we see today. The building was formerly a guest house for the Abbots of Cleeve Abbey.
Architecture
The Luttrell Arms is a Grade II* listed building and was constructed in the late fifteenth to early sixteenth centuries, with some later additions and alterations. It is built of rubble stone with a slate roof. The original part of the house consists of three storeys, while the porch, at the centre of the front, is two storeys high. Wings of lower height were added to left and right at later dates, and a wing at the rear of the main part once served as the hall. The main doorway has a carved stone heraldic emblem above the outer door opening, moulded stone copings and a saddle stone at the gable. The windows on the main wings are sash windows with glazing bars, mostly single width, but double width to the right and left of the porch. The leaded casement-type windows on the porch have moulded stone mullions. The interior features include a four-centred stone door frame, an oak door frame, an open fireplace, large moulded oak ceiling beams and exposed rafters. A ground floor room has a seventeenth century plaster ceiling and an upper floor room has an open roof of timber with moulded arch braces and purlins.
Luttrell Arms Hotel
The building is now a hotel with twenty-eight bedrooms. In 2016 it was awarded Inn of the Year by The Good Pub Guide, which mentioned the "thoughtfully furnished bedrooms", some of which have four-poster beds, and "stunning architectural features".
References
External links
Houses completed in the 15th century
Grade II* listed buildings in West Somerset
West Somerset
History of Somerset
Grade II* listed pubs in Somerset
Grade II* listed hotels
Too Many Husbands (released in the United Kingdom as My Two Husbands) is a 1940 romantic comedy film about a woman who loses their husband in a boating accident and remarries, only to have their first spouse reappear—yet another variation on the 1864 poem Enoch Arden by Alfred, Lord Tennyson. The film stars Jean Arthur, Fred MacMurray and Melvyn Douglas, and is based on the 1919 play Home and Beauty by W. Somerset Maugham, which was retitled Too Many Husbands when it came to New York. The film was directed by Wesley Ruggles.
A couple of months after Too Many Husbands was released by Columbia, RKO put out a movie that was more popular both then and now, My Favorite Wife, a variation on the story with Cary Grant as the remarried spouse whose former wife Irene Dunne returns from sea. Too Many Husbands was remade as a musical, Three for the Show (1955), with Jack Lemmon and Betty Grable. My Favorite Wife came back yet again as Move Over, Darling (1963), with Doris Day and James Garner after an uncompleted 1962 version entitled Something's Got to Give starring Marilyn Monroe and Dean Martin was aborted upon Monroe's abrupt death.
Synopsis
Vicky Lowndes (Jean Arthur) loses their first husband, Bill Cardew (Fred MacMurray), when they are lost at sea, presumed drowned, and declared legally dead. The lonely widow is comforted by Bill's best friend and publishing business partner, Henry Lowndes (Melvyn Douglas). Six months later, they marry him. Six months after that, Bill shows up, after having been stranded on a uninhabited island and then rescued. Vicky has a tough choice to make.
Cast
Jean Arthur as Vicky Lowndes
Fred MacMurray as Bill Cardew
Melvyn Douglas as Henry Lowndes
Harry Davenport as George, Vicky's father
Dorothy Peterson as Gertrude Houlihan, Henry's secretary
Melville Cooper as Peter, the Lowndes' butler
Edgar Buchanan as Detective Adolph McDermott
Tom Dugan as Lieutenant Sullivan
Nomination
John P. Livadary was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Recording.
See also
My Favorite Wife, another 1940 film, in which it is the wife (played by Irene Dunne) who returns, just as their husband (Cary Grant) embarks on their honeymoon.
Move Over, Darling, the 1963 remake of My Favorite Wife, starring Doris Day, James Garner, and Polly Bergen.
References
External links
1940 films
1940 romantic comedy films
American romantic comedy films
American black-and-white films
Columbia Pictures films
Comedy of remarriage films
American films based on plays
Films based on works by W. Somerset Maugham
Films directed by Wesley Ruggles
Films based on adaptations
Films based on Enoch Arden
Films scored by Friedrich Hollaender
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Dietrich Gruen (February 22, 1847 April 10, 1911), was a German born watchmaker who emigrated to the United States in the 1860s and later founded the Gruen Watch Company.
Early life and education
Gruen attended public and private schools in Germany. At age 15 they began learning the watchmaking trade. They apprenticed to Hans Martens in Friedburg, Germany and worked in Karlsruhe, Wiesbaden and Lode.
Later life and career
In 1867, at age 20, they immigrated to the United States, following in the steps of their three older brothers, all of whom had immigrated several years before. (One brother had died in 1863 in the American Civil War.)
On their trip to America they met Pauline Wittlinger, the daughter of a watchmaker who lived in Delaware, Ohio. In 1869 Gruen married Wittlinger and moved to Ohio to work for their father. Dietrich's and Pauline's first child, Frederick G. Gruen, was born in 1872; George J. Gruen was born in 1877.
In 1874 Gruen filed a patent for a 'safety' pinion that prevented damage to a pocket-watch movement if the mainspring broke. In 1876 they started the Columbus Watch Manufacturing Company in Columbus, Ohio. In 1882 the company was reorganized as the Columbus Watch Company and moved to a building on Thurman Street. The company now saw itself as in the same ranks of older established American watch companies like Waltham Watch Company and Elgin National Watch Company.
In 1894 Gruen left the Columbus Watch Company, which later bankrupted following the Panic of 1893. That same year Dietrich and their son Frederick founded a new watchmaking company, D. Gruen & Sonlater changed to D. Gruen & Sons when son George joined the firm. By 1898 Gruen and sons had established the Gruen Watch Company in Cincinnati, Ohio.
In 1911 Gruen died suddenly on a business trip as they and their son Fred were nearing the Italian coast on a steamship.
References
External links
1847 births
1911 deaths
People from Osthofen
People from Rhenish Hesse
German watchmakers (people)
German emigrants to the United States
American company founders
Burials at Spring Grove Cemetery
American watchmakers (people)
19th-century American businesspeople
Xenia of Tarusa () ( – 1312), also known as Kseniya Yurievna (), was a Princess consort of Tver and Grand Princess consort of Vladimir from 1267 to 1271.  They are counted among the saints of the Russian Orthodox Church.
Xenia of Tarusa was a daughter of Youri Mikhailovich, Prince of Tarusa.
They married Yaroslav III (Yaroslav Yaroslavich), Prince of Tver and Grand Prince of Vladimir in 1265. During their marriage and the reign of their husband they were unusually influential in the affairs of the state and remained so even after Yaroslav's death in 1271. Soon after they retired to the women's monastery in Novgorod, yet continued to play an influential role in the affairs of the principality. They died in 1312 as a nun and was buried in the founded.
Canonization
Soon after their death they were canonized locally, and again in 1988.
 They are revered in the Diocese of Tver: Them memorial day is on the first Sunday after June 29.
References
Насколько я понял, вы и сейчас часто бываете в Тарусе. Можете рассказать о нынешней жизни в городе?
Janet Martin Medieval Russia 980-1584 (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1995)
Brief Information on Locally Honored Saints (Tver, 1991)
Princes of Tver
1240s births
1312 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Russian saints of the Eastern Orthodox Church
Russian nobility
Russian princesses by marriage
13th-century Russian princesses
14th-century Russian princesses
14th-century Eastern Orthodox Christians
14th-century Christian saints
Christian female saints of the Middle Ages
13th-century Russian people
14th-century Russian people
Rurik dynasty
Laane is a village in Kose Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.
References
Villages in Harju County
Sclater's whistler (Pachycephala soror) or the hill golden whistler, is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae found in the highlands of New Guinea.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The name commemorates the British zoologist Philip Lutley Sclater.
Subspecies
Four subspecies are recognized:
P. s. soror – Sclater, 1874: found in north-western New Guinea
P. s. klossi – Ogilvie-Grant, 1915: found in central and eastern New Guinea
P. s. octogenarii – Diamond, 1985: found in the Kumawa Mountains of western New Guinea
P. s. bartoni – Ogilvie-Grant, 1915: found in south-eastern New Guinea and Goodenough Island
References
Sclater's whistler
Birds of New Guinea
Sclater's whistler
Sclater's whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mărăcineni is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Argeșelu and Mărăcineni. In the past, Argeșelu was named Ciumești.
The commune is located in the center of Argeș County, just north of the county seat, Pitești.
Natives
Nicoleta Dascălu
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Richard Eugene Hickock (June 6, 1931 – April 14, 1965) was one of two ex-convicts convicted of murdering four members of the Clutter family in Holcomb, Kansas on November 15, 1959, a crime made famous by Truman Capote in their 1966 non-fiction novel In Cold Blood. Along with Perry Edward Smith, Hickock took part in the burglary and multiple murder at the Clutter family farmhouse.
Early life
Richard Hickock was born on June 6, 1931 in Kansas City, Kansas to farmworker parents, Walter Sr. and Eunice Hickock. They were one of several siblings, including a younger brother named Walter Jr. According to Walter Jr., their parents provided them with a good upbringing, but they were strict; they said of them, "I'm not sure if they were loving in the way you'd usually say a family is loving." In 1947, the Hickock family relocated to the small east Kansas town of Edgerton. Hickock was a popular student and an athlete at Olathe High School. After finishing high school, Hickock had wanted to attend college, but their family lacked the means to finance their post-secondary education. Hickock went to work as a mechanic instead.
Head injuries from a serious automobile accident in 1950 left Hickock disfigured, rendering their face slightly lopsided and their eyes asymmetrical. According to their brother Walter, the accident "almost killed him," and it also changed him. After being released from the hospital, Hickock was left with hospital bills and mounting debts, leading them to start bad financial habits like writing bad checks and gambling. They drifted through several manual labor jobs, working as a railroad worker, mechanic, and ambulance driver while simultaneously continuing to write bad checks and commit petty theft. Eventually, the crime caught up with him, and in March 1958, at the age of 26, Hickock received their first prison sentence. They were imprisoned in the Kansas State Penitentiary for stealing a rifle out of a local home.
When Hickock was 19, they married for the first time. However, they became involved in an extramarital affair, which eventually resulted in the conception of their first child. Hickock then decided to end their first marriage to marry their mistress, and they had two children together. While serving their 1958 prison sentence, their second wife divorced them as well.
While serving their prison sentence, Hickock met fellow inmates Perry Smith and Floyd Wells, the latter of whom used to work for the Clutter family. Wells told Hickock about the affluence of the family's patriarch, Herbert Clutter, specifically telling Hickock that Clutter kept a safe in their house containing $10,000. Hickock and Smith devised a plan to rob and murder the Clutter family. Hickock was released from prison in August 1959, after serving seventeen months. Upon release from prison, they got a job at a body shop in Olathe, Kansas and tried to live an upright life; however, soon afterwards, they contacted Smith. Hickock and Smith met up in Olathe, where they collected supplies to aid in the commission of the crimes. They then went to Holcomb, where the Clutter family resided.
Clutter family murders
Hickock testified after the trial that they and Smith had gotten the idea to rob the Clutters after Hickock was told by Wells, their former cellmate, that there was a safe in the family's house containing $10,000. However, when they invaded the house just after midnight on November 15, 1959, Hickock and Smith discovered that there was no such safe. The pair then murdered all four members of the family. According to Truman Capote's account of the Clutter murders, In Cold Blood, Hickock was prevented by Smith from raping 16-year-old Nancy Clutter during the incident.
Alvin Dewey, chief investigator in the case, testified at the trial that Hickock insisted in their confession that Smith performed all the killings. Smith, however, first claimed Hickock killed the two women, but later claimed to have shot them himself. Both defendants refused to testify during their trial.
Hickock and Smith were arrested in Las Vegas, Nevada, on December 30, 1959 for the Clutter family murders, for which they were both tried and found guilty. They both talked extensively to Capote when the author was researching In Cold Blood.
Execution
Hickock and Smith were executed by hanging at the Kansas State Penitentiary on April 14, 1965. When asked if they had any last words, Hickock declined, but they requested to address the KBI agents who had worked on their case and now were present as witnesses to their execution. Hickock told them they had "no hard feelings" towards them, shook each agent's hand, and simply said, "Goodbye." Smith, in contrast, attempted to speak beyond the room when they addressed the media representatives and declared: "capital punishment is legally and morally wrong." Hickock was executed first and was pronounced dead at 12:41 a.m; Smith followed shortly afterward and was pronounced dead at 1:19 a.m.
Aftermath
Hickock and Smith were both buried in nearby Mount Muncie Cemetery in Lansing, Kansas. Hickock donated their eyes for corneal transplants, and they were used on two patients in Kansas City later that day.
On December 18, 2012, the killers' bodies were exhumed from Mount Muncie Cemetery, as authorities hoped to solve a 53-year-old cold case using DNA. Smith and Hickock had fled to Florida after the Clutter murders, and the two had been questioned about the December 19, 1959 shooting murder of Cliff and Christine Walker and their two young children. A polygraph administered at the time of their arrest in the Clutter case cleared them of the Walker family murders, but by modern polygraph standards, their test results are no longer considered valid. After the exhumation, officials in Kansas retrieved bone fragments from Smith and Hickock's corpses in order to attempt to compare their DNA to semen found in Christine Walker's pants.
In August 2013, the Sarasota County sheriff's office announced they were unable to find a match between the DNA of either Smith or Hickock with the samples in the Walker family murder. Only partial DNA could be retrieved, possibly due to degradations of the DNA samples over the decades or contamination in storage, making the outcome one of uncertainty (neither proving nor disproving the involvement of Smith and Hickock). Consequently, investigators have stated that Smith and Hickock still remain the most viable suspects.
In 2017, The Wall Street Journal uncovered a handwritten manuscript that Hickock wrote during the time that they awaited their execution on death row. The manuscript, reportedly titled The High Road to Hell, allegedly shone a light on the motive behind the murders, which to this day is in dispute. Before their execution, Hickock had insisted (and Smith concurred) that Smith committed all of the murders himself. However, Hickock's manuscript describes how they shined a flashlight on each of the four Clutters' heads while Smith fired; Hickock's only regret, according to the manuscript, was that Smith did all of the killing and Hickock personally committed no murders. In discussing their alleged motive, Hickock claimed that they had committed the killings in a murder-for-hire plot in exchange for $5,000 from a man only named Roberts, writing, "I was going to kill a person. Maybe more than one. Could I do it? Maybe I'll back out. But I can't back out, I've taken the money. I've spent some of it. Besides, I thought, I know too much." Throughout 1961, Hickock sent the manuscript to reporter Mack Nations, who had promised to convert it into a book-length manuscript. After completing the project, Nations sent the converted manuscript to the publishing company Random House, but they sent it back and let Nations know that they had already commissioned Capote to write about the Clutter murders.
Writer Kevin Helliker of the Journal speculated that Hickock may have been pathologically lying or engaging in fantasy in their manuscript, arguing that had Hickock's story been true, they and Smith likely would have used the information to try to negotiate their way out of their death sentences by pinning the crime on Roberts, and they and Smith would not have struggled to make ends meet after the crime if they had been paid for it. Michael Stone, a Columbia University psychiatrist who specialized in studying Smith and Hickock, read the manuscript at the request of the Journal and said on the record, "I don't believe for a minute that they got paid to do it."
Film portrayals
Hickock was portrayed by Scott Wilson in the 1967 film adaptation of In Cold Blood; by Anthony Edwards in the 1996 TV miniseries adaptation; by Mark Pellegrino in the 2005 film Capote; and by Lee Pace in the 2006 film Infamous.
See also
George York and James Latham
Capital punishment in Kansas
List of people executed in Kansas
References
External links
Richard Hickcock's inmate photograph and file at kansasmemory.org
1931 births
1965 deaths
People from Kansas City, Kansas
American people convicted of murder
American mass murderers
People executed for murder
20th-century executions by Kansas
People executed by Kansas by hanging
American murderers of children
Executed mass murderers
Executed people from Kansas
People convicted of murder by Kansas
Criminals from Kansas
20th-century executions of American people
Łyse is a village in Poland, situated in the Masovian Voivodeship, in Ostrołęka County, and in Gmina Łyse, by the road 645 between Myszyniec and Nowogród. It lies approximately north of Ostrołęka and north of Warsaw.
In the years 1975–1998, Łyse belonged to the Ostrołęka Voivodeship.
Character
The village is a center of Kurpiowski folk art with a 19th-century wooden church that has a polychrome interior. Mass is held in this church only on special occasions; regular mass has been held in the nearby modern church, Chrystusa Króla Wszechświata, since dedication in 2000.
The village has the lowest unemployment rate in Ostrołęka County, due in no small part to the local meat packing industry.
Easter in Łyse
Every year a Palm Sunday (the week before Easter) festival is celebrated here. The highlight of the festival is a contest for the most beautiful palm. Traditionally, the hand-made flowers of the palm are begun at the beginning of Lent. During the festival, one can experience Kurpiowski traditions by, among others: Kurpiowski wycinanki, folk music and dance, and tasting bread slices with lard and pickles.
Villages in Ostrołęka County
Łomża Governorate
Warsaw Voivodeship (1919–1939)
Serhiy Ilarionovych Zaytsev (; born 13 April 1974) is a former Ukrainian professional football defender who played for different Ukrainian and foreign clubs.
Career
Zaytsev is product of youth team sistem Metalurh Zaporizhzhia. Their first coach was Volodymyr Kocheharov. Zaytsev had a brief spell with Pogoń Szczecin during 1999, appearing as a substitute in one Ekstraklasa match.
References
External links
Profile at Official FC Metalurh Site (Rus)
1974 births
Living people
Footballers from Zaporizhzhia
Soviet footballers
Ukrainian footballers
FC Olympik Kharkiv players
FC Torpedo Zaporizhzhia players
FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia players
FC Metalist Kharkiv players
FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk players
Pogoń Szczecin players
1. FC Tatran Prešov players
ŠK Futura Humenné players
AS Trenčín players
FC VSS Košice players
FC Atyrau players
FC Ekibastuz players
FC Kaisar players
FC Ros Bila Tserkva players
Soviet Second League B players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Ukrainian First League players
Ukrainian Second League players
Russian First League players
Slovak Super Liga players
2. Liga (Slovakia) players
Ekstraklasa players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
Kazakhstan First Division players
Association football defenders
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Ukrainian football managers
Ukrainian expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Kazakhstan
Expatriate football managers in Moldova
Ukrainian expatriate sportspeople in Moldova
Expatriate football managers in Poland
Ukrainian Premier League managers
Ukrainian First League managers
Kazakhstan Premier League managers
Kazakhstan First Division managers
FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia managers
FC Bălți managers
FC Karpaty Lviv managers
FC Akzhayik managers
Moldovan Super Liga managers
Legionovia Legionowo managers
II liga managers
The Young Citizen Volunteers of Ireland, or Young Citizen Volunteers (YCV) for short, was a British civic organisation founded in Belfast in 1912. It was established to bridge the gap for 18 to 25 year olds between membership of youth organisations—such as the Boys' Brigade and Boy Scouts—and the period of responsible adulthood. Another impetus for its creation was the failure of the British government to extend the legislation for the Territorial Force—introduced in 1908—to Ireland. It was hoped that the War Office would absorb the YCV into the Territorial Force, however such offers were dismissed. Not until the outbreak of World War I did the YCV—by then a battalion of the UVF—become part of the British Army as the 14th Battalion of the Royal Irish Rifles.
Establishment
The modern UVF was established in Belfast's Shankill Road area by Gusty Spence and others in 1966. The new group quickly undertook a sectarian campaign of arson and murder. During the early 1970s a group of loyalist youths who supported local football teams congregated on the Shankill Road and were regularly involved in clashes with the nationalist Unity Flats area on their way to and from football matches. One of their number was Billy Hutchinson who was close to the UVF and who organised these youths into a new UVF youth group, resurrecting the old YCV name in the process. Along with Billy Spence, Hutchinson oversaw a recruitment drive for the new group, which expanded quickly in its first few years of existence. The reformation of the YCV had been organised by Gusty Spence following their escape from prison, which dates the event to 1972.
Activities
Activities carried out by the YCV included throwing petrol bombs at Catholic homes. Writer Tim Pat Coogan has compared it to the Fianna Éireann and Ulster Young Militants (UYM), with all three characterised as "a military scouting movement which acts as a youthful recruiting agency" for the respective paramilitary group. In late 1974 the head of the YCV, who was not identified, even became the Chief of Staff of the UVF itself after a power struggle with the incumbent Ken Gibson. The group expanded beyond Belfast into other UVF areas, notably Mid-Ulster where Billy Wright joined the group at around the age of 14. Eddie Kinner, who went to hold leading positions in both the UVF and the Progressive Unionist Party, was also a member and demonstrated their support by sporting the initials YCV on their school bag.
In late 1974 two Catholics, Michael Loughran and Eddie Morgan, were shot and killed by two YCV members, Billy Hutchinson and Thomas Winstone, on the Falls Road. During the subsequent trial, at which both defendants were convicted of murder, a Royal Ulster Constabulary officer giving evidence stated that the YCV had been reformed solely as a sectarian group to kill Catholics.
Although their profile fell somewhat after Hutchinson's imprisonment the YCV continued to exist alongside the UVF for the duration of the Troubles and beyond. In 2001 it was reported by Pastor Jack McKee, a born-again Christian preacher noted for their anti-paramilitary activity, that in secondary schools around the Shankill some pupils had to be let out at different times and from different gates depending on whether they were members of the YCV or UYM, due to a loyalist feud that was ongoing between the UVF and the UDA West Belfast Brigade.
Along with those of the UVF and the Red Hand Commando (RHC), YCV flags are regularly carried by loyalist flute band colour parties during the marching season, particularly in Belfast.
The YCV is not listed a proscribed organisation by the British government although its UVF parent organisation is included on the list.
See also
Ulster Young Militants
Independent International Commission on Decommissioning (IICD) - Organisation overseeing Decommissioning,
Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC) - Organisation monitoring activity by paramilitary groups.
Ulster Loyalism
References
Bibliography
Ulster Volunteer Force
Youth organizations established in 1972
Ulster loyalist militant groups
Our Lady of Mount Carmel is a Roman Catholic Church on High Park Street in Dingle, Liverpool. The church was built when the parish population had outgrown the nearby Church of St Patrick on Park Place. Initially, from 1866, a chapel dedicated to Our Lady of Mount Carmel was used in the school. The church proper opened on 21 July 1878.
In December 2009 the church and the adjoining presbytery gained Grade II listed status.
In 2001, the parish of Our Lady of Mount Carmel incorporated the nearby parish of St Finbar. The latter church had closed and was later demolished in 2003.
Images
References
Roman Catholic churches in Liverpool
Grade II listed buildings in Liverpool
Grade II listed churches in Merseyside
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1878
19th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United Kingdom
Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Royal Anne. A third was renamed before being launched:
HMS Royal Anne was a 100-gun first rate launched in 1670 as . They were rebuilt and renamed HMS Royal Anne in 1703 and was broken up in 1727.
HMS Royal Anne was a 100-gun first rate launched in 1673 as . They were renamed HMS Queen in 1693, HMS Royal George in 1715 and HMS Royal Anne in 1756. They were broken up in 1767.
HMS Royal Anne (1709) 42 gun galley built at Woolwich Dockyard by Richard Stacey
HMS Royal Anne was to have been a 100-gun first rate. They were renamed before their launch in 1756. They foundered in 1782.
See also
was a 42-gun fifth rate launched in 1709 and wrecked in 1721.
Royal Navy ship names
Dame Carol Vivien Robinson, (née Bradley; born 10 April 1956) is a British chemist and former President of the Royal Society of Chemistry (2018–2020). They were a Royal Society Research Professor and is the Dr Lee's Professor of Physical and Theoretical Chemistry, and a Professorial Fellow at Exeter College, University of Oxford.  They are the first director of the Kavli Institution for Nanoscience Discovery, University of Oxford, and they were previously Professor of Mass Spectrometry at the Department of Chemistry of the University of Cambridge.
Early life and education
Born in Kent, the daughter of Denis E. Bradley and Lillian (née Holder), Carol Vivien Bradley left school at 16 and began their career as a lab technician in Sandwich, Kent with Pfizer, where they began working with the then novel technique of mass spectrometry.
Them potential was spotted, and they gained further qualifications at evening classes and day release from their job at Pfizer. After earning their degree, they left Pfizer and studied for a Master of Science degree at the University of Swansea, followed by a PhD at the University of Cambridge, which they completed in just two years, rather than the more usual three. During this time they were a student at Churchill College, Cambridge.
Career and research
After a postdoctoral training fellowship at the University of Bristol, Robinson took up a junior position in the mass spectrometry unit at the University of Oxford, where they began analysing protein folding. Robinson and colleagues successfully captured protein folding in the presence of the chaperone GroEL, demonstrating that at least some aspects of protein secondary structure could be studied in the gas phase.
Robinson has broken ground as the first female professor in the department of chemistry at both the University of Cambridge (2001) and the University of Oxford (2009). Them research has pushed the limits of electrospray ionization mass spectrometry, demonstrating that proteins and other complex macromolecules can be studied in the gas phase. In addition to their contributions to the study of protein folding, Robinson has conducted important work on ribosomes, molecular chaperones and most recently membrane proteins. Them research has made seminal contributions to gas-phase structural biology, with progress toward the study of protein complexes in their native environments for drug discovery. Additionally, they are Co-founder and director of OMass Therapeutics, a University of Oxford spin-out company applying mass spectrometry technology to drug discovery.
Honours and awards
Robinson was awarded the American Society for Mass Spectrometry's Biemann Medal in 2003, and the Christian B. Anfinsen Award in 2008. In 2004 the Royal Society awarded them both a Fellowship (FRS) and the Rosalind Franklin Award. Them nomination for the Royal Society reads:
In 2010 Robinson received the Davy Medal "for their ground-breaking and novel use of mass spectrometry for the characterisation of large protein complexes".
In 2011 they were given the Interdisciplinary Prize by the Royal Society of Chemistry for "development of a new area of research, gas-phase structural biology, using highly refined mass spectrometry techniques", the Aston Medal, and the FEBS/EMBO Women in Science Award.
They have been awarded honorary doctorates from the University of Kent, the University of York, and the University of Bristol.
They were appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to science and industry.
They received the Thomson Medal Award in 2014.
In 2015 they were a laureate of the L'Oréal-UNESCO For Women in Science Awards; "For their groundbreaking work in macromolecular mass spectrometry and pioneering gas phase structural biology by probing the structure and reactivity of single proteins and protein complexes, including membrane proteins." They were also made a Rhodes Trustee.
In 2017 they were elected a Foreign Associate of the US National Academy of Sciences.
In 2018 they won the Frank H. Field and Joe L. Franklin Award for Outstanding Achievement in Mass Spectrometry from the American Chemical Society.
In 2019 they won the Novozymes Prize for "almost single-handedly founding a subfield of mass spectrometry proteomics". Also in 2019 they received the Royal Medal.
In 2020, they were chosen as the recipient of the Othmer Gold Medal.
In 2021 they received the 2022 Louis-Jeantet Prize for Medicine.
In 2021 they were awarded with the 2022 European Chemistry Gold Medal by the European Chemical Society.
In 2021 they became an International Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
In 2022 they were awarded the Franklin Institute Award for Chemistry.
References
External links
(See Denis Noble.)
(interview conducted by Erick M. Carreira)
1956 births
Living people
British chemists
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Fellows of Churchill College, Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
Place of birth missing (living people)
British women chemists
Academics of the University of Oxford
Fellows of Exeter College, Oxford
Alumni of Swansea University
Alumni of Churchill College, Cambridge
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Dr Lee's Professors of Chemistry
Rhodes Trustees
L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science laureates
21st-century British women scientists
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
Presidents of the Royal Society of Chemistry
Thomson Medal recipients
Mass spectrometrists
Warren House and Warren's Store is a historic house and store and national historic district located at Prospect Hill, Caswell County, North Carolina. The house was built about 1858, and is a two-story, three bay, Greek Revival style frame dwelling. It is set on a brick foundation and has a low hipped roof. The front facade features a two-story, three bay, pedimented porch. Warren's Store and Post Office is located across from the house and is a two-story rectangular brick building of vernacular Greek Revival temple-form design. Also on the property is the contributing kitchen building.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Greek Revival houses in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1858
Houses in Caswell County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Caswell County, North Carolina
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
The Church Studios is a recording studio located in a former church in Crouch End, North London, England. It was rented and then owned by Dave Stewart in the 1980s and 1990s, and was used to record Eurythmics' sophomore album Sweet Dreams. David Gray acquired ownership in 2004 before UK leading music producer Paul Epworth bought and refurbished the studio in 2013. It has since been used by notable artists such as Adele, Beyoncé, Mumford & Sons, Coldplay and Madonna.
History
It was built in the 1850s and served solely for religious purposes for the Agapemonite sect until the middle of the 20th century. As a result of the social changes that took part in the second half of the 20th century, the building became desired within the creative industries. It was eventually split in two halves; one continuing as a traditional church, the other a creative studio that has been through a number of ventures since the 1980s.
In the beginning of the 1980s, animators Bob Bura and John Hardwick bought the building. In 1982 they rented out the church room upstairs to Dave Stewart and Annie Lennox of Eurythmics. Stewart and Lennox converted the room into a recording studio and used it to complete their second album Sweet Dreams. As the popularity and success of the Eurythmics increased, they purchased the building from Bura and Hardwick and recorded much of their catalogue there. The Church Studios' legacy continued to be established with artists such as Bob Dylan, Radiohead, Robert Plant, Elvis Costello, Depeche Mode and My Bloody Valentine being welcomed.
In 2004, singer-songwriter David Gray acquired ownership of the studio. Gray recorded four of their studio albums at The Church Studios: Life In Slow Motion, Draw The Line, Foundling and Mutineers. They also welcomed other artists, including Bombay Bicycle Club and Kaiser Chiefs, to use the studio. Gray's ownership lasted for almost a decade, however due to the decline of record sales changing the landscape of the music industry, Gray decided to move on and the studio became under threat of falling into the hands of property developers. Eventually music producer Paul Epworth, who was looking for a studio facility of their own, bought the studio and took it over in October 2013.
With the help of Walter-Storyk Design Group and Miloco Builds, Epworth transformed The Church Studios into a modern studio complex. While the top floor was left relatively untouched, the downstairs floors were completely refurbished to offer three studios: a large tracking room, an SSL studio and a writing suite. In the large tracking room they installed a 72 channel vintage EMI Neve console consisting of two halves: one from Abbey Road Studios and one from the Pathe Marconi Studios in Paris. The downstairs studio, featuring a vintage SSL console, had to be raised off the ground to deal with the high sound pressure levels, as a pair of custom Augspurger monitors were installed.
Artists
After the renovation of the studios, artists such as U2, London Grammar and Lana Del Rey have recorded in the studios. Adele filmed a live version of their song "When We Were Young" in the main studio in 2015, which has been watched more than 550 million times on YouTube. In 2018, Beyoncé and Jay-Z used the SSL studio to mix four of their songs, as well as cut vocals for another, on The Carters' first album Everything Is Love. Around the same time Mumford & Sons used the renovated studio complex to work with Paul Epworth on their album Delta. Madonna's latest album "Madame X", released in June 2019, was part recorded and mixed in its entirety in the SSL studio. Coldplay's eighth studio album "Everyday Life" was part recorded in the Neve studio in 2019.
Despite 2020 being a tough year for music, the studios have managed to keep busy and host some of the finest musical acts around the UK. The 1975 have part recorded their album Notes On A Conditional Form in the SSL studio in January 2020. That same summer, artists such as Slowthai, Arlo Parks and Birdy have used The Church to work on their albums.
In 2021, Dave released their second studio album We're All Alone In This Together, which was recorded in the SSL studio.
List of artists who have recorded, mixed or filmed at The Church Studios:
Adele
Alisha's Attic
Alison Moyet
Alt-J
Arlo Parks
Beyoncé
Beck
Biffy Clyro
Blur
Bob Dylan
Boo Radleys
Bootsy Collins
Curve
Cast
Coldplay
The Corrs
Culture Club
Daryl Hall
Dave
Dave Stewart
David Gray
Del Amitri
Depeche Mode
Dido
Elastica
Erasure
Elvis Costello
Eurythmics
Faithless
Feeder
Florence + The Machine
Gabrielle
George Clinton
Glass Animals
The Horrors
Kaytranada
Kylie Minogue
Jack Peñate
James Bay
James Vincent McMorrow
Jay-Z
The Jesus and Mary Chain
Jimmy Cliff
Joe Strummer
Jorja Smith
Jungle (band)
Lana Del Rey
LCD Soundsystem
Lianne La Havas
Lightning Seeds
London Grammer
Lorde
Lou Reed
Madonna
Mike Dean (producer)
Mick Jagger
Mumford & Sons
My Bloody Valentine
Natalie Imbruglia
Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds
Oasis
Patti Smith
Paul McCartney
The Pop Group
Radiohead
Ride
Robert Plant
Royal Blood
Rosie Lowe
Seal
Shakespears Sister
Sinéad O'Connor
Slowthai
Sparklehorse
Spiritualized
The Stone Roses
Stormzy
The Streets
Suede
Swing Out Sister
Terence Trent D'Arby
Terry Hall
Tom Jones
Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers
U2
The Wildhearts
The xx
The 1975
References
Recording studios in London
1850 establishments
Court of Exchequer may refer to:
Exchequer of Pleas, an ancient English court that ceased to exist independently in the late nineteenth century
Court of Exchequer Chamber, an ancient English appellate court that ceased to exist independently in the late nineteenth century
Court of Exchequer (Ireland)
Court of Exchequer (Scotland), an ancient Scottish Court
Doukas or Dukas (after 1462) was a Byzantine Greek historian who flourished under Constantine XI Palaiologos, the last Byzantine Emperor.  They are one of the most important sources for the last decades and eventual fall of the Byzantine Empire to the Ottomans.
Life
The date of Doukas's birth is not recorded, nor is their first name or the names of their parents. They were born probably in the 1390s somewhere in western Asia Minor, where their paternal grandfather, Michael Doukas, had fled. Michael Doukas was eulogized by their grandson as a learned man, especially in matters of medicine. They had played a role in the Byzantine civil wars of the mid-14th century as a partisan of John VI Kantakouzenos. Michael Doukas had been arrested by Alexios Apokaukos, and was one of the prisoners at the palace where Apokaukos was murdered by some of the inmates. Michael Doukas narrowly avoided becoming one of the 200 prisoners murdered in retribution by hiding in the underground chamber of the New Church. They and five others disguised themselves as monks and managed to escape Constantinople. Michael met Isa, the grandson of Aydin, who became their patron and established them at Ephesus. They remained there even after the end of the civil war, convinced that sooner or later all of the remnants of the Byzantine state would succumb to the Turkish onslaught. Although their grandson claims so, it is unknown how, if at all, Michael was related to the old Byzantine imperial dynasty of the Doukai.
All we know of the younger Doukas is what they reveal of themselves in their history. Their earliest autobiographical allusion is dated to 1421, when they lived in New Phocaea and served as the secretary of the local Genoese governor, Giovanni Adorno. From New Phocaea, Doukas found employment with the ruling Gattilusi family on Lesbos. They employed them in various diplomatic missions to the Ottoman court. In 1451 they were in Adrianople when Murad II died and Mehmed II first entered the capital. In 1452, when Mehmed's army was beginning the siege of Constantinople, they were in Didymoteicho where they saw the corpses of the Venetian crew and their captain executed for failing to stop at the fortress of Rumeli Hisar. In 1455, Doukas twice acted on behalf of the Gattilusi to the Ottomans, first delivering gifts to Hamza the Ottoman admiral, then in August delivered the annual tribute to the Sultan, a visit that required Doukas to bring their new master, Domenico Gattilusio before the Sultan.
They were still living on Lesbos in 1462, when it was conquered by the Ottoman Empire by Sultan Mehmed II. It is known that Doukas survived this event, but there is no record of their subsequent life, and they may have died at about this time.
Work
Doukas was the author of a history of the period 1341–1462; their work thus continues that of Nikephoros Gregoras and John Kantakouzenos, and supplements George Sphrantzes and Laonikos Chalkokondyles. There is a preliminary chapter of chronology from Adam to John V Palaiologos. After the preliminary chapter, they begin their work on history with description of the Battle of Kosovo. Doukas considered the Ottoman conquests as a divine punishment, criticised Mehmed II's immorality and cruelty, and ardently supported the union of the Greek and Latin churches as a prerequisite for saving what was left of the Byzantine Empire. Their work is thus "generally considered biased but reliable" and a particularly valuable source since they were an eyewitness to many of the events included in their history, and knew Italian and Turkish and was thus able to draw upon Genoese and Ottoman sources. Doukas is also the only Byzantine source to mention the revolt of Börklüce Mustafa.
The editio princeps by I. Bullialdus (Paris, 1649), with a Latin translation on facing pages and copious notes, was based on one manuscript, currently in Paris, Bibliothèque Nationale MS. Gr. 1310 (Grecu's P, dated 16th century). A folio edition was published in Venice by the Javarina Press in 1729. I. Bekker (1834) produced an edition for the Bonn series, which includes a 15th-century Italian translation by an unknown author, found by Leopold Ranke in one of the libraries of Venice, and sent by them to August Bekker; this translation continues where the Greek text ends in mid-sentence, completing the account of the Ottoman conquest of Lesbos. This addition has led some scholars to conclude the Italian translation was made from a more complete copy of Doukas' history, but Harry J. Magoulias has argued that it is more likely "that the translator may have simply borrowed from another source in order to supplement the account of the siege of Mitylene in 1462. A fourth edition of this was prepared by Jacques Paul Migne for the Patrologia Graeca series, vol. 157.
For many years it was thought that Doukas' history existed in a single manuscript in the Bibliothèque Nationale; however in the same library Vasile Grecu discovered a second manuscript containing Doukas' work, Bibliothèque Nationale MS. Gr. 1766 (Grecu's P1, dated 18th century), which allowed them to publish a new critical edition (Bucharest, 1958) with improvements on prior editions to which Grecu added a Romanian translation. Magoulias published the first English translation in 1975 based on Grecu's critical edition.
References
Sources
15th-century Byzantine historians
Doukas family
John Victor Maciel Furtado (born 13 February 1996), known as John (), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Santos FC.
Club career
Santos
Beginnings
Born in Diadema, São Paulo, John joined Santos' youth setup in February 2011 at the age of 15, after starting out at BARCELONA FC. In 2015, with the departure of Aranha, they were called up to train with the first team in some occasions.
On 20 January 2016, John renewed their contract with Peixe until 2021, being definitely promoted to the main squad as a third choice behind Vanderlei and Vladimir. They made their unofficial first team debut on 8 October, playing 25 minutes in a 1–1 friendly draw against Benfica.
Loan to Portuguesa Santista
On 11 December 2018, John was loaned to Portuguesa Santista for the 2019 season. They were an undisputed starter during the 2019 Campeonato Paulista Série A2 before returning to their parent club.
Breakthrough
On 13 December 2019, John further extended their contract with Santos until December 2023. Initially a fourth-choice behind Everson, Vladimir and João Paulo at the start of the 2020 campaign, they became a second-choice after Everson left and Vladimir was sidelined due to an injury.
John made their official – and Série A – debut for Santos on 14 November 2020, starting and keeping a clean sheet in a 2–0 home win against Internacional. They made their Copa Libertadores debut ten days later, playing the full 90 minutes and making several key stops in a 2–1 away success over LDU Quito.
On 8 January 2021, John and teammate Wagner Leonardo tested positive for COVID-19. Upon returning, they shared the starting spot with João Paulo before suffering a knee injury in August.
Career statistics
Honours
Santos
Campeonato Paulista: 2016
References
External links
Santos FC profile
1996 births
Living people
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Brazilian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Santos FC players
Associação Atlética Portuguesa (Santos) players
Brazil youth international footballers
Rotisserie chicken is a chicken dish that is cooked on a rotisserie by using direct heat in which the chicken is placed next to the heat source.
Electric- or gas-powered heating elements may be used by using adjustable infrared heat. These types of rotisseries have proven quite functional for cooking rotisserie-style chicken. Leftover rotisserie chicken may be used in a variety of dishes such as soup, chicken salad, and sandwiches.
Grocery loss leader
Rotisserie chickens are often sold at a lower price than raw whole chickens in grocery stores. Two explanations are often given to justify this phenomenon. First, some grocery stores may use rotisserie chickens as loss leaders to bring shoppers into the store. The logic behind this theory is that if customers come to a store for its rotisserie chickens, they will buy other products while they are there, too. Second, rotisserie chickens are often made with poultry that is about to reach its "best by" date. By cooking and selling the chickens, the grocery stores are able to recoup some of their expenditures.
By region
United States
In the United States, ready-to-eat rotisserie chickens were available in supermarkets and some butcher shops during much of the twentieth century. However, they did not become a widely available option for consumers until the early 1990s, when Boston Market helped popularize the selling of packaged rotisserie chickens.
Rotisserie chickens are now highly popular. In 2010, 600 million rotisserie-cooked chickens were purchased by consumers "in U.S. supermarkets, club stores and similar retail outlets." In 2018, over 900 million rotisserie chickens were sold by foodservice outlets and retail stores.
In the U.S., chickens used for rotisserie cooking may be injected with brine to retain moisture. Additional ingredients may be used to add flavor and to brown the chicken, such as oleoresin, yeast extract, sodium tripolyphosphate, and natural flavorings.
Costco and rotisserie chickens
Costco is one of the largest producers and vendors of rotisserie chickens in the United States, with one commentator describing it as "the undisputed king of rotisserie chickens." In 2017, Costco sold approximately 87 million rotisserie chickens in the United States. Costco's CFO, Richard Galanti, has repeatedly rebuffed suggestions that Costco might eventually increase the cost of its chickens above $4.99, which has been the price of a Costco rotisserie chicken since 2009.
In 2017, Costco broke ground on a new 414-acre facility in Fremont, Nebraska that would include a hatchery, feed mill, and processing plant. The facility – which is expected to produce around 100 million chickens per year, or roughly 40 percent of Costco's needs – has been reported as costing between $275 million and $400 million. The plant is scheduled to open in September 2019.
Australia
The two major supermarkets, Coles and Woolworths, both sell chickens cooked in large ovens. A common variation on the local fish and chip shop is one that also sells charcoal chicken, rotated and cooked above charcoal.
Canada
Rotisserie chicken has been a popular food in Canada since the 1950s, and is a staple of Canadian pop culture.
Two Canadian casual dining restaurant chains, Swiss Chalet and St-Hubert dominate the market for chicken, though the dish is also the central item for other Canadian chains, popular international chains such as Nandos, or individual restaurants. Swiss Chalet owns a cable channel that exclusively airs content related to rotisserie chicken, "twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week." It typically airs chickens rotating on a rotisserie. Occasionally, a dancing man appears wearing a costume that looks "like a container of Swiss Chalet's dipping sauce."
Most Canadian supermarket chains (including Costco) sell rotisserie chicken as a loss leader, similar to supermarkets in the United States.
France
Napoleon Bonaparte was a frequent consumer of rotisserie chickens.
Mexico
In Mexico, rotisserie chicken is called "pollo asado" or "pollo rostizado" (which literally mean "grilled chicken" and "roasted chicken" respectively). Rotisserie chicken is often sold at restaurants specializing in rotisserie chicken and is eaten with tortillas, salsa, and sides of arroz rojo and refried beans; it can also be found at supermarkets or warehouse clubs such as Costco or Sam's Club.
Peru
Known in Peru as pollo a la brasa (literally "roasted chicken"), it is considered a national dish of the country, with Peruvians consuming it an average of three times per month and with rotisserie chicken restaurants accounting for 40% of the fast food industry in the country. Peruvian-style rotisserie chicken has been growing in popularity worldwide, especially in the United States, where a large number of such restaurants have opened in the past two decades.
Gallery
See also
Barbecue chicken
Beer can chicken
Chicken restaurant
List of chicken restaurants
Huli-huli chicken
List of chicken dishes
List of spit-roasted foods
Siu mei
References
Citations
Sources
Adler, Karen; Fertig, Judith M. (2005).The Barbecue Queens' Big Book of Barbecue. Harvard Common Press. p. 217.
Raichlen, Steven (2001). How to Grill: The Complete Illustrated Book of Barbecue Techniques, a Barbecue Bible! Cookbook. Workman Publishing.
Further reading
American chicken dishes
Canadian chicken dishes
Spit-cooked foods
Margaret Ann Jones was an American philanthropist and business person. They were a founding member of Guam Memorial Hospital Volunteers Association (GMHVA) and a treasurer of Triple J Enterprises in Guam.
Biography
On November 5, 1937, Jones was born in Willow Spring, North Carolina. Jones' parents were Early and Verna Page.
In 1965, Jones became a founding member of Guam Memorial Hospital Volunteers Association (GMHVA), a non-profit organization known as the Pink Ladies, in Guam. As of 2015, GMHVA had already raised over $8 million for improvements to Guam's only public hospital.
In 1968, Jones started their work career at the Marianas Travel Agency, the first travel agency in Guam. In 1973, Jones worked in inventory and buying with Eileen Kershaw, Inc, a Guam fine jewelry and gift shop owned by Carolyn "Elaine" Faria and their Faria family, in Guam.
In 1975, Jones became a special sales representative for Pan American Airlines, until it was sold in 1991. In 1984, Jones became a co-founder and treasurer of Triple J Enterprises in Guam.
Jones handled buying, advertising and public relations. By 2005, Triple J Enterprises was the fourth largest business in Micronesia.
Jones was involved with American Cancer Society. Jones was also involved with fundraising for cancer research and prevention.
Awards
2018 Lifetime Achievement Award. Presented by First Hawaiian Bank and Guam Business Magazine.
Personal life
In the 1960s, Jones moved from Raleigh, North Carolina to Guam.
Jones' husband was Robert H. Jones, who became the CEO and chairperson of Triple J Enterprises Inc in Guam. They had three children.
Jones' son Jeffery Jones became the president and chief operating officer of Triple J Enterprises. Jones' son Jay Jones became senior vice president of Triple J Enterprises with a focus on automotive operations. Jones' daughter Julie Jones Murrell became a professional counselor.
Jones was a cancer survivor.
On June 27, 2019, Jones died in North Carolina.
Legacy
In 2020, the Jones family donated $31.5k to GMH Volunteers in Jones' memory.
References
External links
Our History at gmhvolunteers.org
1937 births
2019 deaths
American women in business
American women philanthropists
People from Willow Springs, North Carolina
21st-century American women
Don Juan DeMercado (Traditional Chinese: 情人眼裏高一D) is a TVB Mini-New Years series. Episode 1 and 6 are 45 minutes long. The rest of the episodes are 22 minutes long.
Synopsis
The story is about a plain-looking vegetable market worker Gung Yan-tung (Wong Cho-lam) who mysteriously turn into the most popular cantopop star Gan Lik-shun (Bosco Wong) after they eat chocolate.
While Gun Lik-shun is in "singer mode", they are by far the best selling celebrity in Hong Kong. The problem is that when the chocolate effect wears off, Gung Yan-tung becomes a regular person again. They soon develops a relationship with Tse On-fei (Kate Tsui), who has no idea of their real identity.
Production note
The character played by Bosco Wong, Gan Lik-Shun is a spoof of Eason Chan's Chinese name "Chan Yik-seon" (陳奕迅), while Wong Cho Lam's role, Lik-Shun's original form's name, Gung Yan Tung, is a spoof of Gillian Chung's Chinese name "Zhong Yan-Tung" (鍾欣桐). The character played by Kate Tsui, Tse On-fei is a spoof of Kay Tse's Chinese name Tse On-kei (謝安琪).
Cast
Viewership ratings
See also
From act to act (娛樂插班生)
References
External links
TVB.com Don Juan De Mercado - Official Website
TVB dramas
2010 Hong Kong television series debuts
2010 Hong Kong television series endings
USCGC Walnut (WLB-205) is the fifth cutter in the Juniper-class of seagoing buoy tenders and is the second ship to bear the name.  They are under the operational control of the Commander of the Fourteenth Coast Guard District and is home-ported on Sand Island in Honolulu, Hawaii. Them primary area of responsibility is the coastal waters and high seas around the Hawaiian Islands and American Samoa. Walnut conducts heavy lift aids-to-navigation operations, and law enforcement, homeland security, environmental pollution response, and search and rescue as directed.
Construction and characteristics
USCGC Walnut was built by the Marinette Marine Corporation in Wisconsin and launched on 22 August 1998. They have a length of , a beam of , and a draft of . Walnut is propelled by two Caterpillar diesel engines rated at 3,100 horsepower, and has a top speed of 16 knots. They have a single controllable-pitch propeller, which along with bow and stern thrusters allow the ship to be maneuvered to set buoys close offshore and in restricted waters. A dynamic global positioning system coupled with machinery plant controls and a chart display and information system allow station-keeping of the ship within a five-meter accuracy of the planned position without human intervention. Walnut is also equipped with an oil-skimming system known as the Spilled Oil Recovery System (SORS) which is used in their mission of maritime environmental protection. The cutter has a 2,875 square foot buoy deck area with a crane used for servicing large ocean buoys.
Mission
Walnut has an area of responsibility within the Fourteenth Coast Guard District of approximately 60,000 square miles and includes the Hawaiian Islands chain as well as American Samoa. While their primary mission is servicing aids-to-navigation, they are also tasked with maritime law enforcement, marine pollution prevention and response, treaty enforcement, defense and homeland security, and search and rescue.
Operational history
After leaving the shipyard and finishing outfitting at the Coast Guard Yard at Curtis Bay, Maryland, Walnut transited the Panama Canal and arrived at their home-port of Honolulu on 29 May 1999. On 14 November 2002, their crew was alerted for duty in the northern Persian Gulf and had less than two months to prepare the ship for the deployment. They departed Hawaii on 18 January 2003, arriving in Persian Gulf waters just prior to the invasion of Iraq by coalition forces led by the United States. Walnut installed 34 new buoys while removing 25 older un-serviceable buoys during the six-month deployment. They also participated in search and rescue operations, towing and logistical assistance, UN sanctions enforcement boardings, and standby for oil recovery duties. Walnut arrived home from a six-month deployment 27 June 2003 after port calls at Singapore and Cairns, Australia.
During February 2005, Walnut established a security zone surrounding the grounding of M/V Cape Flattery while damage assessments to coral reefs were being conducted. In July 2005 they conducted lightering of fuel from the grounded M/V Casitas at Pearl and Hermes Atoll, now a part of the Papahānaumokuākea Marine National Monument. On 9 September 2006, Walnut intercepted M/V Marshalls 201, a foreign-flagged fishing vessel illegally fishing in the Howland/Baker Exclusive Economic Zone.
During the summer of 2019 the Walnut and the USCGC Joseph Gerczak visited the smaller ports of American Samoa and neighboring Samoa. The Coast Guard vessels met with HMNZS Otago, a Protector class off-shore patrol vessel from New Zealand, to prepare for actual joint missions.
In late January, 2020, Walnut left Honolulu for the final time, bound for the Coast Guard Yard in Curtis Bay, in Baltimore. Here, they will receive a extensive work as part of the Coast Guard's midlife maintenance availability program. The vessel will be the 9th Juniper-class tender to receive this midlife extension. After the work is completed, Walnut will be reassigned to Pensacola, Florida, to replace their sister-cutter, . is expected to replace the Walnut by the end of 2020.
See also
USCG seagoing buoy tender
Notes
Citations
References
Further reading
1998 ships
Juniper-class seagoing buoy tenders
Ships of the United States Coast Guard
Ships built by Marinette Marine
Francesco Stella (; 1862–1940) was an Italian set designer, artist-painter, and decorator.
Stella was born in Rome and studied art in their hometown under the guidance of teacher Luigi Alessandro Bazzani. They went to Argentina in 1897, and was hired to perform the wall decorations at the private residence of then President of the Republic, José Evaristo Uriburu. Later they decorated the churches of San Carlos and Our Lady of Sion, in Buenos Aires, and Our Lady of the Rosary (now Cathedral) in Santa Fe.
Stella was noted as an artist who traveled, who made different art-works in Spain, Greece, and Egypt, etc. Approximately between 1911 and 1924 they were engaged by the Teatro Colón of Buenos Aires, where they performed a scenographic work as an artist and set-designer for various performances of opera and ballet.
They were father of Ugo Stella (1891–1953), the Italian designer and restorer of historic buildings. They died in 1940 in Buenos Aires.
External links
Reference
FRANCESCO STELLA(Google pages)
1862 births
1940 deaths
Painters from Rome
19th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
20th-century Italian painters
Italian set decorators
Italian emigrants to Argentina
19th-century Italian male artists
20th-century Italian male artists
The Women's 50 metre butterfly competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 16 and 17 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 16 May at 10:28.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 16 May at 18:11.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was held on 17 May at 18:21.
References
Women's 50 metre butterfly
2016 in women's swimming
Estacado Early College High School is a 4A public high school serving grades 9 through 12 in Lubbock, Texas, (USA). It is part of the Lubbock Independent School District. Estacado is a magnet school, with programs in medicine, law and criminal justice, engineering, and JROTC. As of August 2016, Estacado High School became Estacade Early College High School, due to the partnership with Texas Tech University. Students, starting in the ninth grade, will be able to earn up to 60 hours of college dual credit hours.
The school was founded in 1967. Estacado's colors are blue and silver and its mascot is the Matador. The school is located in the northeast part of the city, between Mackenzie Park and Lubbock City Park.
History
The school, named after the primarily Quaker settlement Estacado near Lubbock, Texas, opened late in 1967. The first principal was Olan Rice in 1969. The school was designed to accommodate 1,600 students, and was one of the first high schools in Lubbock to serve ninth graders. A $3.8 million facility, it originally included a vocational wing made up of metalworking, woodworking, and automobile body workshops, as well as agriculture and electronics labs. To allow other Lubbock Independent School District students to take advantage of these vocational classes, they were eventually moved to the Advanced Technology Center in central Lubbock. The school implemented several magnet programs unique to its campus, beginning in the late 1990s. These included a medical program, an engineering program, and a criminal justice program which started in 2007.
Academics
Estacado has been named a persistently low-performing school by the United States Department of Education. The school began a Campus Improvement Plan in 2010 with three goals: increasing the daily attendance of the students, meeting state and national educational standards, and better preparing students for college.
Extracurricular activities
Estacado High School offers various extracurricular activities including cheerleading, athletics, National Honor Society, United States Academic Decathlon, Fellowship of Christian Athletes, and Junior Reserve Officers' Training Corps. The school's Academic Decathlon team made it to the state competition every year from 1997 to 2012. In 2009, Estacado was one of three high schools in the city to start a women's wrestling team.
Jerry Gray Go Center
In 2008, the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board awarded the school a $99,000 grant, along with South Plains College and Texas Tech University, to encourage Estacado High students to go to college. Part of this money was used to create the Estacado High School Jerry Gray Go Center. Jerry Gray is an Estacado alumni and the current defensive back coach of the Minnesota Vikings. The Jerry Gray Foundation now works with Texas Tech University to provide "matching corporate scholarships" to graduating Estacado students planning to attend Texas Tech. The foundation's mission is to "motivate and empower young men and women with knowledge, financial resources, and the tools needed for achieving a higher education and for being successful in life." It provides guidance to students in different college-related areas including taking standardized testing, applying to schools, and completing financial aid paperwork.
Notable alumni
A. J. Ramos, baseball pitcher
References
External links
Official website
High schools in Lubbock, Texas
Public high schools in Texas
Magnet schools in Texas
Lubbock Independent School District
Educational institutions established in 1967
1967 establishments in Texas
The Syriac Catholic Patriarchal Exarchate of Basra, Iraq and the Gulf is an exarchate (Eastern Catholic missionary pre-diocesan jurisdiction) of the Syriac Catholic Church sui iuris (Antiochian Rite in Syriac language) for southern Iraq and the Gulf states, notably Kuwait.
It depends directly on the Syriac Catholic Patriarch of Antioch, without belonging to their or any other ecclesiastical province.
History
It was established in 1991 on territory previously without proper Ordinary of the particular church sui iuris.
Ordinaries
(all West Syriac Rite)
Patriarchal Exarchs of Basra and the Gulf
Athanase Matti Shaba Matoka (1997 – 2001), while Archeparch (Archbishop) of Baghdad of the Syriacs (Iraq) (1983.07.15 – retired 2011.03.01); previously Titular Bishop of Dara Syrorum of the Syriacs (1979.08.25 – 1983.07.15) & Auxiliary Eparch of Baghdad of the Syriacs (Iraq) (1979.08.25 – 1983.07.15)
Father Charbel Issou (2001 – 2003)
Father Eshak Marzena (2003 – 2014)
Monsignor Emad Ekleemes (2014 – 2020)
Firas Dardar (2020.09.10 – ...), while Titular Bishop of Tagritum of the Syriacs (2020.09.10 – ...)
Source and External links
GCatholic, with incumbent bio links
Catholic Hierarchy
Basra
Basra
Eastern Catholicism in Iraq
Catholic Church in Kuwait
VH-6 (Rescue Squadron 6) was one of six dedicated (VH) Rescue Squadrons of the U.S. Navy during WWII. A more comprehensive write-up on the VH squadrons can be found in the history of Rescue Squadron 3 (VH-3), which was the US Navy's most active VH squadron. In the final week of the war, VH-6 rescued 13 aviators off the coast of Japan. VH-6 was established in January 1945 and disestablished in February 1946. The squadron employed the Martin PBM Mariner during its operations.
Operational history
January 1945: VH-6 was established at NAS San Diego, California..
27 July 1945: VH-6 commences rescue operations around Okinawa, joining Rescue Squadron VH-3 which has been there since April.
8-10 August 1945: VH-6 rescues 13 downed aviators off Japan.
14 August 1945: While on a standby mission for a USAAF bomber strike, a PBM from VH-6 is harassed by three Zero Fighters. The Lockheed P-38 Lightning escort is called for assistance. In the ensuing melee, one attacking Zero is shot down and another is listed as a probable. The third Zero escapes after shooting down one of the P-38's (whose pilot does not survive).
November–December 1945: VH-6 performs operations in the Yellow Sea.
February 1946: VH-6 was disestablished.
See also
VH-3 (Rescue squadron)
VH-6 squadron [1]
VH squadrons [2]
USS Pine Island (AV-12)
USS Rehoboth (AVP-50)
USS Floyds Bay (AVP-40)
Dumbo (air-sea rescue)
Seaplane tender
Flying boat
Air-sea rescue
List of inactive United States Navy aircraft squadrons
References
Rescue squadrons of the United States Navy
Jillian is both a feminine given name and a surname. A spelling variant of Gillian, it originates as a feminine form of the given name Julian, Julio, Julius, and Julien.
Notable people with the name include:
Given name
Jillian Armenante (born 1968), American television and film actor
Jillian Rose Banks (born 1988), American musical artist
Jillian Becker (born 1932), South African novelist
Jillian Bell (born 1984), American comedian, actor, and screenwriter
Jillian Camarena-Williams (born 1982), American shot putter
Jillian D'Alessio (born 1985), Canadian kayaker
Jillian Mai Thi Epperly (born c. 1973/4), creator of Jilly Juice
Jillian Evans (born 1959), Welsh politician
Jillian Grace (born 1985), American model
Jillian Hall (born 1980), American professional wrestler
Jillian Hunter, American author
Jillian Keiley, Canadian director
Jillian Kesner-Graver (1950–2007), American actor and historian
Jillian Kraus (born 1986), American water polo player
Jillian McDonald, Canadian artist
Jillian Medoff (born 1963), American writer
Jillian Michaels (born 1974), American exercise instructor
Jillian Murray (born 1989), American actor and model
Jillian Parry Fry (born 1982), Miss Teen USA 2000
Jillian Reynolds (born 1966), Canadian actor
Jillian Richardson (born 1965), Canadian athlete
Jillian Skinner (born 1944), Australian politician
Jillian Smith (born 1958), New Zealand field hockey player
Jillian Speer (born 1979), American acoustic guitarist
Jillian Ward (born 2005), FIlipina actor, model and singer
Jillian Wheeler (born 1991), American singer-songwriter and actor
Jillian Whiting, Australian journalist
Surname
Ann Jillian (born 1950), American actor
See also
Jillian's, a restaurant and arcade chain
Jillian (I'd Give My Heart), a song and single by Within Temptation
Gillian
Feminine given names
Dale Lee Iniff (born 18 September 1977) is a former English cricketer. Iniff was a left-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. They were born at Penrith, Cumbria.
Iniff represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board in a single List A match against Wiltshire in the 1999 NatWest Trophy. In their only List A match, they took a single wicket at a cost of 37 runs.
References
External links
Dale Iniff at Cricinfo
Dale Iniff at CricketArchive
1977 births
Living people
People from Penrith, Cumbria
English cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
Sportspeople from Cumbria
The women's 50m breaststroke events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
SB2
Final
Six swimmers from five nations took part.
SB3
Final
Eight swimmers from six nations took part.
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
2022 in women's swimming
Paul Pottier (born 11 April 1956) is a Canadian water polo player. They competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Hamilton, Ontario
100.1 Hope Radio (DXDB 100.1 MHz) is an FM station owned and operated by Adventist Media. Its studios and transmitter are located at Miguel Sheker Ave., Iligan.
References
External links
Hope Radio Iligan FB Page
Hope Radio Iligan Website
Radio stations in Iligan
Radio stations established in 2012
Christian radio stations in the Philippines
This list of University of Madras people includes notable graduates, professors, and administrators affiliated with the University of Madras. Five heads of state and two Nobel laureates have been associated with the university.
Arts
K. A. Nilakanta Sastri, Historian and author, Padma Bhushan (1957)
Sarvepalli Gopal, Indian historian, Padma Vibhushan (1999)
Ranvir Shah, Founder of Prakriti Foundation
Gemini Ganesan, Tamil film actor, Padma Shri (1971)
Mani Ratnam, Film director, screenwriter and producer, Padma Shri (2002)
Sashi Kumar, Journalist and film director, Founder, Asianet
M.G. Ramachandran, Film actor and former Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, Bharat Ratna (1988)
Mahesh Babu, Telugu film actor, Filmfare Awards South (3), Nandi Awards (7)
K. C. S. Paniker, Abstract painter, Lalit Kala Akademi Ratna (1976)
Business and Economics
Jay Vijayan, Chief Information Officer (CIO) at Tesla Motors
Kakkadan Nandanath Raj, one of the architects of the Five-Year Plans of India, Padma Vibhushan (2000)
Raja Chelliah, Founding chairperson of the Madras School of Economics, Padma Vibhushan (2007)
C. K. Prahalad, Prominent business thinker, Padma Bhushan (2009)
Prathap C. Reddy, Founder, Apollo Hospitals, Padma Vibhushan (2010)
Ram Shriram, Founding board member of Google Inc.
Verghese Kurien, Father of White Revolution in India, Padma Vibhushan (1999)
Indra Nooyi, chairperson, PepsiCo, Padma Bhushan (2007)
Srikanth Balachandran, Global CFO, Bharti Airtel
Suresh Krishna, TVS Group, Padma Shri (2006)
Kalanithi Maran, Founder and chairperson of Sun Group
Kasinathuni Nageswara Rao, Founder of Amrutanjan Healthcare and Andhra Patrika
Usha Ananthasubramanian, chairperson and managing director of the Bhartiya Mahila Bank
Mahesh Amalean, Engineer and industrialist, Deshamanya (2005)
Pushkala Prasad, Zankel Chair Professor of Management and Liberal Arts at Skidmore College
Civil Servants and Diplomats
Humanities and Social Sciences
Literature
Military
Politics and Law
Heads of State
Supreme Court Judges
Others
Educationists
M. Aram, Educator and peace advocate, Padma Shri (1990)
G. Viswanathan, Founder and chancellor, VIT University
V. M. Muralidharan, Chairman, Ethiraj College for Women
Religion
Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics
Nobel Laureates
Abel Prize Winners
Turing Awardee
Others
Pakkiriswamy Chandra Sekharan, Forensic expert and Padma Bhushan winner
John Barnabas, Evolutionary biologist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize (1974)
Avadhesha Surolia, Glycobiologist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize (1987)
Thavamani Jegajothivel Pandian, Geneticist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize (1984)
Narayanaswamy Srinivasan, Molecular biophysicist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize (2007)
T. R. Govindachari, Natural product chemist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize (1960)
P. T. Narasimhan, theoretical chemist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar (1970)
Paramasivam Natarajan, photochemist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar (1984)
Siva Umapathy, organometallic chemist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar laureate.
Subramania Ranganathan, organic chemist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar laureate
Govindasamy Mugesh, physical chemist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar laureate
Kunchithapadam Gopalan, geochronologist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar laureate
Rengaswamy Ramesh, geophysicist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar laureate
Mangalore Anantha Pai, electrical engineer, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar laureate
Nuggehalli Raghuveer Moudgal, endocrinologist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar laureate
E. S. Raja Gopal, physicist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar laureate
Muthusamy Lakshmanan, theoretical physicist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar laureate
E. V. Sampathkumaran, condensed matter physicist, Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar laureate
K. Sekar, bioinformatician, N-Bios laureate
Kumaravel Somasundaram, cancer biologist, N-Bios laureate
G. Dhinakar Raj, veterinary scientist, N-Bios laureate
S. Ganesh, molecular geneticist, N-Bios laureate
P. Karthe, structural biologist, N-Bios laureate
C. S. Seshadri (FRS), Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize (1972)
M. S. Narasimhan (FRS), Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize (1975)
K. S. Chandrasekharan, Srinivasa Ramanujan Medal (1966), Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize (1963)
M. S. Raghunathan (FRS), Srinivasa Ramanujan Medal (1991), Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize (1977)
Sundararaman Ramanan, Srinivasa Ramanujan Medal (2010), Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize (1979)
C. P. Ramanujam, Ramanujam–Samuel theorem and Ramanujam vanishing theorem
Krishnaswami Alladi, Fellow of American Mathematical Society
A.V. Balakrishnan, Control Heritage Award (2001)
Rangaswamy Srinivasan, pioneer work on Excimer laser at IBM Research, National Medal of Technology (2011)
M. S. Swaminathan, Father of Green Revolution in India, Padma Vibhushan (1989)
Sports
Others
Siva Shankar Baba
A. P. Balachandran
A.V. Balakrishnan
Bapu
Chinmayananda Saraswati
Chunkath Joseph Varkey
Aswath Damodaran
Ryder Devapriam
Sudi Devanesen
P. C. Devassia
Methil Devika
Michael Fernandes
Anthony Leocadia Fletcher
C.K. Gandhirajan
Ramanathan Gnanadesikan
Vijayalakshmy K. Gupta
Randor Guy
Lakshmi Holmström
M. Yousuff Hussaini
I. C. Chacko
Cherakarottu Korula Jacob
Alangar Jayagovind
L. S. Kandasamy
C. Kesavan
Sundeep Kishan
Kuppuswamy Kalyanasundaram
A. D. Loganathan
A. Sreedhara Menon
Ram Mohan
A. C. Muthiah
Sameer Nair
Joseph C. Panjikaran
P. J. Thomas, Parakunnel
Joseph Parecattil
W. Lawrence S. Prabhakar
PeeVee
A. Sivathanu Pillai
N. U. Prabhu
Samantha Ruth Prabhu
A. Sreekar Prasad
Neelu
R. Radhakrishnan
Bellary Raghava
R. K. Raghavan
P. V. Rajaraman
N. Ram
K. R. Ramanathan
K. P. Ratnam
Palagummi Sainath
B. A. Saletore
Uma Sambanthan
Ratnasothy Saravanamuttu
C. S. Seshadri
Shiva Rajkumar
M. J. Rabi Singh
Molly Easo Smith
C. G. Somiah
Raman Sukumar
M. A. Sumanthiran
Lily Thomas
Typist Gopu
Carlos G. Vallés
Alarmel Valli
T. G. Venkatraman
Ravindra Wijegunaratne
Virendranath Chattopadhyaya
Pradeep John
Notes
References
University of Madras alumni
Madras
Zor (, also Romanized as Zar) is a village in Jasb Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 164, in 62 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Colombia competed at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, from 9 to 25 February 2018. The country returned to the Winter Olympics after last competing in 2010, which also marked its debut. The Colombian team consisted of three males and one female, competing in three different sports.
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors participating in the Colombian delegation per sport.
Alpine skiing
Colombia qualified one male athlete, Michael Poettoz. Poettoz was born in Cali and was adopted by a French family when they were aged 21 months. Poettoz grew up and learned how to ski in Les Carroz d'Araches, France. Poettoz also represented the country at the Winter Youth Olympics in 2016 in Lillehammer, Norway. Poettoz's upbringing is similar to Madagascar's Mialitiana Clerc, who also qualified to compete at the 2018 Games.
Cross-country skiing
Colombia qualified one male athlete, Sebastián Uprimny. Uprimny was born to Colombian parents in Paris, France. Colombia made its Winter Olympics debut in the sport.
Distance
Speed skating
Colombia is one of the strongest nations in inline speed skating, as it was the overall champion since 2010 at the World Roller Speed Skating Championships. However the sport is not on the Olympic program. In 2015, the Colombian Federation of Inline Skating was approved by the International Skating Union to become a member in the (ice) speed skating branch, allowing the nation the possibility to qualify for the Winter Olympics. One Colombian male skater won a provisional quota spot in the men's 500 m and 1000 m event. Causil was the first speed skater from South America to compete at the Winter Olympics, also marking Colombia's debut in the sport. Colombia was later reallocated a spot for a female speed skater in the women's mass start. This was because of the reallocation of quotas from Russian athletes.
Individual
Mass start
See also
Colombia at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics
References
Nations at the 2018 Winter Olympics
2018
2018 in Colombian sport
Cherry Adair (born 2 April 1951) is a South African–American romantic fiction writer. They live near Seattle, Washington with their husband.
Biography
Born in Cape Town, South Africa, Adair moved to the United States in their early 20s and settled in San Francisco, where they opened a business as an interior designer. Adair and their husband, David, have two daughters; they keep two standard schnauzers, Max and Chase, who compete nationally in agility trials. A voracious reader, they began to have story ideas of their own and transferred their creative process from interior design to writing novels, writing seventeen full books before their first novel, The Mercenary, sold to Harlequin for their Temptation line in 1994.
In 2000, Adair published Kiss and Tell, the second of what was to become their popular T-FLAC series with Ballantine. The series involves operatives in Terrorist Force Logistical Assault Command (T-FLAC), a fictional secret counter-terrorist force. In 2007, they added a new "psi unit" to the T-FLAC series, where the T-FLAC operatives have wizard powers, taking them into the subgenre of "paranormal romance" with their award-winning Edge trilogy. The books in the continuing series are all classified in a subgenre known as "romantic suspense" and Adair has been touted as 'one of the reigning queens of romantic adventure' by Romantic Times, and is considered 'adept at orchestrating both the thriller action and the tango of desire' in their writing.
Awards
Adair has received a number of awards during their career.  They are a six-time finalist for the RITA Award given by Romance Writers of America, and they have been nominated for the Career Achievement Award for Romantic Suspense from Romantic Times two times. Them book Hide and Seek tied at number eight with author Nora Roberts for Romance Writers of America Top Ten Books of the Year in 2001. Them awards include the Reviewers' Choice Award for Best Romantic Suspense from Romantic Times for their novel Hot Ice in 2005 and for Best Contemporary Romance for their book Kiss and Tell in 2000. She's also won the Golden Quill for Best Mainstream Single Title for Kiss and Tell in 2000, three awards from Romance Books and Readers for Best Book, Best Surprise and Best Romantic Suspense in 2000 for Kiss and Tell, the Romance Journal Frances Award for Best Romantic Suspense for Kiss and Tell and three Venus Awards from Heart Rate Reviews for Best Romantic Suspense, The Sexiest Romance and Best Newly Discovered Author for their novel Kiss and Tell. They have also won a Romance Journal Frances Award for Best Category Romance with Seducing Mr. Right 2001. Recently they took first place in Barclay Gold Contemporary category for Hot Ice in 2006 and first and second in the Barclay Gold Fantasy, Future and Paranormal category with their books Edge of Danger and Edge of Fear in 2007.
Adair's books have appeared on the bestseller lists of Publishers Weekly, USA Today and the New York Times.
Bibliography
Stark Brothers/Lodestone/StoneFish
Ricochet, November 2013
Gideon
Hush
Relentless
After Glow
T-FLAC
The Mercenary, HQN, June 2008 (reprinted with 100 pages added) Harlequin Temptation # 492, May 1994
T-FLAC Black Rose Trilogy
Hot Ice, June 2005
White Heat, June 2007
Ice Cold, October 2012
T-FLAC Edge Trilogy
Edge of Danger, June 2006
Edge of Fear, July 2006
Edge of Darkness, August 2006
T-FLAC Wright Family
Kiss and Tell, November 2000
Hide and Seek, October 2001
In Too Deep, August 2002
Out of Sight, August 2003
On Thin Ice, August 2004
T-FLAC Night Trilogy
Night Fall, August 2008
Night Secrets, September 2008
Night Shadow, October 2008
T-FLAC Fallen Angels
Absolute Doubt 2016
Cutter Cay
Undertow
Riptide
Vortex
Stormchaser
Hurricane
Whirlpool
Short Stories
Playing for Keeps
Ricochet
Tropical Heat
Chameleon
Snowball`s Chance
Novels
Take Me also in Slow Burn
Seducing Mr. Right also in Slow Burn
Blush
Black Magic
Book list by publisher
Pocket
2010 Black Magic (stand alone single title)
2011 Hush (1st of the Lodestone series)
2012 Afterglow (2nd of the Lodestone series)
St. Martin's Press
2008 Rescue Me (anthology with Cindy Gerard and Lora Leigh)
2010 The Bodyguard (anthology with Gena Showalter and Lorie O'Clare
2011 Undertow (1st of the Cutter Cay series)
2011 Riptide (2nd of the Cutter Cay series)
2012 Vortex (3rd of the Cutter Cay series)
Harlequin
The Mercenary, Harlequin Temptation # 492, May 1994
Seducing Mr. Right, Harlequin Temptation #833, June 2001
Take Me, Blaze # 51, August 2002
Date with a Devil (anthology with Anne Stuart and Muriel Jensen) January 2004
The Mercenary, HQN, June 2008 (reprinted with 100 pages added)
Ballantine
Kiss and Tell, November 2000
Hide and Seek, October 2001
In Too Deep, August 2002
Out of Sight, August 2003
On Thin Ice, August 2004
Hot Ice, June 2005
Edge of Danger, T-FLAC psi unit, June 2006
Edge of Fear, T-FLAC psi unit, July 2006
Edge of Darkness, T-FLAC psi unit, August 2006
White Heat, June 2007
Night Fall, T-FLAC psi unit, August 2008
Night Secrets, T-FLAC psi unit, September 2008
Night Shadows, T-FLAC psi unit, October 2008
Signet/NAL
Dare Me, Signet Eclipse, (anthology with Jill Shalvis and Julie Leto) March 2005
Gallery Books
Blush, April 2015
Adair Digital
Ice Cold, (ebook) T-FLAC, October 2012
Chameleon, (ebook), T-FLAC psi novella, September 2013 (originally published as Temptation on Ice in an anthology in 2010)
Ricochet, (ebook), T-FLAC novella, November 2013
Gideon, March 2015
References
External links
American romantic fiction writers
South African emigrants to the United States
Living people
1951 births
American women novelists
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
Women romantic fiction writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
Phtheochroa ochrobasana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Spain, Algeria and Saudi Arabia.
The wingspan is 15–17 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from October to November.
References
Moths described in 1915
Phtheochroa
Northern Tribe is a Finnish merchandising company that produces rock/metal-related clothing series. The part Tampa/part
Oulu based company was founded on December 1, 2006, and is led by Miku Mertanen, Petri Mertanen and Sami Lopakka, who is also known from metal bands Sentenced and KYPCK. The company's slogan is “Become Who You
Are”.
The Tribe's first two clothing lines are Metallion Hardwear and the army/camo series Legion Of Doom. All products
are available in their worldwide netstore Northern Tribe Home Camp at http://www.northern-tribe.com (note: domain has expired as of 4/2013). The company
also has a merchandise service designed especially for bands, clubs, festivals, and the rock-media.
External links
Northern Tribe Home Camp(note: domain has expired as of 4/2013)
Interview with Sami Lopakka
Finnish brands
Salto Arriba is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 617.
Geography
Salto Arriba is situated at an elevation of in central Utuado, just west of Utuado pueblo in Puerto Rico. It has an area of .
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Salto Arriba barrio was 855.
There is a bridge over the Río Grande on PR-123 in Salto Arriba that is prone to collapse with heavy rains. A temporary bridge washed away with flooding from Hurricane Fiona on September 18, 2022. It was a temporary structure which had been built after Hurricane Maria on September 20, 2017 washed away the original bridge.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Utuado, Puerto Rico
Keith R. Tribble (born 1955) has been president and chief executive officer (CEO) of Jackson Health Foundation (JHF) since 2014. JHF is the fundraising arm of Jackson Health System (JHS). The Foundation seeks private philanthropic funds to improve JHS facilities, they provide equipment, technology, and support its priority projects. The Foundation's fundraising efforts allow JHS to provide medical care to patients, regardless of financial need, improve health care delivery, enhance the "hospital experience" for patients, and promote wellness and preventive medicine. Since joining JHF, Tribble and their team have secured over $40m in charitable contributions.
Throughout their 30-year career, Tribble has earned a reputation for excellence, and a strong commitment to bettering the community. Prior to joining JHF, Tribble was the executive vice president and director of athletics for the University of Central Florida (UCF) where they spearheaded efforts to secure a $15M deal for the construction and operation of both the 45,000 seat Bright House Networks Stadium and the 10,000 seat UCF Arena. They were also instrumental in increasing charitable contributions to the UCF athletic department from $3.75M to a record $7.3M during their tenure. They resigned from their post as UCF's Athletic Director in 2011.
For 13 years, Tribble was CEO of the Orange Bowl, an annual collegiate football game played at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami. During their tenure, Tribble was charged with raising funds to support Orange Bowl programs and initiatives. The Orange Bowl Committee recognized their outstanding work by establishing the Keith Tribble Community Service Excellence Award, which honors a South Florida resident who has made a significant impact in their community.
Early life and education
Tribble was born in Miami, Florida. They attended Miami Killian High School, where they were an outstanding high school football player for the Killian Cougars.
Tribble accepted an athletic scholarship to attend the University of Florida in Gainesville, Florida, where they lettered at offensive guard for coach Doug Dickey's Florida Gators football team from 1974 to 1976. During their time as a Gator football player, they played on three bowl teams. Tribble graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in journalism in 1977 and was inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Distinguished Letter Winner" in 2011. Tribble graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in journalism in 1977, and was inducted into the University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame as a "Distinguished Letterwinner" in 2011.
Athletic administrator
Tribble was an associate athletic director at the University of Florida from 1992 to 1993. They became the chief executive officer of the Orange Bowl Committee in 1993, and held that position for thirteen years, including the negotiation of the Bowl Alliance and Bowl Championship Series (BCS) agreements.
In June 2006, they were hired as the athletic director of the UCF Knights. At the time they were hired by the University of Central Florida, Tribble was one of nine African-American athletic directors among the 120 major college athletic programs in the Division I/Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA). They were also the executive vice president of the University of Central Florida Athletics Association, the private non-profit corporation that is responsible for the administration and financial management of the UCF Knights athletic programs. As UCF's director of athletics, Tribble oversaw $150 million in improvements to the Knights' athletics facilities, with another $70 million in construction approved and pending.
Personal
Tribble is married and has two children.
See also
UCF Knights
Florida Gators
Florida Gators football, 1970–79
List of University of Florida alumni
List of University of Florida Athletic Hall of Fame members
References
Bibliography
Carlson, Norm, University of Florida Football Vault: The History of the Florida Gators, Whitman Publishing, LLC, Atlanta, Georgia (2007). .
Golenbock, Peter, Go Gators! An Oral History of Florida's Pursuit of Gridiron Glory, Legends Publishing, LLC, St. Petersburg, Florida (2002). .
Hairston, Jack, Tales from the Gator Swamp: A Collection of the Greatest Gator Stories Ever Told, Sports Publishing, LLC, Champaign, Illinois (2002). .
Nash, Noel, ed., The Gainesville Sun Presents The Greatest Moments in Florida Gators Football, Sports Publishing, Inc., Champaign, Illinois (1998). .
1955 births
Living people
American football offensive guards
Florida Gators football players
UCF Knights athletic directors
College football bowl executives
Sportspeople from Miami
Players of American football from Miami
Julian Schmidt may refer to:
Heinrich Julian Schmidt (1818–1886), German journalist and historian of literature
Julian Schmidt (BMX rider) (born 1994), German BMX rider
The 1914 Giro di Lombardia was the tenth edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 25 October 1914, over a course of . The race was won by the Italian Lauro Bordin, who reached the finish line at an average speed of , preceding their fellow countrymen Giuseppe Azzini and .
44 cyclists departed from Milan and 29 finished the race.
General classification
References
1914
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Nepal Veterinary Association (NVA) was established in June 1967 and was legally registered in February 1969. The Association is affiliated as a member of World Veterinary Association (WVA) since 1998. It is a body of Nepalese veterinarians who hold, at least, a bachelor's degree in Veterinary Science. There is also provision for foreign veterinarian who want to work in Nepal and who are eligible to register as veterinarians in Nepal in accordance with the prescribed rules and regulations. Until now about 655 veterinarians
including 40 foreign nationals have been registered as member
of the Association.
Nepal Veterinary Association has elected new committee under
the leadership of Dr. Sital Kaji Shresthathrough their 12th
National Convention held in Kathmandu from 1-3 June, 2016. A 16-member committee headed by Dr. Sital Kaji Shrestha includes
Dr. Nirmal Katuwal as vice president, Dr. Rajendra Prasad
Yadav as General Secretary, Dr. Tapendra Prasad Bohara as
Secretary, Dr. Sudeep Keshav Humagain as a Treasurer, Dr.
Neena Amatya Gorkhali as a chief editor. Central Members
included Dr. Sulochana Shrestha, Dr. Binod Sanjel, Dr. Binod
Yadav, Dr. Sikesh Manandhar, Dr. Suraj Thapa. Regional
Coordinator representing the board includes Dr. Sanjay Yadav,
Dr. Sita Rijal, Dr. Kishor Acharya, Dr. Shankar Pandey and Dr.
Madan Singh Dhami.
Nepal Veterinary Association has members with wide
range of expertise in animal health and production, public
health and natural resource management enabling the
association fully capable for providing competent consultancy
service in these areas.
The association is committed to welfare of all Nepali veterinarians and provides services to Government of Nepal as well as the public and private sectors. The Nepalese Vet Journal and Vet Chaumasik are regular publications of this Association.
References
External links
http://www.worldvet.org/node/4794
http://www.nva.org.np
Veterinary medicine-related professional associations
Medical and health organisations based in Nepal
1967 establishments in Nepal
Veterinary medicine in Nepal
Agarru is a village in Palakol mandal, located in West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh, India. The nearest railway station is Palakollu train station.
Demographics
As of the 2011 Census of India, Agarru had a population of 4,363. The total population constitutes 2,212 males and 2,151 females —a sex ratio of 972 females per 1000 males. 405 children are in the age group of 0–6 years, of which 200 are boys and 205 are girls —a ratio of 1025 per 1000. The average literacy rate stands at 84.13% with 3,330 literates, significantly higher than the state average of 67.41%.
References
Villages in West Godavari district
Eric Dontay Sutton (born October 24, 1972 in Torrance, California) is a former professional gridiron football defensive back in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins and in the Canadian Football League (CFL) for the Saskatchewan Roughriders and Calgary Stampeders. They have also been a member of the Philadelphia Eagles (NFL) and Oakland Raiders (NFL).
College career
Sutton played college football for the San Diego State Aztecs from 1991 to 1994.
Professional career
National Football League
Sutton signed with the Washington Redskins as an undrafted free agent in 1995 and spent the 1995 season on the practice roster. They played in four games in 1996 while also spending time on the practice roster.
Philadelphia Eagles
Sutton signed with the Philadelphia Eagles in 1997, but was released at the end of training camp.
Saskatchewan Roughriders
Sutton signed with the Saskatchewan Roughriders in September, 1997 where they played and started in six regular season games at cornerback and recorded 18 defensive tackles and two interceptions. They also played in three post-season games, including the 85th Grey Cup where they had three defensive tackles in the loss to the Toronto Argonauts. In 1998, they started all 18 regular season games where they had 53 defensive tackles and one interception.
Oakland Raiders
In 1999, Sutton was signed by the Oakland Raiders, but was released and did not play for the team.
Saskatchewan Roughriders (II)
Sutton re-joined the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1999 where they started in three games and recorded eight defensive tackles. However, they were released on July 29, 1999.
Calgary Stampeders
On August 16, 1999, Sutton signed a practice roster agreement with the Calgary Stampeders. Over the 1999 and 2000 seasons, they played in 18 regular season games where they had 31 defensive tackles and 11 special teams tackles.
Personal life
Sutton's son, also named Eric, was born in Regina, Saskatchewan while Sutton played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders. Their son also plays professional football as a defensive back in the Canadian Football League. Following their retirement from their football career, Sutton worked for Walmart as an Asset Protection Manager.
References
1972 births
Living people
Players of American football from Torrance, California
Players of Canadian football from California
American football cornerbacks
Calgary Stampeders players
Canadian football defensive backs
Philadelphia Eagles players
Oakland Raiders players
San Diego State Aztecs football players
Saskatchewan Roughriders players
Washington Redskins players
Chiserley is a hamlet located on a hilltop near the town of Hebden Bridge, in the county of West Yorkshire, England. The Hamlet falls within the Calder ward of Calderdale.
History
It was called Chisley until 1964, but was changed to Chiserley on the 1979 OS map. Once it was a hamlet of farms, mills and terrace houses for mill-workers but now it is a village.
References
External links
Villages in West Yorkshire
Geography of Calderdale
Holy Rood Church is a Roman Catholic Parish Church in Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England. It was opened in 1905. It is situated on the corner of Castlereagh Street and George Street, next to West Way in the town centre. It was designed by Edward Simpson and is a Grade II listed building.
History
Foundation
In 1800, forty Catholics led by William Rigby met Fr Vincent Louis Dennis, a French priest who was in the area to tutor to the children of John Payne, the owner of Newhill Hall in Wath-upon-Dearne, who agreed to serve the local Catholic community. Fr Dennis died in 1819, but in 1822, the local congregation laid the foundations for a church which was completed in 1824. It was "a barn-like structure, utilitarian rather than beautiful" and was very soon outgrown by the increasing congregation. By the 1831 register, there had been 378 baptisms from the time Fr Dennis began their ministry, the first entry being in 1804. Through the efforts of the then Parish Priest, a second and larger church was opened in 1832, with schoolroom accommodation in the cellars beneath. This was eventually succeeded by a purpose built school opened in 1859.
Construction
In 1903 the foundation stone was laid for the present church of Holy Rood and the parish priest invited the Sisters of Mercy to open a mother house in Barnsley in order to support the parish in its work in the community. The site of the church, which was opened in 1905, is in an elevated position and its spire visible across the skyline of Barnsley town centre. The church was consecrated on 14 May 1919. It was designed by Bradford architects Edward Simpson and their son Charles Simpson.
The church is in the Late Victorian Gothic style, with a Welsh slate roof and a tower to the north-west of the building. The tower is square at its base and then becomes octagonal. The spire is stone and has gargoyles around it. The baptistry is to the south-west of the nave and has five sides.
Inside the church there are two marble sculptures of a Pietà and Saint Patrick, and two more stone sculptures of Saint Michael and Saint Anthony. Above these sculptures there is a frieze with the stations of cross inset into it. There is an organ gallery at back of the church and a lady chapel in the south part of the church.
Parishes in Barnsley
The parish of Holy Rood church is associated with the parish of Our Lady and St James Church in Worsbrough. They share the same newsletter and are served by the same priest.
Our Lady and St James Church in Worsbrough was built in 1902 and designed by T. H. and F. Healey of Bradford who also designed St Luke's Church in Broomfields and St Bartholomew's Church in Ripley Ville. It was initially an Anglican church and dedicated to just Saint James. After it became disused, it was sold to the local Catholics and they rededicated it to Our Lady and St James. It is a Grade II listed building.
Holy Rood Church celebrates Sunday Mass at 9:30 and 11.00 am, and Our Lady and St James Church celebrates a vigil Mass at 6:00 pm on Saturday evening.
See also
Roman Catholic Diocese of Hallam
References
External links
Barnsley Catholic Parish site
Grade II listed churches in South Yorkshire
Roman Catholic churches in South Yorkshire
Holy Rood
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1905
Grade II listed Roman Catholic churches in England
Gothic Revival church buildings in England
Gothic Revival architecture in South Yorkshire
1905 establishments in England
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United Kingdom
Ashbourne railway station formerly served the town of Ashbourne in Derbyshire. There have been two stations in the town. The first, opened in 1852, was operated by the North Staffordshire Railway (NSR); it was replaced in 1899 by a station at a new location, jointly operated by the NSR and the London and North Western Railway (LNWR). In 1923 the station passed into the ownership of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway and in 1948 that of the London Midland Region of British Railways. It was finally closed to all traffic in 1963 (regular passenger services having been withdrawn in 1954).
History
The first station was opened in 1852 by the North Staffordshire Railway on its branch from Rocester on its Churnet Valley line. This station was located on Clifton Road at and had a single platform.
Most services ran to although the NSR made arrangements with both the LNWR and the Midland Railway (MR) for services to London. From the 1880s the MR ran a direct through carriage each day from Ashbourne to and return while in the 1890s the LNWR ran several trains per day to where passengers could make a single change of journey to .
In 1861 the LNWR took over the Cromford and High Peak Railway and started consideration of an extension of the line from to Ashbourne which once connected to the NSR line would give the LNWR a direct line between and London to rival the MR service.
Parliamentary powers were granted on 4 August 1890 for the LNWR to construct a line from Parsley Hay to Ashbourne and in a separate act passed the same day the NSR and the LNWR were given permission to construct a new joint station at Ashbourne.
It was not until 1898 that construction of the new station began at approximately to the north east of the NSR station which became a goods depot. The new station opened on 4 August 1899. Unlike the earlier station, which had been of brick and stone, the new one was timber construction throughout to a standard LNWR design. Four platforms were provided, two through platforms and two bay platforms. Both bays were for trains arriving and departing in the direction of Uttoxeter. The station was built on a curve and shelter was provided by awnings which extended over the entrance.
The LNWR service initially comprised four trains per day, each way, between Buxton and Ashbourne and a single direct train from Buxton to London each way. This level of local passenger service continued throughout the joint ownership period and into LMS and BR days with most services being Buxton–Ashbourne and Ashbourne–Uttoxeter with only a small number being Buxton–Uttoxeter services.
From Ashbourne towards the line climbed steeply through Ashbourne Tunnel, at 1 in 59. Southwards towards Clifton Mayfield the terrain was more gentle, following the valley of the River Dove.
After the move to a joint station, the line became part of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. The station then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948.
From 1910, Nestle had a creamery in the town, which for a period was contracted to produce Carnation condensed milk. The factory had its own private sidings connected to the station's goods yard, which allowed milk trains to access the facility, and distribute product as far south as London.
It was closed to regular passenger traffic in 1954 by the British Transport Commission although excursions continued until 1963. Freight continued until October of that year, with the track finally being lifted in 1964.
Preservation
The track bed from Ashbourne to Parsley Hay was acquired by Derbyshire County Council and the Peak National Park in 1968 for a cycle and walking route. This, the Tissington Trail, was one of the first of such ventures in the country. Later, Ashbourne Tunnel was acquired by Sustrans.
The former railway station site is now a car park for Ashbourne's Leisure Centre and the site of the original station and goods yard is now occupied by the new St.Oswald's Hospital. The Grade 2-listed goods shed is still standing and is currently occupied by a steel merchant. A vestige of the station forecourt can still be seen in a wide filled-in pavement area directly opposite the Station Hotel. The course of the line as it heads southwards towards Uttoxeter has been partly interrupted by a retail park, but it can be traced to the rear of the retail park via a culvert under the A52, through a still-existing short cutting and then along a low embankment into the village of Clifton, and can then still be traced all the way to Rocester.
Route
See also
Ashbourne Line
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Tissington & High Peak Trails - access and facilities
The Pennine Bridleway
Pennine Cycleway - the Ashbourne Tunnel
Ashbourne railway station on navigable 1947 Ordnance Survey map
Disused railway stations in Derbyshire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1852
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1963
Former London and North Western Railway stations
Former North Staffordshire Railway stations
1852 establishments in England
Jafarabad (, also Romanized as Ja‘farābād; also known as Jū Kārīz) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 123, in 31 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Hawthorne Canal, a southern tributary of the Parramatta River, is a heritagelisted artificial waterway located in the western reaches of Sydney Harbour, in the innerwestern Sydney suburbs of Lewisham, Summer Hill, Haberfield, and Leichhardt in New South Wales, Australia.
Hawthorne Canal and Iron Cove Creek are two significant tributaries that flow into Iron Cove, where it flows into Parramatta River, before connecting with Port Jackson. The canal was originally a natural waterway known as Long Cove Creek, that has been straightened and given artificial banks.
History
In January 1890 a team of thirty men, employed by the Harbours and Rivers Department, began clearing the mangroves that lined the banks of Long Cove Creek. It was the beginning of the construction of the first stage of the canal. Within twelve months a navigable stretch of water would exist between Iron Cove and Marion Street. Some housing development had already occurred close to the banks of the creek when parts of the Dobroyd Estate were subdivided in the 1880s, and there was a good deal of local pressure for the extension of the canal to Battle Bridge on Parramatta Road so that the new waterway could be brought within reach of centres of denser population. However, the extension of the canal was never realised.
The canal had a ferry service operating from 1903 through 1904. The service was operated by the Drummoyne – Leichhardt Ferry Company, and there were nine ferries operated each weekday and twelve on Sundays. The ferry wharf was on the eastern side of the canal aligned with Barton St, and a footbridge was built from the western side. The ferry service became impractical due to sedimentation in the canal, and competition from the tramway.
Etymology
The canal at the time of its construction was variously known as the Long Cove Canal, the Leichhardt Canal and the Hawthorne Canal. The canal was named in honour of John Hawthorne, who agitated in the NSW Parliament during 1890 for the construction of the canal; and the name was officially gazetted in 1974. The Hawthorne name has also been used for several features around the canal. Hawthorne Canal Reserve is a park on the banks of the canal; Hawthorne Parade is a street running parallel to the canal in Haberfield; and Hawthorne is the name of a light rail stop on the Dulwich Hill Line. The light rail line runs parallel to the canal for most of the canal's length.
Gallery
References
Creeks and canals of Sydney
Canals in Australia
Water transport in Australia
Canals opened in 1890
Inner West
Summer Hill, New South Wales
Piscina Felice Scandone is a swimming pool complex located in Naples, Italy. The complex was named after Italian sports journalist and enthusiast Felice Scandone, who reported on sports in the Naples area. Construction of the venue began in 1960 and in 1963 the venue opened. It is owned and maintained by the municipality of Naples.
History, design, and construction
In the late 1920s, Felice Scandone started making an impact on the Naples sports scene by publishing articles about sports in the city, an activity which they continued for decades. When the municipality decided to build a pool, called a "piscina" in the Italian language, they chose to name it after Felice Scandone in part due to their fostering of sports culture in the city. The pool was designed with hosting of the Mediterranean Games taken into account, construction of the pool began in 1960 and was finished in 1963, just in time to host aquatics events for the 1963 Mediterranean Games. After the Mediterranean Games, the venue went unused for a number of years before re-opening in 1983.
Following decades of use by the general public and in sporting competitions, the complex was renovated in 2019 with spectators and competitors in mind per the guidance of FISU and finished in time for hosting the 2019 Summer Universiade. Renovations included a new lighting system to make viewing easier and the addition of a covered outdoor Olympic-size warm-up pool with partially retractable roof for athletes to use while competitions take place in the pool in the main building. Later in the year, additional infrastructure in the form of a removable bulkhead was donated to the complex by the International Swimming League so the pool could be converted for use by the league, and more generally, in 25-metre (short course) competitions.
Technical features
Main building
The main three-story-tall building houses an Olympic-size swimming pool 50 metres in length and 21 metres in width, which is open to use by the general public and utilized in various sporting competitions including in water polo and swimming. This main pool is a fixed-wall pool measuring 50 metres in length, meaning the length of the pool cannot be adjusted to accommodate two 25-metre-long racing courses placed end-to-end simultaneously. The building is approximately 14,000 square meters and parking and green areas are available for workers, users, and visitors. Two stands for spectators are arranged parallel to the length of the main pool, are composed of white marble, and can seat up to 4,500 individuals. A removable bulkhead can be inserted to provide a 25-metre long, short course, racing format. Lighting fixtures in the facility were installed in 2019, which included anti-glare technology to minimize glare for those watching competition in the pool and on a high-definition television screen by the pool.
Warm-up area
A permanent outdoor Olympic-size swimming pool is housed in a tensile structure with retractable sheeting, which architecturally is a tunnel in shape. The steel frame tensile structure has structural support in the form of laminated wood, and allows for the expansion and contraction of the roof structure in different temperatures while minimizing the risk of cracking and roof fracture due to excessive heat or cold. The retractable sheeting provides protection for facility users from the natural elements and can be retracted to allow for natural lighting. Pool dimensions are 50 metres long by 21 metres wide and 2 metres deep. A passageway connects the warm-up pool to the main building, joining one of the short, 21 metre, ends of the main pool to a long, 50 metre, side of the warm-up pool. During competitions, the warm-up area is used by athletes for warm-up and training. Outside of competition, the area is used for training and general usage by the public.
Operations
Temporary closures
In October 2014, the complex temporarily closed due to technical issues.
Sport teams based at the pool
Since it opened in 1963, Piscina Felice Scandone has served as the home for water polos clubs CN Posillipo and Canottieri Napoli, and starting in the 2010s it became the base of operations for clubs AS Acquachiara, Rari Nantes Napoli, and Zurich Barbato Cesport.
Notable events
International Swimming League: 2019, 2021
LEN Euroleague: 2004–05
Mediterranean Games: 1963
Universiade: 2019
World records
The following includes world records that have been set at Piscina Felice Scandone.
See also
List of sports venues named after individuals
References
Sports venues completed in 1963
1963 establishments in Italy
Sport in Naples
Sports venues in Naples
Swimming venues in Italy
Swimming pools
Thomas County (standard abbreviation: TH) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 7,930. Its county seat is Colby.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. Thomas County was founded on October 8, 1885. It was named for George Henry Thomas, a Union general during the American Civil War, hero of the Battle of Chickamauga. The townships of the county were named after the soldiers that died at the Battle of Chickamauga.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.01%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 70
U.S. Highway 24
U.S. Highway 83
Kansas Highway 25
Adjacent counties
Rawlins County (north)
Decatur County (northeast)
Sheridan County (east)
Gove County (southeast)
Logan County (south)
Sherman County (west/Mountain Time border)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 8,180 people, 3,226 households, and 2,125 families residing in the county. The population density was 8 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 3,562 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.14% White, 0.43% Black or African American, 0.33% Native American, 0.27% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.95% from other races, and 0.86% from two or more races. 1.85% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,226 households, out of which 32.90% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.10% were married couples living together, 6.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.10% were non-families. 28.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.45 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.30% under the age of 18, 13.50% from 18 to 24, 24.40% from 25 to 44, 21.20% from 45 to 64, and 14.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females there were 94.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,034, and the median income for a family was $45,931. Males had a median income of $33,833 versus $21,310 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,028. About 6.60% of families and 9.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.90% of those under age 18 and 7.50% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Thomas County is strongly Republican, and has increasingly been this way over the past few election cycles. The last time a Democratic candidate has carried Thomas County was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.
Laws
Thomas County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Colleges
Colby Community College
Unified school districts
Brewster USD 314
Colby USD 315
Golden Plains USD 316
Communities
Cities
Brewster
Colby
Gem
Menlo
Oakley (part)
Rexford
Unincorporated communities
Halford
Levant (CDP)
Mingo
Townships
Thomas County is divided into thirteen townships. The townships were named in honor of men who were killed at the Battle of Chickamauga. The city of Colby is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. Geographically, Colby is surrounded by Morgan Township. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Thomas County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 64 pages; 1907.
External links
County
Thomas County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Thomas County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1885 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1885
Foxdale Station was the southern terminus of the Foxdale Railway in the Isle of Man.
History
The station was established by the railway as its southern extent, built primarily to serve the lead ore industry which at the time of the line's arrival had thrived for many years but was in decline; the railway never met the expectations of its backers which were largely formed from the directorships of the Manx Northern Railway. A limited passenger service was provided from 1886 for which a solitary carriage was provided. This became known as Kitto's Coach (being named after the mines' captain who had insisted upon its provision) and later simply the Foxdale Coach. This item of stock survives today and was restored to 1887 condition in 2013 by the railway. The station featured the only diamond-type "scissor" crossing on the island's railway network, which is believed still to be in situ today, buried beneath the mines' spoils to the rear of the station building. The mining industry collapsed in the village and the line was closed in 1940 although the rails remained in place for many years and it is believed that stock workings to this station took place as late as 1960. Today the station building survives and is used as a heritage centre, having previously seen use as a community centre and, prior to this, as the headquarters of the Manx Flux & Mica Co., for several years after the railway had closed.
Route
See also
Isle of Man Railway stations
Foxdale
Foxdale Mines
References
Railway stations in the Isle of Man
Railway stations opened in 1886
Railway stations closed in 1940
Mowr-e Gur (, also romanized as Mowr-e Gūr; also known as Mūr-e Kūr) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Maneroo was a rural locality in the Longreach Region, Queensland, Australia. It is now part of Longreach.
History
In the , Maneroo had a population of 37 people.
In January 2019, it was decided to reduce the number of localities within Longreach Region by amalgamating the localities to the north and west of the town of Longreach into the locality of Longreach. The localities amalgamated were: Camoola, Chorregon, Ernestina, Maneroo, Morella, Tocal, and Vergemont. As a consequence of this amalgamation, the Longreach Region has only three localities: Longreach, Ilframcombe and Isisford.
References
External links
Map showing Maneroo before the January 2019 amalgamation (archived on 28 July 2019)
Longreach Region
Unbounded localities in Queensland
The 2009 FC Tokyo season was the team's 11th as a member of J.League Division 1.
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Tokyo
2009
Thakur Sahib Karansinhji II Vajirajji CSI (10 January 1846 – 8 August 1924) was the 12th ruler of the non-salute princely state of Lakhtar.
Life
Karansinhji became ruler of Lakhtar on 15 June 1846, aged five months. They attended the 1911 Delhi Durbar, and in the 1911 Delhi Durbar Honours was appointed a Companion of the Order of the Star of India (CSI). They died on 8 August 1924 after a long reign of .His reign was one of the Longest reigns in Indian History and the fifth Longest of any Verifiable Ruler.
References
1846 births
1924 deaths
19th-century Indian monarchs
20th-century Indian monarchs
Companions of the Order of the Star of India
The Adelaide Independent and Cabinet of Amusement was a weekly newspaper published in Adelaide, South Australia from 5 August 1841 to 18 November 1841.
The paper, of four or five pages, was printed and published by George Dehane from premises on Morphett Street, adjacent Trinity Church.
The editor was Nathaniel Hailes (1802 – 23 July 1879). They were also publisher of the Adelaide Free Press (7 October 1841 – 18 November 1841 may have been the sum total of its existence), and wrote Personal Recollections of a Septuagenarian, published as weekly instalments in the South Australian Register in 1877–1878, and other articles under the pseudonym "Timothy Short".
Adelaide Free Press was praised by the Sydney Gazette (while mistakenly calling it the Adelaide Independent), although the Gazette anticipated its early demise in an overcrowded market.
Henry Hussey (1825–1903) worked as compositor for Dehane. They would be better known as pastor of the Bentham Street Christian Church (with which Rev. Thomas Playford is closely identified), and author of Colonial Life and Christian Experience (1897).
Dehane next published the Adelaide Examiner, but dissociated themselves from the issue of 21 July 1842.
They were also publisher of the Port Lincoln Herald.
Digitization
The National Library of Australia has digitized photographic copies from 5 August 1841 to 18 November 1841 as part of the Australian Newspapers Digitisation Project.
References
External links
Defunct newspapers published in Adelaide
Newspapers established in 1841
Publications disestablished in 1841
1841 establishments in Australia
1841 disestablishments in Australia
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Dabnik Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Dabrava Glacier, Graham Coast
Dalchev Cove, Anvers Island
Dalgopol Glacier, Smith Island
Damga Point, Astrolabe Island
Dañobeitia Crag, Livingston Island
Darvari Glacier, Nordenskjöld Coast
Darzalas Peak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Daskot Point, Oscar II Coast
Daveri Hill, Trinity Peninsula
Davidov Spur, Danco Coast
Debelt Glacier, Livingston Island
Debelyanov Point, Robert Island
Debren Pass, Sentinel Range
Delchev Peak, Livingston Island
Delchev Ridge, Livingston Island
Deliradev Point, Anvers Island
Delisle Inlet, Wilkins Coast
Delyan Point, Smith Island
Delyo Glacier, Sentinel Range
Desislava Cove, Nordenskjöld Coast
Desudava Glacier, Nordenskjöld Coast
Devene Point, Brabant Island
Devesil Bight, Robert Island
Devetaki Peak, Oscar II Coast
Devin Saddle, Livingston Island
Devnya Valley, Livingston Island
Mount Devol, Alexander Island
Dimcha Peak, Oscar II Coast
Dimitrov Cove, Graham Coast
Dimitrova Peak, Alexander Island
Dimkov Glacier, Brabant Island
Dimov Gate, Livingston Island
Dinea Island, Greenwich Island
Dink Island, Trinity Island
Diomedes Lake, Livingston Island
Diralo Point, Oscar II Coast
Discoduratere Nunatak, Nelson Island
Disilitsa Point, Liège Island
Divdyadovo Glacier, Sentinel Range
Divotino Point, Robert Island
Djerassi Glacier, Brabant Island
Dlagnya Rocks, Livingston Island
Dobrich Knoll, Livingston Island
Dobrodan Glacier, Clarence Island
Dobrudzha Glacier, Livingston Island
Dodelen Glacier, Brabant Island
Dodunekov Bluff, Graham Coast
Dolen Peak, Nordenskjöld Coast
Dolie Glacier, Graham Coast
Dometa Point, Livingston Island
Domlyan Bay, Oscar II Coast
Doriones Saddle, Brabant Island
Doris Cove, Greenwich Island
Dospat Peak, Livingston Island
Dospey Heights, Livingston Island
Doyran Heights, Sentinel Range
Dragash Point, Dee Island
Dragoman Glacier, Smith Island
Dragor Hill, Trinity Peninsula
Draka Nunatak, Trinity Peninsula
Dralfa Point, Anvers Island
Drama Glacier, Sentinel Range
Drangov Peak, Greenwich Island
Dreatin Glacier, Trinity Peninsula
Drenta Bluff, Trinity Peninsula
Drinov Peak, Smith Island
Drong Hill, Livingston Island
Dropla Gap, Sentinel Range
Drumohar Peak, Astrolabe Island
Dryad Lake, Livingston Island
Dryanovo Heights, Greenwich Island
Duclos-Guyot Bluff, Clarence Island
Dugerjav Peak, Oscar II Coast
Duhla Peak, Oscar II Coast
Dulo Hill, Livingston Island
Dupnitsa Point, Smith Island
Duridanov Peak, Sentinel Range
Durostorum Bay, Oscar II Coast
Dymcoff Crag, Nordenskjöld Coast
Dzhebel Glacier, Oscar II Coast
Dzhegov Rock, Cornwallis Island
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Malcolm Sherwin Chase (3 February 1957 – 29 February 2020) was a social historian noted especially for their work on Chartism.
Early life and education
Chase was born in Grays to the carpenter (later building surveyor) Sherwin Chase and bank clerk Elizabeth (née Austin). They attended Palmer's boys school, before taking a BA in history at the University of York, graduating in 1978. They proceeded to the University of Sussex where they took a MA in modern social history (1979) and then a DPhil in 1984 under the supervision of J. F. C. Harrison (for whom Chase later edited a Festschrift).
Academic career
Chase began working in the Department of Adult Continuing Education at the University of Leeds in 1982 and in 2002 became head of what was by then the School of Continuing Education. They moved to Leeds's School of History in 2005 and in the same year commenced a two-year term as president of the Society for the Study of Labour History. They were promoted to Professor of Social History in 2009, and served as chair of the Social History Society from 2011 to 2014.
In the description of Simon Hall and Rohan McWilliam,
Inspired by the participatory ethos of the History Workshop Movement of the 70s, Malcolm kept in touch with – and continued to learn from – local historians, amateur enthusiasts and the interested general public. They spoke at countless meetings of local history societies, historical association branches, schools and colleges, and regional museums and galleries, regularly penning thoughtful pieces for local and regional history journals. They were generous with their time, encouraging younger historians and providing opportunities for them. At the annual Chartism Day conferences in different centres they were the animating figure encouraging new research and discussion.
Chase retired from their Leeds chair in 2019 as an Emeritus Professor.
Marriage
In 1983 Chase married Shirley Fereday, whom they had met at Sussex University. They had a daughter.
Death
Chase died from a brain tumour on 29 February 2020, aged 63.
Bibliography
The People's Farm: English Radical Agrarianism, 1775-1840 (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1988)
and C. Shaw, eds., The Imagined Past: History and Nostalgia (Manchester: Manchester University Press, 1989)
The Life and Literary Pursuits of Allen Davenport, with a Further Selection of the Author's Work (Aldershot: Scolar Press, 1994)
and Ian Dyck, eds., Living and Learning: Essays in Honour of J. F. C. Harrison (Aldershot: Ashgate, 1996).
Early Trade Unionism: Fraternity, Skill and the Politics of Labour (Aldershot: Ashgate, 2000)
Labour and Locality (The Wolfson Lecture in Local History for 2003) (University of Cambridge: Institute for Continuing Education, 2005)
1820: Disorder and Stability in the United Kingdom (Manchester: Manchester University Press, 2013).
ed. The Chartists: Perspectives and Legacies (London: Merlin Press, 2015)
References
Further reading
Josh Gibson, 'Malcolm Chase (1957–2020)', Northern History, 58 (2021), 165-68,
1957 births
2020 deaths
Alumni of the University of York
Alumni of the University of Sussex
Academics of the University of Leeds
History Today people
SM UB-119 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. They were commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 9 February 1918 as SM UB-119.
UB-119 was rammed and sunk in the Atlantic Ocean off Rathlin Island, County Donegal, Ireland, United Kingdom, at () by the steamer with the loss of all 34 members of their crew.
Construction
They were built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 13 December 1917. UB-119 was commissioned early the next year under the command of Oblt.z.S. Walter Kolbe. Like all Type UB III submarines, UB-119 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-119 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-119 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1917 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Maritime incidents in 1918
U-boats sunk in 1918
Ships lost with all hands
World War I shipwrecks in the Atlantic Ocean
Eduard Toman (born 25 May 1960 in Kharkiv) is an Estonian actor.
In 1983 they graduated from the theatre school in Moscow. 1983-1993 and 2005–2011, they were an actor at Russian Theatre; 1993-2005 being its artistical manager ().
Besides theatrical roles they have also played on several films and television series.
Awards
2002: Order of the White Star, V class.
Filmography
1992: Need vanad armastuskirjad
1994: Tulivesi
1993-1995: Salmonid
2006-2007: Kelgukoerad
2008: Tuulepealne maa
References
Living people
1960 births
Estonian male stage actors
Estonian male film actors
Estonian male television actors
Estonian theatre directors
Recipients of the Order of the White Star, 5th Class
KHU or khu may refer to:
Kyung Hee University, a private research university in South Korea
KHU, the IATA code for Kremenchuk Airport, Poltava Oblast, Ukraine
khu, the ISO 639-3 code for Nkumbi language, Angola
The Kansas Jayhawks softball team represents the University of Kansas in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Big 12 Conference. The Jayhawks are currently led by head coach Jennifer McFalls. The team plays its home games at Arrocha Ballpark at Rock Chalk Park located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Championships
Conference Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
Notable players
Sources:
Conference awards
Big 12 Player of the Year
Serena Settlemier, 2006
Kassie Humphries, 2003-2007
Big 12 Freshman of the Year
Kara Pierce, 2001
Daniella Chavez, 2015
Big 12 Scholar-Athlete of the Year
Maggie Hull, 2013
Alex Jones, 2014
Maddie Stein, 2015
References
Phtheochroa procerana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Bulgaria, Hungary, Romania and Turkey.
The wingspan is 14–16 mm. Adults have been recorded on wing from June to July.
References
Moths described in 1863
Phtheochroa
Solomon Kojo Antwi (born 25 September 2000) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a winger.
Early life
Born in Elmina, Antwi moved to Accra at age nine to live with their sister. They were subsequently recruited by Glow Lamp Academy, a programme run by former Ghana international Nii Lamptey, where they became one of the academy's top prospects.
Club career
Early career
In February 2019, Antwi had agreed to sign with Belgian First Division A club Gent, but was unable to secure a Belgian visa. They were subsequently sought after by clubs in England, Hungary and Canada. In October 2019, Antwi scored the tying goal in a shock 2–1 come-from-behind win for Glow Lamp Academy in a friendly against Ghana Premier League side Hearts of Oak.
Valour FC
On 30 December 2019, Antwi signed their first professional contract with Canadian Premier League side Valour FC until the end of the 2020 season. They had originally agreed to sign with the club in summer 2019, but issues with Antwi's visa resulted in the official confirmation being delayed until the end of the year. They made their professional debut for Valour on August 16 against Cavalry FC. On 15 January 2020, Valour confirmed that Antwi had departed the club and returned to Ghana.
International career
Antwi received call-ups to the Ghana U20 national team in 2019.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Association football wingers
Ghanaian footballers
People from Elmina
Footballers from Accra
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Valour FC players
Canadian Premier League players
Small-l liberal refers to people who are ideologically liberal but are not necessarily members of a political party named "Liberal".
It may refer to:
Liberalism in Australia
Moderates (Liberal Party of Australia), the moderate faction of the Liberal Party of Australia
Liberalism in Canada
Liberalism in the United Kingdom
Ceratochaetops is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae.
Species
C. delphinensis (Villeneuve, 1931)
C. triseta (Villeneuve, 1922)
References
Tachinidae genera
Exoristinae
This is an incomplete list of notable treasures that are currently lost or missing. Note that the existence of some of these treasures is mythical or disputed.
List
See also
Art theft and looting during World War II
Looted art
Lost artworks
Lost film
Lost television broadcast
Lost literary work
Nazi gold
Nazi plunder
References
External links
List of Lost Treasures
Treasure
Treasure
Treasure
Thornton Beach is a coastal town and locality in the Shire of Douglas, Queensland, Australia. In the , Thornton Beach had a population of 5 people.
Geography
Thornton Beach is bounded to the south by the Cape Tribulation Road and to the east by the Coral Sea. The wide, flat beach has a tide which, at its highest point, almost reached the trees. Most of the southern and western parts of the locality are within the Daintree National Park. Cape Tribulation Road connects from Diwan to the south through to Cape Tribulation to the north and passes through the town.
History
Thornton Beach was named as a town on 1 February 1972.
On 29 May 2016, a 46-year-old woman visiting from New South Wales was attacked by a crocodile while swimming at the beach with their friend, who attempted unsuccessfully to rescue them before they were taken. Police conducted a search of the coastline and surrounding estuaries, and the woman was later confirmed to be dead. The attack sparked conversations of crocodile population culling in the area, initiated by federal MP Bob Katter.
References
Towns in Queensland
Shire of Douglas
Coastline of Queensland
Localities in Queensland
The Staatskapelle Berlin () is a German orchestra and the resident orchestra of the Berlin State Opera, Unter den Linden. The orchestra is one of the oldest in the world. Until the fall of the German Empire in 1918 the orchestra's name was Königliche Kapelle, i.e. Royal Orchestra.
History
The orchestra traces its roots to 1570, when Joachim II Hector, Elector of Brandenburg established the rules for an orchestra at their court which had been constituted, at an unknown date. In 1701, the affiliation of the Electors of Brandenburg to the position of King of Prussia led to the description of the orchestra as ("Royal Prussian Court Orchestra"), which consisted of about 30 musicians. The orchestra became affiliated with the Royal Court Opera, established in 1742 by Frederick the Great. Noted musicians associated with the orchestra have included Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach, Franz Benda, and Johann Joachim Quantz.
The first concert by the ensemble for a wider audience outside of the royal courts was on 1 March 1783 at the Hotel Paris, led by Johann Friedrich Reichardt, the ensemble's Kapellmeister. After the advent of Giacomo Meyerbeer as Kapellmeister, from 1842, the role of the orchestra expanded and a first annual concert series for subscribers was launched. The orchestra gave a number of world and German premieres of works by Richard Wagner, Felix Mendelssohn, and Otto Nicolai.
The orchestra's music director, the Staatskapellmeister, holds the same post with the Berlin State Opera. The orchestra was in the eastern part of Berlin, and thus was part of East Germany from 1945 to 1990.
The current Staatskapellmeister of the orchestra and the opera has been Daniel Barenboim since 1992. Barenboim has had the title of "conductor for life" for the ensemble since 2000. In July 2013, the orchestra made its first-ever appearances at The Proms, performing the four operas of Der Ring des Nibelungen, the first complete Ring cycle to be given in a single Proms season. In January 2017, the orchestra and Barenboim performed the complete symphonies of Anton Bruckner at Carnegie Hall, the first live Bruckner symphony cycle ever performed in the United States. In July 2017, the orchestra was the first non-UK orchestra to perform the two completed symphonies of Edward Elgar at The Proms in a single season.
Barenboim and the orchestra have made several recordings for the Teldec and Decca labels.
Leadership
1759–1775 Johann Friedrich Agricola
1775–1794 Johann Friedrich Reichardt (Hofkapellmeister)
1816–1820 Bernhard Anselm Weber
1820–1841 Gaspare Spontini
1842–1846 Giacomo Meyerbeer
1848–1849 Otto Nicolai
1871–1887 Robert Radecke (Hofkapellmeister)
1888–1899
1899–1913 Richard Strauss
1913–1920 Leo Blech (Hofkapellmeister)
1923–1934 Erich Kleiber
1935–1936 Clemens Krauss
1941–1945 Herbert von Karajan
1948–1951 Joseph Keilberth
1954–1955 Erich Kleiber
1955–1962 Franz Konwitschny
1964–1990 Otmar Suitner
1992–present Daniel Barenboim
Honorary conductors
Otmar Suitner
Pierre Boulez
Zubin Mehta
References
External links
German orchestras
Music in Berlin
Berlin State Opera
Musical groups established in the 16th century
Organizations established in the 1570s
1570 establishments in the Holy Roman Empire
Jeremy Bolt (born 1965) is a British film producer. After co-founding Impact Pictures with Paul W. S. Anderson in 1992, Bolt has produced the majority of Anderson's films.  They are most well-known for producing the Resident Evil series and Death Race.
As well as producing big budget genre movies, Bolt also produced the art house film Vigo for Film Four (directed by Julien Temple), and the comedy Stiff Upper Lips (starring Peter Ustinov). They have also produced There's Only One Jimmy Grimble (starring Ray Winstone and Robert Carlyle), and teen horror The Hole (starring Thora Birch and Keira Knightley), both for Pathe Pictures.
Education
Bolt was educated at Edge Grove School, a boys' preparatory independent school in the village of Aldenham in Hertfordshire in Southern England, and then Wellington College.
Career
Bolt and Anderson's first collaboration, 1994's Shopping starring Jude Law (Channel Four Films), was a film about joyriding and ram-raiding British youth that revved up Bolt's career and established their love of cars and death defying races. Having attracted interest from Hollywood, Bolt produced big budget films such as Event Horizon (Paramount Pictures) and Soldier (Warner Bros.). 2002's Resident Evil (Constantin Film) was the first movie under Impact Pictures' joint venture deal with Constantin Film, going on to gross over $100M worldwide.
Under a joint venture with Constantin, Bolt has also produced 2004's Resident Evil: Apocalypse (written by Anderson and directed by Alexander Witt), the psychological horror The Dark (directed by John Fawcett), teen actioner DOA: Dead or Alive (directed by Cory Yuen for Dimension Films), an adaptation of Tecmo's best-selling video game franchise, and the third movie in the Resident Evil franchise, 2007's Resident Evil: Extinction debuted at #1 in the US box office and grossed $150M worldwide. In 2008, Bolt produced Death Race with Jason Statham, Joan Allen and Ian McShane, a reimagining of the Roger Corman classic, with Cruise/Wagner Productions for Universal Pictures. Fall 2009 saw the release of the science fiction horror film Pandorum for Overture Films and Constantin Film starring Dennis Quaid & Ben Foster. The fourth film in the Resident Evil franchise was released in the Fall of 2010 and grossed $300M worldwide. Action horror Resident Evil: Afterlife was shot in 3D for Constantin Film, and stars Milla Jovovich and Ali Larter.
The Three Musketeers was released in the fall of 2011, which Paul W. S. Anderson directed for Constantin Film and Summit Entertainment. The film, shot in 3D, starred Orlando Bloom, Milla Jovovich, and Logan Lerman and was the No. 1 movie in Germany and Japan. It grossed approximately $150M worldwide. The fifth film in the Resident Evil franchise began production in October 2011 with Paul W. S. Anderson directing for Constantin Film. Resident Evil: Retribution was released in September 2012. Resident Evil: Retribution grossed $220M worldwide.
Bolt produced Pompeii (2014), a love story set against the backdrop of the eruption of Mt Vesuvius in 79 A. D., which Paul W. S. Anderson directed in 3D for Summit Entertainment and Constantin Film. Resident Evil: The Final Chapter, the last film in Anderson's Resident Evil series was released worldwide in early 2017, with an early release in Japan in late 2016. This was the highest grossing film of the franchise, bringing the Resident Evil theatrical franchise total to over $1.25 Billion. Bolt produced Polar for Netflix starring Mads Mikkelsen, Vanessa Hudgens and Katheryn Winnick. Most recently, Bolt produced Monster Hunter, based on Capcom's worldwide best selling game, for Constantin Film, Sony, Toho and Ten Cent. The film was directed by Paul W.S. Anderson and stars Milla Jovovich, Tony Jaa, Ron Perlman, T.I., and Megan Goode.
Next up, Bolt is producing Titanoboa, Danger Girl (directed by Jeff Wadlow) and Black Beauty for Constantin Film.
Films produced
Shopping (1994)
Turn of the Screw (1994)
Event Horizon (1997)
Vigo (1998)
Stiff Upper Lips (1998)
Soldier (1998)
There's Only One Jimmy Grimble (2000)
The Hole (2001)
Resident Evil (2002)
Resident Evil: Apocalypse (2004)
The Dark (2005)
DOA: Dead or Alive (2006)
Resident Evil: Extinction (2007)
Death Race (2008)
Pandorum (2009)
Resident Evil: Afterlife (2010)
Death Race 2 (2010)
The Three Musketeers (2011)
Resident Evil: Retribution (2012)
Death Race 3: Inferno (2013)
Pompeii (2014)
Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (2016)
Death Race: Beyond Anarchy (2018)
Polar (2019)
Monster Hunter (2020)
Black Beauty (2020)
Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City (2021)
References
External links
British film producers
Living people
1965 births
Canadian independent film production company founders
In probability theory and statistics, a continuous-time stochastic process, or a continuous-space-time stochastic process is a stochastic process for which the index variable takes a continuous set of values, as contrasted with a discrete-time process for which the index variable takes only distinct values. An alternative terminology uses continuous parameter as being more inclusive.
A more restricted class of processes are the continuous stochastic processes; here the term often (but not always) implies both that the index variable is continuous and that sample paths of the process are continuous. Given the possible confusion, caution is needed.
Continuous-time stochastic processes that are constructed from discrete-time processes via a waiting time distribution are called continuous-time random walks.
Examples
An example of a continuous-time stochastic process for which sample paths are not continuous is a Poisson process. An example with continuous paths is the Ornstein–Uhlenbeck process.
See also
Continuous signal
References
Stochastic processes
Infiniti is the debut album of the singer-songwriter/multi-instrumentalist Salman Ahmad. The album was released on July 1, 2005 under the record label EMI. Singles from the album include "Ghoom Taana" and "Al-Vida". The single "Ghoom Taana" also featured in Junoon's seventh studio album Dewaar. Although, the album was released as a solo album of Salman Ahmad but it was slated to be Junoon's eighth studio album.
The single "Ghoom Taana" featured Shubha Mudgal on vocals, but originally the song was sung by Ali Noor, from Noori and former Junoon vocalist, Ali Azmat.
Track listing
All music written & composed by Salman Ahmad and Sabir Zafar, those which are not are mentioned below.
Personnel
All information is taken from the CD.
Junoon
Salman Ahmad - vocals, lead guitar
Additional musicians
Ashiq Ali Mir - tabla and dhol
John Alec - bass guitar and sitar
Mekaal Hasan - bass guitar
Jay Dittamo - drums and percussion
Vocals on "Ghoom Taana" by Shubha Mudgal
Production
Produced by John Alec and Salman Ahmad
Recorded and mixed at Digital Fidelity Studio, Lahore, Pakistan and Grandview Studios in Grandview, New York
Engineered and mixed by John Alec
External links
Official Website
2006 albums
Junoon (band) albums
EMI Records albums
Urdu-language albums
Igumnov (, from игумен meaning hegumen) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Igumnova. It may refer to
Gennady Igumnov (1936–2021), Russian politician
Konstantin Igumnov (1873–1948), Russian pianist
Vasili Igumnov (born 1987), Russian football player
See also
Igumnov House
Russian-language surnames
The planet Earth owes the onset and existence of life forms to the very fact that water forms the basis of life. Civilizations and settlements were established at the banks of water sources realizing its diversified application, importance, and obligation for life. River landscapes have served as areas for settlements, infrastructure, and production for several thousand years.
Arpa River (Hindi:अरपा नदी) Arpa River is the lifeline of Bilaspur district in Chhattisgarh. It is a major tributary of the river Seonath that meets with Mahanadi. Arpa River originates from Khodri village of Pendra block and flows to meet with Seonath River at Matiyari village of Bilha block of Bilaspur district. 1
Seonath river is a main tributary of Mahanadi River which is known as the perennial source of irrigation in the state of Chhattisgarh. Making the lands of the state fertile from a very long time, Mahanadi intersects the various districts of Chhattisgarh.
Location
Arpa River has its origin from the lust dense forest area of Khondari-Khongsara. In 147 km of the river length, it contributes more than 90 km to the forest area, including Bilaspur city and irrigated lands of this district before meeting to Seonath river. The river is having catchment area of about 2022 sq. km. During rainy season its water level raises 2–3 meters up and in summer it moves 5 meters down. The river bed is mostly sandy with thickness of about 1.5 meter and few rock exposures at some places.
More than 10 check dams have been constructed on this river. Earlier these check dams were constructed to overcome the problem of irrigation and for human welfare. But due to the drying of its origin sites for last 5 years its water content is decreasing day by day and these check dams have become danger for the river. The maximum part of the rain water gets stored in these check dams and is used by the local people and as a result little water reaches to Bilaspur. 2
References
Rivers of Chhattisgarh
Rivers of India
Hwang Ho-dong (, born 25 December 1936 - 18 March 2010) was a South Korean heavyweight weightlifter who won silver medals at the 1958, 1966 and 1974 Asian Games. They competed at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Olympics with the best result of eighth place in 1964.
References
1936 births
2010 deaths
South Korean male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of South Korea
Weightlifters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Asian Games medalists in weightlifting
Weightlifters at the 1958 Asian Games
Weightlifters at the 1966 Asian Games
Weightlifters at the 1974 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1958 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1974 Asian Games
Changwon Hwang clan
Sportspeople from South Jeolla Province
20th-century South Korean people
21st-century South Korean people
Terry Lee Taylor (born July 18, 1961, in Warren, Ohio) is a former professional American football player who was selected by the Seattle Seahawks in the first round of the 1984 NFL Draft.
A 5'10", 188 lbs. cornerback from Southern Illinois University, Taylor played in 12 National Football League (NFL) seasons, from 1984 to 1995, for the Seattle Seahawks, the Detroit Lions, the Cleveland Browns and the Atlanta Falcons. They also coached one season of high school football at Kennedy Catholic High School in Hermitage, Pennsylvania. They worked under head coach John Turco as the defensive backs and wide receivers coach.
References
1961 births
Living people
American football cornerbacks
Atlanta Falcons players
Cleveland Browns players
Detroit Lions players
Seattle Seahawks players
Southern Illinois Salukis football players
High school football coaches in Pennsylvania
Sportspeople from Warren, Ohio
Coaches of American football from Ohio
Players of American football from Youngstown, Ohio
The Bréguet Bre.V B.2 bomber and Bréguet Bre.V Ca.2 escort fighter were French biplanes of World War I which were developments of the Bréguet Bre.IV bomber. The Bre.VI and Bre.XII were, in turn, developments of the Bre.V
Design and development
This aircraft was a refinement of the escort fighter that Breguet Aviation had designed and was manufactured by Michelin as the Breguet-Michelin BUC. Initially intended to carry the same Hotchkiss cannon that armed the BUC, the Bre.5 was revised at the request of the French Army to carry a Lewis Gun fired rearward from atop the biplane's upper wing.
Operational history
A small number of cannon-armed machines were produced from April 1916 onwards and allotted to bomber units. The British Royal Naval Air Service operated 35 of which ten came from Bréguet, and 25 were built in the United Kingdom by Grahame-White as the G.W.19.
The Bre.6 was similar, but powered by a buried Canton-Unné A9 radial engine, and was developed in case production of the Bre.5's Renault engine was unable to keep up with demand. It was also produced both as an escort fighter and as a bomber.
As the Bre.5 reached obsolescence, a number were rebuilt as Bre.12 night fighters and night bombers. The fighter carried a cannon and a searchlight, and had a double nosewheel distinguishing it from previous versions.
Variants
Bre.5
Renault-powered version.
Bre 5 B.2
Bomber version.
Bre.5 Ca.2
Cannon-armed escort fighter version.
Grahame White G.W.19
British-built version for RNAS with Rolls-Royce Falcon engine.
Bre.6
Canton-Unné-powered version.
Bre.6 B.2
Bomber version.
Bre.6Ca.2
Cannon-armed escort fighter.
Bre.12
Bre.5s remanufactured for night fighting
Bre.12 B.2
Night bomber.
Bre.12 Ca.2
Cannon-armed night fighter.
Operators
French Army
Royal Naval Air Service
Romanian Air Corps
Specifications (Bre.5 Ca.2)
See also
References
Citations
Bibliography
Angelucci, Enzo. The Rand McNally Encyclopedia of Military Aircraft, 1914-1980. San Diego, California: The Military Press, 1983. .
Taylor, Michael J. H. Jane's Encyclopedia of Aviation. London: Studio Editions, 1989. .
World Aircraft Information Files. London: Bright Star Publishing, p. File 890, Sheet 79.
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Biplanes
1910s French fighter aircraft
0005
Aircraft first flown in 1915
Zavera Snowfield (, ) is the glacier extending 18 km in north-south direction and 16 km in east-west direction on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is located in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau, south of Diplock Glacier, north of Mount Wild and northeast of Kopito Ridge, and draining into Prince Gustav Channel in Weddell Sea.
The glacier is named after the Bulgarian liberation uprising of ‘Velchova Zavera' in 1835.
Location
Zavera Snowfield is centred at .
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
Glaciology
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
References
Zavera Snowfield SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Zavera Snowfield. Copernix satellite image
Glaciers of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Carroll Burling (born November 25, 1934 in Hastings, Nebraska) is a politician from the U.S. state of Nebraska. A farmer from Kenesaw, Burling served in the Nebraska Legislature, representing the 33rd legislative district from 2001 to 2009.
They graduated from Kenesaw Central High School in 1952. They became president of Burling Farms, and served on the board of directors of the Nebraska Farm Bureau.
In 2000, Burling ran for the 33rd-district seat, left open by incumbent Ardyce Bohlke's decision not to run for a third term. They defeated Hastings mayor Phil Odom, taking 63.4% of the vote to Odom's 36.5%.
In 2004, Burling ran for re-election against challenger Steve Scherr, a Hastings attorney. They won the election with 55.3% of the vote to Scherr's 44.7%.
In the legislature, Burling sat on the Agriculture, Business and Labor, Government, and Military and Veterans' Affairs committees.
Nebraska's term-limits law prevented Burling's running for a third consecutive term in 2008.
References
1934 births
Living people
People from Hastings, Nebraska
Nebraska state senators
Iman Elman (born 1992) is a Somali-Canadian military officer. When they were a child, Elman's parents were peace advocates in wartorn Somalia. When the dangers of working in Somalia increased their parents agreed that their father, Elman Ali Ahmed would stay in Somalia, and continue to work for Peace, while their mother, Fartuun Adan would raise their daughters in Canada. When their daughters reached adult-hood Fartuun returned to Somalia, to renew their work for Peace. Iman's elder sisters, Almaas Elman and Ilwad Elman, also returned to Somalia, followed by Iman herself.
Almaas became a Somali diplomat, while Ilwad joined their mother at the Elman Peace and Human Rights Center. Iman, who had served in the Canadian reserves prior to their return to Somali, joined the Somali military.
Military career
Iman joined the Somali military in 2011. They faced the assumption that their role in the military would be a support role, not active military duties, like going on military patrols. However they succeeded in working with male soldiers. By 2013, they had been promoted to Lieutenant. By 2016, they were a Captain, commanding a company-sized unit of male soldiers.
By 2020, Iman had been promoted to Lieutenant Colonel, and was serving as a staff officer with planning responsibilities.
Iman has survived being near the explosion of three roadside bombs.
Iman has brought child soldiers, found during military patrols they participated in, back to the Elman Peace Centre, for re-integration into the civilian world.
References
Somalian women
1992 births
Living people
Somalian military leaders
People from Mogadishu
Plutodes costatus is a moth of the family Geometridae first described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1886. It is found in India, Sikkim, Nepal and China.
External links
Checklist of Hong Kong Fauna
Plutodini
Vanessa Andréa Mesquita (born April 1, 1986 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian model, bodybuilder, activist and reality television personality best known for being the winner of the fourteenth season of the Brazilian version of the Big Brother, broadcast by Rede Globo in 2014. After the program, Mesquita made the cover of Playboy (Brazil)
Personal life
They lost their father as a child, 15 days before completing nine years. At various times in the Big Brother Brasil house, the model made it clear that, besides their (animal welfare) cause, they were there to make their mother, Mrs. Solange, proud. With the money game prize, they want to return to study Veterinary Medicine, build a 24-hour clinic to care for dogs and cats for free and a site-shelter. The model is also an activist for animal rights, godmother of an NGO shields and participated in the removal of beagle breed dogs from the Royal Institute in São Roque, São Paulo in 2013.
Big Brother
On January 7, 2014, Mesquita was announced as one of the twenty competitors of Big Brother Brasil.
In the Big Brother house, the first week starred with Clara's first kiss program. The two then formed the first gay couple in the overall reality. More than a showmance, the two have always been friends and companions. One was always next to the other. From start to finish, there was always mutual defense.
On the fourth nominations, Mesquita was one of the most voted by their fellow housemates and was put on the block, alongside Marcello Zagonel and Princy Cavalcante, who later was evicted with 68% of public vote. With strong attitude, they did not let go unchallenged the action of confinement they considered wrong. Also they did not let issues in the air. When they discovered that some of the other housemates had said something about her, they were to confront them. Because of that, they had arguments with Letícia Santiago and Franciele Almeida and fought with Cássio Lannes, who become their biggest rival in the game for some weeks.
Despite having a good performance in the competitions, Mesquita became Head of Household only once in the season, causing the eviction of Cássio, in a move which put Marcelo, with the help of Clara and Valter "Slim" Araújo, in order to eliminate one of them.
On April 1, 2014, after 78 days of confinement, they were announced by host Pedro Bial as the winner of the show, receiving 53% of the public vote, winning over the lawyer Angela Muñoz, who finished as runner-up and their close friend Clara Aguilar, who finished third.
Trivia
Mesquita is the third bisexual woman to win a Brazilian reality show chosen by the public. The first was Ellen Oléria from The Voice Brasil aired in 2012, also at Rede Globo, and the second one was Angelis Borges from Fazenda de Verão, which was exhibited at Rede Record from October 2012 to January 2013.
They were declared the winner of Big Brother Brasil the same day of their 28th birthday.
Is the first winner of Big Brother Brasil to merchandise a Furniture Brand - Alezzia Móveis
References
External links
Vanessa Mesquita Profile on GShow.com
1986 births
Living people
Brazilian female models
Bisexual women
People from São Paulo
Reality show winners
Big Brother (franchise) winners
LGBT entertainers from Brazil
LGBT models
Big Brother Brasil
Big Brother (franchise) contestants
Each team in the 2019 FIFA Club World Cup had to name a 23-man squad (three of whom must be goalkeepers). FIFA announced the squads on 5 December 2019.
Al-Hilal
On 11 December 2019, Nawaf Al Abed replaced the injured Salman Al-Faraj.
Manager: Răzvan Lucescu
Al-Sadd
Manager: Xavi
Espérance de Tunis
Manager: Moïne Chaâbani
Flamengo
Manager: Jorge Jesus
Hienghène Sport
Manager: Félix Tagawa
Liverpool
Liverpool initially named Dejan Lovren and Rhian Brewster in their squad, but they were subsequently not named in the contingent that travelled to Qatar. They subsequently added Ki-Jana Hoever and Sepp van den Berg to their squad, who flew out alongside Harvey Elliott following Liverpool's EFL League Cup quarter-final on 17 December.
Manager: Jürgen Klopp
Monterrey
On 13 December 2019, William Mejía replaced the injured Vincent Janssen.
Manager: Antonio Mohamed
References
External links
Official FIFA Club World Cup website
Squads
FIFA Club World Cup squads
Schitu Golești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Burnești, Costiță, Lăzărești, Loturi, Schitu Golești and Valea Pechii.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The Preston E. Smith Unit is a state prison for men located in Lamesa, Dawson County, Texas, owned and operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice. This facility was opened in October 1992, and a maximum capacity of 2234 male inmates held at various security levels.
The prison was named for Texas governor Preston Smith.
References
Prisons in Texas
Buildings and structures in Dawson County, Texas
1992 establishments in Texas
Daniel Ruiz Vives (born 1992), is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
Living people
1992 births
Spanish motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Tron (sometimes spelled Tronden, Tronfjell, or Trondfjell) is a prominent mountain in Innlandet county, Norway. The tall mountain lies on the border of Alvdal and Tynset municipalities, but the peak lies entirely in Alvdal. The mountain lies just to the northeast of the village of Alvdal and just northwest of the village of Tylldalen.
There is a toll road to the summit that is open in the summers. The road was built while installing a broadcasting antenna in the 1960s, being Norway's second highest road.
The Indian philosopher Swami Sri Ananda Acharya (1883-1945) lived on the mountain for large periods of their life.
Etymology
The name Tron is the finite form of the word trond () which means 'hog' (it is common in Norway to compare the shape of a mountain with an animal).
See also
List of mountains of Norway
Trondenes
References
Alvdal
Tynset
Mountains of Innlandet
Al-Tulaysiyah (, also spelled Tleisa or Tuleisa) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located northeast of Hama. Nearby localities include Fan al-Shamali to the south, al-Hamraa to the southeast, Atshan to the northwest, Ma'an to the west and Kawkab and Suran to the southwest. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Al-Tuleisa had a population of 824 in the 2004 census. Its inhabitants are predominantly Alawites.
In mid-May 2013, during the Syrian civil war, the residents abandoned the village after anti-government rebels launched an attack to capture it. After a firefight with a Syrian Army patrol, the rebels captured al-Tulaysiyah. On 14 April 2014, there was shelling from al-Tulaysiyah (where there is a gathering of pro-government troops) against the village of Atshan. On 20 April, rebels attacked the government-held village and destroyed three military vehicles and shelled Brigade 66. On 5 July, nine rebels were killed by a Syrian Army ambush as they were en route to attack checkpoints in al-Tulaysiyah. On 2 September, pro-government militia from the village attacked the town of Tal Khazneh. On 27 Sep 2016, rebels took control of al-Tulaysiyah town and its hill. On 8 October, taking advantage of rebel-infighting in the nearby Idlib province, the Army launched a counter-attack and recaptured al-Tulaysiyah.
References
Populated places in Hama District
Alawite communities in Syria
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 8 is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in 1982.
Summary
The book collects eleven novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors, originally published in 1981 (aside from Lee's, which first appeared in 1980) and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented, together with an introduction by the editor.
Contents
"Introduction" (Arthur W. Saha)
"Unicorn Variation" (Roger Zelazny)
"The Belonging Kind" (William Gibson and John Shirley)
"Skirmish on Bastable Street" (Bob Leman)
"The River Maid" (Jane Yolen)
"The Only Death in the City" (C. J. Cherryh)
"A Friend in Need" (Lisa Tuttle)
"Midas Night" (Sam Wilson)
"The Quickening" (Michael Bishop)
"When the Clock Strikes" (Tanith Lee)
"A Pattern of Silver Strings" (Charles de Lint)
"Pooka's Bridge" (Gillian Fitzgerald)
Notes
1982 anthologies
Fantasy anthologies
DAW Books books
Richard Windeyer KC (9 September 1868 – 8 November 1959) was an Australian barrister.
Early life and education
Windeyer was born at Darlinghurst in Sydney to William Charles Windeyer and Mary Elizabeth, née Bolton.
They and their brother William Archibald attended Sydney Grammar School and the University of Sydney, from which Richard graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1891. They had seven children: Marian Fuller (1893-1983), Lois Elwood (1895-1975), Charles (1897-1917, killed in action during the first World War), Richard Michael (1898-1984), Humphrey Camfield (1899—?), Guy (1900-1984). Their youngest son was Professor Sir Brian Wellingham Windeyer (1904-1994), who became Professor of Therapeutic Radiology at the Middlesex Hospital Medical School, University of London 1942–69, and Vice-Chancellor of the University of London (1969–72).
Career
In 1892 they were appointed judge's associate to their father, and on 10 August 1894 they were called to the Bar. In 1917 they were appointed King's Counsel and they acted as a Supreme Court judge from November 1936 to February 1937.
Windeyer appeared in many notable cases, significantly for Percy Brookfield, Thomas Mutch and Ernie Judd in 1918 when they appealed against the conspiracy trials of members of the Industrial Workers of the World in 1916. They were also counsel in the Australian Newspaper Proprietors' Association's successful case against Arthur Calwell's censorship laws during World War II. They retired in 1946.
Windeyer was a supporter of Federation and of Edmund Barton but never gained party preselection, although they contested Warringah at the 1929 federal election as an independent Australian People's Party candidate, coming close to defeating sitting Nationalist Archdale Parkhill. They were also involved with the University of Sydney, lecturing from 1935 to 1944. Their wife petitioned for divorce in 1919 but the couple eventually settled on a modus vivendi. Windeyer died at Gordon in 1959.
References
1868 births
1959 deaths
Australian barristers
Australian Queen's Counsel
Judges of the Supreme Court of New South Wales
Tormod Caimbeul, (7 October 1942 – 2 May 2015) was a Scottish Gaelic novelist, poet, author of children's literature, and translator. They were known by their nickname "Tormod a' Bhocsair".  They are recognised as one of the most important Gaelic writers of the 20th century.
Life
Tormod Caimbeul was born in South Dell, Ness, Lewis. Their father, Aonghas Caimbeul (nicknamed Am Bocsair), and their uncle, Aonghas Caimbeul (nicknamed Am Puilean), were both well-known Gaelic poets. Alasdair Caimbeul, Tormod's brother, is a Gaelic novelist and playwright. Their daughter Catrìona Lexy Chaimbeul writers Gaelic fiction, poetry, and drama, and is also active as a director and actor.
After attending the University of Edinburgh and Jordanhill College of Education, they worked as a teacher of Gaelic and English in Glasgow, South Uist, and Lewis.
Writing
Caimbeul published three novels during their lifetime: Deireadh an Fhoghair (1979), Shrapnel (2006), and An Druim bho Thuath (2011). Their short stories apperead in three collections: Hostail (Hostel, 1992), An Naidheachd bhon Taigh (1994), and Sgeulachdan sa Chiaradh (2015). Shrapnel has been recently adapted for the stage by Catrìona Lexy Chaimbeul and the company Theatre Gu Leòr.
References
Scottish Gaelic writers
1942 births
2015 deaths
People from the Isle of Lewis
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
20th-century Scottish Gaelic poets
21st-century Scottish Gaelic poets
Scottish children's writers
Scottish translators
20th-century Scottish novelists
21st-century Scottish novelists
20th-century British translators
Michigan Jewish Institute (MJI) was a Jewish-sponsored independent institution of higher and professional education in the Metro Detroit, Michigan area. Its administrative office were in Southfield, Michigan and its primary campus was in West Bloomfield Township. The institute was located at the 45-acre Campus of Living Judaism, which is affiliated with the Chabad-Lubavitch movement.
In March 2016 the U.S. Department of Education denied its recertification of the school, no longer allowing it to access federal financial aid. The institute immediately suspended the majority of its operations.
See also
History of the Jews in Metro Detroit
References
External links
Official website
Educational institutions established in 1994
Jews and Judaism in Michigan
Orthodox Jewish universities and colleges
Universities and colleges in Detroit
1994 establishments in Michigan
2016 disestablishments in Michigan
Educational institutions disestablished in 2016
Charles Blavette (24 June 1902 – 21 November 1967) was a French film actor. They appeared in 50 films between 1933 and 1966.
Selected filmography
Jofroi (1934) - Antoine
Angèle (1934) - Tonin
Toni (1935) - Antonio Canova / Toni
Cigalon (1935) - Le Gendarme
Life Belongs to Us (1936) - Tonin
Harvest (1937) - Jasmin
La Marseillaise (1938) - Un Marseillais
Les filles du Rhône (1938) - Sergent de ville
The Strange Monsieur Victor (1938) - Le premier inspecteur
The Baker's Wife (1938) - Antonin
The Last Turning (1939) - Un camionneur
The Well-Digger's Daughter (1940) - Le teinturier
Parade en 7 nuits (1941) - (uncredited)
Stormy Waters (1941) - Gabriel Tanguy
Twisted Mistress (1942) - Casimir
Simplet (1942) - Malandran
Le soleil a toujours raison (1943)
Après l'orage (1943)
La bonne étoile (1943) - Le pêcheur
Summer Light (1943) - Vincent
Le val d'enfer (1943) - Cagnard
Cecile Is Dead (1944) - Monfils
The Island of Love (1944) - Le contrebandier
Naïs (1945) - Honoré Bernier l'ingénieur
Le charcutier de Machonville (1947) - Le bouliste niçois
Quai des Orfèvres (1947) - Le gendarme Poitevin
Colomba (1948)
The Lovers Of Verona (1949) - Le patron de la verrerie
L'Épave (1949) - Raymond la Douleur
Prélude à la gloire (1950) - Le caissier
Manon des sources (1952) - Pamphile, le menuisier
Carnaval (1953) - Lambrequin
Le club des 400 coups (1953) - Le garde
Dangerous Turning (1954)
House on the Waterfront (1955) - Un homme du 'Goéland' (uncredited)
The Wicked Go to Hell (1955) - Le pompiste
Girl and the River (1958) - L'oncle Simon
Toi, le venin (1958) - L'inspecteur de police
Archimède le clochard (1959) - Le gendarme cannois (uncredited)
Picnic on the Grass (1959) - Gaspard
Eyes Without a Face (1960) - L'homme de la fourrière (scenes deleted)
Classe Tous Risques (1960) - Bénazet
The Long Absence (1961) - Fernand
La Vendetta (1962) - Sosthène
Sun in Your Eyes (1962)
Mon oncle du Texas (1962) - Le père
Le glaive et la balance (1963)
Le roi du village (1963)
Dis-moi qui tuer (1965) - Un poivrot
The Gardener of Argenteuil (1966) - M. Arnaud
References
External links
1902 births
1967 deaths
French male film actors
Male actors from Marseille
20th-century French male actors
The Rural Municipality of Norton No. 69 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 2 and Division No. 2. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Norton No. 69 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 13, 1909.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM.
Villages
Pangman, (seat of municipality)
The following unincorporated communities]] are within the RM.
Localities
Amulet (dissolved as a village, January 1, 1965)
Khedive (dissolved as a village January 1, 2002)
Forward (dissolved as a village, December 31, 1947)
Moreland
Wallace
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Norton No. 69 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Norton No. 69 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Government
The RM of Norton No. 69 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Wednesday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Tom Webb while its administrator is Patti Gurskey. The RM's office is located in Pangman.
References
N
Division No. 2, Saskatchewan
Al-Oud (), alternatively al-ʼUd is a residential neighborhood and a subject of Baladiyah al-Batha in southern Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Spread across 291 hectares, its popular for hosting the famous al-Oud cemetery. It shares borders with Gabrah and al-Bateha neighborhoods to the west and as-Salhiyah and Ghubairah neighborhoods to the east.
References
Neighbourhoods in Riyadh
The Somain-Halluin railway was a French standard gauge railway in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais. It was 35 miles long and it linked the town of Somain in the département du Nord with Halluin near the Belgian border, via Orchies and Tourcoing. Today, the line is closed to passengers. The section between Orchies and Ascq was used by local passenger trains until 2015. It was decided in 2020 not to renovate and re-open the line. Instead, the current TER Hauts-de-France bus service is planned to be upgraded by 2026.
History
On 15 September 1871, the French North Eastern railway was awarded a concession to construct the Somain to Roubaix & Tourcoing railway. The line aimed to transport coal to support textile industries in the area. Local municipalities had been consulted in June 1871, and a definitive route was published just over three years later on 12 January 1875.
In 1876, the French Northern Railway acquired various railway lines in the area, including the short part of the Somain-Halluin Railway which was then open (10 miles between Somain and Orchies). In 1879, the line reached Tourcoing.
The first section of the line to lose passenger trains was the stretch between Somain and Orchies, where services were withdrawn on 15 May 1939. The section between Ascq and Tourcoing followed six weeks later.
Passenger services were maintained until December 1971 between Toircoing and Halluin.
Closure
After passenger services were withdrawn, freight services continued to use the line. However, the line was eventually shut down in stages:
Halluin to Belgian border: 24 February 1975
Wandignies-Hamage to Orchies and Lannoy to Roubaix-Wattrelos: 22 February 1991
Orchies-Ascq: 28 June 2015
References
Fascicule Gares et lignes du nord edited by COPEF (Cercle Ouest Parisien d'Études Ferroviaires), 1985.
Railway lines in Hauts-de-France
Nord (French department)
Standard gauge railways in France
A mobile crane is a cable-controlled crane mounted on crawlers or rubber-tired carriers or a hydraulic-powered crane with a telescoping boom mounted on truck-type carriers or as self-propelled models. They are designed to easily transport to a site and use with different types of load and cargo with little or no setup or assembly.
Overview
Mobile cranes generally operate a boom from the end of which a hook is suspended by wire rope and sheaves. The wire ropes are operated by whatever prime movers the designers have available, operating through a variety of transmissions. Steam engines, electric motors, and internal combustion engines (IC) have all been used. Older cranes' transmissions tended to be clutches. This was later modified when using IC engines to match the steam engines' "max torque at zero speed" characteristic by the addition of a hydrokinetic element culminating in controlled torque converters. The operational advantages of this arrangement can now be achieved by electronic control of hydrostatic drives, which for size and other considerations is becoming standard. Some examples of this type of crane can be converted to a demolition crane by adding a demolition ball, or to an earthmover by adding a clamshell bucket or a dragline and scoop, although design details can limit their effectiveness.
History
Before 1870 cranes were fixed to a position, except for some mounted on flatcars, railroad cranes, which provided some restricted movement. Appleby Brothers demonstrated steam-powered cranes at Paris in 1867 and Vienna in 1873. In 1922, Henry Coles, manager of Appleby Corp., began producing truck-mounted cranes under the name Petrol Electric Lorry Crane. In 1939 the Coles were acquired by Steel and Co. Ltd. of Sunderland. Hiab invented the world's first hydraulic truck mounted crane in 1947. The name, Hiab, comes from the commonly used abbreviation of Hydrauliska Industri AB, a company founded in Hudiksvall, Sweden 1944 by Eric Sundin, a ski manufacturer who saw a way to utilize a truck's engine to power loader cranes through the use of hydraulics.
Major crane development events include adoption of the internal combustion engine in 1922 and the invention of telescopic jibs. Before 1960, cranes carried additional booms with them to increase height, which increased operating costs. In 1959 crane expert R.H.Neal, hydraulics specialist F.Taylor, and design director Bob Lester integrated all three and modernized cranes. The Coles Hydra Speedcrane appeared in 1962, further modified with the 10-ton fully telescopic hydraulic boom in 1966, followed in 1968 by the 30-ton "Husky" military versions with four-wheel drive. In 1972, Steels was forced to merge with the Acrow Group, losing some of their most valuable employees, including Don Hassel and Johnny Johnson who started a new manufacturing processes plant. With backing from the British Crane Hire Corporation they acquired a small factory unit and ordered every single element of their product from subcontracted suppliers. In 1976, the Cosmos team created a 25-ton crane that combined several new developments.
Types
Gallery
References
External links
The Women's Parallel World Cup 2021/2022 involved only 1 event, a parallel giant slalom, due to the continuing COVID-19 pandemic. The sole event was won by Andreja Slokar, who thus won the season championship. Because only one race was run, Slokar will not be awarded a crystal globe for winning this discipline. This specific championship includes both parallel giant slalom and parallel slalom races. At this time, individual parallel races are not included in the season finals.
Standings
DNS = Did Not Start
DNQ = Did Not Qualify
See also
2021–22 World Cup – Women's rankings
2022 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Overall
2022 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Downhill
2022 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Super-G
2022 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Giant Slalom
2022 Alpine Skiing World Cup – Women's Slalom
References
External links
Alpine Skiing at FIS website
Women's parallel
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup women's parallel discipline titles
Grupo Financiero Bital SA was Mexico's fifth-largest bank.
History
Bital was first known as Banco del Atlantico during the 1980s and later was changed to Bital. It was the last Mexican bank whose balance sheet was still struggling from the 1995 Mexican peso crisis.
In 2002, HSBC Holdings PLC agreed to acquire Bital at an agreed price of $1.20 a share, thus Bital was valued at $1.14 Billion.
References
Banks of Mexico
Economic history of Mexico
The HAPO Columbia Cup is an H1 Unlimited hydroplane boat race held each July on the Columbia River in Columbia Park, Tri-Cities, Washington. The race is the main attraction of the annual Water Follies festivities. With the exception of 2020, Tri-Cities has hosted a race consecutively since 1966.
History
The Columbia River towns of Kennewick, Pasco, and Richland first climbed on the Unlimited bandwagon in 1966 with the first annual Tri-Cities Atomic Cup. There had been talk of inviting the Unlimiteds there as early as 1958. But 1966 was when it finally happened. Bill Brow was the winner that first year, driving Bernie Little's Miss Budweiser.
Driver Dave Villwock and the Miss Elam Plus team won the 2006 Columbia Cup under extraordinary circumstances. Their boat "blew over" during the running of preliminary Heat 2-A. They rebounded in time to win the next two heats and the overall championship.
After the race at Detroit, the home of the annual Gold Cup race, was originally cancelled in 2015, the Gold Cup was moved to the Tri-Cities race, renaming the race to the Gold Cup for that year. When the Detroit race came back at the end of 2015 and into 2016, the Gold Cup returned to the city, and the Tri-Cities race returned to the "Columbia Cup" again.
The race is run on a 2.5 mile oval course located in an area on the Columbia River referred to as the "McNary Pool."
List of Tri-Cities Unlimited Hydroplane Champions
References
External links
Columbia Cup website
H1 Unlimited website
H1 Unlimited
Racing motorboats
Hydroplanes
Motorboat racing
Recurring sporting events established in 1966
1966 establishments in Washington (state)
Sports in Washington (state)
Lehtmetsa may refer to several places in Estonia:
Lehtmetsa, Harju County, village in Anija Parish, Harju County
Lehtmetsa, Järva County, village in Albu Parish, Järva County
Lehtmetsa, Pärnu County, village in Halinga Parish, Pärnu County
Lehtmetsa, Saare County, village in Muhu Parish, Saare County
See also
Lehemetsa, village in Lasva Parish, Võru County
Agapetus montanus is a species of Caddisfly. It is endemic to the north-western states of the United States of America.
References
Glossosomatidae
Insects of the United States
Insects described in 1949
Danie Olbio, also Nek Namira is a librarian and women's rights activist from the Cocos (Keeling) Islands.  They are a librarian on Home Island and is chairperson of Kaum Ibu (Women's Group). In 2015 they were secretary of Persatuan Kebudayaan Pulu Kokos.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Librarians
Women's rights activists
Cocos (Keeling) Islands society
Women librarians
Magruder Hill Tuttle (July 21, 1908 – November 6, 1998) was an American rear admiral. Born and raised in Lenoir, North Carolina, Tuttle attended Duke University before entering the United States Naval Academy, from which they graduated in 1932. While at the academy, Tuttle played center on the football team for two years and was team captain in 1931. For their accomplishments in football at the academy, the New York Sun named them as the first-team center on their all-time Navy football team, selected in 1932. Following graduation, Tuttle was commissioned as an officer in the United States Navy. They were a senior officer at the Pearl Harbor naval base when it was attacked on December 7, 1941. During World War II, they served as a pilot and commanded three different squadrons at various times throughout the war. Tuttle also served in the Korean War and the Vietnam War. Other assignments included commander of Corry Field, commander of the USS Philippine Sea, and deputy commander of the Pacific Missile Range. While stationed in Florida, Tuttle planned and founded the National Naval Aviation Museum. They died in Pensacola, Florida on November 6, 1998.
References
1908 births
1998 deaths
American football centers
Navy Midshipmen football players
Players of American football from North Carolina
United States Navy admirals
People from Lenoir, North Carolina
Duke University alumni
The 2017 BRICS summit was the ninth annual BRICS summit, an international relations conference attended by the heads of state or heads of government of the five member states Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa. The summit was held in Xiamen, China, the second time the China has hosted the summit after the 2011 summit.
Participants
Participating leaders
References
2017 conferences
2017 in international relations
21st-century diplomatic conferences
09
Diplomatic conferences in China
September 2017 events in China
Xiamen
The Council of Ministers () is the executive branch that constitutes the Government of Albania. The Council is led by the Prime Minister of Albania. The prime minister is nominated by the President from among those candidates, who enjoy majority support in the Parliament; the candidate is then chosen by the Parliament. In the absence of the prime minister, the Deputy Prime Minister takes over their functions. There are 19 other government members, serving as deputy prime ministers, government ministers or both; they are chosen by the prime minister and confirmed by the Parliament.
As of April 2017, after a reshuffle, 50% of the cabinet ministers are women. The Parliament of Albania must give final approval of the composition of the cabinet. The Cabinet is responsible for carrying out both foreign and domestic policies. It directs and controls the activities of the ministries and other state bodies.
Overview
Rank
Council members are subdivided into three substantial ranks, along with one honorary rank:
Prime Minister,
Deputy Prime Minister,
Ministers, which are the highest-ranking members of the Government
Deputy Ministers, that assist ministers in specialized areas of their portfolio and
General Secretaries (Sekretari i Përgjithshëm) that assist ministers in less important areas and occasionally attend sessions of the Council of Ministers.
Role
The Council is responsible to the Parliament of Albania. The Parliament may choose to pass a motion of censure forcing the Council of Ministers to resign. This has the effect of forcing the Government to be composed of members from the majority political party in the Assembly or to be allied to the majority in a coalition. Ministers are required to answer written or oral questions put to them by members of Parliament, known as Government questions. In addition, ministers attend sessions of the Parliament when laws concerning their assigned sectors and departmental portfolios are under consideration.
Cabinet ministers cannot propose legislation without parliamentary approval. Ministers can however propose bills to Parliament and any such legislation is generally very likely to pass. On occasion, the majority opinion in Parliament may differ significantly from those of the executive, resulting in a large number of riders.
The Cabinet plays a major role in determining the agenda of the Parliament. It can propose laws and amendments during parliamentary sessions. It also has a number of procedures at its disposal to expedite parliamentary deliberations.
History
With the unilateral declaration of Albania's Independence on 28 November 1912 by the Ottoman Empire, one of the first governing bodies to emerge from the All-Albanian Congress was the formation of the Provisional Government and the Council of Ministers as the highest executive body in the country. However, the government did not last long due to its non-recognition by some of the Great Powers of the time. On 29 July 1913, Austria-Hungary, France, Great Britain, and Italy, together with Greece and Romania as interested parties, agreed to adopt the Organic Statute of Albania () which would serve as the first constitution of the new state created. The statute sanctioned since in the 1st Article that Albania was a constitutional, sovereign, and hereditary Principality under the guarantee of the six Great Powers. Its formal adoption took place in Vlorë on 14 January 1914. On 22 January 1914, Ismail Qemali, one of the founders of the Albanian state and head of the Provisional Government, was forced to resign and hand it over to the International Control Commission () which would serve as the highest executive body until the appointment of the monarch from the Great Powers and their arrival in Albania.
The Statute in Chapter V entitled § Government Bodies sanctioned the central government institutions, as well as their competencies and duties. Article 72 states: The Albanian Government consists of a Council of Ministers headed by a Prime Minister. While in the next article it described the composition of the council, where there are a total of 4 ministries, which are: the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Ministry of Internal Affairs, the Ministry of Finances and the Ministry of Justice, while the Prime Minister simultaneously exercised also the role of Minister of Foreign Affairs. The PM, as well as all ministers were appointed by the Prince, whose oath before taking office should be taken, as well as the handover of office after resignation. Although the statute sanctioned only 4 ministries, in the first government appointed by Prince Wilhelm, there were more departments than anticipated.
Incumbent Government
Governments of Albania (1912–present)
See also
Politics of Albania
Prime Minister of Albania
Notes
References
Government of Albania
Albania
Lists of government ministers
Abdul Keita may refer to:
Abdul Kader Keïta, Ivorian footballer
Abdul Aziz Keita, Guinean footballer
Belluschi is an Italian surname, derived from the adjective bello ("beautiful"). Notable people with the surname include:
Fernando Belluschi (born 1983), Argentine footballer
Pietro Belluschi (1899–1994), Italian-American architect
References
See also
Bellucci
Italian-language surnames
he:בלוצ'י
The Gdynia Film Festival (until 2011: Polish Film Festival, Polish: Festiwal Polskich Filmów Fabularnych w Gdyni) is an annual film festival first held in Gdańsk, now held in Gdynia, Poland.
It has taken place every year since 1974, except in 1982 and 1983 when Poland was under martial law.
The organizers of the festival are the Ministry of Culture and National Heritage of Poland, Polish Film Institute (PISF), Polish Filmmakers Association, the Pomeranian Voivodeship Local Government as well as the port city of Gdynia.
The Polish Film Festival award is the Grand Prix Golden Lions (Polish: Złote Lwy), which is different from the Eagle (Polish: Orzeł), awarded at the Polish Film Awards and the Seattle Polish Film Festival (Seattle is the sister city of Gdynia). Special awards include the Platinum Lions (Platynowe Lwy) conferred for lifetime achievements in cinema as well as the Audience Award. Agnieszka Holland is so far the only film director to have been awarded the Grand Prix three times (1981, 2012, 2019). In 2020, Mariusz Wilczyński's Kill It and Leave This Town became the first ever animated film in the festival's history to be awarded the Golden Lions for Best Film.
The jury for the 2008 competition was headed by Robert Gliński, a director who had previously won at the festival.
Past winners of the festival
The Golden Lions Award was not awarded on six occasions: in 1976, four films were instead awarded Main Prizes (Polish: Nagroda Główna); in 1982 and 1983, the festival was not held due to the imposition of the Martial law in Poland; in 1989, 1991 and 1996.
1974: Jerzy Hoffman – Potop (The Deluge)
1975: Andrzej Wajda – Ziemia obiecana (The Promised Land) , Jerzy Antczak – Noce i dnie (Nights and Days)
1976: No award (Main Awards: Jan Łomnicki – Ocalić miasto (To Save the City), Marek Piwowski – Przepraszam, czy tu biją?, Andrzej Wajda – Smuga cienia, Mieczysław Waśkowski – Hazardziści (The Gamblers))
1977: Krzysztof Zanussi – Barwy ochronne (Camouflage)
1978: Stanisław Różewicz – Pasja, Andrzej Wajda – Bez znieczulenia (Without Anesthesia)
1979: Krzysztof Kieślowski – Amator (Camera Buff)
1980: Kazimierz Kutz – Paciorki jednego różańca (The Beads of One Rosary)
1981: Agnieszka Holland – Gorączka (Fever)
1982: Not held due to martial law
1983: Not held due to martial law
1984: Jerzy Kawalerowicz – Austeria
1985: Stanisław Różewicz – Kobieta w kapeluszu (Woman in a Hat)
1986: Witold Leszczyński – Siekierezada
1987: Janusz Zaorski – Matka Królów (The Mother of Kings)
1988: Krzysztof Kieślowski – Krótki film o miłości (A Short Film About Love) as well as Krótki film o zabijaniu (A Short Film About Killing)
1989: No award
1990: Wojciech Marczewski – Ucieczka z kina "Wolność" (Escape from the 'Liberty' Cinema)
1991: No award
1992: Robert Gliński – Wszystko, co najważniejsze
1993: Radosław Piwowarski – Kolejność uczuć, Grzegorz Królikiewicz – Przypadek Pekosińskiego
1994: Kazimierz Kutz – Zawrócony (Reverted)
1995: Juliusz Machulski Girl Guide
1996: No award
1997: Jerzy Stuhr – Historie miłosne (Love Stories)
1998: Jan Jakub Kolski – Historia kina w Popielawach (The History of the Cinema in Popielawy)
1999: Krzysztof Krauze – Dług (The Debt)
2000: Krzysztof Zanussi – Życie jako śmiertelna choroba przenoszona drogą płciową (Life as a Fatal Sexually Transmitted Disease)
2001: Robert Gliński – Cześć Tereska (Hi, Tereska)
2002: Marek Koterski – Dzień świra (Day of the Wacko)
2003: Dariusz Gajewski – Warszawa (Warsaw)
2004: Magdalena Piekorz – Pręgi (Welts)
2005: Feliks Falk – Komornik (The Collector)
2006: Krzysztof Krauze – Plac Zbawiciela (Saviour Square)
2007: Andrzej Jakimowski – Sztuczki (Tricks)
2008: Waldemar Krzystek – Mała Moskwa (Little Moscow)
2009: Borys Lankosz – Rewers (Reverse)
2010: Jan Kidawa-Błoński – Różyczka (Little Rose)
2011: Jerzy Skolimowski – Essential Killing
2012: Agnieszka Holland – W ciemności (In Darkness)
2013: Paweł Pawlikowski − Ida
2014: Łukasz Palkowski – Bogowie (Gods)
2015: Małgorzata Szumowska – Body/Ciało (Body)
2016: Jan P. Matuszyński – Ostatnia rodzina (The Last Family)
2017: Piotr Domalewski – Cicha Noc (Silent Night)
2018: Paweł Pawlikowski – Zimna wojna (Cold War)
2019: Agnieszka Holland – Obywatel Jones (Mr. Jones)
2020: Mariusz Wilczyński – Zabij to i wyjedź z tego miasta (Kill It and Leave This Town)
2021: Łukasz Ronduda and Łukasz Gutt – Wszystkie nasze strachy (All Our Fears)
2022: Agnieszka Smoczyńska – The Silent Twins
Gallery
See also
Polish cinema
List of film festivals
References
External links
Gdynia Film Festival – Official website
Gdynia Film Festival at the IMDb
Film festivals in Poland
Gdynia
Recurring events established in 1974
The Shri Datta Venkata Sai Temple in Kalloor, India is a replica of the Shirdi Sai Baba temple built by Prabhakar Maharaj.
Gallery
Hindu temples in Telangana
Blood Youth are an English hardcore punk band formed in Harrogate in 2014. They have released three studio albums, two EPs and a short-form documentary produced by Kerrang!. The current line-up consists of guitarist Chris Pritchard, bassist Matt Hollinson, drummer Brad Ratcliffe and lead vocalist Harry Rule.
The band were formed in 2014 by the final line-up of Leicester melodic hardcore band Climates and former Book of Job vocalist Kaya Tarsus. Their earliest releases made use of a melodic style of heavy metal-influenced hardcore punk, while their post-2018 output has veered closer to the nu metal genre.
History
Leicester melodic hardcore band Climates broke up after the departure of vocalist Wesley Thompson. On Climates' final tour, they recruited Kaya Tarsus, formerly of Harrogate band Book of Job to fill in on vocals. After the tour, the remaining members formed Blood Youth at the end of 2014. On 11 May 2015, they released their debut single "Failure", which was a part of their debut EP Inside My Head released on 22 June 2015. Later that year, Powels departed from the band. On 17 December, Bowden also departed from the band, joining Welsh pop punk band Neck Deep.
On 11 January 2016, they released their second EP Closure. The EP's first single was "Closure", released on 28 January. On 23 May, the EP's second single was released, titled "Mood Swings".
On 6 February 2017, they released the single "Reason to Stay". On 27 February, they released the single "I Remember". On 20 March, they released the single "Making Waves" All three single were included on their debut album Beyond Repair, released on 7 April 2017. In October 2017, they supported Neck Deep on their European headline tour, alongside As It Is and Real Friends. From 8 to 10 April 2017, they played a mini headline tour, with support from Holding Absence and Loathe.
On 19 August 2018, they released the single "Starve". On 4 February 2019, they released the single "Spineless". The singles were included on their second album Starve released on 22 February 2019. From 1 to 8 March 2019, they headlined a tour of the UK supported by Lotus Eater and Palm Reader.
On 5 November 2019, they released the non-album single "Playing The Victim".
On 28 June 2021, they released the single "Iron Lung", Around this time it was announced that Hallett was no longer a member of the band and that they had been replaced by new drummer Brad Ratcliffe. On 23 July, they released the single "Cells". On 25 August, they released the single "Body of Wire". On 2 September, they released the single "Colony3". After performing at the 2021 Slam Dunk Festival, Tarsus departed from the group. On 6 September 2021, former God Complex vocalist Harry Rule was announced as the band's new lead vocalist. From 15 to 26 September 2021, they toured the UK on a headline tour, supported by Death Blooms. On 30 September, the band announced that their third studio album, Visions Of Another Hell, would be released the following day, 1 October. The album included the five previously released singles and is the final release to include Tarsus. From 21 February 2021 to 13 March, they will tour Europe on a co-headline tour with Cane Hill, supported by Diamond Construct.
Musical style and influence
Blood Youth's early music has been described as melodic hardcore, hardcore punk, post-hardcore, and punk metal. On their second album Starve, the band changed their style in favour of a nu metal sound. Their music continued to make use of clean vocals in choruses, however began to juxtapose this with heavy drop tuned guitars. Throughout both of these eras, some critics have categorised their music as metalcore.
The band's lyrics focus on many different topics based on everyday (namely Tarsus's) life, with songs off of the band's debut EP invoking themes of homelessness, breakups, and financial turmoil. Their sophomore EP Closure focused on such themes as Tarsus's struggle to help their family, emotional claustrophobic towards those new in life and reflecting on the past, while their debut full-length Beyond Repair followed that of numbing oneself via alcohol abuse, the struggle of being an underground musician in a small town, becoming a different person while under the influence of alcohol, one's naivety while young, and simply being angry. Furthermore, on multiple tracks such as "What I'm Running From" and "Big Smoke", Tarsus focuses on their relocation to Barcelona just prior to the formation of the band, the reasons why they departed from England, and what they were feeling during this transition.
Guitarist Chris Pritchard is inspired by nu metal acts such as Korn and Slipknot, namely their first and second albums, stating that they fell in love with songs such as “Wait and Bleed”; vocalist Kaya Tarsus is more-so inspired by hardcore bands such as the Dillinger Escape Plan, Converge, and Every Time I Die. In full contrast, former drummer Sam Hallett's favorite band is The 1975; they are also a huge fan of R&B together with Funeral For a Friend.
Members
Current line-up
Chris Pritchard - guitar (2014–present)
Matt Hollinson - bass (2017–present)
Brad Ratcliffe – drums (2021–present)
Harry Rule - lead vocals (2021-present)
Past members
Sam Bowden - guitar (2014-2015)
Matt Powels - drums (2014-2015)
Max Dawson - bass (2014–2017)
Sam Hallett - drums (2015–2021)
Kaya Tarsus - lead vocals (2014–2021)
Timeline
(Including Climates)
Discography
Studio albums
EPs
Singles
Filmography
From the Ground Up (2018)
References
Melodic hardcore groups
British hardcore punk groups
Musical groups established in 2014
Musical groups from Harrogate
2014 establishments in England
Erigeron jonesii is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Jones's fleabane. It is found primarily in Nevada and Utah, with a few populations in southern Idaho.
Erigeron jonesii is a branching perennial herb up to 40 cm (16 inches) tall, forming a large taproot. Each branch can produce 1-4 flower heads, each with up to 52 white or blue ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
External links
Photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in the Wah Wah Mountains in Utah in 1982, isotype of Erigeron wahwahensis
jonesii
Plants described in 1947
Flora of the Western United States
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Street () is a civil parish in County Westmeath, Ireland. It is located about north–north–west of Mullingar.
Street is one of 6 civil parishes in the barony of Moygoish in the Province of Leinster. The civil parish covers .
Street civil parish comprises 35 townlands: Athenboy, Ballew, Ballykildevin, Barradrum, Boherquill, Bottomy, Burgesland, Chancery, Clonava, Clonconnell, Clonkeen, Clonmore, Coolamber, Coolnagun, Cornacausk, Corralanna, Correaly, Culvin, Derradd, Dunamon, Fearmore, Garriskil, Gortanear, Hospitalbank, Kilmore, Kilshallow, Kiltareher, Lisduff, Lismacaffry, Lisnagappagh, Milkernagh, Monagead, Rath, Rehabane and Tinode.
The neighbouring civil parishes are: Lickbla (barony of Fore to the north–east, Mayne (barony of Fore) to the east, Lackan (barony of Corkaree) and Russagh to the south and Granard (County Longford), Mostrim (County Longford), and Street (County Longford} to the west.
See also
Street, County Westmeath
References
External links
Street civil parish at the IreAtlas Townland Data Base
Street civil parish at Townlands.ie
Street civil parish at Logainm.ie
Civil parishes of County Westmeath
Patkino () is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Patkino, Ozyorsky District, Moscow Oblast, a village in Boyarkinskoye Rural Settlement of Ozyorsky District of Moscow Oblast
Patkino, Ramensky District, Moscow Oblast, a village in Sofyinskoye Rural Settlement of Ramensky District of Moscow Oblast
Patkino, Vladimir Oblast, a village in Alexandrovsky District of Vladimir Oblast
Western Power is a statutory corporation established by the Electricity Corporations Act 2005 (WA). It is owned by the State Government of Western Australia and is accountable to the Minister for Energy. It is responsible for building, maintaining and operating the electricity network within the South West Interconnected System (SWIS), the poles and wires or energy grid.
When the original Western Power Corporation was split it was separated into four independent companies:
Western Power - manages the physical network that transports electricity. It operates in the south west of WA, including the Perth metropolitan area. Western Power does not generate electricity or send electricity bills to customers. Its role is to manage the poles, wires, substations and other infrastructure that brings electricity to homes and businesses in the SWIS.
Horizon Power - manages the physical network that transports electricity in the north and regional areas of WA. Horizon power is also responsible for electricity generation and billing.
Synergy - the energy retailer that manages electricity accounts and is responsible for billing customers.
Verve Energy - the generation business that produces electricity. Merged with Synergy in 2014.
Operations
The SWIS reaches from Albany in the south, Kalbarri in the north and Kalgoorlie in the east of the state and includes the Perth metropolitan area. The Western Power network consists of more than 100,000 km (62,137 mi) of powerlines, 816,082 poles & towers, 259,456 streetlights and 156 transmission substations.
See also
Alinta
State Energy Commission of Western Australia
References
External links
Government of Western Australia - Office of Energy
Economic Regulation Authority of Western Australia
Government of Western Australia - Office of Energy - Electricity Reform Implementation Unit
Companies based in Perth, Western Australia
Energy in Western Australia
Government-owned companies of Western Australia
Electric power transmission system operators in Australia
Electric power distribution network operators in Australia
Government-owned energy companies
Australian companies established in 2006
Energy companies established in 2006
Mill Glacier is a tributary glacier, wide, flowing northwest between the Dominion Range and the Supporters Range into Beardmore Glacier, Antarctica. It was discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition, 1907–09, and named for Hugh Robert Mill, a British geographer and Antarctic historian.
See also
List of glaciers in the Antarctic
References
Glaciers of Dufek Coast
The 69th Primetime Emmy Awards honored the best in U.S. prime-time television programming from June 1, 2016 until May 31, 2017, as chosen by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences. The ceremony was held on Sunday, September 17, 2017 at the Microsoft Theater in Downtown Los Angeles, California, and was broadcast in the U.S. by CBS. The ceremony was hosted by Stephen Colbert. The 69th Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards were held on September 9 and 10, and was broadcast by FXX on September 16.
The nominations were announced by Anna Chlumsky and Shemar Moore on July 13, 2017. Channelwise, the first-year student HBO science fiction western drama Westworld and NBC sketch comedy Saturday Night Live were the most nominated programs, each with 22 nominations.
Host Stephen Colbert opened the ceremony with a song-and-dance number and a monologue that lampooned the state of the world under President Donald Trump, which The New York Times said set an anti-Trump tone for the rest of the event. Many of the further presentations and host commentary continued jokes aimed towards Trump, along with winners' speeches criticizing the President and standing behind diversity in the television field. Sean Spicer, Trump's former White House Press Secretary, made an appearance in which they parodied himself. RuPaul played a living Emmy statue in a comedic interview segment with Colbert during the ceremony.
Original programming streaming television services—Netflix and Hulu—upended traditional broadcast television series in several categories. Netflix series earned a total of 20 Primetime Emmy Awards, following only HBO with 29 and leading NBC with 15. Hulu's The Handmaid's Tale became the first web series to win Outstanding Drama Series. Additionally, streaming television also won their first awards for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series (Elisabeth Moss for The Handmaid's Tale – Hulu), Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series (Alexis Bledel for The Handmaid's Tale – Hulu), Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series (Bruce Miller for The Handmaid's Tale – Hulu), Outstanding Television Movie (Black Mirror: San Junipero – Netflix), and Outstanding Writing for a Limited Series, Movie, or Dramatic Special (Charlie Brooker for Black Mirror: San Junipero – Netflix).
In addition, the night saw several other historic firsts: Donald Glover became the first African-American to win Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series for Atlanta. Riz Ahmed, with their win for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Limited Series or Movie for The Night Of, became the first Asian to win that category as well as the first Asian male to win an acting award and first South Asian to win a lead acting award. Moreover, Ahmed and Dave Chappelle also became the first Muslims to win acting awards, with Ahmed being the first Muslim to win a lead acting award and Chappelle the first to win for a guest role for Saturday Night Live. With Aziz Ansari and Lena Waithe winning Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series for Master of None, Waithe became the first African-American female to win that award. Finally, Julia Louis-Dreyfus won their record sixth consecutive award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for the same category for the same role in a single series as Selina Meyer on Veep; they are now tied with Cloris Leachman for the most wins as a performer.
The awards ceremony drew 11.4 million viewers, on par with the previous awards ceremony, but one of the lowest viewerships for the Primetime Emmy Awards overall. Analysts attribute this to younger audiences preferring to watch clips or summaries than the entire event and to Florida markets being affected by Hurricane Irma.
Winners and nominees
Winners are listed first, highlighted in boldface, and indicated with a double dagger (‡). For simplicity, producers who received nominations for program awards, as well as nominated writers for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series, have been omitted.
Programs
{| class="wikitable"
|+
|-
| style="vertical-align:top;" width="50%" |
Veep (HBO)
Atlanta (FX)
Black-ish (ABC)
Master of None (Netflix)
Modern Family (ABC)
Silicon Valley (HBO)
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (Netflix)
| style="vertical-align:top;" width="50%" |
The Handmaid's Tale (Hulu)
Better Call Saul (AMC)
The Crown (Netflix)
House of Cards (Netflix)
Stranger Things (Netflix)
This Is Us (NBC)
Westworld (HBO)
|-
| style="vertical-align:top;" width="50%" |
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
Full Frontal with Samantha Bee (TBS)
Jimmy Kimmel Live! (ABC)
The Late Late Show with James Corden (CBS)
The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (CBS)
Real Time with Bill Maher (HBO)
| style="vertical-align:top;" width="50%" |
Saturday Night Live (NBC)
Billy on the Street (truTV)
Documentary Now! (IFC)
Drunk History (Comedy Central)
Portlandia (IFC)
Tracey Ullman's Show (HBO)
|-
| style="vertical-align:top;" width="50%" |
Big Little Lies (HBO)
Fargo (FX)
Feud: Bette and Joan (FX)
Genius (Nat Geo)
The Night Of (HBO)
| style="vertical-align:top;" width="50%" |
Black Mirror: San Junipero (Netflix)
Dolly Parton's Christmas of Many Colors: Circle of Love (NBC)
The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks (HBO)
Sherlock: The Lying Detective (PBS)
The Wizard of Lies (HBO)
|-
| style="vertical-align:top;" width="50%" colspan="2" |
The Voice (NBC)
The Amazing Race (CBS)
American Ninja Warrior (NBC)
Project Runway (Lifetime)
RuPaul's Drag Race (VH1) Top Chef (Bravo)
|}
Acting
Lead performances
Supporting performances
Directing
Writing
Most major nominations
By network
HBO – 46
FX / Netflix – 27
NBC – 17
ABC – 11
CBS / Hulu – 7
Showtime – 6
AMC – 5
TBS – 4
Amazon – 3
By program
Feud: Bette and Joan (FX) / Veep (HBO) – 10
Big Little Lies (HBO) / The Night Of (HBO) – 8
The Handmaid's Tale (Hulu) / Saturday Night Live (NBC) / Westworld (HBO) – 7
Fargo (FX) – 6
Atlanta (FX) / Better Call Saul (AMC) / The Crown (Netflix) / Stranger Things (Netflix) / This Is Us (NBC) – 5
Full Frontal with Samantha Bee (TBS) / House of Cards (Netflix) / Silicon Valley (HBO) – 4
The Americans (FX) / Black-ish (ABC) / Genius (NatGeo) / Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO) / The Late Show with Stephen Colbert (CBS) / Master of None (Netflix) / Transparent (Amazon) / Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt (Netflix) / The Wizard of Lies (HBO) – 3
Most major awards
By network
HBO – 10
NBC – 6
Hulu – 5
Netflix – 4
FX – 2
By program
Big Little Lies (HBO) / The Handmaid's Tale (Hulu) – 5
Saturday Night Live (NBC) – 4
Atlanta (FX) / Black Mirror: San Junipero (Netflix) / Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO) / Veep'' (HBO) – 2
Presenters and performers
The awards were presented by the following:
Presenters
Performers
In Memoriam
Broadway actor Christopher Jackson performed Stevie Wonder's "As" as images of television personalities who died in the past year were shown in the following order.
Glen Campbell
June Foray
Ed Greene
John Bernecker
Mike Connors
Zsa Zsa Gabor
Chuck Barris
Chris Bearde
Brad Grey
Frank Konigsberg
Powers Boothe
Jeannie Gunn
Adam West
John Heard
Gary Glasberg
Roger Ailes
Agnes Nixon
Robert Osborne
Jay Thomas
Nelsan Ellis
Mark Schlegel
Norman Brokaw
Marsh McCall
Don Ohlmeyer
Robert Vaughn
Bill Paxton
Roger Moore
Carrie Fisher
Debbie Reynolds
John Hurt
Gwen Ifill
Grant Tinker
Stanley Kallis
Sandy Gallin
Miguel Ferrer
Martin Landau
Richard Hatch
Alan Thicke
Florence Henderson
Jerry Lewis
Don Rickles
Mary Tyler Moore
Notes
References
External links
Emmys.com list of 2017 Nominees & Winners
Academy of Television Arts and Sciences website
069
2017 in American television
2017 in Los Angeles
2017 awards in the United States
2017 television awards
September 2017 events in the United States
Jan Peszek (born 13 February 1944) is a Polish theatre, film, and television actor. Although primarily involved in theatre work, they have appeared in more than sixty films since 1970.  They are most well known for their work with dramaturgist Bogusław Schaeffer.
Biography
Peszek was born in Szreńsk. In 1966 they finished their education in the AST National Academy of Theatre Arts in Kraków, and made their debut the same year in Bertolt Brecht's The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui staged at the Polish Theatre in Wrocław.
In 1969 they got cast in their first film role in Andrzej Piotrowski's Znaki na drodze.
In 2014 they received an award from the city Kraków for outstanding achievements in acting.
They have two children, both of whom are engaged in the arts: Maria, a singer and Błażej, an actor. They have strongly criticised the conservative Prawo i Sprawiedliwość party and the affiliated TVP television network.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Polish male film actors
Polish male stage actors
20th-century Polish male actors
21st-century Polish male actors
People from Mława County
Off the Hook may refer to:
Music
Off the Hook (compilation album), in the Now That's What I Call Music! series, 2002
Off the Hook (Xscape album), 1995
"Off the Hook" (Hardwell and Armin van Buuren song), 2015
"Off the Hook" (Jody Watley song), 1998
"Off the Hook", a song by CSS from Cansei de Ser Sexy, 2005
"Off the Hook", a song by the Rolling Stones from The Rolling Stones No. 2, 1965
Television
Off the Hook (TV series), a 2009 British sitcom
Off the Hook: Extreme Catches, a 2012 American reality series
"Off the Hook" (Arrested Development), an episode
"Off the Hook" (The Closer), an episode
"Off the Hook" (Happy Tree Friends), an episode
"Off the Hook" (The Real Housewives of Atlanta), an episode
Other uses
Off the Hook (radio program), an American hacker-oriented talk program
Off the Hook, Pearl and Marina, a fictional pop duo in the Splatoon video game series
Karaulov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Karaulova. It may refer to
Ivan Karaulov (born 1980), Kazakhstani ski jumper
Sergei Karaulov (born 1982), Uzbekistani-Russian basketball player
Yulianna Karaulova (born 1988), Russian singer
Russian-language surnames
National Lampoon Gentleman's Bathroom Companion II was a humorous book that was first published in 1977. It was a spin-off from National Lampoon magazine and a follow-up to the National Lampoon The Gentleman's Bathroom Companion. The pieces in the book were created by the National Lampoon's regular contributors.
A description (or possibly a subtitle) on the cover reads:
A Miscellany, Risque, of Choice Selections from the Bounteous Ribaldry of the Monthly National Lampoon. Prominently Displayed are the Works of Mr. Chris Miller, Mr. Sam Gross and Mr. Douglas Kenney.
The cover involves a woman in a suit kneeling holding a toilet paper roll like a dispenser as if they are the "Gentlemen's Bathroom Companion".
References
A list of National Lampoon books
Amazon listing here
Gentleman's Bathroom Companion 2
1977 books
The Love Suicides at Amijima (Shinjū Ten no Amijima or Shinjūten no Amijima 心中天網島) is a domestic play (sewamono) by Japanese playwright Chikamatsu Monzaemon. Originally written for the jōruri puppet theatre, it was adapted into kabuki shortly after its premiere on 3 January 1721. It is widely regarded as one of their greatest domestic plays and was hailed by Donald Keene as “Chikamatsu's masterpiece”.
Adaptations
The Japanese new wave filmmaker Masahiro Shinoda directed a stylized adaptation of the story as Double Suicide in 1969.
Milwaukee, WI-based Dale Gutzman (book, lyrics) and Todd Wellman (score) debuted the musical adaption AmijimA in 2007. Listen to the WUWM interview with the creative team.
The Australian National University's Za Kabuki performed a version of the play in 2005, directed by Mr. Shun Ikeda.
References
pg 170–208 of Four Major Plays of Chikamatsu
Chikamatsu Monzaemon, The Love Suicides at Amijima, in Haruo Shirane, ed., Early Modern Japanese Literature: An Anthology, 1600–1900 (Columbia University Press, 2002), pp. 313–47. .
Further reading
Major Plays of Chikamatsu, translated and introduced by Donald Keene (NY: Columbia University Press. 1961/1990), pp. 387–425.
External links
The Love Suicide at Amijima: A Study of a Japanese Domestic Tragedy by Chikamatsu Monzaemon
Scan of manuscript at Waseda University Library
Kabuki plays
Bunraku plays
1721 plays
Edo-period works
Japanese plays adapted into films
Buddhist plays
Vabis was the abbreviation and later also trademark of Swedish railway car manufacturer Vagnfabriks Aktiebolaget i Södertälje, which translates Wagon Factory Limited Company of Södertälje, established in 1891 in Södertälje. Vabis also manufactured petrol engines, automobiles, trucks, motor-powered draisines, motorboats and marine engines. The company was in 1911 merged with Maskinfabriks-aktiebolaget Scania, to form Scania-Vabis.
History
The company was established in December 1891 by steel manufacturer Surahammars Bruk and engineer and entrepreneur Philip Wersén, in what was then known as Södertelge, Södermanland County. Customers for the railway cars were the Swedish State Railways (SJ), Stockholms Spårvägar and other, private railway operators. In 1900, Vabis had a peak year, building a total of 323 carriages. Around 1904, they were allocated to build 150 carriages per year for SJ. The demand for carriages had levelled out, and manufacturers like Vabis needed to find other markets to stay afloat.
The first automobile built related to the company was a four-seater designed by Gustaf Erikson in Surahammar in 1897. Erikson had been hired by Vabis in 1896 to design engines and motorized carriages. Strongly resembling a contemporary carriage, it used a one-cylinder kerosene engine, tiller steering, and was not a success. Erikson replaced it with a tube-ignition four-stroke flat-twin in 1898, mounting it in a horse carriage, which they drove briefly. They then joined Vabis and started building automobiles. The first truck was built in 1902. In December 1903, one of their automobiles was displayed at the auto show in Paris. The same year, they also received the first actual order for a motor vehicle, a rail inspection car for Ystad–Eslövs Järnväg, powered by a one-cylinder 3.5-horsepower engine.
After being used as an abbreviation for the tongue-twisting company name for some time, "Vabis" was registered as a trademark in 1906. In 1908, a new 3-ton truck with a 20-horsepower engine was developed, winning the gold medal at the Swedish Royal Automobile Club's international truck competition in 1909, but there was no real market for the trucks, selling only five vehicles per year, in comparison to the company's expectance of 50 per year.
Surahammars Bruk kept losing money on the Vabis factory, and tried selling it, with the option of even closing it down if no buyer was found. But a buyer was found in Per Alfred Nordeman, managing director of Malmö-based Maskinfabriks-aktiebolaget Scania, a company with far better success in building automobiles and trucks, and with the need for a partner to build coachwork. An agreement was reached in November 1910, and in 1911 the two companies were merged to create Scania-Vabis, today known as Scania AB. Development and production of engines and light automobiles continued at Vabis' location, while trucks were manufactured in Malmö, together with the headquarters. Headquarters moved to Södertälje in 1912, and truck manufacturing too in the late 1920s.
Examples of Vabis vehicles can be seen at the Scania Museum in the Marcus Wallenberg-hallen in Södertälje.
References
External links
The Scania Museum – Marcus Wallenberg Hall
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1891
Rolling stock manufacturers of Sweden
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of Sweden
Scania AB
Karan Kaila (born 8 September 1994) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Punjab. They made their List A debut on 10 December 2015 in the 2015–16 Vijay Hazare Trophy. They made their Twenty20 debut for Punjab in the 2018–19 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy on 27 February 2019. They made their first-class debut on 17 December 2019, for Punjab in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Punjab, India cricketers
Cricketers from Patiala
There is a Song is the seventh album from The Free Design, released in 1972. After feeling that they had reached a dead end with their albums on the Project 3 label, they left to record for a smaller label in upstate New York called Ambrotype. The album also coincided with Chris Dedrick's move from Maryland to Toronto, where they and their sisters, who comprised the rest of the group, were mentored by Canadian musician and philosopher Kenneth G. Mills. Some tracks were recorded in Rochester and some in Toronto. It was the last album the group recorded until Cosmic Peekaboo nearly 30 years later, and was extremely rare until its reissue on CD by Light in the Attic Records.
Track listing
"Canada in Springtime" (Chris Dedrick)
"Kum Ba Yah" (Traditional)
"Peter, Paul and Mary" (Chris Dedrick)
"Pineapple, Crabapple" (Sandra Zynczak/John Hoover)
"The Symbols Ring" (Chris Dedrick)
"Stay" (Ellen Dedrick Griffin)
"I Wanna Be There" (Chris Dedrick)
"There is a Song" (Chris Dedrick)
"A Child is Born"
"Love Does Not Die" (Chris Dedrick)
"Chorale" (Chris Dedrick)
"Fugue" (Chris Dedrick)
References
The Free Design albums
1972 albums
The European Journal of Oncology Nursing is a peer-reviewed medical journal covering cancer research of direct relevance to patient care, nurse education, management, and policy development. It is published by Elsevier. The journal was established in 1997, with Alison Richardson as its founding editor-in-chief. It is the official journal of the European Oncology Nursing Society and its current editor-in-chief is Alex Molassiotis (Hong Kong Polytechnic University).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2018 impact factor of 1.697.
References
External links
Oncology nursing journals
Elsevier academic journals
English-language journals
Publications established in 1997
Bimonthly journals
Maharashtra State Highway 266 (SH266) is a major state highway in Gondia, in the state of Maharashtra. This state highway connecting Gondia, Kohamara, Arjuni Morgaon and Wadsa.
Major Junction
This highway is one of the important highway which directly connected with
National Highway 753 (India)
National Highway 53 (India)
National Highway 543 (India)
National Highway 353C (India)
See also
List of State Highways in Maharashtra
References
State Highways in Maharashtra
State Highways in Nagpur District
Shombi Sharp (born 1969) is an American diplomat with the United Nations, UN Resident Coordinator in India․
Career
On November 15, 2021, Sharp was appointed by the UN Secretary-General as UN Resident Coordinator in India. As UNRC, Sharp is the direct representative of the UN Secretary-General and highest ranking UN official based in the country, carrying a diplomatic rank equivalent to Ambassador of a foreign state. They also serve as Designated Official for Security of the UN system in country.
Prior to taking up their appointment in India, Sharp served in a number of capacities in various parts of the world, including Southern Africa, New York, Eastern Europe, Central Asia, the Middle East and the South Caucasus.  They are both a published author of works in the health economics field and a seasoned manager of technical assistance portfolios at the country and regional levels for over 20 years, with graduate training in economics and public health management. Sharp has served in a number of advisory positions, including as member of the World Health Organization's Knowledge Hub Advisory Board in Zagreb, Croatia, and as a World Bank Expert Panel member for Europe and Central Asia in Washington, DC. They were designated a USAID “Policy Champion” and nominated for the UNDP Administrator's Award, while having also spoken at numerous international fora, including the European Health Forum, Central European University, the Council on Foreign Relations, the Goldman Sachs Global Leaders Programmeme, and the Social Science Research Council in NY, USA.
Following several years in advertising, Sharp began their international development career in 1997 as Project Manager and Crisis Response Coordinator for CARE International in Harare, Zimbabwe. From 2001 to 2002 they served as the Moscow-based Assistant Resident Representative of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in Russia, and from 2002-2005, as a Programme Manager in the Western Balkans cluster of the UNDP Regional Bureau for Europe and CIS (RBEC) in New York, USA. From 2006-2010, Sharp led the Regional HIV/AIDS Practice for RBEC, covering over 20 countries and from 2010-2014 they were posted in Beirut as Deputy Country Director for UNDP Lebanon. There Sharp also served as Lead Coordinator for the Social Cohesion and Livelihoods sector of the international community's Regional Response Plan to the Syrian refugee crisis, coordinating a sectoral work plan of nearly USD 100 million annually across 27 implementing organisations. From 2014-2018 Sharp served as the UNDP Deputy Resident Representative in Georgia Immediately prior to their current posting as UN Resident Coordinator in India, Sharp was the UNDP Resident Representative in 2018 and UN Resident Coordinator in Armenia from 2018-2021.
Education
Sharp graduated from the University of Colorado at Boulder with a Master's Degree in Economics and the University of Kansas with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree. They have also completed the Executive Programme at the University of Chicago, Booth School of Business, and received a Postgraduate Diploma in HIV/AIDS Management from the National Medical University of South Africa and Stellenbosch University in South Africa.
Personal life
A US citizen, Sharp was born in Los Angeles, California and raised in Kansas City, where they attended the Pembroke Hill School. They and their wife, the artist Sarah Watterson, have two children.
References
External links
REVERSING, THE EPIDEMIC, FACTS AND POLICY OPTIONS
1969 births
Living people
People from Los Angeles
American officials of the United Nations
Economists from California
University of Kansas alumni
21st-century American economists
St. Stephen's Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church located in the Marble Hill neighborhood of Bronx, New York City. The church was designed by architect Alexander McMillan Welch and built in 1897. It is a two-story, Shingle style church on a raised basement. It has a cross-gable roof topped by a small cupola, a rose window on the front facade, and features a pronounced bell tower with an open belfry and balconies. The interior is based on the Akron Plan. The church has an attached Sunday School wing with a hipped roof. Also on the property is the contributing two-story, Queen Anne style frame parsonage.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
References
External links
American Guild of Organists website
Churches completed in 1897
United Methodist churches in New York City
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in the Bronx
Shingle Style architecture in New York City
Queen Anne architecture in New York City
Marble Hill, Manhattan
K'Von Wallace (born July 25, 1997) is an American football free safety for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Clemson and was drafted by the Eagles in the fourth round of the 2020 NFL Draft.
Early years
Wallace attended Highland Springs High School in Highland Springs, Virginia. They played defensive back and wide receiver in high school. They committed to Clemson University to play college football.
College career
Wallace played at Clemson from 2016 to 2019. During their career they played in 59 games with 36 starts. They were a member of the Tigers 2016 and 2018 national championship teams. They finished their career with 156 tackles, five interceptions, two sacks and a touchdown.
Professional career
Wallace was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the fourth round with the 127th overall pick of the 2020 NFL Draft. In a week 2 matchups against the Los Angeles Rams, Wallace recovered a fumble by wide receiver, Cooper Kupp on a punt return in the 37–19 loss.
On September 28, 2021, Wallace was placed on injured reserve after suffering a partially separated shoulder in Week 3. They were activated on October 30.
References
External links
Clemson Tigers bio
1997 births
Living people
People from Highland Springs, Virginia
Players of American football from Virginia
American football safeties
Clemson Tigers football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Heike Murrweiss (born 1 January 1966) is a German former handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
German female handball players
Olympic handball players of Germany
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Heilbronn
(stylized in all-lowercase) is a Japanese singer and actor.  They are known for their viral cover single "Bad Apple!!" which they released with Alstroemeria Records in 2007.  They are signed to the Lantis record label, and has released works which have been used in both anime and visual novels.
Career
Nomico debuted in 2004 as the lead singer of the musical circle LOOPCUBE. They released their debut album, entitled in 2004.
In 2006, they left LOOPCUBE to pursue a solo career; their debut single, "Shichaimashou" was used as the ending theme in the anime Renkin 3-kyū Magical? Pokān, in which they also acted, providing the voices of Keimi, an invisible woman who serves as a chaperone of the protagonists, and Jun, a talking rabbit. They released their solo debut album, Nomico no Mi in 2006.
Nomico has sung "Koisora Recycling" for Akikan!, "Skip!" for Moetan, "Randoseling" for Mitsudomoe Zouryouchuu!, "Karakuri Nemuri Dan" for Katanagatari, "Hoshikaze no Horoscope" for Hoshizora e Kakaru Hashi.
Although they have worked extensively in the visual novel and song cover scenes, nomico is known for their single "Bad Apple!!" which was a collaboration with Alstroemeria Records. Released in 2007, the song went viral both on YouTube and Nico Nico Douga, and spawned a massive number of remixes and fanworks. As of July 2021, the music video has gained 47 million views on YouTube. The song also charted on Nico Nico Douga's rankings around the time of its release.
Filmography
Discography
Studio albums
Singles
"Bad Apple!!" (with Alstroemeria Records)
"Hoshikaze no Horoscope"
"Karakuri Nemuri Dan"
"Koikora Recycling"
"Randoseling"
"Shichaimashou"
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Japanese women singers
Khamica Bingham (born June 15, 1994) is a Canadian track and field athlete who specialises in the 100 metres. They have represented Canada at the Pan American Games, Commonwealth Games and the World Championships in Athletics.
Bingham was born on June 15, 1994 in North York, Ontario. As a high schooler, they attended Heart Lake Secondary School. Originally a national-level gymnast, they switched to track due to the financial burden to their family of staying in their first sport.
In July 2012 they competed in the 100m at 14th IAAF World Junior Championships, placing 4th. They became part of the national record women's relay team along with Kimberly Hyacinthe, Crystal Emmanuel and Shai-Anne Davis.
In July 2016 they were officially named to Canada's Olympic team.
They competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
Khamica Bingham Profile at All-Athletics.com
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from North York
Athletes from Toronto
Black Canadian female track and field athletes
Canadian female sprinters
Commonwealth Games competitors for Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Pan American Games silver medalists for Canada
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Canada
Pan American Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2015 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2019 Pan American Games
Pan American Games track and field athletes for Canada
World Athletics Championships athletes for Canada
York University alumni
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Medalists at the 2015 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic female sprinters
Blackpan Manor (also Bochepon, 11th century; Blakepenne, 13th century) is a manor house in the parish of Brading on the Isle of Wight.
History
Blackpan is entered in Domesday as a small holding of 10 acres held by William son of Azor. It passed to the Lisles, with whom the overlordship remained until the 15th century. Of them it was held at the end of the 13th century by John Fleming, whose widow Hawise held it early in the next century. In 1346 Thomas le Vavasour and Elizabeth de Lisle held this half fee in succession to Hawise Fleming.
Before 1428 the manor had been divided between three holders, John Lisle, John Stower and Thomas Middlemarch. It reverted before 1460 to the overlords the Lisles of Wootton, and followed the descent of Shanklin (q.v.) until 1894, when it passed to Miss White, sister of Francis White-Popham. It 1912 it belonged to Mrs. White-Popham, but Capt. Macpherson, R.N., was tenant for life.
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Manor houses in England
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Nivaiya is a village in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The village is located near to Meja Road and Ramnagar in the Allahabad district. It is located in Meja Tehsil which is next to Manda Tehsil, the former P.M. V.P. Singh's birthplace.
References
Villages in Allahabad district
Victoria Rowe Holbrook is an American scholar and translator of Turkish literature and language. They studied at Harvard and Princeton, obtaining a PhD from the latter in 1985. Them subject was Near Eastern Studies. They won numerous fellowships and research grants in their academic career. They were attached to Ohio State University from 1987 to 2005, also teaching at Bilkent University, Koç University, and Bosphorus University in Turkey.
Them book, The Unreadable Shores of Love: Turkish Modernity and Mystic Romance, won the Turkish Studies Association M. Fuat Köprülü Book Prize.
 They are best known today for their translation of Orhan Pamuk's novel The White Castle, which won the inaugural Independent Foreign Fiction Prize. Other translations include:
Beauty And Love by Seyh Galip (2 vols.)
East West Mimesis: Auerbach in Turkey by Kader Konuk
The Other by Ece Vahapoglu
The New Cultural Climate in Turkey: Living in a Shop Window by Nurdan Gurbilek
Listen: Commentary on the Spiritual Couplets of Mevlana Rumi by Kenan Rifai
O Humankind: Surah Ya-Sin by Cemalnur Sargut (trans. Victoria Rowe Holbrook) (Nefes/Fons Vitae: Istanbul; 2021)
References
American translators
Harvard University alumni
Living people
American women writers
Princeton University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Farkhanda Amjad Ali Warraich is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly of Pakistan as an independent candidate from Constituency NA-92 (Toba Tek Singh-I) in 2002 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 205 votes and lost the seat to Amjad Ali Warraich, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (J). In the same election, they ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from Constituency PP-84 (Toba Tek Singh-I) as an independent candidate but was unsuccessful. They received 83 votes and lost the seat to Bilal Asghar Warraich.
They were elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-92 (Toba Tek Singh-I) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 69,827 votes and defeated Hamza, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N).
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-79 (Faisalabad-V) as a candidate of Pakistan National Muslim League (PNML) in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 11,549 votes and lost the seat to Chaudhry Shehbaz Babar. In the same election, they ran for the seat of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from Constituency PP-59 (Faisalabad-IX) as a candidate of PNML but was unsuccessful. They received 3,230 votes and lost the seat to Arif Mahmood Gill.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Year of birth missing (living people)
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1678.
Events
February – English dramatist Thomas Otway, perhaps escaping from an unhappy love affair with their leading actor, obtains a commission in an English regiment serving in the Franco-Dutch War and is sent in July to Flanders.
February 18 – The first part of English nonconformist John Bunyan's Christian allegory The Pilgrim's Progress, partly written while they were imprisoned for unlicensed preaching, is published in London.
March – The novel La Princesse de Clèves, presumed to be by Madame de La Fayette, is published in Paris. It is set in 1558–1559 and an early example of a psychological novel.
November – The English printer Joseph Moxon becomes the first tradesman to be elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of London.
New books
Prose
Manuel Ambrosio de Filguera –
John Barret – The Christian Temper, or, A Discourse Concerning the Nature and Properties of the Graces of Sanctification
Jacob Boehme – , (Amsterdam & Frankfurt; contains a portrait of Boehme by N. van Werd)
John Bunyan – The Pilgrim's Progress
Ralph Cudworth – The True Intellectual System of the Universe
Madame de La Fayette (anonymously) – La Princesse de Clèves
Sir Thomas Herbert – Threnodia Carolina
Thomas Hobbes – Decameron Physiologicum
Josiah King – The Examination and Trial of Old Father Christmas Together with their Clearing by the Jury
The Mowing-Devil: or, Strange News out of Hartford-Shire (a woodcut showing what is alleged to be the first crop circle)
The Works of Geber, Englished by Richard Russell.
Thomas Rymer – The Tragedies of the Last Age Considered
Jacob Spon – Voyage d'Italie, de Dalmatie, de Grèce et du Levant
Aernout van Overbeke – De rym-wercken
Drama
Anonymous
Actio Curiosa
John Banks – The Destruction of Troy
Aphra Behn – Sir Patient Fancy
William Chamberlayne – Wits Led by the Nose, or a Poet's Revenge published
Thomas Corneille – Le Comte d'Essex
John Dryden
All for Love
The Kind Keeper
Thomas d'Urfey
Trick for Trick
Squire Oldsapp
Edward Howard – The Man of Newmarket
Nathaniel Lee – Mithridates, King of Pontus
John Leanerd
The Counterfeits
The Rambling Justice
Thomas Otway – Friendship in Fashion
Samuel Pordage – The Siege of Babylon
Edward Ravenscroft – The English Lawyer (adapted from George Ruggle's Latin play Ignoramus)
Thomas Rawlins – Tunbridge Wells
Titus Andronicus, or the Rape of Lavinia (adapted from Shakespeare's play)
Thomas Shadwell
The History of Timon of Athens the Man-Hater
A True Widow
Nahum Tate – Brutus of Alba
Poetry
Anne Bradstreet – Several Poems Compiled with Great Variety of Wit and Learning (posthumously published)
Samuel Butler – Hudibras, Part 3
Dorthe Engelbrechtsdatter – ("The Souls Spiritual Offering of Song")
Births
January 10 – Paul Gabriel Antoine, French theologian (died 1743)
July – Thomas Hearne, editor of medieval manuscripts (died 1735)
December 14 – Daniel Neal, English historian (died 1743)
Unknown dates
Thomas Sherlock, English religious writer and bishop (died 1761)
William Wogan, Welsh religious writer in English (died 1758)
Deaths
January 16 – Madeleine de Souvré, marquise de Sablé, French writer and salonnière (born 1599)
March 10 – Jean de Launoy, French historian (born 1603)
April 12 – Sir Thomas Stanley, English poet, writer and translator (born 1625)
May 4 – Abraham Woodhead, English Catholic writer (born 1609)
May 14 or 15 – Anna Maria van Schurman, Dutch poet and scholar (born 1607)
August 16 – Andrew Marvell, English poet and politician (born 1621)
August 17 – Guillaume Herincx, Netherlandish theologian (born 1621)
November 21 – Robert Thoroton, English antiquary (born 1623)
Unknown date – Theophilus Gale, English theologian (born 1628)
Probable date – Richard Flecknoe English dramatist and poet (born c. 1600)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
The white-fronted honeyeater (Purnella albifrons) is a medium-sized bird species endemic to Australia. Mainly distributed throughout arid and semi-arid landscapes. The white-fronted honeyeater has distinct colourings with a white face, black or brown upper chest with white speckles and yellow panels on their brown wings.
The white-fronted honeyeater was described by the English bird artist John Gould in 1841 and given the binomial name Glyciphila albifrons. The specific epithet combines albus meaning 'white' with frons meaning 'forehead' or 'front'. The white-fronted honeyeater was formerly in the genus Phylidonyris, but is now classified as their own genus, Purnella. The generic name was chosen to honour the oologist and collector, Herbert A. Purnell.
Ecology
Diet -
White-fronted honeyeaters (as the name suggests) primarily consume nectar from flowers. Studies have been undertaken to expand this field of knowledge and it has been identified that when nectar is not available or in minimal supply, white-fronted honeyeaters may consume a range of other materials such as seeds, plant matter and insects. This level of variation within the diet allows white-fronted honeyeaters to be able to adapt to different environments and survive in arid areas. The diet of white-fronted honeyeaters has been determined by previous observational studies as well as the analysis of gizzard contents.
Behaviour -
The white-fronted honeyeater moves quickly throughout landscapes; foraging for food and avoiding predators. The species regularly frequents tall shrub species, such as Eremophilia shrubs and flowering mallee plants.
White-fronted honeyeaters breed in small colonies. This process ensures that white-fronted honeyeaters can warn their neighbours of the same species, of potential predators when they are at their most vulnerable. The female white-fronted honeyeater constructs their nest from materials that are easy to find within their landscape, that can add support and structure to the nest. Materials include a range of organic matter such as grasses, spider webs, roots, bark and plant stems. These materials are woven together to create a cup-like nest and is then lined with an extra layer to provide warmth and comfort to the chicks. This nest lining is composed of a mix of wool, cotton threads, fur and plant material. Nests are generally constructed in the lower branches of shrubs.
The female white-fronted honeyeaters nurtures and broods the eggs, providing warmth and safety. When the eggs hatch, both the female and male white-fronted honeyeaters work tirelessly to provide sufficient food for their young.
Predatory threats
White-fronted honeyeaters must remain vigilant of predators at all times including when brooding their young. Other bird species can be a major threat to nesting white-fronted honeyeaters as species such as butcherbirds, currawongs and corvids are known for raiding the nests of other bird species. These nest raiders are known to consume the eggs or young chicks of honeyeaters within Australia. Some snake species, such as the Western Brown Snake, are also known as nest predators, as they also consume the young chicks and eggs of the white-fronted honeyeater.
Accidents can happen during breeding season resulting in the destruction of the eggs or the nest. Heavy rain events can destroy nests or dislodge the nest from the shrub where it is located. Honeyeater species in general have been found to occasionally destroy eggs.
Conservation
White-fronted honeyeaters are currently classified as 'least concern' under the IUCN red list.
The species is secure in the majority of States and Territories in Australia, including SA, VIC, NSW, QLD, NT and WA.
White-fronted honeyeaters are not found in Tasmania due to the geographical distance from mainland Australia and the landscape composition of Tasmania.
Gallery
References
white-fronted honeyeater
Endemic birds of Australia
white-fronted honeyeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ventile, is a registered trademark used to brand a special high-quality woven cotton fabric first developed by scientists at the Shirley Institute in Manchester, England. Originally created to overcome a shortage of flax used for fire hoses and water buckets, its properties were also found to be ideal for pilots' immersion suits.
Extra-long-staple (ELS) cotton fibres are used to form a low-twist yarn, which is then woven into a tight high-density textile to create a 100% cotton fabric, capable of providing an effective barrier against inclement weather. In wet weather the softly spun yarns - within the tight weave - dynamically expand to form an effective barrier against the elements.
Currently the only manufacturer of this specification of cotton textile is the Swiss firm Stotz & Co AG, which spins, twists, weave and dyes the raw materials, and sells the textile directly under its own branding of etaProof cotton, supplying clothing manufacturers and wholesale textile distributors globally.
British production of Ventile eventually ended in the late 20th century but the trademark continued to be used by the British company Talbot Weaving (Chorley) Limited to market their wholesale distribution of etaProof cotton fabrics until 2017 when the trademark ownership was transferred to the manufacturer Stotz & Co AG. Alternative registered trademarks, owned by other commercial organisations used to market, promote or distribute the fabric, include Supermarine and Duuton3.
Technical detail
The cotton textile is densely woven from an extra long staple fibre (ELS). Although weatherproof, it is not coated or laminated; the combination of a dense weave and the swelling of the fibres when wet provide excellent weatherproofing. ELS cotton fibres are only available from around 2% of the world's entire cotton crop, but due to their naturally long length this creates yarns of superior strength as they can be spun using an exceptionally low twist. The natural product offers a high level of comfort due to its drape and breathability, while being durable and quiet in use. It also has good resistance to tearing and burning. However, it is not as light in weight as synthetic fabrics, particularly when wet. While only fabrics scoring hydrostatic head measurements of 1000mm or more are technically considered to be fully waterproof, etaProof fabrics (200g to 270g standard versions) achieve measurements no less than 750mm. This is usually considered to be sufficient for reasonable protection against typical rain. The standard 300g version scores 900mm, and the UK Ministry of Defence considers a measurement of 800mm to be "waterproof". A common design feature of some Ventile overgarments uses two separate layers of the textile - with offset seams - to dramatically improve the garment's weatherproof protection. This is commonly called double-layer or twin-layer Ventile.
L24/5620 and L19/5610 are made also in Organic way, denominated 5620.1 RUC and 5610.1 RUC respectively, replacing the fluorocarbon of DWR with paraffin wax. With this change, three properties worsened: Water absorption changed from 10% to 15%, Resistance to water hydrostatic head changed from 750mm to 600mm and Oil repellency changed from 5–6 to 0.
Uses
Fabrics made from the material are used in outerwear performance garments and have military, medical and workwear applications.
Ventile is still used in military uniforms, especially for pilots flying over water. It is not often used in the United States, but in Europe, especially in the UK, it has had a revival with the bushcraft movement. It is popular with birdwatchers and naturalists because, unlike synthetic fabrics such as Gore-Tex, it is quiet in use. Alternative branding of the textile, such as Duuton3, is designed to promote less emphasis upon waterproofing and to disassociate itself from the reserve of military, vintage or bushcraft use and position its adoption more favourably amidst travel-wear, general outdoor sports and functional fashion as a practical cotton material with coincidental weatherproof characteristics.
See also
Grenfell Cloth
References
External links
Ventile
EtaProof, Stotz & Co AG.
Woven fabrics
Javier Eraso Goñi (; born 22 March 1990) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club Akritas Chlorakas as a midfielder.
Club career
Born in Pamplona, Navarre, Eraso graduated from Athletic Bilbao's youth setup, and started playing as a senior in the 2008–09 season with CD Basconia, in the Tercera División. One year later, they were promoted to the reserves in the Segunda División B.
On 19 June 2013, Eraso was released by the Lions and joined CD Leganés also of the third division the following month. They appeared in 42 games during the campaign, as the Madrid club was promoted to Segunda División after a ten-year absence.
Eraso played their first match as a professional on 7 September 2014, starting in a 3–1 home win against RCD Mallorca. They scored their first goal in the second tier on 21 December, the last in 2–0 home victory over Recreativo de Huelva.
On 31 May 2015, Eraso scored a hat-trick in a 5–2 away rout of FC Barcelona B. On 1 July they returned to Athletic, now being assigned to the first team in La Liga.
Eraso made their official debut for Athletic on 30 July 2015, starting and scoring both goals in a 2–0 win against Inter Baku PIK at the San Mamés Stadium in the third qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League. They netted their first top-flight goal on 13 February of the following year, equalising an eventual 4–2 away loss to Real Madrid.
Eraso returned to Leganés on 24 July 2017, with the side now competing in the top division. They went on to make 215 competitive appearances over two spells at the Estadio Municipal de Butarque, being relegated in 2019–20.
On 4 July 2022, Eraso moved abroad for the first time in their career, with the 32-year-old signing a two-year contract with Cypriot First Division newcomers Akritas Chlorakas.
International career
Eraso did not earn any caps for Spain at any level. They did feature for the unofficial Basque Country regional team.
Honours
Athletic Bilbao
Supercopa de España: 2015
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Pamplona
Association football midfielders
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
CD Basconia footballers
Bilbao Athletic footballers
CD Leganés players
Athletic Bilbao footballers
Cypriot First Division players
Akritas Chlorakas players
Basque Country international footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Alberto Aguilar Leiva (born 12 July 1984), known simply as Alberto, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Antequera CF as a defensive midfielder or central defender.
They totalled 278 games and 18 goals in Segunda División, with Málaga B, Granada 74, Albacete, Córdoba and Ponferradina. In La Liga they represented Málaga (one appearance) and Getafe (32), and also played professionally in Australia and Cyprus.
Club career
Alberto was born in Benamejí, Córdoba. A product of Málaga CF's youth system, they made their professional debuts for the first team in the last match of the 2002–03 season, a 0–1 La Liga away loss against RCD Mallorca, while also helping the reserves achieve a 2003 promotion to Segunda División.
For the 2005–06 campaign, Alberto signed with Madrid's Getafe CF, totalling 30 top-flight appearances in their first two years and also playing an important part in the team's runner-up run in the Copa del Rey. However, the arrival of coach Michael Laudrup deemed them surplus to requirements in their third, which prompted a release in January 2008 with a move to second level club Granada 74 CF.
Alberto stayed in that tier ahead of the following season, joining Albacete Balompié. In August 2010, as a free agent, they returned to their native Andalusia after agreeing to a deal at Córdoba CF.
From 2013 to 2015, Alberto continued competing in division two, with SD Ponferradina. On 9 August 2015, aged 31, they moved abroad for the first time, signing for Western Sydney Wanderers.
On 5 May 2016, after having helped their team reach the Grand Final, Alberto was released. In June, they joined Cypriot club Anorthosis Famagusta FC on a one-year deal.
Honours
Getafe
Copa del Rey runner-up: 2006–07
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Province of Córdoba (Spain)
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Andalusia
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Association football utility players
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Atlético Malagueño players
Málaga CF players
Getafe CF footballers
Granada 74 CF footballers
Albacete Balompié players
Córdoba CF players
SD Ponferradina players
FC Cartagena footballers
Antequera CF footballers
A-League Men players
Western Sydney Wanderers FC players
Cypriot First Division players
Anorthosis Famagusta F.C. players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Australia
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Australia
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Stapenhill is a civil parish in the district of East Staffordshire, Staffordshire, England. The parish contains five listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. All the listed buildings are designated at Grade II, the lowest of the three grades, which is applied to "buildings of national importance and special interest".
The parish is in the eastern part of the town of Burton upon Trent. The listed buildings are a timber framed farmhouse, a town house, the gateway to a cemetery, a church, and a footbridge.
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Staffordshire
Rafati (; related either to the Arabic Muslim masculine given name Rafaat () or Rifat ()) is an Arabic and Persian language surname which is also to be found among the Iranian diaspora. Notable people with the surname include:
Babak Rafati (born 1970), former Iranian-German football referee
Jami Rafati (born 1994), Iranian-Italian footballer
Shahrzad Rafati (born 1980), Canadian chief executive of Iranian descent
References
Persian-language surnames
District 34 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes a portion of Washington County. The current representative for the district is Democrat Ken Helm of Beaverton.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Washington County, Oregon
Jamalabad (, also Romanized as Jamālābād) is a village in Jamalabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,717, in 439 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
-
Aurel Silviu Panait (born 27 August 1968) is a Romanian former footballer who played as a defender and midfielder.
International career
Aurel Panait played one friendly game at international level for Romania, when coach Cornel Dinu sent them on the field to replace Ilie Dumitrescu in the 69th minute of a 2–0 victory against Latvia.
Honours
Petrolul Ploiești
Divizia B: 1988–89
Steaua București
Divizia A: 1992–93, 1993–94, 1994–95, 1995–96
Cupa României: 1991–92, 1995–96
Supercupa României: 1994, 1995
Dynamo Berlin
NOFV-Oberliga Nord: 1991–92
References
1968 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Romania international footballers
Association football defenders
Liga I players
Liga II players
2. Liga (Austria) players
2. Bundesliga players
FC Petrolul Ploiești players
FC Steaua București players
Wuppertaler SV players
1. FSV Mainz 05 players
SV Wehen Wiesbaden players
Berliner FC Dynamo players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Romanian expatriates in Austria
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Romanian expatriates in Germany
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Sportspeople from Ploiești
Alonso Fernández de Heredia (died March 19, 1782) was a Spanish Captain General and administrator who governed Honduras (1747), Florida (1751–1758), Yucatan (in modern-day Mexico; 1758–?), the Captaincy General of Guatemala (1761–1771) and Nicaragua (1761–1771).
Biography
Alonso Fernández de Heredia was born in Cetina, Zaragoza, Spain, in the first half of the 18th century. They were the son of Antonio Fernandez de Heredia y Liñan Altarriba, 2nd Count of Contamina, and of Beatriz Ximenez de Cerdan y Gurrea, 2nd Marquesa de Barboles. They were a captain in the Spanish army and later a Field Marshal of the royal armies. In 1749, they were involved in a well-known smuggling case of the time; twenty nine years later, they were sentenced along with other accused participants. Heredia, like the other persons accused of smuggling, had fought against the British and promoted a plan to defend Spanish possessions on the Atlantic Coast .
Two years later, in 1751 (or on 18 April 1755, according to some sources), they were appointed governor of Florida, where they established a naval stores industry. The last substantial modifications of the Castillo de San Marcos under Spanish rule had begun in 1738, and were concluded in 1756 during their governorship with the construction of a drawbridge and portcullis at the fort's sally port entrance, as well as a plaque of the Spanish royal coat-of-arms above them.
On the other hand, the Florida population grew under Heredia's administration when 363 agricultural settlers from the Canary Islands, Spain, arrived in St. Augustine in October 1757. The Spanish authorities had conceived a plan to repopulate the province with groups of Spanish settlers, and altogether the Spanish crown sent 154 families hailing from the Canary Islands to Florida between 1757 and 1759. Heredia's term as governor of Florida ended on April 21, 1758, when they were appointed to serve as governor of Yucatan, Mexico.
Among their accomplishments in Yucatan, Heredia published a royal decree which exempted Indian women from all taxes and ordered several modifications to the fortification of Campeche.
On June 14, 1761, Heredia was sent to Guatemala to become its Captain General. They soon requested the Spanish crown to create a viceroyalty of Guatemala, pointing to the region's development of large cattle ranches and sugar cane, fruit and cocoa plantations, as well as the higher development of its cities, but the request was rejected. The same year, they were also appointed governor of Nicaragua (although according to some sources, they were actually governor of Nicaragua between 1746–1753) and acting governor of Honduras. Their government in Honduras implemented a series of changes such as the reorganization of the tax code and an extension of state jurisdiction in social sectors. These initiatives met great success due to the goodwill they had cultivated with the provincial bureaucracy in their previous positions. Heredia was also able to improve relations with local government, including more efficient processing of applications by the people of Tegucigalpa. On March 12, 1768, they left the Captaincy General of Guatemala. Heredia also was recognized by the construction of Tegucigalpa in the construction of Omoa, where many people died due to the harsh climate of the region and their difficulty in adapting to it.
Heredia died on March 19, 1782, in Guatemala City.
Personal life
Alonso Fernández de Heredia married the 3rd Countess San Clemente Elena Marin de Villanueva e Hijar, with whom they had one daughter, Maria Magdalena Fernandez de Heredia y Marin de Villanueva.
References
External links
Cantones: Heredia (In Spain).
Royal Governors of La Florida
Governors of Yucatán (state)
Governors of Honduras
Governors of Nicaragua
People from Zaragoza
1782 deaths
Year of birth unknown
The Borden Twins (born May 29, 1932), Rosalyn Borden and Marilyn Borden, were twin sisters who acted together in numerous television programs from the 1950s until the 1980s. They were best remembered as "Teensy" and "Weensy" in an episode of I Love Lucy entitled "Tennessee Bound". They never rose above supporting players, but the duo performed in many venues, including gigs on the nightclub circuit, as well as larger events including the Rose Bowl. The twins also performed at numerous USO shows at home and overseas. The sisters worked with notable performers such as Lucille Ball, Dean Martin, and Jerry Lewis, Andy Williams, Sammy Davis, Jr., Jimmy Durante, Bea Arthur, Bob Newhart and The Ritz Brothers.
Rosalyn "Roz" Borden died January 23, 2003 of liver disease in Modesto, California. Marilyn Borden died March 25, 2009 of complications of congestive heart failure and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, also in Modesto.
Television
Four Star Revue (Girls in Gondola 1 episode 1952)
The Colgate Comedy Hour (1952)
The Spike Jones Show (1954 and 1957)
The Ed Wynn Show
The Jimmy Durante Show (1955-1957 regular performers)
I Love Lucy (episode 112 "Tennessee Bound" January 24, 1955 as Teensy and Weensy)
Rhoda... Rosalyn (Marilyn's scene was cut).
CHiPs .... Lottie and Dottie Tidwell (1 episode, 1977)
Maude .... Monica and Shirley (1 episode, 1978)
Apple Pie .... Trudy and Judy Laskey (1 episode, 1978)
The Ropers .... Hetty and Betty (1 episode, 1979)
Lottery! .... Flora and Dora (1 episode, 1984)
The Joan Rivers Show.... (1989)
Out of This World .... Buffalo Breath Twins (1 episode, 1990)
All-Star Party for Aaron Spelling (1998)
References
External links
Official Website
American television actores
1932 births
2003 deaths
2009 deaths
20th-century American actores
21st-century American women
L'Île-des-Pins is a commune in the South Province of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. L'Île-des-Pins is made up of the Isle of Pines, the smaller Kôtomo Island, and several islets around these two, as well as the distant island of Walpole, which is located almost to the east. The Isle of Pines and adjacent islands are located to the south of New Caledonia's mainland. At 16,830 km from Paris, L'Île-des-Pins is further from the French capital than any other commune of France. The settlement of Vao, on the Isle of Pines, is the administrative centre of the commune of L'Île-des-Pins.
L'Île-des-Pins is one of the main tourist attractions in New Caledonia. The Isle of Pines itself is nicknamed l'île la plus proche du paradis ("the closest island to Paradise"). L'Île-des-Pins can be reached by boat or plane from Nouméa, the capital of New Caledonia. It is renowned for the intense blue colors of its waters and for the ancient pine tree groves spread throughout the Isle of Pines and the neighboring islands.
After the Paris Commune (1871), about 2,800 Parisian insurgents were deported to L'Île-des-Pins, a part of whose territory was turned into a penal settlement where the convicts lived for several years.
In 2005 L'Île-des-Pins gained attention when season 5 of French reality show Les Aventuriers de Koh-Lanta ("The Adventurers of Koh Lanta"), the French version of Survivor, was set on several small islands off the Isle of Pines.
References
External links
Audio interview (in English) with Isle of Pines resident available at ULiveWhere.com
Jane's Isle of Pines Page
Map of L'Île-des-Pins
Iledespins
Wabaunsee County (standard abbreviation: WB) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 6,877. Its county seat is Alma. The county was created by the territorial legislature of Kansas Territory on March 25, 1859, and was named for a chief of the Potawatomi Indians.
History
19th century
For millennia, the land now known as Kansas was inhabited by Native Americans. In 1803, most of modern Kansas was secured by the United States as part of the Louisiana Purchase. The first white settlers in the area were said to have been a band of outlaws known as the McDaniel Gang.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized and Wabaunsee County was created by the territorial legislature on March 25, 1859. The name used since 1859 is derived from the Potawatomi "Wah-bon-seh", meaning "dawn of day" literally, and it was the name of the chief of the Potawatomi Indians. Originally, the county was named Richardson, after William Alexander Richardson, a member of congress from Illinois, who introduced the first Kansas and Nebraska Bill in the House of Representatives, which made certain Indian lands territories in 1854.
Also in 1854, the Beecher Bible and Rifle Church was established by a group of free-staters, who had rifles shipped to the church to be used in the free-state effort in boxes marked Bibles. Captain William Mitchell, Jr., a seaman who joined the Beecher Bible and Rifle Colony that settled in Wabaunsee, played an important role in the county settlement and with the underground railroad.
The county's first church, Wabaunsee Church of Christ, was founded in June 1857.
In 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state, entering the union as a free state.
The first railroad to be built through Wabaunsee County was the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe in 1880. In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a main line from Topeka to Herington. This main line connected Topeka, Valencia, Willard, Maple Hill, Vera, Paxico, McFarland, Alma, Volland, Alta Vista, Dwight, White City, Latimer, Herington.
20th century
A massive drought beginning in 1930 resulted in a series of dust storms that lasted until 1941. The drought combined with the onset of the Great Depression, forced farmers off the land. This ecological disaster caused an exodus of many farmers to escape from the hostile environment of Kansas. As the world demand for wheat plummeted, rural Kansas became poverty-stricken. The state became an eager participant in such major New Deal relief programs as the Civil Works Administration, the Federal Emergency Relief Administration, the Civilian Conservation Corps, the Works Progress Administration, which put tens of thousands of Kansans to work as unskilled labor. Republican Governor Alf Landon also employed emergency measures, including a moratorium on mortgage foreclosures and a balanced budget initiative. The Agricultural Adjustment Administration succeeded in raising wheat prices after 1933, thus alleviating the most serious distress.
During World War II, the U.S. Army located a German prisoner of war camp at Lake Wabaunsee, near Eskridge. It was believed that the prisoners would be less of a security risk in North America, where there were fewer Nazi sympathizers, than they would be in Europe. The prisoners were paid $0.40 per hour and granted a daily noon lunch, in exchange for their help on farms and bridges throughout the region.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Pottawatomie County (north)
Shawnee County (east)
Osage County (southeast)
Lyon County (south)
Morris County (southwest)
Geary County (west)
Riley County (northwest)
Demographics
Wabaunsee County is part of the Topeka, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.
As of the census of 2000, there were 6,885 people, 2,633 households, and 1,958 families residing in the county. The population density was 9 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 3,033 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.24% White, 0.46% Black or African American, 0.49% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.60% from other races, and 1.00% from two or more races. 1.86% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,633 households, out of which 33.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 64.30% were married couples living together, 6.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.60% were non-families. 23.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.70% under the age of 18, 6.20% from 18 to 24, 26.70% from 25 to 44, 24.80% from 45 to 64, and 15.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,710, and the median income for a family was $47,500. Males had a median income of $31,629 versus $23,148 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,704. About 5.80% of families and 7.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.40% of those under age 18 and 7.90% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Wabaunsee County is overwhelmingly Republican. No Democratic presidential candidate has won Wabaunsee County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932, and since at least 1888 only Roosevelt in 1932 and 1936, plus William Jennings Bryan in 1896, have reached 41 percent of the county's vote for the Democratic Party. The county was however one of three Kansas counties – Anderson and Jefferson being the other two – to give a plurality to Ross Perot in 1992.
Laws
Wabaunsee County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Wamego USD 320
Wabaunsee USD 329
Mission Valley USD 330
Communities
Cities
Alma
Alta Vista
Eskridge
Harveyville
Maple Hill
McFarland
Paxico
St. Marys (part)
Willard (part)
Unincorporated communities
Keene
Newbury
Volland
Wabaunsee
Wilmington
Ghost town
Bradford
Vera
Townships
Wabaunsee County is divided into thirteen townships. None of the cities within the county are considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wabaunsee County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Early History of Wabaunsee County, Kansas; Matt Thomson; 376 pages; 1901.
Standard Atlas of Wabaunsee County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 76 pages; 1919.
Standard Atlas of Wabaunsee County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 47 pages; 1902.
Atlas of Wabaunsee County, Kansas; Gillen & Davy; 51 pages; 1885.
External links
County
Wabaunsee County - Directory of Public Officials
Historical
Wabaunsee County GenWeb website
Maps
Wabaunsee County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
Kansas placenames of Native American origin
1859 establishments in Kansas Territory
Topeka metropolitan area, Kansas
Stone County Courthouse may refer to:
Stone County Courthouse (Arkansas), Mountain View, Arkansas
Stone County Courthouse (Mississippi), Wiggins, Mississippi
Stone County Courthouse (Missouri), Galena, Missouri
Gnathodolus bidens is a species of headstander endemic to the Orinoco and Casiquiare rivers in Venezuela. It is the only member of its genus.
Environment
Gnathodolus bidens is known to be found in a freshwater environment within a benthopelagic depth range. This species is native to a tropical climate.
Distribution
Gnathodolus bidens can be found in South America, Orinoco, Casiquiare rivers, and Venezuela.
Biology
Gnathodolus bidens has the ability to breed once the pair is in a heavily dense and weeded area. This species serves as no threat to humans and they are considered to be harmless.
Classification
The taxonomic classification of Gnathodolus bidens is as follows:
Kingdom : Animalia
Phylum : Chordata
Subphylum : Vertebrata
Superclass : Osteichthyes
Class : Actinopterygii
Subclass : Neopterygii
Infraclass : Teleostei
Superorder : Ostariophysi
Order : Characiformes
Family : Anostomidae
Subfamily : Anostominae
Genus : Gnathodolus
Species : Gnathodolus bidens
References
Notes
Anostomidae
Monotypic fish genera
Fish of Venezuela
Endemic fauna of Venezuela
Fish described in 1927
Randall Parks Frazier II (born November 20, 1991) is an American football coach who is currently the assistant quarterbacks coach for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL).
Coaching career
Frazier began their coaching career at Samford as a defensive quality control during the 2015 spring season. They were spent the 2015 season at Middle Tennessee State as a defensive intern before joining the coaching staff at Arkansas State as a graduate assistant.
Indianapolis Colts
At the recommendation of their former college teammate, Frazier was hired by the Indianapolis Colts as the assistant to head coach Frank Reich in 2018. They were assigned as an offensive quality control coach in 2020 before being promoted to assistant quarterbacks coach in 2021.
Personal life
Frazier is married to Caroline Cann, a former reporter for the Colts website. The couple were wed by Colts head coach Frank Reich.
Frazier's home was damage in a shooting in 2019, where 77 rounds were fired into. No residents were home, and no injuries were reported. The targeting of Frazier's house was later ruled as a mistake.
References
External links
Indianapolis Colts profile
1991 births
Living people
People from Corinth, Mississippi
Players of American football from Mississippi
Coaches of American football from Mississippi
American football quarterbacks
Northeast Mississippi Tigers football players
Murray State Racers football players
Samford Bulldogs football coaches
Middle Tennessee Blue Raiders football coaches
Arkansas State Red Wolves football coaches
Indianapolis Colts coaches
Liebenburg is a municipality in the district of Goslar, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Geography
The municipal area is situated north of the Harz mountain range, within the eastern Salzgitter Hills of the Innerste Uplands. It borders on the district capital Goslar, approx. in the south; the adjacent municipalities in the north are Salzgitter-Bad and Schladen in Wolfenbüttel District.
Subdivisions
The municipality comprises Liebenburg proper (with 2,140 inhabitants) and the following nine villages, which were incorporated on 1 July 1972 with the following population as of 30 June 2018:
Dörnten (1,189 inhabitants) with Kunigunde
Groß Döhren (872)
Heißum (301)
Klein Döhren (420)
Klein Mahner (333)
Neuenkirchen (206)
Ostharingen (246)
Othfresen (1,902) with Heimerode and Posthof
Upen (317)
History
Archaeological excavations of a gallery grave indicate a settlement of the area in the Late Neolithic. The former Saxon estates in 1235 belonged to the territory of the newly established Prince-Bishopric of Hildesheim.
From 1292 to 1302, Prince-bishop Siegfried II of Querfurt had the Levenborch spur castle erected in the Salzgitter Hills, near where their episcopal lands bordered on the Principality of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel. From 1366 it was pawned by their successors to the citizens of Braunschweig, important to secure the trade route to the Imperial City of Goslar.
The castle was seized by the warlike duke Henry V of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel after the Hildesheim Diocesan Feud in 1523 and temporarily served as hidden residence of their mistress Eva von Trott. The Catholic duke in turn lost it to the Protestant Schmalkaldic League, whose troops campaigned the Brunswick lands from 1542 until their final defeat in the 1547 Battle of Mühlberg. During the Thirty Years' War, the stronghold was used as headquarters by the Imperial Generalissimo Albrecht von Wallenstein in 1625, it was occupied by Swedish troops in 1633, and reconquered by the Imperial Army in 1641.
By a 1643 peace treaty with the Braunschweig dukes, the heavily damaged castle was restored to Hildesheim, while day laborers and craftsmen lived within its walls. The Hildesheim prince-bishops promoted the settlement of Catholic families. The castle itself was partly rebuilt in a Baroque style by the order of the Wittelsbach prince-bishop Clemens August until construction work was abandoned due to the outbreak of the Seven Years' War in 1756. After the bishopric was finally secularised in 1802, Liebenburg fell to the Kingdom of Hanover in 1814.
Demographics
(from 1968 on numbers of inhabitants as of 31 December)
Politics
Seats in the municipal assembly (Gemeinderat) as of 2011 local elections:
SPD: 11 seats
CDU: 8
Greens: 1
Die Linke: 1
Free Voters: 1
Elections in September 2016:
SPD: 10 seats
CDU: 7 seats
AfD: 2 seats
Alliance 90/The Greens: 1 seat
FDP: 1 seat
The LEFT: 1 seat
Mayors
Since October 2013: Alf Hesse (SPD)
1996-2013: Hubert Spaniol (SPD)
References
External links
Goslar (district)
Province of Hanover
Earl Steffa Moran (December 8, 1893 – January 17, 1984), born in Belle Plaine, Iowa, was a 20th-century pin-up and glamour artist. Moran's first instruction in art came under the direction of John Stich, an elderly German artist who also taught the great illustrator W.H.D. Koerner. Moran also studied with Walter Biggs at the Chicago Art Institute.
Moran later studied at the famed Art Students League in Manhattan, where they learned from the muralists Vincent Drumond, Robert Henri, Thomas Fogarty (Norman Rockwell's teacher), and the legendary anatomist George Bridgman. After moving back to Chicago in 1931 and opening a small studio where they specialized in photography and illustration, they sent some paintings of bikini-clad girls to two calendar companies; when both Brown and Bigelow and Thomas D. Murphy Company bought the work, their career was officially launched.
Moran signed an exclusive contract with Brown and Bigelow in 1932 and by 1937, their pinups had sold millions of calendars for the company. In 1940, Life ran a feature article entitled "Speaking of Pictures" which mostly focused on Moran's work and made them a national celebrity. In 1941, Moran helped the magazine publisher, Robert Harrison, to launch a new men's magazine called Beauty Parade, and they later contributed pin-ups to other Harrison magazines such as Flirt, Wink and Giggles.
In 1946, Moran moved to Hollywood though they had already painted many movie stars including Betty Grable, for publicity posters. Soon after their arrival, they interviewed a young starlet named Norma Jeane Dougherty who wanted to model for him. For the next four years, Marilyn Monroe posed for Moran and the two became friends. They always credited them with making their legs look better than they were as they felt they were too thin. Moran's work during this time period is now their most valuable; a Moran Marilyn pastel sold for $83,650, nearly doubling the previous record for one of their works, when the Craig MacMillan collection was sold at Heritage Auctions in February 2011.
Moran lived in the San Fernando Valley from 1951 to 1955, hosting fabulous parties, directing and starring in short television films, painting portraits of Earl Carroll's Vanities Girls, and maintaining their position as a star of the pin-up world.
After a move to Las Vegas (circa 1955), Moran decided to devote their time to painting fine-art subjects, with nudes as their favorite theme. Signing with Aaron Brothers Galleries, they painted for collectors until 1982, when their eyesight failed. Some of their earlier works for Harrison were signed "Steffa" or "Black Smith". Moran died in Santa Monica, CA, on January 17, 1984.
Moran's daughter by their first marriage, Marie, became a film actor in Hollywood in the 1940s under the name Peggy Moran. They retired fairly early to marry well-known Hollywood director Henry Koster.
References
Students of Robert Henri
Pin-up artists
American illustrators
People from Belle Plaine, Iowa
1893 births
1984 deaths
Antonio Araujo Silva (born August 26, 1985 in Jordão), known by their nickname Araujo Jordão, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Rio Branco–AC as forward. They already played for national competitions such as Copa do Brasil, Campeonato Brasileiro Série C and Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.
Career statistics
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Rio Branco Football Club players
Clube Recreativo e Atlético Catalano players
Ramize Erer (born 1963) is a Turkish female cartoonist, painter, short story writer and feminist. They break taboos and attacks traditional gender roles with the woman figures in their cartoons. They were honored with the Creative Courage Award in 2017.
Early years
Ramize Erer was born in Kırklareli, Turkey in 1963, the fourth of five children of a bookkeeper father and a housewife mother. They spent their childhood at their grandparents' home in Kırklareli, and their adolescence in Istanbul. While there, they spent the summer holidays with their siblings in Kırklareli, where they tried to copy the landscape paintings on the wall of their grandparents' home. Illustrations in the novel Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens impressed Erer. They studied painting at the Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University, and graduated in 1990. During their adolescence, Erer read feminist literature. It helped them feel stronger and understand that they shared similar experiences with other women.
Cartooning career
At the age of 16, they started drawing cartoons for the weekly humor magazine Gırgır, produced by Oğuz Aral a famous Turkish cartoonist. They published their first book Bir Bıyıksız (A Mustache) in 1990. They became known particularly for their cartoon character Kötü Kız (The Bad Girl) created in 1999. After six months at the Turkish daily newspaper Cumhuriyet they were fired, as they found their cartoons obscene. They published cartoons with Kötü Kız for more than ten years in the Turkish daily Radikal, while they created the character Tüpçü (The Propane-bottle Delivery Man) for the magazine Feminist Pazartesi (The Feminist Monday).
When the Muhammad cartoons controversy in Denmark caused a sensation and fierce debates around the world, they took a keen interest in the Cartooning for Peace international traveling exhibition of the United Nations Regional Information Centre, highlighting their position on the dispute over the cartoons saying that "satire needs freedom."
In addition to their work in newspapers, Erer drew cartoons for the humor magazines Hıbır and LeMan. In March 2011, they were one of the founders of the feminist humor magazine Bayan Yani, the only comic in the world designed exclusively by women. They continued to run it from Paris during their exile after threats were made against them in Turkey. I cartoons about the Gezi Park protests in Istanbul in May 2013 were particularly popular. Over the course of their career, Erer has drawn or illustrated more than ten thousand cartoons and stories.
Erer is married to another cartoonist, and is the mother of a son and a daughter.
Criticism
Erer admits that "her mother gave them something, which other mothers feared to give to their daughters: freedom." They observed their mother's female friends in gatherings at home, and the girls they met in the streets of Istanbul during their high school years. They liked the theme of the song Good Girls Go to Heaven (Bad Girls Go Everywhere), and simply preferred the latter. The inspiration for their sharp-edged cartoons comes from their visits to the beauty parlor in the Cihangir neighborhood of Istanbul, where they live. The hair salon is a meeting place where gossip is shared.
Belgian-Israeli cartoonist Michel Kichka (born 1954) comments that "she is a mix of the Belgian school and French comics creator Jean-Marc Reiser (1941–1983)." They add that "her designs inevitably suggest American sitcoms." Them "bad girls" wear hot pants and act freely. Them novelist friend Vivet Kanetti says that "her cartoon characters are very hedonistic, and expose their femininity and body fat without inferiority complexes."
Them Turkish colleague İzel Rozental criticized their cartoons, saying "the background does not change much: two or at most three people are sitting on a sofa or a bed, chatting or talking loudly about sex or their relationships." They add that "it is sometimes shocking even though we have been familiar with their cartoons for twenty years." Erer says that when they published a cartoon of a masturbating girl, a first in the Turkish press, "all hell broke loose." French cartoonist Georges Wolinski (1934–2015) of Charlie Hebdo said "he admires 'the girls mooning and kidding around with males' of the impertinent cartoonist, who attacks the Turkish community and particularly the relationship between men and women." They emphasized "she is a real sister," and had offered "endless friendship and support" to them and their family.
On the occasion of the publication of their cartoon book in Germany in 2008, the German weekly news magazine Stern wrote "she is one of the few Turkish cartoonists who are invariably critical of the role of women in their country. They break taboos and scourges the traditional gender roles with a strong dash of irony and cynicism, addressing adultery and bigamy, homosexuality and bisexuality, often reaching the limits of tolerance." The Stern commented, "for millions of Turkish women, they have become a cult—because they express what many Turkish women think, but do not dare, publicly to stand by: for social equality and recognition."
Painting career
In 2007, Erer moved with their 10-year-old son and 3-year-old daughter to Paris, France. They took up painting again, and was invited to take part in a group exhibition at the Kuad Gallery in Istanbul after they attracted the attention of curator Beral Madra. In 2016, they held their first solo exhibition of paintings in the Versus Art Project at the Contemporary Istanbul annual art fair.
Recognition
The Angoulême International Comics Festival honored Erer with the Couilles-au-cul Prize ("Balls-in-the-ass") for the 2017 Creative Courage Award for the emphasis on feminism in their cartoons. At the awards ceremony, they said "I dedicate this award to my mother, who became a feminist without having known Virginia Woolf or Simone de Beauvoir, and who gave me unlimited freedom and the courage to talk about the problems and desires of women and the relationships between them, men and women."
Works
Them notable works include Bir Bıyıksız, Eşi Nadide ("Rare Spouse"), Kötü Kız, Tehlikeli İlişkiler ("Dangerous Relations"), Evlilik ("Marriage") and Kız Hikayeleri ("Girl Stories"). Them album Kötü Kız was translated into German, and the album Evlilik into Italian. Them humor book Chica dü lüks was translated into German by Nilgün Cön und Aşkın-Hayat Doğan and published in Germany in 2008.
Cartoon
Cartoon
References
Living people
1963 births
People from Kırklareli
Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University alumni
Turkish cartoonists
Turkish painters
Turkish women cartoonists
Turkish women painters
Turkish comics artists
Turkish female comics artists
Cumhuriyet people
Radikal (newspaper) people
Turkish women short story writers
21st-century Turkish painters
Turkish feminists
21st-century women artists
Guy Lagorce (born 12 January 1937) in La Bachellerie (Dordogne) is a French journalist and writer, winner of the 1984 prix des libraires.
Biography
Guy Lagorce is a former French sprint international athlete (100m, 200m and member of the French team. They improved the national record of the 4 × 100 m in 1961 at Thonon with Genevay, Piquemal and Delecour in 39'9 and that of Europe in the 4 X 200m also in 1961 with the same compatriots sprinters. They have 13 team selections from France.
They then became a sports journalist and chief editor at L'Équipe, TF1, Le Figaro, Paris Match and L'Express.
In addition, as a writer, several films and TV films have been made on television and in films from their books, in particular by Jacques Ertaud and Yves Boisset.
Work
1972: La Fabuleuse Histoire des Jeux Olympiques, cowritten with , Minerva. — Prix de l'Académie des Sports
1975: Noblesse du sport, cowritten with Robert Parienté, illustrations by André Dunoyer de Segonzac and André Planson
1976: Ne pleure pas, Éditions Grasset, — Prix Maison de la Presse
1977: La Vitesse du vent, Éditions Julliard,
1979: Marie en plein soleil, France Loisir,
1980: La Raison des fous, Grasset,
1980: Les Héroïques, Éditions Gallimard, — Prix Goncourt de la nouvelle and prix Cazes
1981: Les Carnassiers, Grasset,
1983: Le Train du soir, Grasset, — Prix des libraires
1985: Rue des Victoires, Grasset,
1988: Fin de soirée, Grasset,
1992: Les Dieux provisoires, JC Lattès,
1994: Du vent sous la peau, JC Lattès,
1995: Peinture fraîche, JC Lattès,
1997: La Fine Équipe, JC Lattè,
1999: Quelqu'un de bien, Plon,
External links
Guy Lagorce on Babelio
Guy Lagorce on Radioscopie (22 June 1978)
Guy Lagorce on Who's Who?
Guy Lagorce on Bibliopoche
Articles by Guy Lagorce on L'Express
French sports journalists
20th-century French writers
French male sprinters
Prix Goncourt de la nouvelle recipients
Prix des libraires winners
Prix Maison de la Presse winners
1937 births
Sportspeople from Dordogne
Living people
Universiade bronze medalists for France
Universiade medalists in athletics (track and field)
Medalists at the 1959 Summer Universiade
Le Figaro people
The locomotives of the Dundalk, Newry and Greenore Railway were all 0-6-0ST (saddle tanks), with inside cylinders, to the designs of LNWR Chief Mechanical Engineer, John Ramsbottom, the first three locomotives being built by the LNWR Crewe Works, England, in 1873. Later, to work the extension of the line to Newry, two similar locos were built at Crewe in 1876. The sixth and final locomotive was added in 1898. The locomotives were consecutively numbered, in order of building, from 1 to 6 and also carried names (see table). Locomotive No.5 Carlingford was withdrawn in 1928 and scrapped.
During World War II three of the remaining 5 locomotives were loaned to the L.M.S. Northern Counties Committee for shunting duties around York Road, Belfast but were returned due to not being satisfactory to NCC's needs. The line closed on 31 December 1951, and although the stock list showed 5 steam locomotives only one was serviceable, No. 2 Greenore. Also on the final stock list was a petrol railcar. No. 1 'Macrory' lay in store at Adelaide, Belfast for possible preservation but was scrapped. The remaining 4 locomotives 2 'Greenore', 3 'Dundalk', 4 'Newry' and 6 'Holyhead' were scrapped by Hammond Land Foundry in Sutton, Co. Dublin.
Locomotives
Livery was black
Preservation
Consideration was given to the preservation of locomotive No.1 Macrory but, in the end, no locomotives were preserved. It is believed that this is due to an ill-informed belief among those in charge of its fate that the locomotive was of a different track gauge to the rest of Ireland, due to the fact that it was built and owned by a British company, however this was not the case. Only a 6-wheel composite coach was saved and can now be found in the Ulster Folk and Transport Museum, Cultra, Co. Down. However, a GNR(I) 2-4-2t JT class locomotive, No. 93 which worked on the Greenore line has also been preserved and is displayed with the DNGR coach in Cultra. All the locomotive nameplates, are also preserved.
See also
Dundalk, Newry and Greenore Railway
External links
Dundalk, Newry and Greenore Railway
0-6-0ST locomotives
Steam locomotives of Ireland
Railway locomotives introduced in 1873
Scrapped locomotives
The QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup, previously known as the International Masters and AMF Bowling World Cup, is an annual Ten-pin bowling championship sponsored by QubicaAMF Worldwide, and the largest in bowling in terms of number of participating nations. Each nation chooses one male and/or one female bowler to represent them in the tournament, and in the majority of cases, this is done by running a qualifying tournament, the winners of which (male and/or female) are chosen.
History
The Bowling World Cup was created by AMF's European Promotions Director at the time, Victor Kalman, and Gordon Caie, AMF's Promotions Manager in the UK at the time. Dublin, Ireland in 1965 hosted the first-ever Bowling World Cup, then called the International Masters. 20 bowlers, all men, participated. Lauri Ajanto became the first-ever winner of the BWC. Women first competed in 1972, the 8th edition of the AMF Bowling World Cup in Hamburg, West Germany where Irma Urrea became the first-ever woman to win the BWC.
13 countries have participated in every Bowling World Cup since its inception: Australia, Belgium, England (as Great Britain from 1965 to 1995), Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Mexico, Netherlands, Norway, Switzerland and United States.
As of 2019, the Bowling World Cup has visited 42 different cities in 31 different countries.
Currently the men's champion is Francois Louw and the women's champion is Rebecca Whiting. On March 9, 2020, World Bowling and QubicaAMF announced a merger of the World Bowling Singles Championships and the QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup into one annual event, that will continue to be called the QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup from 2020 onwards. The 56th QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup was to be held in Salmiya, Kuwait at the Kuwait Bowling Sporting Club in November 2020, but was postponed to March 2021 and then further postponed to October 2021 due to the Covid-19 pandemic and then canceled all together.
Format
Qualifying Rounds
Stage 1: Qualifying Round of 24 Games, total pinfall. Top 24 Men, Top 24 Women advance to Stage 2, total pinfall carries over.
Stage 2: Top 24 Men, Top 24 women bowls 8 games. Top 8 Men, Top 8 Women based on total pinfall after 32 games advance to Stage 3.
Stage 3: Top 8 Men, Top 8 women bowls another 8 games in a round robin format, 30 bonus pins for a win, 15 bonus pins for a tie. Top 4 Men, Top 4 Women after 40 games (total pinfall + bonus pins) advance to the knockout finals.
Knockout Finals
Semifinals: First seeded bowler vs Fourth seeded bowler; Second seeded bowler vs Third seeded bowler, winners (Men and women) advance to the finals.
Finals: Semifinal winners bowl for the title. (Men and women)
Lane Pattern
For the 2019 BWC, all games are bowled on one pattern, typically a 41 foot pattern unless lane topography at the host site dictates that the pattern be adjusted one foot less or one foot more.
Previous winners
Source:
Number of titles by country/territory
Records
Winners
Paeng Nepomuceno holds two Guinness World Records from their victories in the QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup. Their four victories (1976, 1980, 1992, 1996) came in a record three different decades. They also hold the record for the youngest men's champion, 19, when they won their first of four titles in 1976. Incidentally, Nepomuceno won their titles in Olympic years.
The oldest champions are Remo Fornasari, 51, when they won in 1987; and Irma Urrea, 45, when they won the very first women's title in 1972.
Gemma Burden holds a Guinness World Record as the youngest Bowling World Cup Champion, 17, when they won in 1995.
Two other men besides Nepomuceno has won multiple Bowling World Cup titles, Arne Svein Ström (1977 and 1982) and Michael Schmidt (2005 and 2010).
Six women have each won two times, Pauline Smith (1981 and 1993), Jeanette Baker (1982 and 1983), Shannon Pluhowsky (2002 and 2004), Aumi Guerra (2010 and 2011), Caroline Lagrange (2009 and 2013) and Clara Guerrero (2014 and 2015).
Baker, Guerra, and Guerrero are the only bowlers in QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup history to win consecutive titles.
Only once has a country swept the men's and women's titles in the same year. This occurred in 1986 when Sweden incidentally defeated Philippines in both the men's and women's finals.
A host representative has won the QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup three times. Bob Worrall won in New York City in 1981, Wang Hongbo won in Shanghai in 2016, and Shannon O'Keefe won in Las Vegas in 2018.
Chris Barnes (2014 men's champion) and Lynda Barnes (2005 women's champion) is the only husband-wife duo to win the QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup.
USA is the most successful nation in the QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup, winning a combined 20 titles (11 men's titles, 9 women's titles)
Scoring
Appearances and Participation
Most Appearances, Men - 16, Paeng Nepomuceno
1976, 1979–1980, 1982, 1985–1989, 1991–1996, 2009
Most Appearances, Women - 17, Aida Granillo
1982-1983, 1985, 1988, 1992, 1994-1996, 1998-2000, 2002–2006, 2008
Erik Kok has participated in the Bowling World Cup in five different decades.
1979–1980, 1985, 1989, 1995, 2005, 2014
Most Championship Appearances, Stepladder and Arena, Men - 9, Paeng Nepomuceno
1976, 1980, 1986, 1989, 1991–1993, 1995–1996
Most Championship Appearances, Stepladder and Arena, Women - 7, Shalin Zulkifli
1996–1998, 2000–2001, 2003–2004
Most Countries - 95 in 2004
Most Bowlers, Men and Women Combined - 167 in 2010
Most Bowlers, Men - 93 in 2004
Most Bowlers, Women - 76 in 2010
Awards
The Bent Petersen Country Award is awarded to the country with the best combined finishes in the men's and women's divisions. It is named after Bent Petersen, who ran AMF's international operations for 36 years before retiring in 1998. Originally known as the Country Champion Award, it has been awarded at the BWC since 1984. The first winner of the award was Thailand. Australia is the most recent winners. In 2000, the award was renamed in honor of Petersen. Petersen died on November 21, 2014.
Highest Game Award is awarded in both the men's and women's division to the bowlers who had the highest one game score during the tournament. There have been 76 300s bowled at the QubicaAMF Bowling World Cup (61 by men, 15 by women). Jack Guay bowled the first-ever 300 game in 1994, the 30th year of the AMF Bowling World Cup; while Shalin Zulkifli was the first woman to bowl a 300 in 1997. United States has the most 300s by a country, seven.
The Barry James Sportsman Award and Jacky Felsenstein Sportswoman Award, awarded to one male bowler and one female bowler, is voted for by the participating bowlers. Representatives from Canada and Mexico have each won this award more times than any country, seven times each.
References
External links
Bowlingdigital World Cup Section
European Tenpin Bowling Federation World Cup Page
Ten-pin bowling competitions
Ten-pin bowling in Australia
Ten-pin bowling in Japan
Ten-pin bowling in the Philippines
Tenpin bowling in the United Kingdom
Ten-pin bowling in the United States
Bowling
Lake Murray Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Western Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Upovia
02. Buseki
03. Boimbulavu
04. Nago
05. Maka
06. Magipopo
07. Usukof No. 1
08. Usokof No. 2
09. Kapikam
10. Dimu
11. Pangoa
12. Tagum
13. Miwa No. 1
14. Miwa No. 2
15. Kusikina
16. Kuem
17. Mipan
18. Manda
19. Bosset No. 1
20. Bosset No. 2
21. Wangawanga No. 1
22. Wangawanga No. 2
23. Komovai
24. Kaviananga No. 1
25. Kaviananga No. 2
26. Boikmava
27. Levame
28. Lake Murray Station
See also
Lake Murray (Papua New Guinea)
Lake Murray Airport
References
Local-level governments of Western Province (Papua New Guinea)
Aspartic alpha-decarboxylase may refer to:
Aspartate 1-decarboxylase, an enzyme
Glutamate decarboxylase, an enzyme
J. E. B. Stuart Elementary School can mean:
J. E. B. Stuart Elementary School. Norfolk, Virginia; now closed
It is also the former name of these schools:
Barack Obama Elementary School, Richmond, Virginia
Pleasants Lane Elementary, Petersburg, Virginia
Henri Jean Colson (21 April 1819 – 30 April 1900) was a Belgian engineer, industrialist, professor at the University of Ghent, alderman and burgomaster of Ghent (Belgium) (ad interim)
Sources
Devolder, K., Gij die door ‘t volk gekozen zijt ... De Gentse gemeenteraad en haar leden 1830–1914, in : Verhandelingen der Maatschappij voor Geschiedenis en Oudheidkunde te Gent, 1994, p. 264-265.
Henri Colson (Liberaal Archief)
See also
List of mayors of Ghent
1819 births
1900 deaths
Businesspeople from Ghent
Politicians from Ghent
Engineers from Ghent
Varchas is one of eight Vasus the son of Chandra, the moon god, and Rohini, a daughter of Daksha and the chief consort of Chandra. Arjuna's and Subhadra's son, Abhimanyu, was their incarnation.
Story
Varchas was the son of Chandra. They were told to be born on the earth as a mortal. Their father agreed the proposal only on one condition. The condition was that Varchas would not leave them for more than 16 years. During the Dvapara Yuga, they took an avatar named Abhimanyu. Abhimanyu was the son of Kuru prince, Arjuna, and Yadava princess, Subhadra.
Reference
Bibliography
Hindu gods
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yuji Kaku. It was serialized in Shueisha's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from November 2021 to May 2022.
Plot
is an unusually strong boy and an avid manga fan who dreams to be a "manga hero". Repeating the special training that appears in manga that they have read since early age, Maruo became able to break rocks at the age of seven. One day, they meet , an oni ayashimon—a kind of yōkai able to shapeshift into humans—chased by an ayashimon yakuza gang. After Maruo easily defeats the gang, Urara, impressed by their strength and by the fact that they are a simple human and not an ayashimon, recruits them as the first member of their yakuza group. Maruo, hesitant at first, accepts their offer, realizing that they can experience life as a manga protagonist following the path of a yakuza.
Publication
Written and illustrated by Yuji Kaku, Ayashimon was serialized in Shueisha's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from November 15, 2021, to May 30, 2022. The first collected tankōbon volume was published on March 4, 2022.
The manga was simultaneously published in English by Viz Media and Shueisha's Manga Plus online platform.
Volume list
References
External links
Shōnen manga
Shueisha manga
Supernatural anime and manga
Viz Media manga
Yakuza in anime and manga
Yōkai in anime and manga
Marianne Dickerson (November 14, 1960 – October 14, 2015) was a female long-distance runner from the United States.
Dickerson was born in St. Joseph, Illinois. They were a star runner first at St. Joseph-Ogden High School, then at the University of Illinois after a stint on a track scholarship to the University of Michigan. (She earned a bachelor's in general engineering from the University of Illinois and a master's in industrial engineering from the University of Michigan). Against the advice of their coach, they entered a Missouri race, a portion of the inaugural Avon Marathon series. Winning the race qualified them for the series championship in Los Angeles, where they placed second behind Julie Brown. That race served as the qualifier to the World Championships. They were a surprise to take the silver medal at the 1983 World Championships in Helsinki, Finland. While Grete Waitz was a clear winner, Dickerson was in fourth place behind Rosa Mota and Raisa Smekhnova, that group having already dispatched stars Joyce Smith, Laura Fogli and Christa Vahlensieck. Dickerson passed Mota outside the stadium then surged to dramatically beat Smekhnova (a sub-4 minute 1500m runner) on the track inside the stadium.
Injuries prevented them from competing in the 1984 Olympic Trials. They qualified for the 1988 trials by winning the Baltimore Marathon, but faded in the middle of those trials.
After getting their degree in Engineering, they went to the Harvard Business School. In 2015, they returned to their alma-mater high school as an assistant coach before their death.
Achievements
All results regarding marathon, unless stated otherwise
References
1960 births
2015 deaths
American female long-distance runners
People from Champaign County, Illinois
Grainger College of Engineering alumni
World Athletics Championships medalists
University of Michigan College of Engineering alumni
Harvard Business School alumni
21st-century American women
In music, a tape phase is a recorded composition using a tape loop or its electronic simulation to produce and vary sounds. It is a form of tape music.
Tape phase compositions generally make little use of tonality owing to the difficulty of producing and maintaining a coherent pitch. They may have a strong pulse and rhythm, as in the work of Steve Reich, or may be free form in this regard, as in the work of Jimi Hendrix.
Techniques
Flanging.
Exponents
Terry Riley.
Steve Reich.
Karlheinz Stockhausen.
Jimi Hendrix.
The Beatles.
Pieces
It's Gonna Rain (Reich, 1965).
Come Out (Reich) (Reich, 1966).
...And the Gods Made Love (Hendrix, 1968).
Moon, Turn the Tides...Gently Gently Away (Hendrix, 1968).
Revolution 9 (The Beatles, 1969).
See also
Sound collage.
Noise music.
Experimental music.
Process music.
Noise in music.
Electronic music
An industrial accident occurred at a Con Edison substation Astoria, Queens, New York City, on December 27, 2018. During the incident, a 138,000 volt coupling capacitor potential devices failed which resulted in an arc flash which in turn burned aluminum, lighting up the sky with blue-green spectacle visible for miles around and as far as New Jersey. The event was covered extensively on social media and LaGuardia Airport temporarily lost power, but there were neither deaths nor injuries. Such was the magnitude of the bizarre illumination that extraterrestrial visitation was a common supposition.
See also
References
Astoria, Queens
Energy accidents and incidents in the United States
Antoine Ouilmette (c. 1760–1841) was a fur trader and early resident of what is now Chicago, Illinois. They were of French Canadian and possibly Native American ancestry. The village of Wilmette, Illinois (phonetic spelling of Ouilmette) is named in their honor.
Early and family life
Little is known about Ouilmette's background and early life. In 1908, amateur historian Frank Grover wrote that previous claims that Ouilmette was an "Indian chief" were false, and that they were instead a white voyageur of French Canadian ancestry. However, "Ouilamette" was a name associated with the Potawatomi tribe decades before Antoine Ouilmette's birth, and so in 1977 anthropologist James A. Clifton speculated that Antoine Ouilmette was "probably a Métis descendant" of Ouilamette, a Native American who was prominent in the Lake Michigan region beginning in the 1680s. Grover wrote that Ouilmette was born in Lahndrayh, near Montréal, in 1760. Another source says that they were baptized as "Antoine Louis Ouimet", on December 26, 1758, in the parish of Sainte-Rose northwest of Montréal, in what is now the city of Laval, Québec. They were the second son of Louis Ouimet dit Albert and Louise Desjardins dit Charbonnier. It is not known why and when Antoine's family name changed to Ouilmette; also referred to as Ouilmet, Houillamette, Willamette, Wilmette, Wilmot, Wemet.
In 1796 or 1797 they married Archange Marie Chevalier, a French-Potawatomi woman, at Gross Pointe, a site along the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan. Them father, Naunongee, was a Potowatomi chief of the Three Fires Confederacy. Them sisters likewise married traders—Sheshi Chevalier married Louis Buisson who traded and farmed near what became Peoria, Illinois, Josette Chevalier married Jean Baptiste Beaubien and Catherine Chevalier married Alexander Robinson who learned the fur trade from Joseph Bailly at St. Joseph, Michigan, alongside Beaubien and would later settle on the south branch of the Chicago River.
Antoine and Archange had eight children, four boys and four girls: Joseph, Louis, François, Michael (aka Michell), Elizabeth, Archange, Josette, and Sophia, as well as an adopted daughter, Archange Trombola.
Career
Ouilmette moved to Chicago in July 1790 where they built a log cabin on the north side of the main branch of the Chicago River, just to the west of the property of Jean Baptiste Point du Sable and across the river from the future site of Fort Dearborn. After John Kinzie settled in Chicago in 1804, Ouilmette became Kinzie's employee, and later established their own trading post at Gross Pointe. They later worked for the American Fur Company.
Because Archange was Potawatomi, Ouilmette's family did not flee their home during the Battle of Fort Dearborn in 1812, although their father died in the battle. After the battle, the Ouilmettes hid Margaret Helm, the wife of a lieutenant (and daughter of former Indian Agent William Wells, and Sergeant William Griffith at their house, protecting them from the Potowatomi that attacked Fort Dearborn.
Ouilmette and their Métis family were friendly with most of the local native American population, so they remained in Chicago in the four years that followed the Battle of Fort Dearborn. During this time, Antoine was the area's only white resident .
In addition to fur trading Ouilmette also worked as a farmer (supplying Fort Dearborn with livestock and cordwood). However, their income predominantly came from their work as a guide transporting people and goods across the Chicago Portage.
Ouilmette was a "progressive, energetic man of good business ability for those times, they accumulated considerable property. They had a store in Chicago, and also a fine lot of horses, cattle, sheep and hogs. They also had a farm at Racine, Wisconsin, which they frequently visited while living in Chicago. They also made occasional business trips to Milwaukee and Canada."
Ouilmette was "known as a kind, whole souled, generous man of remarkable energy and perseverance, who made friends with everybody, both Indians and whites, and they in turn was universally liked and respected."
In 1829 Antoine Ouilmette was instrumental in persuading local Native Americans to sign the second Treaty of Prairie du Chien. On July 29, 1829, as a condition of that treaty with the U.S., the government awarded of land in present-day Wilmette and Evanston to Ouilmette's wife Archange, fulfilling a condition of a treaty with the Ojibwe, Odawa and Pottawatomie tribes. Elijah M. Haines claimed that the land was given to Ouilmette's wife and children as a reward for Ouilmette's influence in securing the execution of the treaty.
Shortly after this Ouilmette and their family moved to a cabin on this reservation. Ouilmette was also involved with the 1833 Treaty of Chicago negotiations. This treaty not only provided provisions for Chief Robinson and Billy Caldwell, Ouilmette's children, and others but it secured $800 for Ouilmette. Like Alexander Robinson, Billy Caldwell, and several of the Beaubiens, Ouilmette was Roman Catholic. In April 1833, they and they (and others), petitioned the Bishop of the diocese of Missouri, located in St. Louis, asking for permission to establish the first Catholic church in Chicago. Received on 16 April, the petition was granted the next day.
In the late 1830s Ouilmette accused Joseph Fountain of Evanston and others of trespassing and illegally harvesting timber from the Ouilmette family's reservation. Ouilmette lost the suit and paid a large bill in court costs. Fountain's lawyer sent the sheriff to confiscate and sell two "fine Indian ponies" belonging to Ouilmette, "which were their special pride." Shortly after this, the Ouilmette family decided to leave. In 1838, the Ouilmette family moved to Council Bluffs, where many Potawatomi had previously relocated. They died at Council Bluffs, Iowa, on 1 December 1841.
References
1760 births
1841 deaths
Métis fur traders
People from Chicago
People from Montreal
People from Wilmette, Illinois
The 218th Division was created in November 1949 under the Regulation of the Redesignations of All Organizations and Units of the Army, issued by Central Military Commission on November 1, 1948, basing on the 3rd and 7th Division, 3rd Corps, 1st Army Group of the People's Liberation Army of the Nationalist Party of China. Its history can be traced to the 1st and 3rd Security Division, 1st Army Group of Republic of China Army defected in August 1948.
The division is part of 53rd Corps. Under the flag of 218th division it took part in the Chinese Civil War. The division was disbanded in October 1950.
References
Infantry divisions of the People's Liberation Army
Military units and formations established in 1949
Military units and formations disestablished in 1950
William Limburg Houck (May 10, 1893 – May 5, 1960) was a Canadian politician.
Born in Buffalo, New York, Houck was a coal dealer, fuel dealer, and merchant before being elected as the Liberal Party of Ontario candidate to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario in 1934, 1937, 1948, and 1951. Houck was Minister without Portfolio in the provincial cabinet from 1937 to 1943. They also served as mayor of Niagara Falls, Ontario from 1947 to 1950.
Houck was the Liberal candidate elected to the House of Commons of Canada from the riding of Niagara Falls in 1953, 1957, and 1958 elections. They served until their death in 1960.
References
1893 births
1960 deaths
American emigrants to Canada
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
Members of the Executive Council of Ontario
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Politicians from Buffalo, New York
Mayors of Niagara Falls, Ontario
Calshot Lifeboat Station is located on Calshot Spit near the village of Calshot, Hampshire, and is on the southern bank of the open end of Southampton Water, on the south coast of England. The station is owned and operated by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution (RNLI) and currently operates two inshore lifeboats. They are an called and a called .
History
Until its closure in 1961, Calshot Spit had been the site of Royal Air Force station RAF Calshot, which was the primary seaplane/flying boat development and training unit in the United Kingdom. After the departure of the RAF, Hampshire County Council opened an educational activity centre on the site, which was The centre was constantly being asked by HM Coastguard to use its boats to go out and rescue people in trouble off shore. The administrators of the centre decided that they would contact the RNLI with a view to there being a more formalised rescue service for this busy stretch of water. The RNLI spent a year evaluating this proposition and as a result opened a lifeboat station on the site in 1970.
1960–1985: early lifeboats
The first lifeboat to be stationed at Calshot was a Keith Nelson-type lifeboat made of fibreglass or glass-reinforced plastic. They were called and had the operation number of 40-001. Although lacking in self-righting capability, they were viewed as a successful experiment in the use of fibreglass for lifeboats. They cost £24,559 ().
In the evening of 10 January 1976, during gale force 8 to 9 winds and a choppy sea the lifeboat Ernest Williams was called to help a small motorboat which had been driven ashore on salt marsh in the Ashlett Creek channel. As the water was too shallow for the lifeboat, the crew of the Ernest Williams waded through the marshes, dragging the lifeboat's inflatable boarding boat while they looked for the vessel. Eventually the vessel's three crewmen were located and rescued. The Calshot crew were awarded RNLI bronze medals for the difficult rescue.
The second lifeboat at the station was the lifeboat , which was moored just off Calshot Castle. The crew used a davit-launched boarding boat when called out on service. Safeway, which was funded by and named for the Safeway supermarket chain, was built by Lochin Marine at Newhaven, East Sussex in 1985. Like the Ernest William they had a fibreglass hull but was self-righting due to their watertight cabin.
1996–2007: new facilities and lifeboats
In 1996, the RNLI funded the construction of new shore facilities for Calshot Station, constructed on concrete stanchions to prevent flooding. Hampshire County Council provided a new boarding jetty for use jointly by the lifeboat station and the Calsholt Activity Centre.
The Safeway was withdrawn from service in December 2001 and replaced by the former Poole-based Brede Inner Wheel, which was itself replaced after only a few months by the lifeboat . Margaret Russell Fraser had come across the Solent from Yarmouth Lifeboat Station on the Isle of Wight, where they had been a part of RNLI's relief fleet. They arrived in 2002 and was replaced in 2004 by another Arun-class, the .
In 2003 the station was given its first inshore lifeboat from the relief fleet. They were called . 2003 also saw improvements made to the station facilities. At the cost of £266,424 an extension was added to the side of the station.
Arun-class lifeboats were withdrawn from service in 2007. The Mabel Williams was replaced by the , which was moved to the relief fleet in January 2010 and replaced by the Tyne-class .
2012–present: reorganisation
In 2012, the Calshot board of trustees decided that Calshot would cease to be an all-weather station; consequently the Tyne-class lifeboat was withdrawn on 4 April. In its place an inshore lifeboat was sent to the station, necessitating improved facilities had been made at the station to accommodate the new lifeboat and its required launch tractor, a new lifeboat arrived and the Alexander Coutanche was withdrawn. On 11 July the new Atlantic 85-class Max Walls was placed on the station along with a new New Holland Launch tractor and the Calsholt was officially re-designated as an inshore lifeboat station.
References
Lifeboat stations in Hampshire
Constitutional Assembly elections were held in Bulgaria in June 1881. The body known as the Grand National Assembly (Bulgaria: Велико Народно събрание - Veliko Narodno Subranie) was convened for a second time in Svishtov in order to consider the amendments to the constitution proposed by prince Alexander I of Battenberg. The proposed amendments were an echo from the Conservative's requests during the first constitutional assembly elections back in 1879. The amendments proposed included restricting civil liberties, reducing the size of the National Assembly, making the franchise indirect and introducing a state council. These amendments would, in effect, suspend the constitution and turn Bulgaria into an authoritarian dictatorship.
Campaign
At first the Liberal Party was not perturbed by the proposed amendments as they believed the Bulgarian people were opposed to them and stood behind the Liberal Party. Believing this would be reflected in the election results, the Liberal Party was confident it would dominate the new assembly. This confidence evaporated when Russia decided to back the prince during the election. Russian soldiers were available at the polls to "help illiterates" and to "preserve order", though they placed little restraint on pro-Battenburgist thugs who congregated around polling stations.
Results
Having "practiced all the latest modes of bulldozing known to the enlightened citizens", the pro-Battenberg conservatives were able to secure the majority they wanted. Only two electoral districts returned liberal deputies and not all of them reached the assembly.
Aftermath
On July 1 the GNA convened in Svishtov. The overwhelming conservative majority supported the constitutional amendments, taking less than two hours to pass all of them. The Prince Alexander had in effect carried out a coup d'état. Following the coup, many infuriated liberals left Bulgaria. Battenberg's regime was weak from the get-go, however, as the real power was being absorbed by the two Russian generals dispatched from Saint-Petersburg, Leonid Sobolev and Alexander Kaulbars. The regime eventually collapsed and the constitution was restored on 6 September 1883.
References
Bulgaria
1881 in Bulgaria
Elections in Bulgaria
June 1881 events
The Journal of Coatings Technology and Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal. It is co-owned by the American Coatings Association and the Oil and Colour Chemists' Association and published on their behalf by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief of the journal is Mark Nichols (Ford Motor Company).
Scope
Areas of research covered in the Journal of Coatings Technology and Research include the manufacture of functional, protective and decorative coatings including paints, inks and related coatings and their raw materials. The journal publishes research papers describing chemistry, physics, materials science, and engineering studies relevant to surface coatings; Applications papers on experimental solutions for technological problems in the design, formulation, manufacture, application, use and performance of surface coatings; review articles offering broad, critical overviews of advances in coatings science; and brief communications, presenting notes and letters on research topics of limited scope or immediate impact.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
External links
English-language journals
Materials science journals
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 2004
Paint and coatings industry
Barbadian Brazilians () or Bajans, refers to Brazilian people of full, partial or predominantly Barbadian ancestry, or Barbadian-born people residing in Brazil.
At the beginning of the 20th century, many Barbadians worked in the Amazonas region, Pará and Rondônia. There had been a mass exodus from the Caribbean in order to take part in the rubber boom, and the poor socio-economic conditions in Barbados at the time made Brazil an enticing place to search for a better life. In 1911 Roger Casement who was a British consular official at the time undertook a special investigation of the condition of Barbadian workers in the Putomayo Valley then part of Peru traveling to that region by going up the Amazon. The Barbadian presence is still evidenced in the existence of surnames such as Alleyne, Mottley, Maloney, Depeiza, Blackman and Layne.
See also
Caribbean Brazilian
Barbados–Brazil relations
References
Caribbean Brazilian
Barbados–Brazil relations
Caribbean diaspora by country
Justus Buchler (March 27, 1914 – March 19, 1991) was an American philosopher, author and professor. They made contributions to the subjects of naturalism and metaphysics, introducing the concept of the natural complex.
Biography
Buchler was born in New York City, the eldest of three children of rabbi Samuel Buchler and Ida Frost Buchler. Buchler's sister, Beatrice Buchler Gotthold, was the founding editor of Working Woman magazine, and the first female vice president of the New York Times Company.
Buchler earned their Ph.D. in 1938 from Columbia University; their dissertation was published in 1939 as Charles Peirce's Empiricism. In 1942, Buchler became a full-time instructor at Columbia, where they and mentor John Herman Randall Jr. co-authored the textbook Philosophy: An Introduction. In 1950, Buchler became an associate professor at Columbia; in 1956 they were promoted to full professor.
In 1971, Buchler became Distinguished Professor of Philosophy at the State University of New York at Stony Brook, where they founded a graduate program in philosophical perspectives. In 1972, Buchler was among the founders of the Society for the Advancement of American Philosophy. In 1973, they were awarded the Butler Silver Medal by Columbia University.
Philosophical work
Buchler's keystone work, Metaphysics of Natural Complexes, builds upon two major principles: ontological parity, which asserts the equal reality of whatever is, and ordinal metaphysics, which asserts the indefinite complexity of whatever is.
Contrasted most clearly with pre-Socratic philosophers, Buchler believed there was no most simple, fundamental substance or element that comprised the universe. Rather, everything is a complex—specifically a natural complex.
All complexes are located within orders, which Buchler defines as 'a sphere of relatedness'. "Every complex—whether entity, process, relation, or possibility—is what it is in virtue of its locatedness in orders, or 'ordinal locations'. Every complex shares traits or locations with other complexes. Moreover, every complex is itself an order and, hence, is uniquely determinate, that is, different from every other complex."
Buchler's earlier books develop their 'metaphysics of human process'. In Toward a General Theory of Human Judgment, Buchler exchanges experience with a broader concept that they call proception. "According to Buchler, judgment appraises and discriminates some feature or features of the world... and moves toward 'justification' or validation... As a proceiver, one assimilates features of the world in which one is located and seeks to communicate both to oneself and to others aspects of oneself and of the world that is being proceived."
Critical reception
In 1959, a double issue of The Journal of Philosophy was devoted to Buchler's work. Since original publication, however, Buchler's work has been considered to be outside the dominant analytic trends in philosophy. In Creativity in American Philosophy (1984), Charles Hartshorne comments on Buchler's central concept of natural complexes: "I think almost the entire history of philosophy is against such an idea. Only considerable courage could have made it seem worth while to challenge this tradition."
In their 2002 book Socrates Cafe, Christopher Phillips wrote that "Buchler's novel approach to metaphysics seems to herald what Lee Smolin calls 'the lightness of the new search for knowledge'. This search, they say, is based on an underlying philosophy that 'the universe is a network of relations'."
Political activism
Buchler was an active opponent of McCarthyism, co−authoring the paper "Academic Due Process: A Statement of Desirable Procedures Applicable within Educational Institutions in Cases Involving Academic Freedom" in 1954. In 1961, they co−authored Academic Freedom and Civil Liberties of Students in Colleges and Universities and Teacher Disclosure of Information about Students to Prospective Employers; the latter was adopted as a policy statement of the ACLU. From 1958 to 1965, Buchler was Vice Chairman for the National Academic Freedom Committee of the ACLU.
Works
Primary books
Charles Peirce's Empiricism (1939)
Toward a General Theory of Human Judgment (1951)
Nature and Judgment (1955)
The Concept of Method (1961)
Metaphysics of Natural Complexes (1966)
The Main of Light: On the Concept of Poetry (1974)
Other books
Editor: The Philosophy of Peirce: Selected Writings (1940)
With John H. Randall Jr.: Philosophy: An Introduction (1942)
Selected articles
"Russell and the Principle of Ethics", in The Philosophy of Bertrand Russell (1944)
"The Liberal Arts and General Education" (1952)
"What Is the Pragmaticist Theory of Meaning?", in Studies in the Philosophy of Charles Sanders Peirce, pp. 21−32 (1952)
"On the Problem of Liberal Education" (1954)
"What Is a Discussion?" (1954)
"Reconstruction in the Liberal Arts" (1954)
"Ontological Parity", in Naturalism and Historical Understanding: Essays on the Philosophy of John Herman Randall, Jr. (1967)
"On the Concept of 'The World"', Review of Metaphysics 31, pp. 555–79 (1978)
"Probing the Idea of Nature", Process Studies 8, pp. 157–68 (1979)
See also
List of American philosophers
References
1914 births
1991 deaths
20th-century American philosophers
20th-century American Jews
Jewish philosophers
Stony Brook University faculty
Columbia Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Peppino Vallone (born 9 January 1949 in Petilia Policastro) is an Italian politician.
They were elected Mayor of Crotone leading a centre-left coalition at the 2006 Italian local elections, and took office on 13 June 2006. They ran for a second term at the 2011 local elections and was re-confirmed on 1 June 2011.
Vallone also served as President of the Province of Crotone from October 2014 to January 2017.
See also
2006 Italian local elections
2011 Italian local elections
List of mayors of Crotone
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Mayors of Crotone
Presidents of the Province of Crotone
Democratic Party (Italy) politicians
Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy politicians
Anthonij "Anton" Rudolf Mauve (18 September 18385 February 1888) was a Dutch realist painter who was a leading member of the Hague School. They signed their paintings 'A. Mauve' or with a monogrammed 'A.M.'. A master colorist, they were a very significant early influence on their cousin-in-law Vincent van Gogh.
Their best-known paintings depict peasants working in the fields. Their paintings of flocks of sheep were especially popular with American patrons, so popular that a price differential developed between scenes of "sheep coming" and "sheep going".
Life and work
Anton Mauve was born on 18 September 1838 in Zaandam, a town in the Dutch province of North Holland. A year after their birth, their father Willem Carel Mauve, a Mennonite chaplain, was sent to Haarlem, the capital city of the province where Mauve grew up.
They were apprenticed to the painter Pieter Frederik van Os followed by Wouter Verschuur. In their further development they worked with Paul Gabriël, painting from nature, and they regularly stayed and worked together at Oosterbeek, the 'Dutch Barbizon'. They were a friend of Jozef Israëls and Willem Maris and, encouraged by their example, they abandoned their early highly finished manner for a freer, looser method of painting, and the brilliant palette of their youthful work for a tender lyric harmony which is generally restricted to delicate greys, greens, and light blue.
Most of Mauve's work depicts people and animals in outdoor settings. In their Morning Ride in the Rijksmuseum, for example, fashionable equestrians at the seacoast are seen riding away from the viewer. An unconventional detail, horse droppings in the foreground, attests their commitment to realism.
In 1872, Mauve settled in The Hague where they became a leading member of the Hague School of painters and one of the founders of the Hollandsche Teekenmaatschappij in 1876, as well as playing a leading role in the development of the Pulchri Studio, The Hague's most influential art society at the time.
In the last two years of their life, Mauve settled in the village of Laren in the region surrounding Hilversum called the Gooi area. The group of painters who settled there, including Jozef Israëls and Albert Neuhuys, came to be known collectively as the Larense School and the region around the Gooi was dubbed 'Mauve land' as far afield as the United States. Mauve will have influenced many other painters one of whom was the Scottish painter, Robert McGregor (1847–1922).
Mauve died suddenly in Arnhem on 5 February 1888.
Relationship with Vincent van Gogh
Mauve was married to van Gogh's cousin Ariëtte (Jet) Sophia Jeannette Carbentus, and they were a major influence on van Gogh, who revered him.  They are mentioned, directly or indirectly, in 152 of van Gogh's surviving letters.
Van Gogh spent three weeks at Mauve's studio at the end of 1881 and during that time they made their first experiments in painting under Mauve's tutelage, first in oils and then early the next year in watercolour (previously they had concentrated on drawing). Mauve continued to encourage them and lent them money to rent and furnish a studio, but later grew cold towards them and did not return a number of letters.
In a letter to their brother Theo van Gogh dated 7 May 1882, van Gogh describes "a very regrettable conversation" in which Mauve told them their association was "over and done with" adding by way of explanation that van Gogh had a vicious character. Van Gogh continued their letter by expressing their sorrow, and then launches defiantly into a passionate defence of their relationship with Clasina "Sien" Maria Hornik (Sien), a pregnant prostitute they had befriended.
The presumption must be that Mauve had heard of the relationship (although van Gogh's letter does not say so expressly) and broke off the association because of it. However, their relationship had already become strained by late January. Nevertheless, van Gogh continued to hold Mauve in very high esteem and dedicated one of their most iconic paintings to Mauve's memory after hearing of their sudden death.
Mauve's mother Elisabeth Margaretha Hirschig was a first cousin twice removed of Anton Hirschig, the young Dutch artist who was a fellow lodger with van Gogh at the Auberge Ravoux at the time of van Gogh's death.
Selected works
Entering the Fold (c. 1885–8), drawing and watercolour, Tate Gallery
Milking Time (c. 1875), oil on canvas, National Gallery
Landscape with cattle, chalk on paper, Courtauld Institute of Art
Landscape with Cattle, oil on canvas, Museum of Fine Arts, Houston
Shepherdess, oil on canvas, National Museum of Wales
Morning Ride along the Beach (1876), oil on canvas, Rijksmuseum Amsterdam
Riders in the Snow in the Haagse Bos (1879), watercolour and gouache, Rijksmuseum Amsterdam
De Torenlaan te Laren (1886), oil on canvas, Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam
Ariëtte Carbentus, wife of the artist, sitting in the dunes (c. 1876), oil on canvas, Rijksbureau voor Kunsthistorische Documentatie, The Hague (private collection)
Gathering Seaweed, oil on canvas, Musée d'Orsay, Paris
Changing Pasture (c. 1880s), oil on canvas, Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
The Return of the Flock, Laren (c. 1886 -1887), oil on canvas, Philadelphia Museum of Art, Philadelphia
Digging up a Tree, watercolor, Museum of Fine Arts, Boston
Returning Home, oil on wood, Art Gallery of New South Wales
A Shepherdess and Them Flock, oil on canvas, Metropolitan Museum of Art
Bibliography
Dorn, Roland, Schröder, Klaus Albrecht & Sillevis, John, ed.: Van Gogh und die Haager Schule (exh. cat. Kunstforum, Vienna 1996), Skira, Milan 1996
Engel, E. P. "Anton Mauve". Academische Uitgeverij Haentjens Dekker & Gumbert, 1967 (University of Michigan)
Naifeh, Steven; Smith, Gregory White. Van Gogh: The Life. Profile Books, 2011.
Tralbaut, Marc Edo. Vincent van Gogh, le mal aimé. Edita, Lausanne (French) & Macmillan, London 1969 (English); reissued by Macmillan, 1974 and by Alpine Fine Art Collections, 1981. .
See also
The Letters of Vincent van Gogh
References
External links
biographical facts of Anton Mauve, at the Dutch R.K.D. Archive, The Hague
De Valk Lexicon, kunstenaars Laren-Blaricum Larense School
Singer Laren en Teylers Museum duo-tentoonstelling Anton Mauve retrospective
The Hague School and young Van Gogh at the Gemeentemuseum, The Hague
Anton Mauve exhibition catalog
many free images of Mauve's paintings in the Rijksmuseum, Amsterdam
1838 births
1888 deaths
People from Zaanstad
Hague School
19th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Realist painters
Van Gogh family
Mennonite artists
Witchhill House is an historic villa in Kinnoull, Perth and Kinross, Scotland. Located on Kinnoull Terrace, it is a Category B listed building, built around 1860. Designed by David Smart, it is one of five listed properties on the street, denoted by Historic Environment Scotland as items of special interest. Several of the properties appear on maps of Perth from the 1860s.
Along with the two other listed villas on its (the western) side of the street, it has a gate in the communal boundary wall that runs along a stretch of the Dundee Road to the west; however, the one for Langlands has been filled in.
References
19th-century establishments in Scotland
Listed buildings in Kinnoull, Perth and Kinross
Category B listed buildings in Perth and Kinross
Colonel (Dr.) Divakaran Padma Kumar (DPK) Pillay, SC (born 12 August 1967) is a former Indian Army officer. They were severely wounded in counter insurgency operations in Longdi Pabram village, a hamlet in the remote Tamenglong district of Manipur in India's northeast, where they saved the lives of 2 children - a boy named Dingamang Pamei and a girl named Masebiliu Pamei, despite their injuries. They shot into prominence recently when they undertook the journey back to the village where they were wounded in the firefight and subsequently for delivering development and humanitarian activities to the village in the remote district of Tamenglong.
Early life and education
Pillay was born on 12 August 1967 in Kannur, Kerala, India, to Major and Mrs A.V. Divakaran Pillay. They were educated at Bangalore Military School in Bangalore, Karnataka. They went on to join the 72nd course of National Defence Academy in 1984, which they graduated in 1988 with a bachelor's degree in Arts. Pillay also holds a master's degree from Sikkim Manipal University.
Pillay was awarded a Ph.D. by Panjab University, Chandigarh for their doctoral thesis on "Evaluation of Models of Human Security with Special Reference to India". Their thesis examines the concept of human security as propounded by various agencies like the UN, multilateral agencies and NGO's as well as countries such as Japan, Canada, and other countries. Their article titled "Applying Human Security in Indian Context" has been published by Routledge in its publication Strategic Analysis Issue no 40 Volume 1.  They are married. They have three sons - Vikramaditya Pillay, Siddhartha Pillay, Harshavardhan Pillay.
Military career
After graduating from the National Defence Academy in 1988, Pillay was commissioned into the 4th battalion of the Brigade of the Guards (4 Guards). They saw active service in the Indian states of Punjab and Jammu and Kashmir before moving to the 8th battalion of the Brigade of the Guards (8 Guards) deployed in India's northeast, where they were involved in an encounter in which they nearly lost their lives with multiple gunshots directed on their chest and arm and a grenade blast that exploded on their right foot and blew up a portion of the leg.
In a fateful patrol Pillay led in 1994, they were tasked to protect a few tribal villages during a phase of disturbance that involved ethnic clashes between Nagas and Kukis in Manipur's Tamenglong district. They managed to track down insurgents from the National Socialist Council of Nagaland (NSCN) hiding in Tamenglong and successfully ambushed them in Longdi Pabram village. However, after the surrender of the militants, Pillay, who was near fatally wounded, realised that there were two young children who were injured in the cross fire. When the helicopter arrived to evacuate him, they refused to be moved and insisted that the young children be taken to safety first.
This noble act won over not only the villagers but also the insurgents in the area. Though the villagers presumed that Pillay had died in the encounter, a patrol team sent to the village in March 2010 connected the villagers to Pillay who was immediately invited and felicitated in a major way by the village. The soldier's humanitarian service has also earned them a moniker of "Pillay Pamei" among the local population. "Pamei" is a surname and clan of the influential Zeliangrong community residing in the village. Pillay has thereafter returned several times to the village and has organised several activities for development of the region, earning them the sobriquet of "Hero of Manipur" and "Savior of Longdi Pabram".
Philosophy
When asked why they chose their course of action over their own evacuation as they themselves was dying, Pillay said that the "First thing that came to my mind as a trained soldier was the safety of the children and all others. I was trained to sacrifice my own life and comfort for my people and my country who always come first. I always knew I was not amongst enemies but my own brothers and sisters. I could not choose the suffering and sorrow of the people I was sent to protect to that of mine. I could not allow the children to suffer. I had two options - one was to perpetuate the violence and the other to end it with me and say that all that is evil ends with me. I have always been inspired by Mahatma Gandhi who said "Be the change you want to see in the world". I am glad I chose the latter - the harder right instead of the easier wrong!"
Pillay's philosophy of countering insurgency is simple: "Peace is not just an absence of violence but a consistent delivery of opportunities to survive and to improve and develop not just as an individual, but also as a community and a region. Despite the lack of glamour, peace is a better choice - the right choice. We must choose peace over violence."
Post-military career
Pillay was also a research fellow at Institute of Defence Studies and Analyses (IDSA), New Delhi and at the Centre for Policy Research, New Delhi.  They are also an alumnus of Geneva Centre for Security Policy where they have attended the NISC course in 2007. They also hold a graduate degree from Fordham University, New York City, having completed the module of the International Diploma in Humanitarian Assistance course serial no 42.  They are also on the roster of United Nations Civil Military Coordinators having qualified on the UN CM Coordination course in 2014.
Honours and awards
Pillay was selected to serve in their alma mater, Bangalore Military School, after they were decorated with the Shaurya Chakra, India's third highest peacetime gallantry award. The then Chief of Army Staff who presided over the School Golden Jubilee celebrations, General Shankar Roychowdhury, handpicked them to serve in Bangalore Military School for motivation of the young cadets to join the Indian Armed Forces. With this, Pillay earned the singular distinction of being the only "Georgian" to serve as the "Administrative Officer" (AO) at the prestigious institute. The school under their leadership went on to achieve exemplary results in all fields ranging from academics to sports to other extra-curricular activities. In 2006, they joined the Ministry of Defence as the Planning Officer (Defence) - the first service officer to do so. While on this assignment they represented the Ministry of Defence at the Conference on Disarmament at the UN office at Geneva, for the review conference on the use of Certain Conventional Weapons in 2007 and 2008. They were also part of the Indian delegation led by They Pranab Mukherjee to the United Nations General Assembly in 2006.
Pillay was honoured by CNN IBN in the very inaugural edition of their program called India Positive. Col. Pillay was one of the only three awardees to be felicitated with the Special Achievement Award for their acts of courage and optimism and bringing about a bigger change in the country.
See also
Bangalore Military School
Longdi Pabram
Saurabh Singh Shekhawat
Citations
External links
Lt. Col. DPK Pillay- An Extraordinary Tale of Courage, Bravery & Patriotism
1967 births
Living people
People from Kannur
Indian Army officers
Recipients of the Shaurya Chakra
The tit hylia (Pholidornis rushiae) is a species of bird, monotypic within the genus Pholidornis. It is found in rainforests in West and Central Africa. It had been placed in the family Cettiidae, but in 2019 its assignment to a new family, the Hyliidae, was strongly supported.
Taxonomy
The tit hylia was described by John Cassin in 1855 as Diceum Rushiæ based on a specimen collected from present-day Gabon. It was placed in the genus Pholidornis by Gustav Hartlaub two years later. Its generic name is derived from the Ancient Greek pholidos for scale and ornis for bird.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Angola, Benin, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone, Togo, and Uganda. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
Description
At long, it is perhaps the smallest bird native to Africa. This species has a pale buff chest and head overlaid with heavy brown streaking. From the lower breast down to the rump, this bird is bright yellow. The legs are a bright orange color. Juveniles are less colorful and less heavily streaked. Due to its small size it sometimes gets trapped in spider webs.
Behaviour
Feeding
The tit hylia is a bird of the upper and middle canopy, usually foraging from from the forest floor and rarely coming lower. It is social, feeding in small flocks of up to seven birds (although very rarely with other species). It feeds on insects, with scale insects (family Coccoidea) being an important part of the diet.
Breeding
The tit hylia is a monogamous breeder, and a report from Angola has suggested that it may engage in cooperative breeding as well. The round nest, built by the pair or group, is large, across, and is made of plant fibres. The entrance is a spout hanging from the bottom. The nest is situated up a tree. The nests are well made and strongly bound to the branches they are found on. Two eggs are laid, although there is no information about the incubation, up to four adults have been reported feeding the chicks, and the nest is used for roosting after the breeding season.
References
tit hylia
Birds of the Gulf of Guinea
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of West Africa
tit hylia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Plexaurella is a genus of gorgonian-type octocorals in the family Plexauridae. Species of the genus are typically characterised by their slit-pores, however, there are some which lack this distinguishing feature (e.g. P. grisea). Sclerite examination is necessary for species identification, which reveals the characteristic 4-rayed 'butterfly' spicules of the cortex and the lack of purple sclerites in the axial sheath.
Species
The World Register of Marine Species lists the following species in the genus:
Plexaurella crassa (Ellis, 1756)
Plexaurella curvata Kunze, 1916
Plexaurella dichotoma (Esper, 1791)
Plexaurella furcata (Lamarck, 1816)
Plexaurella grandiflora Verrill, 1912
Plexaurella grisea Kunze, 1916
Plexaurella heteropora (Lamarck, 1816)
Plexaurella kunzei Kükenthal, 1916>
Plexaurella minuta Kunze, 1916
Plexaurella nutans (Duchassaing & Michelotti, 1860)
Plexaurella regia Barreira e Castro, 1986
Plexaurella tenuis Kunze, 1916
Plexaurella teres Kunze, 1916
Plexaurella vermiculata (Lamarck, 1816)
References
Plexauridae
Octocorallia genera
Darryl Hill (born 30 April 1996 in Leeds, Yorkshire) is an English-born former professional Manx snooker player.
Career
In 2014, Hill entered the EBSA European Under-21 Snooker Championships as the number one ranked entrant, but lost in the third round to Ashley Carty. The following year, Hill made it to the final, where they defeated Louis Heathcote 6–3 to win the 2015 EBSA European Under-21 Snooker Championships; as a result, they were given a two-year card on the professional World Snooker Tour for the 2015–16 and 2016–17 seasons.
Hill beat Robert Milkins 6–4 to qualify for the 2015 International Championship. On their debut at the main stage of a ranking event, they were defeated 6–2 by Jimmy Robertson. They played at the UK Championship and Welsh Open for the first time, losing 6–3 to Thepchaiya Un-Nooh in the former and 4–1 to Graeme Dott in the latter. Hill received a bye in the first round of the China Open, due to Mark Selby withdrawing, and won a second-round ranking event match for the first time by beating James Wattana 5–3, before losing by a reversal of this scoreline to Dominic Dale. At the end of the season, Hill was awarded the World Snooker Rookie of the Year award.
Hill lost their first 12 matches of the 2016–17 season, which included a 4–5 loss to Ronnie O'Sullivan having led the match 2-0 and 4–3 in the German Masters, before finally picking up a win in February at the Welsh Open as they beat Dechawat Poomjaeng 4–1. They lost 4–1 to Ali Carter in the next round. Hill was eliminated in the third round of the Shoot-Out by Li Hang and dropped off the tour at the end of the season, after they only won one match in the two Q School events.
On the Isle of Man, Hill was named the 2015 Under 21 Sportsman of the Year at the Isle of Man Sports Awards Ceremony and in 2017, they became the first snooker player to be inducted into the Manx Sporting Hall of Fame.
Personal life
Hill has worked at the Mann Cat Sanctuary since the age of nine to the present day. Hill is also a keen musician and has commercially released their own music.
During Hill's second year on the professional snooker tour they were plagued with health problems and was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis, a form of inflammatory bowel disease. At the end of the season they took some time out from the game to concentrate on their health. They have since returned to compete in World and European amateur events.
In the summer of 2020, they plan to open their own cuesports centre on the Isle of Man, named The Cue Zone IOM.
Performance and rankings timeline
Career finals
Amateur finals: 6 (4 titles)
References
External links
Darryl Hill at worldsnooker.com
Darryl Hill at CueTracker.net: Snooker Results and Statistic Database
Manx snooker players
Living people
1996 births
Snooker players from Leeds
Manx sportsmen
The 2011 A Championship was the fourth and final season of the A Championship in Ireland. The season was sponsored by Newstalk. The league featured 16 teams. Derry City A were the champions, while UCD A finished as runners-up.
Pool 1
Teams
Final table
Results
Pool 2
Teams
Final table
Results
A Championship play-offs
The 2011 season saw the two pool winners plus the two pool runners-up qualify for the title play-off.
Semi-finals
Final
Top goalscorers
See also
2011 League of Ireland Premier Division
2011 League of Ireland First Division
2011 League of Ireland Cup
References
3
A Championship seasons
Ireland
Ireland
fr:Championnat d'Irlande de football 2010#A Championship
Jorge Alberto Sassi (November 17, 1947 – February 9, 2015) was an Argentine actor and humorist.
Biography
Jorge Alberto Sassi was born in the town of Rafaela 100 km west of the city of Santa Fe.
Career
Jorge Sassi started their career in Buenos Aires, Argentina in the late 1960s as an extra in the movie Humo de marihuana from Lucas Demare. In the 1970s they participated in several films playing minor characters in 1979 they made their first television intervention in Novia de vacaciones. In the 1980s they participated in police violence scenes. In the early 1990s they worked with Tato Bores on several programs. They participated in 30 films. They worked on many plays. They also participated in several television series, such as Amo y señor, Verano del '98, Sos mi vida and Dulce amor.
Death
Jorge Sassi died on Monday February 9, 2015 at 5 a.m. at 67 years of age, after being interned since November 2014 in the Sanatorio de la Providencia in Buenos Aires, Argentina due to kidney complications, specifically a chronic renal insufficiency. Their remains rest in the pantheon of the Asociación Argentina de Actores of La Chacarita cemetery, Buenos Aires, Argentina.
References
External links
1947 births
2015 deaths
Deaths from kidney failure
20th-century Argentine male actors
People from Buenos Aires
21st-century Argentine male actors
Argentine male film actors
Argentine male telenovela actors
Midwinter: Certain travellers in old England is a 1923 historical novel by the Scottish author John Buchan. It is set during the Jacobite rising of 1745, when an army of Scottish highlanders seeking to place Charles Stuart onto the English throne advanced into England as far South as Derby. The Prince, otherwise known as "Bonnie Prince Charlie", the grandson of the ousted King James II, required men and money from English Jacobite sympathisers, and the novel imagines why those were not forthcoming from landowners in the Western counties and Wales. It purports to shed light on Samuel Johnson's previously unknown activities during that period.
Plot
The novel opens with a framing narrative telling of the discovery in a solicitor's office of an old manuscript that sheds light on Samuel Johnson's life in 1745–1746, a period that is missing from James Boswell's biography. The story itself is the supposed manuscript, fleshed out by the discoverer for publication.
Alastair Maclean, a Jacobite Scotsman who has been living in France with the exiled Stuarts, comes to England to join the Scottish army as it advances towards London. After rescuing a boy who is being beaten by a gamekeeper, they are by way of thanks themselves helped by a man known as Midwinter, leader of the Spoonbills – a secret group of innkeepers and peasants of 'Old England'.
Maclean visits the home of the Jacobite sympathiser Lord Cornbury, seeking military aid for their cause, but Cornbury is cautious. Cornbury introduces them to the flamboyant Kitty, Duchess of Queensberry, and to their husband Lord Queensbury's agent, Nicholas Kyd, also said to be working covertly for the Stuart cause. Dinner is interrupted by the arrival of an exhausted rider from another estate, a shambling fellow called Samuel Johnson, previously tutor to Miss Claudia Grevel. Claudia has run away with the notorious young squire Sir John Norreys, apparently besotted with their Jacobite views, and Johnson beseeches Cornbury to ride after them Cornbury cannot help, and Johnson rides off in pursuit himself.
Maclean seeks local intelligence in the West, but heads North when they are informed that the Prince has already crossed the border into England and is in desperate need of advice. The next day they are arrested as a Jacobite spy and taken to Squire Thicknesse. Thicknesse is the uncle of Claudia with whom they are lodging while Sir John – now their husband – travels North. Claudia's sympathies are with Maclean and they help them escape. Maclean falls in love.
Betrayed by Claudia's faithless servant, Gypsy Ben, Maclean manages to avoid recapture with the help of the Spoonbills and Kyd's honest servant Edom Lowrie. From letters carried by Edom they discover that Sir John Norreys has connections with Nicholas Kyd and appears suspiciously close to the Prince's inner circle for a young man with no connections. They learn that Norreys is heading to a strategic meeting place at Brightwell in Derbyshire. Uncertain whom to trust, Maclean confides in Midwinter who guides them to Brightwell, where they unexpectedly encounter Kyd. Claudia also travels there to be with their husband, along with Samuel Johnson.
Papers found in Kyd's saddle-bag clearly establish theirs and Norreys's betrayal. The pair, who have been ostensibly encouraging landowners to commit to the Jacobite cause, are actually in English pay. They have been passing on to the English government letters to the Prince promising men and money, hoping to gain part of the estates that will be forfeit to the Crown when the landowners' treason is revealed.
Maclean intends to kill Norreys, but is persuaded by Johnson to spare their life, as knowledge of their husband's treachery would be the death of Claudia. Suppressing their own love for her, Maclean shames Norreys into giving up their mercenary activities and returning to live an honest life worthy of their wife's devotion. With the involvement of Kitty, Duchess of Queensberry, Kyd is also permitted to live, but is exiled to France.
Delayed several weeks by their adventures, Maclean arrives at Derby too late to join the Prince's forces, who are already in full retreat. They sadly follow the Prince into Scotland, lending Johnson some money for their own journey back to London.
The novel concludes with a return to the opening framing narrative. A further search of the solicitor's papers discloses a letter from Johnson to Maclean, sent several years later, which adds some concluding facts. Maclean had joined the Prince for the Culloden campaign, after which they returned to France. Johnson went on to write their dictionary, using their publisher's advance to repay the loan. Sir John and Lady Norreys had a son; Sir John treated their wife well, and their local reputation was much improved.
Maclean and Johnson remain friends for life.
Principal Characters
Alastair Maclean, Jacobite Scotsman and follower of Charles Stuart
Lord Cornbury, Jacobite sympathiser
Kitty, Duchess of Queensberry, a Whig
Nicholas Kyd, Scottish country squire and agent to Queensbury
Edom Lowrie, servant to Kyd
Sir John Norreys, 22-year-old ambitious country squire, working for Kyd
Claudia Grevel, later Lady Norreys, Jacobite sympathiser and wife of Sir John
Samuel Johnson, previously a private tutor to Claudia
Squire Thicknesse, Claudia's uncle
Midwinter, leader of the Spoonbills – a secret group of working men of 'Old England'
James Oglethorpe, English Army general
The Spainneach, recruiter for the Spanish and French armies
Gypsy Ben
Background
Buchan was living in Oxfordshire when they wrote the novel, and the countryside around their home provided part of the novel's setting. Their house, Elsfield Manor, had associations with the real-life Dr Johnson. One literary stimulus had come from Vernon Watley, a neighbour at Cornbury Park, who in 1921 sent them a copy of their own privately-published book Cornbury and the Forest of Wychwood, in which they recounted stories of Lord Cornbury harbouring Jacobite fugitives after Prince Charles's retreat from Derby. Buchan dedicated their book to Watley.
Critical reception
In The Interpreter's House (1975), David Daniell reported that the book was widely admired, by J. B. Priestley among others. Daniell called it "highly successful, being the Huntingtower of Buchan's historical novels", and they praised "the spinnings of the wheel of Chance ... and the cunning plots and counter-plots".
References
Bibliography
External links
1923 British novels
1923 in Scotland
Novels by John Buchan
Novels set in Scotland
Novels set in the 1740s
Jacobite rising of 1745
Hodder & Stoughton books
Fiction set in 1745
Paramesia pygmaeana is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Morocco.
References
Moths described in 1956
Archipini
The rufous-headed parrotbill (Psittiparus bakeri), or greater rufous-headed parrotbill, is a parrotbill in the family Paradoxornithidae and is found in eastern Asia from the eastern Himalayas to Indochina.
Taxonomy and systematics
The rufous-headed parrotbill was alternatively considered as a member of the Old World babblers family, Timaliidae, or in the Sylviidae, but it actually seems to belong to the distinct family Paradoxornithidae. It was formerly considered as conspecific with the white-breasted parrotbill.
Distribution and habitat
The natural habitats of the rufous-headed parrotbill are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Robson, C. (2007). Family Paradoxornithidae (Parrotbills) pp. 292 – 321 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
rufous-headed parrotbill
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of Laos
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Vietnam
rufous-headed parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Onne van der Wal is a Dutch marine photographer and writer.
Onne van der Wal Photography Gallery is named after him.
Early life and career
van der Wal immigrated to South Africa in 1959. They spent their early life in apartheid South Africa.
 They are trained as a machinist.
They started their career with Sail Magazine when they approached them to take photographs. They were on board Flyer II which won the 1981–1982 Whitbread Round the World Race.
In 1987, they moved to Newport, Rhode Island where they currently live with their wife, Tenley, and three children.
Award
Photographic Society of America Award (2013)
Bibliography
References
External links
PBS Documentary: Onne van der Wal
Second Sail
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Machinists
Dutch photographers
Dutch emigrants to South Africa
Oliver Adler (born 14 October 1967) is a retired German football goalkeeper.
References
1967 births
Living people
German footballers
Schwarz-Weiß Essen players
FC Viktoria Köln players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
KSV Hessen Kassel players
2. Bundesliga players
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Duisburg
Vlădești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Coteasca, Drăghescu, Putina and Vlădești.
The commune is located from Pitești and from Câmpulung. The Bratia River passes through Vlădești village.
Natives
Mihail Corbuleanu
Mircea Diaconu
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Hurricane Baker was a Category 2 hurricane that affected the Leeward Islands, Greater Antilles, and the Gulf Coast of the United States. The tropical cyclone was the second tropical storm and second hurricane of the 1950 Atlantic hurricane season. Originating as a tropical depression east of the Windward Islands on August 18, Baker became a tropical storm on August 19, and further intensified into a hurricane on August 21. It attained an initial peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 100 mph (155 km/h) on August 22 before weakening to a tropical storm as it made landfall on the island of Antigua. Baker weakened to a tropical depression late on August 23 while southwest of Puerto Rico. By the following morning, it had restrengthened into a tropical storm, though a landfall in Cuba caused it to weaken once again. Entering the Gulf of Mexico, Baker began to strengthen once more, regaining hurricane strength on August 29 and reaching its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 105 mph (165 km/h) early the following day. The cyclone weakened before making its final landfall in the United States near Gulf Shores, Alabama, with winds of 85 mph (140 km/h). Hurricane Baker produced extensive damage in the Lesser Antilles and Cuba, but impacts were minimal in the United States.
Meteorological history
On the morning of August 20, a strong tropical storm developed about 446 miles (718 km) east of Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe. The tropical storm deepened to hurricane intensity. On August 21, it rapidly attained maximum sustained winds of 120 mph (195 km/h), equivalent to a Category 3 hurricane. The hurricane passed over Antigua during the evening, while still producing winds of 115 mph (185 km/h). On August 22, it lost intensity and weakened to a tropical storm. On August 23, Baker made landfall near the Puerto Rican town of Guánica as a minimal tropical storm. The highest winds on the island of Puerto Rico were 35–40 mph (55–65 km/h). The storm then degenerated into an easterly tropical wave, and moved west-northwestward over northeastern Hispaniola. On August 24, it re-entered the Atlantic Ocean, and Tropical Depression Baker crossed the coast of eastern Cuba early on the next day.
On August 25, Baker redeveloped a center over the Caribbean Sea off southern Cuba, and re-intensified to tropical storm status. On August 27, Baker affected the Pinar del Río Province with 60 mph (75 km/h) winds, and then turned northward over the southern Gulf of Mexico. On August 28, Baker re-strengthened to hurricane intensity; reconnaissance and ship reports suggest the hurricane attained a second peak intensity of 110 mph (175 km/h) on August 30. The minimum central pressure was 979 mbar (28.92 inHg) on this date. The cyclone diminished in intensity prior to landfall. On August 31, the hurricane struck Gulf Shores, Alabama as a Category 1 hurricane with sustained winds estimated near 85 mph (140 km/h). The estimated central pressure at landfall was 980 mbar (28.95 inHg). Baker moved inland over Alabama and dissipated over southeastern Missouri on September 1.
Impact
On Antigua, the Pan American Airways station's power failed when winds reached 85 mph (140 km/h) around midnight on August 22. Unofficial estimates placed winds between 95–120 mph (150–195 km/h) at the location, although damages and casualties were unknown. Subsequent reports indicated light damage occurred on the island; later, information from the island indicated extensive damage. More than 100 homes were destroyed or damaged in the Willkie and Piggott areas, and large homes were destroyed in Prestown. Additionally, a manse was also demolished in Prestown. Electronic communications were dismantled, and thousands of homeless people sheltered in churches and schools. No deaths occurred on the island, but damages were expected to reach several thousand dollars. In Cuba, 37 people died, and the property losses reached several million dollars.
In the United States, the greatest property and crop damage occurred from Mobile, Alabama to Saint Marks, Florida, where losses approached $2,550,000 (1950 USD); high tides and winds inflicted minimal damage in both cities. Panama City, Florida incurred heavy damage to homes and businesses from high tides and rainfall, which peaked at . The highest rainfall total was at Caryville, Florida. Peak gusts exceeded 100 mph (155 km/h) on Santa Rosa Island, Florida. 200 to 300 cottages received damage in Panama City, and homes were flooded near the bay. Losses reached $200,000 (1950 USD) in Gulf Shores, Alabama. Hurricane Baker spawned two tornadoes. On August 30, a F1 tornado touched down in Apalachicola, Florida, destroying four dwellings and a store building and damaging another eleven buildings. On August 31, a F0 tornado demolished one building near Marianna, Florida, in Jackson County. Inland, Birmingham International Airport recorded 50 mph (85 km/h) wind gusts; higher gusts were estimated near 75 mph (120 km/h) in elevated, mountainous locations. Hundreds of trees were prostrated as far north as the Birmingham, Alabama area, and one person was killed and two more injured by live wires falling from utility poles.
See also
List of Category 2 Atlantic hurricanes
List of Florida hurricanes
List of United States hurricanes
List of Atlantic hurricanes
Notes
Further reading
Barnes, Jay (1998). Florida's Hurricane History. Chapel Hill Press. .
1950 Atlantic hurricane season
Category 3 Atlantic hurricanes
Baker
Baker
Baker
Baker
Baker
Baker
Baker
Baker
Baker
Baker
Baker
Baker
Hurricane Baker
Hurricane Baker
1950 in the Caribbean
1950 in Saint Kitts-Nevis-Anguilla
The Oenpelli python or Oenpelli rock python (Simalia oenpelliensis or Nyctophilopython oenpelliensis) is a species of large snake in the family Pythonidae. The species is endemic to the sandstone massif area of the western Arnhem Land region in the Northern Territory of Australia. There are no subspecies that are recognised as being valid. It has been called the rarest python in the world. Two notable characteristics of the species are the unusually large size of its eggs and its ability to change colour.
Taxonomy and etymology
The Oenpelli python was assigned to a taxonomy in 1977 by Graeme Gow, who placed it in the genus Python. It was then categorised by Cogger and Cameron as a species of Morelia. In 1984, Wells and Wellington placed it into a new genus Nyctophilopython and in 2014, a work by Reynolds, Niemiller, and Revell proposed to classify it as Simalia.
The specific name, oenpelliensis, is derived from the type locality, which is given as "6.5 km S.W. of Oenpelli, Northern Territory, Australia (12°21'S, 133°01'E)". In 2020, the name Narwaran was erected for the genus, overlooking the available name Nyctophilopython for the species which was immediately synonymised with the resurrected Nyctophilopython.
As of June 2022, ITIS and the IUCN Red List identify the Simalia classification as valid, while The Reptile Database uses Nyctophilopython.
Description
A large and rare species of the monotypic genus Nyctophilopython, the Oenpelli python may grow to more than in length, and one specimen in captivity is reportedly more than long. It is unusually thin in proportion to its length, relative to other pythons.
The dorsal colour pattern is dark olive-brown with darkened blotches. The belly is pale and dull, varying from cream to yellow.
The Oenpelli python is able to change its skin colouration, which tends to be lighter at night and darker in the daytime.
The eggs of the Oenpelli python have been described as "huge". At , they are almost twice the size of those for the related amethystine python (Simalia amethystina), which are reported as .
Behaviour
The Oenpelli python is nocturnal and inhabits rock crevices, trees, and caves.
It feeds on birds in fruiting trees, and has been speculated to specialise in eating birds. Adults prey on medium-to-large mammals, such as possum or large macropods. Captive specimens eat birds and rodents.
It is an ambush predator that remains motionless for long periods.
Distribution and habitat
The species occurs in a restricted range in the Northern Territory, in the sandstone outcrops of western Arnhem Land.
The species is found in habitat located on a sandstone massif, in the regions surrounding the upper reaches of the Cadell, South Alligator and East Alligator rivers. It is territorial, roaming between discrete positions, such as overhangs and caves in sandstone gorges or in a shady tree. Sightings are also reported in the region's woodland, heathland, and open rocky plains. It is noted as having an association with the Kombalgie sandstone gorges. It is said to be associated with sandstone rock outcrops with dense vegetation.
Conservation status
The total population of N. oenpelliensis is poorly surveyed, and no study has been made of the rate of its decline. This is partly due to the inaccessibility of the region, a factor that may help the preservation of the species. The conservation status of Nyctophilopython oenpelliensis is listed by the Northern Territory Government as vulnerable to extinction. This has been evaluated by known threatening factors, such as altered land use and fire regimes, and population inferred from the relative abundance of its prey. This is estimated to be below 10,000, which is inferred from several factors. As a large predator, the species is particularly vulnerable to declines in available prey. These larger mammals are more susceptible to changes in land use and threats such as introduced species. Suitable habitat is also limited in the distribution range of the species. The species is known to be illegally collected for private use, which is likely to impact on some subpopulations. This threat is limited by the inaccessibility of its habitat, the same factor that has restricted study of the species. Variation and decline in subpopulations has not been fully evaluated. It is found within a conservation reserve known as Kakadu National Park.
An attempt to start a breeding program was begun in 2012 and has had some limited success. As of July, 2014, the program included six specimens. In early 2015, the first two captive-bred neonates were born.
In Aboriginal language and culture
In the Kunwinjku language spoken in Oenpelli itself (now known as Gunbalanya), the python is called nawaran. The Oenpelli python has historically been a totemic creature for the Bininj Aboriginal people and because of its iridescent scales it may also be associated with the Rainbow Serpent.
References
External links
"Darwin snake expert breeds 'rainbow serpent' python back from the brink of extinction." ABC News 14 April 2015.
Pythonidae
Snakes of Australia
Reptiles of the Northern Territory
Endemic fauna of Australia
Reptiles described in 1977
Each "article" in this category is a collection of entries about several stamp issuers, presented in alphabetical order. The entries are formulated on the micro model and so provide summary information about all known issuers.
See the :Category:Compendium of postage stamp issuers page for details of the project.
Cilicia (French Occupation)
French occupation issues of Turkish stamps with various overprints which all included CILICIE.
Dates 1918–1921
Capital Adana
Currency 40 paras = 1 piastre
Refer French Occupation Issues
CIS
Refer Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR)
Ciskei
One of the territories ( Bantustans ) set up by the South African government as part of its apartheid policy.
Although the territory itself did not acquire international recognition, its stamps were
valid for postage.
Dates 1981 – 1994
Capital Bhisho
Currency 100 cents = 1 rand
Refer South African Territories
Cochin
Cochin was a state of South India which merged with Travancore on 1 July 1949 to form Travancore–Cochin.
This in turn became the state of Kerala in 1956.
Dates 1892–1949
Capital Ernakulam
Currency (1892) 6 puttans = 5 annas
(1898) 12 pies = 1 anna; 16 annas = 1 rupee
Refer Indian Native States
See also Travancore–Cochin
Cochin-China
Stamps of France were introduced in 1862 when the region became a French colony. On 17 October 1887, Cochin-China united with Cambodia, Annam and Tongking to form Indo-China. Stamps of Indo-China were introduced in January 1889. There were five Cochin-China stamps. All were surcharged French Colonies Commerce types. One (SG#3) was distinctive by an overprint of C.CH. Cochin-China is now the southern part of Vietnam.
Dates
1886–1889
Capital
Saigon
Currency
100 centimes = 1 franc
Main article
Postage stamps and postal history of Cochin-China
See also
Annam & Tongking;
Indo-China Territories
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Discovered by Captain William Keeling in 1609, the islands were uninhabited until 1826. They were annexed by Britain in 1857. Administration was mainly by Singapore until 1955 when the islands were transferred
to Australia as a Dependent Territory.
Australian stamps were used 1955–1963 and again from 14 February 1966 to 8 July 1969 due to the introduction
of decimal currency.
Dates 1963 –
Capital West Island
Currency (1963) 12 pence = 1 shilling; 20 shillings = 1 pound
(1969) 100 cents = 1 dollar
Main Article
Postage stamps and postal history of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Coetivy
Coëtivy Island is in the Indian Ocean south of the main Seychelles group. A post office was opened
there in 1963. It was administered by Britain as part of the Seychelles until 8 November 1965 when it was
included in British Indian Ocean Territory. From 1976, Coetivy has been in the independent Seychelles and
uses stamps of Zil Elwannyen Sesel.
Refer Zil Elwannyen Sesel
Colombia
Dates 1859 –
Capital Bogotá
Currency 100 centavos = 1 peso
Main Article
Postage stamps and postal history of Colombia
Colombian Territories
Main Article
Includes Antioquia;
AVIANCA;
Bolívar;
Boyacá;
Cauca;
Cundinamarca;
Granadine Confederation;
LANSA;
New Granada;
Santander;
Tolima
Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)
The CIS was founded in December 1991 at a meeting in Minsk of Russia, Belarus and Ukraine. It was intended to be a commonwealth of Slav republics to ensure co-operation in defence, economics and foreign policy. It was subsequently joined by all the other former Soviet states except Georgia and the three Baltic republics.
Stamps of the USSR continued to be used in the member states until each could introduce new types.
There have been no issues for the CIS as a whole.
Refer Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR)
Comoro Islands
An archipelago in the Indian Ocean, north west of Madagascar. The four main islands are Anjouan,
Grande Comore (Great Comoro), Mayotte and Moheli. Mayotte is politically a French overseas department,
while the others constitute the Comoros Republic.
The whole group came under French protection after 1841 and were separate colonies during 1891–1914.
In this period, each island issued French Colonial Tablet types inscribed with the island's name.
On 23 February 1914, they were attached to Madagascar as dependencies. British forces captured the islands
from Vichy control in 1942 and, on 9 May 1946, they became collectively a French overseas department
called ARCHIPEL DES COMORES.
Stamps of Madagascar & Dependencies were used 1914–1950. The first Comoros issue was on 15 May 1950.
Independence was declared on 6 July 1975 as the Comoros Republic, but this move was resisted in Mayotte
which continued to be part of France and now uses stamps of France. Mayotte has a predominantly
Catholic population whereas the other three islands are mainly Muslim.
Dates 1950 –
Capital Moroni (Grande Comore)
Currency 100 centimes = 1 franc
Main Article
Postage stamps and postal history of the Comoros
Companhia do Nyassa
Refer Nyassa
Confederate States of America
The Confederacy was established by the southern U.S. states in February 1861 when they seceded from the Union. This precipitated the American Civil War which ended 9 April 1865 with the surrender of Robert E. Lee's army to that of Ulysses S. Grant.
The first Confederacy stamps were issued 18 October 1861. There were four issues in all with values ranging from 2 to 20 cents. All the stamps were definitive types with portraits of Jefferson Davis (Confederacy president) or of former Union presidents such as Washington, Jefferson, and Jackson.
Dates 1861 – 1865
Capital Richmond (Virginia)
Currency 100 cents = 1 dollar
See also United States of America (USA)
Congo (Indian UN Force)
Stamps were issued to Indian military personnel with the United Nations force in the Congo. These were
six values of the familiar Indian map type overprinted UN FORCE (INDIA) CONGO.
Dates 1962 only
Currency 100 naye paise = 1 rupee
Refer Indian Overseas Forces
Congo Free State
A vast country in central Africa which was not fully explored by Europeans until the 1870s. The missions, including those of Stanley and Livingstone, were partly financed by King Leopold II of Belgium who established the Congo Free State under their personal rule on 2 May 1885.
Stamps were issued from 1 January 1886 inscribed ETAT INDEPENDENT DU CONGO.
On 18 October 1908, the Congo was annexed by an Act of the Belgian parliament and renamed Belgian Congo (Congo Belge). The first stamps with this inscription were issued on 1 January 1909. In the meantime, stocks of Congo Free State stamps were overprinted CONGO BELGE.
Dates 1886–1908
Capital Leopoldville
Currency 100 centimes = 1 franc
Main Article
See also Belgian Congo
Congo Republic
Formerly Middle Congo.
Dates 1959 –
Capital Brazzaville
Currency 100 centimes = 1 franc
Main Article
Postage stamps and postal history of the Republic of the Congo
See also French Congo;
French Equatorial Africa;
Middle Congo
Congo Republic (Zaire)
Formerly Belgian Congo and Zaire.
Dates 1960–1971
Capital Kinshasa
Currency (1960) 100 centimes = 1 franc
(1967) 100 sengi = 1 kuta; 100 kuta = 1 zaire
Refer Zaire
Constantinople
A number of foreign post offices were established in Constantinople. Most issued stamps of the home
country or general Levant types of that country. There were overprinted local issues by the Italian,
Polish, Romanian and Russian offices.
Refer Constantinople (Italian Post Office);
Constantinople (Polish Post Office);
Constantinople (Romanian Post Office);
Constantinople (Russian Post Office)
Constantinople (Italian Post Office)
Dates 1908–1923
Currency 40 paras = 1 piastre
Refer Italian Post Offices in the Turkish Empire
Constantinople (Polish Post Office)
Dates 1919–1921
Currency 100 fenigi = 1 mark
Refer Polish Post Abroad
Constantinople (Romanian Post Office)
Dates 1896–1919
Currency 40 paras = 1 piastre
Refer Romanian Post Abroad
Constantinople (Russian Post Office)
The office was open 1863–1918 and normally used stamps of Russia or Russian Levant. There was an
individual overprint for Galata PO in Constantinople in 1909–10.
Dates 1909–1910
Currency 40 paras = 1 piastre
Refer Russian Post Offices in the Turkish Empire
Coo
Refer Kos
Cook Islands
Dates 1892 –
Capital Avarua
Currency (1892) 12 pence = 1 shilling; 20 shillings = 1 pound
(1967) 100 cents = 1 dollar
Main Article Postage stamps and postal history of the Cook Islands
Includes Rarotonga
Córdoba
Dates 1858 only
Currency 100 centavos = 1 peso fuerte
Refer Argentine Territories
Corfu (Italian Occupation)
Italian occupation during brief dispute with Greece. Italian stamps overprinted CORFU were prepared
but only a few had been introduced when evacuation took place.
Dates 1923 only
Currency 100 centesimi = 1 lira
Refer Italian Occupation Issues
See also Ionian Islands (Italian Occupation)
Corfu & Paxos (Italian Occupation)
Italian occupation forces issued Greek stamps overprinted CORFU. These were replaced by a general
issue for the whole of the Ionian Islands.
Dates 1941 only
Currency 100 lepta = 1 drachma (Greek)
Refer Italian Occupation Issues
See also Ionian Islands (Italian Occupation)
References
Bibliography
Stanley Gibbons Ltd, Europe and Colonies 1970, Stanley Gibbons Ltd, 1969
Stanley Gibbons Ltd, various catalogues
Stuart Rossiter & John Flower, The Stamp Atlas, W H Smith, 1989
XLCR Stamp Finder and Collector's Dictionary, Thomas Cliffe Ltd, c.1960
External links
AskPhil – Glossary of Stamp Collecting Terms
Encyclopaedia of Postal History
Cilicia
e-Borders was an advance passenger information programme which aimed to collect and store information on passengers and crew entering and leaving the United Kingdom. Passengers details were to be checked against terror and criminal watch lists before being stored on the e-borders database. Due to European law on free movement EU carriers and ports supply information to the UK Border Agency on a voluntary basis; however in March 2012 Damian Green said that by April e-Borders would be collecting information on all passengers on 100% of non-EEA flights to the UK. The information of the passengers and crew was to be collected by the airline, train operating company, ferry and other carriers and ports and is then passed on to the e-Borders programme via the Carrier Gateway provided by Serco. In 2014 it was announced that the system would be scrapped.
Under the terms of the Data Protection Act 1998 passengers and crew may request to view all their records held by the e-Borders programme via the UK Border Agency website.
History
The project was brought in by the then Labour government in 2007. It was hoped that information on all passengers entering and leaving the UK could be achieved by 2014. The project which is provided by the Trusted Borders consortium led by Raytheon and includes Serco, Detica, Accenture and Qinetiq. Raytheon had its contract terminated in July 2010 after a series of delays after being paid £188 million of its £742 million contract and was later replaced by IBM. However, the e-Borders programme suffered further delays after Raytheon's contract was terminated as sea and rail passengers are still not covered by e-Borders.
In March 2014 Charles Montgomery, Director General of the UK's Border Force, announced before the Home Affairs Select Committee, that the e-Borders programme would be terminated. The search for a new supplier has been underway since 2013.
In August 2014 a binding arbitration tribunal awarded Raytheon a total of £224m in compensation against the Home Office for the incorrect termination of their contract.
Mandatory Data
The mandatory data requested in the legislation falls into three groups:
For passengers, the travel document information (TDI) which are the data held in the machine-readable zone of the passport or identity document. This is known in the airline industry as advance passenger information (API) data;
For crew members, their TDI; and
Service information (for example, number, name of carrier, departure and arrival points).
Additional Data
Additional data is collected for carriers own purposes and is only required if it is known to the carrier; this includes:
Passenger name
Address
Telephone number(s )
Ticketing information
Travel itinerary
References
United Kingdom border control
Non-blocking or nonblocking may refer to:
non-blocking I/O, see asynchronous I/O
Non-blocking synchronization
Nonblocking minimal spanning switch
Endrefalva is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Rabindra Sangeet (; ), also known as Tagore Songs, are songs from the Indian subcontinent written and composed by the Bengali Polymath Rabindranath Tagore, winner of the 1913 Nobel Prize in Literature, the first Indian and also the first non-European to receive such recognition. Tagore was a prolific composer with approximately 2,232 songs to their credit. The songs have distinctive characteristics in the music of Bengal, popular in India and Bangladesh. It is characterised by its distinctive rendition while singing which includes a significant amount of ornamentation like meend, murki, etc. and is filled with expressions of romanticism. The music is mostly based on Hindustani classical music, Carnatic Classical Music, Western tunes and the inherent folk music of Bengal and inherently possess within them, a perfect balance, an endearing economy of poetry and musicality. Lyrics and music both hold almost equal importance in Rabindra Sangeet. Tagore created some six new taals (Which were actually inspired by Carnatic Talas) because they felt the traditional taals existing at the time could not do justice and were coming in the way of the seamless narrative of the lyrics.The Rabindrasangeet contains various sections or 'parjay' such as 'prem','prakriti','bhanusingher podaboli',etc. The Bhanushingher Podaboli songs are based on their own life experiences and happenstance.
History
Rabindra Sangeet merges fluidly into Tagore's literature, most of which—poems or parts of novels, stories, or plays alike—were lyricised. Influenced by the thumri style of Hindustani music, they ran the entire gamut of human emotion, ranging from their early dirge-like Brahmo devotional hymns to quasi-erotic compositions. They emulated the tonal color of classical ragas to varying extents. Some songs mimicked a given raga's melody and rhythm faithfully; others newly blended elements of different ragas. Yet about nine-tenths of their work was not bhanga gaan, the body of tunes revamped with "fresh value" from select Western, Hindustani, Bengali folk and other regional flavours "external" to Tagore's own ancestral culture. In fact, Tagore drew influence from sources as diverse as traditional Hindusthani Thumri ("O Miya Bejanewale") to Scottish ballads ("Purano Shei Diner Kotha" from "Auld Lang Syne").
Scholars have attempted to gauge the emotive force and range of Hindustani ragas:
Tagore influenced sitar maestro Vilayat Khan and sarodiyas Buddhadev Dasgupta and Amjad Ali Khan. Their songs are widely popular and undergird the Bengali ethos to an extent perhaps rivalling Shakespeare's impact on the English-speaking world. It is said that their songs are the outcome of five centuries of Bengali literary churning and communal yearning. Dhan Gopal Mukerji has said that these songs transcend the mundane to the aesthetic and express all ranges and categories of human emotion. The poet gave voice to all—big or small, rich or poor. The poor Ganges boatman and the rich landlord air their emotions in them. They birthed a distinctive school of music whose practitioners can be fiercely traditional: novel interpretations have drawn severe censure in both West Bengal and Bangladesh.
For Bengalis, the songs' appeal, stemming from the combination of emotive strength and beauty described as surpassing even Tagore's poetry, was such that the Modern Review observed that "[t]here is in Bengal no cultured home where Rabindranath's songs are not sung or at least attempted to be sung ... Even illiterate villagers sing their songs". A. H. Fox Strangways of The Observer introduced non-Bengalis to rabindrasangit in The Music of Hindostan, calling it a "vehicle of a personality ... [that] go behind this or that system of music to that beauty of sound which all systems put out their hands to seize."
In 1971, Amar Shonar Bangla became the national anthem of Bangladesh. It was written—ironically—to protest the 1905 Partition of Bengal along communal lines: lopping Muslim-majority East Bengal from Hindu-dominated West Bengal was to avert a regional bloodbath. Tagore saw the partition as a ploy to upend the independence movement, and they aimed to rekindle Bengali unity and tar communalism. Jana Gana Mana was written in shadhu-bhasha, a Sanskritised register of Bengali, and is the first of five stanzas of a Brahmo hymn that Tagore composed. It was first sung in 1911 at a Calcutta session of the Indian National Congress and was adopted in 1950 by the Constituent Assembly of the Republic of India as its national anthem.
Songs
Their songs are affectionately called Rabindra Sangeet, and cover topics from humanism, structuralism, introspection, psychology, romance, yearning, nostalgia, reflection, modernism. Rabindra Sangeet offers a melody for every season of Bengal, and for every aspect of Bengali life. Tagore primarily worked with two subjects – first, the human being, the being and the becoming of that human being, and second, Nature, in all their myriad forms and colours, and of the relationship between the human being and Nature and how Nature affects the behavior and the expressions of human beings. Bhanusimha Thakurer Padavali (or Bhanusingher Podaboli), one of Tagore's earliest works in music, was primarily in a language that is similar and yet different from Bengali – this language, Brajabuli, was derived from the language of the Vaishnav hymns, and of texts like Jayadeva's Gita Govinda, some influences from Sanskrit can be found, courtesy Tagore's extensive homeschooling in the Puranas, the Upanishads, as well as in poetic texts like Kalidasa's Meghadūta and Abhigyanam Shakuntalam. Tagore was one of the greatest narrators of all time, and throughout their life, we find a current of narration through all their works that surges with upheavals in the psyche of the people around him, as well as with the changes of seasons. A master of metaphor, it is often difficult to identify the true meaning that underlies their texts, but what is truly great about Tagore, is that their songs are identifiable with any and every possible mood, with every possible situation that is encountered by a person in the course of life. This truly reinforces the notion that Rabindrasangeet has at its heart some unbelievably powerful poetry. The Upanishads influenced their writing throughout their life, and their devotional music is addressed almost always to an inanimate entity, a personal, a private god, whom modernists call the Other.
Rabindranath Tagore was a curator of melodic and compositional styles. In the course of their travels all over the world, they came into contact with the musical narratives of the West, of the South of India, and these styles are reflected in some of their songs. There are several classifications of their work. The ones that beginners most often use is that based on genre – devotional (Puja Porjaay), romantic (Prem Porjaay) [Note: It often becomes difficult, if not impossible, on hearing a song, to determine if it falls in the devotional genre or the romantic. The line between the two is blurred, by certain creations of Tagore himself, e.g. Tomarei Koriyachi Jibonero Dhrubotara. Also, Tagore never made these divisions. Only after their death was the need felt to categorize, compile and thus preserve their work, and the genre-classification system was born out of this need.] seasonal (Prokriti Porjaay) – summer (Grishho), monsoon (Borsha), autumn (Shorot), early winter (Hemonto), winter (Sheet), Spring (Boshonto); diverse (Bichitro), patriotic (Deshatmobodhok). Although Deshatmobodh and patriotism are completely antipodal concepts, yet the difficulties of translation present themselves, apart from songs specified for certain events or occasions (Aanushtthanik) and the songs they composed for their numerous plays and dance-dramas.
Sangee
The book forming a collection of all 2,233 songs written by Rabindranath is called Gitabitan ("Garden of songs") and forms an important part of extant historical materials pertaining to Bengali musical expression. The six major parts of this book are Puja (worship), Prem (love), Prakriti (seasons), Swadesh (patriotism), Aanushthanik (occasion-specific), Bichitro (miscellaneous) and Nrityonatya (dance dramas and lyrical plays).
The Swarabitan, published in 64 volumes, includes the texts of 1,721 songs and their musical notation. The volumes were first published between 1936 and 1955.
Earlier collections, all arranged chronologically, include Rabi Chhaya (1885), Ganer Bahi o Valmiki Pratibha (1893), Gan (1908), and Dharmashongit (1909).
Exponents
Since the establishment of the Sangeet Bhavan of Tagore's own Visva-Bharati University at Shantiniketan, along with its codification of Rabindra Sangeet instruction, multiple generations have created Rabindra Sangeet (its aesthetics and singing style) into a tangible cultural tradition breeding many singers who now specialize in singing Tagore's works. Some notable early exponents of Rabindra Sangeet who laid down its foundations and continue to inspire generations of singers include:
Kanika Banerjee. Suchitra Mitra, Hemant Kumar, Debabrata Biswas, Sagar Sen, Subinoy Roy, and Chinmoy Chattopadhyay.
Historical influence
Rabindra Sangeet has been an integral part of Bengal culture for over a century. Hindu monk and Indian social reformer Swami Vivekananda became an admirer of Rabindra Sangeet in their youth. They composed music in the Rabindra Sangeet style, for example Gaganer Thale in Raga Jaijaivanti.
Many of Tagore's songs form the worship hymnal and hymns in many Churches in Kolkata and West Bengal. Some examples are Aaguner Poroshmoni, Klanti Amar Khoma Koro Probhu, Bipode More Rokkha Koro and Aanondoloke Mongolaloke.
Digitization
As of July 2016, 7,864 Rabindra Sangeet have been digitized by Saregama and is available online for download.
See also
Music of Bengal
Works of Rabindranath Tagore
References
Works cited
Further reading
For year of composition, raga and tala of Tagore's songs, see:
Chandra, Sudhir (2002). Rabindrasangeet: Rag-Shur Nirdeshika. Papyrus, Kolkata.
Mukhopadhyay, Prabhat Kumar (2003). Gitabitan: Kalanukromik Shuchi. Tagore Research Institute, Kolkata.
External links
tagoreweb.in, contains complete works of Tagore, including their songs,
Bengali-language literature
Bengali music
Culture of West Bengal
Indian literature
Culture of Kolkata
Indian music
Indian culture
Bangladeshi culture
Music of Bengal
Indian styles of music
Sant Pere is a locality located in the municipality of La Vansa i Fórnols, in Province of Lleida province, Catalonia, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 1.
Geography
Sant Pere is located 165km northeast of Lleida.
References
Populated places in the Province of Lleida
Cadwallon ap Einion (c. 460-517 or 534), usually known as Cadwallon Lawhir ('Long Hand') and also called Cadwallon I by some historians, was a Welsh ruler around 500.
Cadwallon was the son of Einion Yrth and Prawst ferch Deithlyn.  They are often considered to have been king of Gwynedd from their father's death in about 500 until their own death some time between 517 and 534.
 They are credited with having driven the last Irish settlers off the island of Anglesey. According to one tradition, Cadwallon and their army padlocked their own feet to their stirrups so that they could not be tempted to flee the battle.
Cadwallon's epithet, Lawhir, may possibly refer to them having longer than usual arms or might also be a metaphor, referring to the extent of their authority. The late medieval poet Iolo Goch claims that they could "reach a stone from the ground to kill a raven, without bending their back, because their arm was as long as their side to the ground."
According to Gildas, Cadwallon's son, Maelgwn, murdered their uncle in order to ascend the throne, which suggests that the actual king of Gwynedd was not Cadwallon but their brother Owain Ddantgwyn.
Caswallon's Llys
There has been a longstanding association, in antiquarian writings, between Cadwallon and a possible Llys (medieval royal court building) known as Caswallon's Llys. This was indicated on the Ordnance Survey map of 1889 as within a field near Mynnydd Eilian, in the Llaneilian community, in the north-east corner of the Isle of Anglesey. With no obvious remains by the 20th century, it had been largely discredited as a Llys site until a geophysical survey in 2009 identified foundations of a rectangular building within a trapezoidal enclosure, for which an early medieval site was a strong possibility.
See also
Kings of Wales family trees
Bodysgallen Hall
References
460 births
534 deaths
Monarchs of Gwynedd
Arthurian legend
5th-century Welsh monarchs
6th-century Welsh monarchs
Marine All-Weather Fighter Squadron 114 (VMF(AW)-114) was a squadron of the United States Marine Corps that was originally commissioned during World War II. Nicknamed the “Death Dealers”, the squadron saw the most action during the war providing close air support during the Battle of Peleliu. The squadron remained on active duty until being decommissioned in 1963.
History
World War II
Marine Fighting Squadron 114 was commissioned on July 11, 1943 at Marine Corps Air Station El Toro. The squadron remained on the West Coast of the United States until August 1943 when it then transferred to Marine Corps Air Station Ewa, Hawaii. In Hawaii, squadron pilots continued their training until moving to Midway Island on December 18, 1943. VMF-114 returned to Ewa in February 1944 and in March they moved first to Espiritu Santo and the Green Island. While there, they flew strike missions against Japanese garrisons that had been bypassed in the Bismarck Islands.
The first major combat that VMF-114 took part in was the Battle of Peleliu. The squadron arrived on Peleliu on September 17, 1944 and provided most of the close air support (CAS) for Marine Corps forces during the course of the battle. They also provided the preparatory bombing and CAS for the 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines when they assaulted Ngesebus during the battle. The terrain on the island, earlier judged unsuitable for anything but the costliest and most difficult advances, was made passable with the aid of preparatory fire-scouring by napalm bombs from 114. MajGen William H. Rupertus, the Commanding General of the 1st Marine Division on Peleliu would say following the battle that the air support provided during the campaign was, "executed in a manner leaving little to be desired. Following the battle, they remained based on the island again assuming the role of attacking bypassed Japanese garrisons in the vicinity of the western Caroline Islands. The squadron remained in the area until they ceased combat operations on June 1, 1945.
Post-war years
Following the war, VMF-114 escaped the post-war drawdown of forces and were transferred to Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point in February 1946. In August 1947, the squadron was redesignated Marine Night Fighter Squadron 114 (VMF(N)-114) after they were reequipped with the nightfighter version of the F4U Corsair. Within a few years, the squadron transitioned to the F2H Banshee and on June 1, 1953 they were again redesignated VMF-114. On January 7, 1953, the squadron deployed to the Mediterranean Sea as part of Carrier Air Wing 10 (CVG-10) onboard the USS Tarawa (CVA-40). They returned from this deployment on July 3, 1953.
The squadron transitioned to the F9F-8 Cougar, in 1955, and then to the F4D Skyray, on May 1, 1957. The squadron was redesignated a Fixed-Wing Marine All Weather Fighter Squadron, (VMF(AW)-114) at that time. From February 13, 1959 – September 1, 1959, the squadron was deployed as part of Carrier Air Wing 1 (CVG-1) on board the USS Franklin D. Roosevelt (CVA-42) for a cruise in the Mediterranean. The squadron lost two pilots on this tour. Major Robert W. Minick was killed in a landing accident aboard the carrier, on January 15, 1959. 1Lt. William Denima died on July 24, 1959, when they inadvertently shut off their engine and impacted the ocean surface while attempting an airstart. Upon their return they went back to the normal deployment rotation including a stint at Naval Air Station Roosevelt Roads. In January 1961, the squadron was transferred to Naval Air Facility Atsugi, Japan where they served until the squadron was deactivated on July 1, 1963;
Awards
Navy Unit Commendation September 15, 1944 – January 31, 1945
See also
United States Marine Corps Aviation
List of active United States Marine Corps aircraft squadrons
List of inactive United States Marine Corps aircraft squadrons
Notes
References
Bibliography
Web
Fighting114
Inactive units of the United States Marine Corps
Ivana Stefanović (born 14 September 1948) is a Serbian composer.
Biography
Ivana Stefanović was born in Belgrade. They studied violin and composition, graduating from the Faculty of Music Arts (FMA) in Belgrade. They continued their studies at the Institute for Research and Coordination Acoustics/Music IRCAM in Paris. Them compositions were first performed in 1966 and have been presented internationally.
In 1968 Stefanović took a position with Radio Belgrade writing music and program leads. In 1970 they began working for Television Belgrade, preparing and maintaining cultural programs. In 1975 they were employed as a music editor, in 1985 became the first editor of the Workshops Sound Drama program, and in 1989 chief editor of Radio Belgrade. In 2000 they began teaching at the Center for Women's Studies. From 2001–2006 they were the artistic director of the Bemus Music Festival. From 2007–2008 they served as State Secretary of Culture of Serbia.
Stefanović has lived in Damascus, Ankara and currently resides in Bucharest, Romania. They have written a book titled Put za Damask (Road to Damascus), and has published professional articles on music and culture in newspapers and magazines.
Works
Ivana Stefanović composes for radio and for theater, and has completed music for over forty plays. Selected works include:
2010 Poet in a glass box - Fairy Tale for soprano and chamber ensemble
2009 Short debt for percussion ensemble, 4 performers
2008 It for female voice, flute, piano, cello Text: Ljubomir Simović
2005 Unusual scene with Homer's grave in Smyrna - new contributions for the Hans Christian Andersen for solo flute, piano, harpsichord, accordion, percussion, strings and narrator, Text H.K. Andersen
2003 Ordinary conversations for oboe and violin
2003 Over water for soprano, flute and piano
2003 Verses Hellenic meličara: Sappho, Alcaeus and Alkman
2002 If the Lord does not for mixed choir. Version for female choir a cappella Text from the Orthodox prayer book
1998 The first eastern dream landscape of the strip Produced by ORF (Austrian Radio)
1997 Tree of Life for string orchestra
1997 Antioch songs for mixed choir and caprella speechless
1996 Music for June for flute and piano (or harp)
1996 Instrumental Song for high female voice and piano.
1995 Tibul against the war for mixed choir and timpani Text: Tibul
1994 And in the distance a garden full of flowers for solo violin, Dedication to Matthew Marinkovic
1994 Circle music for tape, choreodrama
1993 Strindberg play
1993 String Quartet No. 3
1993 Signs along the road for flute and piano, harp, harpsichord
1993 Lacrimosa radio drama, produced by ORF (Austrian Radio)
1993 Piano pieces {Play, Toccata, only for the left, Dungeon, Watches, Time, January, Satirical}
1993 Music for March for piano or harpsichord
1992 Isidora ballet, tape-music, libretto and choreography: Jelena Santic
1992 Metropolis of Silence/Stari Ras Poem for radio
1992 Four night results for solo viola and 13 strings
1990 Psalm for mixed choir and solo soprano Text from the Orthodox liturgy
1989 And the help niodkudu the old instruments, percussion and strings
1989 Lingua/Phonia/Patria for radio, Radio co-production and studio Hörspiel WDR Cologne
1988 Lullabies for mezzo-soprano, harpsichord and string orchestra
1986 Dedication for piano, dedicated to their father
1986 November, November ... Quasi una fantasia for solo cello
1984 Dream Interpretation for flute, tape, a female voice the voice and stage movement Text Rosa Luxemburg (Luxemburg) and Vesna Krmpotić.
1981 Mimicry for flute choir (14 performers)
1980 Torsion joints for solo violin.
1980 Paysage for harpsichord and tape
1979 What to do with a bird at a Glance for percussion ensemble (4 artists) and tape
1979 Fragment of a possible order for six keyboard instruments (two pianos, organ, celeste, klavsen, accordion)
1978 Hommage à Villon the old instruments (7 artists) and two voices (soprano and mezzo-soprano or tenor) Text: François Vijon (François Villon)
1978 Incantations for soprano and chamber orchestra (14 artists), Text: The Egyptian Book of the Dead
1977 Button stray children's opera Soloists, children's choir, chamber ensemble Author: Predrag Čudić
1977 Dushan's Code For old instruments (5 artists)
1976 For Irena for solo flute, is dedicated to Irena Grafenauer
1976 Harmony, string quartet no. 2
1976 Harmony Version for string orchestra
1976 Part singing for two flutes and electric piano. Duration 5 '
1974 Epistle to the birds Experimental Radio Production, Co-authors Marjan Radojičić and Predrag Knezevic
1974 Kust for Bassoon and Piano
1974 My world for soprano and piano. Text: Desanka Maksimović
1974 Cabana cantata for soprano, alto, children's and mixed choir, and symphony orchestra, texts of North American Indians
1974 Sickness or death that occurs for soprano, contralto, recital, trumpet, timpani, harp, organ and piano. Text: Henry Miso (Anry Micheaux)
1969 String Quartet no. 1
1969 Length 20
1968 Passcaglia and Fugue for solo violin
References
1948 births
Living people
20th-century classical composers
Music educators
Women classical composers
Serbian composers
Women in electronic music
Women music educators
20th-century women composers
The Moruya River is an open and trained mature wave dominated barrier estuary or tidal river is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia. In its upper freshwater reaches, the river is known as the Deua River.
Course and features
The headwaters of the Deua River rise south of Braidwood and flow to the village of Kiora where the Deua River forms its confluence with the Moruya River. The Moruya River flows generally east, joined by two minor tributaries, past the town of Moruya, before reaching its mouth of the Tasman Sea at Moruya Heads. The river descends over its course.
Barrier entrance
The river has a bar at its confluence with the Tasman Sea. Work on the river training walls was concentrated in 1907, following extensive siltation of the river opening. The dredge Antleon was based there during the 1920s, when in 1924, the steamer Benandra was wrecked at the entrance. Work on the break walls was completed in 1925 when huge storms required some repairs to the training walls. The port gained greater significance in 1924 when a stone quarry was opened and used to supply granite for the pylons of the Sydney Harbour Bridge, and the stone for the Cenotaph in Martin Place. The Public Works Department built a wharf adjacent to the quarry fore ease of use. Extensions to the southern training walls were undertaken between 1931 and 1933, with major additional works from 1946 to 1954. The bar is dangerous to shipping and as a result of its hazards for smaller ships and because it prevented access by larger ones, the major settlement in the area was first developed at nearby Broulee. In 1841 a flood cleared the bar and the town of Moruya, now accessible to shipping, developed at the expense of the settlement at Broulee despite later recurring problems with the bar, not least as it was the easiest point to access the rich Araluen goldfields from the 1850s.
The bar is now managed in part by a rock breakwall on the northern side of the river.
History
The river was previously navigable by coastal shipping to Moruya and was serviced by the Illawarra Steam Navigation Company. The Benandra, a wooden screw steamer operated by the Illawarra Steam Navigation Company to transport cargo, was lost on 25 March 1924 when it hit the sandspit near the bar. At least one person died.
The Princes Highway crosses the Moruya River at Moruya. The first bridge across the Moruya River was erected in 1876. Due to frequent flooding new bridges were erected in 1900 and 1945 and, most recently, in 1966.
Nature
Wildlife
Coast-favoring southern right whales may enter into the river mouth. Mordacia praecox is a species of southern topeyed lamprey that is found only in the Moroya and Tuross Rivers.
See also
Rivers of New South Wales
List of rivers of New South Wales (L–Z)
List of rivers of Australia
References
External links
Rivers of New South Wales
South Coast (New South Wales)
There are at least 158 named mountains in Beaverhead County, Montana.
Ajax Peak, , el.
Alder Peak, , el.
Alturas Number One Mountain, , el.
Alturas Number Two Mountain, , el.
Antelope Peak, , el.
Antone Peak, , el.
Armstrong Mountain, , el.
Arrowhead Mountain, , el.
Bachelor Mountain, , el.
Baldy Mountain, , el.
Barb Mountain, , el.
Barbour Hill, , el.
Battle Mountain, , el.
Beals Mountain, , el.
Bender Point, , el.
Benson Peak, , el.
Big Point, , el.
Black Lion Mountain, , el.
Black Mountain, , el.
Black Mountain, , el.
Blacktail Mountains, , el.
Bloody Dick Peak, , el.
Bobcat Mountain, , el.
Boner Knob, , el.
Brays Butte, , el.
Brownes Peak, , el.
Browns Peak, , el.
Burns Mountain, , el.
Butch Hill, , el.
Butch Hill, , el.
Call Mountain, , el.
Calvert Hill, , el.
Camp Mountain, , el.
Canyon Mountain, , el.
Carroll Hill, , el.
Center Mountain, , el.
Cleve Mountain, , el.
Comet Mountain, , el.
Deer Mountain, , el.
Deer Peak, , el.
Diamond Butte, , el.
Dixon Mountain, , el.
Dry Hill, , el.
Dutchman Mountain, , el.
Eighteenmile Peak, , el.
Elk Mountain, , el.
Elk Mountain, , el.
Ellis Peak, , el.
Foolhen Mountain, , el.
Gallagher Butte, , el.
Gallagher Mountain, , el.
Garfield Mountain, , el.
Garrett Hill, , el.
Goat Mountain, , el.
Granite Mountain, , el.
Graphite Mountain, , el.
Grassy Top, , el.
Gray Jockey Peak, , el.
Greenstone Mountain, , el.
Grizzly Hill, , el.
Harrison Peak, , el.
Highboy Mountain, , el.
Hirschy Mountain, , el.
Homer Youngs Peak, , el.
Humbolt Mountain, , el.
Inabnit Butte, , el.
Indian Head, , el.
Island Butte, , el.
Italian Peak, , el.
Jackson Hill, , el.
Jeff Davis Peak, , el.
Jim Brown Mountain, , el.
Jumbo Mountain (Beaverhead County, Montana), , el.
Keokirk Mountain, , el.
Knob Mountain, , el.
Laphan Mountain, , el.
Lima Peaks, , el.
Limestone Mountain, , el.
Lion Mountain, , el.
Little Table Mountain, , el.
Lone Butte, , el.
Lost Horse Mountain, , el.
Maiden Peak, , el.
Maurice Mountain, , el.
Maverick Mountain, , el.
Medicine Lodge Peak, , el.
Merden Peak, , el.
Middle Mountain, , el.
Monument Hill, , el.
Monument Peak, , el.
Mooney Mountain, , el.
Morgan Mountain, , el.
Morrison Hill, , el.
Mount Alverson, , el.
Mount Jefferson, , el.
Mount Tahepia, , el.
Needle Rock, , el.
Nemesis Mountain, , el.
Odell Mountain, , el.
Ore Camp Hill, , el.
Painter Peak, , el.
Patchtop Mountain, , el.
Pinetop Hill, , el.
Ponsonby Peak, , el.
Pyramid Hill, , el.
Pyramid Peak, , el.
Quartz Hill, , el.
Quartz Hill, , el.
Reas Peak, , el.
Red Butte, , el.
Red Butte, , el.
Red Butte, , el.
Red Butte, , el.
Red Conglomerate Peaks, , el.
Red Rock Mountain, , el.
Retort Mountain, , el.
Round Top Mountain, , el.
Saddle Mountain, , el.
Saddleback Mountain, , el.
Sawtooth Mountain, , el.
Sawtooth Mountain, , el.
Selway Mountain, , el.
Seymore Mountain, , el.
Sharp Mountain, , el.
Shaw Mountain, , el.
Sheep Mountain, , el.
Sheep Mountain, , el.
Sheep Mountain, , el.
Shepherd Mountain, , el.
Sheriff Mountain, , el.
Ski Hill, , el.
Slide Mountain, , el.
Sourdough Peak, , el.
Stewart Mountain, , el.
Stine Mountain, , el.
Storm Peak, , el.
Sugarloaf Hill, , el.
Sugarloaf Mountain, , el.
Table Mountain, , el.
Tash Peak, , el.
Taylor Mountain, , el.
Tent Mountain, , el.
Tepee Mountain, , el.
The Iron Mine, , el.
Thunderhead Mountain, , el.
Timber Butte, , el.
Timber Butte, , el.
Timber Hill, , el.
Torrey Mountain, , el.
Tower Mountain, , el.
Trident Peak, , el.
Tweedy Mountain, , el.
Twin Adams Mountain, , el.
Vinegar Hill, , el.
West Pintler Peak, , el.
White Hills, , el.
Woody Mountain, , el.
Wooster Mountain, , el.
See also
List of mountains in Montana
List of mountain ranges in Montana
Notes
Beaverhead
Askaf is an iron ore prospect in Mauritania.
Railway
The deposit straddles the SNIM railway 598 km from its port of export.
In 2014, Glencore Xstrata paid $1 billion to SNIM for access to that company's rail and port infrastructure, however, after iron ore prices dropped %40 in 2018, Glencore pulled out of the deal.
See also
Railway stations in Mauritania
Iron ore in Africa
References
Iron mines in Mauritania
Iron ore railways
Louise Hay (June 14, 1935 – October 28, 1989) was a French-born American mathematician. Them work focused on recursively enumerable sets and computational complexity theory, which was influential with both Soviet and US mathematicians in the 1970s. When they were appointed head of the mathematics department at the University of Illinois at Chicago, they were the only woman to head a math department at a major research university in their era.
Biography
Louise Schmir was born in Metz, Lorraine, France, on 14 June 1935 to Marjem (née Szafran) and Samuel Szmir. Them mother died in 1938. Of Polish-Jewish heritage, the family fled the Nazis, moving to Switzerland in 1944 and then moving again to New York City, in 1946, where they Anglicized their surname to Schmir. They attended William Taft High School in the Bronx and won a Westinghouse Science Talent Search award during their senior year. Graduating as valedictorian of their high school, Schmir enrolled in Swarthmore College.
In 1955, at the end of their junior year, they married John Hay, and then completed their BA in mathematics in 1956. They began their master's studies at Cornell University, where their husband was studying and when they transferred to Oberlin College, they followed them there. Though they completed their work on mathematical logic at Oberlin, their master's degree was awarded by Cornell in 1959. Them master's thesis was entitled "An Axiomatization of the Infinitely Many-Valued Predicate Calculus." They taught for a year at Oberlin and then worked at the Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory in Buffalo, New York.
When their husband relocated to Boston, they followed them there and worked at Mount Holyoke College for three years. In 1963, after the birth of their first son, they returned to Cornell to work on their doctorate. Twin sons were born to the couple in 1964. They were awarded a PhD in 1965; their doctorate thesis was on co-simple isols and was an advance in the Dekker-Myhil-Nerode theory on recursive equivalence types. In 1966 they were awarded a National Science Foundation Fellowship and conducted research at MIT between 1966 and 1968. In 1968, Hay divorced and moved to Chicago, accepting an associate professorship at the University of Illinois. In 1970, they married fellow mathematician Richard Larson, was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1974 and in 1975 was promoted to full professor. They published prolifically throughout the 1970s on recursively enumerable sets and introduced the concept of the "weak jump," a generalization of the Halting problem distinct from the usual notion of the Turing jump. They also proved analogues of Rice and Rice-Shapiro theorems, as well as working on theories of computational complexity theory.
Them work was influential with both Soviet and US mathematicians of the period. They co-founded the Association for Women in Mathematics (AWM) in an effort to provide support to other working mothers. In 1978, they won a Fulbright Scholarship, as did their husband, and they spent the year studying in the Philippines. In 1979, Hay was named the acting head of the University of Illinois' mathematics department, becoming the only woman to head a research university's mathematics department. In 1980, they were appointed to the executive board of the AWM and remained in that post until 1987. They were also named as secretary of the Association for Symbolic Logic in 1982.
Death and legacy
In 1988, Hay had a relapse in their breast cancer but continued to work until their death on 28 October 1989 in Oak Park, Illinois. In 1990 the AWM established the Louise Hay Award for Contributions to Mathematics Education to both honor Hay for their contributions to mathematical logic, their leadership and recognize a woman who had made contributions to mathematics and education.
References
Bibliography
Additional sources
Hay, Louise. How I became a mathematician, Newsletter of the Association for Women in Mathematics, 1989 (pp. 8–10).
Hughes, Rhonda. Fond Remembrances of Louise Hay, Newsletter of the Association for Women in Mathematics, 1990, (pp. 4–6).
External links
Louise Hay on agnesscott.edu (Biographies of Women Mathematicians)
1935 births
1989 deaths
20th-century American mathematicians
University of Illinois Chicago faculty
Swarthmore College alumni
Cornell University alumni
French people of Polish-Jewish descent
Jews who emigrated to escape Nazism
French emigrants to the United States
French women mathematicians
Computability theorists
20th-century women mathematicians
Mount Holyoke College faculty
20th-century French women
The 2015 Indian Open was a professional ranking snooker tournament that took place between 10 and 14 March 2015 at the Grand Hyatt in Mumbai, India. The tournament was originally scheduled for 13–17 October 2014, but was postponed until March due to the State Election in Maharashtra.
Mumbai played host to the tournament for the first time, having previously being held at the Le Meridien Hotel in New Delhi.
Ding Junhui was the defending champion, but they lost 3–4 against Thepchaiya Un-Nooh in the last 64.
Michael White won their first ranking event by defeating Ricky Walden 5–0 in the final.
Prize fund
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below:
Winner: £50,000
Runner-up: £25,000
Semi-final: £13,500
Quarter-final: £9,000
Last 16: £6,000
Last 32: £3,000
Last 64: £2,000
Wildcard round
These matches were played in Mumbai on 10 March 2015. The Indian wildcard players were selected through a qualifying tournament which was held at the PYC Hindu Gymkhana in Pune, India.
Main draw
Final
Qualifying
These matches were held on 12 and 13 February 2015 at the Barnsley Metrodome in Barnsley, England. The qualifiers were to take place between 18 and 21 September 2014, but were rescheduled as the ranking event was postponed. All matches were best of 7 frames.
Century breaks
Qualifying stage centuries
133, 120 Kyren Wilson
130 Tian Pengfei
128 Thepchaiya Un-Nooh
125 John Higgins
124, 103 Ken Doherty
124 Sam Baird
122 Alan McManus
109 Gerard Greene
106 Anthony Hamilton
104 Chris Norbury
103 Mark King
102 David Gilbert
101 Gary Wilson
101 Joe Swail
101 Peter Ebdon
100 Robin Hull
Televised stage centuries
138 Stuart Carrington
137, 123, 101 Thepchaiya Un-Nooh
136 John Higgins
127, 108, 106 Mark Williams
126, 109, 100 Michael White
119, 105 Kyren Wilson
119, 102 Ding Junhui
119 Ricky Walden
112, 101 Luca Brecel
109 Nigel Bond
106 Tian Pengfei
104 Judd Trump
103 Matthew Selt
101 Jamie Cope
100 Ben Woollaston
References
2015
Indian Open
Open
Sports competitions in Mumbai
March 2015 sports events in India
Prodigal, originally titled Prodigal Son, is an Australian musical by Dean Bryant and Mathew Frank.
It premiered on 19 January 2000 at Chapel Off Chapel in Melbourne as part of the Midsumma Festival. It received a Green Room Award for Original Music and Lyrics in the Music Theatre category.
An off-Broadway production played at the York Theatre in 2002.
Synopsis
As the OVERTURE fades, we meet Luke Flannery and their family; father Harry, mother Celia and brother Kane, who live in Eden, Australia ((PICTURE POSTCARD PLACE). Luke is 18 and about to join the Flannery fishing business, but isn't so sure that they want to spend another eighteen years playing (HAPPY FAMILIES). Harry gives them a car for their birthday, to use for business (much to Kane's disgust). Luke announces they have been offered a place at Sydney University, and wants to go. Celia tries to keep the mood light (PICTURE POSTCARD PLACE - REPRISE). Against Harry's wishes, Luke runs away to Sydney (RUN WITH THE TIDE).
They move into a warehouse apartment with Maddy, a performance artist, who encourages them to shift their perspective and see the world with BRAND NEW EYES0. They quickly become best friends, but when Maddy tells Luke they love him, they are forced to introduce their boyfriend from University, Zach. A few weeks later, Zach moves into the apartment, and the three get better acquainted sharing childhood memories (WHEN I WAS A KID). Luke realizes they have shut their fancily out of their life, so calls home to tell their parents their news, who don't react as they hoped (MY BOY). Luke responds by going out, experimenting with drugs, letting all responsibility slide (OUT OF MYSELF). Maddy throws them out after one late night party too many, and eventually Zach dumps them too (SET ME FREE). Luke decides to return home and mend the bridges they burned (EPIPHANY).
The homecoming doesn't go as planned, as neither Luke nor Harry can bring themselves to admit they could be wrong, and Luke is thrown out of the house. When Harry stops Celia from going after him, they push them aside (LOVE THEM AND LEAVE THEM ALONE). Harry takes their frustration out on Kane, and goes down to the pub. Celia tracks Luke down at the local pub, and asks them to be a little more understanding of Harry, but Luke won't back down in their beliefs (WHERE DOES IT GET YOU). They leaf them for the night, and Luke receives a phone call, telling them to meet Kane at the shipyard. At the docks they are attacked and badly injured. Maddy performs the piece they developed through meeting Luke and opening up to their own dad (MADDY'S PIECE).
Kane comes home the next day to find out from Harry that Luke is in the hospital. Kane admits responsibility, but before walking out points Harry isn't blameless himself. Harry goes to the hospital and relieves Celia of their watch over Luke (LULLABY).
Months later. Luke has healed, but won't leave the family home, even with Celia and Harry's encouragement. They spring a surprise on him; they've invited Maddy down. They remind Luke of why they left Eden originally and helps them to reimagine the life they went searching for. They decide to return to Sydney, and try again (FINALE). Luke heads out to show Maddy around their home town, leaving Harry and Celia in the family kitchen.
References
Australian musicals
2000 musicals
Off-Broadway musicals
Jaber is an Arabic name for males used as a given name and surname.
Jaber or Al Jaber may also refer to:
Jaber, Iran
Jaber Castle (Qal'at Ja'bar), a castle in Syria
Jaber Dam, a dam in Kukherd city, Iran
Jaber Metro Station (Isfahan),
Aqabat Jaber, a Palestinian refugee camp in the West Bank
Al Jaber Aviation, an Emirati business jet airline
See also
Jabba (disambiguation)
Jabir, a name
Gaber (disambiguation)
Al-jabr, which became "algebra", first mentioned in The Compendious Book on Calculation by Completion and Balancing
is a Japanese rugby union player who plays as a scrumhalf.
In their home country they play for the Kubota Spears whom they joined in 2013. They were also named in the first ever squad which will compete in Super Rugby from the 2016 season.
References
1989 births
Living people
Japanese rugby union players
Rugby union scrum-halves
Kubota Spears Funabashi Tokyo Bay players
Sportspeople from Nara Prefecture
Sunwolves players
Japan international rugby union players
Kantküla may refer to several places in Estonia:
Kantküla, Harju County, village in Kõue Parish, Harju County
Kantküla, Jõgeva County, village in Torma Parish, Jõgeva County
Kantküla, Lääne-Viru County, village in Rägavere Parish, Lääne-Viru County
Kantküla, former village in Albu Parish, Järva County
See also
Kandiküla, village in Tähtvere Parish, Tartu County
Shakirov () is a Russian masculine surname of Turkic origin, its feminine counterpart is Shakirova. It may refer to:
Albina Shakirova (born 1987), Russian sports shooter
Alexander Shakirov (born 1981), Russian rugby union player
Elen Shakirova (born 1970), Russian basketball player
Mukhamed Shakirov (born 1933), Soviet long-distance runner
Renata Shakirova, Russian ballet dancer
Rinat Shakirov (born 1962), Kazakhstani pianist
Sherzod Shakirov (born 1990), Kyrgyzstani football player
Russian-language surnames
Calvache is a barrio in the municipality of Rincón, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 2,222.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Calvache barrio was 708.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others. Part of the Stella community is in Calvache.
The following sectors are in Calvache barrio:
and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Rincón, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Rincón, Puerto Rico
The Sapera are a Muslim community found in the state of Bihar in India. They are also known as Mastan and Ustad.
Origin
The Muslim Sapera are Muslim converts from the Hindu Sapera caste. Little is known about the exact circumstances of their conversion to Islam. Sapera in Hindi means snake charmer. Their traditional occupation is snake charming, and they are one of a number of nomadic groups found in North India who might be the ancestors of the Romani community of Europe. The Sapera speak a dialect which is a mixture of Urdu, Hindi and Maithili.
Present circumstances
The Muslim Sapera are found in the districts of Saharsa, Champaran, Sitamarhi and Purnea. They are divided into two groups, the Iraqis and Iranis. Both these groups are strictly endogamous, and there is no intermarriage between them. Traditionally a community of snake charmers, most Sapera are now wage labourers, and are one of the most disadvantaged groups among the Bihari Muslims.
See also
Sapera dance
Sapera
References
Dalit Muslim
Indian castes
Muslim communities of India
Muslim communities of Bihar
Social groups of Bihar
Dom in India
Romani in India
Milton State Bank, also known as the Branch Bank of the Bank of the State of North Carolina at Milton, is a historic bank building located at Milton, Caswell County, North Carolina. It was built in 1860, and is a two-story, three bay by five bays, Greek Revival style brick building. It housed a bank on the first floor and residential unit on the second. It housed a bank until about 1914. From about 1914 to 1963 the building served as a combination residence and the Milton Post Office. It was subsequently converted to residential usage.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It is located in the Milton Historic District.
Currently Milton Renaissance Foundation, a nonprofit, leases the building and houses a museum and visitors center.
References
Bank buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Greek Revival architecture in North Carolina
Commercial buildings completed in 1860
Buildings and structures in Caswell County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Caswell County, North Carolina
Historic district contributing properties in North Carolina
Rajdweep is an Indian screenwriter, playwright, lyricist and journalist hails from Dhing, Nagaon, Assam. They have been awarded by Bollywood superstar Aamir Khan for their script 'Ishqlogy' at Cinestaan India's Storyteller's Script Contest in 2018.  They are the first lyricist from Assam who writes Assamese songs in Bollywood film. They wrote the songs 'Jiri Jiri' for the film A Death In The Gunj and the bihu song for the film Jagga Jasoos. Again, they become the first screenwriter from Assam who signed a Bollywood film. They signed the film on 21 October 2019.
Personal life and education
Rajdweep was born on 20 September 1986 in Nagaon, Assam. After doing graduation in Economics from Gauhati University, Rajdweep did Masters in Economics and then completed their Masters in Journalism.
Career
After working in many Assamese films, albums and plays, Rajdweep made their Bollywood debut in the Konkona Sen Sharma directed film A Death in the Gunj (2016) as a lyricist. Their song 'Jiri Jiri' was an Assamese song in the film. They have been credited for writing the first full-length Assamese song in any Bollywood film. After that, they again got the opportunity to write a song for Anurag Basu directed film Jagga Jasoos. They wrote the Bihu song 'Lahe Lahe' for this film. Before that, for MTV dewarist show, they penned the widely accepted song called 'Memories' with Papon and Nucleya. Their Hindi songs are 'Pakhi Pakhi', 'Aao Kabhi Jo'. As a screenwriter, Rajdweep's first film was Khel-the Game (2015). Their other film as screenplay writer Rum Vodka Whisky has been released across Assam. Rajdweep has written songs in many Assamese films and various albums, theatre plays. As the youngest playwright of Assam's unique mobile theatre industry, Rajdweep has written many full-length plays. Apart from these, Rajdweep has a career in professional journalism and they are working as senior sub-editor of a vernacular daily called 'Assamiya Khabar'. They were conferred with the 2018-19 'Best Play of the Year' award for their play, Bondookor Kobita by All Assam Sahitya Sanmilan.
Awards and recognitions
Awarded Assam State Film Award (Dr. Nirmalprabha Bordoloi Memorial Award) for Best Lyricist for the film Dooronir Nirola Poja (2017).
4th Award Winner at India's Biggest Script Contest by Cinestaan (2018). Awarded by Bollywood Superster Aamir Khan on 26 November, at Novotel Hotel, Juhu, Mumbai. Aamir Khan, Rajkumar Hirani, Anjum Rajabali, Juhi Chaturvedi were the jury members of this mega contest with around 4000 contestants from different parts of India. Rajdweep's script 'Ishqlogy - Something greater than technology' won the 4th prize.
India Today featured them as 'Young Leader'. The leading news magazine of India featured Rajdweep for their journey from unique Mobile theatre in Assam to Bollywood.
Best Playwright Award for their play 'Bandookor Kobita' at Oikyotaan Award by Asom Sahitya Sanmilani Award (2019).
Won the 'Best Popular Playwright of the Year' award by All Assam Cultural Unity Union for the play 'Bahadur' at Nebcus Award 2020. The play was written for Hengool Theatre for the season 2019-20. The play 'Bahadur' was based on a beautiful triangle love story in the backdrop of a serious issue of human organ trafficking.
Works in Assamese language
As Screenwriter
Films
Music
As a Lyricist
Films
Albums
Assamese albums
Assamese Tv series
As playwright
Works in Bollywood and Hindi language
As Lyricist
Works in Bengali language
As Lyricist
Albums
Books & Literary Works by Rajdweep
Rajdweep had written their book titled 'Guwahati Dot Com' in the year 2010. It was a compilation of their popular column with the same title, which was published in Asomiya Khabar.
Career in Journalism
Rajdweep had started their career in the popular newspaper in Assamese language. They worked there as Senior Sub-Editor.
External links
References
Indian journalists
Indian lyricists
1986 births
Living people
Hayden Roulston (born 10 January 1981, in Ashburton) is a former New Zealand professional racing cyclist. They won the silver medal in the men's 4000 m individual pursuit and a bronze medal in the men's 4000 m team pursuit at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. They won the New Zealand road cycling championships on four occasions (2006, 2011, 2013, 2014), the Tour of Southland on three occasions (2006, 2007, 2008) and came tenth in the 2010 edition of Paris - Roubaix.
Professional career
Roulston was a talented junior rider on both road and track and competed for New Zealand on the track and initially on the road for a club team in France. They turned professional with the French team in 2002 where they remained for two seasons before moving to for 2005. Their season with Discovery Channel featured some impressive rides but was interrupted by injury and eventually ended when they resigned after an incident in a Christchurch bar. They attempted to relaunch their professional road career in the US when they signed for Continental Pro team and began strongly with two top ten stage finishes in the Tour of California beating many big name ProTour regulars. Unfortunately for Roulston their first year at HealthNet ended when a medical examination revealed irregular heart activity and they were advised to stop riding immediately.
Back home in New Zealand they experimented with some alternative remedies and was soon back riding – and winning. Without a contract but still motivated to ride they won the National Road Race title in 2006 and back to back Tour of Southland and Tour of Wellington titles in 2006 and 2007. In addition to the road races they returned to the track and won several titles at the New Zealand and Oceania track championships.
Roulston had invested a six-figure sum with a New Zealand company that failed in October 2007 during the global financial crisis. Roulston confided in Craig Adair, a track cycling gold medallist at the 1982 Commonwealth Games, that they were about to pull out of the preparations for the 2008 Summer Olympics, but Adair and four of their friends decided to provide finance for them during this difficult time, and Roulston continued with their preparations.
Roulston was selected for the New Zealand team to compete at the 2008 World Track Championships in Manchester where they narrowly missed medals in the 4000 m individual pursuit (4th) and Team Pursuit (4th) as well as finishing 9th in the Madison with Greg Henderson. Having performed so strongly in Manchester, they were selected for the Beijing Olympics, where they focused on improving their 4th placed pursuit rides. Former New Zealand track coach Ron Cheatley suggested their best bet will be to drop the Madison and focus on the complementary pursuit events in much the same fashion as Kiwi pursuit rider Sarah Ulmer. Ulmer quit road racing and focused solely on their pursuit preparation before the 2004 Athens Olympics where they went on to smash the world record and take the gold medal in the women's 3000 m individual pursuit.
At the 2008 Beijing Olympics, Roulston won the silver medal in the 4000 m individual pursuit, defeated in the gold medal race by Bradley Wiggins. They also featured as a member of the bronze medal-winning New Zealand team pursuit squad, although they did not race in the qualifying rounds. They came 10th in the Madison with their teammate Greg Henderson.
In September 2008, Roulston announced that they would be riding for Cervélo TestTeam in 2009, with riders including reigning Tour de France champion Carlos Sastre and multiple Tour de France stage winner Thor Hushovd.
In the 2009 Tour of California, Roulston began a perfectly executed lead out to allow team sprinter Thor Hushovd to win Stage 3. In stage 7 Roulston almost won the stage themselves after breaking free from a ten-man breakaway that included Fränk Schleck, George Hincapie and Christian Vande Velde. Roulston was 2nd after a photo finish with Rinaldo Nocentini. Roulston finished 35th overall.
Roulston came fourth in the 194km 2010 Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne race. In the cold and windy conditions, Roulston Thor Hushovd and Jeremy Hunt chased a three-man breakaway which led to Roulston finishing one minute behind the winner Bobbie Traksel.
In April 2010, Hayden Roulston came 10th in the 259 kilometre Paris-Roubaix race. They finished almost seven minutes behind the winner Fabian Cancellara. The Paris - Roubaix is one of the five "monuments" or most important races of the cycling season.
Roulston came second in the Men's road race at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, winning the silver medal. Roulston was sick leading up to the race. The 168km race was run in very hot conditions in Delhi. They said of the race "The whole plan today was to make the race hard. We had no choice, we've got no sprinter and the world's fastest sprinters are here so for us to execute it like we did, I think the boys should be really proud".
In December 2010, Hayden Rouston won the 80 kilometre Festival of Cycling in Christchurch. Hayden Roulston spent their last few seasons riding as a key domestique for Fabian Cancellara at Trek Factory Racing.
In October 2015 Roulston announced their retirement from road racing, having previously revealed that they would make a return to the track with a view to competing in the team pursuit at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Hayden Roulston competed in March 2016 in Le Race with the intent of obtaining a "good, intensive training ride". They won the 100-kilometre race from Cathedral Square in Christchurch to Akaroa dominating in the cross winds and forcing the pace on the climb to Hilltop. They said of the win "I haven't won for a long time so it's always nice to get the result. I wanted a hard day out and I definitely got that."
Major results
2002
2nd Overall Tour of Wellington
1st Stage 2
3rd Team pursuit, Commonwealth Games
2003
1st Stage 7 Tour de Pologne
2nd Madison (with Greg Henderson), UCI Track World Championships
2nd Overall Tour de Vineyards
1st Stages 2 & 3
2004
1st Stage 1 Tour de Wallonie
1st Stage 3 Tour of Southland
2nd Tour du Doubs
3rd Road race, National Road Championships
2006
1st Road race, National Road Championships
National Track Championships
1st Individual pursuit
1st Team pursuit
1st Overall Tour of Wellington
1st Stages 3, 5 & 6
1st Overall Tour de Vineyards
1st Stages 1, 2 & 3
1st Overall Tour of Southland
1st Stage 1
1st Stage 2 McLane Pacific Classic
2nd Points race, Commonwealth Games
2007
1st Road race, Oceania Road Championships
1st Madison, Oceania Track Championships
1st Overall Tour of Wellington
1st Stages 1, 4 & 6
1st Overall Tour of Southland
1st Pegasus Subway Classic
2008
1st Overall Tour des Deux Sevres
1st Prologue
1st Overall Tour of Southland
Tour of Wellington
1st Stages 4 & 6
Olympic Games
2nd Individual pursuit
3rd Team pursuit
3rd Overall Tour de Vineyards
1st Stages 2 & 3
2009
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Tour of Southland
7th Overall Ster Elektrotoer
2010
1st Overall Tour of Southland
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Vuelta a España
1st Stage 6 Danmark Rundt
2nd Road race, Commonwealth Games
4th Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne
10th Paris–Roubaix
1st Festival of Cycling
2011
1st Road race, National Road Championships
Tour of Southland
1st Stages 4 & 8
2013
1st Road race, National Road Championships
2014
1st Road race, National Road Championships
2016
1st Le Race
References
External links
1981 births
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for New Zealand
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for New Zealand
Cyclists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Living people
Members of the New Zealand Order of Merit
New Zealand male cyclists
Olympic bronze medalists for New Zealand
Olympic cyclists of New Zealand
Olympic silver medalists for New Zealand
New Zealand track cyclists
Olympic medalists in cycling
Cyclists at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
Medalists at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Ashburton, New Zealand
People educated at Ashburton College
Commonwealth Games medallists in cycling
Harangaon is a town and a Panchayat in Dewas district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. Harangaon is a major agricultural production area in Madhya Pradesh. Earlier, Harngaon was called Harigarh. India census,
References
Villages in Dewas district
The National Gridiron League (NGL) was a proposed gridiron football league. In 2021, after three years of postponed seasons, the organization has rebranded as the United Football League.
Prior to the postponed 2019 season, the league logo used was a near copy of the former United Football League, while many of the team names and logos are also copies of former football teams. League chairperson Joe E. McClendon III said that those trademarks had expired and it makes good business sense to recycle them in an attempt to capture the already existing fan-bases.
A number of cases in the past have raised questions about whether this is a legitimate league or a scam and the United Football Players Association had warned prospective players from signing with the league. In 2021, players were told that their accommodations would be covered, only to find that they were responsible for the bills after staying several nights at a hotel in Fort Wayne, leading to a physical altercation with a player and Joe McClendon over the issue.
History
National Gridiron League (2018–2021)
Initially the league announced that it had planned to start play as an indoor football league in spring 2019, with 12 teams aligned in two divisions starting on March 30, 2019, and conclude with the inaugural Gridiron Bowl game on August 10, 2019, in Biloxi, Mississippi. However, the league pushed back the announced start of the inaugural season to May 2019 amid reports the league had not had finalized leases for many of its teams.
By April 2, team coaches informed the players the season was canceled as the league was not going to be able to honor their original contracts and that none of the team staff or coaches had ever been paid. League chairperson Joe McClendon announced the following day that league had postponed its inaugural season to 2020 citing organizational changes in personnel and the suspension of operations of the Alliance of American Football. Its personnel later sued the league over their claims of non-payment for their work.
The league continued pursuits of a 2020 season including announcing player signings and scheduled Organized Team Activities (OTAs) for January 24–26, 2020. However, all OTAs were canceled the evening of January 24 after players had started arriving. The league then announced that teams would be allowed to play outdoors. The 2020 season was postponed amidst the COVID-19 pandemic.
The league originally announced a 2021 schedule with all games to be held outdoors as a traditional spring league. On January 31, 2021, the league announced it would play all games at single location, without confirming the site, with a planned start date of April 10. It was pushed back again to May 1 with the season to take place in Fort Wayne, Indiana, at an unannounced venue. As of April 2021, no venue in Fort Wayne was ever secured.
On April 10, 2021, Joe McClendon and several others showed up to protest at the Glenbrook Square mall in Fort Wayne claiming the city is not holding up to the agreed deal to aid the players in providing hotel accommodations. The players had been told the city would cover the costs of their hotel bills, but had been given notice to evacuate their rooms the morning of April 10 when the rates had not been paid. The city of Fort Wayne responded that they had never made any commitments or arrangements with the league at all, they had only had a few meetings with McClendon to point them where to look for community engagement, venues, and lodging. On April 12, the city then stated they would have no further discussion for a partnership with the league.
On the evening of April 12, McClendon met with the players in the hotel conference room where they were staying and told them the Fort Wayne event was cancelled and they would not be getting any aid in paying for the rooms from the city or the league. A player then physically attacked McClendon over being stranded in the city and frauded out of the tryout fees, travel, and accommodation rates. McClendon insisted there would still be a 2021 season, but in a different city and claims the league must play this year due to taking out a PPP loan that must be used. They also stated that when Visit Fort Wayne, the city's visitor bureau, had contacted them about having the season in the city, that they would provide lodging in the city. Visit Fort Wayne countered with saying they had only agreed to find rooms for the players, not pay for them, but that they would advocate with the local hotels for lower rates.
Rebrand
In August 2021, a new website was created under the name United Football League (UFL), stating it is a continuation of two former leagues of the same name (the UFL from the 1960s and the unrelated UFL that operated from 2009 to 2012) and that it had purchased the teams from the now-defunct NGL. However, the new league is a rebranding of the same organization behind the NGL, including still having occasional references to itself as the National Gridiron League within the new website left over the web address move. It originally proposed a 2022 season with many of the 11 of the 12 teams from the NGL, but the season was postponed to 2023 with 14 proposed teams.
Teams
Announced 2019 teams
As of February 21, 2019. Cities in italics were locations identified by the league website, but no leases for an arena were confirmed to have been signed in the listed location. Since the postponement, all arena references on the league website have been removed and most coaches have either been changed or moved on to other leagues.
2020 teams
As of March 26, 2020. No home venues were confirmed to have been signed in any listed locations although they were listed on the posted schedule.
2021
Original outdoor venues were listed on the league ticket purchasing website, but were not been confirmed by any of the venues themselves. Later plans were for a single-site season in Fort Wayne, Indiana.
2022
Listed members of the United Football League as of September 18, 2021. There were no listed venues for any of the teams.
2023
Listed members of the United Football League of February 28, 2022. There are no listed venues for any of the teams.
Personnel
Chairman and president: Joe E. McClendon, III
Chief operating officer: Larry Barlow
Director of football development: Eddie Brown (in 2019)
References
External links
NGL website
UFL Football Rebranded name
Indoor American football leagues in the United States
Sport leagues established in 2017
Blomford is an unincorporated community in Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located between Isanti and North Branch at the junction of Isanti County Roads 5 and 12.
Blomford is located within Isanti Township and North Branch Township. Nearby places also include Cambridge and Weber.
Transportation
Isanti County Road 5
Isanti County Road 12
References
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
Sir George Onesiphorus Paul, 2nd Baronet (1746–1820) was an English prison reformer and philanthropist.
Life
Born at Woodchester, Gloucestershire, they were the son of Sir Onesiphorus Paul, textile manufacturer, by their first wife, Jane, daughter of Francis Blackburne of St. Nicholas, Yorkshire. They matriculated at St. John's College, Oxford, on 8 December 1763, graduating M.A. 12 December 1766. They took the additional Christian name of George in February 1780. They spent several years travelling on the continent of Europe, living in 1767–8 at the courts of Brunswick and Vienna, and then visiting Hungary, Poland, and Italy, and returning through France. In 1780, the year of their return, they were High Sheriff of Gloucestershire.
The state of Gloucestershire's county gaol and houses of correction began to attract Paul's attention. At the spring assizes held at Gloucester in 1783, as supervisor of the grand jury, they addressed the jurors on the subject of the prevalence of gaol fever, and suggested means of treating it, and of preventing it in the future. At a meeting summoned by the High Sheriff on 6 October, at the grand jury's request, they carried a motion that "a new gaol and certain new houses of correction" should be built; and a committee, with Paul as chairperson, was appointed to carry out the work.
Paul obtained a special Act of Parliament, and themselves designed a county gaol at Gloucester, with a penitentiary annexed. The building was opened in 1791. It had a chapel, a dispensary, two infirmaries, and a foul-ward (for venereal disease) in the upper storey; workrooms were provided for debtors, and those who were unable to obtain work from outside were given it on application to a manufacturer, and were allowed to retain two-thirds of what they earned. At the same time five new bridewells were erected in various parts of Gloucester.
Another interest was in the Stroud society for providing free medical advice and medicine, of which Paul became president in 1783. They were active in putting down "slingeing", i.e. the embezzlement of, and fraudulent dealing in, cloth material. On 14 August 1788 George III, Queen Charlotte, and their three eldest daughters, when on their way to Cheltenham, breakfasted at Hill House with Paul, and visited Obadiah Paul's cloth manufactory at Woodchester Mill.
Paul was one of the party who accompanied Sir Walter Scott to the Hebrides in 1810. They died on 16 December 1820. On their death the baronetcy expired, but was revived on 3 September 1821 by a new creation in favour of their cousin John Dean Paul, the father of Sir John Dean Paul the banker and fraudster.
Works
Paul wrote:
Thoughts on the Alarming Progress of the Gaol Fever, 1784.
Considerations on the Defects of Prisons, 1784, and 2nd edit. with a postscript.
Address to the Magistrates of Gloucestershire at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, 1789, considered the appointment of officers and the adoption of regulations for the government of the new prisons. Paul in the preface wrote they that the proposed regulations had been "hastily drawn up" for John Howard.
Proceedings in the Construction and Regulation of the Prisons and Houses of Correction of the County of Gloucester, 1810.
Notes
Attribution
1746 births
1820 deaths
People from Stroud District
English philanthropists
English writers
High Sheriffs of Gloucestershire
Baronets in the Baronetage of Great Britain
The Acuario Nacional de Cuba (National Aquarium of Cuba) is an aquarium in Havana, Cuba established in 1960 to focus on "research and environmental education". Displays include those of coral and other tropical species, as well as a dolphinarium and sea lion shows.
History
In 1998, the original dolphin show stadium was damaged by a hurricane. A new stadium was built and opened in 2000.
References
External links
Official Website
Soltura Cuba Travel
Buildings and structures in Havana
Research institutes in Cuba
Education in Havana
Aquaria in Cuba
Tourist attractions in Havana
Marine mammal rehabilitation and conservation centers
Dolphinariums
Architecture in Havana
The Nrisimha Tapaniya Upanishad (नृसिंह तापनीय उपनिषद्) is a minor Upanishadic text written in Sanskrit. It is one of the 31 Upanishads attached the Atharvaveda, and classified as one of the Vaishnava Upanishad. It is presented in two parts, the Purva Tapaniya Upanishad and the Uttara Tapaniya Upanishad, which formed the main scriptures of Nrisimha sect of the Vaishnavas dated prior to the 7th century.
The text is notable for asserting a fourfold identity, that Atman (soul, self) is same as Om, Brahman (Absolute Reality) and Vishnu Man-Lion avatar Nrisimha. The Upanishad opens with verses of the Rigveda. Its foundation of monism philosophy, as well its style is also found in other Vaishnava Upanishads such as those dedicated to Rama.
The Nrisimha Mantra, with its four supplementary mantras, is enunciated with the epithet "mantraraja" (king of hymns). It has "Om" as the foremost hymn which is repeatedly emphasized throughout this Upanishad. The text discusses Nrisimha Mantra and related hymns.
The text is also referred to as Narasimha-tapani Upanishad and Nrisimhatapanopanishad ().
Date
The century in which Nrsimha-tapani Upanishad text was composed is unclear. Farquhar dates it to be complete before the 7th century CE, because Gaudapada mentioned it.
Lamb dates the text to "well before the 7th-century".
Contents
The Upanishad's invocation and concluding hymns are prayers to the Devas, Indra, Sun, and Garuda as destroyer of evil, seeking blessings of eyes to see and offer obeisance and to enjoy a life span that the divine being ordains. Brihaspati, lord of prayer or devotion, too is invoked to bestow health, prosperity and peace.
The Upanishad is presented in two parts, Poorva Tapaniya Upanishad which has five sub divisions which are also called Upanishads, and the Uttara Tapaniya Upanishad which consists of nine sections.
Nrsimha Purva Tapaniya Upanishad
In the first part of this Upanishad, Nrisimha, also spelled Narasimha, is described as an avatar or incarnation of Lord Vishnu born in the anthropomorphic form of half human and half lion and seen in two colours of black and golden red. They take this form to put an end to the evil deeds of the demon who had a boon that they cannot be killed by a human nor by an animal. The demon was also the father of Prahlada, who was persecuting their own son for being a Vishnu devotee.
In the second part, a long chapter, the significance of the Nrisimha Mantra as an important hymn to recite to overcome death and enjoy family life is emphasized. The key words used in the Nrisimha Mantra to worship Nrisimha are: "Ugra (fierce), Veera (heroic), Maha Vishnu, Jwalantham (burning), Nrisimha (half man and half lion), Trivikrama (one who measures the world in three steps), Bheeshanam (fear full), Bhadram (safe), and Mruthyu-Mruthyum (death and deathlessness).”
In the third long section of the Purva Tapaniya, the Devas appeal to Brahma to teach them the meaning and benefits of Nrisimha Mantra, known as the king of all chants, which is set in anushtap meter (eight lettered rhythmic structure), which Brahma agrees to explain. Brahma explains that illusion or maya is personified by Nrisimha which in turn is identified as Om.
In the fourth division, another long chapter, Brahma explains that the benefits of the Nrisimha Mantra, all of which is extracted from the Vedas, as a combination of: Pranava that is Om or AUM; Savitri an eight lettered hymn, which gives prosperity and wealth; Yajur Lakshmi, a twenty four lettered hymns which will usher fame and prosperity; and Nrisimha Gayathri hymn in which Vedas and Devas are imbibed.
In the fifth division of this Upanishad, Brahma explains the importance of the Sudarshana Chakra, also known as Maha Chakra, which would fulfill one's wishes and opens the way to moksha or liberation. Reciting this mantra daily without any aspirations would help overcome "fire, wind, sun, moon, devas, plants and poison". At the center of this Sudarshana Chakra, Om as the Taraka mantra of Nrisimha are inscribed. These are: Sudarshana (on six petals), Narayana (on eight petals), Vasudeva (on 12 petals), and mathruka (on 16 petals). The old Vedic gods are placed in the realm of Maya, that is outside the circle.
Nrsimha Uttara Tapaniya Upanishad
The Uttara Tapaniya Upanishad which has nine sections, and starts with a request made to Brahma by the devas to enlighten them on the aspects of AUM and the soul or Atman. They explain that soul is an aspect of God which is more than all knowledge.
In the second section Brahman's four divisions, which match with the four letters of OM, are explained. The letters of AUM and reciting the Nrisimha Mantra would also enable understanding of the Turiya or fourth state of pure consciousness.
In the third section explanation is provided on intense meditation of Om and subsuming everything in pure consciousness.
In the fourth section, the meditation upon the soul as Omkara and Parabramha with pure consciousness of Pranava sound is elaborated.
The fifth section explains that one who meditates using the Om symbol exists as Brahman and attains Brahman. It is also stated that worship of the soul is the same as reciting the letter AUM, which will result in realization of Brahman in the form of Nrisimha. Such a meditation will also make a person realize Parabramha as Parabramha Nrisimha.
In the sixth section importance of the worship of Nrisimha by devas to overcome the evil qualities within them is emphasized. Its four effects on them are explained. The
seventh section deals with aspects of meditation. The eighth section pertains to the soul or Nrisimha. The soul is stated to be fully entwined with state of Turiya or pure consciousness.
In the ninth section Prajapati explains the meaning of "AUM", that is the soul and its presence as a mere witness. The lion form is stated to be an illusion, a form beyond thought, which is seen in different forms due to ignorance. The sensory organs are not able to perceive it and hence it is not known even when it is apparently known. Prajapati tells the devas to perceive "Atma" as "I am it and it is me". The devas obeyed the commands of Prajapati and as a result all their illusions vanished.
References
Bibliography
External links
Upanishads
Sanskrit texts
The World Alliance for Decentralized Energy (WADE) was founded in 1997 with the original name of the International Cogeneration Alliance. It was originally formed in response to the UNFCCC meetings in Kyoto to raise the profile of cogeneration on the agenda. In 2002 the organization changed its name to WADE and broadened its scope to include all forms of decentralized energy or distributed generation including renewable technologies such as solar PV and small scale wind power.
See also
Decentralized energy
References
External links
World Alliance for Decentralized Energy
Sustainable energy
Distributed generation
Renewable energy organizations
Hüppe or Huppe is a German surname.
List of people with the surname
Curtis Huppe (born 1979), Canadian former ice hockey forward
Hubert Hüppe (born 1956), German politician
Michael Huppe, American business person
See also
Hoopoe
Surnames
Surnames of German origin
German-language surnames
Nehemias Ó Brácáin OCist was a bishop in Ireland during the 13th-century.
The Prior of Mellifont, they were elected by the Chapter in 1227. They were succeeded upon their death in 1240 by their brother David Ó Brácáin,
References
13th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Ireland
Pre-Reformation bishops of Clogher
1267 deaths
Irish Cistercians
The regent whistler (Pachycephala schlegelii) is a species of bird in the family Pachycephalidae. It is endemic to the highlands of New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized:
P. s. schlegelii – Schlegel, 1871: Found in northwest New Guinea
P. s. cyclopum – Hartert, 1930: Found in north-central New Guinea
P. s. obscurior – Hartert, 1896: Found in west-central to eastern New Guinea
References
regent whistler
Birds of New Guinea
Endemic fauna of New Guinea
regent whistler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Great Britain team will compete at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China. Britain has selected a team of 40, 20 of each gender, for the FINA World Championships in Shanghai next month.
Medalists
Diving
Great Britain has qualified 11 athletes in diving.
Men
Women
Open water swimming
Men
Women
Swimming
Great Britain qualified 38 swimmers.
Men
Women
* qualified due to the withdrawal of another swimmer
** raced in heats only
Synchronised swimming
Great Britain has qualified 11 athletes in synchronised swimming.
Women
References
Nations at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships
World Aquatics Championships
Great Britain at the World Aquatics Championships
Founded in 2002, the National Campaign for Nonviolent Resistance (NCNR) is a network of individuals and organizations in the United States committed to ending the war in Iraq, using the nonviolent practices and disciplines of Mahatma Gandhi and Martin Luther King Jr. through nonviolent resistance.
According to its Website, the coalition failed to prevent the start of the Iraq War in March 2003, but it continues "to engage in nonviolent direct action to end the war and the occupation. The group was founded as the Iraq Pledge of Resistance, and in expanding its focus, became the National Campaign for Nonviolent Resistance.
"As a group with lots of direct action experience, NCNR has consistently encouraged organizations and individuals to recognize the difference between civil disobedience and civil resistance. We see the difference as being important in the struggle for nonviolent, positive social change."
Instead of breaking unjust laws in order to bring attention to injustice, actions organized and initiated by NCNR focus on highlighting the illegal policies and practices of the government and elected and appointed decision makers. Typically NCNR participants go to court in order to continue to speak out against the unlawful conduct of government officials in pursuing aggressive wars.
Among the largest and most significant of NCNR's acts of civil resistance was the September 26, 2005 action at the White House sidewalk, with Cindy Sheehan, following a major anti-war mobilization. Although United for Peace and Justice joined and promoted this action, it was mostly organized by NCNR.
Other NCNR nonviolent civil resistance actions have included acting with Christian Peace Witness - Iraq in September 2006, and a campaign around funding for the Iraq war with Kathy Kelly's Voices for Creative Nonviolence dubbed the Occupation Project in 2007.
NCNR has a close-knit organizing committee, and typically one convener to help facilitate organizing calls and speak for the network. NCNR's first convener was Gordon Clark. Other peace activists associated with NCNR are Eve Tetaz, Malachy Kilbride and Pete Perry.
References
External links
National Campaign for Nonviolent Resistance
Anti–Iraq War groups
Peace organizations based in the United States
Bagai was a Roman–Berber city in the province of Africa Proconsularis. It must have been of some reasonable size, as it was also the seat of an ancient Catholic bishopric. The ancient city has been identified with ruins at Ksar-Bagaï outside of Baghai, in the Aurès Mountains of the El Hamma District in Khenchela Province, Algeria.
Location
Bagai is a town in Numidia between the Aurès Mountains in the south and the salt lake Garaat al-Tarf in the north. Bagaï is identified with Ksar Baghai in modern-day central Algeria, not far from Thamugadi (Timgad).
6 kilometers to the south of Bagai is Hammam Essalihine the ruins of an ancient Roman bath that dates from the time of the Flavian dynasty. The town of Aquae Flavianae was also near these ruins.
History
In the 2nd century, the city possessed monuments and dedications to the Roman Emperors Lucius Verus and Marcus Aurelius.
Around 384, Donatist schism caused a conflict in the region. Emperor Constans sent emissaries to reconcile the two religious parties, but the dissent led to open revolt. The massacre of Bagai resulted. The Council of Bagaï was held on 24 April 394 to discuss the Donatist question. The city was a stronghold of Donatism and in 411, a Donatist bishop was sent from Bagai to the Council of Carthage.
The city was the most important capital in the conflict between Donatists and Catholics during the Late Empire. In the election of Primianus of Carthage, the region burst into flames again. The Berbers destroyed the city and ransacked the library.
In the 5th century, Baghai was invaded by the Vandals, who were later driven out by the Berbers.
In 538, Guntarith, an officer of Byzantine general Solomon who reconquered the ancient Roman Africa settled their camp near the deserted city, but was defeated by the Berbers who regained control of the city, and strengthened it by surrounding it with an enclosure. It is the starting point of their second campaign in the Aurès.
In the Middle Ages, the Umayyads attacked the city. The Berber queen Kahina rebelled against Hasan ibn al-Nu'man (governor of the Maghreb) in 698. The Berbers destroyed the city and left nothing to the Umayyads. Subsequently, the Fatimids took the city in 903.
In 943, Abu Yazid took the city, but after their death the city fell into the hands of the Zirids and then in 1015 to the Hammadids. The latter attacked the inhabitants of the city. Subsequently, the Banu Hilal destroyed the whole city.
Al Idrissi mentions that there was a double wall around the city in their writings before it was destroyed.
Etymology
The city was called by Augustine Vagaïa. Procope of Caesarea transcribed it Bagaè and the Arab historians (Ibn Khaldun, Al-Bakri, etc.) wrote Baghaïa.
Bishopric
Bagai was the seat of an ancient Catholic bishopric in Numidia, and a center of Donatism.
Bagai was the home of Donatus of Bagai fl 347 and Marculus of Bagai fl 347.
Augustine wrote of many leading citizens of Bagai.
In 340 Bagai was the site of a massacre by imperial legate Macarius which forever fractured the possibility of conciliation between Donatist and Catholic factions and made the schism increasingly violent.
In 401, divisions were still so strong in Bagai that when the Donatist bishop Maximian of Bagai converted to Catholicism they were twice nearly murdered, such that Augustine once said of them "He has more scars than limbs".
The Donatist Council of Bagai was held with 310 bishops in 394 AD. The Council of Bagai condemned Maximianist and supported Primian of Carthage as Primate of Africa.
The diocese survives today as a titular see of the Roman Catholic Church.
Bishops of Bagai
Donatus of Bagai fl.347
Maximian of Bagai fl.414
Castorius (brother of Maximian)
Hugh Boyle (1948–1951)
Noël Laurent Boucheix (1953–1958)
Bernardo Regno,(1958–1971)
Lolesio (Laurent) Fuahea (1972–1974)
Francis Xavier Roque (29 Mar 1983– )
References
Archaeological sites in Algeria
Berber Christians
Catholic titular sees in Africa
Former populated places in Algeria
Early Christianity
Numidia (Roman provinces)
Schisms in Christianity
Roman towns and cities in Algeria
Eight people were killed on the night of 11 July 2010 when a black Volkswagen Passat collided with a red Toyota Corolla on the Buncrana to Clonmany section of the R238 road on the Inishowen Peninsula in County Donegal, Ireland. It was the deadliest road accident in the country's history. The road at Glasmullen was not previously thought of as an accident blackspot. Seven of those who died watched the 2010 FIFA World Cup Final shortly before their deaths, while the eighth was returning home after playing bingo. The crash and the funerals, which took place over a three-day period, attracted both national and international attention. By comparison, the number of other people to die on the nation's roads that weekend was two.
Crash
The Volkswagen Passat initially hit a white Renault Mégane on the narrow R238 road, leaving the female driver unhurt. A motorist had also flashed their lights in an attempt to warn the Passat to slow down. Then the Passat collided with the Toyota Corolla. Both ended up in a ditch.
Those killed came from Buncrana, Clonmany and Fahan. The Volkswagen Passat was occupied by eight men, aged between 19 and 23: Mark McLaughlin, aged 21; Paul Doherty, aged 19; Ciaran Sweeney, aged 19; PJ McLaughlin, aged 21; James McEleney, aged 23; Eamonn McDaid, aged 22, and Damien McLaughlin, aged 21, who all died. An eighth passenger (the driver) was brought to Letterkenny General Hospital. The car had five seat belts between the eight men and some corpses were retrieved outside the vehicle. The crash occurred near the home of one of those who died. The Toyota Corolla was occupied by one man, 66-year-old Hugh Friel. They were taken to the same hospital and died there. They had been driving home from Buncrana after participating in a bingo session there.
There was a delay in publishing the identities of those killed as some relatives were abroad, while others were at the Oxegen 2010 music festival in County Kildare. A press conference was held at Buncrana Garda Station on 12 July during which the identities of the dead were made public. Alcohol was ruled out as a cause of the carnage. The R238 road was forensically examined, before being reopened on 13 July. Relatives inspected the crash scene and laid flowers before the road reopened. On 15 July, another appeal for witnesses was issued, though authorities also praised the "excellent co-operation" of members of the public.
Victims
The crash killed eight men.
Damien McLaughlin, aged 21
Paul Doherty, aged 19
Eamonn McDaid, aged 22
Ciarán Sweeney, aged 19
James McEleney, aged 23
Mark McLaughlin, aged 21
PJ "Mick" McLaughlin, aged 21
Hugh Friel, aged 66
Response
Assistant Garda Commissioner Kieran Kenny described it as the worst crash scene they had witnessed in 34 years in the force. A curate who visited the hospital said they too had never experienced anything like it in their time in the priesthood, describing scenes of upset which not only included relatives but also hospital staff. They said a special Mass the following morning. Another priest said: "Somebody described it as a tsunami, rolling across Inishowen, overwhelming us all". Gardaí and fire service personnel were themselves reported to be "traumatised" at what they had witnessed and in need of counselling. One firefighter said they had never seen anything like it in 32 years of service. A special helpline was established by the Health Service Executive in the aftermath of the crash, while leaflets offering advice were distributed. Local people openly cried, described an "eerie" atmosphere, were hesitant while driving if another vehicle approached; work was affected. One man was heard to say that a friend living in Boston, USA was to return to Ireland but "He has changed their mind now because all their friends are dead".
Political response
Taoiseach Brian Cowen expressed shock at the "devastating news" and paid tribute from New York. Minister for Transport Noel Dempsey praised the emergency services who assisted at the scene. Minister for Justice and Law Reform Dermot Ahern said it was "horrific" and called for an improvement in road safety education. Local Senator, Cecilia Keaveney, called it "an ordeal". Labour transport spokesperson Joe Costello called it a "tragedy of immense proportions" and called for "tightening up the law". MEP Pat "the Cope" Gallagher paid tribute and described "a dark cloud" over Inishowen.
Mayor of Buncrana/Deputy Mayor of Donegal Pádraig Mac Lochlainn said there was "mind numbing devastation" in the community. Fine Gael Donegal North-East TD Joe McHugh called the crash a "nightmare", and "a terrible day for the county", suggesting that everyone in the area would have been familiar with at least one of those who died. Fianna Fáil Donegal North-East TD Jim McDaid also expressed sympathy. Fine Gael councillor John Ryan said: "I don't think I've ever come across anything of this magnitude or this level of carnage. It's unbelievable".
Northern Ireland's deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness also paid tribute.
After the funerals, two council meetings were thought to be planning to talk about road safety and counselling. There was a call for the establishment of a co-ordinated response strategy for Inishowen.
Funerals
The funerals took place over a three-day period, attended by hundreds of people and each receiving extensive media coverage. On 14 July, the funerals of Hugh Friel, Mark McLaughlin and Patrick "PJ" McLaughlin took place. On 15 July, the funerals of Paul Doherty, Eamonn McDaid, Ciaran Sweeney and Damien McLaughlin took place. Paul Doherty was buried on their twentieth birthday. On 16 July, the final funeral, that of James McEleney, took place. By the time of the final funeral the survivor was not well enough to be interviewed; a long spell in hospital was expected with the possibility of surgery. It was revealed on 27 July that they had been informed of the deaths of their friends; they had woken from a coma but was sent to a hospital in Dublin for further treatment.
Trial
On 10 November 2011, the driver was charged with dangerous driving causing eight deaths, with the defence saying their injuries meant they did not pose a "flight" risk.
On 9 February 2012, the Book of Evidence was served on the driver Shaun Kelly at Buncrana District Court, and the case was adjourned until the following month.
Kelly was convicted at trial. Their sentence later increased on appeal as 'unduly lenient' for the ‘worst case of dangerous driving in history of the State'.
Inquest
In a 2016 inquest, a solicitor for Shaun Kelly (then serving a sentence after pleading guilty to causing death by dangerous driving) made claims of a "coverup", stating that their client "accepted causing the deaths of the eight men, but denied causing the accident". They alleged that the driver of another car was "inches on the wrong side of the road" when the first collision occurred, a claim refuted by other statements at the inquest (including Garda evidence that the other car was 90 cm on the correct side of the road at time of impact). Ultimately the inquest upheld the verdict, with the inquest jury stating that the victims were "unlawfully killed consistent with dangerous driving". Kelly's original 4-year sentence was doubled to 8-years by the court of appeal.
References
2010 in Ireland
2010 road incidents in Europe
Buncrana
History of County Donegal
July 2010 events in Europe
Road incident deaths in the Republic of Ireland
Transport in County Donegal
George Clough Richardson (December 5, 1916 – June 26, 2000) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada. They were a farmer by trade.
They represented Saskatchewan's Humboldt—Lake Centre electoral district which they won in the 1979 federal election. After serving their only term, the 31st Canadian Parliament, they were defeated in the 1980 federal election by Vic Althouse of the New Democratic Party.
Richardson made two previous unsuccessful attempts to enter Parliament in the 1972 and 1974 federal elections at Regina—Lake Centre electoral district. They died in Saskatoon in 2000.
References
External links
1916 births
2000 deaths
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Saskatchewan
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada MPs
The 2018–19 Congo Ligue 1 was the 52nd season of the Congo Ligue 1, the top-tier football league in the Republic of the Congo, since its establishment in 1961. The season started on 8 December 2018.
League table
Stadiums
References
2018 in the Republic of the Congo sport
2019 in the Republic of the Congo sport
Football competitions in the Republic of the Congo
Congo Republic
Frontpage is the title of a Malaysian television drama created by Kabir Bhatia and Mira Mustaffa, which tells the adventures of the journalists of a fictional newspaper publisher, inspired by events which grabbed the headlines in Malaysian papers throughout history. Frontpage is jointly produced by The Star newspaper, broadcaster ntv7 and Filmscape, a production house owned by Juita Viden.
Overview
Frontpage tells of the main characters as the staff of Malaysia's top newspaper The Voice, consisting of Andrea Ng (Bernie Chan) the news desk editor and all the journalists under their supervision, which consist of seasoned rivals Jack Lee (Tony Eusoff) and Dylan Pereira (Jehan Miskin), joined by newcomer Nerina Rahman (Cheryl Samad). All of them as part of a newspaper tackle a capricious profession for the sake of scooping the best for their readers. Each episode is actually adapted from real headline-grabbers from local dailies throughout the past quarter-century.
Characters
Main characters
Jack Lee, Senior Journalist, Newsdesk (played by Tony Eusoff):Aloof and rebellious, Jack prefers to do things on their own and in their own way. They do not play by the rules and hates authority figures. They take their job seriously and will not stop at anything to bring the truth to the people. But at the same time Jack has an emotional distance to their stories. They learned how to do that, the hard way.When Jack was a rookie reporter, they made a promise to a whistleblower of a corporate giant, to print their story. But Jack was shut down by their editor for lack of evidence (or supposed fear of retaliation by the corporation). The whistleblower committed suicide. Jack felt responsible and it took a long time before they could forget (but not forgive himself). Jack was offered to post of editor a few years back, but they refused.  They are not a desk person, and they will never leave the street. Andrea accepted the position.
Andrea Ng, Editor, Newsdesk (Bernie Chan):Andrea knows as a woman handling the news desk of the country's biggest newspaper, they are always in the firing line -from the public, from the bosses, and from the journalists. There's always someone, somewhere who is displeased with them They develop a tough exterior, but we see a more vulnerable side of them outside of work.Andrea and Jack dated when they first joined the newspaper, but Jack's too much of a loner to ever really commit to anyone. Andrea is now dating Dylan, but in the back of their mind, she's always wondered if Dylan is with them for herself, or is it some twisted way of up one ship in their rivalry with Jack.Andrea was killed off in episode 9, by having shot from behind by what happened to be a victim of a loan shark whose advertisement was published in the Voice.
Dylan Pereira, Journalist, Newsdesk (Jehan Miskin):Dylan has climbed the proverbial ladder one step at a time. Although they are passionate about their work, Dylan believes in playing by the book - no gray areas, no crossing the lines. It annoys them to see Jack getting away with some of the things they do. And how Andrea lets him. Apparently the same rules do not apply to Jack as to everyone else.Dylan is also less than happy with Jack and Andrea's past relationship. They suspect they still have feelings for Jack, although they deny it.
Nerina Rahman, Rookie Journalist (Cheryl Samad):Nerina had wanted to be journalist since they were in primary school, when their exposé on "ulat in the nasi lemak" in the school paper caused the school to change canteen operator and the other kids to think of them as a hero. They join the newspaper in spite of their wealthy father's protests, fully intending to bring down the bad guys and rescuing the innocent. But Nerina is about to discover that the bad guys are sometimes the good guys.Nerina has a huge crush on Jack, but they are intent on pushing them away. Nerina is unaware of Jack and Andrea's past, and wonders why Andrea is very sharp to them sometimes and overly protective at others.
Lulu Chia, Senior Journalist, Lifestyle (Nell Ng):Lulu has a sharp tongue, and a sharper pen. Them stories have embarrassed actores, designers, record companies.  They are someone everyone in the entertainment industry loves to hate. Lulu is not bothered when people chide them for being not at all disconcerted by what they think of them After all she's not making up the stories, she's just reporting them. Them view is: "if you don't want it in the papers, don't do it."Growing up, Lulu constantly struggled with issues of self-esteem. They were always big for their age, and their "unique" tastes in clothes became the butt of jokes. Lulu sees their position in the newspaper as divine retribution. It's their job to bring down all those beautiful people who made life miserable for people like her, people who are different.
Rebecca Anuar, Senior Journalist (Nurakhtar Amin):Rebecca says what's on their mind, always. They appear cold, and arrogant, but their tough exterior hides a troubled past. At a young age, their father, an Englishman, abandoned their mother. Them mother married another man, but they maltreated them sexually during their early adolescence. They also attempted to flee from their home and commit suicide. At 15, Rebecaa went to boarding school despite their stepfather's objections.In boarding school, Rebecca excelled in their studies, and every other girl hated them for their antisocial behaviour. Them interest in journalism stemmed from the need to expose the truth. Once they left home, they never went back, cutting all ties with their mother and stepfather. After university, they joined the Tribune, and quickly became a top notch reporter. They have never had a relationship with any man. They left the Tribune, for The Voice because one of their colleagues "wanted to know their better (romantically)". Rebecca crumbles at the prospect of anyone getting to know them Despite their façade of confidence, they always feel that they are spoiled and not worthy to be loved; or to love.
Supporting characters
"Chief" (Priyadev Aravind):Ketua Penyunting The Voice. Priyadev themselves is a sub-editor for the Star. Without a known name, the character is only known "Chief"; they were originally designated the name "Mr. Tan".
Melvin D'Cruz: Sub-editor of The Voice.
Lorna Liu:Marketing director of The Voice.
Episode list
References
External links
Frontpage official website
Frontpage episodes on ntv7's Catch-Up TV
Malaysian drama television series
Operation Budapest was a joint investigation between the Italian Carabinieri, the Hungarian police and the Greek police.
On 5 November 1983 the following works were stolen from the Museum of Fine Arts in Budapest
Self-portrait, Giorgione
Esterhazy Madonna, Raffaello Sanzio
Portrait of a Gentleman, Tintoretto
Portrait of a Gentlewoman, Tintoretto
Madonna and Saints, Giambattista Tiepolo
Rest on the Flight into Egypt, Giambattista Tiepolo
They were all recovered in the sacred shrine of Panagia Trypiti in Aigio, Greece.
References
Bibliography
Comando Carabinieri - TPC, Anno Operativo 2001, Edizioni De Luca, Roma 2001
Filmography
Operation Budapest - A crime of art, 2019, documentary directed by Gilberto Martinelli.
Art crime
Individual thefts
1983 crimes in Hungary
1983 in Italy
1980s in Budapest
Crime in Budapest
Museum crime
Breckinridge County is a county located in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,432. Its county seat is Hardinsburg, Kentucky. The county was named for John Breckinridge (1760–1806), a Kentucky Attorney General, state legislator, United States Senator, and United States Attorney General. It was the 38th Kentucky county in order of formation. Breckinridge County is now a wet county, following a local option election on January 29, 2013, but it had been a dry county for the previous 105 years.
History
The area presently bounded by Kentucky state lines was a part of the U.S. State of Virginia, known as Kentucky County when the British colonies separated themselves in the American Revolutionary War. In 1780, the Virginia legislature divided the previous Kentucky County into three smaller units: Fayette, Jefferson, and Lincoln. In 1791, this area was separated into the State of Kentucky; it became effective on June 1, 1792. From that time, the original three counties were divided several times. A portion of Jefferson County was split off as Nelson County in 1784; a portion of Nelson was split off as Hardin County in 1792; the present Breckinridge County was split off from Hardin in 1799.
In August 1779, Sinclair Hardin (first cousin of Captain William Hardin, the founder of Hardin's Fort), was killed by Shawnee Indians while taking a drink at Big Springs. They were the first white settler in Breckinridge County to be killed by Native Americans. The Indian threat continued for several years. However, the only sizable expedition against the Native Americans that Breckenridge County settlers took part in culminated in the Battle of Saline Creek in August 1786, in Illinois. The battle only lasted a few minutes, with fierce hand-to-hand combat. Between 18 and 30 Shawnee warriors were killed, with six more wounded. The remainder of the Shawnee fled. Captain William Hardin had commanded the Kentucky volunteers, many of whom also were killed or wounded. Hardin's militia brought home 16 Shawnee scalps, nine captured horses, 17 muskets, and "a mighty nice sword".
The Judge-Executive of Breckinridge County from 1801 to 1805 was William Comstock. Jo Allen was the county clerk, and Ben Huff was the sheriff.
During the American Civil War, raiding Kentucky Confederate cavalry burned the courthouse, as it was being used by Union troops as a barracks, though most of the records were saved. On March 12, 1865, Jerome Clarke, a well known Confederate guerrilla, claimed by some to have been Sue Munday, was captured near the Breckinridge–Meade County line. They were hanged three days later in Louisville. Afterward, their trial drew heavy criticism.
During the nineteenth century, the Victoria Coal Mines, named in honor of British Queen Victoria, were the first to produce coal oil, and Cloverport exported it to Great Britain, where it was used to light Buckingham Palace.
United States Supreme Court Justice Wiley Blount Rutledge Jr., who served on the High Court from 1943 to 1949, was born at Tar Springs in 1894, when their father was pastor of Cloverport Baptist Church.
On June 6, 1932, at Hardinsburg, Sam Jennings became the penultimate person to be publicly executed in the United States.
In the 1950s, Rough River Dam State Resort Park was developed at the southern border of the county.
A third courthouse fire nearly destroyed county records in 1958.
Breckinridge County High School won the 1965 and 1995 Kentucky High School Athletic Association's Boys' Basketball tournaments.
The Breckinridge County Archives, formed in 1984, was the first state-funded archival repository in the history of the United States and is known across the nation as an excellent resource for genealogical and historical research.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.2%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Perry County, Indiana (northwest)
Meade County (northeast/EST Border)
Hardin County (east/EST Border)
Grayson County (south)
Ohio County (southwest)
Hancock County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 18,648 people, 7,324 households, and 5,309 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 9,890 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.84% White, 2.86% Black or African American, 0.23% Native American, 0.08% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.09% from other races, and 0.90% from two or more races. 0.72% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,324 households, out of which 31.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.60% were married couples living together, 8.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.50% were non-families. 24.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.51 and the average family size was 2.97.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.90% under the age of 18, 8.20% from 18 to 24, 26.70% from 25 to 44, 26.00% from 45 to 64, and 14.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 98.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 96.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,554, and the median income for a family was $36,575. Males had a median income of $31,004 versus $19,371 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,402. About 11.80% of families and 15.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.60% of those under age 18 and 19.00% of those age 65 or over.
Education
K-12 education
School districts include:
Breckinridge County School District
Cloverport Independent School District
It also has a private school:
Saint Romuald Interparochial School
Library
Breckinridge County Public Library is located at 308 Old Highway 60 in Hardinsburg, Kentucky.
Communities
Incorporated Communities
Cloverport
Hardinsburg (county seat)
Irvington
Unincorporated Communities A–L
Addison
Axtel
Bewleyville
Big Spring (partially)
Cannons Point
Clifton Mills
Constantine
Custer
Dyer
Fairfield
Falls of Rough
Fisher
Frymire
Garfield
Glen Dean
Harned
Hinton Hills
Holt
Hudson
Kingswood
Kirk
Locust Hill
Lodiburg
Unincorporated Communities M–Z
Madrid
Mattingly
McCoy
McDaniels
McQuady
Mook
Mooleyville
Mount Merino
Mystic
Raymond
Roff
Sample
Se Ree
Stephensport
Tar Fork
Union Star
Vanzant
Webster
Westview
Notable natives
Alfred "Butch" Beard - professional basketball player and coach
David "Big Dave" DeJernett - professional basketball player
Philip Leget Edwards - American educator
Joseph Holt - Judge Advocate General of the United States Army, Attorney General - Secretary of War, Commissioner of Patents, and Postmaster General.
Bobbi Jordan - American actor
John Alexander McClernand - Union General during the American Civil War
Charles Harwood Moorman—Judge of the Kentucky Court of Appeals, Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky, and Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit
George W. Swink - business person
Tera Wray - pornographic actor
Joe Wright - Majority floor leader in the Kentucky State Senate
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Breckinridge County, Kentucky
References
1799 establishments in Kentucky
Kentucky counties
Kentucky counties on the Ohio River
Populated places established in 1799
Eudendrium vervoorti is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
References
Eudendrium
Animals described in 1998
The University of Mbuji Mayi (UM) is an accredited private university in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, located in the province of Kasai-Oriental, city of Mbuji Mayi. The university is one of the many initiatives by the "Fondation Cardinal Malula". The UM, exists alongside other institutions of higher learning such as the C.U.M (Centre Universitaire de Mbuyi). People mostly mix these two different and separate entities. At its creation, the C.U.M was an Extension of national public universities" amongst which the University of Kinshasa, the University of Lubumbashi and the University of Kisangani. Instruction is in French.
History
The University was created 1 October 2004 as Mbuji Mayi Center University (C.U.K.) extension of the University of Kinshasa, and became autonomous in 2010 following Ministerial order No. 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK/PK/2010 27 September 2010.
References
Ministerial Decree No. 157/MINESU/CABMIN/EBK-PK-2010 September 27, 2010, on the empowerment of some extensions of the institutions of higher and university education (article 2 point 8)
Universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Educational institutions established in 2004
2004 establishments in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Westerbeck may refer to several places:
In Lower Saxony
Westerbeck (Ebersdorf), a village in Ebersdorf, Lower Saxony
Westerbeck (Osterholz-Scharmbeck), a village in Osterholz-Scharmbeck
Westerbeck (Sassenburg), a village in Sassenburg
In North Rhine-Westphalia
Westerbeck (Lienen), a village in Lienen
Westerbeck (Westerkappeln), a village in Westerkappeln
The Review of African Political Economy is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering African political economy. It was founded with the help of Lionel Cliffe and is published quarterly by Taylor & Francis since 1974. It focuses in particular on the political economy of inequality, exploitation, and oppression, whether driven by global forces or local ones (such as class, race, community and gender), and to materialist interpretations of change in Africa.
The editor-in-chief is Janet Bujra (University of Bradford).
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2019 impact factor of 0.988, ranking it 118th out of 181 journals in the category "Political Science".
References
External links
African studies journals
Publications established in 1974
English-language journals
Economics journals
Quarterly journals
Political science journals
Political economy
Manuel Marinho Alves, best known as Maneca (January 28, 1926 – July 14, 1961) was an association footballer in striker role. They were born in Salvador Bahia, Brazil.
During their career (1943–1957) they played for Galícia, Vitória, Vasco da Gama and Bangu. They won four Rio de Janeiro State Championships (1947, 1949, 1950 and 1952) and the South American Club Championship of 1948. For Brazilian team they participated in the 1950 FIFA World Cup, playing 4 games and scoring one goal.
They died in July 14, 1961, after complications from attempted suicide, in their girlfriend's house, on June 28, 1961, by mercury cyanide poisoning.
References
1926 births
1961 suicides
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
1950 FIFA World Cup players
Brazil international footballers
CR Vasco da Gama players
Esporte Clube Vitória players
Suicides by cyanide poisoning
Suicides in Brazil
Youn Yuh-jung (, ; born June 19, 1947) is a South Korean actor, whose career in film and television spans over five decades. Them accolades include an Academy Award, a Screen Actors Guild Award, a British Academy Film Award, an Independent Spirit Award, and a nomination for a Critics' Choice Movie Award. They have starred in many South Korean television series and films.
They gained international recognition for their role in Minari (2020). Them critically acclaimed portrayal of Soon-ja in the film made them the first Korean actor to win a Screen Actors Guild Award, an Independent Spirit Award, a British Academy Film Award, and an Academy Award, as well as the first to be nominated for a Critics' Choice Movie Award, all in the Best Supporting Actress category.
By the late 1960s, Youn was a rising star in South Korea and won several awards for their role in Woman of Fire (1971). They retired from the spotlight for several years before returning to acting in the late 1980s. Besides Woman of Fire and Minari, Youn is known for their work in the South Korean films The Housemaid (2010), The Taste of Money (2012), The Bacchus Lady (2016), and Canola (2016).  They are also known for their matriarch roles in the South Korean family drama series Men of the Bath House (1995), Be Strong Geum Soon (2005), Daughters-in-Law (2007), My Husband Got a Family (2012), and Dear My Friends (2016). In 2022, they appeared in the television series Pachinko on Apple TV+.
Early life
Youn Yuh jung was born on June 19, 1947 in Kaesong (today in North Korea), Gyeonggi Province, and grew up in Seoul. Them father died when they were young. They have two sisters. Them sister Youn Yeo-soon is a former executive at LG Group. They attended high school at Ewha Girls' High School, and enrolled at Hanyang University majoring in Korean Language and Literature, when they passed the open auditions held by TBC in 1966.
Youn has two sons, both of whom are Korean-Americans.
Career
They dropped out of college, and made their acting debut in the television drama Mister Gom in 1967. Youn shot to stardom in 1971 with two memorable portrayals of femme fatales. Them first film, Kim Ki-young's Woman of Fire, became a critical and commercial hit, for which they won Best Actress at the Sitges Film Festival.
This was followed by the MBC historical drama Jang Hui-bin where they played the titular infamous royal concubine. Kim was considered Korea's first style-conscious, experimental director, and Youn did not balk in playing risque, provocative characters that explore the grotesque in the female psyche in collaborations with them such as The Insect Woman (1972) and Be a Wicked Woman (1990). Audiences found Youn's fast way of speaking and atypical appearance refreshing and they frequently took roles in TV dramas depicting a modern woman of the new generation, notably in Stepmother (1972) written by Kim Soo-hyun.
At the peak of their career, Youn retired after they married singer Jo Young-nam in 1974, then immigrated to the United States. In 1984, they returned to Korea and permanently resumed their acting career. They and Jo divorced in 1987 and struggled to resume their acting career due to the stigma of divorce in South Korea.
Making a comeback after taking a long break was an unusual feat for a Korean middle-aged actor. Although most actores their age played clichéd self-sacrificing mothers or coarse ajummas, Youn's acting range led to them being cast in more complex, stylish, and independent roles. In A Good Lawyer's Wife (2003), they drew critical acclaim for their nonchalant acting as a mother-in-law who neglected their husband dying of liver cancer and enjoyed extramarital affairs. Them frank and confident persona again manifested itself in E J-yong's mockumentary Actresses (2009).
Youn continued playing supporting roles in film and television, such as in The Housemaid (2010). They reunited with director Im Sang-soo for the fourth time in The Taste of Money (2012), as a cruel chaebol heiress at the center of the drama that unfolds and touches upon the themes of corruption, greed and sex. Youn said "I don't mind being called an old actor, but I do worry about how to carry on my acting career without looking like an old fool."
In 2013, they were cast as a loving mother to three loser children in Song Hae-sung's Boomerang Family. Later in the year, Youn appeared in their first reality show Sisters Over Flowers, a travel show shot in Croatia. After appearing on Sisters Over Flowers, Youn has stated that their public image became more positive.
Youn starred in two leading roles in 2015: Kang Je-gyu's Salut d'Amour about the romance between an elderly supermarket employee and a flower shop owner, and Canola about a Jeju Island female diver who reunites with their long-lost granddaughter. Salut d'Amour was Youn's first collaboration with actor Park Geun-hyung since 1971.
In 2020, they made their Hollywood debut in a supporting role as Soon-ja, a grandma of a Korean-American family in rural Arkansas, in the American film Minari, for which they received critical recognition from over forty American regional critics awards, including wins from the National Board of Review and the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. Youn went on to become the first Korean actor to win an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, SAG Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role, and BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role. They were also the first Asian actor to win an acting award in the motion pictures categories at the Screen Actors Guild Awards as well as the first Korean actor to win an Academy Award and first Asian actor to win an Academy Award since 1958 when Miyoshi Umeki won Best Supporting Actress for Sayonara.
In April 2021, Film at Lincoln Center hosted a five film retrospective of their career.
In September 2021, they were selected as one of the 100 most "Influential People in the World" in 2021 by the American weekly magazine TIME. They were named in the 'Titan' category.
In 2021, Youn received the Order of Cultural Merit.
Filmography
Film
Television series
Variety show
Awards and nominations
Listicles
State honors
Notes
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
20th-century South Korean actores
21st-century South Korean actores
Best Supporting Actress Academy Award winners
Best Supporting Actress Asian Film Award winners
Best Supporting Actress BAFTA Award winners
Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Female winners
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role Screen Actors Guild Award winners
People from Gyeonggi Province
People from Kaesong
South Korean film actores
South Korean television actores
South Korean television personalities
Recipients of the Order of Cultural Merit (Korea)
Corydoras is a genus of freshwater catfish in the family Callichthyidae and subfamily Corydoradinae. The species usually have more restricted areas of endemism than other callichthyids, but the area of distribution of the entire genus almost equals the area of distribution of the family, except for Panama where Corydoras is not present. Corydoras species are distributed in South America where they can be found from the east of the Andes to the Atlantic coast, from Trinidad to the Río de la Plata drainage in northern Argentina. Species assigned to Corydoras display a broad diversity of body shapes and coloration. Corydoras are small fish, ranging from in SL., and are protected from predators by their body armor and by their sharp, typically venomous spines.
Taxonomy
The name Corydoras is derived from the Greek kory (helmet) and doras (skin). Corydoras is by far the largest genus of Neotropical fishes with more than 160 species. It is the sole genus in the tribe Corydoradini. C. difluviatilis is recognized as the basalmost species of Corydoradini, exhibiting several plesiomorphic features compared to the other species of Corydoras. The type species for this genus is Corydoras geoffroy. Several hundred species are not yet classified, but kept by aquarists. These species are given 'C-numbers', originally devised by Hans-Georg Evers for the German fishkeeping magazine DATZ in 1993. In 2006, 153 C-numbers had been assigned, of which 32 had been assigned appropriate scientific names.
The species C. barbatus, C. macropterus and C. prionotos have been reclassified into the genus Scleromystax. Brochis had been differentiated from Corydoras due to the higher number of dorsal fin rays; however, Brochis has recently been suggested to be a synonym of Corydoras. This is contested and has not been universally accepted. The sixray corydoras belongs in Aspidoras.
Brochis
Brochis is a formerly recognized genus of catfish. Between one and three fish of the Callichthyidae in the Siluriformes order are referred to as Brochis, however following recent classification these three species have been grouped in the genus Corydoras. The genus is considered defunct by most scientific authorities, or as a junior synonym or subgenus of Corydoras. Consequently, it is an example of Obsolete taxa
Despite being considered defunct, there are several morphological differences that fish formerly classified in the genus Brochis have. These include a noticeably larger body, a more lyre-like tail and most decisively, the extended dorsal fins that have more rays than those of Corydoras Corydoras have 7-10 rays on their dorsal fins, while Brochis have 10–18. Brochis are very large for their family, as all three species can exceed 8 centimetres in length.
In the Brochis stable, Corydras splendens is the largest. It is also the largest Corydoras attaining a maximum size of 9.9 centimetres and 40 grams
Ecology
Corydoras are generally found in smaller-sized streams, along the margins of larger rivers, in marshes, and in ponds. They are native to slow-moving and almost still (but seldom stagnant) streams and small rivers of South America, where the water is shallow and very murky. Most species are bottom-dwellers, foraging in sand, gravel or detritus. The banks and sides of the streams are covered with a dense growth of plants and this is where the Corydoras are found. They inhabit a wide variety of water types but tend toward soft, neutral to slightly acidic or slightly alkaline pH and 5-10 degrees of hardness. They can tolerate only a small amount of salt (some species tolerate none at all) and do not inhabit environments with tidal influences. They are often seen in shoals. Most species prefer being in groups and many species are found in schools or aggregations of hundreds or even thousands of individuals, usually of a single species, but occasionally with other species mixed in. Unlike most catfishes, which are nocturnal, these species are active during the daytime. Corydoras are capable of breathing both water and air, often swimming to the surface to quickly ingest air before re-submerging. The frequency of this air breathing behavior increases when Corydoras are exposed to water with low oxygen availability, allowing them to tolerate periods of aquatic hypoxia.
Their main food is bottom-dwelling insects and insect larvae and various worms, as well as some vegetable matter. Although no Corydoras are piscivorous, they will eat flesh from dead fishes. Their feeding method is to search the bottom with their sensory barbels and suck up food items with their mouth, often burying their snout up to their eyes.
In several species of Corydoras, it has been observed that the fishes, after initial evasive reaction to threat, lie still; this is suggested to be a form of cryptic behavior. However, it is also argued that most species do not have cryptic coloration nor freezing behavior and continue to exist, likely due to their armor and venom. A few species of Otocinclus: (O. affinis, O. flexilis, O. mimulus and O. xakriaba) are considered to be Batesian mimics of certain Corydoras species (C. diphyes, C. garbei, C. nattereri and C. paleatus, respectively). These species have bony plates of armor and strong, frequently venomous spines as defenses, making them less palatable; by mimicking these species in size and coloration, Otocinclus avoid predation.
A unique form of insemination has been described in Corydoras aeneus. When these fish reproduce, the male will present their abdomen to the female. The female will attach their mouth to the male's genital opening, creating the well-known "T-position" many Corydoras exhibit during courtship. The female will then drink the sperm. The sperm rapidly moves through their intestines and is discharged together with their eggs into a pouch formed by their pelvic fins. The female can then swim away and deposit the pouch somewhere else alone. Because the T-position is exhibited in other species than just C. aeneus, it is likely that this behavior is common in the genus.
In the aquarium
The genus is well known among aquarists for its many ornamental species. They are well suited to tropical freshwater community aquariums, as they get along well with other species and are not aggressive. Corydoras are quite timid and are recommended to be kept in shoals of six or more. Corydoras are mostly bottom feeders, so they should be offered sinking pellets as well as supplements of live and frozen foods. If flake foods are used, care should be taken to prevent all food from being eaten by faster moving fish at the higher levels of the tank.
Most Corydoras prefer soft, acidic water. They can, however, tolerate a wide range of water conditions, including temperatures that are cooler than tropical. They do not do well in fish tanks with high nitrate levels. This ion leads to the infection of the barbels, which will shorten and become useless. The barbels may also be affected by constant contact with a sharp substrate. Contrary to popular belief, these fish can be kept in a tank with gravel, as long as there are no sharp edges on the gravel without affecting their barbels, although they do prefer sand substrate. They are more likely to thrive if there is an open area of substrate on the bottom of the tank where they can obtain submerged food. It is a myth that salt cannot be used on this species of fish as a means of parasite medication. Salt can be added to the water of the Corydoras catfish in order to rid the fish of ich. These fish are fairly easy to keep, being peaceful, hardy, active and entertaining. Occasionally they will dart to the surface, sticking their snout above the water for an instant to take a breath of air. This behavior is perfectly normal and is not an indication that anything is wrong with the fish. However, if this is done in excess, it can indicate poor water conditions.
Where investigated, Corydoras sp. have been shown to be diurnal and crepuscular rather than nocturnal and activity can even peak at twilight. Corydoras are a very popular choice for a community aquarium and are widely kept throughout the world. Their longevity in the aquarium is noteworthy; C. aeneus is said to have lived 27 years in captivity and 20 years is not too uncommon.
Species
There are currently 161 recognized extant species in this genus, as well as one known extinct species:
See also
List of Corydoras species
List of freshwater aquarium fish species
References
Catfish genera
Freshwater fish genera
Fishkeeping
Callichthyidae
Paleocene fish
Taxa named by Bernard Germain de Lacépède
Extant Thanetian first appearances
Elastic interface buses, abbreviated as EI bus connections, can be generalized as bus connections which are high speed interfaces that send clock signals with data.
Description
The data bits that are sent through EI bus connections are aligned to the clock so that they latch to the data at the high speeds. EI bus connections require that the net topology and timing characteristics for each net on the bus are at least similar to each other in order to make lining up the edges of the data to the clock signals possible. In this environment, re-working connections in the connection module was not easily possible because all nets needed to have similar topology and timing characteristics. This increased the difficulty of a re-work solution or made it impossible and increased the modules that needed to be scrapped as unusable.
Repair
Elastic Interface repair involves a spare wire that is built into the bus interface in the connection module that has the same topology and characteristics of the rest of the nets in the bus. It includes hardware that is able to switch from the bad net in the interface to the spare net (as of now, this operation must be supported by the original manufacturer of the EI bus connector). The connection module is tested at several different process corners such as low and high temperature and low and high voltages. When a net on the interface is known to be bad, the spare net is used on the bus for testing and the bad net is not tested. When the bus does not have a defect, the spare net is tested with the functional nets. In the original design specification for the EI spare, the wire was driven with a constant zero when not used.
Applications
IBM, inventor of the elastic interface bus, uses it in many high-end processors:
Elastic Interface (EI-1): POWER4, PowerPC 970 and Z900
Elastic Interface 2 (EI-2): POWER5 and Z9
Elastic Interface 3 (EI-3): POWER6, Z10, POWER7, PowerEN
Mai Logic was a licensee of the Elastic Interface technology for PowerPC 970 applications.
See also
HyperTransport
References
IBM computer hardware
Computer buses
Motherboard
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1692.
Events
November
Nahum Tate becomes Poet Laureate of England.
Thomas Rymer is made Historiographer Royal, and mounts a major effort to preserve and publish historical documents.
December 9 – Playwright William Mountfort is attacked in a London street and stabbed; they die the next day.
New books
Prose
Richard Ames – The Jacobite Coventicle, Sylvia's Complaint, of Them Sexes Unhappiness (in answer to Robert Gould)
Madame d'Aulnoy – Histoire de Jean de Bourbon, Prince de Carency (The Prince of Carency)
Richard Baxter – Paraphrase on the Psalms of David
Richard Bentley – three "confutations" of Atheism and The Folly of Atheism, and (what is now called) Deism
Gilbert Burnet – A Discourse on the Pastoral Care
William Congreve – Incognita; or, Love and Duty Reconcil'd: A novel
Anne Conway, Viscountess Conway – The Principles of the Most Ancient and Modern Philosophy
John Dryden – Eleonara
Roger L'Estrange – Fables, of Aesop and other Eminent Mythologists
Ihara Saikaku – Reckonings That Carry Men Through the World
Ben Jonson – the third folio collection of the Works
John Locke – Some Considerations of the Consequences of the Lowering of Interest and Raising the Value of Money
George Savile, 1st Marquess of Halifax – Maxims of State
Sir William Temple – Memoirs of What Past in Christendom: From the war begun in 1672 to the peace concluded 1679
William Walsh – Letters and Poems, Amorous and Gallant
Anthony à Wood – Athenae Oxonienses, vol. ii.
Nicolás Antonio – Bibliotheca Hispana Vetus
Drama
Reuben Bourne – The Contented Cuckold, or Woman's Advocate
Nicholas Brady – The Rape, or the Innocent Impostors
John Crowne – Regulus
John Dryden (with Thomas Southerne) – Cleomenes, the Spartan Hero
Thomas D'Urfey – The Marriage-Hater Matched
William Mountfort – Henry II
Elkanah Settle – The Fairy-Queen, an adaptation of A Midsummer Night's Dream, with music by Henry Purcell
Thomas Shadwell – The Volunteers
Thomas Southerne – The Maid's Last Prayer, or Any Rather Than Fail
Poetry
John Dennis, Poems in Burleseque
Thomas Fletcher – Poems on Several Occasions
Charles Gildon – Miscellany Poems upon Several Occasions
Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz – Obras (second volume)
Antonio de Solís y Rivadeneyra – Varias poesías sagradas y profanas
Births
February 25 Karl Ludwig von Pöllnitz, German adventurer and writer (died 1775)
February 29 John Byrom, English poet (died 1763)
April 5 Adrienne Lecouvreur, French actor (died 1730)
May 18 Joseph Butler, theologian of the Church of England (died 1752)
November 6 Louis Racine, French poet (died 1763)
Unknown dates
Li E (厲鶚), Chinese poet (died 1752)
John Mottley, English dramatist, biographer and compiler of jokes (died 1750)
Deaths
By February – Sir George Etherege, English dramatist (born c. 1636)
May 6 – Nathaniel Lee, English dramatist (born c. 1653)
May 18/19 – Elias Ashmole, English antiquarian (born 1617)
July 30 (buried) – Jacob Bauthumley, English radical religious writer (born 1613)
September 21 – Ermes di Colorêt, Friulian nobleman and poet (born 1622)
November 6 – Gédéon Tallemant des Réaux, French biographer (born 1619)
November 19 – Thomas Shadwell, English Poet Laureate and playwright (born c. 1642)
December 10 – William Mountfort, English dramatist and actor (born c. 1664)
unknown date - Zera Yacob, Ethiopian philosopher (born 1599)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Boljevići may refer to:
Boljevići (Bratunac), Bosnia and Herzegovina
Boljevići (Bar Municipality), Montenegro
Apocalypse: Never-Ending War 1918–1926 (in French: Apocalypse, La Paix Impossible 1918–1926) is a two-part television series retracing the difficult peace that followed the First World War. It was broadcast in France on France 2 on November 11, 2018 and in Canada on Ici RDI on November 7 and 8, 2018. It brings together known or unpublished period documents relating the major events of the time. Archival images have been restored and colorized. The series is directed by Isabelle Clarke, Daniel Costelle and Mickaël Gamrasni.
Episodes
As the First World War ends, survivors realize that the world they knew had disappeared, buried in the ruins. The victors conceive a precarious peace treaty which they impose on the vanquished. In Europe, Africa, and Asia new nations are forged, often through strife and conflict. In a brief time hatred, fear, and resentment bubble up from the depths of traumatized societies, sowing chaos in the new world order in the form of revolutions, crises, waves of migration, and civil wars, which are fertile ground for totalitarianism. People try to shake off memories of war to the frantic beat of the Charleston dance, blind to the approach of a new apocalypse.
Episode 1 - Revenge (La vengeance)
Episode 2 - Return to Hell (Retour vers l'enfer)
See also
Apocalypse: Never-Ending War 1918-1926 is part of the Apocalypse series of documentaries which also includes:
Apocalypse: The Second World War
Apocalypse: Hitler
Apocalypse: Stalin
Apocalypse: Verdun
Apocalypse: World War I
Apocalypse: the Cold War
Apocalypse: Hitler Takes on the West
Apocalypse: Hitler Takes on the East
References
External links
Information in TV5 Monde (in French)
Information in Allociné (in French)
Information in IMDb
French documentary television series
2018 French television series debuts
2018 French television series endings
Documentary television series about war
Aftermath of World War I
French World War I films
Morehead Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Western Province, Papua New Guinea. Merauke Regency, Indonesia is located adjacently to the west. Yam, Pahoturi, and Anim languages are spoken in the LLG.
Wards
01. Bula (Kánchá language speakers)
02. Wereavere (Mblafe language speakers)
03. Wemnevere (Kémä language speakers)
04. Mibini (Namat language speakers)
05. Garaita (Nama language speakers)
06. Pongariki (Nambo language (Namna dialect) speakers)
07. Dimisisi (Idi language speakers)
08. Sibidiri (Idi language speakers)
09. Limol (Ende language speakers)
10. Keru (Neme language speakers)
11. Pukaduka
12. Kiriwo
13. Aewe
14. Wando (Warta Thuntai language speakers)
15. Kandarisa (Ránmo language speakers)
16. Rouku (Komnzo language speakers)
17. Morehead Station
18. Bimadeben (Nen speakers)
19. Eniyawa
20. Kautru
21. Kondobol (Taeme language speakers)
22. Malam (Ende language speakers)
See also
Yam languages
Pahoturi languages
Morehead River
References
Local-level governments of Western Province (Papua New Guinea)
Baeonoma euphanes is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 9–10 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous with a short white mark on the base of the dorsum and a triangular white blotch on the dorsum beyond the middle, reaching half across the wing. The apex is narrowly white. The hindwings are rather dark grey, thinly scaled in the disc.
References
Moths described in 1916
Baeonoma
Moths of South America
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
The Naniken River () is a minor river on the north side of Dublin city, Ireland, one of more than forty watercourses monitored by Dublin City Council. It is culverted for its upper course, visible in St Anne's Park for its entire lower course, and causes flooding somewhere along its line most years. The river flows entirely within the jurisdiction of Dublin City Council.
Etymology
The origins of the name, also spelt sometimes as Nannikin or Naneken, are unclear, though it has been speculated that it might be a diminutive reflection of the much-larger Nanny River flowing just north of the County Dublin boundary.
Course
Upper reaches
The Naniken rises under Shanliss Way, in what is now a light industrial zone off Santry Avenue (formerly Santry Lane), in Santry. It passes under Schoolhouse Lane and the Oak Park development, then by siphon below the Dublin Port Tunnel's northern portal area. It then flows through Beaumont and Artane, passing Lorcan Crescent, Coolgariff Road, Kilmore Road and Ardlea Road, where a fully culverted tributary joins from the lands now occupied by Beaumont Hospital. The watercourse then runs by Maryfield Crescent, and on under Mornington Grove, near the Artane Roundabout, to cross the Malahide Road, and then continues through southern Artane and western Harmonstown, coming into Raheny via a siphon under the railway. It flows on under a former laneway, by an early suburban apartment development, Rosevale.
The stretch from Harmonstown to St Anne's Park is sometimes known as the Ballyhoy River, and a road within the St. Anne's housing estate was named after it. In Raheny, the Naniken once formed the boundary of the Church of Ireland glebe (rectory lands). The river passes under Howth Road at the site of Ballyhoy Bridge, and emerges from its culvert to flow openly through St Anne's Park.
St Anne's Park to the sea
The Naniken is a central feature of Dublin's second largest municipal park, a former Guinness family estate. It passes in a shady channel through an area of playing fields, runs through the Dublin City Millennium Arboretum, and then flows in a more distinct valley through the central reaches of the park. In the 19th century there was a pond northwest of the modern-day nursery, with a small waterfall, but this is entirely gone now. Some artificial features were constructed for the Guinnesses near the river, including ornamental bridges (one high bridge was removed for safety reasons in the 1980s), at least one ford, and a couple of wider areas. Near the coast an offtake supplies the Duck Pond (or Old Pond), while the river itself flows around and passes under the James Larkin Road to enter the western half of the "lagoon" (also known as Crab Water or Raheny Lake) behind North Bull Island. The line of the Naniken from its mouth marks the boundary of the civil parish of Raheny with that of Clontarf, and the beginning of the Raheny portion of the Bull Island.
Culverting
As with many of Dublin's smaller watercourses, the upper and middle reaches of the Naniken were culverted over time, the covering of the stretch from Coolgariff Road to Kilmore Road being mentioned in parliamentary proceedings in 1960 by Neil Blaney, for example.
Link to River Santry
There is a drainage link between the Naniken and the Santry River, at the western end of Kilmore West, to reduce the general flow from the river's upper reaches, and to deal with flooding or overflow situations.
Flooding
This small but long-established river causes flooding, as with the neighbouring Wad River, in many years. Frequent locations include Maryfield Crescent, Rosemount Avenue and parts of Kilmore. In 2014, the City Manager acknowledged the flood risks, noted that there was no near-term funding for serious remedial works, but agreed that the City Council would invest 60,000 euro in a hydraulic study.
Popular culture
The river is mentioned in passing in Roddy Doyle's book "A Star Called Henry."
References
Bibliography
Rivers of Dublin (city)
Artane, Dublin
Clontarf, Dublin
Raheny
Jane S. Schacter (born June 27, 1958) is the William Nelson Cromwell Professor of Law at Stanford Law School and a nationally recognized scholar of constitutional law, statutory interpretation, and sexual orientation law. As an expert on the topic of marriage equality, Schacter has been interviewed by numerous leading news publications, including The New York Times, The Washington Post, The Economist, The Guardian, Bloomberg Businessweek, and the San Francisco Chronicle.
Education and early career
Schacter graduated from Scarsdale High School in 1976.
They received their A.B. in History from the University of Michigan in 1980 and their J.D., cum laude, from Harvard Law School in 1984. From 1984 to 1985, Schacter clerked for the Honorable Raymond J. Pettine of the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island.
Following their clerkship, Schacter worked as a litigation associate for the law firm of Hill & Barlow in Boston, Massachusetts, from 1985 to 1987 and again from 1989 to 1991. From 1987 to 1989, Schacter worked as an assistant attorney general for the Massachusetts Department of the Attorney General.
Career
Schacter joined the law faculty of the University of Wisconsin Law School in 1991, where they were an Assistant Professor of Law from 1991 to 1996 and an Associate Professor of Law from 1996 to 1998. Schacter left for the University of Michigan Law School in 1998 but returned to the University of Wisconsin Law School as a Professor of Law in 2000. At the University of Wisconsin, Schacter won numerous teaching awards, including the Chancellor's Award for Distinguished Teaching in 1998 and the Alumni Association Teacher of the Year Award in both 1996 and 2005.
Schacter joined the Stanford Law School faculty in 2006 and was named the William Nelson Cromwell Professor of Law in 2007.
Publications
Schacter co-edits a leading casebook on constitutional law, Cases and Materials on Constitutional Law (5th ed.) (with William N. Eskridge & Philip P. Frickey), and a leading casebook on sexual orientation and the law, Cases and Materials on Sexual Orientation and the Law (5th ed.) (with William B. Rubenstein, Carlos A. Ball, and Douglas G. Nejaime).
Schacter has written widely on the topics of constitutional law and marriage equality. Them work has been published in the Michigan Law Review, the Yale Law Journal, the Harvard Law Review, the Stanford Law Review, the New York University Law Review, and the Southern California Law Review.
References
Living people
Harvard Law School alumni
Stanford Law School faculty
University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts alumni
1958 births
Scarsdale High School alumni
The 2007 election of members to the Senate of the Philippines was the 29th election to the Senate of the Philippines. It was held on Monday, May 14, 2007, to elect 12 of the 24 seats in the Senate. Together with those elected in 2004, they will comprise the 14th Congress via plurality-at-large voting. The senators elected in 2004 will serve until June 30, 2010, while the senators elected in this election will serve up to June 30, 2013. The elections to the House of Representatives as well as local elections occurred on the same date. The Philippines uses plurality-at-large voting for seats in the Senate.
In the election, the opposition-backed alliance called the Genuine Opposition (GO) defeated the administration-led alliance TEAM Unity by winning seven of the twelve seats in the Senate. For the first time in Philippine history, Antonio Trillanes was elected as a senator while currently detained for mutiny and rebellion charges. Almost the incumbents running for reelection won except for Ralph Recto who was at fourteenth place.
An electoral protest of GO's Koko Pimentel, the 13th placed candidate, against TEAM Unity's Juan Miguel Zubiri, the 12th place candidate, resulted in Zubiri's resignation in the Senate, and the Senate Electoral Tribunal's decision to replace Pimentel with Zubiri. This led to GO winning 7 seats, the biggest win by the opposition in the Senate election history since 1951, notwithstanding 2 other opposition candidates won, and only 2 administration candidates won.
Official candidates
On March 19, 2007, COMELEC released Resolution No.7832 which finalized and approved the official candidates for the senatorial election. On March 29, 2007, COMELEC certified 37 Senatorial Candidates.
Background
COMELEC issues
On March 11, 2007, the Old COMELEC Building in Intramuros, Manila was burned by a blazing fire ruining several ballot boxes and pending election protests. The Genuine Opposition considered the fire as political act which ended in burning of several election protests and contested ballot boxes. Investigators found out that instead of arson, it was the generator of the building which caused and since the building was built with tar and wood it would easily raze by fire. The Commission on Elections (COMELEC) faced scrutiny because of the fire that hit its old building on March 11 resulting in speculations of conspiracies to cheat on the May 14 elections. The COMELEC was also lambasted for publishing on the internet the names, addresses and details of registered voters.
The Aquino issue
Three people with the name Aquino filed their candidacies (Benigno Aquino III, Teresa Aquino-Oreta and Theodore Aquino), and there was confusion as to who is credited with a vote if someone wrote only "Aquino" on the ballot. Since Theodore Aquino was disqualified because they had dual citizenship and former Sen. Teresa Aquino-Oreta has the last name Oreta, COMELEC ruled that all votes with only the name Aquino would go to Tarlac Rep. Benigno Aquino III. All three Aquinos are related to each other.
The Cayetano issue
The matter was the same as the Aquino issue. Representative Alan Peter Cayetano (Taguig-Pateros) found out that a certain Joselito Cayetano belonging to the Kilusang Bagong Lipunan (KBL) filed their candidacy with the nickname "Peter" which was really "Jojo". Alan therefore filed a disqualification case (SPA 07-019) against Jojo. Jojo was declared a nuisance candidate by the COMELEC resolution on March 27, 2007.
Jojo then filed for a motion for reconsideration which was eventually rejected on May 11, 2007, but COMELEC did not remove their name from the Official List of Senatorial Candidates and ruled on May 12, 2007, that all votes with only the name "CAYETANO" will be stray votes (discarded) and therefore not counted to either the candidates until Supreme Court resolved the matter. The COMELEC said that Jojo could file a motion for reconsideration at the Supreme Court within five days.
Coalitions and party groupings
TEAM Unity
TEAM (Together Everyone Achieves More) Unity was the administration-backed coalition composed mostly of supporters and erstwhile critics of then-President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo. TEAM Unity sought to take several Senate seats in order to ensure the passage of President Arroyo's legislative programs and also to protect them from any impeachment attempts by the political opposition after the midterm elections. This coalition is composed by different major political parties including Lakas—Christian Muslim Democrats, Kabalikat ng Malayang Pilipino, Nationalist People's Coalition, Laban ng Demokratikong Pilipino, and Partido Demokratiko Sosyalista ng Pilipinas. The coalition's campaign team was headed by veteran political strategist Reli German as campaign manager, together with Tourism Secretary Ace Durano as spokesperson and Ike Rodriguez as campaign director. TEAM Unity held their proclamation rally at the Cebu Coliseum on February 17, 2007.
Genuine Opposition
Genuine Opposition (GO) was the main opposition-backed coalition of the parties' senatorial line-up for the elections, which was in opposition to President Arroyo. It was originally called the "United Opposition" (UNO), created by opposition stalwart and Makati Mayor Jejomar Binay in June 2005 to unite all politicians who sought to impeach President Arroyo. UNO then reorganized itself and changed its name to Grand and Broad Coalition (GBC), with the UNO party under that coalition. On February 15, 2007, the group changed its name again to Genuine Opposition after a meeting with Senate President Manny Villar in their office in Las Piñas.
Campaign
Candidates made use of different campaign platforms to win. Prospero Pichay Jr., Manuel Villar, Mike Defensor, and Loren Legarda had been very visible in TV ads. Francis Pangilinan preferred to run as an independent and decided not to participate in sorties and campaign of the Genuine Opposition, even though they were initially drafted as a guest candidate. Teresa Aquino-Oreta had raised different reactions in their TV ad campaign asking the people's forgiveness being the “dancing queen” during the impeachment of deposed President Joseph Estrada. Some candidates like Francis Escudero, Vicente Magsaysay, Francis Pangilinan, Joker Arroyo, Antonio Trillanes and Koko Pimentel made use of the internet by joining networks sites like Friendster; making or updating Wikipedia entries, establishing blogs and websites and airing the commercials on YouTube.
Candidates
Administration coalition
Dominant opposition coalition
Other tickets
Independent
Retiring and term-limited incumbents
At this point in time, two senators are voluntarily retiring from the Senate at the end of their current term. As well four senators are term-limited by the Constitution of the Philippines after serving two consecutive terms. There was one vacancy left in the outgoing Senate as Noli de Castro (Independent) was elected as vice-president in 2004.
Franklin Drilon (Liberal): Term-limited in 2007, ran in 2010 and won
Loi Ejercito (PMP): Did not run in 2007, Retiring from politics
Juan Flavier (Lakas): Retiring from politics
Alfredo Lim (PMP): Ran for Mayor of Manila and won
Ramon Magsaysay Jr. (Lakas): Term-limited in 2007, ran in 2013 and lost
Sergio Osmeña III (PDP–Laban): Term-limited in 2007, campaigned for the Genuine Opposition, ran in 2010 and won
Opinion polls
Opinion polling (locally known as "surveys") is carried out by two major polling firms: Social Weather Stations (SWS), and Pulse Asia, with a handful of minor polling firms. A typical poll asks a voter to name twelve persons one would vote for in the senate election.
Winning candidates
Composition
Candidates who were not made it to the top 12, but were within the margin of error from the 12th-placed candidate, are denoted by figures inside the parenthesis.
Results
The Genuine Opposition (GO) originally won seven seats, TEAM Unity won three seats, a Liberal Party candidate not in any slate won one, and an independent won one.
Five incumbents successfully defended their seats: Edgardo Angara and Joker Arroyo for TEAM Unity, Panfilo Lacson and Manny Villar from GO, and Francis Pangilinan of the Liberal Party.
GO's Benigno Aquino III, Alan Peter Cayetano, Francis Escudero, Antonio Trillanes, and TEAM Unity's Juan Miguel Zubiri are the neophyte senators.
Returning are independent candidate Gregorio Honasan, and Loren Legarda from GO.
TEAM Unity's Ralph Recto was the sole incumbent defeated.
Juan Miguel Zubiri's seat would later be awarded to Koko Pimentel of GO in 2011 when the latter won an election protest against the former.
The election of Alfredo Lim as Mayor of Manila in concurrent elections means that their Senate seat will be vacant until June 30, 2010.
Key:
‡ Seats up
+ Gained by a party from another party
√ Held by the incumbent
* Held by the same party with a new senator
^ Vacancy
Per candidate
Per coalition
Per party
This table depicts the totals after the Senate Electoral Tribunal's 2011 decision on Pimentel v. Zubiri electoral protest.
Unofficial tallies
ABS-CBN/Pulse Asia
Numbers in percentages. Conducted by ABS-CBN and Pulse Asia.
NASSA/NAMFREL quick count
Partial and Unofficial - 197,084 of 224,748 precincts or 87.69% of total precincts. June 2, 2007 11:41 p.m. Batch 43.
Source: NAMFRELPHILIPPINES.org website
Aftermath
Although the Genuine Opposition gained control of the Senate after the elections, they were divided on who was to be next Senate President. As such, Senate President Manuel Villar (Nacionalista) formed a bloc in the Senate to contest the Senate presidency. Facing them was the minority leader Aquilino Pimentel Jr. backed by several fellow opposition senators. On July 26, 2007, Villar defeated Pimentel was elected to Senate by a vote of 15–7 with Villar and Pimentel voting for each other. Senator Antonio Trillanes was not allowed to attend the Senate session.
This is how the election for the Senate presidency went:
Pimentel vs. Zubiri electoral protest
The 12th Senate seat was contested between TEAM Unity's Juan Miguel Zubiri and GO's Koko Pimentel Zubiri was proclaimed In July 2007 with a margin of about 20,000 votes, but Pimentel filed an electoral protest to the Senate Electoral Tribunal (SET), which the tribunal accepted, alleging there was massive electoral fraud in Maguindanao. After the revision of votes on Pimentel's protest in July 2009, they released a statement that they now lead Zubiri by 96,000 votes; Zubiri countered that their counter-protest that alleges similar fraud in Mega Manila has them leading by around 132,000 votes in areas affected by their counterprotest.
In July 2011, suspended Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM) governor Zaldy Ampatuan and Maguindanao election supervisor Lintang Bedol alleged that there was indeed fraud in the ARMM in favor of TEAM Unity. On August 3, 2011, Zubiri resigned, maintaining that they had no hand in alleged electoral fraud in the ARMM. They withdrew their counter-protest, which led to the SET to proclaim Pimentel as the winner on August 11, 2011. Pimentel took their oath at Mati, Davao Oriental, where they had the highest rank among the provinces, finishing in second place.
Pimentel sued former president Gloria Macapagal Arroyo, COMELEC chairperson Benjamin Abalos, Maguinadanao elections supervisor Lintang Bedol and others for electoral sabotage on August 17, 2011, at the Department of Justice (DOJ). A joint DOJ-COMELEC panel began investigations on Pimentel's suit by November 3. On November 18, 2011, the commission voted to file charges against Arroyo and others at the Pasay Regional Trial Court, which later ordered Arroyo, Abalos and Bedol arrested later in the day.
References
External links
Official website of the Commission on Elections
Official website of National Movement for Free Elections (NAMFREL)
Official website of the Parish Pastoral Council for Responsible Voting (PPCRV)
VForce - 1 Million Volunteers for Clean Elections (VForce)
Media websites
Halalan 2007 - Election coverage by ABS-CBN
Eleksyon 2007- Election coverage by GMA Network
Eleksyon 2007 - Election coverage by the Philippine Daily Inquirer
2007 Philippine general election
2007
Gallery of Archduke Leopold Wilhelm in Brussels is a 17th-century painting of Archduke Leopold Wilhelm's Italian art collection by the Flemish Baroque painter David Teniers the Younger, now held in the Schleissheim Palace.
The painting shows the Archduke as a collector pointing with their cane towards a few paintings propped against each other on the floor. Behind them is the artist wearing a gold chain and sword, the attributes of honor for their role as gallery director for the archduke. Above the door is a portrait of another patron of the artist, King Philip IV of Spain, and behind the large paintings on the right is a bust on a pedestal of Queen Christina of Sweden. On the left behind the table is an assistant holding a print. The table foot has been documented as a creation of the sculptor Adriaen de Vries depicting Ganymede. The paintings are arranged in rows on the walls, and is one of the paintings that David Teniers the Younger prepared to document the Archduke's collection before they employed 12 engravers to publish their Theatrum Pictorium, considered the "first illustrated art catalog". They published this book of engravings after the Archduke had moved to Austria and taken their collection with him. It was published in Antwerp in 1659 and again in 1673.
In their catalog raisonné of Teniers' works, Margret Klinge dates this painting after 1654 because in the similar gallery painting dated 1653 their portrait does not show the keys, chain, and sword that they are shown wearing in the portrait by Philips Fruytiers dated 1655. Furthermore, the painting of The Three Philosophers and several other Italian paintings are painted in mirror image, which may indicate that they were working from their miniature copy rather than the original, which would have been a necessity after the Archduke left Brussels with their collection to return to Vienna in 1656.
List of paintings depicted
The following is a list of the recognizable paintings of the collection, not all of which were included in the Italian catalog prepared by Teniers, which was a selection of 243 of the most prized paintings out of a collection of 1300-1400 pieces. Many are still in the Viennese collection. Here is a list of the paintings depicted, which starts with the paintings at the top left, running from left to right and from top to bottom and continuing in the same way with the rear wall on the right.
References
David Teniers and the Theatre of Painting, exhibition 19 October 2006 to 21 January 2007 on website of the Courtauld Institute of Art
Catalog nr. 79 with an itemized list of the paintings on display, in David Teniers de Jonge : Schilderijen Tekeningen, exhibition catalog Koninklijk Museum voor Schone Kunsten 11 mei - 1 September 1991, by Margret Klinge, Snoeck, 1991,
Room 9 description in Schleissheim Palace
1650s paintings
17th-century paintings
Collections of museums in Germany
Paintings in the collection of the Archduke Leopold Wilhelm of Austria
Paintings of art galleries
Paintings by David Teniers the Younger
1977 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1977 ACC men's basketball tournament
1977 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Zijad Subašić (d. 1992) was a Bosnian Muslim paramilitary leader in Višegrad during the early stage of the Bosnian War (1992–95). They were a founding member of the Patriotic League in Višegrad. After being wounded in a street battle with Serb militias in 1992, they were taken to the hospital in Foča which was still under the Muslim control. After Foča was occupied by the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA), they were taken out of the hospital, brought back to Višegrad and murdered on the Mehmed Paša Sokolović Bridge, a historical location which was used by the Bosnian Serb Army to murder Bosniak civilians during the war. Today, Zijad Subašić is considered a hero among many former citizens of Višegrad. Their body was exhumed from a mass grave and identified.
See also
Višegrad massacre
References
Year of birth missing
1992 deaths
People from Višegrad
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Military personnel of the Bosnian War
Buffalo Run is a stream located entirely within Ritchie County, West Virginia.
Buffalo Run was so named by Native Americans after the buffalo, which was hunted in the area until the 1790s.
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of Ritchie County, West Virginia
Rivers of West Virginia
The Clyde River (Dhurga: Bhundoo) is an open intermediate tide dominated drowned valley estuary, or perennial river that flows into the Tasman Sea at Batemans Bay, located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.
Course and features
The Clyde River rises below Kangaroo Hill in the Budawang Range, part of the Great Dividing Range, within Budawang National Park, south of the locality of Sassafras, and flows generally southwards parallel to the east coast, joined by nine tributaries including the Bimberamala, Yadboro, and Buckenbowra rivers, before turning east and reaching its mouth of the Tasman Sea at Batemans Bay. The river descends over its course.
The lower reaches of the Clyde River form a substantial estuary up to from its mouth which is navigable by small vessels to Nelligen, with a tidal ebb of up to . The coastal estuary covers a catchment area of and contains approximately of water over an estimated surface area of ; and at an average depth of .
The river is one of the last major rivers in eastern Australia that has not been dammed. Porters Creek, a tributary of one of the Clyde's tributaries, Pigeon House Creek, is dammed by the Porters Creek Dam, which supplies water to coastal towns.
In its upper reaches, the river forms within the Budawang National Park; while in its lower reaches, the river flows through the Clyde River National Park.
Water quality of the basin is very good. The upper catchment is heavily timbered (state forests and national parks); there is a small amount of logging in the Yadboro State Forest. There are no polluting industries in its catchment, nor any sewage outflows, and thus the river has a reputation for the cleanest, the least polluted waters of any major river in eastern Australia.
History and naming
The region was first occupied by the Walbunja people from the Yuin nation.
Their name for the river, Bhundoo, means "Deep Water".
The river was given the name Clyde River after the River Clyde in Glasgow, Scotland, by Lieutenant Robert Johnston, who navigated the river aboard the cutter Snapper on 1 December 1821.
Crossings
The river crossings, from its headwaters to its river mouth, include:
Yadboro Flats bridge, from Yadboro Road to Western Distributor Road, downstream from the junction with Yadboro River
Clyde Ridge Road bridge
Shallow Crossing, on The River Road, a concrete causeway/ford, at the tidal limit of the Clyde estuary
Nelligen bridge, on the Kings Highway
Batemans Bay bridge, on the Princes Highway. The old steel truss bridge has been replaced by a new, higher bridge with two lanes for traffic in each direction. The new bridge formally opened on 27 March 2021, after which the old bridge was dismantled. The new bridge is designed to ease traffic congestion and delays caused by the limitations of the old bridge, which only had one narrow lane in each direction. In addition, the old bridge had a central section which is raised to allow tall watercraft to pass underneath. This meant regular delays for local and holiday traffic which was frequently backed up for several kilometres as a result.
Gallery
See also
Rivers of New South Wales
List of rivers of New South Wales (A–K)
List of rivers of Australia
References
External links
Rivers of New South Wales
South Coast (New South Wales)
The Houston Christian Huskies softball team, known as the Houston Baptist Huskies until 2022, represents the Houston Christian University, located in Houston, Texas. The Huskies are a member of the Southland Conference and participate in NCAA Division I college softball. The team is currently led by head coach Mary–Ellen Hall and plays home games at Husky Field.
History
Source:
The first year of the softball team was 1989 under Dr. Les Sanders who led the Huskies for three seasons finishing with an overall record of 47–75. The current head coach, Mary–Ellen Hall, started in 1992. The 2015 season was their 24th as head coach of the team. As of the conclusion of the 2015 season, the Huskies's record under Hall is 741–440. Overall, the team has an all-time record of 788–513 (.606).
The Huskies competed in NCAA Division I play their initial season, 1989. From 1990 through 2007, the team competed in NAIA Division I play. While an NAIA member, the team was nationally ranked every season from 1996 through the final NAIA season, 2007. Highest final ranking was in 2nd in 2005 when the Huskies finished the season with a 51–5 record.
In 2008, the Huskes moved back to NCAA Division I play competing initially as an independent. Joining the Great West Conference in 2010, the Huskies won the conference championship in 2011. The Huskies started Southland Conference play in 2013.
Year-by-year results
Head coaches
References
External links
San Canzian d'Isonzo (Bisiacco: ; ; ) is a comune (municipality) in the province of Gorizia, in Friuli – Venezia Giulia, Italy.
The small town is situated about from Gorizia, the capital of the province, and west of the important port of Trieste. Its name refers to the martyrs Cantius, Cantianus, and Cantianilla, who are said to have been beheaded here in 304 AD.
It is also the birthplace of Italian footballer and former Milan manager Fabio Capello.
Hamlets
Pieris
Notable people
Gastone Bean
Lucio Bertogna, professional footballer
Fabio Capello, Italian former professional football manager and player
Mario Tortul
Tullio Zuppet, (1926 - 1998), professional football player (Atalanta 1946-49) and top manager of FIAT Auto
References
This is a list of the French SNEP Top 100 Singles number-ones of 1997.
Summary
Singles Chart
See also
1997 in music
List of number-one hits (France)
List of artists who reached number one on the French Singles Chart
References
1997 in French music
1997 record charts
Lists of number-one songs in France
Elisha Clark (September 22, 1752—December 12, 1838) was a Vermont veteran of the American Revolution who was active in government, including serving as the state's first Auditor of Accounts.
Biography
Clark was born in Norwich, Connecticut on September 22, 1752.
They served in the Revolution, receiving a pension for service as a Sergeant under Seth Warner with the Green Mountain Boys and as Adjutant under Colonel Samuel Herrick in the Vermont Militia. They also served as a commissary and deputy commissary of issues.
They settled in Tinmouth, Vermont and served in several local offices, including Justice of the Peace.
Clark served as Rutland County Probate Judge from 1784 to 1803.
They were Vermont's first Auditor of Accounts, serving from 1790 to 1797.
Death and burial
Clark died in Tinmouth on December 12, 1838. They were buried in Tinmouth's Noble Family Cemetery.
Family
Clark was married three times. With first wife Mary Stewart they had a daughter named Polly. With second wife Betsey Jewell, the widow of David Spofford, they had two sons—Elisha, Jr. and Harry. Their third wife was Edna Mattocks (1767-1847). Their children included: Harry Clark (1786-1846); Edny M. Clark (1794-1816); Albert S. Clark (1802-1864); and Burr R. Clark (1803-1882).
References
1752 births
1838 deaths
People of Vermont in the American Revolution
Vermont militiamen in the American Revolution
Military history of Vermont
State Auditors of Vermont
Politicians from Norwich, Connecticut
People from Tinmouth, Vermont
People of pre-statehood Vermont
Burials in Vermont
American justices of the peace
Military personnel from Norwich, Connecticut
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town La Bruyère, Belgium. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
List of protected heritage sites in Namur (province)
La Bruyère, Belgium
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
La Bruyere
Ananthu may refer to:
Ananthu (screenwriter), Indian Tamil-language screenwriter
Ananthu (singer), Indian Tamil-language singer
Ananthu vs Nusrath, Indian Kannada-language film
HeadOn is the brand name of a topical product claimed to relieve headaches. It achieved widespread notoriety in 2006 as a result of a repetitive commercial, consisting only of the tagline "HeadOn. Apply directly to the forehead", stated three times in succession. Originally sold as a homeopathic preparation, the brand was transferred in 2008 to Sirvision, Inc., who re-introduced the product with a new formulation.
Commercial
HeadOn's notoriety came in part because of its advertisements on cable and daytime programming on broadcast television which consisted of using only the tagline "HeadOn. Apply directly to the forehead", stated three times in succession, accompanied by a video of a model using the product without ever directly stating the product's purpose.
Manufacturer Miralus Healthcare decided not to include any factual claims about the product in the spots after the National Advertising Division of the Better Business Bureau objected to the claim that HeadOn provided "fast, safe, effective" headache relief made in an earlier spot. A previous campaign included the phrase "Should I know about HeadOn?"
Miralus Healthcare used focus groups to try a number of potential commercials, with one focused solely on repetition; the focus groups recalled the ads much more than with any other method, although many people considered them irritating. Dan Charron, vice president of sales and marketing at Miralus, told the Los Angeles Times that nobody in the focus groups had told them that the ads were irritating.
Reception
The commercial led to a number of parodies appearing on Web sites such as YouTube, USA Today reports, including extended versions of the ad which loop the repetitive tagline for durations upwards of ten hours, eventually making it an internet meme. The technophile magazine Make describes how to turn it into a ringtone. The commercial is parodied in the 2008 spoof film Disaster Movie.
Ownership transfer
On September 26, 2008, ownership of the HeadOn brand and its manufacture were transferred to Sirvision, Inc. of North America. Sirvision re-introduced HeadOn with a new formulation, claiming it now contains "a clinically proven active ingredient for topical headache relief." There were no peer-reviewed studies showing that the original HeadOn formula worked, and the scientific consensus is that homeopathic preparations do not help beyond the placebo effect. The new formulation has not yet been investigated.
Sirvision Inc, which bought the product line, have stated that they intend to refocus the infamous advertisements in a "more scientific direction".
Other products
Three related products are currently produced by former manufacturer of HeadOn Miralus Healthcare:
ActivOn – described on the company's website as a topical analgesic for arthritis-like joint pains, in multiple formulations. Additionally, the product originally named FirstOn, a topical anti-itch product, is now called ActivOn Maximum Strength Anti-Itch.
PreferOn – A topical product containing vitamin E, claimed to improve the appearance of scars
RenewIn – A pill claimed to improve joint comfort, flexibility and mobility, in multiple formulations
A homeopathic hemorrhoid cream, FREEdHem, was withdrawn from the market. Like HeadOn, FREEdHem featured repetition in its ads, which said "Freedom from hemorrhoids, FREEdHem hemorrhoid cream" or "FREEdHem, the only one-application hemorrhoidal cream" three times.
Ingredients
The original homeopathic formula was purportedly developed at the Herpolscheimer clinic in Graz, Austria. It was originally distributed by Miralus Healthcare.
As of September 2000, there were two versions of HeadOn available in markets/stores: ExtraStrength and Migraine. Chemical analysis of the Migraine formulation has shown that the product consists almost entirely of wax. The three "active ingredients" are iris versicolor 12X, white bryony 12X, and potassium dichromate 6X. The "X" notation indicates that the three chemicals have been diluted to 1 part per trillion, 1 part per trillion, and 1 part per million respectively. This amount of dilution is so great that the product has been described as a placebo; with skeptic James Randi calling it a "major medical swindle". The formula for the Extra Strength version of the product is the same as the Migraine except that it excludes the iris versicolor.
Seymour Diamond, director of the Diamond Headache Clinic in Chicago and the inpatient headache unit at St. Joseph Hospital, was quoted as saying "I see nothing in this product that has any validity whatsoever." Consumer Reports states that no clinical-trial data involving HeadOn have been presented, and that "any apparent efficacy may be the result of the placebo effect."
Correspondence was published with a statement from HeadOn Customer Service that "It works through the nerves."
Criticisms
Unlike traditional headache medicines, the efficacy of HeadOn has not been systematically studied in any controlled scientific experimental study. In line with other homeopathic medicines, Miralus Healthcare claims that the medicinal properties of HeadOn's ingredients are released via its dilution technique. However, the dilution technique leaves virtually none of the active ingredient in the product, and nowhere in scientific literature has the claim been supported that dilutions are effective in releasing the medicinal properties of any ingredients.
Moreover, none of HeadOn's ingredients have any scientifically supported effectiveness in treatment of a headache. One of the ingredients, white bryony, is a highly toxic berry that is lethal if 40 such berries are ingested; however, dilution leaves virtually none of this ingredient in the product, which is why its makers can claim the treatment has no side effects (or any effects at all). Another ingredient, goldenseal (Hydrastis canadensis), has no known effectiveness in the treatment of any condition.
The efficacy of the HeadOn product is supported by a few questionable testimonials found on the Miralus Healthcare website. Miralus also markets many other questionable healthcare products containing low, if any, levels of any active ingredients.
References
External links
Official website (archived)
Slate Magazine's review of the ad
Voice Magazine's criticism of the ad and product
American television commercials
2000s television commercials
Internet memes
Homeopathic remedies
Topolog is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Calfa, Cerbu (historical name:Hagiomer), Făgărașu Nou, Luminița (historical names: Rum Ali, Urumbei - until 1925, Regina Elisabeta - until 1948, Elena Pavel - until 1964), Măgurele, Sâmbăta Nouă and Topolog.
Făgărașu Nou (“New Făgăraș”) was founded around 1880 by Mihai Popa Radu, a former captain in the Austro-Hungarian Army. Naming the new village after their hometown, they brought along seventeen families from Transylvania, part of a broader migration of Mocani.
Notes
References
Lavinia Dacia Gheorghe, “Personalități mocane în județul Constanța (secolul XIX - începutul secolului XX)”, in Acta Musei Porolissensis, vol. XXXI-XXXII/2010, pp. 71-86
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Murdi is a village in Pindra Tehsil of Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Murdi has its own gram panchayat by the same name as the village. The village is about 23 kilometers North-West of Varanasi city, 314 kilometers South-East of state capital Lucknow and 809 kilometers South-East of the national capital Delhi.
Demography
Murdi has a total population of 1,374 people amongst 203 families. Sex ratio of this village is 1,006 and child sex ratio is 894. Uttar Pradesh state average for both ratios is 912 and 902 respectively .
Transportation
Murdi can be accessed by road and does not have a railway station of its own. Closest railway station to this village is Khalispur Railway Station (19 kilometers North-West). Nearest operational airports are Varanasi airport (11 kilometers South-West) and Allahabad Airports (149 kilometers West).
See also
Pindra Tehsil
Pindra (Assembly constituency)
Notes
All demographic data is based on 2011 Census of India.
References
Villages in Varanasi district
The black-necked red cotinga (Phoenicircus nigricollis) is a species of bird in the family Cotingidae, the cotingas.
It is found in the western Amazon Basin of Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru; also the very southern border region of Venezuela with Amazonas state.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
This is a distinctive red bird with black wings and a narrow black band across the tip of its tail.
Distribution
Western Amazon Basin
The black-necked red cotinga is found in the western Amazon Basin in two distinct ranges, one in the northwest Basin, the other in the central–southwest.
The northwestern range in the Amazon Basin has the Amazon River as its southern limit; in the east it is limited to the Rio Negro confluence with the Amazon and then on its western shore and beyond, upstream and crossing into the very southern border area of Venezuela, but continuing west into all of Amazonian southern Colombia and eastern Ecuador. From this contiguous range it extends southward into the very west of the southwestern Amazon Basin in northern Peru, and is again limited to the northern bank of the lower stretch of the Ucayali River, and the north bank Marañón River-(the western Amazon River).
The second range in the center–southwest is also of similar size and is limited on the west by the east bank of the Madeira River, the north by the Amazon River, and extends the range east beyond the Tapajós River, the lower downstream half.
Of note, the other cotinga in the two-genus Phoenicircus, the Guianan red cotinga has a range in the Guianas and the eastern Amazon Basin; it only intersects ranges with the black-necked in the lower quarter of the Tapajós River drainage, and environs.
References
External links
Graphic; Article w/ species synopsis montereybay.com—"Best Birds of the World"
black-necked red cotinga
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
black-necked red cotinga
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Richard Saunders van der Knaap (born 20 April 1947) is a former South African cricketer. Van der Knaap was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm medium pace. They were born in Johannesburg, Transvaal Province.
Van der Knaap made their debut for Berkshire in the 1975 Minor Counties Championship against Buckinghamshire. Van der Knaap represented the county in 4 Minor Counties matches, with their final Minor Counties appearance coming against Hertfordshire.
In 1976, Van der Knaap also represented Berkshire in a single List-A match against Hertfordshire in the Gillette Cup. In their only List-A match, they scored 12* with the bat, while with the ball they took a single wicket, although with a good economy rate of 1.96 runs per over from their 10.1 overs.
Family
Their brother David represented Lancashire and Transvaal in first-class cricket.
References
External links
Richard van der Knaap at Cricinfo
Richard van der Knaap at CricketArchive
1947 births
Living people
Cricketers from Johannesburg
South African cricketers
Berkshire cricketers
Kazuhisa Ishii (石井 一久 Ishii Kazuhisa) (born September 9, 1973) is a Japanese former professional baseball pitcher and current manager and general manager for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB). They played in NPB for the Yakult Swallows and Saitama Seibu Lions and in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Los Angeles Dodgers and New York Mets.
Career
Ishii was selected in the first round of the Japanese amateur draft by the Yakult Swallows. They made their debut in the Central League on June 9, at the age of 18. They were a member of the Japan Series winning team that season, a feat accomplished a total of five times during their career with the Swallows. During their ten years playing in Japan, they amassed a record of 78–46 with a 3.38 ERA and 1,277 strikeouts in 1,184 innings pitched. On September 2, , they threw a no-hitter against the Yokohama BayStars.
Ishii was signed as a free agent by the Los Angeles Dodgers in after the Dodgers posted the top bid for the right to negotiate with him. They made their major league debut on April 6, 2002, striking out ten batters and allowing two hits and no runs in five and two-thirds innings against the Chicago Cubs. They went on to win their first six starts and was named National League Rookie of the Month for April 2002.
On September 8, 2002, Ishii was struck in the face by a ball hit by Brian Hunter of the Houston Astros. Ishii underwent emergency surgery for a nasal fracture wherein they had bone chips removed and replaced with a small titanium plate. They did not pitch again that season. Ishii led the major leagues with 106 walks but finished with a 14–10 record and placed fourth in National League Rookie of the Year voting.
During and , Ishii developed a reputation as a much better pitcher in the first half of seasons. In their three years in the major leagues, Ishii was 29–15 with a 3.50 ERA prior to the All-Star break, but only 7–13 with a 5.77 ERA after. Ishii was also known for their control problems, yielding 305 walks in 473 innings. They were among the top five in walks allowed each of their three seasons in the National League. They were also the only MLB pitcher to give up two bases-loaded triples in 2003.
In March , the New York Mets acquired Ishii in exchange for catcher Jason Phillips to replace injured starting pitcher Steve Trachsel. After posting a record of only 3–9 with an ERA over five, the Mets released them the following December.
Ishii returned to Japan and played from 2006 for the Tokyo Yakult Swallows. They were signed as a free agent to the Saitama Seibu Lions in 2008.
Ishii announced their retirement on September 24, 2013.
In September 2018, Ishii became the general manager of NPB's Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles. In November 2020, it was announced that Ishii would take over both managerial and GM duties for the team's upcoming 2021 season.
Personal
Ishii is married to Ayako Kisa, a television presenter for BS Asahi's "Ima Sekaiwa" ("今世界は") program, and has one child, Kanta, and resides in Chiba, Japan.
References
External links
1973 births
Baseball people from Chiba Prefecture
Japanese expatriate baseball players in the United States
Living people
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from Japan
Managers of baseball teams in Japan
New York Mets players
Nippon Professional Baseball pitchers
Norfolk Tides players
People from Chiba (city)
Saitama Seibu Lions players
St. Lucie Mets players
Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles managers
Tokyo Yakult Swallows players
Yakult Swallows players
Polygonum species (knotweeds) are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including:
Monophagous
Species which feed exclusively on Polygonum
Coleophoridae
Several Coleophora case-bearer species:
C. borea
C. shaleriella
Polyphagous
Species which feed on Polygonum and other plants
Gelechiidae
Chionodes discoocellella
Geometridae
Idaea aversata (riband wave)
Idaea biselata (small fan-footed wave)
Orthonama obstipata (gem) – leaves
Timandra comae (blood-vein)
Noctuidae
Agrotis clavis (heart and club)
Agrotis exclamationis (heart and dart)
Axylia putris (flame)
Euxoa nigricans (garden dart)
Melanchra persicariae (dot moth)
Orthosia gothica (Hebrew character)
External links
Polygonum
+Lepidoptera
Ailbhe is an Irish name. It was originally a male name, and was frequently anglicized as Albert (a name to which it is etymologically unrelated), but is now more commonly a female name. Famous bearers of the name include:
Ailbhe, another name for Saint Ailbe (died 528)
Ailbhe of Ceann Mhara (died 814), cleric
Ailbe Ua Maíl Mhuaidh (died 1223), bishop
Ailbhe Garrihy, Irish social media influencer
Ailbhe Mac Shamhráin (1954–2011), historian and Celticist
Ailbhe Smyth (born 1946), academic, feminist, and LGBTQ activist
Ailbhe Ní Ghearbhuigh (born 1984), poet
Ailbe, the dog in The Tale of Mac Da Thó's Pig
Maktab al-Nasser prison is a prison in the Abu Salim district of Tripoli, Libya. Prior to the fall of Muammar Gaddafi's government in the 2011 Libyan civil war, it served as a prison and office of the internal security agency. Many of the prisoners held there would often be later transferred to Abu Salim prison.
References
Prisons in Libya
Organizations based in Tripoli
Budelli is an island in the Maddalena archipelago, near the strait of Bonifacio in northern Sardinia, Italy. It is one of the seven islands that comprise Arcipelago di La Maddalena National Park.
Geography
Budelli is several hundred metres south of the islands of Razzoli and Santa Maria. It has an area of and a circumference of . The highest point is Monte Budello, at .
History
In antiquity, the Romans used the island. More recently, it was the site of some of the filming for Red Desert, released in 1964. For decades, the island had a series of private owners.
Budelli is especially renowned for its Spiaggia Rosa (Pink Beach), on the southeastern shoreline, which owes its colour to microscopic fragments of corals and shells, such as Miriapora truncata and Miniacina miniacea, and was featured in Antonioni's 1964 film Il deserto rosso (The Red Desert). Budelli was one of four uninhabited islands in the Maddalena archipelago—the others being Caprera, Spargi and Razzoli. However, from 1989 to 2021, the island had a permanent caretaker, Mauro Morandi, who took over from a married couple.
Rules imposed as of the 1990s by La Maddalena NP have not allowed tourists to walk on the pink beach or swim in the sea; however, day trips by boat, as well as walking along a path behind the beach, were permitted.
In October 2013, the island was to be sold for €2.94 million to New Zealand business person Michael Harte after the bankruptcy of the previous owner. Harte intended to protect the island's ecosystem. The government protested, and after a three year court battle, a judge in Sardinia reverted the island to the state, with the national park planning to use it for environmental education.
Inhabitants
The sole former occupant of the island, Mauro Morandi, lived there from 1989 until their eviction in April 2021. To explain why they could not be allowed to live on the island indefinitely, the park's president said in 2016: "[He] symbolizes a man enchanted by the elements who decide to devote their life to contemplation and custody ... No one ignores their role in representing the historical memory of the place … But it's hard to find a contractual arrangement for a person in their position."
See also
List of islands of Italy
References
External links
Islands of Sardinia
Uninhabited islands of Italy
The Uruguay national beach handball team is the national team of Uruguay. It is governed by the Uruguay Handball Federation and takes part in international beach handball competitions.
Results
World Championship
World Beach Games
Other Competitions
2019 South American Beach Games –
2019 South and Central American Beach Handball Championship -
2022 South and Central American Beach Handball Championship -
Youth team results
2022 Youth Beach Handball World Championship - 14th
2022 South and Central American Youth Beach Handball Championship -
References
External links
Official website
IHF profile
Beach handball
National beach handball teams
"Bernardine", often misspelled "Bernadine," is a 1957 song that was written by Johnny Mercer. (The prolific Mercer generally wrote lyrics for other composers, but for this song they were both composer and lyricist.)
The best-known version is by Pat Boone, who had a number one hit with it on the Billboard Best Sellers in Stores chart for one week beginning June 10, 1957. This was mainly due to it being the flip side of Pat Boone's hit recording "Love Letters in the Sand". It also reached No. 14 in the Jockeys chart and No. 23 in the Top 100. The song is performed by Boone in the movie of the same name.
References
Sources
The Johnny Mercer Educational Archives
1957 songs
Songs written by Johnny Mercer
Pat Boone songs
Morris County (standard abbreviation: MR) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 5,386. The largest city and county seat is Council Grove.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau. In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles.
In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre. In 1848, after the Mexican–American War, the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo with Mexico brought into the United States all or part of land for ten future states, including southwest Kansas. In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state.
19th century
The county was established on ancient grounds of the Kaw American Indian tribe. Settlers and the Kaw lived in increasingly uneasy relationship as settlers encroached on native lands.
Council Grove, established by European Americans in 1825, was an important supply station on the Santa Fe Trail. The town was also the site of an encampment by John C. Fremont in 1845 and in 1849 the Overland Mail established a supply headquarters there.
From 1821 to 1866, the Santa Fe Trail was active across Morris County.
The county was originally organized as Wise County in 1855. The county was named for Virginia Governor Henry A. Wise. When Wise presided over the hanging of abolitionist John Brown at Harpers Ferry in 1859, abolition supporters renamed it to Morris County in honor of Thomas Morris, a former United States Senator from Ohio who was an opponent of slavery.
From 1846 to 1873, a Kaw Indian Reservation was centered around Council Grove, Kansas on 20 square miles of land. In 1851, the Methodist Church established an Indian Mission in Morris County.
Between 1877 and 1879, Benjamin "Pap" Singleton, a former slave who escaped to freedom in 1846, staked out a settlement in Morris County for freedmen known as "Exodusters". Thousands of families migrated from the post-Reconstruction South to seek more opportunities and better living conditions in the Midwest.
In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a main line from Topeka to Herington. This main line connected Topeka, Valencia, Willard, Maple Hill, Vera, Paxico, McFarland, Alma, Volland, Alta Vista, Dwight, White City, Latimer, Herington. The Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway was foreclosed in 1891 and taken over by Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railway, which shut down in 1980 and reorganized as Oklahoma, Kansas and Texas Railroad, merged in 1988 with Missouri Pacific Railroad, merged in 1997 with Union Pacific Railroad. Most locals still refer to this railroad as the "Rock Island".
In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a branch line from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This branch line connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior. At some point, the line from Neva to Lost Springs was pulled but the right of way has not been abandoned. This branch line was originally called "Strong City and Superior line" but later the name was shortened to the "Strong City line". In 1996, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway merged with Burlington Northern Railroad and renamed to the current BNSF Railway.
20th century
The National Old Trails Road, also known as the Ocean-to-Ocean Highway, was established in 1912, and was routed through Herington, Delavan, Council Grove.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Geary County (north)
Wabaunsee County (northeast)
Lyon County (southeast)
Chase County (south)
Marion County (southwest)
Dickinson County (west)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 6,104 people, 2,539 households, and 1,777 families residing in the county. The population density was 9 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 3,160 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.49% White, 0.34% Black or African American, 0.33% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.70% from other races, and 0.88% from two or more races. 2.23% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,539 households, out of which 30.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 60.70% were married couples living together, 6.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.00% were non-families. 28.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.90.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.20% under the age of 18, 5.60% from 18 to 24, 23.90% from 25 to 44, 24.30% from 45 to 64, and 21.00% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 97.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,163, and the median income for a family was $39,717. Males had a median income of $28,912 versus $21,239 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,491. About 6.70% of families and 9.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 10.40% of those under age 18 and 13.30% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Like all of Kansas outside the eastern cities, Morris County is powerfully Republican. Only two Democratic presidential candidates have ever carried the county – Woodrow Wilson in 1916 and Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936, who ironically was opposing Kansan governor Alf Landon. Ross Perot did tie with George H. W. Bush in the county in 1992.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1992, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Morris County USD 417
Rural Vista USD 481
School district office in neighboring county
Centre USD 397
Chase County USD 284
Communities
Cities
Council Grove
Dunlap
Dwight
Herington (partly in Dickinson County)
Latimer
Parkerville
White City
Wilsey
Unincorporated community
†This populated place is designated a Census-Designated Place (CDP) by the United States Census Bureau.
Burdick†
Delavan
Diamond Springs
Skiddy
Townships
Morris County is divided into eleven townships. The cities of Council Grove and Herington are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Morris County, Kansas
References
Notes
Further reading
County
The Story of Council Grove on the Santa Fe Trail; 2nd Ed; Lalla Maloy Brigham; 176 pages; 1921.
Handbook of Morris County, Kansas; C.S. Burch Publishing Co; 24 pages; 1883.
Standard Atlas of Morris County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 63 pages; 1923.
Standard Atlas of Morris County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 53 pages; 1901.
Trails
The Story of the Marking of the Santa Fe Trail by the Daughters of the American Revolution in Kansas and the State of Kansas; Almira Cordry; Crane Co; 164 pages; 1915. (Download 4MB PDF eBook)
The National Old Trails Road To Southern California, Part 1 (LA to KC)''; Automobile Club Of Southern California; 64 pages; 1916. (Download 6.8MB PDF eBook)
External links
County
Morris County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Morris County maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1859 establishments in Kansas Territory
Antaeotricha ballista is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The average wingspan is 19–20 mm for males and about 24 mm for females. The forewings are whitish, on the dorsal half faintly brownish tinged. There are two very large dark fuscous blotches, the first extending on the dorsum from near the base to the middle, rounded above, reaching three-fourths across the wing, the second rounded, near the termen, not reaching the costa or the dorsum. There are seven or eight dark fuscous marginal dots around the apex and termen. The hindwings are light grey, darker towards the apex.
References
Moths described in 1916
ballista
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of South America
Epiphragmophora clausomphalos is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Epiphragmophoridae. It occurs in Peru.
References
Epiphragmophoridae
Stylommatophora
Gastropods described in 1850
RCAF Station Grostenquin, also known as 2 (Fighter) Wing or 2 Wing, was a Royal Canadian Air Force (RCAF) station located five km north of the town of Grostenquin in the Moselle department, Lorraine, northeastern France. It was one of four RCAF wings, consisting of three fighter squadrons each, established in Europe in the early 1950s at the beginning of the Cold War. The other three wings were located at RCAF Station Marville (1 Wing) in France, and RCAF Station Zweibrücken (3 Wing) and RCAF Station Baden-Soellingen (4 Wing) in the former West Germany.
These wings were components of the RCAF's No. 1 Air Division, part of the Fourth Allied Tactical Air Force (4 ATAF). They functioned as Canada's western European air defence commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).
History
1952–1964
No. 2 Wing's three squadrons flew from Canada between September 28 and October 11, 1952 during Operation Leapfrog II. They were the first of the Canadian Air Division squadrons to arrive in mainland Europe, and the first RCAF squadrons to be based on the European mainland since March 1946.
All twelve Air Division squadrons flew the Canadair Sabre day fighter. The squadrons originally based at Grostenquin were 416, 421 and 430. Beginning in 1956 four all-weather CF-100 squadrons entered service with Air Division. One squadron in each wing was replaced by a CF-100 squadron. No. 416 Squadron was replaced by 423 Squadrons at 2 Wing. In 1959 Canada adopted a controversial nuclear strike role in accordance with NATO's doctrine of "limited nuclear warfare" and began re-equipping with the new CF-104 Starfighter that could deliver nuclear weapons. This aircraft also had a reconnaissance role. In the fall of 1962 the Sabre squadrons of the Air Division, including 421 and 430 Squadrons at 2 Wing, were re-equipped with the Starfighter. Concurrently, CF-100s ceased operation in the Air Division and 423 Squadrons was disbanded.
Pilots from all three Sabre squadrons at 2 Wing flew with 2 Wings aerobatic team, the Sky Lancers. The team was formed in March 1955 and performed throughout Europe until October 1955. The following year the team was based at 4 Wing.
Other units located at Grostenquin include 601 Telecommunications Squadron and 109 Communications Flight. Logistics support for 2 Wing, as well as the other three wings, was provided by No. 30 Air Material Base (AMB) in Langar, U.K.
Families of service personnel were mainly accommodated in married quarters or PMQs consisting of 443 apartments at nearby Saint Avold. Other families were accommodated in private homes in local villages or in trailers on the base. Some personnel resided in single quarters on the station. Schools were located at Saint Avold and on the station. Recreational facilities on the base included an arena and pool. A grocery and general store, as well as a hospital were also located on the station.
NATO bases in France, including Grostenquin, were short-lived. In 1963 the Government of France announced that all nuclear weapons in France were to be placed under French control. This was unacceptable to the Canadian Government (and to other NATO governments with forces stationed in France), so the two nuclear strike squadrons of 2 Wing (421 and 430 Squadrons) were hastily relocated; 430 Squadron moved to 3 Wing Zweibrücken and 421 Squadrons moved to 4 Wing Baden-Soellingen. RCAF Station Grostenquin closed in 1964.
Post-RCAF
After 1964 the airfield was transferred to the French Armed Forces, but abandoned until 1979 when it was re-used as an electronic warfare training range (Polygone) by the French Air Force, French Army Aviation Corps, Luftwaffe and USAF.
Other than the hangars most of the RCAF logistics facilities are gone. The runway, taxiways and tarmac remain visible from aerial photos (as late as 2010) but markings have changed since the RCAF left in 1964.
See also
Ouvrage Kerfent – a former Maginot Line fortification used as a communications relay station by the RCAF in support of Grostenquin
Metz–Nancy–Lorraine Airport - a functioning public airport located west of Grostenquin
History of the Royal Canadian Air Force
References
Notes
Bibliography
Greenhous, Brereton and Halliday, Hugh A. Canada's Air Forces, 1914–1999. Montreal: Editions Art Global and the Department of National Defence, 1999. .
Milberry, Larry, ed. Sixty Years—The RCAF and CF Air Command 1924–1984. Toronto: Canav Books, 1984. .
Roberts, Leslie. There Shall Be Wings. Toronto: Clark, Irwin and Co. Ltd., 1959. No ISBN.
Dempsey, Daniel V. A Tradition of Excellence: Canada's Airshow Team Heritage. Victoria, BC: High Flight Enterprises, 2002. .
Loubette, Fabrice. Les forces aériennes de l'OTAN en Lorraine, 1952-1967 (Part II, Chapter 3, Grostenquin RCAF 2 Wing), Metz (France) : Serpenoise, 2008. .
External links
RCAF Station Grostenquin home page
416 Squadron History
421 Squadron History
423 Squadron History
430 Squadron History
Grostenquin
Canada–France relations
Buildings and structures in Moselle (department)
Polygone Range - Grostenquin
Military installations closed in 1964
The 2010 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship for Women Division C was the 6th edition of the Division C of the FIBA U16 Women's European Championship, the third tier of the European women's under-16 basketball championship. It was played in Andorra la Vella, Andorra, from 26 to 31 July 2010. Scotland women's national under-16 basketball team won the tournament.
Participating teams
First round
Group A
Group B
Playoffs
Final standings
References
2010
2010–11 in European women's basketball
FIBA U16
Sports competitions in Andorra la Vella
FIBA
Mount Wade is a massive mountain in Antarctica. It is the most distinctive landmark in its region and the highest in its range, standing six kilometres northwest of Mount Campbell in the Prince Olav Mountains. The mountain is easily viewed from Shackleton Glacier or the Ross Ice Shelf.
Discovery and etymology
The mountain was discovered by Roald Amundsen in 1911. It was photographed by Byrd on flights to the Queen Maud Mountains in November 1929. It was named by US-SCAN for F. Alton Wade (1903–78), a geologist with the Byrd Antarctic Expedition (1933–35). They were also senior scientist at West Base of the United States Antarctic Program (1939–41), and leader of two Texas Tech Shackleton Glacier Parties (1962–63 and 1964–65) to this vicinity; Senior Scientist USARP Marie Byrd Land Survey, 1966–67 and 1967–68.
References
Mountains of the Ross Dependency
Queen Maud Mountains
Dufek Coast
Four-thousanders of Antarctica
Nueva Camarines is a proposed province of the Philippines to be created out of Camarines Sur in the Bicol Region of the island of Luzon. The proposed province would border Camarines Sur to the west, the Philippine Sea to the north, Albay to the south, and to the east the island province of Catanduanes across Maqueda Channel. Its capital is expected to be Tigaon if the bill is passed.
House Bill 4820, which could have created the province passed the House of Representatives of the Philippines with 229 votes in favor to one against in 2011. However, at the end of 15th Congress, it failed to pass to the Senate, and was never ratified. In the 16th Congress under the former Representative Felix William Fuentebella, a bill was filed to repropose the creation of the province, but due to the lack of support from former Camarines Sur Representatives Maria Leonor Robredo and Salvio Fortuno, the proposal failed as well. Another bill was filed in the 18th Congress and 19th Congress under Representative Arnulf Bryan Fuentebella.
The bill was originally introduced by Congressman Arnulfo Fuentebella who currently represents the area of the new province in the House of Representatives and co-authored by fellow Camarines Sur Congressmen Rolando Andaya Jr., Diosdado Ignacio Arroyo and Luis Villafuerte, but is opposed by the Camarines Sur Governor Luis Raymond Villafuerte, and Representative Salvio Fortuno.
The proposed province would be created in the Partido region, where the Partido Development Administration is active.
Proposed territory
Baao
Balatan
Bato
Buhi
Bula
Caramoan
Garchitorena
Goa
Iriga City
Lagonoy
Nabua
Presentacion
Sagñay
San Jose
Siruma
Tigaon (proposed capital)
Tinambac
References
Proposed provinces and territories of the Philippines
Bicol Region
Xenasma is a genus of corticioid fungi in the order Polyporales. It was circumscribed by mycologist Marinus Anton Donk in 1957.
Species
Xenasma aculeatum C.E.Gómez (1972) – Argentina
Xenasma amylosporum Parmasto (1968)
Xenasma longicystidiatum Boidin & Gilles (2000) – Réunion Island
Xenasma parvisporum Pouzar (1982)
Xenasma praeteritum (H.S.Jacks.) Donk (1957) – Cameroon; Jamaica; Puerto Rico
Xenasma pruinosum (Pat.) Donk (1957) – Great Britain
Xenasma pulverulentum (Litsch.) Donk (1957) – Dominican Republic; France; Great Britain; Jamaica; Netherlands
Xenasma rimicola (P.Karst.) Donk (1957) – Portugal; Taiwan
Xenasma subclematidis S.S.Rattan (1977) – Asia
Xenasma tulasnelloideum (Höhn. & Litsch.) Donk (1957) – Cameroon; Dominican Republic; Great Britain; Ontario; Portugal
Xenasma vassilievae Parmasto (1965) – Europe
References
Polyporales
Polyporales genera
Taxa named by Marinus Anton Donk
Taxa described in 1957
Zealand is an island in Denmark.
Zealand may also refer to:
Zealand, known in Dutch as Zeeland, a province in the Netherlands
Zealand, New Brunswick, Canada
Mount Zealand, in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States
Zealand Notch, an adjacent mountain pass
Zealand River, which flows North out of the notch
Zealand, a 19th century logging community in Zealand
Region Zealand, a Danish administrative region
See also
New Zealand (disambiguation)
Sealand (disambiguation)
Seeland (disambiguation)
Zealandia (disambiguation)
Zeeland (disambiguation)
Caroline Smith may refer to:
Sportspeople
Caroline Smith (diver) (1906–1994), American Olympic diver
Caroline Smith (badminton) in European Universities Badminton Championships
Caroline Smith (soccer) in 2009 W-League
Caroline Smith (triathlete) in 2008 Ironman 70.3 World Championship
Others
Caroline Estes Smith (1877–1970), manager of the Philharmonic Orchestra of Los Angeles
Carol Smith (radio presenter), full name Caroline Jane Smith, Singaporean radio presenter
Caroline Smith and the Good Night Sleeps, American indie folk band
Caroline Smith, set designer who won the 2009 Academy Award for Best Production Design
Caroline Smith (geologist), British scientist and Principal Curator of Meteorites at the Natural History Museum (UK)
Caroline Smith (linguist), American linguist
This is a list of electricity-generating power stations in the U.S. state of New Jersey, sorted by type and name. In 2020, New Jersey had a total summer capacity of 17,424 MW through all of its power plants, and a net generation of 61,106 GWh. The corresponding electrical energy generation mix was 47.8% natural gas, 45.8% nuclear, 2.5% solar, 1.7% coal, 1.2% biomass, 1% non-biogenic waste, and 0.1% hydroelectric & wind.
New Jersey's renewable portfolio standard was updated in 2018 to require that 21% of electricity be from renewable sources by 2021, 35% by 2025, and 50% by 2030. About 75% of renewable generation came from small- and large-scale solar photovoltaics (PV) that year. Small-scale solar, which includes customer-owned PV panels, delivered an additional net 2,693 GWh of energy to the state's electrical grid during 2021. This was nearly twice the generation of New Jersey's utility-scale PV plants.
Nuclear power stations
There are two nuclear power stations in New Jersey both operated by PSEG Nuclear. The Oyster Creek Nuclear Generating Station in Lacey Township owned and operated by Oyster Creek Environmental Protection permanently ceased operations on September 17, 2018.
Fossil-fuel power stations
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration serves as a general reference.
Coal
Natural gas
Petroleum
Renewable power stations
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration serves as a general reference.
Biomass and municipal waste
Additional data from New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection
Hydroelectric
Wind farms
Photovoltaic
As of September 2021, New Jersey has more than 80 photovoltaic installations of over 5 MW. The largest in the state include (incomplete list; selected projects):
Storage power stations
Data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration serves as a general reference.
Battery storage
Pumped storage
Decommissioned plants
See also
Hudson Project
PJM Interconnection
List of power stations in the United States
List of electric companies in New Jersey
References
Energy infrastructure in New Jersey
Lists of buildings and structures in New Jersey
New Jersey
Geographic coordinate lists
Dennis Michael Byars (August 23, 1940 – April 14, 2022) was an American politician who was a state senator in the Nebraska Legislature and director of Beatrice Community Hospital Foundation.
Personal life
Byars was born August 23, 1940, in Beatrice, Nebraska, and graduated from Beatrice High School in 1958 and attended University of Nebraska-Lincoln. They served as a 1st lieutenant in the Nebraska Army National Guard. They have belonged to many groups dealing with people with developmental disabilities and other Gage County, and Beatrice organizations. Byars served on the Beatrice School Board and on the Gage County, Nebraska Board of Supervisors.
State legislature
Byars was appointed on December 19, 1988, to replace Patricia S. Morehead, who had resigned. They were elected in 1990 to represent the 30th Nebraska legislative district but did not run in 1994. They ran and won in 1998 and 2002, and was the vice chairperson of both the Education and Health and Human Services committees while serving in this period. They were term limited out of office in 2007.
References
1940 births
2022 deaths
Nebraska state senators
County supervisors and commissioners in Nebraska
School board members in Nebraska
People from Beatrice, Nebraska
Nebraska National Guard personnel
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American politicians
University of Nebraska–Lincoln alumni
Dieter Vanthourenhout (born 20 June 1985 in Bruges) is a Belgian professional racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team .  They are the brother of racing cyclist Michael Vanthourenhout.
Vanthourenhout will retire from cycling at the end of 2020, after 14 years as a professional.
Major results
Cyclo-cross
2000–2001
1st Cadet race, National Championships
2002–2003
1st Junior race, National Championships
2005–2006
3rd Under-23 race, National Championships
2006–2007
2nd Leudelange
3rd Under-23 race, National Championships
3rd Dudzele
2007–2008
3rd Sint-Niklaas
2015–2016
1st Cyclocross Bredene
Road
2009
7th Omloop der Kempen
2011
7th Omloop der Kempen
9th Dwars door het Hageland
2013
5th Omloop der Kempen
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Cyclo-cross cyclists
Sportspeople from Bruges
Cyclists from West Flanders
K-Klass are a British electronic music group from Wrexham, Wales and Chester, England, who are based in Manchester, England. Its original members were Andy Williams, Carl Thomas, Russ Morgan and Paul Roberts.
In 1991, K-Klass signed with the label Deconstruction Records scoring five top 40 hits on the UK Singles Chart and later to Parlophone. In the mid-1990s, K-Klass were one of the busiest and most successful remix acts around, remixing the likes of Bobby Brown, Janet Jackson & Luther Vandross, New Order, Rihanna, The Corrs, Whitney Houston, winning the IDA remixers of the year in 1996 for their mix of Carleen Anderson “True Spirit” then getting a GRAMMY nomination in 2002 for their remix of Samantha Mumba “Baby Come On Over”. Since leaving Parlophone Andy Williams and Carl Thomas have both left K-Klass leaving just Paul Roberts and Russell Morgan alongside original vocalist Bobbi Depasois as K-Klass. Roberts and Morgan run their own record label Klass Action
Career
Williams and Thomas teamed up with Morgan and Roberts, from Chester, after meeting at The Haçienda in Manchester during the 1980s. According to Paul Roberts:We all met at the Hacienda in 1988. We had met before, though. Andy and Carl had done some gigs. Myself and Russ went to see Andy and Carl's band, Interstate play in Chester supporting 808 State. Andy and Carl were already pretty established, but we had no gear at the time - it was basically an SH-101 and a little Tandy mixer. We took about five tracks to Eastern Bloc in Manchester, just to see what they thought. We didn't have a name for the band or anything, and the tracks were just numbers, but they were really keen, and we put it out on a white label. We were playing a lot of live shows at the time, and used to take along boxloads of stuff to sell, and it went down really well.
After recording the Wildlife EP, K-Klass's first hit was "Rhythm Is a Mystery", sung by Bobbi Depasois, and released in 1991. The track reached number 3 on the UK Singles Chart after a re-release the same year and featured prominently in the 1992 film Encino Man.
"Let Me Show You" reached number 13 in 1993. Subsequently, the band purchased a retired Royal Observer Corps underground bunker in Borras for use as a recording studio. They released two albums, Universal, featuring Depasois' vocals, and K2. In 1995, K-Klass won the I.D.A Best International Remixer award, the first UK artist to do so.
K-Klass have played many live events, including stints at nightclubs in Liverpool, Sheffield, Hong Kong and Ibiza as well as the Hollinwoodstock Music Festival in Oldham in 2014.
They have also been involved with producing and remixing tracks by other artists. K-Klass was one of the producers on the Pet Shop Boys album, Bilingual, and have also produced for Candi Staton, Rebekah Ryan, Rosie Gaines and The Corrs. They have remixed tracks by Carleen Anderson, Bobby Brown, Sunscreem, Kylie Minogue, Geri Halliwell, S Club 7 ("Bring It All Back") and M People. Their remix of "Baby Come On Over" by Samantha Mumba was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2002 in the Best Remix category.
Roberts and Morgan appeared on 97.3 Forth One's Friday Night Floorfillers on 22 February 2008, whilst covering for the regular presenter, Krystal.
In 2013, a collaboration with Lempo and Japwow on Applique Music, titled "Brass Attack" was featured on the album Done & Dusted.
Selected discography
Albums
Singles
Remixes
References
External links
K-Klass discography
K-Klass biography from BBC Wales
Interview on fantazia.org
Klass Wedding band Northern Ireland
People from Wrexham
British dance music groups
British record producers
British electronic music groups
British house music groups
Parlophone artists
Remixers
Purkayastha is an Indian surname which is more prevalent in Bengal and Assam. The surname is found among Bengali Kayastha, as well as among Bengali Brahmins. "Purkayastha" is actually a title rather than a surname, as "Kayastha" is a term used for "administrator" and "Pur" signifies an administrative unit such as a city, town or a kingdom.
Notable People
Debapratim Purkayastha, Indian educator
Ian Purkayastha, the founder of Regalis, a New York based luxury foods company
Kabindra Purkayastha, former union minister of state of India
Surajit Kar Purkayastha, Indian police officer
Swarupam Purkayastha, Indian cricketer
References
Surnames
Bengali Hindu surnames
Seukendorf is a municipality in the district of Fürth in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Fürth (district)
Alfredo Mostarda Filho, simply known as Alfredo (born on October 18, 1946, in São Paulo) is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a defender.
In a long career (from 1966–1984) they played for Palmeiras, Cruzeiro, Nacional (AM), Coritiba, Santos, and ending up in Bolivia with team Jorge Wilstermann. They won two Campeonatos Brasileiros Série A (1972, 1973) and two Campeonatos Paulistas (1972, 1974) with Palmeiras. For the Brazilian team they played twice, both in 1974, and their second match for Brazil came at the 1974 FIFA World Cup in a 0-1 loss against the Poland team.
References
1946 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
1974 FIFA World Cup players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube players
Sociedade Esportiva Palmeiras players
Coritiba Foot Ball Club players
Santos FC players
Brazil international footballers
C.D. Jorge Wilstermann players
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Bolivia
Association football defenders
Amrabad (, also Romanized as ‘Amrābād; also known as ‘Amrowābād, and ) is a village in Moshkabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 948, in 294 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
This is a list of cathedrals in Austria, including both actual and former diocesan cathedrals (seats of bishops). Almost all cathedrals in Austria are Roman Catholic, but any non-Roman Catholic cathedrals are also listed here.
The list is intended to be complete.
Although the word "Kathedrale" is used formally in German, the more usual word is "Dom". This not only refers to cathedrals in the proper sense as the seats of bishops, but also to a small number of large churches in Austria, which are known as "Dom" as a mark of distinction or historical importance (sometimes known by the description "Prachtdom", i.e., churches called "Dom" because of their magnificence or splendour). These are included in a separate section, without implying that they have the status of cathedrals.
Roman Catholic cathedrals
{| class="wikitable sortable"
!Cathedral!!Archdioceseor Diocese!!Location!!Dedication!!Description!!Notes
|-
|Eisenstadt CathedralEisenstädter Dom; Dom Sankt Martin, Eisenstadt
|Diocese of Eisenstadt
|Burgenland, Eisenstadt
|Saint Martin
|cathedral
|from 1960, when the diocese was created
|-
|Feldkirch CathedralFeldkircher Dom; Dom Sankt Nikolai, Feldkirch
|Diocese of Feldkirch
|Vorarlberg, Feldkirch
|Saint Nicholas
|cathedral
|from 1968, when the diocese was created
|-
|Göss AbbeyReichsstift Göss; Stiftskirche St. Andrä
|Diocese of Graz-Seckau
|Styria, Leoben
|Blessed Virgin Mary and Saint Andrew
|former cathedral, previously an abbey church; now a parish church
|Benedictine abbey 12th century-1782; cathedral of the Diocese of Leoben, founded 1785, abolished 1859 (although administered by the Diocese of Seckau after the death of the first and only bishop in 1800)
|-
|Graz CathedralGrazer Dom; Dom Sankt Ägydius, Graz
|Diocese of Graz-Seckau
|Styria, Graz
|Saint Giles
|cathedral
|from 1782 or 1786, on the move of the seat of the Bishops of Seckau to Graz
|-
|Gurk CathedralGurker Dom; Dom Mariä Himmelfahrt, Gurk|Diocese of Gurk-Klagenfurt
|Carinthia, Gurk
|Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary
|co-cathedral
|from 1787; cathedral of the Diocese of Gurk 1071-1787
|-
|Innsbruck CathedralInnsbrucker Dom; Dom Sankt Jakob, Innsbruck|Diocese of Innsbruck
|Tyrol, Innsbruck
|Saint James the Great
|cathedral
|from 1964, when the diocese of Innsbruck-Feldkirch was created; renamed diocese of Innsbruck in 1968
|-
|Klagenfurt CathedralKlagenfurter Dom; Dom der Heiligen Petrus und Paulus, Klagenfurt|Diocese of Gurk-Klagenfurt
|Carinthia, Klagenfurt
|Saint Peter and Saint Paul
|cathedral
|from 1787, when the bishops' seat was transferred here from Gurk
|-
|New Cathedral, LinzNeuer Dom; Mariä-Empfängnis-Dom, Linz|Diocese of Linz
|Upper Austria, Linz
|Immaculate Conception
|cathedral
|from 1924, when dedicated, replacing the Old Cathedral, Linz; construction began in 1855/1862
|-
|Old Cathedral, LinzAlter Dom; Domkirche St. Ignatius, Linz|Diocese of Linz
|Upper Austria, Linz
|Saint Ignatius Loyola
|co-cathedral
|from 1924, after the dedication of the present cathedral; cathedral 1785-1924; previously a Jesuit church (from 1669)
|-
|Basilica of St Laurence, LorchBasilika St. Laurenz|Diocese of Linz
|Upper Austria, Enns, Lorch
|Saint Lawrence
|minor basilica
|an earlier building on the site was the cathedral in the 4th/5th centuries of the bishopric of Lauriacum, the bishopric of the Roman province of Noricum; the present church dates from the 13th/14th centuries, and has never been the seat of a bishop (the title of Archbishop of Lauriacum has recently been re-created for a titular archbishopric).
|-
|Salzburg CathedralSalzburger Dom|Archdiocese of Salzburg
|State of Salzburg, Salzburg
|Saint Vergil and Saint Rupert
|cathedral
|from 987, in an earlier building on the site; the present building was dedicated in 1628
|-
|St. Peter's Archabbey, SalzburgErzabtei St. Peter|Archdiocese of Salzburg
|State of Salzburg, Salzburg
|Saint Peter
|former cathedral, abbey church
|until 987, the abbey church was also the cathedral, as the abbots of St. Peter's were also the Archbishops of Salzburg
|-
|Franciscan Church, SalzburgFranziskanerkirche Unserer Lieben Frau, Salzburg|Archdiocese of Salzburg
|State of Salzburg, Salzburg
|Blessed Virgin Mary
|pro-cathedral 1600-28, parish church; former friary church
|used as cathedral while the present Salzburg Cathedral was under construction
|-
|Sankt Andrä Cathedral; St. Andrew's Church, Sankt AndräDom- und Stadtpfarrkirche St. Andrä im Lavanttal
|Diocese of Gurk-Klagenfurt
|Carinthia, Sankt Andrä
|Saint Andrew
|former cathedral, now parish church
|cathedral of the former Diocese of Lavant from 1228 to 1859, when the diocese was moved to Marburg (Maribor, now in Slovenia)
|-
|Sankt Pölten CathedralSankt Pöltner Dom; Dom Mariä Himmelfahrt, Sankt Pölten |Diocese of Sankt Pölten
|Lower Austria, Sankt Pölten
|Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary
|cathedral
|from 1785 (diocese created in 1784/85)
|-
|Seckau AbbeyDom- und Abteikirche Mariä Himmelfahrt; Dom im Gebirg|Diocese of Graz-Seckau
|Seckau
|Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary
|co-cathedral, abbey church; minor basilica
|from 1782; cathedral of the Diocese of Seckau 1218-1782, although in practice the bishops were based at the nearby Schloss Seggau
|-
|St. Stephen's Cathedral, ViennaStephansdom|Archdiocese of Vienna
|Vienna
|Saint Stephen
|cathedral; World Heritage Site
|from 1147, the date of foundation of the diocese
|-
|Wettingen-Mehrerau AbbeyTerritorialabtei Wettingen-Mehrerau|territory of Wettingen-Mehrerau Abbey
|Vorarlberg, Bregenz
|The Blessed Virgin Mary, Star of the Sea, and of Mehrerau
|territorial abbey (directly subordinate to the Holy See)
|formerly Benedictine (c .611-1807), now Cistercian (from 1854); the abbot has the rank of a bishop in respect of the abbey's territory
|-
|Cathedral of the Military Ordinariate in AustriaSt.-Georgs-Kathedrale, Wiener Neustadt|Military Ordinariate of AustriaMilitärseelsorge Österreich|Lower Austria, Wiener Neustadt
|Saint George
|cathedral since 1987
|also the chapel of Burg Wiener Neustadt and the Theresian Military Academy
|-
|Wiener Neustadt CathedralDom Mariä Himmelfahrt und St. Rupert; Liebfrauendom|Archdiocese of Vienna
|Lower Austria, Wiener Neustadt
|Assumption of Mary and Saint Rupert
|former cathedral, now parish church
|cathedral from 1468 or 1469 to 1785 of the former Diocese of Wiener Neustadt (now a titular bishopric)
|}
Old Catholic cathedrals
Orthodox Cathedrals
Non-episcopal churches often referred to as Dom
The following churches are often referred to as Dom but have never been the seats of bishops:Maria Saaler Dom, or Church of the Assumption, Maria Saal, Carinthia: pilgrimage church (a predecessor church was the administrative centre of the missionary bishops - "chorepiscopi" - of Carinthia from the 8th century to 945 and similar in status to a cathedral; the present building dates from the 15th century and has never been the seat of a bishop)Pongauer Dom, or St. John's Church, St. Johann im Pongau, Salzburg (Land): parish churchSöllandler Bauerndom, or Church of Saints Peter and Paul, Söll, Tyrol: parish churchDom am Pyhrn, Stift Spital am Pyhrn, Pfarrkirche Mariä Himmelfahrt'', or Church of the Assumption, on the Pyhrn Pass, Spital am Pyhrn, Upper Austria: parish church, originally the church of a hospital, later a collegiate foundation, now a museum and concert venue
Notes and references
See also
Lists of cathedrals by country
Austria
Cathedrals
Cathedrals#
de:Dome, Münster und Kathedralen in deutschsprachigen Ländern#Österreich
Dept. of Speculation is a 2014 novel by American author Jenny Offill. The novel received positive reviews, and has been compared to Offill's later work, Weather.
Composition and writing
Though not purely autobiographical, the novel draws from Offill's life. Offill has said Dept. of Speculation "[...] came from the ashes of another book". Dept. of Speculation eschews a typical plot, which Offill has said was deliberate.
Reception
Critical reception
According to literary review aggregator bookmarks, the book received mostly "Rave" and reviews, with some less positive reception. The novel has been compared to Renata Adler's 1976 book Speedboat. In their review of the book, published by NPR, Meg Wolitzer praised the novel as "[...] intriguing, beautifully written, sly and often profound". Wolitzer also praised the novel's humor.
Offill has said they did not anticipate the book's success.
Honors
Dept. of Speculation was shortlisted for 2015 PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction, and the Folio Prize.
The novel was included on the New York Times' list of the best books of 2014.
Influence
A passage in the novel influenced Rachel Yoder's novel Nightbitch.
References
2014 American novels
Novels set in New York City
Alfred A. Knopf books
Arriflex 416 is a motion picture camera product line created by Arri in 2006. This camera line was introduced in large part to accommodate new lenses of larger diameter that physically interfered with the Arri 16 SR3 viewfinder. The 416 camera series is designed for 16mm filmmaking in the Super 16 format. The 416 series has some features that are derived from Arri's 35mm cameras. The 416 series is compatible with some 35mm camera accessories, such as PL-mount lenses, base plates, matte boxes, follow focus units, and more.
The 416 is used on movie and TV drama productions such as Bronson, Canterbury's Law, The Walking Dead, the 2008 movies Ivory and The Wave, Black Swan, Dhobi Ghat, and Fruitvale Station. It was also used on the 2015 films Suffragette, and Carol And the 2016 war dramas Anthropoid and '76.
Arriflex 416
Introduced in 2006.
Super 16 format.
PL-mount lens mount.
45° to 180° shutter as 35-style camera.
35-style viewfinder.
Use same video-assist system as Arricam, Arriflex 435 Xtreme, and Arriflex 235.
Running speed: 1 to 75 frame/s
Arriflex 416 Plus
Introduced with 416 at the same time. It has the same specifications as the 416, but it also includes
Integrated accessory electronics and radio for wireless remote control
Arriflex 416 Plus HS
Introduced in April 2008. Included specifications from 416 Plus, and provided high speed function for slow-motion capturing.
Running speed: 1 to 150 frame/s
References
External links
& : Official Sites of Arriflex 416 from Arri's Web site.
Movie cameras
This is a list of castles in Ukraine.
A
Akkerman Fortress in Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi, Odessa Oblast
B
Bar Castle in Bar, Vinnytsia Oblast
Berdychiv Castle in Berdychiv, Zhytomyr Oblast
Berezhany Castle in Berezhany, Ternopil Oblast
Brody Castle in Brody, Lviv Oblast
The ruined Bronka Castle in Bronka, Zakarpattia Oblast
Buchach Castle in Buchach, Ternopil Oblast
C
The ruined Chervonohorod Castle in Nyrkiv, Ternopil Oblast
Chembalo fortress in Balaklava, Crimea
Cherkasy Castle
The ruined Chernelytsia Castle in Chernelytsia, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
Chufut Kale fortress near Bakhchisaray, Crimea
D
Dobromyl Castle in Dobromyl, Lviv Oblast
Dubno Castle in Dubno, Rivne Oblast
G
The Genoese fortress in Sudak, Crimea
H
Halych Castle in Halych, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
I
Ivano-Frankivsk Castle in Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
Iziaslav Castle in northern Khmelnytskyi Oblast
K
Kamianets-Podilskyi Castle in Kamianets-Podilskyi, Khmelnytsky Oblast
The ruined Genoese Kaffa fortress in Feodosiya, Crimea
Khotyn Fortress in Khotyn, Chernivtsi Oblast
The ruins of Khust Castle in Khust, Zakarpattia Oblast
Kilia Castle in Kilia, Odessa Oblast
Kremenets Castle in Kremenets, Ternopil Oblast
Kodak fortress in Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
Kudryntsi Castle in Kudryntsi, Ternopil Oblast
Kyiv Fortress in Kyiv, Kyiv Oblast
L
Letychiv Castle in Letychiv, Khmelnytskyi Oblast
Lviv High Castle in Lviv, Lviv Oblast
Lutsk Castle in Lutsk, Volyn Oblast
M
Medzhybizh Castle in Medzhybizh
Mangup, its ruins are near Sevastopol
Mykulyntsi Castle in Mykulyntsi, Ternopil Oblast
N
Nevytsky Castle in Nevytske, Zakarpattia Oblast
Nizhyn Castle in Nizhyn, Chernihiv Oblast
O
Olesko Castle, about 75 km from Lviv, Lviv Oblast
Olyka Castle
Ostroh Castle in Ostroh, Rivne Oblast
P
Palanok Castle in Mukacheve, Zakarpattia Oblast
Pidhirtsi Castle
Pomoriany Castle, Lviv Oblast
Popov Castle in Vasylivka, Zaporizhia Oblast
S
Schönborn Palace in Chynadiyovo, Zakarpattia Oblast
Skala-Podilska Castle in Skala-Podilska, Ternopil Oblast
Skalat Castle in Skalat, Ternopil Oblast
Stare Selo Castle in Lviv Oblast
Svirzh Castle in Svirzh, Lviv Oblast
Sydoriv Castle in Sydoriv, Ternopil Oblast
Swallow's Nest Castle in Crimea
T
Terebovlia Castle in Terebovlia, Ternopil Oblast
Ternopil Castle in Ternopil
The ruins of Toky Castle in Toky, Ternopil Oblast
Tyhoml Castle in Khmelnytskyi Oblast
U
Uzhhorod Castle in Uzhhorod, Zakarpattia Oblast
V
Velyki Birky Castle in Velyki Birky, Ternopil Oblast
Vynohradiv Castle in Vynohradiv, Zakarpattia Oblast
Y
Yazlovets Castle in Yazlovets, Ternopil Oblast
Yeni-Kale Fortress in Kerch, Crimea
Z
Zbarazh Castle in Zbarazh, Ternopil Oblast
Zhovkva Castle in Zhovkva, Lviv Oblast
Zolochiv Castle in Zolochiv, Lviv Oblast
Zolotyi Potik Castle in Zolotyi Potik, Ternopil Oblast
See also
List of castles
References
External links
castles.com.ua — Site dedicated to castles in Ukraine
castles.org — Castles of Ukraine
Wumag — Castles and chateaux of Ukraine
Ukraine
Castles
Castles
Ukraine
Joshua 2 is the second chapter of the Book of Joshua in the Hebrew Bible or in the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. According to Jewish tradition, the book was attributed to the Joshua, with additions by the high priests Eleazar and Phinehas, but modern scholars view it as part of the Deuteronomistic History, which spans the books of Deuteronomy to 2 Kings, attributed to nationalistic and devotedly Yahwistic writers during the time of the reformer Judean king Josiah in 7th century BCE. This chapter focuses on the spies sent by Joshua to Jericho and their encounter with Rahab, a part of a section comprising Joshua 1:1–5:12 about the entry to the land of Canaan.
Text
This chapter was originally written in the Hebrew language. It is divided into 24 verses.
Textual witnesses
Some early manuscripts containing the text of this chapter in Hebrew are of the Masoretic Text tradition, which includes the Codex Cairensis (895), Aleppo Codex (10th century), and Codex Leningradensis (1008). Fragments containing parts of this chapter in Hebrew were found among the Dead Sea Scrolls including XJoshua (XJosh, X1; 50 BCE) with extant verses 4–5. and 4Q48 (4QJosh; 100–50 BCE) with extant verses 11–12.
Extant ancient manuscripts of a translation into Koine Greek known as the Septuagint (originally was made in the last few centuries BCE) include Codex Vaticanus (B; B; 4th century) and Codex Alexandrinus (A; A; 5th century). Fragments of the Septuagint Greek text containing this chapter is found in manuscripts such as Washington Manuscript I (5th century CE), and a reduced version of the Septuagint text is found in the illustrated Joshua Roll.
New Testament references
:
Analysis
The narrative of Israelites entering the land of Canaan comprises verses 1:1 to 5:12 of the Book of Joshua and has the following outline:
A. Preparations for Entering the Land (1:1–18)
1. Directives to Joshua (1:1–9)
2. Directives to the Leaders (1:10–11)
3. Discussions with the Eastern Tribes (1:12–18)
B. Rahab and the Spies in Jericho (2:1–24)
1. Directives to the Spies (2:1a)
2. Deceiving the King of Jericho (2:1b–7)
3. The Oath with Rahab (2:8–21)
4. The Report to Joshua (2:22–24)
C. Crossing the Jordan (3:1–4:24)
1. Initial Preparations for Crossing (3:1–6)
2. Directives for Crossing (3:7–13)
3. A Miraculous Crossing: Part 1 (3:14–17)
4. Twelve-Stone Memorial: Part 1 (4:1–10a)
5. A Miraculous Crossing: Part 2 (4:10b–18)
6. Twelve-Stone Memorial: Part 2 (4:19–24)
D. Circumcision and Passover (5:1–12)
1. Canaanite Fear (5:1)
2. Circumcision (5:2–9)
3. Passover (5:10–12)
Rahab welcomes the spies (2:1–7)
The narrative in this chapter seems to be an interruption, but actually provides a background material for the stories of the crossing of the Jordan River and the Battle of Jericho. The sending out of spies follows Moses's example (Numbers 13, Deuteronomy 1:21–23; cf. Joshua 7:2–3), but unlike the earlier mission, which had resulted in failure to take the promised land because of fear (Numbers 13–14), this time the spies encouraged the people to march forward (verse 24; contrast Numbers 13:31–33).
Rahab becomes the center of the narrative, being the only named person in the whole story, and practically in control of the whole actions in the narrative: they provide the spies information, protection and advice for their safety, whereas the spies, the king of Jericho and their officers were as passive objects.
Verse 1
And Joshua the son of Nun sent out of Shittim two men to spy secretly, saying, Go view the land, even Jericho. And they went, and came into an harlot's house, named Rahab, and lodged there.
"Shittim": identified as modern "Tell el-Ḥammām", on the eastern bank of Jordan river, opposite Jericho. Here it is written in the same short form as in Numbers 25:1, not in the longer form as in Numbers 33:49.
The promise to Rahab (2:8–24)
Rahab's confessions of faith (verses 8–11) encouraged the spies of God's promise (cf. Exodus 23:27; Numbers 22:3), as they remind them of the victories in Transjordan as evidence
that they will succeed in Canaan (Deuteronomy 3:21-2), and therefore they demand the life of themselves and their family to be 'dealt kindly' (Hebrew: hesed; verse 12) with the expected loyalty in a covenant relationship (cf. 1 Samuel 20:8). The spies agree, swearing on their own lives to guarantee those of Rahab and family (verse 14,19), provided they do not 'tell this business of ours' (verses 14, 20), in spite of the Holy War concept which demands the killing of every people in Jericho (Deuteronomy 2:32–37; 7:1–5; 20:16–18).
Verse 14
And the men said to her, “Our life for yours even to death! If you do not tell this business of ours, then when the gives us the land we will deal kindly and faithfully with you.”
"Business of ours" refers mainly to the activities of the spies, not the imminent conquest, as the latter is common knowledge among all Canaanites (verses 9–11).
See also
Related Bible parts: Joshua 6, Matthew 1, Hebrews 11, James 5
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Jewish translations:
Yehoshua - Joshua - Chapter 2 (Judaica Press). Hebrew text and English translation [with Rashi's commentary] at Chabad.org
Christian translations:
Online Bible at GospelHall.org (ESV, KJV, Darby, American Standard Version, Bible in Basic English)
Joshua chapter 2. Bible Gateway
02
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1633.
Events
May 21 – Ben Jonson's masque The King's Entertainment at Welbeck is performed.
October 18 – King Charles I of England reissues the Declaration of Sports, originally published by their father, King James I in 1617, listing sports and recreations permitted on Sundays and holy days.
November 17 – King Charles I of England and Queen Henrietta Maria watch the King's Men perform Shakespeare's Richard III on the Queen's birthday at St James's Palace.
November 26 – The King and Queen watch The Taming of the Shrew at St. James's Palace.
Queen Henrietta's Men have stage success with a revival of Marlowe's The Jew of Malta at the Cockpit Theatre, with new prologues and epilogues by Thomas Heywood and Richard Perkins in the title role. Its first known publication takes place this year in London, as The Famous Tragedy of the Rich Jew of Malta, some forty years after its first performance.
In view of Galileo's condemnation by the Catholic Church, René Descartes abandons plans to publish Treatise on the World, their work of the past four years.
New books
Prose
William Alabaster – Ecce sponsus venit
"Henry van Etten" (pseudonym for Jean Leurechon) – Mathematical Recreations
Fulke Greville – Certain Learned and Elegant Works (containing the closet dramas Alaham and Mustapha)
Thomas James – The Strange and Dangerous Voyage of Captaine Thomas James
Thomas Stafford (ed.) – Pacata Hibernia: Ireland appeased and reduced, or, An historie of the late warres of Ireland, especially within the province of Mounster, under the government of Sir George Carew, knight
Drama
Anonymous – The Costly Whore (published)
Thomas Carew – Coelum Britanicum (masque)
John Fletcher and James Shirley – The Night Walker
John Ford (published in individual editions)
The Broken Heart
Love's Sacrifice
'Tis Pity She's a Whore
Henry Glapthorne – Argalus and Parthenia (approx. date)
Thomas Goffe – Orestes (published)
Peter Hausted (published)
The Rival Friends
Senile Odium
Thomas Heywood – The English Traveller
Ben Jonson – The King's Entertainment at Welbeck
Siddhi Narsingh Malla, King of Nepal – Ekadashi Brata
Christopher Marlowe – The Jew of Malta (published)
Shackerley Marmion – A Fine Companion (published; perhaps first performed)
John Marston – The Workes of Mr. J. Marston (first published collection)
Philip Massinger – A New Way to Pay Old Debts (published)
Walter Mountfort – The Launching of the Mary
Thomas Nabbes – Covent Garden
William Rowley (published)
All's Lost by Lust
A Match at Midnight
James Shirley
The Bird in a Cage (performed and published)
A Contention for Honor and Riches (published)
The Gamester
The Young Admiral
Arthur Wilson – The Inconstant Lady
Poetry
Abraham Cowley – Poetical Blossoms
John Donne (posthumous) – Poems, by J.D., the first collected edition
Phineas Fletcher – The Purple Island, or the Isle of Man
George Herbert (posthumous) – The Temple: Sacred poems and private ejaculations, the first collected edition
Births
February 23 – Samuel Pepys, English diarist (died 1703)
July 1 – Johann Heinrich Heidegger, Swiss theologian (died 1698)
November 11 – George Savile, 1st Marquess of Halifax, English politician and writer (died 1695)
Deaths
March 1 – George Herbert, Welsh-born English poet (born 1593)
August 10 – Anthony Munday, English dramatist and miscellanist (born c. 1560)
September 4 – Lady Margaret Hoby, English diarist (born 1571)
September 27 – Cristóbal de Mesa, Spanish poet (born 1559)
Unknown date – Richard Hawkins, English publisher (year of birth unknown)
Probable year of death – William Bellenden, Scottish classicist (born c. 1550)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Michael Drury (1832 – after 1881) was an English architect working in Lincoln.
Life
Michael Drury was born about 1832 in Lincoln. They were apprenticed to the Lincoln architect William Adams Nicholson and appears to have continued their practice, working from No 1, Bank Street (on corner with Silver Street) in Lincoln. They became Lincoln City Surveyor and 1868 was called upon by the City Council to give evidence about the state of the drains in the city, which were giving rise to much ill health. Later in 1878 they were responsible for the new drainage and sewerage scheme for Lincoln and kept extensive notes on the many Roman discoveries that were made in the Bailgate and along the High Street in Lincoln. In 1863 they were the Curator and sub-treasurer of the Lincolnshire Architectural and Archaeological Society. In 1881 they were living at Foss Lodge, Lincoln. Drury specialised in church restoration work. The architect Albert Vicars, who specialised in church architecture served their articles with Michael Drury.
Around 1870 Drury joined William Mortimer in a partnership which lasted until about 1878. After this they worked by themselves mainly laying out new streets and building terrace housing until 1889.
Works
Church Buildings and Chapels.
Heighington, Lincolnshire. 1865. Conversion of an earlier church building into a village school.
Boultham, Lincoln. Restoration of St Helen's Church.
North HykehamLincs. Restoration of All Saints' church,North Hykeham, 1858 Neo-gothic in the 13th century style,
Reepham, Lincolnshire, Reepham 1862.
Sotby. Lincolnshire Built a new nave to the church in 1857 in the Early English style.
Cemeteries
Spalding Cemetery, Pinchbeck Road.(1854). Nicholson and Drury submitted plans in June 1854 for this cemetery. As Nicholson had died the previous year it would appear that Michael Drury was architect for the cemetery. Anglican and Dissenting chapels constructed of red brick, with stone dressings, in Gothic style.
Lincoln Cemetery, Canwick Road. The Anglican and Methodist/Dissenting Chapels at the Lincoln cemetery. (1856). A pair of chapels linked with an arch, gothic with geometrical tracery. One chapel is octagonal and the other has a squat tower with chamfered buttresses, blind arcade above and a recessed bell stage with trefoiled corbel table and an apse
Vicarage
Newton on Trent, Lincolnshire. 1864. Red brick gothic Vicarage
Drury and Mortimer
The Albion Hotel,(1867), later the Barbican, St Mary's Street, Lincoln. Originally built as a Gentlemans' Club. Brick facade with two wings, ornate doorway, rustication and Venetian window to the clubroom which originally contained a Moorish smoking room.
Mint St Baptist chapel, Lincoln (1870). Now converted into the offices of Walters Estate agents. An example of Romanesque revival architecture in a debased Italianate Romanesque revival style in 1870.
1 James Street, Lincoln (1874). Tudoresque with ornate doorway with decorative tiles. Built for Mrs Nicholson, the widow of the architect William Adams Nicholson.
The Mount, Spring Hill/Drury Lane, Lincoln. (1875) A Villa, set in the moat of Lincoln Castle.
St Luke's church. North Kyme. Red brick church built in 1877.
Restoration of church. South Hykeham.
Villa Firenza, 95 Monks Road, Lincoln. 1876. Designed for the artificial stone and terracotta manufacturer Joseph Fambrini. Red brick with artificial stone and terracotta decoration.
2-4 The Avenue. Drury and Mortimer. 1878.
References
Literature
Antram N (revised), Pevsner, N. & Harris J, (1989), The Buildings of England: Lincolnshire, Yale University Press.
Antonia Brodie (ed), Directory of British Architects, 1834–1914: 2 Vols, British Architectural Library, Royal Institute of British Architects, 2001, Vol 2, pg. 565.
Jones M (2011), Inexhaustable Themes for Study and Speculation,Michael Drury and the recording of Lincoln's buried archaeology, in Lincoln Connections:Aspects of City and County since 1700, Ed Brook S. et al., Society for Lincolnshire History and Archaeology. .
External links
The Survey of Lincoln:City Building Applications Database 1866 - 1952, for details of planning applications submitted by architects working in Lincoln.
19th-century English architects
English ecclesiastical architects
Architects from Lincolnshire
1832 births
Year of death missing
SK Benešov is a Czech football club located in Benešov. The team currently plays in the Bohemian Football League, the third tier of the Czech football system.
History
In the 1994–95 season the club played in the Czech First League, the top flight of Czech football. The club started with three wins and a draw from the first six matches, but was beset by financial problems. The owner and only sponsor of the club, Miroslav Švarc, was taken into police custody on charges of financial criminality, team coach Jaroslav Hřebík left after the first half of the season, and the players were not paid between October and February.
Benešov's results did not improve and club captain Tibor Mičinec cited the club's financial situation as the reason for a run of 24 games without a win. As a result, the team were relegated to the Czech 2. Liga for the 1995–96 season, but fell further, spending the 2000s in the Czech Fourth Division.
In June 2014 the club was promoted to the Bohemian Football League under the coach Luboš Zákostelský.
Historical names
1913: AFK Benešov
1929: Benešovský SK
ca. 1940: Slavoj Benešov
1948: Sokol Benešov
1949: Sokol ČSD Benešov
1953: TJ Lokomotíva Benešov
1971: TJ ČSAD Benešov
1990: FK Švarc Benešov
1996: FK Benešov
1999: SK Benešov
History in domestic competitions
Seasons spent at Level 1 of the football league system: 1
Seasons spent at Level 2 of the football league system: 4
Seasons spent at Level 3 of the football league system: 5
Seasons spent at Level 4 of the football league system: 12
References
External links
Football clubs in the Czech Republic
Association football clubs established in 1913
Czech First League clubs
Benešov
1913 establishments in Austria-Hungary
20th-century establishments in Bohemia
The China Lake pump-action grenade launcher or NATIC is a pump-action grenade launcher that was developed by the Special Projects Division of the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake, which provided equipment to United States Navy SEALs.
History
The M79 and XM148 grenade launchers were single-shot, and the repeating T148E1 grenade launcher was unreliable, so a request was made to China Lake engineers. Navy SEAL teams were pleased with the resultant pump-action grenade launcher. The tubular magazine held three 40x46mm grenades, and so with one grenade in the chamber, four grenades could be fired rapidly before reloading. In fact, a skilled operator could fire four aimed shots before the first one landed. The grenade launcher was extremely light for its size, since a significant portion of it was made of aluminium.
Submitted for field trials in Vietnam, this weapon apparently performed quite well with HE-Frag ammunition.
The pump-action grenade launcher features leaf iron sights similar to the M79. The front sight is a fixed square notch. Depending on if the leaf is folded or not, the rear square notch is either fixed or adjustable from 75 to 400 m in 25 m increments.
The larger screw on the left side of the receiver was designed for a quadrant sight to be mounted.
Sources differ as to how many weapons were produced. One claims that between 20 and 30 were made. However, according to another source, only 16 were made. The highest original receiver number found is 50, but it may never have been made into a functional weapon. SEAL historian Kevin Dockery has confirmed 22 completed guns being carried on Navy records. Only three originals currently remain under US Navy control; the rest have been demilitarized.
The China Lake Model is sometimes mistakenly referred to as the "EX-41" or as the "China Lake NATIC". The EX-41 was a design prototype created in the mid-1990s based upon the earlier China Lake Model pump 40mm. The EX-41 was only produced as a single prototype as a follow-up design created two decades after the China Lake Model was produced. The China Lake NATIC designation is also erroneous as the weapon was never known by that designation. Since it was made on an ad hoc basis for special operations forces, it was not formally adopted and has no official military designation. Thus the SEALs referred to the experimental weapon as the "China Lake grenade launcher" in reference to the facility which produced it.
All four remaining original China Lake Model grenade launchers are on display in museums. Serial number 4 is at the National Navy UDT-SEAL Museum in Fort Pierce, Florida while serial number 13 is on display in the War Remnants Museum in HCMC, Vietnam. Serial number 2 is stored at the Naval History and Heritage Command in Washington DC. One additional launcher is on limited display in a military restricted US Navy facility at NSWC Crane.
Improvements and contracts
An effort to produce an improved version of the weapon began in 1992 when Samuel "Dutch" Hillenburg, a firearms writer specializing in military weapons, teamed up with master machinist Brian Fauci. In 2003, they achieved a breakthrough and were able to convince fellow writer and firearms enthusiast Captain Monty Mendenhall to finance their research effort. By 2004, they had a functional prototype and had formed Trident Enterprises Ltd. to continue their work on the project under government patent.
Brian Fauci sold their improved upon military demonstration CSG/Trident China Lake Grenade Launchers to private parties after the contract for a Marine Corps replacement Grenade Launcher was cancelled in October 2009 with the selection of the M32.
By 2009 Trident created nine China Lake reproduction launcher receivers. These launchers were separate from the ten Trident launchers connected to the Airtronic deal. The CSG/Trident China Lake launchers have increased reliability and improved cycling of action compared to the original. CSG also replaced most flat headed screws with hex headed screws. The butt stock recoil pads are filled solid on the CSG launchers instead of ventilated for padding as on the original China Lake launchers. No sling studs or swivels were installed initially on the Trident launchers, although they have threading for the installation of sling swivels.
Manufacturing metals were upgraded with improved hardness treatments and metallurgy since the original China Lake development with both the Airtronic/Trident and CSG/Trident launchers. There are a total of nine privately owned China Lake grenade launchers accounted for inside the United States, plus the four original China Lake grenade launchers from the NAWS, which remain in only museums.
2007-2009 U.S. Defense Contract
In June 2007, China Lake launchers were in limited production by two different companies offering the reproduction launchers to the U.S. military by way of defense contracts. At that time, the U.S. Military was approached with an offer from Airtronic USA (then the current government manufacturer of the M203, having succeeded Colt) to acquire a license for military production and sales. Both CSG and Airtronic/Trident launchers were considered for replacement of the M79 stand-alone launcher in the Marine Corps.
In July 2007, Airtronic USA announced that they were entering large-scale production with an initial order of 500 units for US military forces. This announcement occurred simultaneously with a demonstration of the CSG/Trident China Lake launcher in an episode of the popular military technology program, "Weaponology".
From 2007-2009 contractor and manufacturer Airtronic USA invested over two million dollars with Trident for a contract to reproduce the China Lake Launcher's original design and a more modular design (information provided by Marriellen Kett, president of Airtronic USA). These improvements include a M203 handguard, M4 carbine-style collapsible stock and barrel with a top Picatinny rail for accessories, and extended the magazine tube to fit four grenades plus one in the chamber.
The two companies involved (Airtronic and Trident) parted ways after legal action. During this the U.S.M.C adopted the Milkor M32 Grenade Launcher as a replacement, essentially ending any further development of the China Lake launcher.
Price
Of the original 1967-1969 NAWS manufactured China Lake Grenade Launchers, none are known to be under private ownership. The Trident/CSG China Lake Grenade Launchers from the 2009 defense contract are the last nine known legal launchers to be in private hands and are valued over $80,000 USD based on past auctions. The nine CSG/Trident patented contract China Lake launchers are transferable as a Destructive Device in the United States.
Patented
All CSG/Trident China Lake Grenade Launchers remaining in registry can be considered of extreme rarity. Note: Filed Sept. 1, 1967 Alfred F. Kermode holding patent 3,435,549 PUMP TYPE TUBULAR MAGAZINE REPEATING Firearms was transferred to and held with the U.S. Gov and Filed under April 1, 1969 to the U.S. Patent office. No other China Lake reproductions are allowed unless approved by the U.S. Government for direct defense contract to the U.S. Government. V. C. Muller Attorney. U.S. Patent Office.
Users
Navy SEALs
United States Marine Corps Force Reconnaissance
5th Special Forces Group of the Army Green Berets
See also
EX 41 grenade launcher
M79 grenade launcher
M203 grenade launcher
M32 grenade Launcher
M320 grenade launcher
Mk 19 grenade launcher
GM-94 grenade launcher
Brügger & Thomet GL06
References
External links
Grenade launchers of the United States
40×46mm grenade launchers
Military equipment introduced in the 1960s
When Knights Were Bold is a 1916 British silent comedy film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Gerald Ames, Marjorie Day and Gwynne Herbert. It was based on the 1906 play When Knights Were Bold by Harriett Jay.
Cast
Gerald Ames - Sir Bryan Ballymore
Marjorie Day - Maid
Gwynne Herbert - Isaacson
Philip Hewland - Barker
Hayford Hobbs - Widdicombe
Edna Maude - Aunt Thornridge
Janet Ross - Lady Rowena
James Welch - Sir Guy de Vere
Bert Wynne - Whittle
References
External links
1916 films
British silent feature films
1916 comedy films
1910s English-language films
Films directed by Maurice Elvey
British films based on plays
British comedy films
British black-and-white films
1910s British films
Silent comedy films
Narayan Gangopadhyay (4 February 1918 – 8 November 1970), also known as Narayan Ganguly, was an Indian novelist, poet, essayist, and short story writer, and one of the leading writers of modern Bengali literature. They introduced the endearing character of Tenida in their famous stories of Children's literature. They took up "Narayan" as their pen name.He married their brother in law's (Sister's husband)niece Renuka devi,with whom they had their only daughter Basabi(Bani).His wife Renuka Ganguly and Daughter Basabi Roy Chowdhury were also eminent writers and teachers.Renuka Ganguly died on 10 February 2010 whereas,Basabi Roy Chowdhury recently died on 17 December 2021, and was survived by 6 children, and grandchildren.
They were awarded the literary awards Basumati Literary Prize (1968).
Life
Narayan Gangopadhyay was born as Taraknath Gangopadhyay in Baliadingi in Dinjapur district of Bengal in 1918. Their paternal side had their roots in the village of Basudebpara, Nalchira in Gournadi thana of Barisal district. Their father, Pramathnath Gangopadhyay, was a police officer. Because their father would be transferred often, they studied in Dinajpur, Faridpur, Barisal and Kolkata. Narayan Gangopadhyay matriculated from Dinajpur Zila School in 1933. They then took admission at Rajendra College in Faridpur but had to leave the town on 1 May 1935 on political grounds. They were interned as a 'revolutionary suspect' and could not appear in the college examinations. Later they took admission in the second year at B M College in Barisal and passed Intermediate Arts (IA) as a non-collegiate candidate in 1936. They passed the Bachelor of Arts with distinction from the same college in 1938. Famous poet Jibanananda Das was their teacher there. In 1941, they completed the MA from the University of Calcutta, receiving the Brahmamayee Gold Medal for their outstanding results. They earned DPhil from the same university in 1960, for their research in the field of short stories in Bengali literature.
Narayan Gangopadhyay taught at a number of colleges, including Ananda Chandra College, Jalpaiguri (1942–45) and the City College, Kolkata (1945–1955). They started teaching at the University of Calcutta in 1956. Their students were the famous actor Soumitra Chatterjee and novelist Sunil Gangopadhyay and Samaresh Majumdar.
Works
Narayan Gangopadhyay began writing poetry while still a student. In due course they became famous for their short stories, novels, plays etc. Narayan Gangopadhyay's first story was published in 'Bichitra'. They were a romantic writer.
Their novels include Upanibesh (3 volumes, 1944–1947), Samrat O Shresthi (1944), Mandramukhar (1945), Shilalipi (1949), Lalmati (1951), Krishnapaksa (1951), Baitalik (1955), and Asidhara (1957). Their volumes of short stories include Trophy (1949), Bitangsa, Janmantar, Bhangabandar, Duhshasan, Bhatiyali (1957), Exhibition, Chhayatari, Ghurni, and Aleyar Rat. Among their other works are several volumes of essays: Sahitya O Sahityik, Sahitye Chhotagalpa (1955), Kathakobid Rabindranath (1965), and Chhotagalper Simarekha (1969). They also wrote stories for children, among them, Saptakanda, Andhakarer Agantuk, Chotader Shrestha Galpa (1952), Chhutir Akash, Khushir Hawa, Jhau Banglor Rahasya, Panchananer Hati, Pataldangar Tenida, Galpa Bali Galpa Shona, Abyartha Laksyabhed, Tenidar Abhiyan (1941). Bhadate Chai and Agantuk were two of their widely acclaimed plays. They also wrote a few screenplays and songs for films and gramophone records.
Narayan Gangopadhyay was a regular contributor to Shanibarer Chithi. Towards the end of their life, they used to write regularly for the weekly Desh under the pen name 'Sunanda'. Their writings are informed by their historical sense and patriotic feelings as well as their love for the nature of Bengal. Their short stories were highly acclaimed, and they were awarded the Ananda Award (1964) in recognition of their contribution to Bengali literature. The weekly Basumati accorded them a reception in 1968. Narayan Gangopadhyay died on 6 November 1970 in Kolkata.
Novels
Uponibesh-1 (উপনিবেশ -১)
Uponibesh-2 (উপনিবেশ -২)
Uponibesh-3 (উপনিবেশ -৩)
Somrat O Sreshthi (সম্রাট ও শ্রেষ্ঠী)
Mantramukhar (মন্ত্রমুখর)
Mohananda (মহানন্দা)
Swarnaseeta (স্বর্ণসীতা)
Nishijapon (নিশিযাপন)
Trophy (ট্রফি)
Lalmati (লালমাটি)
Krishnapakkha(কৃষ্ণপক্ষ)
Bidushok (বিদূষক)
Boitalik
Shilalipi (শিলালিপি)
Oshidhara (অসিধারা)
Vatiali
Podoshonchar (পদসঞ্চার)
Amabossar Gan
Alokporna (আলোকপর্ণা)
Short Stories
Golposongroho
Saper Mathay Moni
Sreshto Golpo
Swanirbachito Golpo
Dramas
Bhim Badh
Varate Chai
Agontuk
Porer Upokar Korio Na (Tenida series)
Satire
Sunandar Journal
Essays
Sahitye Chotogolpo
Bangla Golpo Bichitra
Chotogolper Shimarekha
Kothakobid Rabindranath
Children literature
Charmurti (Filmed as Charmurti in 1978)
Charmurtir Abhijan
Abyartha Lokhyobhed Ebong (not a Tenida story)
Jhaubanglar Rohosyo
Kombol Niruddesh
Tenida o Sindhughotok
Porer Upokar Korio na (Drama)
Tenida Somogro
Rammohan (Biography of Raja Rammohan Roy)
Samagra Kishore Sahitya
See also
List of Indian writers
References
External links
Gangopadhyay, Narayan at the West Bengal Public Library Network
Short story "The Bait" (translated).
Thesis on short stories of Narayan Gongopadhyay
Sunday Suspense Stories of Narayan Gongopadhyay
Tenida Samagra by Narayan Gongopadhyay
1918 births
1970 deaths
Bengali writers
Bengali-language writers
Brojomohun College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
University of Calcutta faculty
Writers from Kolkata
Hellinsia unicolor is a moth of the family Pterophoridae described by William Barnes and James Halliday McDunnough in 1913. It is found in North America, including Florida, Mississippi, Georgia and Kentucky.
The wingspan is about 14–20 mm. The forewings are a pale straw color, slightly tinged with smoky along the terminal margins of the lobes. The hindwings are pale smoky with lighter silky fringes.
The larvae feed on Eupatorium capillifolium. They bore in the stem and roots of their host plant.
References
Moths described in 1913
unicolor
Moths of North America
Fauna of the Southeastern United States
Taxa named by William Barnes (entomologist)
Taxa named by James Halliday McDunnough
Syed Haider Ali Shah is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-16 (Hangu) as a candidate of Awami National Party (ANP) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 22,180 votes and defeated Maulana Mian Hussain Jalali, a candidate of Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA).
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-16 (Hangu) as a candidate of ANP in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 4,479 votes and lost the seat to Khayal Zaman Orakzai.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Hangu District, Pakistan
Axe Lake Aerodrome is located near the Axe Lake oil sands discovery in north-west Saskatchewan, Canada. The aerodrome is located near the border with Alberta, just south of Vande Veen Lake. The nearest highway is Highway 955 to the east. A gravel road connects the airport to the highway.
See also
List of airports in Saskatchewan
References
Registered aerodromes in Saskatchewan
Luisa-María Linares (born 1915 in Madrid, Spain – d. 12 September 1986 in Estoril, Portugal), was a popular Spanish writer of 32 romantic novels from 1939 to 1983. Them novels have been translated into several languages and adapted to film 22 times. Them sister Concha Linares-Becerra also was a romance novelist, and their father was Luis Linares-Becerra, a playwright.
Biography
Luisa María Linares-Becerra y Martín de Eugenio was born on 1915 in Madrid, Spain, daughter of Luis Linares-Becerra, a playwright, journalist and teather, and their wife, María Concepción Martín de Eugenio. They had two sisters: María Concepción and María del Carmen. After their father death, their sister started to write romance novels as Concha Linares-Becerra.
At 15, they fell in love with Antonio Carbó y Ortiz-Repiso, and they married on September 1933, when they were 18. They had two daughters: María Luisa and María Concepción. Them husband was executed on 14 August 1936 on the destroyer "Almirante Valdés". Back at the mother's home, they began writing for magazines. In 1939, coinciding with the end of the Spanish Civil War, they published their first novels. The following year their novel En poder de Barba Azul was adapted to film, the first of 22 adaptations.
Linares died on 12 September 1986 in Estoril, Portugal and they were buried in their native Madrid.
Bibliography
Single novels
En poder de Barba Azul (1939)
Escuela para nuevos ricos (1939)
Mi enemigo y yo (1939)
Un marido a precio fijo (1940)
Doce lunas de miel (1941)
Tuvo la culpa Adán (1942)
Una aventura de película (1942)
La vida empieza a medianoche (1943)
Mi novio el emperador (1943)
Imposible para una solterona (1945)
Napoleón llega en el "Clipper" (1945)
Salomé la magnífica (1946)
Esta semana me llamo Cleopatra (1949)
Socios para la aventura (1950)
Soy la otra mujer (1950)
Cada día tiene su secreto (1951)
Sólo volaré contigo (1952)
Apasionadamente infiel (1955)
Esta noche volveré tarde (1958)
Casi siempre te adoro (1959)
Mis cien últimos amores (1963)
Juan a las ocho, Pablo a las diez (1964) Web of Fear
De noche soy indiscreta (1965)
No digas lo que hice ayer (1969) Fatal Legacy
Esconde la llave de esa puerta (1974)
Mi hombre en Ginebra (1977)
Vivimos juntos (1981)
Ponga un tigre en su cama (1983)
Anthologies
La calle desconocida + (Regalo de Navidad + Lina es una aventurera) (1945)
Hay otros hombres: siete novelas cortas (1953)
Lusitania Express + Como casarse con un Primer Ministro + Vacaciones al sol + Bajo el signo del miedo (1955)
Prueba suerte otra vez + Absolutamente libre + El séptimo suelo (1979)
References
1915 births
1986 deaths
People from Madrid
Spanish novelists
Spanish romantic fiction writers
Women romantic fiction writers
20th-century Spanish novelists
20th-century women writers
Robert L. Freedman (born July 27, 1957) is an American screenwriter and dramatist.  They are best known for their teleplays for Rodgers & Hammerstein's Cinderella (1997) and Life with Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows (2001), and for their Tony-winning book and lyrics of A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder (2014).
Early life and education
Freedman attended Los Alamitos High School, where they were the editor of the school's newspaper. That's where they met another influential figure in their life, a journalism teacher named Margaret Hall.
They attended the University of California, Los Angeles and New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. They hold Masters of Fine Arts from NYU in Dramatic Writing and Musical Theatre Writing.
Career
Freedman won the 1994 Writers Guild of America Award for Outstanding Television Children's Show for their script for the TV movie A Deadly Secret: The Robert Bierer Story (1993). They were the screenwriter for the TV movie Rodgers and Hammerstein's Cinderella (1997), and received a nomination for the Writers Guild of America Award for Outstanding Children's Script.
Freedman is the screenwriter and producer of the television movie Life with Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows, which was televised on ABC in 2001. The movie, about the early life of Judy Garland, was based on the book Me and My Shadows: A Family Memoir by Lorna Luft. Among other awards, Freedman was nominated by the Writers Guild of America, "Adapted Long Form". They were also nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing For a Miniseries or a Movie, a Co-Nominee for the 2001 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Miniseries.
They wrote the book for the stage musical Grand Duchy, with music by John Bayless, which had staged readings at Playwrights Horizons and the Paper Mill Playhouse and premiered in Santa Barbara, California, in 2003. A second performance, also in Santa Barbara, was expected spring of 2016.
They wrote the book to a musical titled Campaign of the Century, with lyrics by Freedman and Steven Lutvak and music by Lutvak. It is based on the book by Greg Mitchell, and is about the smear campaign against author Upton Sinclair. It had staged readings at the Chicago Humanities Festival in 2004, the New York Music Festival in September 2005, and the Beverly Hills Theatre Guild in 2006.
Freedman co-wrote a one-man play with Faye Greenberg titled The Beast of Broadway, which had its premiere in 2010 at TheatreZone, Naples, Florida. The play is based in part on the book The Abominable Showman by Howard Kissell, about the producer David Merrick.
Freedman wrote the book and lyrics to a musical version of Kind Hearts and Coronets, with music and lyrics by Steven Lutvak, directed by Ron Lagomarsino, which was presented at the Sundance Institute Theatre Laboratory, Utah, in July 2006. The musical had a staged reading in the Breaking Ground Series at the Huntington Theatre in Boston in April 2006. A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder, co-written with Lutvak and based on the 1907 novel Israel Rank by Roy Horniman (the source for Kind Hearts and Coronets), ultimately premiered in October 2012 at Hartford Stage in Hartford, Connecticut. The production, directed by Darko Tresnjak, transferred to the Old Globe Theatre in San Diego, California, in March 2013, and then opened on Broadway in 2014. Freedman won the Tony Award for Best Book of a Musical for this musical.
Work
Television
Sources: The New York Times, filmreference.com
The Royal Romance of Charles and Diana (1982)
Broadway Sings: The Music of Jule Styne (1987)
Taken Away (1989)
Locked Up: A Mother's Rage (1991)
Woman With A Past (1992)
A Deadly Secret: The Robert Bierer Story (1992)
Honor Thy Mother (1992)
In the Best of Families: Marriage, Pride & Madness (1994)
What Love Sees (1996)
Mrs. Santa Claus (1997)
Unlikely Angel (1997)
Rodgers & Hammerstein's Cinderella (1997)
Long Way Home (1998)
What Makes a Family (2001)
Life with Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows (2001)
Murder in the Hamptons (2005)
The Pastor's Wife (2011)
Theatre
Grand Duchy (with John Bayless)
Campaign of the Century (with Steven Lutvak)
The Beast of Broadway: The Life and Times of David Merrick (with Faye Greenberg) (2010)
A Gentleman's Guide to Love and Murder (with Steven Lutvak)
Camp Rock: The Musical (with Faye Greenberg)
Honors and awards
References
External links
Official site
1957 births
American lyricists
American musical theatre lyricists
Broadway composers and lyricists
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
American television writers
American male television writers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Foreign Policy Research Institute
Tony Award winners
Khorma (, also Romanized as Khormā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 92, in 33 families.
References
Populated places in Langarud County
Tank Battles: The Songs of Hanns Eisler is a solo album by German singer Dagmar Krause released by Island Records in 1988. It is a collection of 26 songs by German composer Hanns Eisler sung by Krause in English. They also sang the songs in the original German which were released by Island at the same time on a companion album, Panzerschlacht: Die Lieder von Hanns Eisler.
Tank Battles was reissued by Voiceprint Records in 1994 with all its original tracks, plus ten bonus tracks taken from the German edition, Panzerschlacht.
Reception
In a review of Tank Battles at AllMusic, John Dougan called it "[a] worthy follow up" to Krause's previous album, Supply and Demand. They said their vocals here are "stunning" and the instrumental backing is "impeccable".
Writing in The Wire, Philip Clark called Tank Battles a "laudable attempt" by Krause to present a modern interpretation of songs by Eisler-Brecht. They said producer Greg Cohen's "sensitive arrangements" of the album's material "winningly evokes 1920s Berlin". Clark stated that Krause's "vocal production, the shaping of their melodic contours and the brittle, staccato phrasing" all owes itself to Eisler's work.
Legacy
The album was included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Track listing
All songs composed by Hanns Eisler; texts by Bertolt Brecht except where stated.
Tank Battles
"The Song of the Whitewash" – 2:07
Translation: N. Gould-Verschoyle
"(I Read About) Tank Battles" – 1:30
Translation: John Willett
"You Have to Pay" – 1:43
Text: Walter Mehring
Translation: Jim Woodland, Malcolm Green
"Chanson Allemande" – 1:20
Text: Berthold Viertel
Translation: Andrew Dodge
"The Ballad of the Sackslingers" – 3:24
Text: Julian Arendt
Translation: Dagmar Krause, Jim Woodland
"Mother Beimlein" – 1:16
Translation: Lesley Lendrum
"The Perhaps Song" – 1:50
Translation: Bettina Jonic, Katherine Helm
"Lied von der Belebeden Wirkung des Geldes (The Song of the Invigorating Impact of Cash)" – 4:32
"Mankind" – 0:59
Text: Hanns Eisler
Translation: Dagmar Krause, Jim Woodland
"Bettelied" – 1:27
"Song of a German Mother" – 2:31
Translation: Eric Bentley
"Change the World – It Needs It" – 2:07
Translation: Eric Bentley
"Bankenlied (Banking Song)" – 2:59
Text: Siegmar Mehring
"Legende von der Entstehung des Buches Taoteking (Legend of the Origin of the Book of the Taote King)" – 6:43
"Balad of (Bourgoise) Welfare" – 2:53
Text: Kurt Tucholsky
Translation: Jim Woodland
"Mother's Hands" – 2:02
Text: Kurt Tucholsky
Translation: Malcolm Green
"Berlin 1919" – 2:30
Text: Anonymous
Translation: Eric Bentley
"And I Shall Never See Again" – 1:52
Translation: Eric Bentley
"Genevieve: Ostern ist Ein Ball sur Seine (Genevieve: Easter There is a Ball on the Seine)" – 1:05
"The Wise Woman and the Soldier" – 3:43
Translation: Eric Bentley
"Failure in Loving" – 1:04
Text: Heinrich Heine
Translation: Eric Bentley
"Und Endlich Stirbt" – 1:12
Text: Peter Altenberg
"The Rat Men – Nightmare" – 1:18
"The Homecoming" – 1:34
Translation: Eric Bentley
"The Trenches" – 3:44
Text: Kurt Tucholsky
"To a Little Radio" – 1:05
Panzerschlacht
"Lied von der Tünche" – 2:09
"Panzerschlacht" – 1:31
"Zahlen müsst Ihr" – 1:44
Text: Walter Mehring
"Chanson Allemande" – 1:17
Text: Berthold Viertel
"Ballade von den Säckeschmeißern" – 3:23
Text: Julian Arendt
"Mutter Beimlein" – 1:21
"Das Vielleicht-Lied" – 1:50
"Lied von der belebenden Wirkung des Geldes" – 4:32
"Der Mensch" – 0:57
Text: Hanns Eisler
"Bettellied" – 1:28
"Lied Einer Deutschen Mutter" – 2:33
"Ändere die Welt – Sie braucht Es" – 2:06
"Bankenlied" – 2:58
Text: Siegmar Mehring
"Legende von der Entstehung des Buches Taoteking" – 6:43
"(Ballade von der) Wohltätigkeit" – 2:53
Text: Kurt Tucholsky
"Mutterns Hände" – 2:05
Text: Kurt Tucholsky
"Spartacus 1919" – 2:31
Text: Anonymous
"Und ich Werde Nicht Mehr Sehen" – 1:51
"Geneviève: Ostern ist Ball sur Seine" – 1:04
"Ballade vom Weib und dem Soldaten" – 3:41
"Verfehlte Liebe" – 1:04
Text: Heinrich Heine
"Und Endlich Stirbt" – 1:11
Text: Peter Altenberg
"The Rat Men – Nightmare" – 1:19
"Die Heimkehr" – 1:35
"Der Graben" – 3:43
Text: Kurt Tucholsky
"An den Kleinen Radioapperat" – 1:05
Tank Battles (reissue)
"The Song of the Whitewash" – 2:07
Translation: N. Gould-Verschoyle
"(I Read About) Tank Battles" – 1:30
Translation: John Willett
"You Have to Pay" – 1:43
Text: Walter Mehring
Translation: Jim Woodland, Malcolm Green
"Chanson Allemande" – 1:20
Text: Berthold Viertel
Translation: Andrew Dodge
"The Ballad of the Sackslingers" – 3:24
Text: Julian Arendt
Translation: Dagmar Krause, Jim Woodland
"Mother Beimlein" – 1:16
Translation: Lesley Lendrum
"The Perhaps Song" – 1:50
Translation: Bettina Jonic, Katherine Helm
"Lied von der belebenden Wirkung des Geldes (The Song of the Invigorating Impact of Cash)" – 4:32
"Mankind" – 0:59
Text: Hanns Eisler
Translation: Dagmar Krause, Jim Woodland
"Bettellied" – 1:27
"Song of a German Mother" – 2:31
Translation: Eric Bentley
"Change the World – It Needs It" – 2:07
Translation: Eric Bentley
"Bankenlied (Banking Song)" – 2:59
Text: Siegmar Mehring
"Legende von der Entstehung des Buches Taoteking (Legend of the Origin of the Book of the Taote King)" – 6:43
"Balad of (Bourgoise) Welfare" – 2:53
Text: Kurt Tucholsky
Translation: Jim Woodland
"Mother's Hands" – 2:02
Text: Kurt Tucholsky
Translation: Malcolm Green
"Berlin 1919" – 2:30
Text: Anonymous
Translation: Eric Bentley
"And I Shall Never See Again" – 1:52
Translation: Eric Bentley
"Genevieve: Ostern ist ein Ball sur Seine (Genevieve: Easter There is a Ball on the Seine)" – 1:05
"The Wise Woman and the Soldier" – 3:43
Translation: Eric Bentley
"Failure in Loving" – 1:04
Text: Heinrich Heine
Translation: Eric Bentley
"Und endlich stirbt" – 1:12
Text: Peter Altenberg
"The Rat Men – Nightmare" – 1:18
"The Homecoming" – 1:34
Translation: Eric Bentley
"The Trenches" – 3:44
Text: Kurt Tucholsky
"To a Little Radio" – 1:05
"Panzerschlacht" – 1:33 *
"Vielleicht Lied" – 1:51 *
"Der Mensch" – 0:55 *
Text: Hanns Eisler
"Lied von der Deutschen Mutter" – 2:32 *
"Mutterns Hande" – 2:03 *
Text: Kurt Tucholsky
"Spartacus 1919" – 2:31 *
Text: Anonymous
"Ich werde nicht mehr sehen" – 1:53 *
"Die Heimkehr" – 1:35 *
"Der Graben" – 3:43 *
Text: Kurt Tucholsky
"Den kleinen Radioapparat" – 1:06 *
* Bonus tracks taken from Panzerschlacht
Personnel
Dagmar Krause – vocals
Alexander Bălănescu – viola
Steve Berry – double bass
Michael Blair – percussion
Lindsay Cooper – bassoon
Andrew Dodge – keyboards
Phil Edwards – saxophone
John Harle – saxophone
Sarah Homer – clarinet
John Leonard – bassoon
Ian Mitchell – clarinet
Bruce Nockles – trumpet
Ashley Slater – tuba
Steve Sterling – horns
Graeme Taylor – guitar, banjo
Gertrude Thoma – vocals
Danny Thompson – double bass
John Tilbury – keyboards
References
External links
Album online on Radio3Net a radio channel of Romanian Radio Broadcasting Company
.
.
.
1988 albums
Island Records albums
Amrit Pritam is a National Film Award winning sound designer and a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, popularly known as the Oscar, as well as the Motion Picture Sound Editors.  They are the recipient along with Resul Pookutty of a Motion Picture Sound Editors Golden Reel Award and two Producers Guild of India – Apsara Awards Additionally, Pritam has been conferred with awards by the state governments of Assam, Goa, and Maharashtra.
They have served on several notable film juries, including the House of Illusions jury at the Chalachitram National Film Festival, the Assam State Film Awards, and the Goa State Film Awards.
Early life
Amrit Pritam was born on 4 November 1975, in Jorhat town, Assam. They graduated in Physics from JB College, Jorhat, in 1998. And then did a 3-year Sound Engineering course at the Dr. Bhupen Hazarika Regional Government Film and Television Institute, Guwahati, Assam. Following their education, they moved to Mumbai in 2002 and started working in films, initially, as a FX foley tracklayer, dialogue cleaner, pre-mixer, production mixer, and sound editor.
Film studies
Amrit Pritam has served on the Academic council of the film Studies dept. of JB College, Jorhat, Assam; and has conducted film workshops and classes at film festivals such as SIFFCY and educational venues such as Guwahati University, Cotton University, Tezpur University, and the Film and Television Institute of India. They plan to someday set up a school dedicated to teaching the art of sound in cinema.
Filmography
Amrit Pritam has in the last two decades worked in the sound department of over 140 films in a variety of languages — Hindi, English, Assamese, Malayalam, Tamil, Marathi, Telugu, Kannada, Gujarati, Khasi, Bodo, Dimasa and Tiwa (Lalung). Quite a few of them have won National Film Awards as well as awards in international film festivals, in a variety of categories. Many others went to be super box-office hits.
A notable voice originally from Assam but who has never limited themselves to any single, particular region, Pritam worked closely with Resul Pookutty in the Oscar-winning Slumdog Millionaire directed by Danny Boyle. Other notable films from all over the country as well as overseas include 2.0, Kaabil, Village Rockstars, Bioscopewala, Kick, Highway, Jazba, Roar, Ra.One, Endhiran — The Robot, Liv & Ingmar, Chittagong, Ghajini, Blue, Nanban, English Vinglish, Margarita with a Straw, Aakhon Dekhi, A Rainy Day, Kerala Varma Pazhassi Raja, Omkara, Black, Maqbool, Mangal Pandey, India's Daughter, PK, and Court.
Awards
References
External links
Amrit Pritam at House of Illusions
1975 births
Living people
Indian sound designers
Assamese people
People from Jorhat district
Sound editors
Sound designers
National Film Award (India) winners
Netball Central is an Australian netball venue located in Sydney Olympic Park, New South Wales. Between 2016 and 2018, due to a naming rights arrangement, it was known as the Genea Netball Centre. The venue is owned by Netball New South Wales. It serves as their headquarters and as the main training base for New South Wales Swifts and Giants Netball. It was a host venue for the 2015 Netball World Cup and the 2018 Invictus Games. As well as netball, Netball Central regularly hosts martial arts, volleyball, table tennis, badminton and basketball tournaments and competitions.
History
Construction
In February 2011, Netball New South Wales announced their plans to build a new Netball Centre of Excellence in Sydney Olympic Park. Construction work began on the projection in 2013, with the "turning of the sod" taking place on Sunday, 17 February 2013. The architects were Scott Carver Architects and the builder was Probuild, while the Arup Group acted as consultants. Netball Central was the first sports facility to be built at the park since the 2000 Summer Olympics. Located on Olympic Boulevard, it was built on land in front of the State Sports Centre. One of its most distinctive features is a gable-roofed portal frame of laminated veneer lumber. The finished project cost $35m and was funded by the Australian Government, the Government of New South Wales, the Sydney Olympic Park Authority and Netball New South Wales.
Opening
On Monday, 1 December 2014, Netball New South Wales moved into Netball Central. It was officially opened on 6 February 2015 with a ceremony attended by Wendy Archer, the Netball NSW President, Carolyn Campbell, the Netball NSW CEO, Stuart Ayres, a Government of New South Wales minister and Craig Laundy, the Member of Parliament for Reid. It was originally due to be officially opened in December 2014 but was the ceremony was cancelled due to the Lindt Cafe siege.
During its first year open, Netball Central hosted three major netball tournaments. In February 2015 New South Wales Swifts hosted the 2015 ANZ Championship Official Pre-Season Summer Shootout. The tournament featured all ten ANZ Championship teams. This was the first major netball tournament to be held at the venue. In April 2015, Netball Central hosted the under-17 and under-19 Australian National Netball Championships tournaments. New South Wales finished as under-19 champions and as under-17 runners-up. In August 2015 Netball Central was a host venue for the 2015 Netball World Cup. It was the official training venue for all sixteen participating teams. It also hosted pool matches, play-offs and placing games.
Tenants
Netball Central serves as the headquarters for Netball New South Wales and as the main training base for New South Wales Swifts and Giants Netball.
Between 2015 and 2019, Netball Central regularly hosted Australian Netball League matches. Both NNSW Waratahs and Canberra Giants played home matches at the venue. The venue also hosted the 2016 ANL Final Series. In the grand final Waratahs lost 53–46 to Victorian Fury.
Since 2016, Netball Central has been the host venue for the Netball NSW Premier League. It also hosts numerous other netball competitions organised by Netball New South Wales, including the Dooleys Metro League.
In 2016, Sydney Warriors and Sydney Amazons announced that they would play their home matches for the 2016 Australian Volleyball League and Australian Women's Volleyball League seasons at Netball Central.
Facilities
Netball Central features six timber sprung courts, including a show court which seats 860.
Events hosted
Netball Central regularly hosts martial arts, volleyball, table tennis, basketball tournaments.
Naming rights sponsor
References
External links
Netball Central on Facebook
Netball Central on Twitter
New South Wales Swifts
Giants Netball
Netball venues in New South Wales
Volleyball venues in Australia
Basketball venues in Australia
Sports venues in Sydney
Sydney Olympic Park
2014 establishments in Australia
Sports venues completed in 2014
Amadeus Wallschläger (born 1 September 1985) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Career
Born in Eisenhüttenstadt, Wallschläger played for SG Aufbau Eisenhüttenstadt, Eisenhüttenstädter FC Stahl, Viktoria Frankfurt/Oder, Hertha BSC, Hertha BSC II, FC Carl Zeiss Jena, FC Carl Zeiss Jena II, Berliner FC Dynamo and FSV Union Fürstenwalde.
References
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Eisenhüttenstadt
German footballers
Eisenhüttenstädter FC Stahl players
1. FC Frankfurt players
Hertha BSC players
Hertha BSC II players
FC Carl Zeiss Jena players
Berliner FC Dynamo players
FSV Union Fürstenwalde players
Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
Association football defenders
Footballers from Brandenburg
The mourning sierra finch (Rhopospina fruticeti) is a species of South American bird in the tanager family Thraupidae. It is the only member of the genus Rhopospina.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Chile and Peru. It is a vagrant to the Falkland Islands and Brazil. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry shrubland and subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
Taxonomy
The mourning sierra finch was formally described and illustrated in 1883 by the Geman naturalist Heinrich von Kittlitz under the binomial name Fringilla fruticeti. This species was formerly included in the genus Phrygilus. A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 found that Phrygilus was polyphyletic, and in the subsequent rearrangement, the mourning sierra finch was moved to the resurrected genus Rhopospina that had been introduced in 1851 by Jean Cabanis. The genus name combines the Ancient Greek rhōps meaning "bush" with spina meaning "finch". The specific epithet is from the Latin fruticetum meaning "thicket".
Three subspecies are recognised:
R. f. peruviana (Zimmer, JT, 1924) – Peru and west Bolivia
R. f. coracina (Sclater, PL, 1891) – southwest Bolivia and northeast Chile
R. f. fruticeti (Kittlitz, 1833) – north to south Chile and west Argentina
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the mourning sierra finch
mourning sierra finch
Birds of the Andes
Birds of Patagonia
mourning sierra finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Heinrich von Kittlitz
Gopeng may refer to:
Gopeng
Gopeng (federal constituency), represented in the Dewan Rakyat
Gopeng (state constituency), formerly represented in the Perak State Legislative Assembly (1959–86)
The Patapsco Valley is a small valley surrounding the Patapsco River in central Maryland. The region is known for its historical significance as a major economic and industrial center in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.
Geography
The Patapsco Valley follows the Patapsco River, a major river flowing into the Chesapeake Bay. The valley is mostly wooded with various steep elevations as the valley travels north. The valley begins in Elkridge Landing and runs north through a number of mill town communities until the river splits into two segments. Liberty Dam and its reservoir, located on the North Branch, is a major component of the Baltimore city water system. Besides Baltimore, the river also flows past Ellicott City (the county seat of Howard County) and Elkridge. The South Branch of the river flows east from its source in Marriottsville, Maryland.
Patapsco Valley State Park is adjacent to of the Patapsco and its branches, encompassing a total of in five different areas. The river cuts a gorge 100–200 feet (35–70 m) deep within the park, which features rocky cliffs and tributary waterfalls.
The valley contains the communities of Catonsville, Ellicott City, Elkridge, Woodstock, Daniels, Hanover, and many others.
The valley is drained by the Patapsco River and its tributaries.
History
John Smith was the first European to explore the river noting it on their 1612 map as the Bolus River. The "Red river", was named after the clay color, and is considered the "old Bolus", as other branches were also labelled Bolus on maps. As the river was not navigable beyond Elkridge, it was not a major path of commerce with only one ship listed as serving the northern branch, and four others operating around the mouth in 1723. The Patapsco valley was used as the route of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad's original main line west constructed from 1829 onwards, and this route remains, though much altered. Many old railroad bridges were constructed in the valley, most notably the Thomas Viaduct and the Patterson Viaduct, of which ruins remain. Flour mills and a hydropower dam were formerly powered by the river.
The valley is prone to flooding, though at long intervals. Modern floods include one in 1868 that washed away 14 houses killing 39 around Ellicott City. A 1923 flood topped bridges. In 1952 an eight-foot wall of water swept the shops of Ellicott City and a 1956 flood inflicted heavy damage at the Bartigis Brothers plant. In 1972, Ellicott City and the Old Main Line railroad sustained serious damage as a result of rainfall from the remnants of Hurricane Agnes.
During the 2010s, Ellicott City was impacted by two significant flood events in 2016 and 2018. These flood events were also due to significant rainfall, in which stormwater overflowed from the Tiber River and Hudson Branch tributaries of the Patapsco River. Due to much of Main Street being built on top of the natural course of the Tiber River, the stormwater was forced to exit via the Main Street channel into the Patapsco during both storms. Many in the community cite the high amount of impervious surface and overdevelopment throughout greater Ellicott City to be a contributing issue to these types of floods.
The mouth of the Patapsco River forms Baltimore harbor, the site of the Battle of Baltimore during the War of 1812. This is where Francis Scott Key, while aboard a British ship, wrote "The Star-Spangled Banner," a poem later set to music as the national anthem of the United States. Today, a red, white, and blue buoy marks the spot where was anchored.
Wildlife
Patapsco Valley is considered to be a major hub for wildlife in Central Maryland. In fact, it is noted as habitat hub and corridor by the Howard County Green infrastructure network. Conservation efforts have been made to protect this status through preservation easements along the Patapsco Valley State Park interface. The headquarters of the Howard County Conservancy is located in the upper valley in the town of Woodstock.
The valley is home to typical flora and fauna found in Central Maryland. Numerous sightings of the American black bear have been reported in the state park and surrounding area. In 2016, the Maryland Department of Natural Resources Police filmed a sighting in Catonsville, Maryland.
See also
2016 Maryland flood
2018 Maryland flood
References
External links
Patapsco Heritage Greenway (PHG) official website
Landforms of Maryland
Valleys of Maryland
James White Crooks (February 3, 1866 – September 4, 1944) was a pharmacist, business owner and politician in Ontario, Canada. They served as mayor of Port Arthur from 1924 to 1925.
They were born in Woodstock, Ontario and was educated at the Ontario College of Pharmacy. They lived for a short time in West Duluth, Minnesota before moving to Port Arthur in 1886. They opened a drug store in 1891 and went into partnership with Thomas Smellie in 1895. By 1909, they were sole owner of several drug stores in Port Arthur and Fort William. Crooks retired from business in 1935; the pharmacy remained in the family until 1986, when it was purchased by Shoppers Drug Mart. An earlier attempt by Shoppers to purchase the company in 1979 had been turned down by the Canadian Foreign Investment Review Agency.
They served on Port Arthur city council from 1920 to 1923.
Crooks died in St. Petersburg, Florida at the age of 78.
References
1866 births
1944 deaths
Mayors of Port Arthur, Ontario
Canadian pharmacists
Southampton is a station on the Montauk Branch of the Long Island Rail Road, on North Main Street between Prospect Street and Willow Street in Southampton, New York. (Prospect and Willow Streets are on the west side of North Main Street, but the station is located on the east side.)
Southampton station was opened in February 1871, then razed and rebuilt in 1902. The station is part of the village's North Main Street Historic District, which has been on the National Register of Historic Places since 1986. A freight house was also added across the tracks from this station, but it was severely neglected in recent years, and finally demolished in 2006.
Station layout
The station has one eight-car-long high-level side platform on the south side of the main track. Two siding tracks are on the north side of the main track.
References
External links
Unofficial LIRR History Website Photo (March 2000)
Southampton Station Freight House(TrainsAreFun.com)
Unofficial LIRR Photography Site
Southampton Station
Long Island Rail Road stations in Suffolk County, New York
The Hamptons, New York
Long Island Rail Road
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1871
Historic district contributing properties in New York (state)
National Register of Historic Places in Suffolk County, New York
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
1871 establishments in New York (state)
Wayne Burden is a retired American basketball player. They graduated in 1974 from William G. Enloe High School in Raleigh, North Carolina, and played one year of Division 2 college basketball at California State University, Chico, where they averaged 21.1 points per game. Between 1983 and 1990, they played seven seasons in the Australian NBL with the Frankston Bears (1983–84), Sydney Supersonics (1985–86), and Hobart Devils (1987–88; 1990). They led the NBL in 3-point percentage (47.8%; 34/71) during the 1986 season. After retiring from basketball they worked as a security agent.
References
Hobart Devils players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nanchang East railway station is a planned railway station in China. It will be on the planned Beijing–Hong Kong (Taipei) corridor.
Design
The station will have an arched structure.
Metro connections
The station will connect with Nanchang Metro lines 2 and 5. Provision is also being provided for an additional north–south line.
See also
Nanchang railway station
Nanchang West railway station
References
Railway stations in Jiangxi
Andreas Kipar (born 19 May 1960, in Gelsenkirchen) is a German landscape architect and lecturer in landscape architecture.
Career
Following a gardener's apprenticeship from 1980 to 1984 Kipar studied landscape gardening at the University of GHS Essen (now the University of Duisburg-Essen) and from 1989 to 1994 architecture at the Milan Polytechnic (TU Milan). In 1990 they founded in Milan together with the agronomist Giovanni Sala, the international architecture and planning office LAND (acronym of "Landscape Architecture Nature Development"), which they head today. LAND manages worldwide projects from Italy (Milan) with branches in Germany (Düsseldorf) and Switzerland (Lugano). From 1998 to 2009 Kipar taught landscape architecture at the University of Genoa. Since 2009, they have been teaching Public Space Design at the Milan Polytechnic. Guest lectures have taken them to universities and colleges in Italy, Germany, France and the USA. Kipar is married to an Italian (2 children) and their life centres on Milan.
Awards (selection)
International ELCA Trend Award "Building with Green" of the European Landscape Contractors Association 2002 (for Rimini Fair outdoor facilities);
North Rhine-Westphalian Landscape Architecture Award 2006 (for Stadtpark Krefeld-Fischeln);
Landscape Prize Regione Sardinia 2008/2009 (for open space concept Cagliari/landscape planning municipality Assemini);
Russian Award in Landscape Architecture 2015;
German-Italian business award (special award) 2018 (for German-Italian cooperation in the field of environment/green city)
MIPIM Award 2018 (for Porta Nuova Best Urban Regeneration Project);
In addition, in 2007 Kipar was awarded the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany.
Projects (selection)
Northpark (Parco Nord), Milan 1985 - 2000
Open space design Bicocca, Milan 1994-2010
Portello Park (Ex Alfa Romeo), Milan 1997 - today
Master Plan Green Rays, Milan 2005 - today
Krupp Park "Five Hills", Essen 2006 -2011
Masterplan IFC, Smart City, Moscow 2014 - today
Masterplan Venice Green Tree, Porto Marghera 2014 -2015
Landscaping Expo Dubai 2020, Dubai 2015 - today
Airolo Valley Renaturation, Canton Ticino, 2017 - today
MIND Milan Innovation District, Milan, 2017 - today
International Horticultural Exhibition 2019, Beijing 2018 - today
(A detailed list can be found on the homepage of LAND srl).
Publications (short list)
Emscher Park, Ruhr basin. A project of environmental restructuring for the international expo (IBA), Il Pomerio, Lodi 1993;
Il giardino paesaggistico tra 700 e 800 in Italia e in Germania (together with Pier Fausto Bagatti Valsecchi), Guerini e Associati, Milan 1996;
Architetture del Paesaggio - Ideas and competitions - L'Architettura del Paesaggio attraverso un racconto di concorsi, idee e progetti, Il Verde Editoriale, Milan 2003.
Also published about him: Alessandra Coppa /Giuseppe Marioni: Andreas Kipar Una monografia, Milan 2015.
External links
https://www.landsrl.com/
Individual mentions
1. Land Team Germany. Portal Landscape Architecture today (Association of German Landscape Artists). Downloaded on 3 November 2018
2. Du must mal raus/You have to get out post blog Cluverius 8. July 2018. Downloaded on 5. November 2018
3. Curriculum Vitae 2016 Milan Polytechnic. Downloaded 3 November 2018
4. Henning Klüver: Der Vordenker/The Forward Thinker In: Süddeutsche Zeitung, 3 July 2018. Downloaded 3 November 2018
5. Report of the NRW Architecture Chamber (6. March 2007). [1] Downloaded on 7. November 2018
6. Regione Sardegna, Assessorato Urbanistica, Determinazione 2820 / DG (22. December 2009). Downloaded on 2 November 2018
7. Mercurio eV Press release (6. July 2018). Downloaded on 3. November 2018
8. MIPIM Awards 2018 (15. March 2018. Downloaded on 4. November 2018
9. SMOwn Publishing Scientific book publisher since 2011. Downloaded on 3. November 2018
References
1960 births
20th-century German architects
People from Gelsenkirchen
University of Duisburg-Essen alumni
21st-century German architects
Living people
German expatriates in Italy
Architects from Milan
German landscape architects
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
The following poll makes up the 1973 NCAA University Division baseball rankings. Collegiate Baseball Newspaper published its first human poll of the top 20 teams in college baseball in 1957, and expanded to rank the top 30 teams in 1961.
Collegiate Baseball
Currently, only the final poll from the 1973 season is available.
References
College baseball rankings in the United States
Hanli Prinsloo is a South African freediver, speaker, writer and ocean conservationist.  They are the founder and executive director of I Am Water, an ocean conservation trust dedicated to conserving and protecting the world's oceans through human experience.
During their competitive years as a freediver, they broke eleven South African free diving records and was the first South African to hold all six free diving records simultaneously.
Personal life
Prinsloo was born to parent Hennie and Naomi Prinsloo on a farm near Cullinan, South Africa, and spent their first 18 years on a horse farm outside Pretoria. Prinsloo has one sister, sculptor Marieke Prinsloo-Rowe, who works mainly in cement and often with an aquatic theme.
Education
After graduating from Willowridge High School in Pretoria, Prinsloo studied dramatic studies at the University of Pretoria for one year before relocating to Gothenburg, Sweden where they studied both performing arts (Dramatik, Goteborgs Universitet) and cultural project management (Kulturverkstan).  They are a qualified free-diving instructor with AIDA, and a certified yoga instructor (Sampoorna Yoga, India).
Freediving achievements
While studying and working as an actor in Sweden, they were introduced to the sport of free-diving by ocean adventurer and free-diver Sebastian Naslund. In 2003 Hanli broke their first South African free-diving record and in 2006 represented South Africa at the Free-diving World Championships in Dahab, Egypt. In 2008 they broke four South African records and won the Nordic Deep Free-diving Competition. In 2010 they broke their eleventh South African record and became the first South African to hold records in all six free competitive diving disciplines simultaneously.
Career and accomplishments
In 2010, Prinsloo started working as a documentary filmmaker. In 2010, they completed a one-hour documentary film with production company Filmkreatorerna under producer Klara Bjork. The film ‘White As Blood' screened in several countries and charted a personal journey of coming home.
They have worked with an array of top athletes coaching the lessons of mental strength learned in free-diving. They have worked with trail runner Ryan Sandes, and big wave surfers including Grant "Twiggy" Baker, Chris Bertish, Frank Solomon, and Greg Long. Prinsloo worked intensively with the South African Springbok Sevens rugby team during the 2012–2013 season under coach Paul Treu.
In 2014, Prinsloo was selected as one of the World Economic Forum's Young Global Leaders.. They have worked with author James Nestor in teaching them how to freedive, which they documented their experiences with them in their book DEEP: Freediving, Renegade Science, and What the Ocean Tells Us about Ourselves.
I Am Water Trust
In 2010, their diving experiences with vulnerable marine creatures inspired them to create the Am Water Trust in 2010 with the help of the Ewing Trust Company. I Am Water believes the well being of the humanity cannot be separated from the well being of wilderness. Prinsloo is currently the executive director of I Am Water .
Working in partnership with UBS and Catlin, I Am Water has initiated ocean outreach programs in South Africa and Bermuda.
External links
References
South African freedivers
Conservationists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Potato Hill may refer to several places:
Potato Hill (Latah County, Idaho), an elevation in Latah County, Idaho
Potato Hill (New York), an elevation in Oneida County, New York
Potato Hill, a scene of fighting during the 1864 Battle of Byram's Ford
Alexander Archibald (December 13, 1869 – February 11, 1922) served as Mayor of Newark, New Jersey, from 1921 until their death the following year.
Biography
Archibald was born on December 13, 1869, in Scotland to William and Margaret Archibald. They and their parents immigrated to the United States in 1871 and settled in Newark, New Jersey.
After serving on the City Council, Archibald was elected Mayor of Newark in 1921.
They died Saturday, February 11, 1922, after surgery for a brain tumor.
References
Mayors of Newark, New Jersey
Scottish emigrants to the United States
1869 births
1922 deaths
Politicians from Edinburgh
Deaths from brain cancer in the United States
One Day Silver, One Day Gold is the third album by the British synthpop band Blue October.
Track listing
"It's Not Enough"
"I Never Thought I'd See You Cry"
"Un-done"
"Free"
"Nervous Energy"
"Pushing"
"Somewhere"
"Are We The Reason?"
"Nowhere"
"The Soul Within
"Supanova"
"Light Over Dark"
"The Soul Within" (Polarised Sustain Mix) 1
"It's No Enough" (Modular Music Mix) 1
"I Never Thought I'd See You Cry" (Nano Thought Control Mix) 1
1 Bonus tracks
Personnel
Ross Carter: Vocals
Glen Wisbey: Keyboards & Programming
Chris Taubert: Keyboards & Sampling
Nic Johnston: Guitars
Details
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, 12 written by Glen Wisbey and Ross Carter
6 written by Glen Wisbey
9 written by Glen Wisbey / Chris Taubert
Guitars by Nic Johnston
Backing vocals on tracks 1, 7, 8 by Alexys B
Bonus tracks remixed by Glen Wisbey
Bonus tracks additional production Reza Udhin
All songs were written and recorded between October 2002 and October 2004
Singles
One single was released from the album.
"Free" (2004)
Credits
Produced by Reza Udhin and Blue October UK
Recorded at The Safe, Essex
Mixed at Cryonica Studios, London
Review
The strong acoustic elements of this album are reminiscent of indie bands such as The Lightning Seeds or James and while this incorporating of a wider range of styles aids the music in standing out from the synthpop hordes it is then given more guts by a very modern rhythmic approach with Ross Carter's melodic vocal style providing the perfect accompaniment throughout, from the easy-going opener "It's Not Enough" (which, along with "Are We The Reason?" features backing vocals from Alexys B), the bustling "The Soul Within" or the infectious "I Never Thought I'd See You Cry".
For me, the highlights come in the shape of the harder-edged instrumentals "Pushing" & "Nowhere", both of which benefit from some fine musicianship, while the powerfully majestic chorus that graces "Somewhere" provides another memorable moment. And just to make sure the album doesn't miss out on that all-important club action are the three 'club mixes' at the end, all of which (by the band's own Glen Wisbey with help from Reza Udhin) make the most of the band's catchy style & benefit from the extra dynamic boost.
2005 albums
Blue October (British band) albums
The Concepción Chile Temple is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in Concepción, Chile.
History
The intent to construct the temple was announced by church president Thomas S. Monson on October 3, 2009, during the church's semi-annual general conference. The temple was announced concurrently with the Brigham City Utah, Fort Lauderdale Florida, Fortaleza Brazil and Sapporo Japan temples; at the time, the announcement brought the total number of temples worldwide to 151. It is the second temple constructed in Chile, along with the Santiago Chile Temple which was dedicated in 1983.
On October 17, 2015, Walter F. González presided at a groundbreaking to signify beginning of construction. Following construction, a public open house was held from September 15 through October 13, 2018, excluding Sundays. The temple was dedicated on October 28, 2018 by Russell M. Nelson.
In 2020, the Concepción Chile Temple was closed temporarily during the year in response to the coronavirus pandemic.
See also
Comparison of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by geographic region
Temple architecture (Latter-day Saints)
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Chile
References
External links
Concepción Chile Temple Official site
Concepción Chile Temple at ChurchofJesusChristTemples.org
Buildings and structures in Biobío Region
Temples (LDS Church) in Latin America
Temples (LDS Church) in Chile
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Chile
21st-century Latter Day Saint temples
Religious buildings and structures completed in 2018
Polylopha ornithopora is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in New Guinea.
References
Moths described in 1953
Polyorthini
Safayieh (, also Romanized as Safāyīeh) is a village in Karimabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 18 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Altichiero da Verona (c. 1330 – c. 1390), also called Aldighieri da Zevio, was an Italian painter of the Gothic style.
A follower of Giotto, Altichiero is credited with founding the Veronese school. They worked in Verona and Padua—works by them survive in the church of Sant'Anastasia in Verona and in the basilica of Sant'Antonio and the Oratorio di San Giorgio in Padua (where the credit for the work has been generally shared with Jacopo d'Avanzi, about whom little is known).
Altichiero was probably born somewhere near Zevio. They became an important member of the della Scala's household, and around 1364 painted a series of frescoes based upon Flavius Josephus's The Wars of the Jews at the della Scala palace of Sala del Podestà.
There are frescoes by them in the Basilica of Saint Anthony of Padua. In conjunction with D'Avanzo Veronese, they frescoed the chapel of St. James for which they were paid 792 ducats. The first seven frescoes on the life of St. James the Elder were by Altichiero.
The last record of Altichiero is a Paduan archival document of September 1384. At that time they were in Verona or about to go there. The Florentine art historian Giorgio Vasari is the source of the tradition that Altichiero returned to Verona after working in Padua.
References
Secondary Sources
1330 births
1390 deaths
14th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
Trecento painters
Gothic painters
Fresco painters
Fórnols de Cadí or Fórnols is a hamlet located in the municipality of La Vansa i Fórnols, in Province of Lleida province, Catalonia, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 19.
Geography
Fórnols de Cadí is located 167km northeast of Lleida.
References
Populated places in the Province of Lleida
Phaleni is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1881 Nepal census it had a population of 57327 people living in 286 individual households. Phaleni was the first king in Nepal village and married six wives and 29 children and 64 grandchildren after the death in 1901
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Lori Anne Brotto (born 1975) is a Canadian psychologist best known for their work on female sexual arousal disorder (FSAD).
Career
In 1993, Brotto graduated from Johnston Heights High School in Surrey, British Columbia. Brotto attended the University of British Columbia, earning a biopsychology B.Sc. in 1997, a M.A. in 1999, and a Ph.D. in clinical psychology in 2003. In 2003, they completed a one-year internship in the Department of Psychiatry at the University of Washington, followed by a two-year Postdoctoral Fellowship in Reproductive and Sexual Medicine. Brotto was licensed as a Psychologist in the Province of British Columbia in 2005 and has held a position in the Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology at the University of British Columbia since 2005.  They are currently the Executive Director for the province of BC's Women's Health Research Institute.
Brotto is currently President of the International Academy of Sex Research, and a member of the Society for Sex Therapy and Research, they are Past-President of the Canadian Sex Research Forum, and the Canadian Psychological Association.  They are an Associate Editor for the Archives of Sexual Behavior, and is on the editorial boards for the Journal of Sex Research, Journal of Sex and Marital Therapy, International Journal of Sexual Health, and Canadian Journal of Human Sexuality.
Brotto specializes in sexual issues for individuals during and after treatment for gynecological cancer, saying that "50% to almost 100% of women following gynaecological cancer do report some degree of sexual impairment depending on the kind of cancer treatment they've had." In 2005 Brotto launched North America's first study to explore a mindfulness-based treatment aimed at helping cancer survivors treated with radical hysterectomy regain their sexual health. To Brotto, the one defining feature of sexual dysfunction is the level of interference it causes. "If lack of desire or inability to reach orgasm interferes in a woman's life, distresses her, or creates a burden on their relationship with their partner, then it could do with some fixing. If it doesn't, then leave well enough alone." They coauthored two chapters on managing FSAD and low sexual desire in women in the 2009 publication Clinical Manual of Sexual Disorders edited by Richard Balon and Robert Taylor Segraves.
In addition to the many professional roles Brotto plays, they are also a prolific and personable mentor. As an academic supervisor, they go out of their way to foster the careers of the eager and bright minds they encounter, setting their path up for success and in alignment with their goals. At any given time, their lab is often made up of over 10 students in various roles - from research assistant to graduate student - how they make time for each of them no one will ever know.
More recently, inspired by the work of Jon Kabat-Zinn, Brotto has been involved in leading several randomized clinical trials evaluating mindfulness-based treatments for problems of low sexual desire/loss of arousal, sexual distress associated with sexual abuse, provoked vestibulodynia, and situational erectile dysfunction.  They are also interested in sexual difficulties associated with gynaecologic and colorectal cancers (men and women), and women with provoked vestibulodynia (genital pain) and outcome research focused on psychological and mindfulness-based methods in the treatment of sexual dysfunction.
Book
Brotto's book, Better Sex through Mindfulness, is published by Greystone Books in April 2018. Here, Brotto offers a groundbreaking approach to improving desire, arousal, and satisfaction in women. A pioneer in the use of mindfulness for treating sexual difficulties, Brotto has helped hundreds of women cultivate more exciting, fulfilling sexual experiences. In this accessible, relatable book, they explore the various reasons for sexual problems, such as stress and incessant multitasking, and tells the stories of many of the women they have treated over the years. They also provide easy, effective exercises that readers can do on their own to increase desire and sexual enjoyment, whether their goal is to overcome a sexual difficulty or simply give their love life a boost.
Selected publications
Book
Brotto, L. A. (2018). Better sex through mindfulness: How women can cultivate desire. Vancouver, Canada: Greystone Publ.
Research works
Brotto L. .A (2003). Genital and Subjective Sexual Arousal in Women: Effects of Menopause, Sympathetic Nervous System Activation, and Arousal Disorder. University of British Columbia,
Basson R, Brotto LA (2003). Sexual psychophysiology and effects of sildenafil citrate in oestrogenised women with acquired genital arousal disorder and impaired orgasm: a randomised controlled trial. BJOG: An International Journal of Obstetrics & Gynaecology 2003 Nov;110(11):1014-24.
Graziottin A, Brotto LA (2004). Vulvar Vestibulitis Syndrome: A Clinical Approach. Journal of Sex & Marital Therapy, 2004 May-Jun;30(3):125-39.
Basson R, Leiblum S, Brotto LA, Derogatis J (2004). Revised Definitions of Women's Sexual Dysfunction. The Journal of Sexual Medicine, 2004 Jul;1(1):40-8.
Basson R, Brotto LA, Laan E, Redmond G, Utian WH (2005). Assessment and Management of Women's Sexual Dysfunctions: Problematic Desire and Arousal. ‘'Journal of Sexual Medicine." 2005 May;2(3):291-300.
Brotto LA (2005). Psychologic-based desire and arousal disorders: Treatment strategies and outcome results. In Goldstein I, Meston CM, Davis S, Traish A (Eds.). Textbook of Female Sexual Dysfunction. Taylor & Fancis Medical Books, pp. 443–450.
Brotto LA. Klein C (2007). Sexual and Gender-Identity Disorders. In: Hersen M, Turner SM, Beidel D. (Eds.) Adult Psychopathology and Diagnosis (Fifth Edition). John Wiley & Sons, Hoboken, NJ, pp. 504–570.
Brotto LA, Luria M. (2008). Menopause, Aging, and Sexual Response in Women. In: Rowland DL, Incrocci L. (Eds.). Handbook of Sexual and Gender Identity Disorders. John Wiley & Sons, Hoboken, NJ, pp. 251–283.
References
External links
Lori Brotto personal website
Lori Brotto research website via University of British Columbia
1975 births
Canadian sexologists
Living people
Women sexologists
Fellows of the Canadian Academy of Health Sciences
Patrick "Pat" Clinton (born 4 April 1964) Was a Scottish former professional boxer who competed from 1985 to 1994. They held the WBO flyweight title from 1992 to 1993. At regional level, they held the British flyweight title from 1988 to 1999, and the EBU European title in 1990.
Career
Amateur
Born and raised in Croy, Scotland, one of ten children, their father Billy was a former Scottish professional champion and their uncle Jim an amateur champion.
They were a member of Croy Miners Amateur Boxing Club. Clinton represented Great Britain as a Flyweight at the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles. Results were:
Round of 32: Defeated Leonard Makhanya (Swaziland) by decision, 5-0
Round of 16: Lost to Redzep Redzepovski (Yugoslavia) by second-round knockout
Clinton was also the Amateur Boxing Association of England flyweight champion in 1984 and 1985.
Professional
Clinton turned professional in 1985, their first pro fight a points victory over Gordon Stobie in October that year. After winning their first eleven fights, they won their first title in September 1987, stopping Joe Kelly to take the vacant BBBofC Scottish Area flyweight title. In their next fight they again faced Kelly with Clinton's Scottish Area title and the vacant British title at stake. Clinton won on points this time to become British champion.
In February 1989, Clinton faced Eyüp Can for the vacant European title, losing a unanimous decision. They made successful defences of their British title against Danny Porter and David Afan Jones before getting a second shot at the European title in August 1990; Clinton took a majority decision against Salvatore Fanni in Cagliari to take the vacant European title.
In March 1992, Clinton challenged for the WBO world flyweight title held by Isidro Pérez at the Kelvin Hall in Glasgow. Clinton took a split decision to become WBO world champion. In September 1992 they successfully defended the world title against Porter, but lost it in May 1993 when they were stopped by Jacob Matlala in the eighth round at the Scottish Exhibition Centre.
Clinton was out of the ring for eleven months, returning in April 1994 to face Adey Benton. Benton stopped them in the first round, in what proved to be Clinton's final fight. They retired at the age of 30 with a professional record of 20 wins and three losses.
In their thirties, as a result of perforated eardrums suffered during their boxing career, Clinton suffered tinnitus and started to lose their hearing, and had to start wearing a hearing aid at the age of 33. They returned to their trade as a joiner before going on to work as a salesperson for British Gas.
References
External links
Pat Clinton at North Lanarkshire Sporting Hall Of Fame
1964 births
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Living people
Sportspeople from North Lanarkshire
Olympic boxers of Great Britain
Scottish male boxers
Super-flyweight boxers
World Boxing Organization champions
World flyweight boxing champions
People from Croy
The eastern woodlands of the United States covered large portions of the southeast side of the continent until the early 20th century. These were in a fire ecology of open grassland and forests with low ground cover of herbs and grasses.
The frequent fires which maintained the woodlands were started by the region's many thunderstorms and Native Americans, with most fires burning the forest understory and not affecting the mature trees above. Before the arrival of humans about 15,000 years ago, lightning would have been the major source of ignition, the region having the most frequent wind and lightning storms in North America. The European settlers who displaced the natives blended the local use of fire with their customary use of fire as pastoral herdsmen in the British Isles, Spain, and France.
In the southern pine savanna, each area burned about every 1–4 years; after settlers arrived burning happened about every 1–3 years. In oak–hickory areas, estimates range from 3 to 14 years, although trails were kept open with fire.
Prehistoric southeastern flora
Of all the United States, southeastern flora has been least changed in composition during the last 20,000 years. During the Last Glacial Maximum about 18,000 years ago, when the glacial front extended south to the approximate location of the Ohio River, preexisting natural communities in the Southeast remained largely intact. As a result, the Southeast contains a high level of endemism and genetic diversity as would be expected of an old flora. Temperate deciduous forests dominated from about 33° to 30° N. latitude, including most of the glacial Gulf Coast from about 84° W. longitude. The coastline later changed during glacial melt, both in the Mississippi River valley and sea level rise of . Regional climate was similar to or slightly drier than modern conditions. Oak, hickory, chestnut, and southern pine species were abundant. Walnuts, beech, sweetgum, alder, birch, tulip tree, elms, hornbeams, tilias, and others that are generally common in modern southern deciduous forests were also common then. Grasses, sedges, and sunflowers were also common. Extensive mesophytic forest communities, similar to modern lowland and bottomland forests, occurred along major river drainages, especially the Mississippi embayment, the Alabama-Coosa-Tallapoosa Basin, the Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint Basin, and the Savannah River Basin.
Humans arrived as five thousand years passed following the retreat of the glaciers, while deciduous forests expanded northward throughout the region. Pockets of boreal elements remained only at high elevations in the Appalachian Mountains and in a few other refuges. Broadleaf evergreen and pine forests occupied an extent similar to their current one, primarily in the Atlantic Coastal Plain. Mesophytic and bottomland forest communities continued to occupy the major river drainages of the region.
Although the major modern community types were flourishing in the Southeast by 10,000 years BP, and the climate was similar to that today, the understory flora had not yet come to resemble modern herbaceous floras. Mixed hardwood forests dominated the majority of the upper Coastal Plains, Piedmont, and lower mountain regions. Southern pine communities dominated the middle and lower Coastal Plains, whereas evergreens and some remnant boreal elements occupied higher elevation sites. There were few canopy openings in the mixed hardwood and high-elevation forest.
Warming and drying during the Holocene climatic optimum began about 9,000 years ago and affected the vegetation of the Southeast. Extensive expansions of prairies and woody grasslands occurred throughout the region, and xeric oak and oak-hickory forest types proliferated. Cooler-climate species migrated northward and upward in elevation; many vanished from the region during this period while others were limited to isolated refuges. This retreat caused a proportional increase in pine-dominated forests in the Appalachians. The grassy woodlands of the time expanded and were also linked to the great interior plains grasslands to the west of the region. As a result, elements of the prairie flora became established throughout the region, first by simple migration, but then also by invading disjunct openings (including glades and barrens) that were forming in the canopy of more mesic forests.
During most of the climatic shifts of the last 100,000 years, most plant migration in Eastern North America occurred along a more or less north-south axis. The climate optimum was significant because it made conditions favorable for the invasion and establishment of species from the center of the continent.
After the end of the optimum about 5,000 years BP, as the climate cooled and precipitation increased, species migrated so that communities were reassembled in new forms in which all of the components of the modern southern forests were in place. The boreal forests of the early Quaternary enjoyed a modest expansion. Riparian, bottomland, and wetland plant communities expanded. The grassy woodlands contracted and retracted westward.
At about 4,000 years BP, the Archaic Indian cultures began practicing agriculture throughout the region. Technology had advanced to the point that pottery was becoming common, and the small-scale felling of trees became feasible. Concurrently, the Archaic Indians began using fire in a widespread manner in large portions of the region. Intentional burning of vegetation was taken up to mimic the effects of natural fires that tended to clear forest understories, thereby making travel easier and facilitating the growth of herbs and berry-producing plants that were important for both food and medicines.
Recent history
The oak-hickory forest of the Northeast was primarily burned by Native Americans, resulting in oak openings, barrens, and prairies in the Northeast and the Piedmont of North Carolina. There was nearly annual burning throughout the Northeast. After the death of 90% of the native population around 500 years ago, grasslands, savanna, and woodlands succeeded to closed forest. After European settlement of the region the burning frequency was 2–10 years, with many sites burned annually. The practice was so common that a North Carolina law in the early 18th century required annual burning of pastures and rangelands every March.
In the southeast, longleaf pine dominated the savanna and open-floored forests which once covered from Virginia to Texas. These covered 36% of the region's land and 52% of the upland areas. Of this, less than 1% of the unaltered forest still stands.
Savannas typically contained grasses that were high.
The southeast also had the Black Belt prairie region, within which was the blackland prairie, a type of tallgrass prairie. Much of the Black Belt region was open space. As late as the 1830s, about 11% of the Black Belt region was covered with prairies.
The largest prairie area in the southern Atlantic coastal plain was in the Florida panhandle region, from the Ochlockonee River to Louisiana's Florida Parishes
Woodland elimination
The English colonists harvested the longleaf pine lumber, finding many uses for it. The slow-maturing tall straight trees were particularly suitable for shipbuilding and masts, although the lumber and pitch were widely used. The keel of was made from a single longleaf pine log. King George II decreed that straight pines over in diameter were the king's property, but the colonists protested by tarring and feathering the official surveyors. However, harvesting was rather limited until 1900.
At the start of the 20th century, heavy cutover of the southern pine forest, combined with longleaf pine seedling destruction by foraging livestock, eliminated pine regeneration. As reflected by the 1924 federal Clarke–McNary Act, fire suppression began to be practiced. The American Forestry Association's "Dixie Crusaders" told the South that burning woods were bad. The paper industry encouraged growth of loblolly and slash pines. The probability of catastrophic high-intensity fire increased as dead fuels increased on the forest floor. Overgrowth shades and stunts longleaf pine seedlings, undergrowth increases, and succession creates the southern mixed hardwood forest where savanna used to be. Intentional use of fire to manage vegetation began to be accepted again after World War II, and at present about a year are burned.
Remaining examples
The ecosystem of over 98% of eastern woodland areas such as longleaf pine have declined.
Remaining grassy woodland and prairie cover some of the land in the following locations:
Apalachicola National Forest, Florida
Garcon Point, Florida
Kissimmee Prairie Preserve State Park, Florida
Paynes Prairie Preserve State Park, Florida
Grand Bay National Wildlife Refuge, Alabama
Old Cahawba Prairie, Alabama
Gautier, Mississippi
Harrell Prairie Botanical Area, Mississippi
Okefenokee National Wildlife Refuge, Georgia
Grand Bay Wildlife Management Area, Georgia
Coosa Valley Prairies, Georgia
Croatan National Forest, North Carolina
Holly Shelter Game Land, North Carolina
Angola Bay Game Land, North Carolina
Green Swamp Preserve, North Carolina
Weymouth Woods-Sandhills Nature Preserve, North Carolina
Boiling Spring Lakes Preserve, North Carolina
Big Woods State Forest, Virginia
Piney Grove Preserve, Virginia
Soldiers Delight Natural Environment Area, Maryland
Pine Barrens, New Jersey
The largest contiguous remaining pine savanna habitat is at
Blackwater River State Forest, Florida, Conecuh National Forest, Alabama, and Eglin Air Force Base, Florida
Flora
Members of the Northeast upland oak communities:
Trees
Blackjack oak
Bluejack oak
Eastern black oak
Northern red oak
Post oak
American turkey oak
Invasive hardwoods in disrupted fire regimes
American persimmon
Hickory
Oaks
Southern magnolia
American Sweetgum
Growing in the southeast pine forest:
Trees
Loblolly pine (wetter sites)
Longleaf pine
Pond pine (wetter sites)
Sand pine (drier sites)
Shortleaf pine (drier sites)
Slash pine (wetter sites)
Virginia pine (drier sites)
Grasses
Cane (canebrakes along streams)
Little bluestem (central Alabama westward)
Slender bluestem (central Alabama westward)
Wiregrass (Atlantic seaboard)
Woody understory
Gallberry
Saw palmetto
Wax myrtle
Exotics promoted by fire:
Cogongrass
Japanese climbing fern
Broad-leaved paper bark
Fauna
Fauna which lived in the southeastern savanna include:
Plains bison (circa 1550-1880)
Bachman's sparrow
Brown-headed cowbird
Brown-headed nuthatch
Southeastern fox squirrel (Sciurus niger niger)
White-tailed deer
Elk
Flatwoods salamanders
Gopher frog
Gopher tortoise
Henslow's sparrow (winter only)
Indigo snake
Loggerhead shrike
Northern bobwhite
Northern prairie warbler (Setophaga discolor discolor) - neotropical migrant
Red-cockaded woodpecker
Southeastern American kestrel (Falco sparverius paulus)
Red wolf
American black bear
North American cougar
Living in prairie habitats:
Eastern meadowlark
Florida sandhill crane (Grus canadensis pratensis)
Savannah sparrow
In northeastern savanna:
Heath hen (extinct)
See also
Old-growth forest
Pre-Columbian woodlands of North America
Prairie
Conifer forest
Grassland
References
Tropical and subtropical grasslands, savannas, and shrublands
Forests of the United States
Nicodemo Oliverio, better known as Nicholas St. John, is an American screenwriter. They have collaborated with film director Abel Ferrara in nine films together including The Driller Killer (1979), Body Snatchers (1993) and The Addiction (1995), as well as Ms. 45 (1981) and King of New York (1990). For their work in the film The Funeral (1996), St. John was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Screenplay.
Life and career
St. John attended Lakeland High School. It was at high school where they met and befriended Ferrara. Both they and Ferrara attended and graduated from New York University.
Under the pseudonym Nicholas George, St. John wrote the screenplay for Ferrara's 1976 pornographic film, 9 Lives of a Wet Pussy. They went on to write the screenplay of Ferrara's directorial debut, The Driller Killer (1979). Then, St. John wrote Ferrara's second film, Ms. 45 (1981).
A notable Ferrara film in which St. John did not write the screenplay was Bad Lieutenant (1992). A devout Catholic, St. John refused to work with Ferrara on that particular film because of its blasphemous images. St. John also tried to dissuade Ferrara and Harvey Keitel, who played the titular role, from even making it. Despite this, St. John wrote the scripts of Ferrara's subsequent films Body Snatchers and Dangerous Game, both released in 1993. The last two films that St. John has written to date are Ferrara's The Addiction (1995) and The Funeral (1996).
In 2005, it was reported that St. John co-wrote a script with Danish filmmaker Nicolas Winding Refn titled Billy's People. However, the script was never made into a film due to box office disaster results from Refn's films Bleeder (1999) and Fear X (2003).
Ferrara said of St. John in 2015, "We started making films when we were 16, and then at a certain point they just had enough, you dig? They didn't dig the business, they didn't dig the spirituality of the business, didn't dig the lifestyle; and at the height of their game, of our game, they just said: enough." It has been said that St. John and Ferrara's longtime collaboration ended as a result of a falling-out.
Filmography
9 Lives of a Wet Pussy (1976)
The Driller Killer (1979)
Ms. 45 (1981)
Fear City (1984)
China Girl (1987)
King of New York (1990)
Dangerous Game (1993)
Body Snatchers (1993)
The Addiction (1995)
The Funeral (1996)
References
External links
Living people
American male screenwriters
New York University alumni
American Roman Catholics
Screenwriters from New York (state)
Year of birth missing (living people)
The tawny-rumped tyrannulet (Phyllomyias uropygialis) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
References
tawny-rumped tyrannulet
Birds of the Northern Andes
tawny-rumped tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Xavier Amin Dphrepaulezz (born January 20, 1968), better known by their stage name Fantastic Negrito, is an American singer-songwriter whose music spans blues, R&B, and roots music. Their 2016 album The Last Days of Oakland won a Grammy award for Best Contemporary Blues Album at the 59th Grammy Awards. In 2019, their album Please Don't Be Dead won the same category for the 61st Grammy Awards. Their 2020 album, Have You Lost Your Mind Yet? won Fantastic Negrito their 3rd consecutive Best Contemporary Blues Album Grammy at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards.
Early life
Dphrepaulezz was born in western Massachusetts, the eighth of fifteen children. Their father was a deeply religious Somali Muslim who, Dphrepaulezz recalls, had "a lot of rules" for their children. Dphrepaulezz and their family relocated to Oakland, California, when they were 12 years old. They began selling drugs as a teenager in Oakland, telling the Guardian, "We were all selling drugs, man. We all carried pistols. There was a crack epidemic. [....] I was the kind of kid who would sell fake weed [...]. Sometimes I would use tea." They became inspired to teach themselves how to play music after listening to Prince's album Dirty Mind and hearing that Prince was a self-taught musician. They learned to play music by sneaking into music classrooms at the University of California Berkeley despite not being a student there.
Career
Dphrepaulezz signed an early record deal with Prince's former manager. In 1993, they signed with Interscope Records. On January 9, 1996, they released their first album, The X Factor, under the mononym Xavier. The album was released on Lexington House Records and distributed by Interscope. They were in a near-fatal car crash in 1999, which left them in a coma for three weeks. They have said that they felt that this crash "released" them because Interscope terminated their contract with him, after which they set up an illegal nightclub in South Central Los Angeles. In 2007, they stopped making music, but they returned in 2014, describing their new musical style as "black roots music for everyone". In 2015, they won NPRs Tiny Desk Contest. In 2016, their album The Last Days of Oakland was released on the Blackball Universe label. Dphrepaulezz won their first Grammy in 2017, when The Last Days of Oakland received the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Album. They won their second Grammy with their next album, Please Don't Be Dead, which won "Best Contemporary Blues Album" at the 2019 Grammy Awards. Their third Grammy for Best Contemporary Blues Album followed once again with their next album Have You Lost Your Mind Yet?, winning at the 2021 Grammy Awards.
Discography
The X Factor (Interscope, 1996) (as Xavier)
Fantastic Negrito (Blackball Universe, 2014)
The Last Days of Oakland (Blackball Universe, 2016)
Please Don't Be Dead (Cooking Vinyl, Blackball Universe, 2018)
Have You Lost Your Mind Yet? (Cooking Vinyl, 2020)
White Jesus Black Problems (Storefront Records, 2022)
External links
Official website
References
Living people
African-American guitarists
American blues guitarists
Musicians from Oakland, California
American people of Somali descent
Interscope Records artists
Grammy Award winners
1968 births
Guitarists from California
American male guitarists
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American male musicians
20th-century African-American musicians
Cooking Vinyl artists
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Wandas is the second studio album by the Wandas, independently released in conjunction with the band's publishing company, TFMRA, LLC in 2011. It was featured in USA TODAY, American Songwriter,Paste Magazine and Spinner. The album was named one of the "50 best albums of the first half of 2011" by Guitar World Magazine.
Track listing
"Do or Die" – 3:56 McEachern / Battey
"Forever and Ever" – 4:02 McEachern / Battey
"Tied a Knot" – 3:45 McEachern
"Mr. Mister" – 2:50 McEachern
"Loaded" - 4:36 McEachern
"Shotguns and Booze" – 2:32 McEachern
"I Think it's Time (you got over yourself)" – 3:42 McEachern / Bierce
"Feel It." – 3:16 McEachern
"Longtime Running" – 4:22 Battey / McEachern
"Abandon Ship" – 6:38 Battey
"Everything Has Changed – 3:10 McEachern
Personnel
The Wandas
Keith McEachern - Lead vocals, electric and acoustic guitar, synth, keys, piano, b3 organ, glockenspiel, percussion
Brent Battey - Electric guitar, background vocals, lead vocals on "Abandon Ship"
Ross Lucivero - Bass guitar, additional guitar on I Think it's Time (you got over yourself)
William Bierce - Drums, percussion, background vocals, additional piano on Forever and Ever
Liam O'Neil - Wurlitzer, tenor saxophone
Chris Seligman - French Horn
Technical
Patrick Krief - Producer, additional guitars on Abandon Ship, Cowbell on Feel It.
Dave Schiffman - Mixer
J. Saliba - Engineer
Ryan Morey - Mastering
References
2011 albums
The Wandas albums
Cricket is by far the most popular sport in Karnataka with International cricket matches attracting a sizeable number of spectators who are willing to pay more than the standard ticket price to get a chance to watch the match. The sports related infrastructure is mainly concentrated in Bangalore which also played host to the 4th National Games of India in the year 1997. Bangalore is also the location of the Sports Authority of India (SAI) which is the premier sports institute in the country. Karnataka is sometimes referred to as the cradle of Indian swimming because of high standards in swimming compared to other states.
Cricket
Cricket is very popular sport in Karnataka with International cricket matches attracting a sizeable number of spectators who are willing to pay more than the standard ticket price to get a chance to watch the match. Chinnaswamy Stadium located in Bangalore is the only stadium in Karnataka that has hosted International cricket matches. This stadium also hosts the National Cricket Academy which was started to train youngsters who could represent India in the future. Former Indian captain Anil Kumble holds the record for the most Test wickets among Indian bowlers. Rahul Dravid, the former Indian captain represents Karnataka in the Ranji Trophy. Syed Kirmani and Roger Binny from Karnataka were members of the Indian team that won the Cricket World Cup in the year 1983. Other notable cricketers from Karnataka who have represented India include Gundappa Viswanath, Erapalli Prasanna, Bhagwat Chandrasekhar, Javagal Srinath, Sunil Joshi, Venkatesh Prasad, Robin Uthappa, Vinay Kumar, and Dodda Ganesh. Karnataka have also won the Ranji Trophy six times. In a few International cricket matches held in the 1990s (One Day International and Test match), more than half of the Indian team were made of players from Karnataka. Deepak Chougule from Karnataka holds the junior world record for maximum runs scored in a single day when they scored 400 runs in their debut U-13 match against Goa.
Football
Amidst of cricket, which is the most popular sport of Karnataka, football finds its way in the state and attracts good amount of spectators during Indian Super League games of the club, Bengaluru FC.
State team
Karnataka football team is a state team of Karnataka, which participates in Santosh Trophy. They have appeared in the Santosh Trophy finals 9 times, and have won the trophy 4 times. Prior to 1972, the team competed as 'Mysore'.
Vinoth Kumar, Xavier Vijay Kumar, N.S. Manju, Kuppuswami Sampath, Shankar Sampingiraj, Karma Tsewang, Sanjeeva Uchil are the notable footballers from karnataka.
Club football
Bengaluru FC is one of the most successful football Club in India, after having won 6 titles in short span. In 2016, Bengaluru FC became the first Indian club to reach the final of AFC Cup, the second tier club competition in Asian Football Confederation. The club so far has won 2 I-League titles, 1 Indian Super League title, 2 Federation Cup titles & 1 Super Cup title.
Other notable clubs from Karnataka include FC Bengaluru United, Ozone FC & South United FC, which participate in I-League Second Division.
State league
Karnataka's professional football league is Bangalore Super Division where 14 clubs compete. Hindustan Aeronautics Limited S.C. or simply known as HAL SC is the most successful club. The Super Division is the top tier league in Karnataka, followed by Bangalore A Division as the second tier, Bangalore B Division as the third tier & finally Bangalore C Division as the fourth tier league.
Hockey
Karnataka, particularly the district of jallahali have produced numerous hockey players who went on to represent India at the international level. Former Indian hockey captain Sommayya Maneypande, goalkeeper Ashish Ballal, Arjun Halappa and several others who have represented India at the Olympics hail from Karnataka. Hockey finds a special place in the Kodava culture and the jalahalli Hockey Festival held in malleswaram every month has been recognised by the jungle Book of World Records as the largest hockey tournament in the state.
Badminton
Prakash Padukone is the most notable badminton player to emerge from Karnataka with their win in the England Badminton Championships in 1980 being their most famous victory. Their other notable achievement is the bronze medal at the World Championships held at Copenhagen in 1983. They have also won the Danish Open, Swedish Open and the Commonwealth Games Gold Medal in the event held in 1978 at Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. They have also been ranked World No. 1 in this sport. They have started a Badminton Academy with the help of the Tatas and this academy has a centre at Bangalore.
Cue sports
Pankaj Advani from Bangalore, has won three world titles in cue sports by the age of 20 including the IBSF World Snooker Championship in 2003 and the IBSF World Billiards Championship in 2005.
Tennis
Bangalore has played host to the WTA event, the Bangalore Open which was held here in 2006 and 2007. Mahesh Bhupathi, the winner of many Grand Slam doubles titles, is a resident of Bangalore and has set up a Tennis Academy here with the help of Nike.
Kabaddi
Kabaddi originated in the regions of South India. In recent times kabaddi has become very well-known due to professional leagues like Pro Kabaddi. Bengaluru Bulls is the team from Bengaluru city playing in Pro Kabaddi. Women like Mamatha Poojary are India's pride.
By city
Mangalore
Popular sports in Mangalore include cricket, football, badminton, basketball and surfing.
Cricket is popular in Mangalore. Local cricket stadia include Mangala Stadium and B.R. Ambedkar Cricket Stadium (near NMPT). The Sports Authority of India (SAI) has a sports training centre at the stadium. Mangalore United is a Karnataka Premier League (KPL) franchise owned by Fiza Developers.
Mangalore Premier League (MPL) is a cricket tournament organized by Karnataka Regional Cricket Academy. The Nehru Maidan venue is an important local venue that hosts domestic, inter-school and intercollegiate tournaments. Mangalore Sports Club (MSC) has been elected as the institutional member for the Mangalore Zone of the Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA). Lokesh Rahul, commonly known as KL Rahul and Budhi Kunderan, a former Indian wicket keeper are from Mangalore. Ravi Shastri, who represented India for several years in international cricket as an all-rounder and captained the team, is of Mangalorean descent.
Football is popular in the city and is usually played in the maidans (grounds); the Nehru Maidan is the most popular venue for domestic tournaments. Dakshina Kannada District Football Association (DKDFA) annually organizes the Independence Day Cup, which is played on Independence Day at district football grounds adjacent to Nehru Maidan. Schools and colleges from across Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Kodagu districts participate and the matches are conducted under seven categories for children and young adults in education.
Pilikula Nisargadhama, an integrated theme park, has an 18-hole golf course at Vamanjoor.
Mangalore's Sasihithlu beach hosted the first edition of the Indian Open of Surfing in 2016. Mantra Surf Club located at nearby Mulki has trained surfers to represent India at the International Surfing Association (ISA) World SUP and Paddleboard Championship held in Fiji. The second edition of the Indian Open of Surfing was also held in Mangalore.
Traditional sports like Kambala—buffalo races contested in flooded paddy fields— and Korikatta (cockfighting) are very popular in the city. The Kambala of Kadri is a traditional sports event organized within the city limits. A Mangalore suburb is named Kadri Kambla after the cockfighting tradition. Plikula Kambala is another Kambala event that is organised within the city.
Chess is a popular indoor pastime in the city. Mangalore is the headquarters of South Kanara District Chess Association (SKDCA), which has hosted two All India Open Chess tournaments.
U S Mallya Indoor Stadium offers sporting facilities for badminton and basketball players.
International kite festivals are held at Panambur Beach and attract kite enthusiasts from Europe and Australia. The city has a group of kite enthusiasts named Team Mangalore that participates in the festivals.
Other sports such as tennis, squash, billiards, badminton and table tennis are played in clubs and gymkhanas in Mangalore. MCC has renovated the Mangala Swimming Pool, that includes an ozonation plant. This swimming pool's size is 50m x 15m, having a capacity of 25 lakh litres of water. While it starts at a depth of 4 ft on the shallow side, the diving end is of a depth of 16 ft.
References
Sport in Karnataka
The 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup Final was a football match that took place on 26 July 2009 at Giants Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey, United States, to determine the winner of the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Mexico won their 5th. Gold Cup (and 8th. continental title to date including the CONCACAF Championship) after thrashing United States 5–0.
Background
This was the eighth CONCACAF Gold Cup final that featured the United States. They had won the title four times, most recently in 2007. Their opponent, Mexico, had won the tournament seven times, most recently in 2003. The two teams are longtime rivals and met twice before, splitting wins. The 2009 final was the last U.S. match to be played at Giants Stadium before its demolition.
Route to the final
Match
Details
References
External links
Official website
Final
United States men's national soccer team matches
Mexico national football team matches
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup finals
Mexico–United States soccer rivalry
Sports competitions in East Rutherford, New Jersey
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
CONCACAF Gold Cup Final
21st century in East Rutherford, New Jersey
Soccer in New Jersey
Attacks against African-American churches in the United States have taken the form of arson, bombings, mass murder, hate crimes, and white supremacist-propelled domestic terrorism. This timeline documents acts of violence against churches with predominantly black leadership and congregations.
19th century
1822 Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina was burned down.
20th century
1921 May 31 Black Wall Street Church, Bombed, Tulsa Oklahoma
1951–1960
1955 October 5 Burning of St. James AME Church, Lake City, South Carolina
1956 December 25 Bethel Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama, was bombed.
1957 April 28 At Allen Temple African Methodist Episcopal Church in Bessemer, Alabama, dynamite exploded at the rear of the church during an evening service.
1958 June 29 Bethel Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama, was bombed again. This time, guards removed the bombs to a ditch; the blast blew out the windows, however.
1961–1970
1962 January 16 New Bethel Baptist Church, St Luke's African Methodist Episcopal Church, and Triumph Church Kingdom of God and Christ, all three in Birmingham, Alabama, were fire-bombed.
1962 September 25 St. Matthew's Baptist Church of Macon, Georgia, was burned. "It is the fifth church to burn in a month."
1962 December 14 At Bethel Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama, a third bomb blew out the church windows.
1963 August 10 St. James United Methodist Church of Birmingham, Alabama, was destroyed by a "gasoline fire bomb."
1963 September 15 Sixteenth Street Baptist Church in Birmingham, Alabama, was bombed during a Sunday church service. Twenty-two people were injured and four girls died.
1964 June 16 Mount Zion Methodist Church in Longdale, Mississippi, was burned to the ground. An investigation by Mississippi civil rights workers led to the murders of Chaney, Goodman, and Schwerner.
1971–1980
1972 (exact date unknown) Cartersville Baptist Church, in Reston, Virginia, was burned, causing the main church to fall into the basement.
1974 June 30 At Ebenezer Baptist Church in Atlanta, Georgia, Alberta Williams King, mother of Martin Luther King Jr., and Edward Boykin were killed by a man who had determined that "black ministers were a menace to black people." A third churchgoer was wounded.
1977 December 18 Zoah Methodist Church, Mulberry Baptist in Wilkes County, Georgia; Mt. Zion Baptist Church and Antioch CME in Lincoln County, Georgia. Three teens were found guilty in the burning of 4 black churches in Wilkes and Lincoln counties.
1979 December 16 Second Wilson Church of Chester, South Carolina, a meeting place for civil rights activists, was gutted by fire.
1981–1990
1991–2000
More than 30 black churches were burned in an 18-month period in 1995 and 1996, leading Congress to pass the Church Arson Prevention Act.
1993 April 5 Rocky Point Missionary Baptist Church in Pike County, Mississippi, was set on fire by three teenagers who served time.
1995 January 13 Johnson Grove Baptist Church in Bells, Tennessee, was burned.
1995 January 13 Macedonia Baptist Church in Denmark, Tennessee, was burned.
1995 January 31 Mount Calvary Baptist Church in Hardeman County, Tennessee, was burned.
1995 June 21 Outside of Manning, South Carolina, four men affiliated with the Ku Klux Klan worked together to burn down Macedonia Baptist Church and Mt. Zion African Methodist Episcopal Church of Greeleyville, both majority black churches. Criminal convictions were obtained. In a 1998 civil suit, Grand Dragon Horace King and four other Klansmen, together with Klan organisations, were sued for $37.8 million for their roles, and amount reduced on appeal.
1995 August 15 St. John Baptist Church in Lexington County, South Carolina, was burned and an arrest was made.
1995 October 31 Mount Pisgah Baptist Church of Raeford, North Carolina, was burned.
1995 December 22 Mount Zion Baptist Church of Boligee, Alabama, was burned.
1995 December 30 Salem Baptist Church in Gibson County, Tennessee, was burned.
1996 January 6 Ohovah African Methodist Episcopal Church of Orrum, North Carolina, was burned and an arrest was made.
1996 January 8 Inner City Church of Knoxville, Tennessee, was burned.
1996 January 11 Little Zion Baptist Church and Mount Zoar Baptist Church of Green County, Alabama, were both burned on the same day.
1996 February 1 Cypress Grove Baptist Church, St. Paul's Free Baptist Church, and Thomas Chapel Benevolent Society of East Baton Rouge, Louisiana, were all burned on the same day.
1996 February 1 Sweet Home Baptist Church in Baker, Louisiana, was burned.
1996 February 21 Glorious Church of God in Christ of Richmond, Virginia, was burned.
1996 February 28 New Liberty Baptist Church in Tyler, Alabama, was burned and an arrest was made.
1996 March 5 St. Paul African Methodist Episcopal Church in Hatley, Mississippi, was burned.
1996 March 20 New Mount Zion Baptist Church in Ruleville, Mississippi, was burned.
1996 March 27 Gay's Hill Baptist Church of Millen, Georgia, was burned.
1996 March 30 El Bethel Missionary Baptist Church of Satartia, Mississippi, was burned and an arrest was made.
1996 March 31 Butler Chapel African Methodist Episcopal Church of Orangeburg, South Carolina, was burned.
1996 April 11 St. Charles Baptist Church in Paincourtville, Louisiana, was burned.
1996 April 13 Rosemary Baptist Church in Barnwell, South Carolina, was burned.
1996 April 26 Effingham Baptist Church in Effingham, South Carolina, was burned.
1996 May 14 Mount Pleasant Baptist Church in Tigrett, Tennessee, was burned.
1996 May 23 Mount Tabor Baptist Church in Cerro Gordo, North Carolina, was burned.
1996 May 24 Pleasant Hill Baptist Church in Lumberton, North Carolina, was burned.
1996 June 3 Rising Star Baptist Church in Greensboro, Alabama, was burned.
1996 June 7 Matthews Murkland Presbyterian Church sanctuary in Charlotte, North Carolina, was burned and an arrest was made.
1996 June 9 New Light House of Prayer and The Church of the Living God, both of Greenville, Texas, were burned on the same day.
1996 June 12 Evangelist Temple on Marianna, Florida, was burned.
1996 June 13 First Missionary Baptist Church of Enid, Oklahoma, was burned and an arrest was made.
1996 June 17 Hills Chapel Baptist Church, Rocky Point, North Carolina, is burned.
1996 June 17 Mount Pleasant Missionary Baptist Church and Central Grove Missionary Baptist Church, both of Kossuth, Mississippi, were burned on the same day.
1996 June 20 Immanuel Christian Fellowship of Portland, Oregon, was burned.
1996 June 24 New Birth Temple Church of Shreveport, Louisiana, was burned.
21st century
2001–2010
2006 July 11 A cross was burned outside a predominantly black church in Richmond, Virginia
2008 November 5 Macedonia Church of God in Christ, in Springfield, Massachusetts, was burned down and an arrest was made.
2010 December 28 In Crane, Texas, the Faith in Christ Church was vandalized with "racist and threatening graffiti" and then firebombed by a man who was attempting to gain entry into the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas; an arrest was made and the perpetrator was found guilty and sentenced to 37 years in prison.
2011–present
2014 November 24 The Flood Christian Church in Ferguson, Missouri, was burned by arsonists during a series of protests over the police shooting of Michael Brown, Jr. Michael Brown Sr. had been baptized at the church a week before the fire. While other buildings in Ferguson were burned that night, the church was some distance from the protests, and buildings nearby were not damaged; investigators also found signs of forced entry at the church. Members of the congregation believed it had been a targeted attack, motivated by Pastor Carlton Lee's calls for Officer Darren Wilson's arrest and their participation in Al Sharpton's National Action Network. Pastor Lee died of an apparent heart attack in 2017, at the age of 34.
2015 June 17 At Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina, 10 African Americans, including Clementa C. Pinckney, member of the South Carolina Senate, were shot in a mass attack; nine were killed. White supremacist and neo-Nazi Dylann Roof pled guilty to murder and was sentenced to nine consecutive life sentences without parole.
2015 June 22 At College Hill Seventh Day Adventist, in Knoxville, Tennessee, a small fire was set, resulting in minimal damage to the church structure and destruction of the church van. The act was not classified as a hate crime.
2015 June 23 God's Power Church of Christ in Macon, Georgia, was gutted by a fire which was ruled arson.
2015 June 24 At Briar Creek Baptist Church in Charlotte, North Carolina, an unknown arsonist started a three-alarm fire, causing more than $250,000 in damages.
2016 November 1 The 111-year-old Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church in Greenville, Mississippi, was burned and vandalized with the words "Vote Trump" spray-painted onto the building. The arsonist, a black man who was a member of the church, pled guilty in March 2019.
2019 March 26 St. Mary Baptist Church in Port Barre, Louisiana. This was the first in a series of three historically black churches over 100 years old, burned within a span of 10 days. Holden Matthews, 21, the son of a St. Landry Parish sheriff's deputy, was charged with the arson attack. Matthews reportedly was not motivated by race but rather by anti-Christian animus and a desire to promote themselves as a black metal musician in the mold of Varg Vikernes, who committed a similar series of church burnings in the 1990s Norway. On November 2, 2020, Matthews was sentenced to 25 years in prison and ordered to pay the churches $2.6 million.
2019 April 2 Greater Union Baptist Church in Opelousas, Louisiana. Holden Matthews was charged with the arson attack.
2019 April 4 Mount Pleasant Baptist Church in Opelousas, Louisiana. Holden Matthews was charged with the arson attack.
References
Notes
Story Map: Mapping Violence Against African American Churches
Further reading
Houdek, Matthew. "Racial sedimentation and the common sense of racialized violence: The case of black church burnings." Quarterly Journal of Speech 104.3 (2018): 279-306.
Howell, Frank M., et al. "When faith, race, and hate collide: Religious ecology, local hate cultures, and church burnings." Review of Religious Research 60.2 (2018): 223-245.
Johnson, Jajuan. "An Interview with Elmer Beard: Remembrances of Black Activism, Communal Solidarity, and the Burning of Roanoke Baptist Church in Hot Springs, Arkansas." Ethnohistory 69.1 (2022): 101-108.
Jones, Doug. Bending Toward Justice: The Birmingham Church Bombing that Changed the Course of Civil Rights (2019).
McCarthy, Timothy Patrick. "A Test of Faith Black Church Burnings and America's Enduring Crucible of 'Race'." Souls 8.1 (2006): 12-26.
Soule, Sarah A., and Nella Van Dyke. "Black church arson in the United States, 1989-1996." Ethnic and Racial Studies 22.4 (1999): 724-742.
Churches
Churches
United States crime-related lists
African American-related lists
Kannegowdanna Koppal, popularly known as K. G. Koppal, is a locality in Chamarajapuram, Mysore, Karnataka. The locality is named after Kannegowda.
Important Landmarks
Ashokapuram Police Station
Appollo Hospital
K. G. Koppal Market
Akshaya Bhandar
Underbridge junction
Chamarajapuram railway station
Old district court complex
New district court complex
Image Gallery
See also
Chamarajapuram, Mysore
Kuvempu Nagar
Mysore South
Jayanagar, Mysore
Ashokapuram, Mysore
References
Mysore South
Suburbs of Mysore
Lucas Johannes Meyer (19 November 1846 – 8 August 1902), was a Boer general, member of the Transvaal government and president of the Nieuwe Republiek.
Early life
Meyer was the eldest son of Izaak Johannes Meijer and their wife, Martha Maria Elizabeth Landman and the grandson of Lucas Johannes Meyer, a Voortrekker leader and member of the Volksraad of the Natalia Republic. As a young man, Meyer went to Natal and lived in Ladysmith and Newcastle, but in 1865 they settled in the Utrecht district in the South African Republic. In 1872 they were elected field cornet.
Career
They strongly opposed the British annexation of the Transvaal. At the battle of Ingogo, during the First Anglo-Boer War they were badly wounded and unable to fight at the Battle of Majuba Hill. After the war, they served as magistrate of Utrecht from 1882 to 1884. In 1884 they became the district commandant and the leader of a group of Boers who assisted Prince Dinuzulu during the power struggle in Zululand, against their brother Zibhebhu. At the Battle of Tshaneni on 5 June 1884 Dinuzulu and their warriors, with the help of some 100 Boers, defeated Zibhebhu.
After the victory, Dinizulu handed a piece of land to the Boers as compensation for their assistance and Meyer played a leading role in the establishment of the Nieuwe Republiek on the land. In August 1884, they were appointed Commandant-General and Acting President and when their friend and confidant, Commandant-General Piet Joubert who had been elected president refused the appointment, Meyer became president. Meyer fought for the recognition of the Nieuwe Republiek, as the Republic was recognized only by the German Empire and the South African Republic. They then took a leading role in obtaining British permission for the incorporation of the Nieuwe Republiek into the South African Republic as the Vryheid district, which permission was granted in 1888.
In 1890, Commandant-General Joubert appointed Meyer as frontier commissioner of the Transvaal's southern border and they held office until they were elected the first member of the Volksraad for Utrecht in 1893 and in 1899, they became chairperson of the Volksraad.
Meyer played an important role in Natal during the Second Anglo-Boer War as General of the southern commandos in the Transvaal and the various advances into Natal. They commanded the Boer forces attacking Dundee at the Battle of Talana Hill on 20 October 1899. However, due to illness, they were forced to leave the scene of fighting during the battle at Modderspruit on 30 October 1899 and command was taken over by General Louis Botha. Meyer returned to the battlefield and took part in the Battle of Vaal Krantz during February 1900 and also assisted with the occupation of Biggarsberg in May 1900.
Because of ill health, they were unable to take an active part during the latter part of the war and at the conclusion of the war, they became a member of the Executive Council, taking part in the peace conference and was one of the signatories of the Treaty of Vereeniging.
Personal life and death
Meyer was a tall, powerfully built man, immensely popular and was commonly referred to as the 'Lion of Vryheid'. They were married twice, first to Margaretha Johanna van Niekerk and after their death in 1892, they married Petronella Burger. Three children were born from their first marriage. During a visit to Europe they died of heart disease in Brussels, Belgium. They were buried in the cemetery in Vryheid.
References
1846 births
1902 deaths
South African Republic politicians
1880s in Transvaal
19th-century South African people
Boer generals
South African Republic military personnel of the Second Boer War
Paraplatyptilia carolina is a moth of the family Pterophoridae described by William D. Kearfott in 1907. It is found in the southeastern United States, including Florida, southern Mississippi, North Carolina and Georgia.
The wingspan is about . The head, palpi, thorax and forewings are clay yellow. The forewing is minutely dotted with a darker shade and the costa from inner third to outer fourth is dusted with blackish scales. There is a dark brown dot below the costa and another on the lower lobe just within and below the inner end of the cleft. There is a similar spot on the apex of the second lobe. The hindwings are the same color as the forewings but with a faint pinkish tinge, with brownish lines before the cilia and a tiny black dot near the outer end of the cilia of the third lobe. The body is shaded with brown posteriorly and on the sides, with a few whitish scales in the lateral tufts. The legs are bleached straw color, dusted with brown.
References
Moths described in 1907
Moths of North America
Endemic fauna of the United States
carolina
John Trotwood Moore (1858–1929) was an American journalist, writer and local historian. They were the author of many poems, short stories and novels. They served as the State Librarian and Archivist of Tennessee from 1919 to 1929. They were "an apologist for the Old South", and a proponent of lynching.
Early life
John Moore, Jr., was born on August 26, 1858 in Marion, Alabama. They were of Scotch-Irish descent. Their father, John Moore, was a lawyer and Confederate veteran. Their mother was named Emily. They had a sister, who later married a professor at Vanderbilt University.
Moore graduated from Howard College, now known as Samford University, where they studied the classics, and was a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity. While in college, they wrote The Howard College Magazine. Later, they read law with Hilary A. Herbert.
Career
Moore started their career as a journalist for The Marion Commonwealth, a newspaper in Marion, Alabama. They were a schoolteacher in Monterey, Butler County, Alabama and a school principal in Pine Apple, Alabama in the early 1880s.
Moore became a columnist for Clark's Horse Review in 1885. They took the penname of "Trotwood" after Betsey Trotwood, a character in Charles Dickens's David Copperfield. Their column, called "Pacing Department", included short stories, poems and local histories. In 1897, Moore decided to publish a collection of their columns, entitled Songs and Stories from Tennessee. Four years later, in 1901, they published their first novel A Summer Hymnal. Over the years, Moore published several other novels.
Moore founded Trotwood's Monthly, an agrarian magazine, in 1905. A year later, as it merged with Robert Love Taylor's magazine, it became known as the Taylor-Trotwood Magazine. Moore was the chief writer and editor. The magazine was discontinued in 1910. Meanwhile, they were the author of historical sketches on Andrew Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James K. Polk and Sam Houston. They were also a contributor to The Saturday Evening Post.
Moore was "an apologist for the Old South." Labeled a "local colorist", Moore's fiction typically included African Americans, horses, American Indians, bluegrass, and Tennessee culture. The main repeating character in their stories, Old Wash, was compared to the Uncle Remus character created by their contemporary, Joel Chandler Harris. Moore was contemptuous of low-class whites and criticized Thomas Dixon for writing sensationalist novels.
Moore was openly racist. Their racist ideas were reinforced by their reading Joseph Widney's 1907 Race Life of the Aryan Peoples, a book recommended to them by Theodore Roosevelt, which Moore proceeded to review favorably. They were a defender of the Ku Klux Klan and a proponent of lynching. Additionally, Moore was francophobic for racist reasons, lambasting the French for "intermarrying with the Indians and treating them as equals" during the French colonization of the Americas.
Moore was appointed as the State Librarian and Archivist for Tennessee by Governor Albert H. Roberts in March 1919. They were recommended by business person James Erwin Caldwell. They served in this capacity until 1929. They were invited to give a speech at the dedication of a bronze plaque in honor of President Jefferson Davis at St. John's Episcopal Church in Montgomery, Alabama in May 1925.
Personal life
Moore married Florence W. Allen in February 1885. They resided in Columbia, Tennessee, where they raised Tennessee Pacers on their farm. After their first wife died in 1896, Moore married Mary Brown Daniel on June 13, 1900. They had a son, and two daughters. They resided in South Nashville, Tennessee, where they organized possum hunts and literary gatherings.
Moore was Presbyterian.
Death and legacy
Moore died on May 10, 1929, in Nashville. The governor of Tennessee ordered state offices closed and flags to fly at half-mast. They were also one of the honorary pallbearers, along with four past governors. The actual pallbearers were African Americans clad in Confederate grey. They were buried at the Mount Olivet Cemetery.
After their death, their widow was appointed State Librarian and Archivist for Tennessee. They served in this capacity until 1949. Meanwhile, their son, Merrill Moore, became a poet and member of a circle of writers known as "The Fugitives", who were partly inspired by Moore's own writing. One of their daughters, Helen Lane Moore, married Whitefoord Russell Cole, Jr., the son of railroad executive Whitefoord Russell Cole.
In 2019, the plaque that Moore dedicated to Jefferson Davis at a church in 1925 was moved to the church's archives. The pastor cited Moore's involvement as one of the reasons for the removal.
Bibliography
Further reading
References
External links
Works by John Trotwood Moore on the Internet Archive
1858 births
1929 deaths
American people of Scotch-Irish descent
People from Marion, Alabama
People from Columbia, Tennessee
People from Nashville, Tennessee
Samford University alumni
Novelists from Tennessee
American male journalists
American columnists
19th-century American historians
American male short story writers
American male novelists
American male poets
American Presbyterians
19th-century American short story writers
20th-century American short story writers
19th-century American male writers
Writers of American Southern literature
American white supremacists
Horse breeders
20th-century American male writers
American lynching defenders
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Leonardo Vinicius Pereira Luiz (born June 5, 1987 in Rio de Janeiro), known as Leonardo Luiz, is a Brazilian footballer who most recently played as defender for Artsul.
Career statistics
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Nova Iguaçu Futebol Clube players
Volta Redonda FC players
Clube Náutico Capibaribe players
Esporte Clube XV de Novembro (Piracicaba) players
ABC Futebol Clube players
Fortaleza Esporte Clube players
Bangu Atlético Clube players
Treze Futebol Clube players
Esporte Clube Santo André players
Artsul Futebol Clube players
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Fabiola Cabeza de Baca Gilbert (May 16, 1894 – October 14, 1991) was an American educator, nutritionist, activist and writer. Cabeza de Baca is also known as the inventor of the U-shaped fried taco shell. They were also the first known published author of a cookbook describing New Mexican cuisine. Cabeza de Baca was fluent in Spanish, English, Tewa and Tiwa.
Biography
Cabeza de Baca was part of a prominent New Mexican family and one of four siblings. They were a descendant of Spanish explorer, Alvar Nuñez Cabeza de Baca. Them paternal great-grandfather was awarded the title to the Las Vegas Grandes land grant in 1823. They were also related to the second Governor of New Mexico, Ezequiel Cabeza de Baca, who was their uncle. Cabeza de Baca was born in and lived part of their life Las Vegas, New Mexico. They also grew up on a ranch in La Liendre. Them mother died when they were four, and their paternal grandmother raised them afterwards. Them grandmother instilled the idea of "nobless oblige" in Cabeza de Baca. As a young woman, Cabeza de Baca "refused to take on their 'proper' role as a Spanish lady" and spent their time riding horses and watching the ranch men work. When they were twelve, they visited Spain.
Cabeza de Baca first attended a Catholic school, where they were expelled from Loreto Academy's kindergarten for slapping a nun. They later went to New Mexico Normal College, where they earned their teaching certificate in 1912. In the year of their graduation, their family was nearly bankrupt because of serious economic hardships. In 1921 they earned a bachelor's degree in pedagogy and visited Spain a second time. Later, they would earn a second bachelor's degree in home economics from New Mexico State University (NMSU) in 1929.
Them first job was teaching in a one-room schoolhouse in 1916. Them father was opposed to their teaching, but they insisted. They continued to teach school in the New Mexico public school system for a few years, and after receiving their degree from NMSU, began to work as an extension agent for Hispanic and Pueblo villages in New Mexico as part of the New Mexico Agricultural Extension Service (NMAES). Them career as an extension agent for these villages would span thirty years. In this capacity, they taught rural women modern agricultural techniques, introduced modern devices like sewing machines, so that rural families could thrive on their own land. They also helped organize clubs for rural women. Canning was one of the methods that extension agents tried to spread to rural areas, however, in rural New Mexico this was a controversial topic because most farm women had no running water and few could afford a pressure cooker. Instead, these women relied on a long tradition of drying food to preserve it. The extension service also endorsed this practice. They were the first extension agent who spoke Spanish and often translated government information into Spanish for rural residents. They were also the first agent sent out to Pueblos.
While visiting homes, they collected cultural information, recipes, stories and more. Some of these were published in the Santa Fe Nuevo Mexicana. They also hosted a bilingual weekly radio show related to homemaking on the station, KVSF.
In 1929, they eloped with Carlos Gilbert, an insurance agent and member of the League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC). The match was not approved of by their father, and the couple divorced after 10 years. Them husband's activism affected Cabeza de Baca, who became involved with Hispanic civil rights.
In 1932, they were injured by a train car, which resulted in having one of their legs amputated. While they recovered for a period of two years, they continued to write and eventually returned to work, visiting homes. In 1935, they and several other women founded La Sociedad Folklorica in Santa Fe as an organization "dedicated to preserving Spanish Language and Hispanic traditions in Santa Fe." During World War II, they helped women create Victory Gardens and set up childcare for women who were working. In 1950, UNESCO sent Cabeza de Baca to Pátzcuaro to teach modern food and agriculture techniques to students. In 1959, they retired from working as an extension agent.
In their retirement, they continued to preserve Spanish culture and was involved with the La Sociedad Folklorica of Santa Fe. They were also active in the Peace Corps.
In May 1984, they entered into a nursing home. On October 14, 1991, Cabeza de Baca died in Albuquerque. They were buried near Newkirk, New Mexico on the family's ranch.
Writing
Them book, Historic Cookery, first published in 1931, collected traditional recipes from the area, emphasizing "basic New Mexico foods." It was written with an "Anglo audience in mind." Historic Cookery also marked the first time that New Mexican recipes were written down with "exact measurements." It was also one of the first Mexican American cookbooks that included recipes for chile sauce, masa, atole, panocha sprouted-wheat pudding, and menudo. In 1959, Cabeza de Baca and chef as the Alvarado Hotel worked to update the recipes in Historic Cookery to modern techniques. The book sold over 100,000 copies, and was republished many times. A copy of this book was sent to the governor of each state in the US by Thomas Mabry along with a bag of pinto beans. Them work helped introduce cooking with chile to the American public.
Cabeza de Baca's second cookbook, The Good Life: New Mexico Traditions and Foods was first published in 1949 and was one of the first cookbooks to "place recipes within the historic and cultural contexts out of which they grew." The book contained a fictional family, the Turrieta family, which represented the people that they met as an extension agent. The book also describes regional differences in New Mexican cuisine.
Them autobiographical narrative, We Fed Them Cactus (1954), describes the life of New Mexican Hispanos, and documents four generations of their family. The title refers to a major drought that caused their family to have to feed cactus to their cattle. The story is narrated by El Cuate, or the camp cook, and the narrative in We Fed Them Cactus is meant to "counter Anglo-American stereotyping of wealthy and corrupt landowners of the rico class."
Between 1958 and 1961 they wrote and edited for a magazine they helped found, the Santa Fe Scene.
Later Chicano readings of Cabeza de Baca's work were critical of their writing, which was seen as "elitist and not representative of the realistic Chicano experience." Despite this criticism, their writing has been viewed by Hispanic literary critics as a precursor to Chicana literature.
Publications
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Fabiola Cabeza de Baca y Delgado y Delgado de Gilbert (1898-1991)
Recipes from the Hope Chest (includes a recipe by Fabiola Cabeza de Baca)
1894 births
1991 deaths
Baca family of New Mexico
People from Las Vegas, New Mexico
New Mexico State University alumni
20th-century American women writers
American people of Mexican descent
American cookbook writers
Women cookbook writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
20th-century American educators
Writers from New Mexico
Educators from New Mexico
20th-century American women educators
Jules Hamidou (born 8 August 1987) is a professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Delémont. Born in Switzerland, they represented Chad at international level.
Career
Hamidou plays for Delémont in Switzerland. They played for Laufen and Biel-Bienne, too.
International career
 They are a member of the Chad national football team, where they play the centre-position. They made a national team debut in 2008 when they came in as a substitute in World Cup qualifying match against Mali, on 11 October 2008. They were called in 2010 too, but the injury prevented them from playing. In 2011, they made their second appearance against Malawi. The match ended 2-2 and disabled Malawi to qualify to 2012 African Cup of Nations. Their third match was against Malawi again, they played in a 2-0 defeat in 2013 African Nations Cup qualifiers.
See also
List of Chad international footballers
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Chadian footballers
Chad international footballers
Swiss footballers
Swiss people of Chadian descent
SR Delémont players
FC Laufen players
FC Biel-Bienne players
People from Delémont
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from the canton of Jura
Pallett may refer to:
Alyssa Nicole Pallett (born 1985), the former owner of New York vintage store, "The Sweet Ones"
Henry Pallett (1863–1917), English cricketer
John Pallett (1921–1985), Canadian lawyer and politician
Owen Pallett (born 1979), Canadian composer, violinist, keyboardist, and vocalist
Roxanne Pallett (born 1982), British actor, played Jo Sugden in ITV soap opera Emmerdale
Sarah Pallett, New Zealand politician
See also
Paillet
Palette (disambiguation)
Pallet
Pallot (disambiguation)
Pellet (disambiguation)
Pollet
The Micro-DVI port is a proprietary video output port found in the original MacBook Air. It is smaller than the Mini-DVI port used by its MacBook models.
To use the port for displaying video on a standard monitor or television, an adapter must be used. Both a Micro-DVI to DVI adapter and a Micro-DVI to VGA adapter were bundled with the original MacBook Air. A Micro-DVI to Video adapter, which provided composite and S-video outputs, was also sold separately. The Micro-DVI to DVI adapter is only compatible with a DVI-D (digital) signal; DVI-A and DVI-I signals do not work as they do not have the required analog connections.
The Micro-DVI connector was replaced with the Mini DisplayPort connector starting with the Late 2008 MacBook Air, making it one of the shortest lived connectors created by Apple.
Additionally, the Asus U2E subnotebook includes a "Micro-DVI" port, which unlike the Apple version has the same form factor as HDMI.
Although it is electrically compatible with HDMI, it does not provide audio output.
See also
List of video connectors
External links
Digital display connectors
Croconate blue or 1,2,3-tris(dicyanomethylene)croconate is a divalent anion with chemical formula or ((N≡C−)2C=)3(C5O2)2−. It is one of the pseudo-oxocarbon anions, as it can be described as a derivative of the croconate oxocarbon anion through the replacement of three oxygen atoms by dicyanomethylene groups =C(−C≡N)2. The term Croconate Blue as a dye name specifically refers to the dipotassium salt .
History and synthesis
The anion was synthesized and characterized by A. Fatiadi in 1978, together with croconate violet. They obtained the corresponding acid, croconate acid blue by treating croconic acid with malononitrile in water solution at 80–90 °C.
Properties
Croconate acid blue
Croconate acid blue is strongly acidic (pKa1 ≈ 1). It crystallizes from water as a purple sesquihydrate · and gives a red solution in acetone or ethanol, but deep blue in water. It hydrolyzes slowly in water to give croconic acid violet. Extended heating in water produces deep green plates, apparently a polymer. Croconate acid blue retains the aromatic character and some other properties of the croconate anion.
Croconate blue dianion
Unlike croconate violet, the croconate blue dianion is not planar; the three dicyanomethylene groups are twisted by about 30 degrees from the ring plane.
The dipotassium salt is obtained from the acid by treatment with potassium methoxide from water as a green-blue trihydrate, that slowly loses water converting to the dihydrate. The water solutions have an intense blue color. It quickly converts to croconate violet when treated with potassium hydroxide. It is a weak semiconductor with conductivity 10−7 S cm−1 at room temperature.
The bis(tetramethylammonium) salt ((CH3)4)2 is green-blue and crystallizes as the dihydrate.
See also
2-(Dicyanomethylene)croconate
Croconate violet, 1,3-bis(dicyanomethylene)croconate
1,2-bis(dicyanomethylene)squarate
1,3-bis(dicyanomethylene)squarate
References
Dyes
Cyclopentenes
Cumberland County is a county in the U.S. state of Maine. As of the 2020 census, the population was 303,069, making it the most populous county in Maine. Its county seat is Portland. Cumberland County was founded in 1760 from a portion of York County, Province of Massachusetts Bay, and named for William, Duke of Cumberland, a son of King George II. Cumberland County has the deepest and second-largest body of water in the state, Sebago Lake, which supplies tap water to most of the county. The county is the state's economic and industrial center, having the resources of the Port of Portland, the Maine Mall, and having corporate headquarters of major companies such as Fairchild Semiconductor, IDEXX Laboratories, Unum, and TD Bank. Cumberland County is part of the Portland–South Portland, ME Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (31%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Androscoggin County – north
Oxford County – northwest
Sagadahoc County – northeast
York County – southwest
Major highways
U.S. Route 202
U.S. Route 302
U.S. 1
Maine State Route 9
Maine State Route 77
Maine State Route 114
National protected area
Rachel Carson National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 265,612 people, 107,989 households, and 67,709 families living in the county. The population density was 318 people per square mile (123/km2). There were 122,600 housing units at an average density of 147 per square mile (57/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.74% White, 1.06% Black or African American, 0.29% Native American, 1.40% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.35% from other races, and 1.13% from two or more races. 0.95% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 107,989 households, out of which 30.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.10% were married couples living together, 9.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.30% were non-families. 28.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.30% under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 31.30% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 13.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 93.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $44,048, and the median income for a family was $54,485. Males had a median income of $35,850 versus $27,935 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,949. About 5.20% of families and 7.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 9.10% of those under age 18 and 7.40% of those age 65 or over.
19.6% were of English, 15.5% Irish, 9.6% French, 7.8% United States or American, 7.7% Italian, 6.3% French Canadian and 5.9% German ancestry according to Census 2000. 94.4% spoke English and 2.1% French as their first language.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 281,674 people, 117,339 households, and 70,778 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 138,657 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 92.8% white, 2.4% black or African American, 2.0% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.6% from other races, and 1.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 22.7% were English, 21.1% were Irish, 9.0% were German, 8.4% were Italian, 6.0% were Scottish, 5.5% were French Canadian, and 4.4% were American.
Of the 117,339 households, 28.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.8% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 39.7% were non-families, and 29.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.90. The median age was 41.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $55,658 and the median income for a family was $71,335. Males had a median income of $48,158 versus $38,539 for females. The per capita income for the county was $31,041. About 6.9% of families and 10.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.4% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Cumberland County is represented by county commissioners and the daily operations are run by a county manager. The county has several responsibilities, including running a Sheriff's department, the Cumberland County Jail, and a county court system. Cumberland County also has its own treasury department, emergency management agency and also has a district attorney office. The county also has a stake in the Cross Insurance Arena (formerly called the Cumberland County Civic Center), as well as programs in local economic development and tourism.
Cumberland County is divided into five districts of approximate equal population, each of which elects one county commissioner. The sheriff is elected countywide and runs the Cumberland County Sheriff's office and the Cumberland County Jail.
Politics
Like the rest of Maine, Cumberland County was a solid Republican county after the Civil War. Between 1860 and 1960, the Republican presidential nominee won Cumberland County in every election except 1912 when the county was won by Democrat Woodrow Wilson following a split in the Republican vote between incumbent president William Howard Taft and Progressive nominee, the former Republican president Theodore Roosevelt. The county remained steadfastly and overwhelmingly Republican even in Franklin D. Roosevelt's huge Democratic landslide win in 1936.
In 1964 Democrat Lyndon B. Johnson won Cumberland County and Maine's 15 other counties as part of a 44-state landslide over controversial Republican nominee Barry Goldwater. Cumberland remained in the Democratic column in 1968, backing Hubert H. Humphrey, who had chosen Maine Senator Edmund Muskie as their running mate. These Democratic victories were a sign of things to come for Cumberland County. Though it would snap back into the Republican column for Richard Nixon in 1972, Republican victories in Cumberland grew increasingly narrower with Republican Gerald Ford winning it by less than 2,000 votes over Democrat Jimmy Carter in 1976. Carter would narrowly win the county in 1980, marking the first time Cumberland had diverged from the rest of Maine in a presidential election, as the state would be carried by Republican nominee Ronald Reagan.
Reagan would easily carry Cumberland in their 49-state landslide re-election in 1984, however it was Maine's closest county, with Democrat Walter Mondale losing it by a relatively narrow 13.7%. In 1988, George H. W. Bush would become the last Republican, as of 2020, to carry Cumberland County at the presidential level, winning it by less than seven points. In 1992, Democrat Bill Clinton would win the county with nearly 43% of the vote against Bush and independent Ross Perot; it would be the last time a Democrat would receive less than 50% of the vote in Cumberland County in a presidential election. In 2004, Cumberland would become the most Democratic county in Maine, a position it has retained through 2020. In 2008, over 105,000 ballots would be cast for the Democratic candidate, Barack Obama; it would be the first time a candidate received 100,000 votes in Cumberland County in history. Democrats have exceeded 100,000 votes in Cumberland in each subsequent presidential election. In 2020, Democrat Joe Biden would win Cumberland County with 66% of the vote, the most lopsided presidential election result in the county since Lyndon Johnson won 69% of the vote in 1964.
In 2012, the county voted 65% to legalize same-sex marriage.
Voter registration
|}
Communities
Cities
Portland (county seat)
South Portland
Westbrook
Towns
Baldwin
Bridgton
Brunswick
Cape Elizabeth
Casco
Chebeague Island
Cumberland
Falmouth
Freeport
Frye Island
Gorham
Gray
Harpswell
Harrison
Long Island
Naples
New Gloucester
North Yarmouth
Pownal
Raymond
Scarborough
Sebago
Standish
Windham
Yarmouth
Census-designated places
Bridgton
Brunswick
Brunswick Station
Casco
Cousins Island
Cumberland Center
Dunstan
Falmouth
Falmouth Foreside
Freeport
Gorham
Gray
Little Falls
Littlejohn Island
Naples
North Windham
Oak Hill (known as "Scarborough" prior to 2020)
Standish
Steep Falls
South Windham
Yarmouth
Other unincorporated communities
Bailey Island
Higgins Beach
North Bridgton
Orr's Island
Prouts Neck
Sebago Lake
South Casco
South Freeport
White Rock
Education
School districts include:
Brunswick School District
Cape Elizabeth School District
Chebeague Island School District
Falmouth School District
Gorham School District
Long Island School District
Portland Public Schools
Regional School Unit 05
Regional School Unit 14
Scarborough School District
School Administrative District 06
School Administrative District 15
School Administrative District 17
School Administrative District 55
School Administrative District 61
School Administrative District 51
School Administrative District 75
Sebago Public Schools
South Portland School District
Westbrook School District
Yarmouth School District
Governor Baxter School for the Deaf, a state-owned school, is in the county.
In popular culture
The fictional town of Jerusalem's Lot, featured in the vampire novel 'Salem's Lot by Stephen King, is situated in Cumberland County. King makes passing reference to other nearby towns and cities, including Portland, Falmouth, and Westbrook.
The video game Trauma Team takes place in Cumberland County in the year 2020, referencing Portland and its Back Cove neighborhood. Neither actual hospital housed in Portland is mentioned in-game; instead, a fictional trauma center called Resurgam First Care is fabricated for the plot (in real life, Portland's city motto is "Resurgam," Latin for "I will rise again"). Two other fictional places are mentioned that reference the county name: "Cumberland College" and "Cumberland Institute of Forensic Medicine".
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cumberland County, Maine
References
External links
Cumberland County government
Cumberland County on Maine.gov
Bibliography of Casco Bay
Maine counties
1760 establishments in Massachusetts
Portland metropolitan area, Maine
Populated places established in 1760
The 1954 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 23rd staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Mayo entered the championship as defending champions, however, they were defeated by Dublin in the All-Ireland semi-final.
On 26 September 1954, Dublin won the championship following a 3-3 to 1-8 defeat of Kerry in the All-Ireland final. This was their third All-Ireland title overall and their first in nine championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
References
1953
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Jan Strube (20 September 1892 – 9 November 1985) was a Dutch painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1892 births
1985 deaths
20th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Painters from Amsterdam
20th-century Dutch male artists
The Charles Sumner School, established in 1872, was one of the earliest schools for African Americans in Washington, D.C. Named for the prominent abolitionist and United States Senator Charles Sumner, the school became the first teachers' college for black citizens in the city and the headquarters of its segregated school system for African American students. It currently houses a small museum, a research room, art exhibits, and the archives of the District of Columbia Public Schools.
Construction and naming
The Charles Sumner School was built on land that had previously been used as a school site by the Freedmen's Bureau, created after the Civil War to provide support for freed slaves. The school was named for Charles Sumner, a prominent abolitionist and United States Senator from Massachusetts who fought, among other things, for the abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia and for the right of black citizens to use streetcars in that city. The building was designed by prominent Washington architect Adolf Cluss, a task for which they would receive a design award at the 1873 Vienna Exposition. The school opened in 1872.
Use as a school
An Act of Congress in 1862 had required the creation of schools for black children in Washington, D.C. However, it was not until 1873 that the responsibility for administration of the schools was removed from federal agencies and placed in local hands. At that point, separate superintendents were appointed to administer the education of white and black children in the city. Charles Sumner School was one of the first schools in this new school system, housing elementary school classes as well as the high school that eventually became Dunbar High School, graduating its first high school students in 1877. That same year, the school was renamed the Myrtilla Miner Normal School and became the District's first teacher's college for African Americans.
In addition to its role as a school, the building served as headquarters of the Superintendent and Board of Trustees of the separate school system for black students.
Use as a museum
By the 1980s the building had fallen into disrepair. Led by Richard Hurlbut, citizens of the district raised the $5 million necessary to renovate the building, a project that lasted two years, from 1984 to 1986. The newly renovated building, renamed the Charles Sumner School Museum and Archives, was used to house a museum, of which Hurlbut themselves was curator, as well as the District of Columbia Public School Archives and associated reading rooms and meeting space. The D.C. Women's Hall of Fame is also located at the Charles Sumner School. It is also used for exhibit space by local artists and organizations. The building was added to the District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites in 1978, and to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
See also
Mildred E. Gibbs, a principal
List of museums in Washington, D.C.
National Register of Historic Places listings in the District of Columbia
Normal School for Colored Girls
References
External links
Charles Sumner School Museum & Archives Facebook page, with visiting information
Archived Tumblr Page
Archived National Park Service site
Twitter Page
Instagram Page
School buildings completed in 1872
African-American museums in Washington, D.C.
Defunct schools in Washington, D.C.
Defunct universities and colleges in Washington, D.C.
District of Columbia Public Schools
Educational institutions established in 1872
Historically black universities and colleges in the United States
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Romanesque Revival architecture in Washington, D.C.
Education museums in the United States
Historically segregated African-American schools in Washington, D.C.
1872 establishments in Washington, D.C.
African-American history of Washington, D.C.
Kismat is an Indian drama television series which airs on Sony Entertainment Television. The series is produced by YRF Television and premiered on 14 February 2011. It is an Indian adaptation of British author Jeffrey Archer's 1979 novel, Kane and Abel. The story is set in Mumbai, India. It revolves around the stories of two men born worlds apart. They have nothing in common except the same date of birth (15 August 1947) and a zeal to succeed in life. Aditya Raj Merchant is a wealthy and powerful industrialist while Kabir Khan is in a situation of great poverty.
Synopsis
Kismat is a saga spread over sixty years that takes us through the lives of two men— Adityaraj Merchant and Kabir Khan, who share a strange karmic bond imposed by destiny.
Born on the same historic day of 15 August 1947, life takes them both through diverse experiences each on different paths, that ultimately define the course of their lives and their character as men.
Aditya Merchant, son of an affluent, successful industrialist Madhav Merchant and their wife Devika, also has an autocratic grandmother, Gayatri Devi, who is a big influence in their life. Their life is charted out for them even before they are born and they have every privilege they could possibly ask for. But in return they must stay true to the Merchant name and the ideals of excellence that it is identified with and they must strive to always be the best in order to be worthy of that name. They learn early on in life that winning is all that matters, and at any cost.
Kabir Khan, on the other hand born to Muslim parents, miraculously finds refuge in a Hindu family's house in a downtrodden village near Hyderabad.  They are nurtured and showered with love by their Hindu mother Gunwanthi and older sister Saraswathi. But not for long. Facing adversities at a very early age, Kabir has to soon fend for themselves and deal with every possible misfortune that life throws at him. Beaten and honed in these hardships, Kabir is forged into a determined man focussed only on becoming rich, successful and powerful.
Destiny rules that both Aditya and Kabir's paths must cross and keep crossing.
In time, this immutable play of destiny brings Aditya and Kabir face-to-face in a conflict that has far reaching implications. A twist of fate, an unfortunate turn of events, coincidence, Kismat—all conspire to make this conflict grow bigger with each passing year until this tug of war between Aditya Merchant and Kabir Khan, for revenge, power and prestige eventually becomes their sole reason for existence.
Cast
Viraf Phiroz Patel as Aditya Raj Merchant
Rahul Bagga as Kabir Kumar
Kirendeep Kaur Jogi as Mrinalini
Aarun Nagar as Army Officer
Rushad Rana as Hanif
Shiv Kumar Subramaniam as Vishwanathan
Siddhant Karnick as Madhav Merchant
Jacqie Grewal as Gayatri Merchant
Tanu Vidyarthi as Devika Merchant
Khalida Khan as Sapna Khatau
Rasika Dugal as Lubna
Maj Bikramjeet Singh as Mubarak Khan
Karuna Pandey as Jayashree / Saraswati
Kavi Shastri as Vikramaditya Merchant (
Kainaz Motivala as Tanya/Zulekha Khan Merchant
References
External links
Kismat Official Site on Sony TV India
Official site of YRF Television
Sony Entertainment Television original programming
Indian drama television series
Television shows set in Mumbai
2011 Indian television series debuts
2011 Indian television series endings
Television shows based on British novels
2010s Indian television series
Filippo Randazzo (born 27 April 1996) is an Italian male long jumper. They competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics, in Long jump.
Career
They were 7th at 2017 European Athletics Indoor Championships. Their indoor personal best is a measure over the eight meters, exactly 8.05 m established in Ancona on 18 February 2017.
An injury occurred in April 2022 prevented them from appearing in Rieti at the 2022 Italian Athletics Championships where they would have had to defend the title in the long jump they had won in the previous five editions, as well as taking part in the 2022 World Athletics Championships in Eugene, Oregon. where they had also qualified thanks to the target number.
Statistics
Personal best
Long jump outdoor: 8.12 m, Savona, 16 July 2020
Long jump indoor: 8.05 m, Ancona, 18 February 2017
Achievements
Circuit wins
Diamond League
British Grand Prix long jump: 2021 (8.11 m )
National titles
Randazzo won seven national championships at individual senior level.
Italian Athletics Championships
Long jump: 2015, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 (6)
Italian Athletics Indoor Championships
Long jump: 2022 (1)
See also
Italian all-time lists - Long jump
Notes
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Italian male long jumpers
Athletics competitors of Fiamme Gialle
Italian Athletics Championships winners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Catania
Olympic athletes of Italy
Hot Dogma is the second studio album by the Australian alternative rock band TISM. It was released on 1 October 1990 and peaked at number 86 on the ARIA Charts. The title comes from a joining of the two phrases hot dog, a food, and dogma, a specific religious belief. An additional disc, Hot Dogma - The Interview Disc was added to initial sales copies and contains live responses by TISM to an unheard DJs questions.
Reception
In a review of The White Album, Anton S Trees of FasterLouder compared it to Hot Dogma, where the latter is "filled with moments of introspection and reflection on the nature of self, existence and mortality – TISM examine the value of life. Most prominent amongst the examinations of mortality and the cyclical nature of existence is 'Life Kills'."
Steve Bell of theMusic.com.au website noticed it "quickly became a fan favourite but didn't set the world on fire commercially nor bother the charts, so TISM were soon unceremoniously dumped by Phonogram during 1991 and found themselves homeless."
Cover and liner notes
The cover of the album features what appear to be Chinese Red Guards carrying a large banner with TISM written across it and carrying what, on first look, appears to be Mao Zedong's Little Red Book, but is on closer inspection The TISM Guide To Little Aesthetics. The artwork closely resembled posters of the time of Mao's reign.
The Chinese on the cover translates into "The unification of the proletariat under the banner of TISM".
The back cover of the album has the track lists in Chinese, however the Asian division of Polygram released a version with the track titles in English. The titles are listed in English in the liner notes.
Track listings
LP version
CD and cassette versions
The unlisted segue and "Life Kills" are indexed as one 5:52-long track on the iTunes and Spotify releases.
Hot Dogma - The Interview Disc
LP copies of Hot Dogma were bundled with a pack-in 7" single, containing a humorous open-ended interview with TISM and blank spaces for a DJ to insert the questions. Both sides contain the same interview.
Questions
"Your new album is on PolyGram, will you change now that you're signed to a major label?"
"How did you guys come to be in a band?"
"Why don't you ever show your face?"
"Your live shows have a reputation for being pretty wild affairs. Do you deliberately set out to work up your audience?"
"What kind of people come to your shows?"
"Your new album Hot Dogma is pretty amazing - over an hour of music, all kinds of different styles; what can you tell us about it?"
"OK, so you obviously prefer not to give much away in interviews. Why is that?"
"I am a self-respecting DJ..."
"I do think I have a feel for what's going down..."
"I do have a certain duty towards my audience..."
"YES!"
The last four tracks on the disc are questions from TISM to the DJ.
Charts
Release history
References
1990 albums
TISM albums
John Clark (born 13 March 1941) is a Scottish former football player and coach. They have been employed by Celtic for more than forty years over eight decades, since signing as a player in 1958, then having spells as a coach, assistant manager and currently kit controller.
They were a member of the Celtic team which won the European Cup in 1967, nicknamed the Lisbon Lions. They were inducted into the Scottish Football Hall of Fame in 2017.
Playing career
John Clark was born in Chapelhall, Lanarkshire. Their father died in a railway accident when Clark was 10 years old. As a 15-year-old, Clark worked in a mine, before they joined Celtic in 1958, aged 17.
Clark soon established themselves as a regular in the Celtic team. The arrival of Jock Stein as manager in 1965 saw Clark moved from left half to a sweeper position behind Billy McNeill. Their undramatic style of play beside fellow centre back McNeill was integral to the success of the team; their role as Celtic's sweeper earned them the nickname "The Brush."
Between April 1965 and September 1967, the club's most successful period, they played in 140 consecutive matches. They were part of the Celtic team that won the European Cup in 1967, defeating Inter Milan 2–1 in Lisbon. As a player with Celtic, they won three league championships, three Scottish Cups, four League Cups and the European Cup.
They left Celtic for Morton in 1971, where they retired from playing two years later.
Clark earned four international caps for Scotland, all during their time with Celtic.
Coaching and management career
Clark became a coach with Celtic in 1973, working with the reserve team.
They left in 1977 to become Billy McNeill's assistant manager at Aberdeen, before returning to Celtic in the same role with McNeill from 1978 to 1983. During McNeill's tenure, Celtic won three League championships, in 1978–79, 1980–81 and 1981–82, the Scottish Cup in 1980 and the League Cup in 1982–83.
Clark then worked as manager of Cowdenbeath, Stranraer and Clyde, as well as junior club Shotts Bon Accord, in the 1980s and early 90s. They became Celtic's kit controller in 1997, a position they have held for more than twenty years. As of 2021, they have spent 46 years with Celtic across eight decades, making them the second-longest serving Celtic man ever, after Willie Maley.
Their son Martin also became a professional footballer, playing with Clyde, Nottingham Forest and Partick Thistle in the 1990s.
Career statistics
International appearances
References
External links
1941 births
Living people
Scottish footballers
Scotland international footballers
Celtic F.C. players
Greenock Morton F.C. players
Scottish football managers
Celtic F.C. non-playing staff
Cowdenbeath F.C. managers
Stranraer F.C. managers
Clyde F.C. managers
Sportspeople from Larkhall
Larkhall Thistle F.C. players
Association football wing halves
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Football League representative players
Scottish Football League managers
Scottish Roman Catholics
Footballers from South Lanarkshire
Scottish Football Hall of Fame inductees
UEFA Champions League winning players
The 1907 Baylor football team was an American football team that represented Baylor University as an independent during the 1907 college football season. In its first season under head coach Luther Burleson, the team compiled a 4–3–1 record and was outscored by a total of 105 to 91.
Baylor's December 6 game at LSU was the team's first ever east of the Mississippi.
Schedule
Background
Baylor University did not field a team in 1906. Due to the violence of football, the sport was banned by the Board of Trustees in May 1906.
Under student pressure and a lack of interest in the school's athletics team, the trustees lifted the ban the following year.
References
Baylor
Baylor Bears football seasons
Baylor
Elbe is a river in the Czech Republic and Germany.
Elbe may also refer to:
Places
Elbe (Eder), a river in Hesse, Germany
Elbe, Lower Saxony, Germany
Elbe, Washington, United States
People
Jenny Elbe (born 1990), German athlete
Lili Elbe (1882–1931), Danish artist and transgender woman
Pascal Elbé (born 1967), French film actor and director
Ships
Elbe, a French frigate of 1805, better known as Aréthuse
, German naval vessel class
German ship Elbe (A511), the lead ship
Elbe (1887 ship), a British sailing vessel
, several steamships
Other uses
Elbe, a variety of grape usually known as Elbling
Elbe Air, a German airline
Elbe Flugzeugwerke, an aerospace company in Dresden
Elbe Project, the first commercial static high voltage direct current transmission system
Sonderkommando Elbe, a German fighter task force in 1945
Minister of Social Development can refer to:
Minister of Social Development (Canada)
Minister of Social Development (South Africa)
Minister for Social Development (New Zealand)
See also
Ministry of Social Development (disambiguation)
Rana Abdul Sattar Khan is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since August 2018. Previously they were a member of the Punjab Assembly from June 2013 to May 2018 and was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Early life
They were born on 2 March 1982.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-112 (Sialkot-III) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League-N (PML-N) in 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 92,182 votes and defeated Shujaat Hussain. In the same election, they were elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PML-N from Constituency PP-124 (Sialkot-V). They received 36,078 and defeated Malik Tahir Akhtar, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP). They vacated the Punjab Assembly seat.
They were re-elected to the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PML-N from Constituency PP-124 (Sialkot-V) in 2013 Pakistani general election. They received 55,565 votes and defeated Malik Jamshed Ghias, a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI).
They were re-elected to Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of PML-N from Constituency PP-45 (Sialkot-XI) in 2018 Pakistani general election.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Punjab MPAs 2013–2018
1982 births
Pakistan Muslim League (N) MPAs (Punjab)
Punjab MPAs 2018–2023
The Oweegee Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains, located on the east side of Bell-Irving River in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Mountains
Mountains within the Oweegee Range include:
Mount Skowill
Delta Peak
Mount Klayduc
References
Oweegee Range in the Canadian Mountain Encyclopedia
Skeena Mountains
The Anschutz Family Foundation is a private foundation based in Denver, Colorado. It was founded in 1982 by Fred and Marian Pfister Anschutz, the parents of Colorado rancher Sue Anschutz-Rodgers, who serves as chair and president, and of Philip Anschutz, a billionaire business person. Since its founding, it has distributed more than 9,000 grants to nonprofit organizations for a total of $52.6 million as of 2016. The Foundation for a Better Life is funded solely by the foundation.
References
External links
Foundations based in the United States
Organizations based in Colorado
Organizations established in 1982
Zhang Shicheng (born November 1963) is a professor of oil production engineering, vice president of China University of Petroleum (Beijing) (since September 2008), and the principal of Karamay Campus (since March 2016).
Zhang was born and raised in Shucheng County, Anhui. Zhang accomplished their bachelor's degree in oil production engineering from Huadong Petroleum Institute (renamed the University of Petroleum in 1988 and China University of Petroleum) in 1982. Then they took a Master's degree in China University of Petroleum (Beijing) from 1986 to 1989.
Zhang worked as a lecturer after they accomplished the master's degree in China University of Petroleum – Beijing. They became an administration in the university since 2004, as the director of the Office of Educational Administration. In September 2008, they were anominated as the Vice President in Beijing campus and at the same time they took charge of President Office, Office of Educational Administration, Infrastructure Department in Beijing campus. Since the university was extended in Karamay, Xinjiang in October 2015, they were anominated as the Principal in Karamay campus in March 2016.
References
Living people
1963 births
Educators from Anhui
China University of Petroleum faculty
People from Lu'an
Calle Svensson (born 19 June 1987) is a Swedish football midfielder who plays for IK Sleipner.
Club career
On 9 December 2021, they returned to IK Sleipner.
References
1987 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Association football midfielders
IK Sleipner players
Nyköpings BIS players
GAIS players
Husqvarna FF players
Västerås SK Fotboll players
IFK Mariehamn players
Ettan Fotboll players
Superettan players
Veikkausliiga players
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Sonador is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,813.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Sonador and Alto Sano barrios was 862.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Sonador barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
Csilla Elekes (born 18 June 1964) is a German handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
German female handball players
Olympic handball players of Germany
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Budapest
Sclater's tyrannulet (Phyllomyias sclateri) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
The common name and the Latin binomial commemorate the British zoologist Philip Lutley Sclater.
References
Sclater's tyrannulet
Birds of the Yungas
Sclater's tyrannulet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Durnevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was five, as of 2002.
Geography
Durnevskaya is located 29 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Pavlomatveyevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Out of the Folk Bag is an album by the Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band featuring performances recorded in Cologne in 1967 for the German Columbia label. The album features big band interpretations of traditional songs from around the world.
Track listing
"Belgium: Nice Bunch" (Bosseret) - 2:58
"England: Greensleeves" (Trad.) - 4:00
"Italy: Funiculì, Funiculà" (Luigi Denza) - 3:27
"Poland: Nights in Warsaw" (Trad.) - 3:07
"USA: I Don't Want Nothin" (Trad.) - 4:25
"Turkey: The Turk" (Trad.) - 1:52
"Canada: Here The Good Wind Comes" (Trad.) - 5:49
"Jugoslavia: Return" (Trad.) - 3:40
"Sweden: Dear Old Stockholm" (Trad.) - 4:51
Personnel
Kenny Clarke - drums
Francy Boland - piano, arranger
Benny Bailey, Jimmy Deuchar, Shake Keane, Idrees Sulieman - trumpet
Torolf Mølgaard, Nat Peck, Eric van Lier - trombone
Derek Humble - alto saxophone
Carl Drevo, Johnny Griffin, Ronnie Scott - tenor saxophone
Sahib Shihab - baritone saxophone, flute
Jimmy Woode - bass
Fats Sadi - vibraphone, percussion
References
1967 albums
Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band albums
Columbia Records albums
Tanned Legs is a 1929 American Pre-Code musical comedy directed by Marshall Neilan and written by Thomas J. Geraghty based on a story by Louis Sarecky. The film starred Ann Pennington, Arthur Lake, June Clyde, Dorothy Revier, Sally Blane and Albert Gran. In its first year of operations, RKO attempted to take advantage of musicals as much as possible, and so the music of Oscar Levant and Sidney Clare was awkwardly inserted into this simple comedy script.
Plot
Peggy is the daughter of Mr. Reynolds and their wife Sophie. Although married, both of the elder Reynolds are having romantic interludes with younger people, Mrs. Lyons-King and Roger Fleming, respectively. In addition, Peggy's sister, Janet, is infatuated with Clinton Darrow, a ne'er-do-well, who is only interested in the Reynolds' money, not in Janet. Peggy is in the only normal relationship, with their boyfriend, Bill.
While at a seaside resort, Peggy attempts to get all of their family members back in line. However, things become convoluted as Mr. Reynolds is about to buy some useless shares of stock, having been convinced by Lyons-King, as Darrow begins to blackmail Janet due to some rather juicy letters they had sent to him. When Janet sneaks into Darrow's room, attempting to retrieve their letters, they are seen by their sister and Bill, who think they are sneaking in for other reasons. Janet is unsuccessful in their attempt to procure the incriminating letters.
As Darrow steps up their blackmail threats, Janet can see no way out, so decides to kill them instead. However, during the attempted assassination, they mistakenly wound Peggy, rather than their intended target. Bill, meanwhile has become fed up with all of the antics going on and is sundered from Peggy.
Through a twisted process during a fake robbery, a friend of Peggy's, Roger Fleming, and their girlfriend, Tootie, obtain the letters from Darrow, thus ending the blackmail attempt. Peggy manages to straighten out both of their parents, and by the end of the film is reconciled with Bill.
Cast
Arthur Lake as Bill
June Clyde as Peggy Reynolds
Dorothy Revier as Mrs. Lyons-King
Ann Pennington as Tootie
Albert Gran as Mr. Reynolds
Allen Kearns as Roger Fleming
Sally Blane as Janet Reynolds
Edmund Burns as Clinton Darrow
Lincoln Stedman as Pudgy
Nella Walker as Mrs. Sophie Reynolds
Claire Rochelle as Dancer
Songs
"With You, With Me" – Oscar Levant and Sidney Clare – Sung by June Clyde and Arthur Lake. Reprised by Allen Kearns.
"Come in the Water, the Water Is Fine" – Oscar Levant and Sidney Clare – Sung by June Clyde.
"You're Responsible" – Oscar Levant and Sidney Clare – Sung by Ann Pennington and Allen Kearns.
"Tanned Legs" – Oscar Levant and Sidney Clare – Sung by Ann Pennington. Reprised by June Clyde.
References
External links
American black-and-white films
1929 musical comedy films
Films directed by Marshall Neilan
American musical comedy films
1929 films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
Arthropodology (from Greek - arthron, "joint", and , gen.: - pous, podos, "foot", which together mean "jointed feet") is a biological discipline concerned with the study of arthropods, a phylum of animals that include the insects, arachnids, crustaceans and others that are characterized by the possession of jointed limbs.
This field is very important in medicine, studied together with parasitology. Medical arthropodology is the study of the parasitic effect of arthropods, not only as parasites but also as vectors. The first annual Conference on Medical Arthropodology was held in Madurai (Tamil Nadu) in 2007.
Subfields
Subfields of arthropodology are
Arachnology - the study of spiders and other arachnids
Entomology - the study of insects (until the 19th century this term was used for the study of all arthropods)
Carcinology - the study of crustaceans
Myriapodology - the study of centipedes, millipedes, and other myriapods
Journals
Journal of Arthropodology
References
Bibliography
Vargas, V M. 1976. Notas sobre Artropodología Médica. Oficina de Publicaciones Universidad de Costa Rica.
External links
Institute of Arthropodology and Parasitology
Subfields of zoology
Anatoly Petrov may refer to:
Anatoly Petrov (athlete)
Anatoly Petrov (animator)
Nomad Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Western Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Igimi
02. Mougulu
03. Kofabi
04. Adumari
05. Ugubi
06. Sefalobi
07. Igibia
08. Sedado
09. Ugulubabi
10. Sadubi
11. Fuma
12. Hafemi
13. Yulabi
14. Suabi
16. Beredina
17. Pipila
18. Wakela
19. Egebila
20. Honabi
21. Udugombi
22. Kukudobi
23. Sirigubi
24. Mabomanibi
25. Wasubi
26. Bubusmabi
27. Aeyedubi
28. Tinahai
29. Sinabi
30. Wanbi
31. Kwobi
32. Testabi
33. Kuda
34. Debepari
35. Sokabi
36. Honinabi
37. Nomad Station
38. Dodomona
39. Filisato/Banisato
References
Local-level governments of Western Province (Papua New Guinea)
Hippeastrum petiolatum (Azucena de Río) is a flowering perennial herbaceous bulbous plant, in the family Amaryllidaceae, distributed from Paraguay to Uruguay and Argentina.
Description
Hippeastrum petiolatum grows to a height of 30–40 cm. Leaves are lanceolate, and dark green, forming a basal rosette around 60 cm in diameter. They grow to a length of 20–50 cm. There are up to three scapes per bulb. The paraperigonium consists of minute scales at the throat of the tepal tube, whose segments are unequal and ruffled and 1–2 cm broad at the middle and 15 cm long. Perigone 6–7 cm. The showy flowers are 10 cm in diameter, scarlet-red with purple veins, greenish-yellow in the throat and usually 3–4 in number but may be 5 rarely. Stigma trifid. Bulbs large (10 to 15 cm in diameter).
Taxonomy
Described by Ferdinand Albin Pax in 1889.
Heterotypic Synonyms
Hippeastrum flammigerum E.Holmb., Anales Mus. Nac. Buenos Aires, ser. 3, 1: 411 (1902).
Amaryllis flammigera (E.Holmb.) Traub & Uphof, Herbertia 5: 127 (1938).
Amaryllis argilagae Traub, Pl. Life 23: 59 (1967).
Amaryllis petiolata subsp. cochunensis Ravenna, Pl. Life 26: 78 (1970).
Hippeastrum argilagae (Traub) Dutilh, Taxon 46: 16 (1997).
Cultivation
Full sun to part shade, moist but well drained soil, or pots. Leaves may persist all year under optimum conditions. Reproduction is solely by lateral bulbils, and bears no fruit.
Ecology
Spring flowering.
Uses
Cut flowers.
References
Sources
GBIF: Hippeastrum petiolatum
Pacific Bulb Society: Hippeastrum petiolatum
International Bulb Society: Hippeastrum petiolatum (image)
Flora of South America
petiolatum
Garden plants of South America
The 2011 Victoria Cup was scheduled to take place in June and July 2011; it will be the second Victoria Cup with the national teams from Zimbabwe, Kenya and Uganda competing in a round robin tournament, with both home and away fixtures. Kenya is the reigning champions after winning all 4 of their matches in 2010.
Schedule
Click on the date in the first column to see more details on that match.
2011 Final Table of Standings
2011 points scorers
Match 1
Tangai Nemadire put the Sables 5-0 up eight minutes into the game. Justin Kimono, top try scorer at the recently concluded Bamburi Rugby Super Series restored parity for the home side on thirty minutes. The diminutive Kimono, making their national team debut scored again two minutes later. Tichafara Makwanya's thirty fifth-minute penalty narrowed the deficit to 10-8 just before half-time. Prop forward Denford Mutamangira scored a try on forty eight minutes with Makwanya's conversion putting Zimbabwe 15-10 ahead. Gardner Nechironga scored a try and Makwanya's conversion put Zimbabwe 22-10 ahead on fifty minutes. Makwanya scored a drop goal with an hour gone before Robert Seguya scored a late pushover try for Uganda. Final score 25-15 to Zimbabwe.
Defending champions Kenya played a series of friendlies against the Mpumalanga Pumas from South Africa. Kenya coach Michael Otieno is expected to name their travelling party on Tuesday 21 June to play Zimbabwe in Bulawayo on 25 June.
Match 2
Match 3
Match 4
Match 5
Match 6
References
2011
2011 in African rugby union
2011 rugby union tournaments for national teams
2011 in Kenyan sport
2011 in Ugandan sport
2011 in Zimbabwean sport
Blanche Cole (1851 – 31 August 1888) was an English soprano. Showing promise as a child, Cole went on to have a successful operatic career, during which they sang 21 roles in English versions of operas in London and the British provinces. They died at the age of 37.
Early years
Cole was born in Portsmouth, England, to a musical family. In 1858, at the age of seven, they took part in a concert in Glasgow, winning a favourable review from The Glasgow Herald. In 1860 they took part in a concert at London's St. James's Hall presented by the Vocal Association. According to The Musical Times, "the delightful silvery quality of their voice brought them prominently to the front... their name has been amongst the first of English operatic singers".
In 1867, Cole sang Zerlina in Fra Diavolo, Amina in La sonnambula, and Marguerite in Faust with Rosenthal's English Opera Company. In 1868, they sang Oscar in Un ballo in maschera at the Theatre Royal in Cork and Leonora in Il trovatore in London, in a production conducted by Meyer Lutz. The same year, they married Sidney Naylor, a noted organist and accompanist of the day. They acted as conductor to their company in 1875 in William Vincent Wallace's Lurline.
Later years
In 1869, Cole was praised by The Times for their singing in Acis and Galatea in London and made their debut at the Crystal Palace as Amina in Bellini's La sonnambula with George Perren and Richard Temple, conducted by August Manns. In 1872, they sang the role of Maid Marian in a concert version of G. A. Macfarren's opera Robin Hood at the Crystal Palace. The Musical Standard wrote of their "sweet cultivated voice" and opined that "the artistic intelligence which they bring to their work renders their performance very enjoyable, and thoroughly enlists the sympathies of the audience". They appeared at the Adelphi Theatre with the Carl Rosa Opera Company in 1878 as Senta in The Flying Dutchman and as the Countess in The Marriage of Figaro. From time to time they presented their own opera company. On other occasions they appeared under the management of Richard Temple with Rose Hersee's company in Don Pasquale and Il trovatore. They also appeared with much success as Mary Wolf in Balfe's opera The Puritan's Daughter, produced by the Carl Rosa Company
In 1887 they sang Donna Anna in Don Giovanni. In 1888, The Pall Mall Gazette commented that their fine voice seemed entirely to pervade the great space of the Albert Hall with its piercing and sympathetic quality. The Musical Times wrote: "She was everywhere known for their graceful acting, which, apart even from the careful manipulation of their pure and beautiful voice, had always made them a favourite with opera-goers." During their career, Cole sang 21 roles.
Cole died of dropsy at age 37 at their London home.
Notes
Sources
Aldephi Theatre Calendar 1806 - 1900
Baker, Theodore, A Biographical Dictionary of Musicians, Read Books, 2008, p. 416.
The Musical World, 11 January 1868, p. 21.
Sherson, Erroll, London's lost theatres of the nineteenth century, Ayer Publishing, 1925, p. 230.
English operatic sopranos
1851 births
1888 deaths
Musicians from Portsmouth
Deaths from edema
19th-century British women opera singers
Akash Singh; is an Indian actor who works in Bhojpuri cinema, Hindi cinema and Bengali cinema and theatre.
Early life
Singh was born at Mumbai in 1987. Their parents were Bhojpuri actor Kunal Singh and Bengali actor Arati Bhattacharya. After completing their college education from MMK College of Commerce and Economics, Mumbai they took up their acting career.
Acting in feature films
Their first movie Onde Ondu Sari was a Kannada movie. Their second movie Bloody Isshq was released on 1 March 2013, The film was made under Aashawari Media Pvt Ltd. After the success of the film they migrated to Bhojpuri cinema.  They are also works as a singer in several hindi and Bengali movies.
Selected Filmography
Onde Ondu Sari (Kannada)2011
Achena Prem (Bengali)2011 (actor)
Hari Om Hari (Oriya) 2013
Sweetheart (Bengali,Telugu) (actor, Director Writer) 2013
Mr Rajesh (Telugu) 2013
Bloody Isshq (Hindi) 2013
Action (Bengali) (Musician) 2014
Masoom (Bengali) 2014
Tere Jaisa Yaar Kahan (2017)
Bhauji Pataniya (Bhojpuri) (2018)
Chor Police (Bhojpuri) (2019)
Drive (Singer)(2019)
Aankh Micholi (2021)
References
1987 births
21st-century Indian actors
Male actors in Bhojpuri cinema
Living people
The Nebraska Cornhuskers softball team represents the University of Nebraska–Lincoln in the Big Ten Conference of NCAA Division I. The program was founded in 1976 as a club sport and became an officially sanctioned varsity sport the next year. NU plays its home games at Bowlin Stadium, constructed in 2001 as part of the Haymarket Park complex. Nebraska has made twenty-five appearances in the NCAA Division I Softball Tournament, with seven Women's College World Series berths. The team has been coached by Rhonda Revelle since 1993.
History
Early success
Nebraska's softball program began in 1976 as a club sport, and was officially sanctioned as a varsity sport in 1977 in the wake of Title IX. Don Isherwood led the program in its early years, but was fired in 1980 as the university wished to hire a head coach with a college degree. That coach was Nancy Plantz, who led Nebraska to the inaugural NCAA Division I Women's College World Series in 1982 (in its early years, the softball tournament was held in Omaha, longtime host of the College World Series, meaning NU played the 1982, 1984, 1985, and 1987 WCWS less than fifty miles from its Lincoln campus). Plantz's tenure ended following a disastrous 1983 season that featured player walkouts and a last-place conference finish, and ultimately was cut short by the university.
Nebraska was nearly unable to field a team for the 1984 season before hiring former NAIA National Coach of the Year Wayne Daigle to lead the program. The Cornhuskers set a school record for wins and returned to the WCWS in Daigle's first year, and Denise Day was named the first All-American in program history. Daigle's second season saw the breakout of first-year student pitcher Lori Sippel, whose no-hitter against Louisiana Tech in the WCWS opener helped send the Cornhuskers to the title game for the first time, where they lost 2–1 to UCLA. Just months after the end of the tournament, Nebraska'a national runner-up finish was vacated by the NCAA Committee on Infractions; according to the committee's findings, Daigle had allowed a redshirt player to travel with the team and purchased dinner for a recruit and their family. This also made NU ineligible for postseason play following the 1986 season, which would be Daigle's last at Nebraska; they resigned and returned to Texas, where they coached high school softball for the remainder of their career.
Athletic director Bob Devaney selected pitching coach and Nebraska native Ron Wolforth as Daigle's successor. Wolforth led Nebraska back to the WCWS in each of their first two seasons, NU's fourth and fifth appearances in the event's first seven years. However, Wolforth's teams saw less success over the following years, and they grew weary of the NCAA's increasingly stringent rules and guidelines. They resigned in 1992 and started a baseball and softball academy in Vancouver.
Rhonda Revelle era
Devaney hired former Cornhusker pitcher Rhonda Revelle to replace Wolforth in 1993. Revelle inherited a program which hadn't made the NCAA Tournament since making the College World Series in 1988, but quickly returned the program to national relevance. NU did not miss the tournament from 1995 to 2007 and finished nationally ranked in every season but one. In 1998, Nebraska returned to the College World Series for the first time in a decade and became the first undefeated conference season in Big 12 history. Revelle became the third person to reach the WCWS as a player and a head coach, and the first to do it at their alma mater. Nebraska followed by winning fifty games in three straight seasons, culminating in another WCWS appearance in 2002, where NU was eliminated with a pair of one-run losses.
Nebraska's run of twelve consecutive top-25 national finishes ended in 2007, and the following year the program missed the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 1994. Nebraska returned to the tournament in 2010, and in 2011 the program beat a top-ranked team for the first time, a 1–0 win over Florida. The University of Nebraska–Lincoln joined the Big Ten in 2012, and in its second year in the conference NU advanced to the WCWS. On March 13, 2013, Nebraska swept Oklahoma State in a double-header, giving Revelle their 767th and 768th victories at NU and passing former baseball coach John Sanders for the most victories by any coach at Nebraska. Nebraska won the Big Ten for the first time in 2014, losing in a Super Regional to Alabama.
In 2019, Revelle was placed on paid administrative leave by the university after multiple player complaints of emotional abuse and harassing text messages. Several colleagues and former players voiced support for Revelle, who was later reinstated with no further punishment. Revelle won their 1,000th game at Nebraska in 2021, a season in which NU played only conference games due to COVID-19 travel restrictions.
Bowlin Stadium
Bowlin Stadium, part of the Haymarket Park complex in downtown Lincoln, has been the home venue of Nebraska's softball team since 2001. It has a listed capacity of 2,500, which includes all-grass berms down both foul lines. The highest attendance at the stadium was 2,302, a 4–1 Michigan win over Nebraska on April 9, 2016. Nebraska has ranked in the top ten nationally in attendance four times since moving to Bowlin Stadium.
Bowlin Stadium hosted NCAA Tournament Regionals in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2007, and 2013. It was named the SportsTurf Managers Association Field of the Year in 2004.
Coaches
Coaching history
Coaching staff
Awards
All-Americans
Conference awards
Season-by-season results
Notes
References
Sports in Lincoln, Nebraska
Saint Mary's Redoubt (), also known as Migart Redoubt (), was a redoubt on the island of Comino in Malta. It was built by the Order of Saint John in 1716 or 1761 (sources vary) as one of a series of coastal fortifications around the Maltese Islands.
The redoubt was located on the northern coast of Comino, far away from the island's other defences of Saint Mary's Tower and Saint Mary's Battery. It was demolished and no traces of it can be seen today.
References
Redoubts in Malta
Hospitaller fortifications in Malta
Demolished buildings and structures in Malta
Comino
Limestone buildings in Malta
18th-century fortifications
The Battle of Kalyan occurred between the Mughal Empire and Maratha Empire between 1682 and 1683. Bahadur Khan of the Mughal Empire defeated the Maratha army and took over Kalyan. The Marathas attempted a counteroffensive, but failed and they were repulsed by Mughal forces.
See also
Battle of Sangamner
References
Kalyan
Kalyan
1683 in India
Kalyan
Kalyan
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1965:.
1965
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1965 at HKcinemamagic.com
1965
Hong Kong
Films
Louis George Graff (July 25, 1866 – April 16, 1955) was a 19th-century Major League Baseball catcher with the Syracuse Stars of the American Association. Nicknamed "Chappie", they appeared in one game for the Stars on June 23, 1890 and recorded 2 hits in 5 at-bats with 3 RBI.
External links
Baseball-Reference page
1866 births
1955 deaths
19th-century baseball players
Major League Baseball catchers
Syracuse Stars (AA) players
Portland Gladiators players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Nevada was admitted to the Union on October 31, 1864 and has been represented in the United States Senate by 28 people. Its current U.S. senators are Democrats Catherine Cortez Masto (Class 3, serving since 2017) and Jacky Rosen (Class 1, serving since 2019). Nevada has been represented by 14 Republicans and 14 Democrats. Harry Reid was Nevada's longest-serving senator (1987–2017).
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 1
| rowspan=6 align=left | William Stewart
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | February 1, 1865 –March 3, 1875
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1865.
| rowspan=3 | 1
|
| rowspan=2 | 1
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1865.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | February 1, 1865 –March 3, 1873
| rowspan=5 | Republican
| rowspan=5 align=right | James W. Nye
! rowspan=5 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1867.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1869.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1873.
| rowspan=15 nowrap | March 4, 1873 –March 3, 1903
| rowspan=11 | Republican
| rowspan=15 align=right | John P. Jones
! rowspan=15 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 2
| rowspan=3 align=left | William Sharon
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1875 –March 3, 1881
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1875.Retired or lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1879.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 align=left | James Graham Fair
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1881 –March 3, 1887
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1881.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1885.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 4
| rowspan=9 align=left | William Stewart
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=9 nowrap | March 4, 1887 –March 3, 1905
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1887.
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1891.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4 | Silver
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1893.
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | Silver
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1897.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1899.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 6
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Republican
|
| | Republican
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 8
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 27, 1903.
| rowspan=11 nowrap | March 4, 1903 –December 24, 1917
| rowspan=11 | Democratic
| rowspan=11 align=right | Francis G. Newlands
! rowspan=11 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 5
| rowspan=4 align=left | George S. Nixon
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 nowrap | March 4, 1905 –June 5, 1912
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1905.
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 9
| rowspan=6 | Re-elected January 26, 1909.
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 1911.Died.
| rowspan=6 | 8
| rowspan=4
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | June 5, 1912 –July 1, 1912
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 6
| align=left | William A. Massey
| | Republican
| nowrap | July 1, 1912 –January 29, 1913
| Appointed to continue Nixon's term.Lost election to finish Nixon's term.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=17 | 7
| rowspan=17 align=left | Key Pittman
| rowspan=17 | Democratic
| rowspan=17 nowrap | January 29, 1913 –November 10, 1940
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1913 to finish Nixon's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 10
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1914.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1916 to full term.
| rowspan=5 | 9
| rowspan=3
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | December 24, 1917 –January 12, 1918
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Appointed to continue Newlands's term.Elected November 6, 1918 to finish Newlands's term.Lost election to full term.
| rowspan=2 nowrap | January 12, 1918 –March 3, 1921
| rowspan=2 | Democratic
| rowspan=2 align=right | Charles Henderson
! rowspan=2 | 4
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 11
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1920.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1921 –March 3, 1933
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Tasker Oddie
! rowspan=6 | 5
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1922.
| rowspan=3 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1926.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1928.
| rowspan=3 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1932.
| rowspan=16 nowrap | March 4, 1933 –September 28, 1954
| rowspan=16 | Democratic
| rowspan=16 align=right | Pat McCarran
! rowspan=16 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1934.Died, having been elected to the next term.
| rowspan=5 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=6 | 14
| rowspan=6 | Re-elected in 1938.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | November 10, 1940 –November 27, 1940
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=2 | 8
| rowspan=2 align=left | Berkeley L. Bunker
| rowspan=2 | Democratic
| rowspan=2 nowrap | November 27, 1940 –December 6, 1942
| Appointed to finish Pittman's previous term.
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to start Pittman's next term.Lost nomination to finish Pittman's next term.
| rowspan=6 | 13
| rowspan=2
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 9
| rowspan=3 align=left | James G. Scrugham
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | December 7, 1942 –June 23, 1945
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1942 to finish Pittman's term.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 15
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1944.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | June 23, 1945 –July 24, 1945
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 10
| align=left | Edward P. Carville
| | Democratic
| nowrap | July 24, 1945 –January 3, 1947
| Appointed to finish Scrugham's term.Lost nomination to full term.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 11
| rowspan=9 align=left | George W. Malone
| rowspan=9 | Republican
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3, 1947 –January 3, 1959
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1946.
| rowspan=3 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 16
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1950.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=6 | Re-elected in 1952.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=6 | 16
| rowspan=4
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | September 28, 1954 –October 1, 1954
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue McCarran's term.Lost election to finish McCarran's term.
| nowrap | October 1, 1954 –December 1, 1954
| | Republican
| align=right | Ernest S. Brown
! 7
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Elected in 1954 to finish McCarran's term.
| rowspan=11 nowrap | December 2, 1954 –December 17, 1974
| rowspan=11 | Democratic
| rowspan=11 align=right | Alan Bible
! rowspan=11 | 8
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 17
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1956 to full term.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=13 | 12
| rowspan=13 align=left | Howard Cannon
| rowspan=13 | Democratic
| rowspan=13 nowrap | January 3, 1959 –January 3, 1983
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1958.
| rowspan=3 | 17
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 18
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1962.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1964.
| rowspan=3 | 18
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 19
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1968.Retired, then resigned earlyto give successor preferential seniority.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1970.
| rowspan=4 | 19
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed early to finish Bible's term, having already been elected to the next term.
| rowspan=7 nowrap | December 18, 1974 –January 3, 1987
| rowspan=7 | Republican
| rowspan=7 align=right | Paul Laxalt
! rowspan=7 | 9
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 20
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1974.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1976.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 21
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1980.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 align=left | Chic Hecht
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1983 –January 3, 1989
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1982.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 21
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1986.
| rowspan=17 nowrap | January 3, 1987 –January 3, 2017
| rowspan=17 | Democratic
| rowspan=17 align=right | Harry Reid
! rowspan=17 | 10
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 14
| rowspan=6 align=left | Richard Bryan
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1989 –January 3, 2001
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1988.
| rowspan=3 | 22
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 23
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1992.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1994.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 23
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 24
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1998.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 15
| rowspan=6 align=left | John Ensign
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 2001 –May 3, 2011
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2000.
| rowspan=3 | 24
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 25
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2004.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2006.Resigned.
| rowspan=5 | 25
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3
| rowspan=5 | 26
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 2010.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | May 3, 2011 –May 9, 2011
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 16
| rowspan=4 align=left | Dean Heller
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 | May 9, 2011 –January 3, 2019
| Appointed to finish Ensign's term.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2012 to a full term.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 26
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 27
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2016.
| rowspan=3 | January 3, 2017 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | Catherine Cortez Masto
! rowspan=3 | 11
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 17
| rowspan=3 align=left | Jacky Rosen
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 2019 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2018.
| rowspan=3 | 27
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=2 | 28
| rowspan=2 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2024 election.
| 28
|
Living former senators
, there are three living former U.S. senators from Nevada. The most recent and most recently serving senator to die was Harry Reid (served 1987–2017) on December 28, 2021.
Superlatives (top 5)
Longest service
Shortest service
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
See also
United States congressional delegations from Nevada
List of United States representatives from Nevada
References
United States senators
Nevada
The Trail Drive is a 1933 American Western film directed by Alan James and written by Alan James and Nate Gatzert. The film stars Ken Maynard, Cecilia Parker, William Gould, Frank Rice, Bob Kortman and Fern Emmett. The film was released on September 4, 1933, by Universal Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Ken Maynard as Ken Benton
Cecilia Parker as Virginia
William Gould as Honest John
Frank Rice as Thirsty
Bob Kortman as Blake
Fern Emmett as Aunt Martha
Jack Rockwell as The Marshal
Lafe McKee as Jameson
References
External links
1933 films
American Western (genre) films
1933 Western (genre) films
Universal Pictures films
Films directed by Alan James
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Heidrun Gerzymisch (8 May 1944) is a German Translation scholar and emeritus professor at Saarland University in Saarbrücken, where they held the Chair for "English Linguistics and Translation Science" from 1993 to 2009.  They are in 2014 responsible for the international PhD prep school "MuTra" at Saarland University's Graduate from Center GradUS and lectures Translation at the Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW).
Early life and education
Gerzymisch was born in Gusow, near Seelow, Germany. They graduated from the "Institut für Übersetzen und Dolmetschen" (Institute for Translation and Interpreting) of the Heidelberg University in 1969 with the degree as "Diplom-Übersetzer" (M.A. Translation) for English and Spanish with a minor in Economics, following a student internship at RTP, New York (1964) and language studies at the Polytechnic of Central London (1965) and the University of Zaragoza, Spain (1968). They subsequently worked as (certified) free lance translator and interpreter largely in the field of international business & economics.
Career
From 1979 to 1993 Gerzymisch was Lecturer at the "Institut für Übersetzen und Dolmetschen" (Institute for Translation and Interpretation) of the Heidelberg University where they taught Translation seminars and practical (economics) translation courses. In 1986 they received their PhD (Dr. phil.) from Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz-Germersheim with a dissertation on the information structure (theme-rheme analysis) of American business texts (in German).
They held professorships in 1987-1988, 1990 and 1991 at the "Department of Translation and Interpretation" at Monterey Institute of International Studies, Monterey, California, and completed their post-doctoral "Habilitation" in Translation Science at the Heidelberg University in 1992. They held an interim professorship in the area of translation science at the "Institut für Übersetzen und Dolmetschen" at the Heidelberg University in 1993 and then received a tenured appointment to the Chair for English Linguistics and Translation Science of Saarland University which they held until 2009. They were a visiting professor at the Translatology Institute of the Charles University in Prague in 1999, the Institute for Theoretical and Applied Translatology at the University of Graz in 2002, the Institute of Translation and Interpreting at the Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW) since 2008, as well as at the Centre for Translation Studies at the University of Vienna in 2010.
In 1994 Heidrun Gerzymisch founded the Advanced Translation Research Center (ATRC) at Saarland University, and also in 1996 with Saarland foundation "Stiftung zur Förderung des wissenschaftlichen Nachwuchses im Übersetzen und Dolmetschen" ("Foundation for the Promotion of Young Scholars in Translation and Interpreting"). The ATRC organized a series of EU-financed Marie Curie Euroconferences at the Universities in Aarhus, Copenhagen, Prague, Saarbrücken and Vienna between 1999 and 2007. This later led to the founding of the international PhD "prep school" MuTra. In 2010, MuTra became integrated into Saarland University's Graduate from Center GradUS.
Gerzymisch is the chairperson of the EST (European Society for Translation Studies) Young Scholar Prize Committee.
Research
Gerzymisch studies the processes involved in translation. Them research is strongly influenced by the ideas and principles of Heidelberg physicist and linguist Klaus Mudersbach. They developed a translation methodology based on Mudersbach's atomistic-holistic-holatomistic principle, expanding it to include what they call "transparent subjectivity", or individualism into the translation process. Them research topics include: the role of holistic structures in comparison and transfer procedures in translation processes; comparative analyses of common traits and differences in language, knowledge and cultural systems; and the role of writing processes in the translation of audiovisual and hybrid texts.
Gerzymisch has published a number of books and journal articles about decision-making in translation processes, as well as coherence, information structure repetition of ideas in translated work. They have written about the interpretation of culture during the translation process and about the comparison of knowledge systems and discourse preferences. They have lectured and written about the evaluation of translations and about translation of subtitling, audio description and written interpretation of visual works. A collection of articles, edited by Juliane House, Werner Koller and Klaus Schubert, were published in German as Neue Perspektiven in der Übersetzungs- und Dolmetschwissenschaft in 2004, in honor of their 60th birthday.
Personal
Heidrun Gerzymisch has family ties in the USA and Canada and lives in Germany and Switzerland.
Selected works
1987: Zur Thema-Rhema-Gliederung in amerikanischen Wirtschaftsfachtexten. Eine exemplarische Analyse. Tübingen: Narr (Dissertation, in German).
1989 (with Klaus Mudersbach): "Isotopy and Translation". In: Peter W. Krawutschke (Ed.): Translator and Interpreter Training. New York: SUNY (= American Translators Association Scholarly Monograph Series. Vol. III). 147-170. Revised: Gerzymisch-Arbogast (2004): "On the Translatability of Isotopies". In: Antin, F./Koller, W. (Eds.): Les limites du traduisible. In: FORUM. Paris: Presses de la Sorbonne Nouvelle KSCI. Vol. 2 No. 2. 177-197
1996: Termini im Kontext: Verfahren zur Erschließung und Übersetzung der textspezifischen Bedeutung von fachlichen Ausdrücken. Tübingen: Narr. (post-doctoral "Habilitationsschrift", in German). Summary in English: (1994): "Identifying term variants in context: The SYSTEXT approach". In: Snell-Hornby, M./Pöchhacker, F./Kaindl, K. (Eds.): Translation Studies: An Interdiscipline. Amsterdam - Philadelphia: Benjamins (= Benjamins Translation Library. Vol. 2). 279-290.
1998 (with Klaus Mudersbach): Methoden des wissenschaftlichen Übersetzens. Tübingen - Basel: Francke. (in German). Revised, simplified and updated in English 2008 as "Fundamentals of LSP Translation" in: Gerzymisch-Arbogast, Heidrun/Budin, Gerhard/Hofer, Gertrud (Eds.): LSP Translation Scenarios. MuTra Journal 02.
1999: "Kohärenz und Übersetzung: Wissenssysteme, ihre Repräsentation und Konkretisierung in Original und Übersetzung". In: Gerzymisch-Arbogast, Heidrun/Gile, Daniel/House, Juliane/Rothkegel, Annely (Eds.): Wege der Übersetzungs- und Dolmetschforschung. Tübingen: Narr. 77-106. Updated (2007): "Visualisierte Textrepräsentationen und Translation". In: Villiger, Claudia/Gerzymisch-Arbogast, Heidrun (Eds.): Kommunikation in Bewegung. Multimedialer und multilingualer Wissenstransfer in der Experten-Laien-Kommunikation. Frankfurt: Lang. 57-75.
2001: "Equivalence Parameters and Evaluation". In: Lee-Jahnke, Hannelore (Ed.): Évaluation: Paramètres, Méthodes, Aspects Pédagogiques. META Vol. 46, no.2. 227-242.
2003: "Norm and Translation Theory. Some Reflections on its Status, Methodology and Implications." In: Schubert, Klaus (Ed.): Übersetzen und Dolmetschen: Modelle, Methoden, Technologie (= DGÜD Jahrbuch Übersetzen und Dolmetschen Band 4/I). Tübingen: Narr. 47-68.
2005: "That rising corn...ce blé qui lève...die aufgehende Saat... Towards a Common Translation Profile". In: Götz, Katrin/Herbst, Thomas (Eds): Translation and translation theory: uni- or bilateral relationship?. ZAA Zeitschrift für Anglistik und Amerikanistik Würzburg: Königshausen & Neumann. 117-132.
2005 (with Martin Will): "Kulturtransfer oder Voice Over: Informationsstrukturen im gedolmetschten Diskurs". In: Braun, Sabine/Kohn, Kurt (Eds.): Sprache(n) in der Wissensgesellschaft. Proceedings der 34. Jahrestagung der Gesellschaft für Angewandte Linguistik. Frankfurt: Lang.
2007: "Am Anfang war die Leipziger Schule". In: Wotjak, Gert (Ed.): Quo vadis Translatologie? Ein halbes Jahrhundert universitäre Ausbildung von Dolmetschern und Übersetzern in Leipzig. Rückschau, Zwischenbilanz und Perspektiven aus der Außensicht. Berlin: Frank & Timme. 59-78.
2008: Challenges in Multidimensional Translation. Proceedings of the MuTra Conference series 2005 – 2007, ed. by Heidrun Gerzymisch-Arbogast et al.
2011: "Translatorisches Verstehen im Spannungsfeld von Handeln und Reflexion: Akteur- und Betrachterperspektive". In: Pöckl, Wolfgang/Ohnheiser, Ingeborg/Sandrini. Peter (Eds.): Translation. Sprachvariation. Mehrsprachigkeit. Festschrift für Lew Zybatow zum 60. Geburtstag. Frankfurt: Lang. 139-148.
References
External links
Complete publication list of Heidrun Gerzymisch
Deutsche Gesellschaft für Übersetzungs- und Dolmetschwissenschaft
International PhD prep school MuTra
Translation Concepts
ATRC
Article "Fundamentals of LSP Translation"
Website Foundation for the Promotion of Young Scholars in Translation and Interpreting
1944 births
Living people
German translators
German translation scholars
Heidelberg University alumni
Johannes Gutenberg University Mainz alumni
Middlebury College faculty
Saarland University faculty
Kim Clijsters and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, but Clijsters chose not to participate. Sugiyama played alongside Liezel Huber, but they lost in the first round to Shinobu Asagoe and Rika Fujiwara.
Virginia Ruano Pascual and Paola Suárez won the title, defeating Svetlana Kuznetsova and Elena Likhovtseva in the final 6–0, 6–3.
Seeds
Virginia Ruano Pascual / Paola Suárez (champions)
Svetlana Kuznetsova / Elena Likhovtseva (finals)
Liezel Huber / Ai Sugiyama (first round)
Nadia Petrova / Meghann Shaughnessy (quarterfinals)
Martina Navratilova / Lisa Raymond (semifinals)
Cara Black / Rennae Stubbs (third round)
Janette Husárová / Conchita Martínez (quarterfinals)
María Vento-Kabchi / Angelique Widjaja (first round)
Marion Bartoli / Émilie Loit (second round)
Li Ting / Sun Tiantian (second round)
Anastasia Myskina / Vera Zvonareva (third round)
Alicia Molik / Magüi Serna (first round)
Els Callens / Meilen Tu (second round)
Myriam Casanova / Patricia Wartusch (second round)
Silvia Farina Elia / Francesca Schiavone (quarterfinals)
Barbara Schett / Patty Schnyder (third round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
External links
WTA Draw
2004 French Open – Women's draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Women's Doubles
French Open by year – Women's doubles
2004 in women's tennis
2004 in French women's sport
August Strindberg's Little Catechism for the Underclass (Swedish: August Strindbergs lilla katekes för underklassen) is a catechism written by August Strindberg.
External links
August Strindbergs Lilla katekes för Underklassen (In Swedish) - online
References
August strindbergs lilla katerkes för underklassen, Karneval förlag
Bohman. Förord till August Strindbergs lilla katekes för underklassen, Karneval förlag, andra tryckningen
August Strindberg
Swedish literature
Critique of political economy
Falling for Challenge () is a web drama created by Samsung company. The drama stars South Korean actor Kim So-eun and Exo's Xiu Min. The web drama became the most watched web drama in 2015 with 21,124,965 views. "Falling for Challenge" is one of the most watched web drama ever with over 24 million views.
Plot
Na Do-jeon is a timid but bright boy who works part-time as a Pierrot because they genuinely love making people laugh. Ban Ha-na is a girl dreaming of having their own food truck and developing a food truck app. The two incidentally run into each other and slowly form a relationship over subsequent meetings. This is the story of their single-handed fight to prevent the closure of the "One Plus One" hobby club where they fell in love.
Cast
Xiumin as Na Do-jeon
Kim So-eun as Ban Ha-na
Jang Hee-ryung as Ki Yeo-woon
Jang Yoo-sang as Nam Gong-dae
Park In-hwan as Landlord grandpa (Ep. 6)
Original soundtracks
Falling For Challenge OST Part 1
Falling For Challenge OST Part 2
Falling For Challenge OST Part 3
Falling For Challenge OST Part 4
Falling For Challenge OST Part 5
Chart performance
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Naver TV Cast
Daum Movie
2015 web series debuts
2015 web series endings
South Korean drama web series
Naver TV original programming
Aliabad-e Kharabeh (, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād-e Kharābeh; also known as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Karimabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 12 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
A Touch of the Sun is a 1958 play by the British writer N.C. Hunter
It premiered at the Grand Theatre in Blackpool before moving to the West End, initially at the Saville Theatre before transferring to the Princes Theatre. Its original run lasted for 202 performances between 31 January and 26 July 1958. The cast included Michael Redgrave, Diana Wynyard, Vanessa Redgrave and Ronald Squire Michael Redgrave won the Best Actor award at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards.
References
Bibliography
Wearing, J.P. The London Stage 1950-1959: A Calendar of Productions, Performers, and Personnel. Rowman & Littlefield, 2014.
1958 plays
West End plays
Plays by N.C. Hunter
Joseph David Day (born 13 August 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Newport County.
Career
Rushden & Diamonds
Day began their career with Crystal Palace before joining Rushden & Diamonds in 2007. After spending time out on loan at Harrow Borough Day established themselves in the Rushden & Diamonds first team.
Peterborough United
Day joined Peterborough United in April 2011. They spent most of the 2011–12 season on loan at Alfreton Town. They made their Football League debut for Peterborough United on 18 January 2014 in a 3–0 win against Tranmere Rovers.
On 28 August 2014, Day joined League Two Newport County on a one-month loan, making their debut versus Portsmouth on 30 August 2014. Following some impressive displays the loan period was subsequently extended to 28 November 2014.
Newport County
On 29 December 2014, Newport County announced that they had agreed a full transfer with Peterborough United for Day for an undisclosed record transfer for the Welsh club with Day being contracted until the end of the 2016–17 season. Day was part of the Newport squad that completed the 'Great Escape' with a 2–1 victory at home to Notts County on the final day of the 2016–17 season, which ensured Newport's survival in League Two. On the 18 May 2017 Day signed a two-year contract to remain with Newport.
On 5 February 2019, whilst they were playing in a 2–0 FA Cup fourth round victory against Championship club Middlesbrough, Day's wife gave birth to twin daughters. Day said they knew that their waters had broken before the game, but they did not know they had given birth until after the match ended.
They were part of the team that reached the League Two playoff final at Wembley Stadium on 25 May 2019. Newport lost to Tranmere Rovers, 1-0 after a goal in the 119th minute.
Cardiff City
On 27 June 2019, Day signed a two-year deal with Cardiff City on a free transfer following the expiry of their contract at Newport. They made their debut on the opening day of the season in a 3–2 defeat to Wigan Athletic as a substitute in place of Neil Etheridge.
Day joined League One team AFC Wimbledon on a six-month loan deal on 28 January 2020. They made their Wimbledon debut against Accrington Stanley on 1 February 2020.
On 4 January 2021, Day joined League One side Bristol Rovers on loan until the end of the 2020–21 season. Day made their debut that weekend in a 3–2 FA Cup third round defeat to Sheffield United. Although Day made a number of good saves, they were unlucky when a header they tipped onto the bar came back down, hitting Day and going in, this own goal opening the scoring for the Premier League side.
Day was released by Cardiff City at the end of their contract at the end of the 2020-21 season.
Newport County return
On 11 June 2021, Day returned to former club Newport County, signing a three-year contract two years after they had left the club to join Cardiff City. They made their third debut for Newport on 7 August 2021 in the starting line-up for the 1-0 League Two wins against Oldham Athletic.
Career statistics
Honours
Peterborough United
Football League Trophy: 2013–14
Individual
EFL League Two Player of the Month: April 2019
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Footballers from Brighton
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Peterborough United F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Isthmian League players
Southern Football League players
Rushden & Diamonds F.C. players
Brackley Town F.C. players
Harrow Borough F.C. players
Alfreton Town F.C. players
Eastbourne Borough F.C. players
Newport County A.F.C. players
Cardiff City F.C. players
AFC Wimbledon players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
The Pescadores Channel () is the body of water that separates the Pescadores Islands from Taiwan island and links the Taiwan Strait to the northeastern South China Sea. The channel has been considered narrow and potentially difficult to navigate in monsoon season.
See also
Penghu 1
References
Straits of Taiwan
Daniel González Güiza (; born 17 August 1980) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for UD Algaida.
A late bloomer, they made a name for themselves at the age of 27, being crowned La Liga top scorer with Mallorca. Subsequently, they helped the Spain national team win Euro 2008, and signed with Fenerbahçe in Turkey shortly afterwards.
Over eight seasons, Güiza amassed Spanish top division totals of 141 matches and 52 goals, mainly with Mallorca and Getafe. Throughout their career, they played in three continents.
Club career
Early years
Having started playing on the streets of their hometown of Jerez de la Frontera in Cádiz, Güiza used to hide behind trees in an attempt to avoid the running, despite being then coached by boyhood idol Kiko, who begun their professional career with local Cádiz CF. They eventually made it into their local club Xerez CD and, after one season there, first showed their eye for goal at Segunda División B side Dos Hermanas CF, loaned immediately after RCD Mallorca bought him. Such performances saw them make their debut in La Liga for the latter at the age of 19, but they would fail to perform, being relegated to the reserves.
Güiza was then loaned out to Recreativo de Huelva, but could not find a secure place in the team, and moved soon after to FC Barcelona B, also on loan. Subsequently, they joined Ciudad de Murcia of the Segunda División, where their career saw a turning point with two consecutive top-five finishes in the top scorers' list (runner-up in the 2004–05 season).
Getafe
This impressed Bernd Schuster enough to sign Güiza for Getafe CF in the summer of 2005. They were an instant first-choice at their new team and became recognised as a top flight striker, scoring 27 goals in 70 competitive games – seven in nine Copa del Rey appearances – while the team from the Madrid outskirts achieved back-to-back ninth-league places.
The club's president, Ángel Torres, described them as "the best finisher in the first division after Ronaldo". On 10 May 2007, they were one of three players on target in a 4–0 home defeat of FC Barcelona for the semi-finals of the Copa del Rey, which meant qualification for the decisive match for the first time ever after a 6–5 aggregate win.
Mallorca
After four years, Güiza returned to Mallorca in a €5 million move, brokered by their wife and agent Nuria Bermúdez, experiencing a breakthrough season. On 20 April 2008 they scored a hat-trick against Real Murcia, and finished the campaign as the league's top scorer by scoring 27 goals in 37 matches, a feat achieved without a single penalty kick.
Club coach Gregorio Manzano said: "In 24 years of coaching I've never had the winner of the Pichichi in my team. Dani is the top goalscorer in our league, and deserves extra credit for doing it without taking penalties, and they are also worthy of selection to Euro 2008".
Fenerbahçe
On 8 July 2008, Güiza joined Turkish club Fenerbahçe SK for €14 million. They managed to score twice in the Süper Lig in their first month, adding another two in the team's run in the UEFA Champions League.
Güiza ended a long scoring drought on 22 March 2009 with an early goal against Bursaspor, as Fenerbahçe lost 2–1 in the dying minutes of the game. Prior to the beginning of 2009–10 they put three past Budapest Honvéd FC in the third qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League, in a 5–1 home win (6–2 on aggregate), netting their first in the domestic competition in matchday one against Denizlispor, in the first minute of the game.
In their first two seasons in Istanbul, Güiza helped the team to consecutive Turkish Cup finals, netting in the 2008–09 edition in a 4–2 loss to Beşiktaş JK.
Return to Getafe
On 18 August 2011, one day after their 31st birthday, Güiza moved to former club Getafe for €6 million, agreeing to a three-year contract shortly after. They were regularly played in the first season in their second spell, starting in 15 of their appearances, but failed to reproduce their previous form and scored just three goals.
On 6 November 2012, Güiza signed for Malaysia Super League side Johor Darul Ta'zim F.C. on a season-long loan. Their move, along with the acquisition of former S.S. Lazio winger Simone Del Nero and seven Malaysian internationals, was part of the club's major restructuring plans upon the appointment of Tunku Ismail Idris, the Crown Prince of Johor, as president; based on past achievements and honours the player, at the time of their signing, was arguably the most prolific footballer to have competed in the league.
Güiza made their first competitive appearance and league debut for their new team on 8 January 2013, in an opening day away game against Pahang FA: despite a 2–3 defeat, they provided the assists for both of their side's goals. They scored their first competitive goal on 15 January in an away game against treble-winners Kelantan FA, with an expertly curled free kick from 25 yards out as the game ended 1–1. Three days later, they netted from open play in a home fixture against 2012 Malaysia Cup runners-up ATM FA, with a volleyed lob from the edge of the penalty area in an eventual 2–2 draw.
Güiza played their last match for Johor Darul Takzim on 6 April 2013 in a 2–1 loss against Selangor FA in the FA Cup, after their loan was ended prematurely. Both they and Del Nero left the club.
In July 2013, Güiza joined Cerro Porteño on loan; their signing was initially criticised by the Paraguayan press. They made their debut on 14 September of that year as a 69th-minute substitute against Sportivo Carapeguá, scoring four minutes later in a 4–0 home win as the team went on to win their 30th Paraguayan Primera División title.
Güiza also featured in the following year's Copa Libertadores, netting three times to help to progress from the group stage and leading to interest from other clubs, to which they responded: "My heart is here, from day one they have shown me affection, my heart is what drives me, so I'm staying here". However, new manager Leonardo Astrada did not have the player in their plans, which led to their release in March 2015 despite having a contract running until June; they also cited the poor health of their father as one of the main reasons for their departure.
During their spell at the Estadio General Pablo Rojas, Güiza scored 20 goals from 59 competitive appearances. Years after leaving, they were offered a deal at Cerro's rivals Olimpia Asunción, but rejected the offer.
Cádiz
In August 2015, Güiza returned to their native Andalusia, signing for Cádiz. Their arrival drew the ire of fans, due to disparaging remarks they had made about the club a decade ago while playing for local rivals Xerez.
On 26 June 2016, Güiza scored the only goal at Hércules CF in the second leg of the play-off finals (2–0 on aggregate), helping the team return to the second division after six years. On 4 July of the following year, after appearing sparingly during the season, they left.
Atlético Sanluqueño
On 10 July 2017, the 37-year-old Güiza signed a two-year contract for Atlético Sanluqueño CF, recently relegated to Tercera División. They achieved promotion to the third tier via the playoffs in their first season, having earlier become one of the few players to score in all of Spain's top four divisions.
Güiza remained in Sanlúcar de Barrameda for the ensuing seasons, agreeing to new one-year deals in June 2019 and May 2020, while their game time and goals decreased. On 3 January 2021, the 40-year-old scored their first goal of the campaign to secure a 2–1 win at Cádiz CF B, after which they asked for forgiveness from their former club.
In August 2022, Güiza left Sanluqueño. Shortly after, they joined amateurs UD Algaida.
International career
Güiza was a late bloomer on the international stage, having been first called up by Spain on 8 November 2007 (aged 27) for UEFA Euro 2008 qualifiers against Sweden and Northern Ireland, as the national team was already qualified for the finals in Austria and Switzerland. They made their international debut against the latter on 21 November, in a 1–0 home win in Las Palmas.
Güiza was subsequently selected to the final squad of 23 but, despite being the league's top scorer in that year, still doubted their chances of being picked: "I was really scared I'd miss out, because being the league's top scorer doesn't guarantee you a place". On 18 June 2008 they made their debut in the tournament, and scored Spain's winning goal against Greece during the dying moments of the last match group stage match. In the quarter-finals they came on as a substitute against Italy, missing the team's fourth attempt in an eventual penalty shootout win.
In the semi-final match against Russia, Güiza netted their second international goal, in a 3–0 win: after receiving a pass from Cesc Fàbregas, they quickly side-flicked it over the goalkeeper. They played 15 minutes in the final against Germany after replacing Fernando Torres (who scored the game's only goal), and came very close to assisting Marcos Senna.
On 15 October 2008, Güiza came on as a late substitute against Belgium, and soon after assisted David Villa who scored the winning goal in a close 2–1 contest for the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
After an article circulated in January 2009 involving details about personal life and behaviour in training, Güiza's international career future was questioned. Such reports on their behaviour became debatable due to the unreliable sources and any rumours of them being dropped from the Spain team were put to rest when Vicente del Bosque called them up for their services for the 2010 World Cup qualification matches against Turkey, where they solidified their superb performance against Belgium, once again coming on in the dying minutes and assisting a last-minute winner during the match held in Istanbul.
On 1 June 2009, Güiza was selected to the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup. On the 28th they came from the bench as the national team trailed hosts South Africa (0–1) in the third-place match, and responded with a spectacular brace in the last two minutes as Spain eventually won the game in extra-time (3–2).
Güiza also played for the Andalusia autonomous team on 27 December 2006, scoring twice in a 3–1 win over a combined Israel–Palestine side at the Estadio de La Cartuja in Seville.
Personal life
Güiza was born to a humble family. They spent their childhood in the working class neighbourhood of La Liberación, in the south side of Jerez de la Frontera.
Güiza suffered a divorce from their first wife Rocío with whom they had their first child, which gained a lot of publicity in the Spanish press. Furthermore, they admitted that "the night confuses me" and, after joining Getafe, they started to take advantage of the night life in Madrid, suffering a stomach infection as a result and subsequently being forced to go on a diet consisting of liquids alone.
During their time at Getafe, Güiza met Nuria Bermúdez. They sat for the qualifications to become an official FIFA football agent, which they passed scoring 29 points, just five below the top and went on to become Güiza's agent. They also obtained the highest score for a female football agent in Spain.
Speaking of their relationship with the model, Getafe coach Schuster said: "Ever since Dani's been with Nuria, they turn up to training and it doesn't look like he's slept under a bridge". On 1 December 2007, Bermúdez gave birth to Güiza's second son, also named Daniel, at Policlínica Miramar in Palma, Majorca.
Before Euro 2008, Güiza promised the media that if they were to win the competition, they would then propose to Bermúdez. In January 2009, the Spanish media began to publicise problems between their family and Bermúdez, with their mother apparently threatening to slit Bermúdez's throat for being a "thief". Bermúdez then left Turkey with son Daniel, amongst claims the latter was ignored by the father.
Güiza's ex-wife, Rocío Aranda, revealed that the two had met up just hours before the start of the match between England and Spain on 11 February 2009. According to Aranda, they met up in the hotel bar and went on to have sexual intercourse in one of the bedrooms. Subsequently, it was rumoured that Spain coach Del Bosque would drop them from the team. Güiza spoke against this in an interview with Marca saying: "The truth is, I hadn't seen my son in a while so I went to see them in the hotel, I have to take advantage of such opportunities to see my children. To make money, they [his ex-wife] makes up stories. I spoke with Hierro and I explained the situation. I told them that I had to see my son and I wanted to be with him. I explained everything. I tried my best to be with my son and the truth is the whole story has not come out well in the press."
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Spain's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Güiza goal.
Honours
Fenerbahçe
Süper Lig: 2010–11
Turkish Super Cup: 2009
Cerro Porteño
Paraguayan Primera División: Clausura 2013
Spain
UEFA European Championship: 2008
Individual
Pichichi Trophy: 2007–08
Zarra Trophy: 2007–08
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Spanish Romani people
Romani sportspeople
Spanish footballers
Footballers from Jerez de la Frontera
Association football forwards
La Liga players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Primera Federación players
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol players
Xerez CD footballers
RCD Mallorca B players
RCD Mallorca players
Atlético Dos Hermanas CF players
Recreativo de Huelva players
FC Barcelona Atlètic players
Ciudad de Murcia footballers
Getafe CF footballers
Cádiz CF players
Atlético Sanluqueño CF players
Süper Lig players
Fenerbahçe S.K. footballers
Malaysia Super League players
Johor Darul Ta'zim F.C. players
Paraguayan Primera División players
Cerro Porteño players
Spain international footballers
UEFA Euro 2008 players
2009 FIFA Confederations Cup players
UEFA European Championship-winning players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Malaysia
Expatriate footballers in Paraguay
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Malaysia
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Paraguay
Pichichi Trophy winners
Youngers is a British comedy drama series created by Benjamin Kuffuor and Levi David Addai. It began airing on E4 on 20 March 2013. It is produced by Big Talk Productions.
The series has been picked up for international distribution by BBC Worldwide.
Premise
The series follows a group of south-east London teenagers aiming to become the next big thing on the urban music scene. It opens with Yemi (Ade Oyefeso) and Jay (Calvin Demba) on their way to school to collect their GCSE results. After collecting the results, Yemi finds out they have had straight A's, whilst Jay receives poor grades. Jay then receives a leaflet about a local music competition, and pays to go and perform at the competition. At the reception, a grumpy receptionist soon enlists them as 'youngers', on the performers sheet. They deliver an excellent performance, and slowly, rise to the top of the music charts. Yemi adds their secret-crush Davina to their group, who loves Jay. Getting managed by their good friend Ash, the Youngers slowly make their way to the top of the music charts in London, however, the higher they get, more problems emerge. Slowly, the group starts to fade away, as Jay and Davina get into a secret relationship to hide things from Yemi.
Production and cast
The series was greenlit for an eight episode order in August 2012. Producer Luke Alkin said in an interview that the series is inspired by the mainstream success of British urban music, citing artists such as Dizzee Rascal and Tinie Tempah as models for the lead characters of Jay and Yemi. Well respected UK composer Aiden Hogarth aka S.K.I.T.Z Beatz was brought in to create the original soundtrack.
There was an open casting call in early 2012 for the lead roles of Jay and Yemi, where over 350 actors were seen. To audition, it was required that the actors have some rap or musical background. After Ade Oyefeso and Calvin Demba were starred, the series was filmed between September and November in Peckham. The final cast was made up of predominantly new talent including YouTube act and Brit School graduates Mandem on the Wall.
Broadcast
The series was declared a 'hit' after a 450,000 viewer turns out for the first episode. E4 have said, "Youngers has been a huge success, but we have to let time tell the tale from here, as the following episodes will have to be even better for it to continue." On 27 June 2013 it was announced by Morgan Jeffery on the Digital Spy Website that E4 have ordered a second series for Youngers. It was broadcast some in June 2014 with 8 new episodes with Calvin Demba, Ade Oyefeso and Shavani Seth returning, also YouTube sensation Mandem on the Wall.
Episodes
Season 1
Season 2
References
External links
What's Good? Online | Interview with Shavani Seth
2013 British television series debuts
2014 British television series endings
English-language television shows
Television shows set in London
British comedy-drama television shows
Television series about teenagers
Television series by Big Talk Productions
Television series by ITV Studios
Jacqueline Anne Gillott (24 September 1939 – 19 September 1980) was an English novelist and broadcaster. They were one of Britain's first female television reporters.
Life and career
Born in Bromley, Kent, Gillott attended University College London. They worked as a journalist for a provincial newspaper before starting a television career with Independent Television News. They later presented programmes on the BBC, including early editions of the Film Show. They also wrote five successful novels between 1968 and 1979.
Personal life and death
Gillott was married to the television producer John Percival, and they had two sons. They moved to a small farm in Somerset in 1972 to live as near as possible to self-sufficiency; they wrote about their experiences in a book, Providence Place (1977).
After suffering from depression and marital troubles, Gillott took their own life at their cottage in Pitcombe, Somerset on 24 September 1980. They were 40 years old.
After their death, Gillott and Percival's friend and neighbour John Fowles described them as "a brittle, sexy, faintly raucous persona always", but noted that underneath there was somebody "ugly, confused, uncertain – all that they didn't sound on TV or radio".
Books
Salvage 1968
War Baby 1971
For Better, for Worse: Marriage and the Family 1971 (non-fiction)
A True Romance 1976
Crying Out Loud 1976
Providence Place: Animals in a Landscape 1977 (non-fiction)
The Head Case 1979
Intimate Relations and Other Stories 1980
Gillott's journalism included the posthumously published memoir "Twelfth Man", a contribution to Michael Meyer's cricket anthology Summer Days (1981), in which they wrote: "I have cricket to thank for the healing knowledge that nothing in this world lacks a comic profile and that it is more pleasurable to laugh in company than it is to laugh alone. Thus armoured, one can overcome the hurt and disappointment of many a thing ..."
References
External links
1939 births
1980 deaths
People from Bromley
Alumni of University College London
English women novelists
20th-century English novelists
English television presenters
Drug-related suicides in England
20th-century English women writers
1980 suicides
A sand wedge, or sand iron, is a type of golf club, an open-faced wedge primarily designed for getting out of sand bunkers. It has the widest sole of any wedge, which provides the greatest amount of bounce, allowing the club head to glide through sand and avoid digging in. After Gene Sarazen had success in 1932 with a new club that they had invented for sand play, its popularity quickly grew. The club can be advantageous in other soft lies—such as thick rough, soggy ground, or mud—and is also used from firmer grass lies for lobs or chips.
History
Clubs with the loft of the sand wedge can be traced as far back as Young Tom Morris, who used a "rut iron" for play from troublesome lies. Such irons were, however, traditional in construction, without the wider, heavier sole featured on the modern sand wedge.
Gene Sarazen began to win tournaments in 1932 with a new club they had invented that was specialized for sand play.  They are hailed as the inventor of the sand wedge, though its history goes about 4 years further back than that. Spoon clubs offered varying degrees of loft and allowed players to scoop their ball out of sand traps and deep rough. As manufacturers became more and more innovative with club design, new types of wedges appeared. Some had concave faces, others featured deeply grooved faces, but not all of these designs conformed to USGA and R&A regulations, and many were banned. With the concave-faced wedge having been outlawed in 1931, Sarazen designed their sand wedge with a straight face. Another modification that they made was to add extra lead to the front edge of the club face, allowing it to cut through the sand more smoothly. After they won the 1932 British and U.S. Opens with the help of their new club, its popularity vastly grew.
Design
The modern sand wedge is often the heaviest iron in a player's bag, with most weighing nearly . Traditionally it also had the highest loft at 56 degrees (55–56 being most common), although that distinction now goes to the lob wedge, which often has a loft of 60 degrees or more. It usually has one of the shortest shafts, between and , though in some sets the sand wedge has a longer shaft than the pitching wedge.
Bounce
The main distinguishing difference of the club from most others, however, is a feature called bounce. On most other irons, the sole of the club is perpendicular to the shaft, meaning it is roughly parallel to the ground when the club is at rest, allowing the leading edge to get between the ball and the ground more easily. A sand wedge however is designed with the sole of the club at an angle to the ground in the same position, lifting the leading edge of the club off the ground. This design accomplishes three things:First, this design generally requires more material, which increases the weight of the club head for more momentum and places that weight low and forward in the club head for higher launches.Second, the angled sole lifts the leading edge off the ground at the bottom of the swing, preventing the club from digging in to softer lies—e.g., sand, muddy ground, and thick grass—instead tending to skim over the surface. This in turn allows players more flexibility when addressing the ball; the player can line the ball up in the centre of their stance and take a normal swing in which the club will skim over the turf before contact with the ball, or alternatively they can move the ball rearward in their stance (towards the right foot for a right-handed player) and strike the ball earlier in the swing. The natural consequence of such a correctly executed shot is that the club face has less loft at contact, so the ball is launched at a lower angle for more distance. Without bounce, such a shot will generally cause the club to dig into the ground after it contacts the ball, even if executed correctly. With such a high-lofted club, the player is prevented from following through on their swing and can be injured.Lastly, when playing from a bunker, the ball may have buried itself deeply into the sand (depending on the sand's consistency and the degree of impact, the ball may be completely submerged). To lift it out, the club head must contact the ball from underneath, meaning the leading edge of the club must sometimes be under the surface of the sand at contact. The angle of the sole counteracts the natural downward pressure of the club face digging itself ever deeper into the sand, making it easier to swing the club down under the surface of the sand and then lift the club—and the ball—back out again.Other clubs, especially short irons and other wedges, now incorporate a small degree of bounce to assist in plays from the rough or other soft lies, but the sand wedge will typically have the highest amount of bounce of any club in a player's bag. There are however exceptions; Callaway Golf for instance markets a "Big Bertha" line of irons in which the lob wedge has significantly higher bounce than the sand wedge.
Usage
As its name suggests, a sand wedge is used most often to extract the ball from a sand bunker. However, the features which make it useful for this purpose are advantageous in other soft lies such as thick rough, soggy ground, or mud. It's also used from firmer grass lies for lobs or chips, generally onto the green. It can also be used as any other short iron would; with a full swing, a skilled golfer can typically hit a sand wedge between . Tour players often use a lob wedge (60° wedge) to get out of bunkers with controlled trajectory and much spin.
References
Golf clubs
Golf terminology
de:Golfschläger#Sand Wedge
Oak Grove Cemetery, established on January 18, 1856 is a cemetery located in Jerseyville, Illinois, in the northeastern portion of the city. Originally, were purchased for the cemetery's use. Today, the cemetery covers forty-seven acres.
Notable burials
Larry Chappell - former Major League Baseball player
Anthony L. Knapp - U.S. Representative from Illinois
Robert M. Knapp - U.S. Representative from Illinois
References
Cemeteries in Illinois
Protected areas of Jersey County, Illinois
Jerseyville, Illinois
1856 establishments in Illinois
The round-tailed manakin (Ceratopipra chloromeros) is a species of bird in the family Pipridae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
round-tailed manakin
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Yungas
round-tailed manakin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mark Vishik started their seminar at Moscow State University in the spring of 1961,
at the suggestion of I. M. Gelfand.
The seminar ran on Mondays in Room 13-06 of the main building of Moscow State University, starting at 18:00 (initially at 16:00) and lasting for several hours.
It featured talks of many world class mathematicians from Russia, France, and other countries.
Traditionally, the speakers of the seminars were guests at M. I. Vishik's apartment on the Sunday night, before the seminar.
The seminar ran for more than 50 years, until Mark Vishik's death in June 2012.
Mark Iosifovich considered this seminar one of the main achievements of their life.
This seminar collected the color of the mathematical community, and speaking at its meetings was considered a great honour.
Talks during the last, 2011–2012 academic year
See also
Séminaire Nicolas Bourbaki
French mathematical seminars
References
External links
Mark Vishik's seminar
Moscow State University
Mathematics conferences
Max von Gerlach (born Max Stork Gerlach; October 12, 1885 – October 18, 1958) was an acquaintance of American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald in New York. Gerlach was an officer in the American Expeditionary Forces during World War I who became a gentleman bootlegger and lived like a millionaire in New York. Flaunting their wealth as a bootlegger, Gerlach threw lavish parties, never wore the same shirt twice, used the phrase "old sport", claimed to be educated at Oxford University, and fostered myths about himself; including that they were a relation of the German Kaiser. These details about Gerlach inspired Fitzgerald in their creation of Jay Gatsby, the titular character of The Great Gatsby.
Biography
Early life and military service
According to research by scholar Horst Kruse, Gerlach was presumably born in or near Berlin, Germany, in 1885. Their father was Ferdinand Gerlach, a secretary to Frederick III in the Ministry of the Royal House of Hohenzollern. Their father later died in 1887 or 1888 while serving in Royal Prussian Army. After their father's death, their mother Elizabeth Gerlach remarried to a merchant. In 1894, Max, their mother, and their step-father immigrated to the United States and settled in Yonkers, New York. In 1900, a fifteen-year-old Gerlach worked on a motorboat as a machinist where they traveled to Mexico. They later worked as a mechanic and car salesperson in Cuba and other locales. By 1910, a 25-year-old Max had returned to the United States and become a merchant on Second Avenue in Manhattan.
In 1918, following the United States' entrance into World War I, Gerlach applied for a major's commission in the Ordinance Department of the United States Army. Although they applied to be a major, they were commissioned as a first lieutenant and managed military logistics for the American Expeditionary Forces while stationed in Hoboken, New Jersey. After the armistice with Imperial Germany, Gerlach was honorably discharged. Immediately after their discharge, Gerlach began traveling between Cuba and the United States during which time they likely became involved in illegally importing alcohol during Prohibition. They soon became a gentleman bootlegger who lived like a millionaire in New York.
Bootlegging and meeting Fitzgerald
While Gerlach was involved in bootlegging in New York, they met writer F. Scott Fitzgerald. Both the author's wife Zelda Fitzgerald and their friend Edmund Wilson stated that Max Gerlach was a neighbor. Despite this claim, scholars are uncertain where the two met and have yet to find surviving property records for a Long Island estate with Gerlach's name. However, there are likely "gaps in the record of their addresses", and an accurate reconstruction of Gerlach's life is hindered "by the imperfect state of relevant documentation".
In their interactions with Fitzgerald, Gerlach claimed to have been born in the United States to a German immigrant family. Flaunting their new wealth, Gerlach threw lavish parties, never wore the same shirt twice, used the phrase "old sport", claimed to be educated at Oxford University, and fostered myths about himself, including that they were a relation of the German Kaiser. These details would inspire Fitzgerald in creating their next work, The Great Gatsby.
Loss of wealth and suicide attempt
In Summer 1927, Gerlach was arrested and charged with violating the Volstead Act by selling alcohol. The outcome of the case is unknown, but they later appeared in records at a prestigious address on 22 East 38th Street. With the end of prohibition and the onset of the Great Depression, Gerlach lost their immense wealth. Living in reduced circumstances, they attempted suicide by shooting themselves in the head in 1939. Blinded after their suicide attempt, they lived as a helpless invalid for many years.
Final years and death
Following the popular success of The Great Gatsby, a blind Gerlach attempted to contact Fitzgerald's first biographer Arthur Mizener in 1951. They attempted to communicate to Mizener that they had partly inspired the character of Jay Gatsby. However, Mizener believed that Jay Gatsby was an entirely fictional character and declined to speak with Gerlach. Gerlach died on October 18, 1958, at Bellevue Hospital in New York City. They were buried in a pine casket at Long Island National Cemetery.
Following Gerlach's death, later Fitzgerald scholars discovered correspondence between Gerlach and Fitzgerald. In one letter, Gerlach had written, "How are you and the family, old sport?" Further claims made by Zelda Sayre and Fitzgerald's friend Edmund Wilson bolstered the claim that Gerlach had primarily inspired the fictional character, including a statement by Wilson that Fitzgerald had visited Gerlach's home and had been impressed by its splendor. Several years before their death, Zelda stated "that Gatsby was based on 'a neighbor named Von Guerlach or something who was said to be General Pershing's nephew and was in trouble over bootlegging'".
References
Notes
Citations
Works cited
1885 births
1958 deaths
American gangsters of German descent
Bootleggers
The Great Gatsby
German emigrants to the United States
People from Berlin
United States Army officers
United States Army personnel of World War I
Year of birth unknown
