This is a chronological list of commanders of the International Space Station. A pre-decided inhabitant of the ISS assumes command upon departure of the previous commander, at the end of an expedition, in a small hand-over ceremony. Their responsibility is defined by the ISS Code of Conduct, which states that the ISS commander has some authority over the operations of the ISS, but should ultimately defer most decisions to the Flight Director.
The commander keeps a symbolic key of the station with them during their tenure, that is, a copy of the handle opening the hatches to the Russian segment. It is passed on to a new astronaut when they replace the existing commander as the new station commander.
Continued international collaboration on ISS missions has been thrown into doubt by the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine and related sanctions on Russia.
Responsibilities
Conduct operations in or on the ISS as directed by the Flight Director and in accordance with the Flight Rules, plans and procedures
Direct the activities of the ISS crewmembers as a single, integrated team to ensure the successful completion of the mission
Fully and accurately inform the Flight Director, in a timely manner, of the ISS vehicle configuration, status, commanding, and other operational activities on-board (including off-nominal or emergency situations)
Enforce procedures for the physical and information security of operations and utilization data
Maintain order
Ensure crew safety, health and well-being including crew rescue and return
Take all reasonable action necessary for the protection of the ISS elements, equipment, or payloads
List
Statistics
A Russian national has commanded the station 30 times.
A US national has commanded the station 28 times including the current one.
A Japanese and Italian nationals have commanded the station 2 times.
Belgian, British, Canadian, German and French nationals have commanded the station once each.
Gennady Padalka has commanded the station on 4 separate occasions, more than any other inhabitant.
Fyodor Yurchikhin has commanded the station thrice. Scott Kelly, Oleg Kononenko, Oleg Kotov, Anton Shkaplerov, Pavel Vinogradov, Peggy Whitson and Jeffrey Williams have commanded the station twice each.
See also
List of International Space Station expeditions
List of human spaceflights to the International Space Station
List of Soyuz missions
Uncrewed spaceflights to the International Space Station
List of Mir expeditions
References
Footnotes
International Space Station commanders
Chad Bromley (born March 8, 1979), better known by their stage name Apathy (formerly "The Alien Tongue"), is a rapper and producer from Willimantic, Connecticut.
Their first major release was their debut album; Eastern Philosophy in March 2006 with guest appearances from Celph Titled, Ryu, and Blue Raspberry. Their second album Wanna Snuggle? was released in 2009 and their third studio album Honkey Kong was released in 2011, both to critical acclaim. Their fourth studio album, Connecticut Casual was released on June 3, 2014 and reached #41 in the R&B/Hip Hop Albums charts.
Apathy is known for their frequent collaborations with other MCs and groups such as Demigodz, Celph Titled, Doe Rakers, Jedi Mind Tricks, Army of the Pharaohs, Styles of Beyond, and the Get Busy Committee.
Biography
Early career
In 2001 Bromley joined Demigodz, a local rap collective that included Celph Titled, 7L & Esoteric, EL Fudge, Louis Logic and others. In the period 2000 to 2002 they released a number of solo singles that included “Compatible”, “Just Begun”, “School”, and “Ain't Nuttin' Nice" released through Bronx Science Records. Bromley made their album debut when they appeared on the Jedi Mind Tricks album The Psycho Social in 1997. They featured on the tracks "The Three Immortals", "Omnicron" and "The Apostle's Creed". By mid-1997, the Demigodz collective fractured and Apathy together with producer Open Mic self-released the Sureshot Affair EP in 1998. They continued to collaborate under the Demigodz moniker and released The Godz Must Be Crazy EP in 2002 on Ill Boogie Records. The two-disc It's the Bootleg, Muthafuckas! Vol. 1 was released in 2003 and collected the earlier Demigodz material, while in 2004 Where's Your Album?!! brought together some of the previously released solo releases. Both appeared on the Demigodz label. After this second EP, Bromley signed on to Atlantic Records, but left the label in 2009 due to creative disagreements.
2006–2011
As a solo artist now, Bromley released the album, Eastern Philosophy, in March 2006 through Babygrande Records.
Apathy also became a member of Army of the Pharaohs, which was originally formed by Vinnie Paz alongside other underground rap artists. They were featured on their debut album; The Torture Papers released in 2006. In January 2007, Apathy released another collection of their most recent works, Baptism by Fire.
In 2009, Get Busy Committee was formed in Los Angeles, California, by longtime friends Ryu (of Styles of Beyond), Apathy and Scoop DeVille. All production was done by Scoop DeVille and Apathy, while vocals are given by everyone in the group. Their debut album, Uzi Does It, was released for pre-sale download on October 27, 2009 at www.getbusycommittee.com, and available on iTunes and other outlets on November 10. As of 2012, Get Busy Committee is on hiatus, or "dead" as they refer to it; the group members are focused on their solo careers.
They released their second studio album, Wanna Snuggle? in 2009. It was released on Demigodz Records. The album features guest appearances from Phonte of Little Brother, B-Real of Cypress Hill, Celph Titled, and other members of the Demigodz.
Their third solo album, Honkey Kong was released on August 23, 2011 on Dirty Version Records, along with the Primate Mindstate EP as a bonus disk. The album features guest contributions by Celph Titled, Vinnie Paz, Slaine, Ill Bill, Xzibit, Blacastan, Mad Lion, General Steele, Esoteric, Crypt the Warchild, Motive, Planetary, and Reef the Lost Cauze. Producers for Honkey Kong such as DJ Premier and Vanderslice contribute to a limited number of beats on this album, though the majority of the production is handled by Apathy himself.
2011–2015
During 2011, Apathy and Celph Titled started producing a second duo album, called Will Sing for Vengeance. They also worked on their solo careers. In November 2011, Apathy uploaded on to YouTube a new song called "Demigodz Is Back", this song featured Apathy, Ryu and Celph Titled and was produced by Apathy. This song marked the return of Demigodz.
On May 10, 2012, the pair also announced in an interview with Hiphopauthority.com that they were working on a new Demigodz album, titled Killmatic. Apathy stated, "We got a gang of shit in the works, so we always work on multiple, multiple things but we don't announce things until we're absolutely positive and definite that they're coming out. So, the Demigodz album should be coming in the early-2013." Celph said that the album would contain all six members, "Which is: Apathy, Celph Titled, Ryu, Esoteric, Motive, and Blacastan."
In 2012, Apathy released the double CD It's the Bootleg, Muthafuckas! Volume 3: Fire Walk With Me as the third installment to It's the Bootleg, Muthafuckas! series, as well as "The Alien Tongue," a collection of their earliest demos and recordings. The bootleg double CD included collaborations with Nas, Xzibit, DJ Premier, Royce da 5'9", Vinnie Paz, Ill Bill, and B-Real, among others.
On January 14, 2013, Apathy confirmed that Killmatic would be released on March 5. Along with that, they confirmed the official album art. Four days later, Apathy, through their YouTube account, released the first single for Killmatic titled "Demigodz Is Back". In July 2013, through their Twitter account, Apathy announced they were working on a new EP with Harry Fraud, titled Connecticut Casual. Apathy later stated on Facebook that the EP would be available for free download. It is due to be released April, 2014. On November 30, 2013, Vinnie Paz revealed that two new Army Of The Pharaohs albums would be released in 2014. The first album; In Death Reborn is slated for a release on 22 April and the second LP is expected to drop in November. Apathy is confirmed to be on both the upcoming albums, new members including Demigodz member Blacastan and Zilla from Houston, Texas are said to be joining the group.
On May 28, 2014, Apathy released "Martha Moxley (Rest in Peace)" featuring Chris Webby, Kappa Gamma, Annoyd and Hayze. The song subtly repeats references to the Murder of Martha Moxley, naming Moxley and Michael Skakel, both then 15.
On June 30, 2015 Apathy released two projects: an EP called Weekend At The Cape and the fourth installment of their popular "It's the Bootleg, Muthafuckas!" compilation series called The Black Lodge.
2016–2021
Albums for 2016 include Handshakes With Snakes (which was originally a mixtape), The Widow's Son and an album with O.C. as Perestroika. However, on February 17, 2016 they told on their Facebook page that it wasn't possible to release all three projects in 2016 and that The Widow's Son was delayed until early 2017. March 2017 Apathy said it would be released by the end of the year On July 11, 2017 they announced the release date for Perestroika for September 22, 2017.
The Widow's Son was released on March 2, 2018, through Dirty Version records. It features guests appearances from Pharoahe Monch, M.O.P., Celph Titled, A.G., Locksmith, Ryu and Diabolic. The album contains production work from Apathy themselves as well as from DJ Premier, Pete Rock, Buckwild, Nottz, Stu Bangas, and Chumzilla.
On September 26, 2020, Apathy posted their planned releases for 2021 to their Instagram page. The projects stated were "Where The River Meets The Sea", An untitled joint project with producer Stu Bangas, "Dive Medicine 2" (a sequel to Apathy's beat tape "Dive Medicine"), an untitled joint project with producer Vanderslice, and an untitled joint project with producer Evidence. Apathy is currently Chief Growth Officer of Greater Property Group.
Discography
Studio albums
Eastern Philosophy (2006)
Wanna Snuggle? (2009)
Honkey Kong (2011)
Connecticut Casual (2014)
Handshakes With Snakes (2016)
The Widow's Son (2018)
Where the River Meets the Sea (2021)
Extended plays
Make Alotta Money (2010)
Primate Mindstate (2011)
Weekend at the Cape (2015)
Compilations
It's the Bootleg Muthafuckas!, Volume 1 (2003)
Hell's Lost and Found: It's the Bootleg Muthafuckas!, Volume 2 (2007)
It's the Bootleg Muthafuckas!, Volume 3: Fire Walk With Me (2012)
The Alien Tongue (2012)
It's the Bootleg Muthafuckas!, Volume 4: The Black Lodge (2015)
Mixtapes
Where's Your Album?!! (2004)
Baptism by Fire (2007)
With Celph Titled
No Place Like Chrome (2007, album)
Unseen Obscene (2016, compilation album distributed on tour)
Demonology (2017, tour EP)
The Sordid History of Ritual (2018, tour EP)
Blue Sky on Mars (2018, tour EP)
Paragraphs of Murder (2019, tour EP)
With Army of the Pharoahs
The Torture Papers (2006)
The Unholy Terror (2010)
Pharaoh Philes (2011, Compilation)
In Death Reborn (2014)
Heavy Lies The Crown (2014)
Other collaborations
Uzi Does It (2009, with Ryu and Scoop Deville)
Perestroika (2017 with O.C.)
King of Gods. No Second. (2022 with Stu Bangas)
References
External links
Atlantic Records artists
1979 births
Living people
Rappers from Connecticut
People from Windham, Connecticut
Underground rappers
American male rappers
East Coast hip hop musicians
Army of the Pharaohs members
21st-century American rappers
21st-century American male musicians
Demigodz members
is a Shinto shrine located in Kyōto, Kyōto Prefecture, Japan. It is dedicated to the divinity Susanoo / under the name .
See also
List of Shinto shrines in Japan
References
External links
Saginomori Jinja history
Shinto shrines in Japan
Jovan Rašković (, ; 5 July 1929 – 28 July 1992) was a Croatian Serb psychiatrist, academic and politician.
Early life
Rašković was born in Knin in 1929. During World War II, after an Ustasha pogrom which resulted in the deaths of their relatives, they were exiled to Kistanje in Italian-occupied Dalmatia. They passed their secondary school exams in Šibenik, and graduated in Zagreb. They then studied electrical engineering and medicine at the University of Zagreb, where they obtained their diploma and a PhD from the university's medical school.
Career
In the 1960s, they served as director of Šibenik city hospital and later director of the medical center. They were one of the founders of the Medical Research Institute of Neurophysiology in Ljubljana. Rašković was a member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts, the Academy of Medical Sciences of Croatia and a number of psychiatry associations in the United States, Czechoslovakia and Italy. They were a university professor in Zagreb and Ljubljana and a visiting professor at the Universities of Pavia, Rome, Houston and London.
In February 1990, Rašković went into politics and founded and led the Serbian Democratic Party (SDS), which took part in the first Croatian democratic elections. They noticed that there was no equivalent party in Bosnia and Herzegovina so they contacted Radovan Karadžić, a colleague, to suggest for them to establish one.
Although the SDS won relatively few seats in the 1990 elections, it quickly began to increase its power, and Rašković was soon perceived as a leader of Serbs by Franjo Tuđman and their new government. That led to direct negotiations between the two about the future of Serbs in Croatia. During one meeting, Rašković remarked, "Serbs were crazy people". Tuđman's chief political advisor, Slaven Letica, had the words secretly taped and leaked the transcript to Croatian media to discredit Rašković among their people and then replace them with someone more acceptable to Croatian government. That backfired, as instead of rejecting Rašković, many Serbs lost any trust in Croatian government and embraced extremism and then armed conflict.
Later in 1990, Rašković was removed from power by "more radical, hard-line Serb nationalists", who went on to create the Republic of Serbian Krajina. Rašković retired from politics in 1991, after the Plitvice Lakes incident.
Death and legacy
Rašković died in Belgrade from a heart attack on 28 July 1992 at the age of 63.  They are interred in the Alley of Distinguished Citizens in the Belgrade New Cemetery.
Streets in Trebinje, Prijedor, Banja Luka and Novi Banovci are named in their honor.
References
External links
Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts biography
1929 births
1992 deaths
Members of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts
People from Knin
Serbs of Croatia
Serb Democratic Party (Croatia) politicians
Serbian psychiatrists
Serbian anti-communists
Yugoslav politicians
Politicians of the Croatian War of Independence
School of Medicine, University of Zagreb alumni
Yugoslav physicians
Burials at Belgrade New Cemetery
Serbian nationalists
Mount No More is a mountain in the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains in Warren County, New Jersey. The summit rises to , and is located in White Township.
References
Mountains of Warren County, New Jersey
Mountains of New Jersey
White Township, New Jersey
Burmahancı is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Dorodnitsyn Computing Centre (), known as the Computing Centre of the Academy of Sciences (CC RAS) until 2015, is a research institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union. It was established in 1955.
Its areas of research include:
Computational Fluid Dynamics
Mathematical Physics
Mathematical modeling of Climatic Ecological Processes and other Nonlinear Phenomena
Solid mechanics and Elastic-Plastic Problems
Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis
Computer Aided Design
Optimization Methods, Linear and Nonlinear programming
Analytical mechanics and Lyapunov's Stability of Motion
Rigid body dynamics and Space Dynamics
Interactive Optimization and Decision support systems
Parallel Computing
Artificial Intelligence
Mathematical modeling of Economic Processes
Software development
Anatoly Dorodnitsyn, for whom the centre is named, was its director from 1955–1989.
The prestigious Journal of Computational Mathematics and Mathematical Physics has been published by the Computing Centre since 1960.
The game Tetris was created by Alexey Pajitnov at the Computing Centre.
After 15 June 2015, CC RAS was included in Federal research centre "Informatic and Control" of RAS and now no longer exists as an independent institute.
Scientists
Andrey Ershov
Andrey Markov Jr.
Nikita Moiseyev
Valentin Vital'yevich Rumyantsev
Yuri Zhuravlyov
Leonid Khachiyan
Vladimir Alexandrov
External links
Dorodnitsyn Computing Centre website
Journal of Computational Mathematics and Mathematical Physics
Research institutes in the Soviet Union
Computing in the Soviet Union
Institutes of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Frank Smith (1928-2020) was a Canadian psycholinguist recognized for their contributions in linguistics and cognitive psychology. They were an essential contributor to research on the nature of the reading process together with researchers such as George Armitage Miller, Kenneth S. Goodman, Paul A. Kolers, Jane W. Torrey, Jane Mackworth, Richard Venezky, Robert Calfee, and Julian Hochberg. Smith and Goodman are founders of whole language approach for reading instruction. They were the author of numerous books.
Life, career and education
Frank Smith was born in England in 1928 and lived on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. They started out as reporter and editor for several media publications in Europe and Australia before commencing undergraduate studies at the University of Western Australia. They received a PhD in Psycholinguistics from Harvard University in 1967.
Smith held positions as professor at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education for twelve years, professor of Language in Education at the University of Victoria, British Columbia as well as professor and department-head of Applied English Language Studies at the University of the Witwatersrand, South Africa. Before taking the position at the Ontario Institute, Smith briefly worked at the Southwest Regional Laboratory in Los Alamitos, California.
They died on December 29, 2020 in Victoria, B.C.
Research and work
Smith's research made important contributions to the development of reading theory. Their book Understanding Reading: A Psycholinguistic Analysis of Reading and Learning to Read is regarded as a fundamental text in the development of the now discredited whole language movement. Amongst others, Smith's research and writings in psycholinguistics inspired cognitive psychologists Keith Stanovich and Richard West's research into the role of context in reading.
Smith's work, in particular Understanding Reading: A Psycholinguistic Analysis of Reading and Learning to Read, is a synthesis of psycholinguistic and cognitive psychology research applied to reading. Working from diverse perspectives, Frank Smith and Kenneth S. Goodman developed the theory of a unified single reading process that comprises an interaction between reader, text and language. On the whole, Smith's writing challenges conventional teaching and diverts from popular assumptions about reading.
Apart from their research in language, their research interests included the psychological, social and cultural consequences of human technology.
Ideas
Smith advocated the concept that "children learn to read by reading". In 1975 they participated in a television documentary filmed by Stephen Rose for the BBC Horizon TV series while based at the Toronto Institute for Studies in Education. The programme focused on their work with a single -year-old child called Matthew.
They were against the 1970s idea that children should first learn the letters and letter combinations that convey the English language's forty-four sounds (Clymer's 45 phonic generalizations) and then they can read whole words by decoding them from their component phonemes. This "sounding out" words is a phonics, rather than a whole language, technique which is rooted in intellectual independence. The whole-language theory explained reading as a "language experience," where the reader interacts with the text/content and this in turn facilitates the link - "knowledge" - between the text and meaning. The emphasis is on the process or comprehension of the text.
Books
Co-authored books
Essays
Articles
Co-authored articles
References
20th-century educational theorists
American educational theorists
Psycholinguists
Harvard University alumni
University of Western Australia alumni
People from Vancouver Island
Year of birth missing (living people)
Olivia Wayne (née Godfrey, born 1986) is a British sports journalist, and co-presenter on the Sky Sports television show Good Morning Sports Fans.
Early life
They grew up in Mill Hill, London, the daughter of Jewish parents. They were educated at North London Collegiate School and earned a degree in American and Canadian studies from the University of Birmingham.
Career
 They are a presenter on the Sky Sports television show Good Morning Sports Fans.
Personal life
Wayne is married to DJ and producer Zeb Wayne, the son of composer and musician Jeff Wayne, best known for the musical War of the Worlds.
References
1986 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
People educated at North London Collegiate School
People from Mill Hill
Sky Sports presenters and reporters
British sports broadcasters
British women television journalists
Theresa Harris (December 31, 1906 – October 8, 1985) was an American television and film actor, singer and dancer.
Early life
Harris was born on New Year's Eve 1906 (some sources indicate 1909) in Houston, Texas, to Isaiah and Mable Harris, both of whom were former sharecroppers from Louisiana.
Harris' family relocated to Southern California when they were 11 years old. After graduating from Jefferson High School, they studied at the UCLA Conservatory of Music and Zoellner's Conservatory of Music. They then joined the Lafayette Players, an African American musical comedy theatre troupe.
Career
They made their film debut in 1929 in Thunderbolt, singing the song "Daddy Won't You Please Come Home". As they entered the 1930s, they played, often without credit, maids to characters acted by Ginger Rogers, Bette Davis, Sylvia Sidney, Frances Dee, Myrna Loy, Jean Harlow, Thelma Todd, Kay Francis, and Barbara Stanwyck. They also floated around studios doing bit-parts, usually at Warner Bros. or Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, variously as a blues singer, waiter, tribal woman, prostitute, and hat check girl.
Harris had a featured role as a friend of star Jean Harlow in MGM's Hold Your Man (1933), co-starring Clark Gable. In 1933, they appeared as Chico in the Warner Bros. pre-Code production of Baby Face, starring Barbara Stanwyck. That same year, Harris starred in a substantial role opposite Ginger Rogers in Professional Sweetheart. As Rogers's character's maid, Harris's character subs for Rogers's character as a singer on the radio. Despite the fact that Harris's character was a major point for the story's plot development, they were uncredited for the role.
Throughout the 1930s, Harris played many uncredited parts in films such as Horse Feathers (1932), Gold Diggers of 1933 (1933), Mary Stevens, M.D. (1933) and Morning Glory (1933). They also played Bette Davis's maid Zette in the film Jezebel (1938). In 1937, they appeared in the race film Bargain with Bullets opposite Ralph Cooper for A Million Dollar Productions, co-owned by Cooper. While doing promotion for the film, Harris spoke about their frustration over the difficulty African American actors faced in the film industry stating,
I never had the chance to rise above the role of maid in Hollywood movies. My color was against me anyway you looked at it. The fact that I was not "hot" stamped me either as uppity or relegated me to the eternal role of stooge or servant. [...] My ambition is to be an actor. Hollywood had no parts for me.
They also praised Ralph Cooper for starting a production company that produced films starring African American actors. They said,
We have nothing to lose in the development of an all-colored motion picture company. The competition will make Hollywood perk up and produce better films with our people in a variety of roles.
Harris continued to lobby for better parts within Hollywood but found few opportunities. In the 1939 movie Tell No Tales they were credited for playing Ruby, the wife of a murdered man. Harris played an emotional scene with Melvin Douglas at the funeral. They appear in a small but vivid role as Kathie Moffat's ex-maid Eunice Leonard in Jacques Tourneur 1947 Out of the Past.
In addition to films, Harris also performed in many radio programs, including Hollywood Hotel. Harris was often paired with Eddie Rochester Anderson, who portrayed their on-screen boyfriend. They appeared together in Buck Benny Rides Again (1940) and What's Buzzin' Cousin (1943). In Buck Benny Rides Again, Harris and Anderson performed the musical number "My, My," where they sing and dance tap, classical, Spanish, and swing. They also appeared in several prominent roles for RKO Pictures as they were a favorite of producer Val Lewton who routinely cast African American actors in non-stereotypical roles. In 1942, Lewton cast Harris as a sarcastic waiter in Cat People, followed by roles in I Walked with a Zombie (1943), Phantom Lady (1944), and Strange Illusion (1945).
During the 1950s, Harris appeared several times on television on such shows as Lux Video Theatre, Alfred Hitchcock Presents, and Letter to Loretta. They made their last film appearance in an uncredited role in The Gift of Love in 1958.
Personal life
Harris married George Robinson, a doctor, in 1933. They retired from acting in the late 1950s, living comfortably off careful investments made during their career.
Harris was a Methodist. A Democrat, they supported the presidential campaign of Adlai Stevenson in 1952.
On October 8, 1985, Harris died of undisclosed causes in Inglewood, California. They were buried in Angelus-Rosedale Cemetery in Los Angeles, California.
Legacy
The title character in Lynn Nottage's 2011 play By the Way, Meet Vera Stark is based in part on Theresa Harris.
Selected filmography
Thunderbolt (1929) as Black Cat Cafe Singer (uncredited)
Morocco (1930) as Camp Follower (uncredited)
The Road to Reno (1931) as Maid at Dude Ranch (uncredited)
Arrowsmith (1931) as Native Mother (uncredited)
Union Depot (1932) as Black Woman (uncredited)
Merrily We Go to Hell (1932) as Powder Room Attendant (uncredited)
Week Ends Only (1932) as Chloë (uncredited)
Horse Feathers (1932) as Laura, Connie's maid (uncredited)
Free Wheeling (1932, Short) as Maid
Faithless (1932) as Amanda (uncredited)
Night After Night (1932) as Ladies' Room Attendant (uncredited)
The Sport Parade (1932) as Nightclub Dancer (uncredited)
The Half-Naked Truth (1932) as Emily, Teresita's Maid (uncredited)
Grand Slam (1933) as Ladies' Room Attendant (uncredited)
Gold Diggers of 1933 (1933) as Black Woman in 'Pettin' in the Park' Number (uncredited)
Professional Sweetheart (1933) as Vera, Glory's Maid (uncredited)
Private Detective 62 (1933) as Janet's Maid (uncredited)
Hold Your Man (1933) as Lily Mae Crippen, reformatory inmate (uncredited)
Baby Face (1933) as Chico
Mary Stevens, M.D. (1933) as Alice, Andrews' Maid (uncredited)
Morning Glory (1933) as Minor Role (uncredited)
Penthouse (1933) as Lili, Mimi's Maid (uncredited)
Broadway Through a Keyhole (1933) as Joan's Maid (uncredited)
Blood Money (1933) as Jessica (uncredited)
The Worst Woman in Paris? (1933) as Lily, the Maid
Roman Scandals (1933) as Handmaiden (uncredited)
Flying Down to Rio (1933) as Dancer (uncredited)
Success at Any Price (1934) as Marie, Agnes' Maid (uncredited)
A Modern Hero (1934) as Leah's Maid (uncredited)
Sleepers East (1934) as Gloria Washington (uncredited)
Finishing School (1934) as Evelyn, Mrs Radcliff's maid (uncredited)
Drums O' Voodoo (1934)
Operator 13 (1934) as Slave at Medicine Show (uncredited)
Black Moon (1934) as Sacrificed Girl (uncredited)
Desirable (1934) as Ladies Room Maid at Party (uncredited)
Go Into Your Dance (1935) as Luana's Maid (uncredited)
Broadway Melody of 1936 (1935) as Theresa (uncredited)
In Person (1935) as Carol's Maid (uncredited)
Strike Me Pink (1936) as Dancer / Singer in 'First You Have Me High (Then You Have Me Low)' (uncredited)
The Green Pastures (1936) as Angel (uncredited)
15 Maiden Lane (1936) as Ladies Room Maid (uncredited)
Banjo On My Knee (1936) as Black Blues Singer (uncredited)
Charlie Chan at the Olympics (1937) as Black US Team Member On Sidelines Rooting for Jesse Owens (uncredited)
The Lady Escapes (1937) as Maid (uncredited)
Big Town Girl (1937) as Maid (uncredited)
Gangsters on the Loose (1937) as Grace Foster
Jezebel (1938) as Zette
The Toy Wife (1938) as 'Pick'
Passport Husband (1938) as Maid (uncredited)
Tell No Tales (1939) as Ruby
The Women (1939) as Olive (uncredited)
One Hour to Live (1939) as High Yaller girl
City of Chance (1940) as Beulah, Powder Room Attendant (uncredited)
Buck Benny Rides Again (1940) as Josephine
Santa Fe Trail (1940) as Maid (uncredited)
Love Thy Neighbor (1940) as Josephine
The Flame of New Orleans (1941) as Clementine
Blossoms in the Dust (1941) as Cleo
Our Wife (1941) as Hattie
Here Comes Mr. Jordan (1941) as Mother Listening to Hurdy-gurdy (uncredited)
Sing Your Worries Away (1942) as Hat Check Girl (uncredited)
Tough as They Come (1942) as Bessie Mae
Cat People (1942) as Minnie (uncredited)
I Walked with a Zombie (1943) as Alma, Maid
What's Buzzin', Cousin? (1943) as Blossom (uncredited)
Phantom Lady (1944)
Strange Illusion (1945) as Maid (uncredited)
Men in Them Diary (1945) as Violet (uncredited)
The Dolly Sisters (1945) as Ellabelle (uncredited)
Miss Susie Slagle's (1946) as Maid (uncredited)
Smooth as Silk (1946) as Louise
Three Little Girls in Blue (1946) as Maid (uncredited)
Swingtime Jamboree (1946)
Hit Parade of 1947 (1947) as Maid (uncredited)
Miracle on 34th Street (1947) as Cleo, the Walkers' maid / housekeeper (uncredited)
Merton of the Movies (1947) as Beulah's Maid (uncredited)
Out of the Past (1947) as Eunice Leonard (uncredited)
The Lady from Shanghai (1947) as Spectator in Courtroom (uncredited)
The Big Clock (1948) as Daisy, Strouds' Maid (uncredited)
The Velvet Touch (1948) as Nancy
Alias Nick Beal (1949) as Opal, Donna's Maid (uncredited)
Neptune's Daughter (1949) as Matilda the Maid (uncredited)
Tension (1949) as Woman in Drugstore (uncredited)
And Baby Makes Three (1949) as Wanda's Maid (uncredited)
The File on Thelma Jordon (1950) as Esther
Grounds for Marriage (1951) as Stella
Al Jennings of Oklahoma (1951) as Terese
The Company They Keep (1951) as Lilly Johnson (uncredited)
Angel Face (1953) as Nurse Theresa (uncredited)
Small Town Girl (1953) as Backstage Maid (uncredited)
Here Come the Girls (1953) as Josie, Irene's Maid (uncredited)
The French Line (1953) as Clara, Mame's Maid (uncredited)
Back from Eternity (1956) as Mamie (uncredited)
Spoilers of the Forest (1957) as Nancy the Maid (uncredited)
The Gift of Love (1958) as Dora, Sam's Wife (uncredited) (final film role)
References
External links
TCM Fan biography for Theresa Harris
1906 births
1985 deaths
African-American actores
African-American women singers
American female dancers
American film actores
American stage actores
American television actores
Burials at Angelus-Rosedale Cemetery
Actresses from Houston
Actresses from Inglewood, California
20th-century American actores
20th-century American singers
20th-century American women singers
20th-century American dancers
California Democrats
Texas Democrats
African-American Methodists
20th-century Methodists
Study Breaks is a monthly lifestyle magazine aimed at college aged students. As a student entertainment magazine on many campuses around Texas, it has a circulation of over 50,000. Study Breaks was started in Austin in 1988 and is run by Collegiate Entrepreneurs Organization (CEO), a professional registered student organization. CEO has various national chapters. The publisher is Shweiki Media Printing Company.
Markets
University of Texas at Austin
Texas State University
Texas Tech University
University of Texas at San Antonio
References
External links
1988 establishments in Texas
Entertainment magazines published in the United States
Lifestyle magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1988
Magazines published in Austin, Texas
Monthly magazines published in the United States
Student magazines published in the United States
Jordans is a village in Chalfont St Giles parish, Buckinghamshire, England, and the civil parish of Hedgerley. It is a centre for Quakerism, holds the burial place of William Penn, founder of the Province of Pennsylvania, and so is a popular place with American visitors. It also contains the Mayflower Barn, made from ship timbers sometimes claimed to be from the Mayflower. Some 245 households and 700 residents are served by a nursery, primary school, youth hostel, village hall and community shop. Forty of the houses and cottages and 21 flats are owned by a non-profit society that manages the village and its amenities.
Heritage
Two of several suggested origins of the name Jordans appear in a book on the history of the village: "Little is known of Jordans Farm before the seventeenth century.... It has been suggested that the name comes from some connection with a manorial family of Jourdemain... but a more probable origin is in an early owner or occupant called Jordan." Jordans Farm is known as Old Jordans today, and that building together with the Mayflower Barn date back to the 16th century.
Quakerism
In the 17th century the village became a centre for Quakerism. It has one of the oldest Friends meeting houses in the country, whose cemetery is the burial place of William Penn, founder of the Province of Pennsylvania, as well as other notable Quakers. Close by is Old Jordans, originally a farmhouse, sold by the Quakers for development in March 2006. Old Jordans was used during World War I as a training centre for the Friends' Ambulance Unit.
Meeting House
Jordans Friends Meeting House was built in 1688 shortly after the Declaration of Indulgence. The meeting room retains most of its original brick, including the bare brick floor, glass, panelling and benches. It suffered a serious fire on 10 March 2005, when the modern extension was virtually destroyed and the roof of the original 17th-century meeting room severely damaged. The interior of the original meeting room escaped relatively unscathed, but suffered some water and smoke damage.
Mayflower Barn
Within the grounds of Old Jordans is the Mayflower Barn on the edge of the Chiltern hills in the South Buckinghamshire countryside, about midway between London and Oxford.
The farm name seems to date back to the late Middle Ages. Its known history begins in 1618 when Thomas Russell bought it. Part of the present farmhouse was already there and Thomas Russell added to it in 1624, also building a substantial new barn with timbers from a ship. Despite suppositions, it cannot be shown that they came from the Mayflower, the ship that carried the Pilgrim Fathers from Plymouth to New England.
A piece of the timber was taken from the Mayflower Barn, placed in the Peace Arch built by Sam Hill and opened in September 1921. Besides the completion of the Pacific highway from the Canadian boundary to Mexico, the arch also marked a century of peace between the United States and the UK. A plaque shows where the timber was taken from the Mayflower Barn. The Barn was a tourist attraction to visitors from all over the world, particularly the Americas, but is now privately owned and closed to the public.
Education
Jordans has a primary school, Jordans County First School, and Jordan's Village Nursery School.
The school, in Puers Lane, is state-funded, for years 1, 2 and Reception (Ages 5–8) as a feeder for Seer Green School, Thorpe House School and Gayhurst School. It has about 60 pupils with a student/teacher ratio of 1:12. The head since 2015 has been Hannah Bancroft.
The nursery is in the Village Hall behind the store in Green West Road.
Transport
Jordans lies north-west of the intersection of the M25 and M40 motorways (Junction 16/1A). It is served by Seer Green and Jordans railway station, 1.2 miles (1.9 km) away on the London–Birmingham Chiltern Main Line of Chiltern Railways. Jordans is served on Tuesday and Friday by a bus service from the village to the Tesco in Loudwater. (380, Red Eagle).
Leisure and amenities
Jordans has a "pop-up pub" named The Jolly Quaker, open on the first Friday of each month. Its monthly Cinema Club "Jordans Picture House" opens on the second Friday and sometimes on the second Sunday of the month from October to May. Both operate from the village hall in Green West Road behind the village store.
Several annual events take place: a summer fair, usually in June; a sports day; an annual cricket match, and a village supper to commemorate the founding of the village on the nearest Saturday to its anniversary each February. The Jordans Tennis Club in the village holds about seven roll-ups each year. In June 2019, the village marked its centenary with an event on the village green.
Jordans Village Community Store opened in 1922. It sells the usual staples and some own-brand preserves, and includes a sub-post office. It is subsidized by a voluntary Shop Amenity Charge of £5 or £10 per month paid by about half the households in the village.
Jordans has eight allotments, located next to the tennis court. The allotments used to be located in Crutches Lane, and were moved to allow a development of four homes for the elderly, built in 2008.
Notable residents
In birth order:
William Penn (1644–1718) was a Quaker convert, who founded Philadelphia, but died penniless and is buried in Jordans.
Ozzy (born 1948) and Sharon Osbourne (born 1952) occupy a mansion just outside the village.
Steve Soper (born 1951), is a racing driver dubbed by Motorsport Magazine "the greatest saloon car driver of all time".
Bill Turnbull (born 1956), a BBC news anchor, is a former resident.
Justin Sullivan (born 1956), frontman and songwriter with the band New Model Army, was born in Jordans.
References
Villages in Buckinghamshire
Quakerism in England
Chalfont St Giles
Douglas Symons is a Canadian former politician, who served as a BC Liberal Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1991 to 2001, representing the riding of Richmond Centre.
Symons was educated at the University of British Columbia, receiving a B.Ed. Before entering politics, they taught school for 29 years.
References
British Columbia Liberal Party MLAs
Living people
People from Richmond, British Columbia
Politicians from Regina, Saskatchewan
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Egyptian Ministry of Military Production is responsible for managing the development and operation of military factories in the Arab Republic of Egypt and now chaired by Major General Engineer Ibrahim Younis, who took over the ministry within the ministry of Ibrahim Mahlab in February 2014.
Military Production
Military of Egypt
The 3rd Infantry Brigade was a Regular Army infantry brigade of the British Army, part of the 1st Infantry Division. Originally formed in 1809, during the Peninsular War, the brigade had a long history, seeing action in the Second Anglo-Afghan War, and during both the First and the Second World Wars.
Formation
The 1st Division was formed during the Peninsular War in Spain and Portugal, part of the army commanded by General Arthur Wellesley, later 1st Duke of Wellington. In 1814, the 3rd brigade took part in the Battle of New Orleans, commanded by Lt. Gen. John Keane. It also took part in the Battle of Ali Masjid in November 1878 during the Second Anglo-Afghan War.
As the Second Boer War ended in 1902 the army was restructured, and a 2nd Infantry division was established permanently as part of the 1st Army Corps, comprising the 3rd and 4th Infantry Brigades.
First World War
The brigade saw service during the First World War as part of the British Expeditionary Force on the Western Front.
Order of battle
The 3rd Brigade was constituted as follows during the war:
1st Battalion, Queen's Royal Regiment (West Surrey) (left November 1914)
1st Battalion, South Wales Borderers
1st Battalion, Gloucestershire Regiment
2nd Battalion, Welch Regiment
2nd Battalion, Royal Munster Fusiliers (from November 1914 until February 1918)
1/4th (Denbighshire) Battalion, Royal Welch Fusiliers (from November 1914 until September 1915)
1/6th (Glamorgan) Battalion, Welsh Regiment (from October 1915 until it became the divisional pioneer battalion in May 1916)
1/9th Battalion, King's Regiment (Liverpool) (November 1915 to January 1916)
3rd Trench Mortar Battery (formed 27 November 1915)
3rd Machine Gun Company, Machine Gun Corps (formed 26 January 1916, moved to 1st Battalion, Machine Gun Corps 28 February 1918)
Commanders
The following officers commanded 3rd Brigade during the First World War:
Brigadier-General H. J. S. Landon (At mobilization)
Colonel A. C. Lovett (1 November 1914 - acting)
Brigadier-General R. H. K. Butler (22 November 1914)
Brigadier-General H. R. Davies (21 February 1915)
Brigadier-General G. S. G. Craufurd (19 November 1916)
Brigadier-General R. C. A. McCalmont (3 March 1917)
Brigadier-General R. B. Barker (18 November 1917)
Brigadier-General H. H. S. Morant (23 January 1918)
Brigadier General Sir W. A. I. Kay, Bt. (23 May 1918)
Brigadier-General J. V. Campbell (4 October 1918 - temporary)
Brigadier-General E. St. G. Aubyn (6 October 1918)
Between the wars
Between the wars the brigade, now redesignated 3rd Infantry Brigade, saw numerous changes in its battalions, including 2nd Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire Regiment, 1st Royal Scots Fusiliers, 1st King's Own Scottish Borderers and 1st Border Regiment. However, these were all posted away by 1937, either to other divisions stationed in the United Kingdom or to different parts of the British Empire. From 1936 to 1938 the brigade was commanded by Arthur Floyer-Acland In 1938 they were replaced by 2nd Buffs (Royal East Kent Regiment), 2nd Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) and 1st Royal Irish Fusiliers. There was no fourth battalion as it was in this year that British infantry divisions were reduced from twelve to nine battalions, infantry brigades reducing from four to three. These battalions, too, were replaced in early 1939, by 2nd Sherwood Foresters, recently returned from many years spent in British India and Guernsey, 1st Duke of Wellington's Regiment, returned to England from three years spent Malta, and 1st King's Shropshire Light Infantry, which had returned to England in 1938 for the first time after having served in British India in 16 years.
Second World War
During the Second World War the brigade continued to be part of the 1st Infantry Division, and would remain with it throughout the war, and was sent to France on 25 September 1939, shortly after the outbreak of the war, and served as part of the British Expeditionary Force (BEF) in France. The brigade was to remain in France, serving alongside the French Army on the Maginot Line on the Franco-Belgian border until May 1940 when the German Army invaded Holland, Belgium and France and, during the fighting, forced the BEF to retreat to Dunkirk where the 3rd Brigade was evacuated to England, arriving on 1 June 1940.
After the retreat from Dunkirk it remained in the United Kingdom on home defence against a German invasion until early 1943 when it was sent to North Africa to take part in the Campaign in Tunisia. On 11 June 1943 the 1st Infantry Division was sent to the Italian island of Pantelleria (Operation Corkscrew) which they captured and occupied without casualties.
In late 1943 the brigade, with the rest of the division, was sent to Italy to join the British Eighth Army fighting in Italy. However, they were soon transferred to command of the U.S. Fifth Army for the Anzio landings (Operation Shingle), where they landed at Anzio on 22 January 1944 and were destined to fight in some of the worst and most violent battles of the Italian campaign where, during a German counterattack on 3 February, the brigade was almost completely surrounded and was only saved from annihilation by a counterattack from the 1st Battalion, London Scottish of 168th (London) Brigade (temporarily detached from its parent unit, the 56th (London) Infantry Division, to come under 1st Division command). The brigade continued to fight in numerous battles around Anzio and even when not, were still subjected to almost constant artillery, mortar or small arms fire. The brigade fought in the breakout from the Anzio beachhead and Operation Diadem.
In October 1944, while the 3rd Brigade was fighting on the Gothic Line with the Eighth Army, Private Richard Henry Burton of the 1st Battalion, Duke of Wellington's Regiment was awarded the Victoria Cross. In the same battle, Captain Arthur Burns was awarded the Distinguished Service Order. The brigade fought in Italy until 28 January 1945 when they were sent to Palestine as a garrison where they remained to the end of the war.
Order of battle
The 3rd Infantry Brigade was constituted as follows during the war:
1st Battalion, Duke of Wellington's Regiment
1st Battalion, King's Shropshire Light Infantry
2nd Battalion, Sherwood Foresters
3rd Infantry Brigade Anti-Tank Company (formed 3 September 1939, disbanded 31 December 1940)
Commanders
The following officers commanded 3rd Infantry Brigade during the war:
Brigadier H.O. Curtis (until 18 December 1939)
Lieutenant Colonel J.M.L. Grover (Acting, from 18 to 28 December 1939)
Brigadier T.N.F. Wilson (from 28 December 1939 until 19 December 1940)
Brigadier W.R.C. Penney (from 19 December 1940 until 26 September 1941)
Lieutenant Colonel R. Bryans (Acting, from 26 September until 20 October 1941)
Brigadier H.A.E. Matthews (from 20 October 1941 until 24 April 1943)
Brigadier R.H. Maxwell (temporary, from 24 to 30 April 1943)
Brigadier J.G. James (from 30 April 1943 until 27 April 1944)
Brigadier E.E. Dorman-Smith (from 27 April until 14 August 1944)
Lieutenant Colonel B.W. Webb-Carter (Acting, from 14 to 26 August 1944)
Brigadier P. St Clair-Ford (from 26 August 1944 until 26 April 1945, again from 16 May 1945)
Lieutenant Colonel W.H. Hulton-Harrop (Acting, from 26 April to 16 May 1945)
Post-war
As part of 1st Division, the 3rd Brigade was in Egypt after the war until returning to Chiseldon, Wiltshire. During the Suez Crisis the brigade was moved to Malta, in August 1956, from where they went to Egypt on the aircraft carrier HMS Theseus, reaching Port Said just as the ceasefire was declared. It then went on to Cyprus in 1956. Following operations against EOKA, the brigade was disbanded there in 1963.
From 1972, the 3rd Infantry Brigade was headquartered in the Kitchen Hill Factory in Lurgan until moving to the Mahon Road Barracks in Portadown in late 1976, under HQ Northern Ireland and was the HQ element for the security forces which controlled the South Armagh region of Ulster, including several battalions of the Ulster Defence Regiment. In September 1981 the brigade was disbanded and its units divided between 8 Brigade and 39 Brigades. The brigade reformed on 1 July 1988 in the Drumadd Barracks in Armagh. The brigade was disbanded once more on 1 September 2004 and its former units again divided between 8 Brigade and 39 Brigades.
In 1989, the 3rd Infantry Brigade had the following structure:
HQ 3rd Infantry Brigade & 203rd Signal Squadron, Royal Signals, Armagh
1st Bn, Worcestershire and Sherwood Foresters Regiment, Omagh
2nd Bn, Ulster Defence Regiment (V)
11th Bn, Ulster Defence Regiment (V)
References
Sources
Joslen, Lt-Col H.F. (2003) [1st pub. HMSO:1960]. Orders of Battle: Second World War, 1939–1945. Uckfield: Naval and Military Press. .
Blaxland, Gregory (1979). Alexander's Generals (the Italian Campaign 1944–1945). London: William Kimber. .
External links
British Army in Operation Banner
003
Infantry brigades of the British Army in World War I
Infantry brigades of the British Army in World War II
1809 establishments in the United Kingdom
Depew is an unincorporated community in Independence Township, Palo Alto County, Iowa, United States. Depew is located along county highways B20 and N60, northeast of Emmetsburg.
History
Depew's population was 25 in 1902, and just 10 in 1925.
References
Unincorporated communities in Palo Alto County, Iowa
Unincorporated communities in Iowa
The Norwegian Air Ambulance Service (Norwegian: Den norske luftambulansetjenesten) is organised through the government owned limited company Luftambulansetjenesten HF (formerly Helseforetakenes Nasjonale Luftambulansetjeneste ANS). The service provides helicopter emergency medical service (HEMS) and fixed-wing air ambulance operations.
Dedicated planes are provided at seven bases, and helicopters at 13. In addition the service depends on the state Search and rescue helicopters for a full national coverage. The fixed-wing aircraft and HEMS helicopters are operated by the private companies Lufttransport and Norsk Luftambulanse on contract for the Air Ambulance Service. The rescue helicopters are operated by the Royal Norwegian Air Force 330 squadron.
History
Air ambulance services in Norway have been operated by private companies and the military since the 1920s, but the first dedicated service came in 1972 when the Air Force 330 squadron was equipped with Westland Sea King helicopters. The helicopters were purchased by the ministry of justice while they were to be operated by the Air Force.
In 1973 the Norwegian government started looking at possible ways to organise an air ambulance service in Norway. Before the government had made a decision, the foundation Norsk Luftambulanse had been founded in 1977 and provided one helicopter from its base at Lørenskog. In 1983 the government started buying services from the foundation, and in 1988 a nationwide air ambulance service was started where the government bought services from private companies.
By 1993 three companies had established themselves on the domestic air ambulance marked in Norway: Norsk Luftambulanse, Airlift and Lufttransport. In 2002 Norsk Luftambulanse bought the air ambulance operation from Airlift, and merged the operations. In April 2006 the Air Ambulance Service has extended its contracts with Norsk Luftambulanse and Lufttransport until 2014.
Operations
Helicopter emergency medical service
The helicopter ambulances are located on heliports at 11 hospitals around the country. The helicopters are operated by the private companies Lufttransport and Norsk Luftambulanse. Lufttransport operates a total of 10 AgustaWestland AW139 while Norsk Luftambulanse operates a total of 14 Airbus H135-T3 and H145-T2 for the service.
Helicopters are stationed at the hospitals in Arendal, Bergen, Brønnøysund, Dombås, Evenes, Førde, Lørenskog, Stavanger, Tromsø, Trondheim, Ål and Ålesund. The helicopters must be airborne within 15 minutes .
Fixed-wing ambulances
Plane ambulances are stationed at six airports in Norway. The service is provided by Lufttransport with 12 Beech King Air B200 aircraft. The airplanes are stationed at Alta Airport, Bodø Airport, Brønnøysund Airport, Gardermoen, Tromsø Airport, Kirkenes and Ålesund Airport.
Search and rescue helicopters
The Air Force 330 squadron has its headquarters at Sola Air Station outside Stavanger. The squadron operates out of four military airports: Sola Air Station, Ørland Main Air Station, Bodø Main Air Station, Banak Air Station and Rygge Air Station.
The squadron operates 12 Sea King helicopters and had 1 038 operations in 2005 [citation needed]. At any given time the 330 squadron has six helicopters on 15 minutes readiness, one at each station. The helicopters are under command of the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre of Southern Norway located at Sola which is responsible for Southern Norway (Rygge, Sola, Florø and Ørland) and the Joint Rescue Coordination Centre of Northern Norway located at Bodø which is responsible for Northern Norway (Bodø and Banak) [citation needed]. The primary function is search and rescue (SAR) but several hundred air ambulance missions are undertaken each year.
See also
Aviation in Norway
References
External links
330 Squadron Websites
Air Ambulance Service
Rotsidis Mammari is a Cypriot football club based in Mammari. Founded in 1961, was playing sometimes in Second and sometimes in the Third and Fourth Division.
Honours
Cypriot Third Division:
Champions (1): 1997
References
Football clubs in Cyprus
Association football clubs established in 1961
1961 establishments in Cyprus
Year of the Tiger is a year in the Chinese zodiac.
Film and TV
A Yank in Viet-Nam, originally to be called Year of the Tiger 1963
The Year of the Tiger, 1965 basketball film featuring Bill Bradley
Year of the Tiger, documentary about four Siberian tiger cubs by New York Zoological Society 1980
The Year of the Tiger (), 2011 Chilean drama film
Music
Year of the Tiger (La! Neu? album), 1998
Year of the Tiger (Josh Todd & The Conflict album), 2017
Year of the Tiger (Myles Kennedy album), 2018
Shwegyin is a town in Bago District, Pegu region in Burma (Myanmar). It is the administrative seat of Shwegyin Township.
Climate
References
External links
"Shwegyin Map — Satellite Images of Shwegyin" Maplandia
Township capitals of Myanmar
Populated places in Bago Region
Till Death Do Us Part is the ninth studio album by American death metal band Deicide, released on April 28, 2008. This is the band's longest album, being 42 minutes long and presenting some doom metal influences. Initial copies of the album included a sew-on patch with an image of vocalist Glen Benton and the phrase "Glen Benton for President". The album was also released on several colours of vinyl in limited numbers. The artwork of the album cover is a segment of the painting Woman and Death (1518-1520) by Hans Baldung.
Track listing
Personnel
Glen Benton – bass, vocals
Steve Asheim – drums, guitars on "The Beginning of the End," "The End of the Beginning," "Angel of Agony," and "Horrors in the Halls of Stone"
Ralph Santolla – lead guitar
Jack Owen – rhythm guitar
Jim Morris – engineering, mixing, mastering
References
2008 albums
Deicide (band) albums
Earache Records albums
The Girdletree Barnes Bank is located on Snow Hill Road (Route 12) between Snow Hill and Stockton, Girdletree, Maryland, United States. The bank includes a walk-in vault and antique teller cages. The Girdletree Barnes Bank now serves as the Girdletree Barnes Bank Museum.
Girdletree Barnes Bank Museum
The Girdletree Barnes Bank Museum displays exhibits and memorabilia from the area.
Footnotes
External links
Girdletree Barnes Bank (Ocean City Vacation and Hotels Guide website)
Museums in Worcester County, Maryland
History museums in Maryland
Edward Arthur James Stallard (September 1892 – 30 October 1917) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward in the Southern Football League for West Ham United.
Personal life
Stallard served as a private in the London Regiment during the First World War. They were killed in action on 30 November 1917 during the Battle of Cambrai and is commemorated on the Cambrai Memorial to the Missing.
Career statistics
References
1892 births
Military personnel from London
Date of birth missing
1917 deaths
Footballers from Hackney, London
Association football forwards
English footballers
Southern Football League players
Chatham Town F.C. players
West Ham United F.C. players
British Army personnel of World War I
London Scottish soldiers
British military personnel killed in World War I
The Greenlees Golf Trophy is competed for annually by the member golf clubs of the West of Scotland Ladies Inter Club League. The league has three divisions, currently of nine clubs each, and each club team comprises nine players. It is a match-play competition where handicaps are ignored, and game points are gained by clubs. All the clubs are affiliated to Scottish Golf governing body.
Division 1 winners are awarded the Greenlees Trophy, donated in 1931 by the husband of the League`s founder Ysobel Greenlees, Division 2 winners receive a Greenlees Cup awarded by Ysobel Greenlees in 1954 when that division first played, and Division 3 winners receive the Greenlees Shield, first played for in 1986. The results and division tables throughout each playing season are recorded online at Ladies Club Golf News around the West of Scotland.
History
The League was founded by Ysobel Greenlees – a member of the Greenlees Scotch Whisky family - to encourage competitive golf for ladies on a scratch basis, and the first year 1930/31 was won by Prestwick St Nicholas. Ysobel Greenlees (née Findlay) was born in Glasgow in 1902 and brought up in Troon.
They learned golf at Prestwick St Nicholas Golf Club, becoming Ladies Champion, before moving to Troon Ladies Golf Club]].
Ysobel Greenlees became West of Scotland Ladies Champion in 1932, and became a regular member of the Scottish Ladies Team.
They were a leading member of the first-ever international British Ladies Team which toured Australia and New Zealand, in 1935, playing en route in India; and captained Britain playing France in 1938, to success in France.
From 1939, due to World War II, the League was suspended for ten years until 1949, when Troon won.
They advertised in the Glasgow Herald inviting more clubs to join in – creating a second division in 1954, and a third division followed in 1986. They were a vivacious, powerful golfer, and when playing in the Open competitions newspapers reported “her golf gives more aesthetic pleasure to the spectator than any other of the competitors.”
Organization
Each member club has a Greenlees secretary, and there is a West of Scotland secretary and committee. The member clubs as of 2015 are – Ayr Belleisle, Bothwell Castle, Cardross, Cathcart Castle, Cathkin Braes, Cawder, Cowglen, Douglas Park, Erskine, East Renfrewshire, Eastwood, Greenock, Haggs Castle, Hilton Park, Kilmacolm, Kilmarnock Barassie, Lanark, Largs, Lenzie, Loudon Gowf, Milngavie, Old Ranfurly, Prestwick St Nicholas, Ranfurly Castle, Troon Ladies, West Kilbride, Whitecraigs, and Williamwood. In 2015 the 75th Anniversary of Greenlees League competition was celebrated, with West of Scotland events being hosted by Cathcart Castle Golf Club, Clarkston.
References
Golf tournaments in Scotland
1931 establishments in Scotland
Amateur golf tournaments in the United Kingdom
Recurring sporting events established in 1931
Annual sporting events in the United Kingdom
Women's golf in the United Kingdom
Alanson Weeks (September 15, 1877 – November 25, 1947) was an American football player and medical doctor.
Weeks was born in Allegan, Michigan, in 1877. They were the son of Julia Shoemaker and Capt. Harrison Weeks. They enrolled at the University of Michigan and played college football as a fullback for the undefeated 1898 Michigan Wolverines football team that were declared "Champions of the West." Their younger brother, Boss Weeks, was the captain for Fielding H. Yost's "Point-a-Minute" teams at Michigan.
Weeks graduated from the University of Michigan in 1899 with a medical degree. They moved to San Francisco, California, where they became a surgeon. They were in that city at the time of the 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire. From 1912 until 1919 (except for the time in military service), they were the chief surgeon of San Francisco's emergency hospital service. For many years, they also served as a professor of surgery at the University of California Medical School. They were also "credited with developing many surgical procedures" which became common practice.
Weeks served as a Major in the U.S. Army Medical Corps during World War I. They were awarded the Army Distinguished Service Medal for meritorious and distinguished service for their work as a surgeon and director of surgical teams at the front during the Second Battle of the Marne, the Battle of Saint-Mihiel, and the Meuse-Argonne Offensive.
Weeks later served as the chief surgeon at St. Luke's Hospital in San Francisco, holding that position until their retirement in 1946.
In 1947, Weeks died of a heart attack at the Pacific Union Club in San Francisco. They had been living at the Club since their wife died in 1943.
References
1877 births
1947 deaths
19th-century players of American football
Michigan Wolverines football players
United States Army personnel of World War I
People from Allegan, Michigan
Players of American football from San Francisco
Players of American football from Michigan
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
United States Army Medical Corps officers
American surgeons
University of Michigan Medical School alumni
Military personnel from Michigan
Physicians from Michigan
20th-century American physicians
20th-century surgeons
Bastnäs ( or ) is an ore field near Riddarhyttan, Västmanland, Sweden. The mines in Bastnäs were earliest mentioned in 1692. Iron, copper and rare-earth elements were extracted from the mines and 4,500 tons of cerium was produced between 1875 and 1888.
The chemical element cerium was first discovered in Bastnäs in 1803 by Jöns Jakob Berzelius and Wilhelm Hisinger in the form of its oxide, ceria, and independently in Germany by Martin Heinrich Klaproth. Lanthanum was also first discovered in minerals from Bastnäs in 1839 by Carl Gustav Mosander. The mineral bastnäsite is named after Bastnäs.
Gallery
References
External links
Images by Jakob Ehrensvärd
Västmanland
Mines in Sweden
Buildings and structures in Västmanland County
Beşkonak is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010, it had a population of 95 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Jonas Tamulis (born March 5, 1958) is a Lithuanian politician. A liberal member of parliament, in 1990 they were among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.
Tamulis served as special guest to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe from February 2001 to February 2002.
References
1958 births
Living people
Lithuanian politicians
Tum or TUM can refer to:
Education
Technical University of Munich ()
TUM Institute for Advanced Study
TUM Asia
Technological University (Mandalay)
The University of Manila
Places
Tum, Poland; a village
Tum Collegiate Church
Tum, Ethiopia; a village in the Maji District near Tum Airport
Tum Airport (IATA airport code TUJ, ICAO airport code HAMJ), Maji Woreda, Ethiopia
Tumut Airport, IATA airport code "TUM"
Tumbes Region, Peru, ISO 3166-2 code PE-TUM, shortened to TUM
Tuen Mun station, Hong Kong; MTR station code TUM
People
Tecla Tum, Kenyan politician
Stephanie Tum (born 1987), Cameroonian actor
Tum Saray (born 1992), Cambodian soccer player
Rigoberta Menchú Tum, (born 1959), an indigenous Guatemalan and 1992 Nobel Peace Prize laureate
Mehmet Tüm (born 1957), Turkish politician
Hervé Tum (born 1979), Cameroonian soccer player
Gerard Tum (1040–1120), founder of the Order of St John of Jerusalem (the Knights Hospitaller)
Other uses
The human stomach or abdomen
Totally Unimodular Matrix, in mathematics
Tumbuka language (ISO 639-2 and 639-3 language code tum)
Tum, aka Toum, a variety of the Phong language cluster
Tum: A Dangerous Obsession, 2004 Hindi film
Tum: My Pledge of Love, 2011 Philippine film
Truck Utility Medium, British Army designation for the long wheelbase variant of the Land Rover Wolf
See also
Atum, an Egyptian god
Tums (disambiguation)
Tumtum (disambiguation), including tum tum
The South Isle of Gletness is an islet off Gletness, in Nesting in east central, Mainland, Shetland. It is 30m at its highest point.
Amongst its features are some caves.
The North Isle of Gletness is nearby.
See also
List of islands of Scotland
References
Shetlopedia
Uninhabited islands of Shetland
Martha Hopkins Struever (1931–2017) was an American Indian art dealer, author, and leading scholar on historic and contemporary Pueblo Indian pottery and Pueblo and Navajo Indian jewelry. In June 2015, a new gallery in the Wheelwright Museum of the American Indian, was named for them The first permanent museum gallery devoted to Native American jewelry, the Martha Hopkins Struever Gallery, is part of the Center for the Study of Southwestern Jewelry.
Early personal life and education
Struever was born in 1931 in Milan, Indiana, the only child of Lester Harper Hopkins, M.D. and Eva Montalie (Neill) Hopkins. They grew up in rural southeastern Indiana in Versailles. After obtaining their Bachelor of Science degree from Purdue University in Lafayette, Indiana in 1953, Struever attended the Tobé-Coburn School For Fashion Careers (now the Wood Tobé Coburn School) in New York City. On November 16, 1953 they married Richard Burnham Lanman Sr. of Hammond, Indiana with whom they had two sons: Richard Burnham Lanman, M.D. and Todd Hopkins Lanman, M.D. They were widowed when Richard Sr. died of leukemia on December 8, 1966. Martha married Edgar Allen "Bud" Cusick in 1971 and divorced in 1988.
Career
After being widowed, Struever began collecting and dealing in American Indian art. In 1971 they visited San Ildefonso Pueblo and purchased their first piece, a "gun metal sheen" pottery plate by Maria Montoya Martinez and their son Popovi Da. In 1976, they established the Indian Tree Gallery in Chicago, Illinois featuring historic and contemporary American Indian jewelry, pottery, Kachina dolls, weavings, and paintings. In order to bring the best Southwestern Indian artists to their Chicago gallery, they visited the Pueblo and Navajo reservations (often alone) to begin what were to become lifelong relationships with such prominent artists such as Charles Loloma, the foremost American Indian jeweler, and Dextra Quotskuyva, the pre-eminent contemporary Hopi potter. Martha helped many Indian artists gain exposure outside of Southwestern markets by sponsoring shows for them in Chicago. Martha hosted Maria Martinez at their Chicago gallery in 1977 - and arranged a special reception at the Chicago Art Institute for the then 90-year-old potter. In addition to prominent artists, a primary focus of Martha's career has been the identification and encouragement of talented new Indian potters and jewelers. Martha sponsored the first exhibitions of now-notable jewelers Gail Bird and Yazzie Johnson, Richard Chavez, Norbert Peshlaki, and Perry Shorty, as well as potters Dextra Quotskuyva, Steve Lucas and Les Namingha.
On November 12, 1988, Struever married noted archaeologist Stuart M. Struever and relocated to Santa Fe, New Mexico. By 2006, they were recognized as the "grande dame" of American Indian art dealers, and received the first Lifetime Achievement Award from the Antique Tribal Art Dealers Association "for contributions to the understanding and preservation of tribal art".
Over the past thirty years, Struever conducted over sixty traveling art and archaeology seminars throughout Navajo and Pueblo lands. Them seminars were enriched by their relationships with the many Indian artists whose careers they have encouraged.
Struever's philanthropic work included overseeing nine Indian Art Shows in Chicago, Washington, DC, and Denver, bringing 25 artists to each event, for the benefit of the nonprofit Crow Canyon Archaeological Center. Crow Canyon was founded by their husband, Stuart Struever.
They had two sons. They died on September 24, 2017. The Martha Struever Indian Art Collection is now hosted by the Turquoise and Tufa Gallery in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Publications and scholarly work
Struever published reference works, authoring the two books "Loloma: Beauty Is Their Name" (Wheelwright Museum, 2006) and "Painted Perfection: The Pottery of Dextra Quotskuyva" (Wheelwright Museum, 2002), as well as museum catalogues entitled "Nampeyo: A Gift Remembered" (Kendall College, Mitchell Museum, 1984), "Hopi Art: A Century of Continuity and Change" (San Francisco Museum of Craft and Folk Art, 1987), and "Legends of Pueblo Pottery" (Wheelwright Museum, 1997). They have guest curated museum exhibitions in several cities. As Struever's scholarly reputation has grown, they have become recognized as one of the foremost experts on the pottery of Nampeyo, the jewelry of Loloma and the works of other significant Southwestern Indian artists.
References
External links
Martha Hopkins Struever home page
Mitchell Museum of the American Indian
Museum of New Mexico
Wheelwright Museum of the American Indian
Turquoise and Tufa Gallery hosts the Martha Struever Collection
1931 births
2017 deaths
American art dealers
Women art dealers
Purdue University alumni
People from Ripley County, Indiana
People from Versailles, Indiana
Lauren Howe (born April 30, 1959) is an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour.
Howe won once on the LPGA Tour in 1983.
Amateur wins
this list may be incomplete
1977 Women's Western Amateur
Professional wins
LPGA Tour wins (1)
LPGA Tour playoff record (0–1)
References
External links
American female golfers
Tulsa Golden Hurricane women's golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Utah
Sportspeople from Provo, Utah
1959 births
Living people
The Royal Air Force Mountain Rescue Service (RAFMRS) provides the UK military's only all-weather search and rescue asset for the United Kingdom. Royal Air Force mountain rescue teams (MRTs) were first organised during World War II to rescue aircrew from the large number of aircraft crashes then occurring due to navigational errors in conjunction with bad weather and resulting poor visibility when flying in the vicinity of high ground. The practice at the time was to organise ad-hoc rescue parties from station medical sections and other ground personnel.
Experience demonstrated that this could be dangerous. While the mountains of the United Kingdom are not very tall, they contain much formerly glaciated terrain with steep cliffs, talus slopes, high peaks and cirque basins, and generally experience a sub-Arctic climate at relatively low altitudes. Snow and high winds, sometimes in excess of , are possible any month of the year. Rescue operations in these conditions require personnel with specialised mountaineering training and equipment.
The Royal Air Force mountain rescue teams are credited with some of the earliest development of mountain rescue techniques and teams in the United Kingdom and overseas. RAFMRS teams continue to contribute to life-saving and mountain safety. Since the closure of military Search and Rescue (Helicopter) RAFMRS moved from 2 Groups to the newly reformed 38 Groups in 2015 until its disbandment in 2020 and has now direct oversight by No. 85 (Expeditionary Logistics) Wing RAF.
History
Foundation
RAF policy from the very early days of 1918 was for the station medical officer to attend all aircraft crashes as, initially at least, the low air speeds meant that many crashes were survivable and first aid would be given before the crews were moved either into station sick quarters or a hospital. A single RAF medical officer, Flight Lieutenant George Desmond Graham (also known as "Doc" Graham), is credited with pressurising the Air Ministry into forming the RAF Mountain Rescue Service (MRS). Graham was one of several RAF medical doctors who organized teams at RAF Llandwrog in North Wales in 1943, at RAF Millom (southern Lake District), and at RAF Harpur Hill (Peak District), where Flt Lt (later Air Commodore) Dr David Crichton performed a similar role. Graham's team rescued dozens of allied airmen from Snowdonia before Graham was posted to Burma, where they took part in an early para-rescue operation (strikingly similar to one generally credited as the beginning of United States Air Force Pararescue), saving the life of a Royal Canadian Air Force navigator, Flying Officer W Prosser.
Shortly after the war the fledgling service was reorganized and retrained along professional grounds through an influx of trained mountaineers, including Sgt Hans Pick, a former Austrian Army Alpine instructor and Sergeant J R "Johnny" Lees, whose involvement with the service is recounted by author and mountain guide Gwen Moffat in their 1964 book about the early days of the service. Other notable early team leaders include Squadron Leader David Dattner OBE. AFC, Flt Sgt JR Lees GM.BEM, Corporal Colin Pibworth BEM, and Chief Technician John Hinde BEM.
Early years
A mountain rescue operation is known as a "call-out." Particularly noteworthy call-outs include the extended search for the remains of the crew of Avro Lancaster TX 264 of No. 120 Squadron RAF, which crashed into Scotland's Beinn Eighe on 14 March 1951. Recovering all the remains took several months, and led to public criticism of the fledgling service from mountaineering groups, which helped prod the RAF to provide specialized personnel, better training, and proper equipment. Less than a year later, an Aer Lingus Douglas DC-3 crashed into a mountain near Porthmadog in Snowdonia with 23 people on board, and RAFMRS personnel recovered the remains.
Over the 1950s, the service became more professional and better coordinated with civilian authorities. Many noteworthy civilian volunteer mountain rescue teams in the UK began as RAFMRS "sub-units." Two air crashes high in the mountains of Turkey during the 1950s provided call-outs for the first of several overseas teams of the RAFMRS, based at RAF Nicosia in Cyprus. Both crashes had a sense of Cold War espionage, involving secret nuclear papers and equipment. To this day the service's historians feel they lack all the details. Other overseas teams were based in Aden, Sharjah, Sultanate of Oman and Hong Kong. The middle eastern teams were characterized as "desert rescue," and British Army personnel were occasionally involved.
The RAF allowed female RAFMRS team members for the first time in 1994, when the then Inspector of Land Rescue, Squadron Leader Brian Canfer, tired of having to rationalize excluding women to a UK parliamentary all-party group, agreed to a trial of female volunteers. Advice from the Dutch fire service at the time was that they be accepted, but on utterly equal terms regarding physical fitness and mountaineering requirements.
Since their formation, the teams have rescued thousands of civilian walkers and climbers and responded to hundreds of aircraft crashes. Perhaps the most famous call-out of all was for the crash of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland in 1988, also known as the Lockerbie Air Disaster. This terrorist incident resulted in the scattering of human remains over a wide swath of southern Scotland. The call-out involved four of the six teams then in existence and "stretched the personnel involved to the limits". Psychological effects on RAF MR troops that took part in the call-out were described in "Trauma" by Professor Gordon Turnbull, who was an RAF psychiatrist with personal knowledge of RAF MR.
Recent history
Helicopter operations, frequently used in mountain rescue, were until recently conducted in cooperation with No. 202 Squadron RAF and No. 22 Squadron RAF. These two squadrons, with the three remaining MRTs and headquarters, and the Rescue Coordination Centre at the former RAF Kinloss, comprised RAF Search and Rescue. In 2015, the helicopter squadrons were disbanded, and their search and rescue role assigned to the Bristow Group, a private corporation. Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, spent two weeks working with RAF Mountain Rescue in 2005, and Buckingham Palace cites this as background to their later decision to become the patron of Mountain Rescue England and Wales.
Training
All RAF MRT members are volunteers. RAFMRS team members are known as "M.R. Troops" or just "Troops." Traditionally, team membership is reserved for enlisted men and women; although officers may serve as either Mountain Rescue Team liaison Officers (MRTLO) or as a Troop, NB this is not at all the same thing as being the team leader but simply a mechanism linking the Team to the station's executives. The position of Team Leader is reserved for a senior NCO, generally a seasoned veteran. For some, service on a team is a primary duty, and they are known as the Permanent Staff or PS. For others, it is a part-time activity in addition to their normal RAF trade or branch for which they are granted relief from other normal secondary duties, such as guard duty.Most training is done "on the hill", the term for mountaineering training days. The MRS has a training syllabus that must be completed by each 'Troop'. New troops are considered "novices." After personnel have completed the first part of the syllabus they sit a practical and theory test to become 'part trained' and this permits the wearing of the mountain rescue badge on the right fore-sleeve of dress uniform and the RAF blue jumper, one of only two special service badges recognized for RAF enlisted men, the other being the badge of a qualified marksman. Walking, mountain navigation, high-angle rescue techniques, rock climbing, and winter mountaineering are the primary training activities, which are carried out in all weathers. After the 'part trained' section 'troops' then complete 'Trained' and 'Party Leader' status both having theory and practical tests. Alongside these core elements RAF MRS also have 'Intermediate and Immediate Emergency Care Provider' (IEC), 'Rock Leader', 'Rock Instructor', 'Winter Leader' and 'Winter Instructor'.
A regular 'Troop' is expected to spend upwards of 30 weekends a year training on the hill. Many Himalayan expeditions have been mounted, and troops and ex-troops have participated in other organizations' expeditions. In 1970, ex RAF Kinloss troop Ian Clough died when a serac collapsed on them while descending Annapurna on an expedition with Chris Bonington. Other sites for expeditions have included Alaska's Denali, the first RAF single service ascent of Mt. Everest in 2001, and Antarctica, where troops have volunteered for British Antarctic Survey duties.
Each year the service runs several courses to ensure that personnel are sufficiently qualified and bring forward new 'Troops'. These courses include Summer and Winter mountaineering courses where the focus is on training lead climbers, Technical Rescue courses focusing on new techniques and a Party Leader course. A special course is held when needed every few years to train team leaders.
Structure
The RAF Mountain Rescue Service comprises three teams, based at RAF Valley in North Wales, RAF Leeming in England and RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland. A headquarters is based at RAF Valley which provides administration, training and equipment support.
The service reports to No. 85 Expeditionary Logistics Wing, based at RAF Wittering in Cambridgeshire.
Awards and decorations
The following major UK Forces decorations have been awarded to past and serving members of the RAFMRS:
George Medal
Flight Sergeant J R Lees (Amphitheatre Buttress rescue, 1958)
Officer of the Order of the British Empire
Acting Squadron Leader David Dattner (1954)
Member of the Order of the British Empire
Flight Lieutenant GD Graham (services to mountain rescue, 1943)
Flight Lieutenant D Crichton (services to mountain rescue, 1946)
Flight Lieutenant R Robertson (Mount Suphan (Turkey) call-out, 1959)
Squadron Leader J Sims, (services to mountain rescue, 1967)
Squadron Leader G Blackburn (services to mountain rescue, 1984)
Squadron Leader W Gault, (Lockerbie Air Disaster, 1989)
Warrant Officer R Sefton (services to mountain rescue, 1993)
Sergeant P Duckworth (services to mountain rescue, 1995)
Flight Sergeant W Batson (services to mountain rescue, 1996)
Sergeant A Sylvester (services to mountain rescue, 1998)
Sergeant C Van der Lee (services to mountain rescue, 1998)
Corporal W J McRitchie (services to mountain rescue, 1999)
Flight Lieutenant N Daniel (services to mountain rescue, 2001)
Flight Sergeant J A F Coull (services to mountain rescue, 2001)
Flight Sergeant D Whalley (services to mountain rescue, 2002)
Flight Sergeant M Carroll (services to mountain rescue, 2003)
Warrant Officer A B Haveron (services to mountain rescue, 2003)
Squadron Leader N Barr (services to mountain rescue, 2002)
Queen's Commendation for Bravery
Senior Aircraftman G Hercod (Mount Suphan (Turkey) call-out, 1959)
Flight Sergeant G Bruce (call out for missing school party in Cairngorms, 1971)
Sergeant W Batson (Lockerbie Air Disaster, 1989)
Sergeant P Winn, (Lockerbie Air Disaster, 1989)
Flight Sergeant D Whalley (Lockerbie Air Disaster, 1989)
British Empire Medal
Corporal G McTigue (services to mountain rescue, 1943)
Flight Sergeant D E Siddons (services to mountain rescue, 1950)
Senior Aircraftman M Brown (Beinn Eighe call-out, 1952)
Corporal C D Austin (services to mountain rescue, 1952)
Sergeant J Mooring (services to mountain rescue, 1958)
Flight Sergeant H Appleby (Mount Suphan (Turkey) call-out, 1959)
Sergeant J Emmerson (Mount Suphan (Turkey) call-out, 1959)
Senior Aircraftsman G Murphy (Mount Suphan (Turkey) call-out, 1959)
Sergeant J Steed, (services to mountain rescue, 1960)
Flight Sergeant JR Lees (services to mountain rescue, 1962)
Flight Sergeant W Brankin (services to mountain rescue, 1963)
Sergeant G Patterson (Wadi Mukeiras call-out, 1959)
Chief Technician J Hinde (services to mountain rescue, 1964)
Sergeant P McGowan (services to mountain rescue, 1971)
Corporal C Pibworth (services to mountain rescue and desert rescue, 1972)
Flight Sergeant J Tunnah (services to mountain rescue, 1972)
Flight Sergeant G Bruce (services to mountain rescue and Elephant Island Expedition, 1973)
Flight Sergeant H Oldham (services to mountain rescue, 1976)
Flight Sergeant R Sefton (services to mountain rescue, 1977)
Flight Sergeant J Baines (services to mountain rescue, 1979)
Chief Technician J Craig (services to mountain rescue, 1979)
Flight Sergeant A Haveron (services to mountain rescue, 1984)
Flight Sergeant D Shanks (services to mountain rescue, 1986)
Flight Sergeant K Taylor (services to mountain rescue, 1987)
Flight Sergeant P Weatherill (services to mountain rescue, 1987)
Flight Sergeant D Whalley (services to mountain rescue, 1992)
Flight Sergeant P Kirkpatrick (services to mountain rescue, 1993)
References
Further reading
External links
Official website RAF SAR
The Meccano Magazine April 1959, page 174 by Arthur Nettleton
The War Illustrated Vol. 7 No. 169 10 December 1943
The Badge Newsletter: The Other Badge - Walking in the Footsteps of Legends. The RAF PTI Association
JOHN HINDE RAF MRT TEAM LEADER diaries
Royal Air Force
Mountain rescue agencies
William Vernon Harris (born 13 September 1938) was the William R. Shepherd Professor of History at Columbia University until December 2017.  They are the author of numerous groundbreaking monographs on the Greco-Roman world, they are a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences, and they were awarded the Distinguished Achievement Award by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation in 2008.
Life and career
William V. Harris was born on 13 September 1938 in Nottingham, England. They attended Bristol Grammar School (1949–1956) and then was an Open Scholar in Classics at Corpus Christi College, Oxford. They earned first class in Classical Moderations in 1959, then first class in Literae Humaniores in 1961. From 1961 they pursued graduate studies as a State Student at Oxford, spending the year 1961-1962 in Rome (where they worked with J.B. Ward-Perkins), and was then the T.W. Greene Scholar in Classical Art and Archaeology. Their dissertation supervisor was M. W. Frederiksen, and they received their D. Phil. in 1968.
From 1964 to 1965 Harris served as Lecturer in Ancient History at Queen's University, Belfast. In 1965, they joined the faculty of Columbia University where they chaired the History Department from 1988 to 1994. In 1995 they were awarded the William R. Shepherd Professorship in History at Columbia. Beginning in 2000, they were director of Columbia's Center for the Ancient Mediterranean, which they co-founded. In 2002 they became a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences, and in 2008 they were awarded the Distinguished Achievement Award by the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation. In 2011 they were elected a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy.
Harris's work first attracted wide attention with their 1979 book War and Imperialism in Republican Rome, 327-70 BC, which contradicted several received doctrines about the nature of Roman imperial expansion across the Mediterranean world. One reviewer wrote: "In the process of evolving their interpretation, they tread on the toes of a majority of the living scholars (and a large number of deceased ones) who have interested themselves in this problem." The book has remained continuously in print. They then turned towards social history and published in 1989 what is probably their most controversial book, Ancient Literacy, in which they maintain that while the Greeks and Romans created deeply literate cultures, the mass of the Greek or Roman population remained illiterate. In the same period Harris began to work extensively on economic history, publishing a series of papers about slavery, money and other issues that were collected in Rome's Imperial Economy (2011). During their two three-year terms, covering 1988 to 1994, as the elected chair of the Columbia University History Department–he was acting chair again in 2005–the department moved to correct its gender imbalance. In the 1990s they began to work intensively on psychological aspects of ancient history, and in 2001 they published Restraining Rage: the Ideology of Anger Control in Classical Antiquity. Columbia College's undergraduates awarded this book its Lionel Trilling Award.
Sexual harassment complaint
In October 2017, a Columbia University doctoral student, identified as Jane Doe, filed suit in the U.S. District Court for Southern New York against Harris and the trustees of Columbia University, alleging that Harris had repeatedly sexually harassed them throughout the years 2014 and 2015. The complaint also alleges that when the student rejected Harris's advances, they disparaged them to colleagues and fellow graduate students and that, as a result, the student withdrew from Columbia for the 2015-2016 academic year. The student claimed that university administration was aware that Harris had a history of harassment towards female students but had taken no steps address the situation. The complaint was brought under Title IX and the New York City Human Rights Law. On 30 October the University notified History Department faculty and graduate students via email that Harris "agreed with the university to withdraw from their teaching, advising and other student-related activities". It called the allegations in the lawsuit "a subject of considerable discussion and concern". A representative for the University said Harris remained an employee.
Two women, Wayne State University associate professor Jennifer Sheridan Moss and Duke University professor Jennifer Knust, came forward in December 2017 to report similar incidents with Harris in the 1980s when they were graduate students at Columbia. They and four unidentified women have indicated they are willing to testify in the lawsuit. Moss said they have successfully sought help in preventing Harris from retaliating against them from Roger S. Bagnall, then a Columbia professor and now professor emeritus at New York University. According to the New York Times, Bagnall said they "was aware of Dr. Harris's reputation for pursuing and harassing young women". They said: "even in the mid-80s, that just wasn't acceptable".
After Harris had stepped down from their teaching and student-related duties in October 2017, they retired voluntarily on 18 December as part of the settlement in the lawsuit filed in October. Columbia University stated that they would not be granted emeritus status or involved in any University activities. Harris has retained their status as a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the British Academy.
Publications
Monographs
1971: Rome in Etruria and Umbria (Oxford: Clarendon Press), pp. x + 370
1979: War and Imperialism in Republican Rome, 327–70 B.C. (Oxford: Clarendon Press), pp. xii + 293 (corrected reprint, 1985; Spanish translation: Guerra e imperialismo en la Roma republicana, 327-70 a.C. Madrid: Siglo XXI)
1989: Ancient Literacy (Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard U.P.), pp. xvi + 383 (1991: Italian translation: Lettura e istruzione nel mondo antico, Rome and Bari: Laterza)
2002: Restraining Rage: the Ideology of Anger Control in Classical Antiquity (Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard U.P.), awarded the 2002 James Henry Breasted Prize of the American Historical Association
2009: Dreams and Experience in Classical Antiquity (Harvard University Press)
2011: Rome's Imperial Economy: Twelve Essays (Oxford University Press)
2016: Roman Power: a Thousand Years of Empire (Cambridge University Press)
Edited volumes
1984: The Imperialism of Mid Republican Rome (Papers and Monographs of the American Academy in Rome, vol. xxix, Rome)
1986: (with Roger S. Bagnall) Studies in Roman Law in Memory of A. Arthur Schiller (Columbia Studies in the Classical Tradition, vol. 13, Leiden)
1993: The Inscribed Economy: Production and Distribution in the Roman Empire in the light of instrumentum domesticum (Supplementary vol.6 of the Journal of Roman Archaeology, Ann Arbor)
1999: The Transformations of Urbs Roma in Late Antiquity (Supplementary vol. 33 of the Journal of Roman Archaeology)
2004: (with Giovanni Ruffini) Ancient Alexandria between Egypt and Greece (Columbia Studies in the Classical Tradition, vol. 26, Leiden: E.J. Brill)
2005: Rethinking the Mediterranean (Oxford: Clarendon Press)
2005: (with Elio Lo Cascio) Noctes Campanae: studi di storia ed archeologia dell'Italia preromana e romana in memoria di Martin Frederiksen (Naples: Luciano)
2005: The Spread of Christianity in the First Four Centuries: Essays in Explanation (Columbia Studies in the Classical Tradition, vol. 27, Leiden: E. J. Brill)
2008: Monetary Systems of the Greeks and Romans (Oxford: Oxford University Press)
2008: (with Brooke Holmes) Aelius Aristides between Greece, Rome and the Gods
2011: (with Kristine Iara) Maritime Technology in the Ancient Economy (Portsmouth, RI)
2013: Mental Disorders in the Classical World (Columbia Studies in the Classical Tradition, vol. 38, Leiden: E. J. Brill)
2013: The Ancient Mediterranean Environment between Science and History (Columbia Studies in the Classical Tradition, vol.39, Leiden: E. J. Brill)
2013: Moses Finley and Politics (Columbia Studies in the Classical Tradition, vol. 40, Leiden: E. J. Brill)
2016: Popular Medicine in the Graeco-Roman World (Columbia Studies in the Classical Tradition, vol. 42, Leiden: E. J. Brill)
References
External links
Columbia University, Department of Classics
Center for the Ancient Mediterranean
1938 births
Living people
Columbia University faculty
People educated at Bristol Grammar School
Corresponding Fellows of the British Academy
Sholem Aleichem is a crater on Mercury, named after the Yiddish writer Sholem Aleichem. The inter-crater plain deposits have been deformed by linear ridges.
Adjacent to the Sholem Aleichem crater to the southeast is the older and larger Vyāsa crater. Further to the east is Stravinsky crater. To the south and southeast are the similarly sized Al-Hamadhani crater and Scarlatti crater. To the west are To Ngoc Van crater and Bruegel crater. To the northwest is Al-Akhtal crater.
Hollows
References
Impact craters on Mercury
The Little Minister is a 1934 American drama film starring Katharine Hepburn and directed by Richard Wallace. The screenplay by Jane Murfin, Sarah Y. Mason, and Victor Heerman is based on the 1891 novel and subsequent 1897 play of the same title by J.M. Barrie. The picture was the fifth film adaptation of the works, following four silent film versions. The original novel was the third of the three "Thrums" novels (a town based on their home of Kirriemuir), which first brought Barrie to fame.
Plot
Set in rural 1840s Scotland, the film explores labor and class issues while telling the story of Gavin Dishart, a staid cleric who is newly assigned to Thrums' Auld Licht church, and Babbie, a member of the nobility who disguises themselves as a gypsy girl in order to interact freely with the local villagers and protect them from their betrothed, Lord Rintoul, who wants to keep them under their control. The townsfolk christen Dishart “The Little Minister” on their arrival because of their youth (this is their first parish) and their short stature. Initially the conservative Dishart is appalled by the feisty girl, but they soon comes to appreciate their inner goodness. Their romantic liaison scandalizes the townspeople, and the minister's position is jeopardized until Dishart's heroism stuns and transforms the hearts of the local villagers.
Cast
Katharine Hepburn as Babbie
John Beal as Reverend Gavin Dishart
Alan Hale as Rob Dow
Donald Crisp as Doctor McQueen
Lumsden Hare as Tammas Whammond
Andy Clyde as Policeman Wearyworld
Beryl Mercer as Mrs. Margaret Dishart, Gavin's mother
Billy Watson as Micah Dow
Dorothy Stickney as Jean Proctor
Mary Gordon as Nanny Webster
Frank Conroy as Lord Milford Rintoul
Eily Malyon as Lady Evalina Rintoul
Reginald Denny as Captain Halliwell
Production
Katharine Hepburn initially rejected the role of Babbie, then reconsidered, against the advice of their agent Leland Hayward, when Margaret Sullavan was offered the role. The film was budgeted at $650,000, which at the time was considered a high amount, and much of it was spent on exterior shooting in California's Sherwood Forest and Laurel Canyon and on the elaborate village set constructed on RKO Forty Acres back lot. (It later was used in a number of films, including Laurel and Hardy's Bonnie Scotland). It was RKO's most expensive film of the year and the most expensive film in which Hepburn had appeared.
The soundtrack includes the traditional Scottish tunes "The Bonnie Banks O' Loch Lomond," "Comin' Thro' the Rye," and "House of Argyle." The 3-CD set Max Steiner: The RKO Years 1929-1936 includes 10 tracks of incidental music that Steiner composed for the film.
The film held its world premiere at Radio City Music Hall in New York City.
Reception
In their review in The New York Times, Andre Sennwald described the film as "a tender and lovingly arranged screen edition of Sir James's rueful little Scottish romance...in its mild-mannered and sober way, The Little Minister proves to be a photoplay of genuine charm." The film was popular but its high cost resulted in a loss of $9,000 and contributed to Hepburn's reputation as "box-office poison."
Leonard Maltin gives The Little Minister three and a half out of four stars, calling the film “charming“ and Hepburn “radiant“.
References
External links
1934 films
1934 drama films
American drama films
American black-and-white films
Films scored by Max Steiner
American films based on plays
Films based on works by J. M. Barrie
Films directed by Richard Wallace
Films set in Scotland
Films set in the 1840s
RKO Pictures films
Films with screenplays by Jane Murfin
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Italian pepper may refer to:
Peperoncino
Friggitello
Peperone crusco
See also
Pepe (disambiguation)
Kınık, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
N'Goutjina is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 236 square kilometers and includes 8 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 18,667. The village of N'Goutjina, the administrative centre (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 10 km south of Koutiala.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
The Hăuzeasca is a left tributary of the river Gladna in Romania. It flows into the Gladna in Fârdea. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Timiș County
The is a Bo′Bo′+Bo′Bo′ wheel arrangement multi-voltage AC two-unit electric locomotive type operated by Japan Freight Railway Company (JR Freight) in Japan hauling freight trains on the Kaikyō Line through the Seikan Tunnel separating mainland Honshu with the northern island of Hokkaido. A prototype locomotive was delivered in January 2013 for evaluation and testing, with full-production locomotives delivered from June 2014, entering service from July 2014.
Background
In order to allow Hokkaido Shinkansen services to operate through the dual-gauge Seikan Tunnel (which commenced on 26 March 2016), the overhead line system voltage was raised from the narrow gauge standard of 20 kV AC to the standard shinkansen power supply of 25 kV AC. A fleet of approximately 20 new dual-voltage locomotives capable of operating under either 20 kV or 25 kV was therefore required to replace the Class ED79 and Class EH500 locomotives previously used to haul freight and overnight sleeping car services through the tunnel. These locomotives are also compatible with the digital ATC and feature digital train wireless communications. The total cost of manufacturing the fleet of locomotives together with construction of new maintenance depot facilities was approximately 19 billion yen.
Design
The Bo′Bo′+Bo′Bo′ wheel arrangement locomotives are painted in an all-over red livery with a white bodyside line and silver wavy line.
Operations
The locomotives operate between Higashi-Aomori Freight Terminal and Goryōkaku Freight Terminal via the Kaikyō Line and Seikan Tunnel.
History
Design of the prototype locomotive, EH800-901, began in fiscal 2010, and the completed locomotive was unveiled to the press at the Toshiba factory in Fuchū, Tokyo, on 27 November 2012. It was delivered to JR Freight in Sendai in January 2013. Following delivery, the prototype locomotive was tested within the confines of Higashi-Fukushima Station before being moved to Goryōkaku Depot in Hokkaido for testing in winter conditions.
The first full-production locomotive was delivered in June 2014. This entered revenue service on 16 July 2014.
Fleet list
, 20 Class EH800 locomotives are in service.
Classification
The EH800 classification for this locomotive type is explained below. As with previous locomotive designs, the prototype is numbered EH800-901, with subsequent production locomotives numbered from EH800-1 onward.
E: Electric locomotive
H: Eight driving axles
800: AC locomotive with AC motors
See also
Train on Train, a piggy-back concept for transporting freight through the Seikan Tunnel at higher speeds
References
Further reading
External links
Toshiba press release (27 November 2012)
Electric locomotives of Japan
EH800
Railway locomotives introduced in 2013
Toshiba locomotives
20 kV AC locomotives
25 kV AC locomotives
1067 mm gauge locomotives of Japan
Bo′Bo′+Bo′Bo′ locomotives
Multi-system locomotives
Yenidumanlar, Antalya is a village in the District of Antalya, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
(French for art books or books of art) are books in which the illustration holds a predominant place in relation to the text. They often require high quality papers as they belong in the category of high quality publications.
History
According to a presentation from Élie Faure's (originally published from 1919–1921), the livre d'art is a new genre within the field of modern art, where each commentary (text) can be compared to the works (works of art, images) themselves, the juxtaposition and confrontation of images justifying the audacity of the connections between text and image which sometimes seem unusual.
The , a Paris-based publisher specialising in producing livres d'art, which presents itself as , launched a collection of artist monographs entitled "ABC" at the end of the 1950s. The books were produced in pocket format and intended for a general audience. Since 1980, the has been presented on an annual basis to reward the best livre d'art.
The "Découvertes" collection launched by Éditions Gallimard in 1986 is a new kind of artistic encyclopaedia with a dynamic page layout. Produced in pocket format and illustrated in colour, these books treat a wide range of subjects such as arts, archaeology, history, literature, music, philosophy, religion, sports, technology, all based on an abundant pictorial documentation and a way of bringing together visual documents and texts, enhanced by printing on coated paper. As commented in L'Express: "All served by omnipresent iconography, which is in harmony with the text. [...] In short, genuine monographs, published like art books. [...] 'Découvertes' changed the face of encyclopaedism and art book, adapting the book to the era of 'zapping'."
In 2003, the Prix Livre d'art of the awards ceremony La Nuit du livre was established by Élisabeth Chainet, according to her, the prize "celebrates beauty in books, these masterpieces that reveal two talents: that of the author, whether they are a writer, photographer or illustrator, but also that of the manufacturer. The beauty of a book is in fact the result of a perfect encounter between the intellectual world of the author and the technical world of the manufacturer." Mimmo Paladino's and became the first winners of the prize, which are outstanding for their "adequacy between Paladino's illustrations and Homer's texts, the quality of page layout by Richard Médioni, the choice of paper, typography, binding, etc."
See also
Bible moralisée
Biblia pauperum
Artist's book
Book Art
Book of Common Prayer (1845 illuminated version)
Coffee table book
Fine press
Graphic novel
Golden Age of Illustration
Illuminated manuscript
Miniature (illuminated manuscript)
Picture book
World of Art
References
Book design
Books by type
Illustrated books
Visual arts media
Singapore will be competed at the 2021 Asian Youth Para Games in Manama, Bahrain, from 2 to 6 December 2021. A total of 13 athletes competed in the games.
Theresa Goh is the chef de mission of the delegation.
Competitors
The following is the list of number of competitors in the Games:
Medalist
References
Singapore 2021
Asian Youth Para Games
Asian Youth Para Games, 2021
Nations at the 2021 Asian Youth Para Games
José Domício Coutinho is an author, real estate developer, and the founder of the Brazilian Library in New York. They were born in João Pessoa, Brazil in 1931. They migrated to the United States in 1959. They have a bachelor's degree in Aristotelian Thomistic Theology by the Gregorian University of Rome. They have a bachelor's degree in Anglo-Saxon Languages by the Jesuit University of Recife, Brazil. They have a Master and Ph.D. in Comparative Literature from the City University of New York (CUNY).
In 2006 Coutinho founded The Brazilian Library of New York, which houses 7,000 titles, with auditorium for events, conferences, literary gatherings, films and dramatic performances. The library has been visited by prominent representatives from government, diplomacy and academia. As a pioneer of a variety of cultural activities and traditions, the library appears to be the first and only one of its kind to operate inside and outside Brazil.
Coutinho is the author of the novel Duke the Dog Priest. They also authored Salomônica, a collection of Memory and Love Poems.
In 1986, Coutinho with their wife and two sons began a business in real estate appropriation and management of properties.
In 1999, Coutinho founded The Brazilian Writers Association of New York (UBENY). In 2002, they were admitted as Commander into the Order of Rio Branco a Brazilian Institution honoring those who have distinguished themselves in cultural and patriotic achievements.
In 2004, Coutinho founded the Brazilian Endowment for the Arts (BEA), a non-profit organization to preserve and promote the Brazilian Arts, Literature and Cultural Traditions for the Brazilian/American and Latin American Communities as well as for the public of different origins who are interested in the language music arts and cultural traditions of Brazil.
In 2004, Coutinho created The Machado de Assis Medal of Merit to honor those who distinguished themselves in Brazilian Cultural Traditions.
References
Living people
21st-century American writers
1931 births
People from João Pessoa, Paraíba
American male novelists
American male poets
American poets
American real estate businesspeople
Brazilian emigrants to the United States
XHSOS-FM is a radio station in Agua Prieta, Sonora, broadcasting on 97.3 FM. It is owned by Grupo Radiofónico ZER and airs a Regional Mexican format as La Ranchera 97.3.
History
The history of XHSOS begins on the AM band, with a station licensed to Naco. XETM on 1350 kHz was awarded to Jesús Manuel Franco Martínez on March 19, 1941. The station was originally licensed for operation at 1 kW day and night.
Francisco Ernesto Ruiz, who would go on to become the Spanish radio play-by-play voice of the Houston Astros, was a disc jockey at XETM from 1972 to 1981.
In 2000, XETM was sold to Arnoldo Rodríguez Zermeño, founder of Grupo ZER. Zermeño moved the station to El Sifón (with studios in Agua Prieta), changed its callsign to XESOS-AM and increased its power to 50 kW daytime on 670 kHz. After the United States Federal Communications Commission complained about interference to other stations on 670, Mexico moved XESOS to 730 AM at 300 watts of power.
The AM-FM migration saw XESOS become XHSOS-FM 97.3 with 25 kW of effective radiated power.
References
External links
Radio stations in Sonora
Radio stations established in 1941
Radio stations in Mexico with continuity obligations
National Commissions for UNESCO are national organizations that were established by Member States of UNESCO and which are the only such bodies in the whole UN system. T
The national commissions were established under Article VII of the Constitution of the UNESCO by UNESCO member countries on a permanent basis, and are associated with the government bodies of the member countries. Currently, there are 198 such National Commissions.
References
UNESCO
Inniscarra Lake is located along the River Lee in County Cork, Ireland. It is a human-made reservoir formed in the 1950s when Inniscarra Dam was constructed by the Electricity Supply Board. Construction of the dam commenced in 1953, with its floodgates first closed in 1956 and the reservoir fully formed by late 1957.
The National Rowing Center is located on its banks and the Irish National Rowing Championships and other regattas are hosted there. The Coupe de la Jeunesse, a European youth rowing event, was held on Inniscarra Lake in 1999, 2008 and 2018.
The lake is located largely within the civil parish of Inniscarra, and nearby settlements include Farran (on the reservoir's south bank) and Coachford and Dripsey (to the north).
Fish stocks in the reservoir include rudd, roach, carp, perch, gudgeon, eels, pike and bream.
See also
List of loughs in Ireland
References
Landforms of County Cork
Ireland
Sarah: How a Hockey Mom Turned Alaska's Political Establishment Upside Down is a biography of Sarah Palin written by Kaylene Johnson. Written before Palin was nominated for the Vice President of the United States, it describes their upbringing and their quick rise to power as Governor of Alaska.
The book was called the "definitive primer" on Palin as of the time of their vice presidential nomination.
History
The author, Kaylene Johnson, is a longtime Alaska resident who lives outside of Wasilla, where Palin had served as mayor. Epicenter Press, which published the book, is a small publisher of books about Alaska, based in Seattle, Washington, run by editor Kent Sturgis, who was raised in Alaska.
Surgis approached Johnson for a "quick turnaround" biography of Palin, who was then Governor of Alaska. They gave them three months to write the book, which would be published and distributed within a further three months. They accepted because they had long admired Palin and wanted to learn more about the Governor.
In September 2008, after Palin's nomination as vice president, it was reprinted by Tyndale House.
Public and critical reception
The book had been selling relatively well in Alaska, with 6,500 books in print and 3,500 on order four months after publication. However, the vice presidential nomination by John McCain of the book's subject, who was then relatively unknown as a national political leader, caused an upsurge of interest. The day after McCain's announcement Barnes & Noble telephoned for an order of 15,000 copies. , the book had been on The New York Times Best Seller list for six weeks, peaking at number three, with more than 350,000 in print.
The book has been described as "upbeat", "friendly", "admiring", and "laudatory".
See also
Going Rogue: An American Life
Going Rouge: Sarah Palin An American Nightmare
References
External links
kaylene.us - author's official site
Alaska Magazine
The New York Observer
Time
Reuters
Minnpost
2008 non-fiction books
Books about Sarah Palin
Stuart Ryder (born 6 November 1973) is an English former professional footballer who played for Walsall, Mansfield Town and Nuneaton Borough.
Stuart was considered to have excellent potential, being selected for England U21s in the Toulon tournament but suffered a serious knee injury and was eventually forced to retire early
Honours
with Walsall
Football League Fourth Division runner-up: 1994–95
References
1973 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Sutton Coldfield
English footballers
England under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
Walsall F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Nuneaton Borough F.C. players
English Football League players
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hideaki Yoshikawa. The series is published by Media Factory in Japan and by Seven Seas Entertainment in the United States.
Release
Hideaki Yoshikawa began serializing the manga in the November issue of Media Factory's seinen manga magazine Monthly Comic Alive on 27 September 2014. The series concluded in the magazine's December 2015 issue on 27 October 2015, and has been collected into four volumes.
North American publisher Seven Seas Entertainment announced its license to the series on 14 July 2015.
Volumes
Reception
Rebecca Silverman of Anime News Network gave the first volume a grade of B−. They felt that the story was interesting, but that the volume suffered from being mostly setup. They also felt that the series' fanservice was out of place, writing that it seemed "as if Yoshikawa felt the need to stop and give us a show before moving the plot along." They were positive toward the sibling relationships portrayed in the story, enjoying the fact that they were platonic as opposed to "distracting us with a forbidden love angle." They called the manga's art "serviceable without being particularly good", noting the lack of visible motion during action scenes, and commented that the series monsters were better drawn than its people.
References
External links
at Seven Seas Entertainment
Media Factory manga
Seven Seas Entertainment titles
Seinen manga
Fantasy anime and manga
Action anime and manga
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
March – Japanese poet Sadako Kurihara's "Bringing Forth New Life" (生ましめんかな, Umashimen-kana) is published. Publication this year of their first collection, The Black Egg (Kuroi tamago), is permitted during the occupation of Japan only in abridged form because of its treatment of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima experienced by the poet.
May 20 – W. H. Auden becomes a United States citizen.
Ezra Pound is brought back to the United States on treason charges but found unfit to face trial because of insanity and sent to St. Elizabeths Hospital in Washington, D.C., where they remain for 12 years (to 1958).
Upon learning about Isaiah Berlin's visit to Russian poet Anna Akhmatova this year, Joseph Stalin's associate Andrei Zhdanov, with the approval of the Soviet Central Committee, issues the "Zhdanov decree" denouncing them as a "half harlot, half nun", and has their poems banned from publication. This resolution is directed against two literary magazines, Zvezda and Leningrad, which have published supposedly apolitical, "bourgeois", individualistic works of Akhmatova and the satirist Mikhail Zoshchenko. In time Akhmatova's son will spend their youth in Stalinist gulags and they will resort to publishing several poems in praise of Stalin to secure their release.
Takashi Matsumoto founds a literary magazine, Fue ("Flute") in Japan.
Martin Starkie founds Oxford University Poetry Society in Oxford, England.
MacSpaunday
Roy Campbell, in their Talking Bronco, first published this year, invents the name "MacSpaunday" to designate a composite figure made up of the poets
Louis MacNeice ("Mac")
Stephen Spender ("sp")
W. H. Auden ("au-n")
Cecil Day-Lewis ("day")
Campbell, in common with much literary journalism of the period, imagines the four as a group of like-minded poets, although they share little but very broadly left-wing views.
Works published in English
Listed by nation where the work was first published and again by the poet's native land, if different; substantially revised works listed separately:
Canada
Louis Dudek. East of the City. Toronto: Ryerson Press, 1946.
Robert Finch, Poems.
Wilson MacDonald, Armand Dussault. Toronto: Macmillan.
P. K. Page, As Ten As Twenty.
A. J. M. Smith, ed. Seven Centuries of Verse.
India, in English
Anilbaran, Songs from the Soul (Poetry in English), Calcutta: Amiya Library
Harindranath Chattopadhyaya:
Edgeways and the Saint (Poetry in English) a farce; Bombay: Nalanda Publications
The Son of Adam (Poetry in English), Bombay: Padma Publications
Nolini Kanta Gupta, East Beams (Poetry in English),
P. R. Kaikini, Selected Poems (Poetry in English), Bombay
H. G. Rawlinson, editor, Garland of Indian Poetry (Poetry in English), London: Royal India Society; anthology; Indian poetry published in the United Kingdom
S. H. Vatsyayana, Prison Days and Other Poems (Poetry in English), Benares: Indian Publishers
New Zealand
Allen Curnow, Jack Without Magic (Caxton), New Zealand
Kendrick Smithyman, Seven Sonnets, Auckland: Pelorus Press
J. C. Reid, Creative Writing in New Zealand, with two chapters on poetry, scholarship, New Zealand
United Kingdom
Lilian Bowes Lyon, A Rough Walk Home
Rupert Brooke, The Poetical Works of Rupert Brooke, comprising the contents of Collected Poems of 1928 and 26 additional poems; published posthumously
Roy Campbell, Talking Bronco, South African native living in and published in the United Kingdom
Walter De la Mare, The Traveller
Lawrence Durrell, Cities, Plains and People
Robert Graves, Poems 1938–1945
Fredoon Kabraji, editor, This Strange Adventure: An Anthology of Poems in English by Indians 1828-1946, London: New India Pub. Co., 140 pages; Indian poetry published in the United Kingdom
Maurice Lindsay, editor, Modern Scottish Poetry: An Anthology of the Scottish Renaissance 1920-1945 (Faber and Faber)
Norman MacCaig, The Inward Eye
Hugh MacDiarmid, pen name of Christopher Murray Grieve, Poems of the East-West Synthesis
John Clark Milne, The Orra Loon and Other Poems.
Kathleen Raine, Living in Time
Herbert Read, Collected Poems
Henry Reed, A Map of Verona, including "Naming of Parts"
Vita Sackville-West, The Garden
Sydney Goodsir Smith, The Devil's Waltz
Bernard Spencer, Aegean Islands and Other Poems
Dylan Thomas, Deaths and Entrances, including "Fern Hill" and "A Refusal to Mourn the Death, by Fire, of a Child in London"
R. S. Thomas, The Stones of the Fields
United States
Stephen Vincent Benet, The Last Circle (Houghton Mifflin)
Elizabeth Bishop, North & South (Houghton Mifflin)
Cleanth Brooks, The Well Wrought Urn: Studies in the Structure of Poetry, criticism
Owen Dodson, Powerful Long Ladder
H.D., "The Flowering of the Rod", the final part of Trilogy, a three-part poem on the experience of the blitz in wartime London
John Gould Fletcher, The Burning Mountain
Denise Levertov, The Double Image
Robert Lowell, Lord Weary's Castle, New York: Harcourt, Brace
Phyllis McGinley, Stones from a Glass House
James Merrill, The Black Swan (won Glascock Prize)
Josephine Miles, Local Measures
Howard Moss, The Wound and the Weather
Lorine Niedecker, New Goose, their first poetry collection
Kenneth Patchen, Sleepers Awake
Edouard Roditi, translator, Young Cherry Trees Secured Against Hares, translated from the original French of André Breton; publisher: View
Mark Van Doren, The Country New Year
William Carlos Williams, Paterson, Book I
Reed Whittemore, Heroes & Heroines
Other in English
Roy Campbell, Talking Bronco, South African native published in the United Kingdom
Denis Devlin, Lough Derg and Other Poems, Irish poet published in the United States
James McAuley, Under Aldebaran, Australia
Works published in other languages
Listed by nation where the work was first published and again by the poet's native land, if different; substantially revised works listed separately:
France
Yves Bonnefoy, Traité du pianiste
Jean Cayrol, Poems de la nuit et du brouillard
Aimé Césaire, Les armes miraculeuses, Martinique poet published in France; Paris: Gallimard
René Char, Feuillets d'Hypnos
Paul Éluard, Le dur désir de durer
Léon-Paul Fargue, Méandres
Jean Hervé, Jour, winner of the Prix Apollinaire
Francis Jammes, La Grâce
Pierre Jean Jouve, La Vierge de Paris poems from The Resistance
Alphonse Métérié, Vétiver
Jacques Prévert, Paroles
Saint-John Perse:
Exil, suivi de Poème à l'etrangère, Pluies, Neiges
Vents, Paris: Gallimard
Philippe Soupault, L'Arme secrète
Jules Supervielle, 1939–1945
Tristan Tzara, pen name of Sami Rosenstock, Terre sur Terre
Indian subcontinent
Including all of the British colonies that later became India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka. And also from the country Nepal. Listed alphabetically by first name, regardless of surname:
Hindi
Girija Kumar Mathur, Nas aur Nirman, poems of the Pragativadi school
Ramadhari Singh Dinkar, Kuruksetra, narrative poem based on the Santi Parva of the Mahabharata
Rangeya Raghava, Pighlate Patthar, poems with a strong Marxist influence
Kannada
G. B. Joshi, Dattavani, critical appraisal of the poems of Kannada poet D. R. Bendre
K. V. Puttappa, Prema Kasmira, 56 love poems
V. K. Gokak, Indina Kannada Kavyada Gottugurialu, critical survey of modern poetry in Kannada
Kashmiri
Mirza Arif, Laila Wa Mustafa, a masnavi
Shamas-ud Din Kafoor, Nendre Lotuyae Yoot Koetah, a vatsun poem on the poverty of Kashmiri peasants; the work first appeared in Hamdard, a weekly periodical, and was later included in Payame Kafoor
Abdul Ahad Azad, Shikwa-e-Iblis, a complaint about unquestioning social conformity
Tamil
P. S. Subrahmaniya Shastri, Vatamoli Nul Varalaru, literary history of Sanskrit literature, written in Tamil
R. P. Sethu Pillai, Kiristuvat Tamilttontar, Tamil-language literary history on the contributions of Christian scholars, including Beschi, Pope, Caldwell and Vitanayakam Pillai to that language's literature and culture
V. R. M. Chettiyar, Nanku Kavimanikal, Tamil biographical and critical study of Percy Bysshe Shelley, John Keats, Rabindranath Tagore and the Tamil poet Kambar (poet), also known as "Kampan" (1180–1250)
Other Indian languages
Akhtarul Imam, Tarik Sayyara; Urdu-language
Amrita Pritan, Pathar Gite; Punjabi-language
Bayabhav, also known as Kashinath Shridhar Naik, Sadeavelim Fulam, Konkani
Buddhadeb Basu, Kaler Putul, an essay of literary criticism in Bengali of poets and their work after Rabindranath Tagore
Chaganti Seshaiah, Andhra Kavi Tarangini, first volume in a 10-volume literary history written in the Telugu language (the last volume came out in 1953)
Chandrasinha, Sip, nine works of poetic prose in Rajasthani
Dinu Bhai Pant, Mangu Di Chabila, Dogri narrative poem on bonded laborers exploited by village money lenders
E. M. S. Nampudirippadu, Purogamana Sahityam an essay in Malayalam by a leader of the Marxist Communist Party on the idea of progressive literature; influential with many young authors
Ishar Singh Ishar, Rangila Bhaia, humorous, Punjabi-language poems featuring Bhaia, a humorous character created by the poet for this and other works
Jandhyala Papayya Sastry, Vijaya Sri, popular kavya in classical meter about the victory of Arjuna; an allegory of the Indian independence movement; Telugu
Laksmiprasad Devkota, Sulocana, Nepali-language epic using more than a dozen Sanskrit meters; the poem, written in response to a challenge to prove the author's credentials as an epic poet, does not defy the norms of epics in Sanskrit poetics; based on a social theme
Mayadhar Mansinha, Sadhabajhia, Oriya-language, romantic poetry
Sundaram, Arvacin Kavita, literary history in Gujarati of that language's poetry from 1845 to 1945
Other languages
Josef Čapek, Básně z koncentračního tabora ("Poems from a Concentration Camp"), Czech, published posthumously
Hushang Ebtehaj (H. E. Sayeh) نخستین نغمه‌ها ("The First Songs"), Persian poet published in Iran
Odysseus Elytis, An Heroic And Funeral Chant For The Lieutenant Lost In Albania, Greek
G. Groll, editor, De profundis, anthology of non-Nazi texts, Germany
Ilmar Laaban, Ankruketi lõpp on laulu algus, Estonian poet published in Sweden
Pier Paolo Pasolini, I Diarii ("The Diaries"), Italy
Awards and honors
Awards and honors in the United States
Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress (later the post would be called "Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress"): Karl Shapiro appointed this year
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry: No award given
Fellowship of the Academy of American Poets: Edgar Lee Masters
Awards and honors elsewhere
France: Académie française: Paul Claudel elected, April 4
Canada: Governor General's Award, poetry or drama: Poems, Robert Finch
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
February 7 – Brian Patten, English member of the Liverpool poets
February 8 – Gert Jonke (died 2009), Austrian novelist, playwright, screenwriter and poet
April 26 – Marilyn Nelson, American
May 8 – Ruth Padel, English poet and writer
May 10 – Chandiroor Divakaran, Indian Malayalam language poet and folk-song writer
June 28 – John Birtwhistle, English poet and librettist
July 27 – Peter Reading (died 2011), English
August 5 – Ron Silliman, American
August 9 – Juris Kronbergs (died 2020), Latvian-Swedish poet and translator
September 9 – Maura Stanton, American
September 30 – Larry Levis (died 1996), American
October 14 – Alan Brunton (died 2002), New Zealand poet and scriptwriter
October 28 – Sharon Thesen, Canadian
December 20 – Andrei Codrescu, a Romanian-born American poet, novelist, essayist, screenwriter, and commentator for NPR
December 30 – Patti Smith, American poet and musician
Also:
Tom Pickard, English poet, radio broadcaster, filmmaker and an initiator of the British Poetry Revival movement
Joachim Sartorius, German
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 9 – Countee Cullen, 42 (born 1903), African American poet
March 1 – Adriana Porter, 89 (born 1857), Wiccan poet
March 26 – Amir Hamzah, 35 (born 1911), Indonesian poet styled a national hero
May 25 – Ernest Rhys, 87 (born 1859), British poet, author, novelist, essayist best known for their role as founding editor of the Everyman's Library series of affordable classics
July 8 – Orrick Glenday Johns, 59 (born 1887), American poet and playwright
July 27 – Gertrude Stein, 73 (born 1874), American poet and dramatist, of cancer
August 18
Marion Angus, 81 (born 1865), Scottish poet
Amulya Barua, 24 (born 1922), Assamese poet first published posthumously this year, killed in communal violence
September 9 – Violet Jacob, 83 (born 1863), Scottish historical novelist and poet
November 29 – Johannes Vares (Barbarus), 56 (born 1890), Estonian poet, doctor and radical politician, suicide
See also
Poetry
List of poetry awards
List of years in poetry
Notes
20th-century poetry
Poetry
Alex da Silva Coelho (born February 4, 1996) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist who competes in the Lightweight division. A professional since 2014, they most notably competed for the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC).
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Silva started their career in mixed martial arts at the age of 18, and won 20 of 21 bouts, mainly competing for Aspera FC, between 2014 and 2019. They had then-teammate and future UFC star Darren Till, as one of their early mentors through their journey fighting in the Regional MMA scene. After amassing a record of 20-1 (which included 20 finishes), they signed their contract with the UFC, and would quit their job as a security guard in Santa Catarina, Brazil.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Silva made their promotional debut against Alexander Yakovlev as a late replacement for Teemu Packalen on April 20, 2019, at UFC Fight Night 149. They lost the fight via guillotine choke submission in the second round.
Silva faced Kazula Vargas at UFC Fight Night: Shevchenko vs. Carmouche 2 on August 10, 2019. They out grappled Vargas throughout the fight and won it via unanimous decision.
Silva faced Brad Riddell at UFC 253 September 27, 2020. They lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Silva was expected to face Devonte Smith on February 6, 2021, at UFC Fight Night 184. However, Silva pulled out due to undisclosed reasons. They were replaced by Justin Jaynes.
Silva faced Joe Solecki on June 4, 2022, at UFC Fight Night 207. They lost the fight via majority decision after a point deduction was given to Silva due to repeatedly locking their toes in the fence.
On June 8, 2022, it was confirmed that Silva was no longer on the UFC roster.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center|21–4
|Joe Solecki
|Decision (majority)
|UFC Fight Night: Volkov vs. Rozenstruik
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 21–3
| Brad Riddell
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 253
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
| Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 21–2
| Kazula Vargas
| Decision (unanimous)
|UFC Fight Night: Shevchenko vs. Carmouche 2
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Montevideo, Uruguay
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 20–2
| Alexander Yakovlev
|Submission (guillotine choke)
|UFC Fight Night: Overeem vs. Oleinik
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:10
|Saint Petersburg, Russia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 20–1
| Slavoljub Mitić
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| Serbian Battle Championship 19
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:11
| Novi Sad, Serbia
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|19–1
| Fernando Colman
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Aspera FC 57
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|2:49
| Florianópolis, Brazil
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center|18–1
| Jakub Kowalewicz
| Decision (unanimous)
| Brave CF 5
|
| align=center|3
| align=center|5:00
| Mumbai, India
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|18–0
| Daniel Swain
| TKO (punches)
|Brave CF 2
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|4:37
| Isa Town, Bahrain
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|17–0
| Marcelo Rodrigues Piazza Santos
| TKO (punches)
| Aspera FC 41
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|1:00
| São José, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 16–0
| Welinton Dias
| KO (punch)
| Aspera FC 33
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:07
| São José, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 15–0
| Wesley dos Santos
| TKO (punches)
| K.O. Combate 2
|
|align=Center|1
|align=center|4:51
|Caçador, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 14–0
| Guilherme Batista
| TKO (punches)
|Blasius Combat 2
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:17
|São Ludgero, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 13–0
| Gabriel Vieira das Neves
|TKO (elbows)
|Aspera FC 25
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:48
|Curitibanos, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 12–0
| Silvio Fernandes
| KO (knee)
| Aspera FC 22
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:44
| Cocal do Sul, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|11–0
| Luis Fernando Messa
| TKO (elbows)
| Aspera FC 21
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|4:26
| São Paulo, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|10–0
| Mateus Santana Dias
| KO (punch)
| Fox Fight 1
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:55
| Joaçaba, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|9–0
| Marcelo Boldrini
| TKO (punches)
| Aspera FC 17
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|4:07
| Curitibanos, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|8–0
| Fernando Scariot
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Aspera FC 14
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|2:56
|Lages, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–0
| Antônio Marcos Pereira
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Aspera FC 11
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|3:12
| Curitibanos, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–0
| Celso Ferreira
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Curitiba Fight Pro 2
|
|align=Center|1
|align=center|4:50
|Curitiba, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–0
| Herison Oliveira
| TKO (punches)
| Aspera FC 8
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:16
| Paranaguá, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–0
| Jeferson Lins
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Aspera FC 7
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 3:20
| Itajaí, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Guilherme Souza
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| Curitiba Fight Pro
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| N/A
| Xaxim, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Douglas Carvalho
| Submission (triangle choke)
| Aspera FC 3
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:16
| Itajaí, Brazil
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Igor Duarte
| KO (head kick)
| Aspera FC 2
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:20
| Itajaí, Brazil
|
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Brazilian male mixed martial artists
Lightweight mixed martial artists
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
The sacrococcygeal membrane is a tough fibrous membrane about 10mm long which extends from the inferior tip of the sacrum to the body of the coccyx in humans. It covers the inferior limit of the epidural space and is analogous to the ligamentum flavum found at other levels in the spine.
It can be found at the apex of an equilateral triangle whose base is formed by the dimples overlying the sacro-iliac joints. The cornua of the sacrum may be palpated with a finger; the sacrococcygeal membrane lies between and inferior to these.
Thorax (human anatomy)
The Darker Shades of White is the debut full-length studio album released by the Christian metal band Corpus Christi. The album was released by Victory Records on February 17, 2009 to generally positive reviews.
Track listing
Personnel
Will Henry - Harsh Vocals
Jarrod Christman - Rhythm Guitar, Clean vocals
Jon Pauly - Guitar
Phil Smith - Bass guitar
Justin Evans - Drums
Media Recognition
Corpus Christi has been featured numerous times on TVU and RadioU's metal show RadioU Hardcore for their music video and hit song, "Fight for Your King."
References
External links
Corpus Christi Official Myspace
Corpus Christi on Victory Records
2009 debut albums
Corpus Christi (band) albums
Victory Records albums
Çatallar is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Starla is a 2019 Philippine drama television series starring Joel Torre, Jana Agoncillo, Enzo Pelojero, Judy Ann Santos, Meryll Soriano, Joem Bascon, and Raymart Santiago. The series aired on ABS-CBN's Primetime Bida evening block and worldwide via The Filipino Channel from October 7, 2019 to January 10, 2020, replacing The General's Daughter and was replaced by Make It with You.
Premise
Starla is a story about renewed hope, the warmth of home, love for the family, wishes that come true, and impeccable forgiveness. It revolves around Buboy, a boy who discovers a wayward wishing star named Starla and uses them to save their town.
Cast and characters
Main
Judy Ann Santos as Atty. Teresa "Tere" Dichavez-Manalo
Joel Torre as Gregorio "Mang Greggy" Dichavez
Alyssa nicole makawili Agbada as Starla / Stella
Enzo Pelojero as Buboy Dichavez
Meryll Soriano as Ester Rivera
Joem Bascon as Atty. Dexter Soliman
Raymart Santiago as Dr. Philip Manalo
Supporting
Grae Fernandez as George Cultura
Chanty as Lena Batumbakal
Bodjie Pascua as Kulas Trinidad
Simon Ibarra as Kapitan Domingo "Domeng" Jacinto
Jerry O'Hara as Apol Magtulis
Joel Saracho as Ambo Soberano
Kathleen Hermosa as Frida Matias
Janus del Prado as Boyong dela Cruz
Jordan Herrera as Pedro Jaena
Anna Luna as Lolita Batumbakal
Marilen Cruz as Trining Manalo
Matt Daclan as Javi Diaz
Poppert Bernadas as Kanor Sanchez
Jimmy Marquez as Sylvester Gil
Alex Baena as Tonton Rivera
Roanne Maligat as Jepoy Kho
Myel de Leon as Nova
Raikko Mateo as Astro
Chunsa Jeung as Celestia
Guests
Tirso Cruz III as Atty. Robert Salazar
Charo Santos-Concio as Lola Tala
Heaven Peralejo as teen Teresa
Yesha Camile as young Teresa
Brace Arquiza as teen Philip
Ana Abad Santos as Lita Villarreal-Dichaves
Broadcast
Starla premiered on ABS-CBN on October 7, 2019.
Reruns
Reruns of Starla was aired over at Jeepney TV.
On June 4, 2020, it was announced that the show will also have a rerun on the Kapamilya Channel beginning June 15, 2020 until November 29, 2020.
Reception
Ratings
Accolades
See also
List of programs broadcast by ABS-CBN
List of ABS-CBN drama series
References
External links
ABS-CBN drama series
Philippine fantasy television series
Fantaserye and telefantasya
Television shows set in the Philippines
2019 Philippine television series debuts
2020 Philippine television series endings
Television series by Dreamscape Entertainment Television
2010s children's television series
2020s children's television series
Maurice Carter (24 April 1913 in London, England – April 2000 in London, England) was a British production designer. They were one of the first in England to use back projection. They also founded the Guild of Film Art Directors a.k.a. British Film Designers Guild.
They were nominated for 2 Oscars and 3 BAFTAs.
Selected films
Christopher Columbus (1949)
Always a Bride (1953)
Desperate Moment (1953)
The Spanish Gardener (1957)
Anne of the Thousand Days (1969)
The Land That Time Forgot (1975)
The People that Time Forgot (1977)
The First Great Train Robbery (1978)
References
External links
1913 births
2000 deaths
British film designers
David Saville Muzzey (1870–1965) was an American historian. Their history textbooks were used by millions of American children. They were accused of being a "bolshevik" by the Better America Federation. They also served as senior leader at the New York Society for Ethical Culture.
References
External links
1870 births
1965 deaths
People from Lexington, Massachusetts
Harvard University alumni
Ethical movement
Historians from Massachusetts
Omar Kreim (born 10 February 1995) is a former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Early life
Kreim was born in Casablanca, Morocco and moved to Montreal, Quebec at age seven. They played youth soccer with FS Salaberry in Quebec. They then joined their senior team in the top amateur division, Ligue de soccer élite du Québec, winning the LSEQ Ballon d'Or in 2016, while also attending the Université de Montréal, playing for the Carabins men's soccer team. In 2017, they repeated as the LSEQ Ballon d'Or winner and also won the provincial university title with the Carabins. In 2018, they captured the national title with the Carabins, earning MVP honours.
Club career
In 2019, they played with AS Blainville in the Première Ligue de soccer du Québec.
Shortly after graduating from university, on 28 November 2019, Kreim signed their first professional contract with Canadian Premier League side HFX Wanderers. However, their debut was delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which postponed the start of the 2020 CPL season. On August 30, they scored their first goal, scoring a free kick in stoppage time to earn their team a point in a 1-1 draw against York9 FC. They re-signed with the club for the 2021 season. They retired after the 2021 season, due to injury issues, after suffering a concussion early in the 2021 season.
Personal
Kreim graduated from the Université de Montréal with a law degree.
Honours
HFX Wanderers
Canadian Premier League
Runners-up: 2020
References
External links
Montreal Carabins profile
Telegram profile
1995 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Moroccan footballers
Canadian soccer players
Sportspeople from Casablanca
Soccer players from Montreal
Naturalized citizens of Canada
Université de Montréal alumni
HFX Wanderers FC players
Première Ligue de soccer du Québec players
Canadian Premier League players
A.S. Blainville players
CS Monteuil players
Maianthemum paniculatum is a perennial flowering plant; a species of monocot found from Mexico to Panama. It is often associated with montane environments and is found primarily in forest openings and along roadsides.
Taxonomy
This is a variable species with numerous synonyms. Smaller plants from Chiapas, Mexico, with narrow rhizomes and 10 or fewer stem leaves have been treated as Maianthemum septifolium. Current treatments however include these in M. paniculatum.
Description
The species typically grows tall off a base of forked rhizomes. Roots are spread evenly along the rhizome. Stems are hairless, upright, leaning or arching and leafy; usually with 10-15 leaves set apart, although some plants are smaller, with 6-10 leaves (previously treated as a separate species).
Leaves
Leaves have a 4–9 mm long petiole. Leaf blades are egg- shaped to elliptical with pointed tips and tapered bases. They are long by wide with undulating edges. Veins are prominent and the leaf surface is hairless.
Flowering clusters
70 to 200 flowers are set on a pyramid-shaped, branched flowering stalk (panicle). The main axis of the panicle is about 15 cm long and arches upward. Smaller plants have 25-60 flowers in a cylindrical panicle with a 6–8 cm long central axis. The axis is weakly ribbed and green or maroon. About 8 to 15 spreading to ascending side branches are set at 4–20 mm intervals along the main axis of the panicle. The side branches are 5–25 cm long with 1 or 2 flowers at the base and others set at intervals of 1–20 mm along the branch. Flowers are set on stalks (pedicels) that are 1–4 mm long and weakly ribbed.
Flowers and fruits
The flowers are made up of white, spreading tepals 2–42 mm long that are roughly equal in size. Stamens are inserted at the tepal base. Fruits are rounded to weakly 3-lobed, 8–12 mm across, green mottled with red when immature, ripening to red. Flowering and fruiting occurs throughout the year, with fruits and flowers sometimes found on the same plant.
Distribution
Maianthemum paniculatum has been found in Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Panamá as well as the Mexican states of Chiapas, Guerrero, Hidalgo, Oaxaca, Puebla and Veracruz.
Habitat and ecology
This species is often found along roadsides and in forest openings, although it sometimes persists in shade. It may be found growing in dense clusters.
References
paniculatum
Flora of Costa Rica
Flora of El Salvador
Flora of Guatemala
Flora of Honduras
Flora of Mexico
Flora of Nicaragua
Flora of Panama
Doğantaş, Kaş is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
The Gas exchange point - South (Point d'échange de gaz – Sud), commonly referred to as PEG Sud, was one of 3 virtual trading locations for the sale, purchase and exchange of natural gas and LNG in France. It was one of the pricing and delivery points for Powernext natural gas futures contracts. Gas at the PEG Nord is traded on the Powernext exchange. On April 1, 2015, it was merged with PEG TIGF (France) into the TRS (Trading Region South).
History
PEG Sud was one of the 3 virtual trading points (VTPs or trading hubs) and balancing areas for gas in France and was created in 2004 and rationalised in 2009. It covered the southern half of France except the south west region which was covered by PEG TIGF.
Ownership
PEG Sud belonged to GDF Suez via its subsidiary GRTgaz.
Interconnections
PEG Sud was connected to:
PEG Nord (France)
PEG TIGF (France)
References
Natural gas trading hubs
John Pyne Bankhead (1821–1867) was an officer in the United States Navy who served during the American Civil War, and was in command of the ironclad when it sank in 1862. They went on to command three other ships.
Early life
John Payne Bankhead was born on August 3, 1821, at Fort Johnson on James Island, South Carolina. Their father was General James Bankhead, a brigadier general who distinguished themselves in the Mexican–American War. Their mother was Ann Smith Pyne. Bankhead's family were prominent citizens from both Virginia and South Carolina. As the Civil War approached secession badly divided their family as it did with so many others in these states. Bankhead's two brothers, Henry C., a regular army officer who also sided with the Union and Smith Pyne, a lawyer in Memphis, Tennessee, who joined the Confederate army became a colonel. Major General John Bankhead Magruder was a cousin who left the Union and served under the Confederate flag.
Military career
Bankhead entered the navy in August 1838 at the age of 17. Their first ship was the frigate , and their early career was spent with the Coast Survey in the Carolinas. They were promoted to passed midshipman on 20 May 1844. While in Vera Cruz during the Mexican–American War, Bankhead served under their father. They were later promoted to master on 8 May 1851 and lieutenant on 7 April 1852.
After the Confederates fired on Fort Sumter and President Lincoln's declaration of a blockade, Bankhead was ordered to ,{{efn|Also spelled as Susquahanna'}} a side-wheel steamer carrying fifteen guns launched in 1850. In August Susquahanna participated in the joint army-navy expedition to Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. On August 28 the Union naval force, including Susquahanna, bombarded the forts guarding Hatteras Inlet as troops landed. The following day the bombardment continued until the forts finally surrendered. Bankhead criticized the way the attacks were carried out and later wrote Captain Gustavus Fox, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy and an old shipmate, that the forts could have been taken in much less time:
Had a boat been sent in to take soundings and a few buoys placed at the commencement of shoal waters,the squadron could have gone in close and finished the whole matter up in a few hours instead of two daysand saved to the Government money, tons of shot and shell which were literally thrown away...
Bankhead was later stationed on and was sent to Charleston, South Carolina, for blockade duty, where their years with the coast survey were put to good use.
On May 15 Bankhead was assigned to USS Pembina and which was ordered to join the blockading force off Charleston. Pembina was assigned to this important blockading station because of their shallow draft, which was necessary for this inshore duty.
On May 16 Pembina arrived off Charleston and Bankhead was ordered by the senior officer present, Commander John B. Marchand, to determine if the water over the bar at the entrance to the Stono River was deep enough to allow their warships to cross over.
Throughout the summer of 1862, Bankhead remained on blockade duty near Charleston.
Bankhead was promoted to commander on July 16, 1862, and in the middle of August Pembina was ordered to New York for repairs. Flag Officer DuPont wrote a letter on Bankhead's behalf to Captain Gustavus Fox, Assistant Secretary of the Navy, requesting that they be transferred to an ironclad vessel. Bankhead was given Monitor and took command from Thomas Stevens on September 10, 1862.
Command of USS Monitor
Bankhead was sent to New York in the beginning of September with Pembina for needed repairs to the vessel. They were recommended by Flag Officer DuPont for command of Monitor to which Secretary Fox complied. Upon arriving in New York, Bankhead received orders to take command of Monitor. They were then sent to Hampton Roads and upon arrival relieved Commander Stevens on September 10. Shortly after the change of command, a board of survey condemned the ironclad's engines and boilers and recommended that they be extensively overhauled and on October 3, 1862, the ironclad arrived at the Washington Navy Yard for repairs. For approximately six weeks the vessel remained in Washington's Navy yard while their bottom was scraped clean of barnacles and other sea foul while the engines and boilers were overhauled and the entire vessel cleaned and painted, and a number of improvements made, including an iron shield around the top of the turret. They were taken out of drydock on October 26. By November the ship was fully repaired and outfitted and ready to return to service at Hampton Roads.Still, 1988, p. 67
Orders were issued on December 24, 1862, for Monitor to move to Beaufort, North Carolina, to join and . There the ship would join the blockade off Charleston. On Christmas Day Monitor was ready for sea, but because of stormy weather and rough seas the departure was delayed until 29 December. The actual orders were received on Christmas Day as the crew were celebrating the holiday aboard Monitor at Hampton Roads in what was described as a most merry fashion while many other celebrations were occurring along the shore. Bankhead paid the ship's cook one dollar to prepare a meal for the crew befitting the day, however it was received with mixed opinion.
That day, Monitor was made ready for sea, their crew under strict orders not to discuss the impending voyage with anyone. but bad weather delayed their departure until 29 December. While the design of Monitor was well-suited for river combat, their low freeboard and heavy turret made them highly unseaworthy in rough waters. Monitor put to sea on December 31, under tow from , when a heavy storm developed off Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. Using chalk and a blackboard, Bankhead wrote messages alerting Rhode Island that if Monitor needed help they would signal with a red lantern.
On December 31, 1862, a storm hit seas off Cape Hatteras, and Monitor, under tow by Rhode Island. Monitor was soon in trouble as the storm increased in ferocity, large waves splashing over and completely covering the deck, flooding into the vents and ports. They began rolling uncontrollably in the high seas. Sometimes they would drop into a wave with such force the entire hull would tremble. Leaks were beginning to appear everywhere. Bankhead ordered the engineers to start the Worthington pumps, which temporarily stemmed the rising waters, but soon Monitor was hit by a squall and a series of violent waves and water continued to work its way into the hull. When the Worthington pump could no longer control the flooding, a call came from the engine room that water was gaining there. Realizing the ship was in serious trouble, Bankhead signaled Rhode Island for help and hoisted the red lantern next to Monitors white running light atop the turret. They then called for volunteers and ordered the towline cut and the anchor dropped to stop the ship's rolling and pitching, with little effect, making it no easier for the rescue boats to get close enough to receive their crew. Acting Master Stodder, along with crewmates John Stocking, and James Fenwick volunteered and climbed down from the turret, but eyewitnesses said that as soon as they were on the deck Fenwick and Stocking were quickly swept overboard and drowned. Stodder managed to hang onto the safety lines around the deck and finally cut through the towline with a hatchet. At 11:30 p.m. Bankhead ordered the engineers to stop engines and divert all available steam to the large Adams centrifugal steam pump; but with reduced steam output from a boiler being fed wet coal it too was unable to stem the rapidly rising water.Broadwater, 2012, p. 13 After all steam pumps had failed, Bankhead ordered some of the crew to man the hand pumps and organized a bucket brigade, but to no avail.
Despite a prolonged and desperate rescue effort, Monitor was finally overwhelmed, foundered and sank approximately southeast off Cape Hatteras with the loss of sixteen men, including four officers, some of whom remained in the turret and went down with the ironclad. A total of forty-seven men were rescued by the lifeboats from Rhode Island.Holloway, 2013, pp.7-8 Bankhead survived the ordeal and was the last man to abandon the ship, but suffered from exposure. After their initial recovery, Bankhead filed their official report, as did the commanding officers of the Rhode Island, stating officers and men of both Monitor and Rhode Island did everything within their ability to keep Monitor from sinking. The Navy did not find it necessary to commission a board of inquiry to investigate the affair and took no action against Bankhead or any of their officers.
Command of USS Otsego
After surviving the ordeal with the loss of Monitor during the fall and early winter months of 1863–1864, Bankhead recovered slowly. They finally requested active duty in January 1864 and on February 3 was given command of the new double ender side-wheel gunboat . The ship was commissioned in the spring and reached Hampton Roads by 24 May 1864. Otsego was assigned to the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron with their station to be the North Carolina sounds. On June 21 Bankhead was given command of Union naval forces in the sounds. Their major responsibility was capturing or destroying the Confederate ironclad ram up the Roanoke River. In April Confederate troops assisted by Albemarle had seized and were now occupying Plymouth, North Carolina, a few miles up the Roanoke. On 5 May Albemarle descended the river and attacked Union gunboats in the sound in an engagement that lasted nearly three hours. The Confederate vessel, badly damaged and in need of repairs, returned to Plymouth. Throughout the summer months it was feared that they would again attempt to enter the sounds and Bankhead, with Otsego and four additional gunboats, guarded the river's mouth. Sometime in the late summer they were detached from Otsego, probably because of poor health.
Command of USS Wyoming
was transferred to the Asiatic Squadron, and Bankhead was promoted to captain on 25 July 1866 and remained in command until 1867, when due to poor health they requested to be relieved of duty. They died on April 27, 1867, off Aden on the Bengal steamer Simla, on their way home to the United States. Bankhead ended the war still in command of Wyoming'', which was stationed in the Pacific searching for
See also
Union Navy
Confederate States Navy
References
Notes
Bibliography
Further reading
Bibliography of American Civil War naval history
1821 births
1867 deaths
United States Navy personnel of the Mexican–American War
People of South Carolina in the American Civil War
Union Navy officers
19th-century American naval officers
Two human polls comprised the 1992 National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I-A football rankings. Unlike most sports, college football's governing body, the NCAA, does not bestow a national championship, instead that title is bestowed by one or more different polling agencies. There are two main weekly polls that begin in the preseason—the AP Poll and the Coaches' Poll.
Legend
AP Poll
Coaches' Poll
References
NCAA Division I FBS football rankings
John Polanyi Collegiate Institute (JPCI), formerly Sir Sandford Fleming Secondary School is a public high school housed in the former Bathurst Heights Secondary School building. Located in the North York district of Toronto, near Lawrence Avenue West and Allen Road in the area of Lawrence Heights community. Prior to 1998, the school was part of the North York Board of Education.
It is a semestered school offering a "full range of university, college and apprenticeship programs." The school was originally named after the Scottish-Canadian inventor of time zones Sandford Fleming.
History
Sir Sandford Fleming Secondary School was constructed and opened in September 1964. The building shares the same design as Newtonbrook Secondary School. The teams name was known as the Chargers. On September 6, 2011, the school was renamed to John Polanyi Collegiate Institute with the Fleming staff and students moved into the former Bathurst Heights Secondary School on Lawrence and Allen.
Origins of Bathurst Heights
Bathurst Heights Secondary School opened on September 4, 1951, as North York's second high school (the first being Earl Haig Secondary School) and officially opened on May 29, 1952. Six additions were made throughout the years and adult education was introduced before its program being abolished in 2000. After years of enrollment declining, Bathurst Heights closed its doors as a regular operating school on June 23, 2001.
In 2004 the school was used in the filming of the Zero Hour episode: Massacre at Columbine High.
In the 2000s, the Toronto Catholic District School Board used the Bathurst Heights building to house the students from Brebeuf College School during re-construction and later Dante Alighieri Academy Beatrice Campus.
The former school's building is now leased out by the Toronto District School Board to several tenants:
Swim camp
Toronto ESL Learning Centre
Notable alumni (Bathurst Heights)
Rosalie Abella, justice of the Supreme Court of Canada
Denham Brown, basketball player
Paul Godfrey, municipal politician and newspaper publisher
Urjo Kareda, late theatre and music critic
David Shiner, municipal politician
Bob Nevin, late hockey player
References
High schools in Toronto
Schools in the TDSB
Educational institutions established in 1964
1964 establishments in Ontario
Toronto District School Board
FC Yalos Yalta was a Ukrainian football club based in Yalta, Crimea. The club was founded in 2005. They competed in the Druha Liha for a season. After the 2005–06 season the club didn't submit a license and elected to remove themselves from the PFL.
League and cup history (Ukraine)
{|class="wikitable"
|-bgcolor="#efefef"
! Season
! Div.
! Pos.
! Pl.
! W
! D
! L
! GS
! GA
! P
!Domestic Cup
!colspan=2|Europe
!Notes
|- bgcolor=PowderBlue
|align=center|2005–06
|align=center|3rd "B"
|align=center|4
|align=center|28
|align=center|12
|align=center|7
|align=center|9
|align=center|28
|align=center|27
|align=center|43
|align=center|1/16 finals
|align=center|
|align=center|
|align=center bgcolor=lightgrey|Withdrew
|}
See also
FC Komunalnyk Luhansk, a short term team
FC Feniks-Illichovets Kalinine
References
Yalos Yalta
Association football clubs established in 2005
Association football clubs disestablished in 2006
2005 establishments in Ukraine
2006 disestablishments in Ukraine
Roy Elliot Corcoran (born May 11, 1980) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. They previously played in Major League Baseball from 2003 to 2009 for the Montreal Expos, Washington Nationals and Seattle Mariners. They threw and batted right-handed.
Professional career
Montreal Expos/Washington Nationals
Corcoran signed with the Montreal Expos on June 21, , as an amateur free agent. After starting the season at Single-A, Corcoran advanced through Double-A and made two appearances in Triple-A before making their major league debut on July 30. They spent the next three years in the minors with the Expos and stayed with them after they became the Washington Nationals. Corcoran appeared in a few games in the end seasons.
Florida Marlins
Corcoran was granted free agency after 2006, and signed a minor league contract with the Florida Marlins on January 4, . Corcoran spent all of the 2007 season with the Marlins Triple-A affiliate, the Albuquerque Isotopes, becoming a free agent at the end of the season.
Seattle Mariners
On November 21, 2007, the Seattle Mariners signed Corcoran to a minor league contract and invited them to spring training. Corcoran had a career-best year in . In 50 appearances, they had a 6-3 record, 3.22 ERA, and 39 strikeouts.
The Mariners designated Corcoran for assignment on July 24, . Corcoran was 2-0 with a 6.16 ERA in 16 games in 2009. They had a six-week stint on the disabled list with a strained neck.
Houston Astros
On August 5, Corcoran signed a minor league contract with the Houston Astros that included an invitation to spring training. They played for the Triple-A affiliate Round Rock Express.
They were granted free agency after the 2010 season.
Los Angeles Dodgers
They signed as a free agent with the Los Angeles Dodgers on July 4, 2011. They appeared in 2 games for the AA Chattanooga Lookouts and 19 games for the AAA Albuquerque Isotopes, finishing a combined 1-3 with a 6.81 ERA.
Personal life
During the offseason after the 2008 season, Corcoran married their wife Lacy, and they currently reside in Slaughter, Louisiana. Their brother, Tim Corcoran, also played professional baseball.
References
External links
Bleeding Blue and Teal - Player Profile: Roy Corcoran
heraldnet.com
1980 births
Living people
Albuquerque Isotopes players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Baseball players from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Brevard County Manatees players
Cajun sportspeople
Chattanooga Lookouts players
Clinton LumberKings players
Edmonton Trappers players
Gulf Coast Expos players
Harrisburg Senators players
Jupiter Hammerheads players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Montreal Expos players
Navegantes del Magallanes players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
New Orleans Zephyrs players
People from East Feliciana Parish, Louisiana
Peoria Saguaros players
Rieleros de Aguascalientes players
Round Rock Express players
Seattle Mariners players
Sugar Land Skeeters players
Tacoma Rainiers players
Tigres del Licey players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Washington Nationals players
Brigadier General Michael Joseph Lenihan (May 2, 1865 – August 13, 1958) was a senior officer of the United States Army. They were involved in conflicts in the American Western Frontier, the Philippines, and World War I, where they commanded the 83rd Infantry Brigade during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive while serving on the Western Front.
Military career
Born the son of James Lenihan and Catherine Grainger, Michael Lenihan entered and later graduated from the United States Military Academy in June 1887. Among their fellow classmates included several general officers of the future, such as Charles Gerhardt, Ulysses G. McAlexander, Ernest Hinds, Nathaniel Fish McClure, William Weigel, Charles S. Farnsworth, James Theodore Dean, Mark L. Hersey, Herman Hall, Frank Herman Albright, Marcus Daniel Cronin, George Owen Squier, Thomas Grafton Hanson, George Washington Gatchell, Alexander Lucian Dade and Edmund Wittenmyer. They were appointed first lieutenant in 1894. They were made Captain in 1899 and major in 1911. While stationed on the Hawaiian Islands, they were promoted to Lieutenant‑Colonel.
World War I
After the American entry into World War I, in April 1917, Lenihan received a temporary promotion to brigadier general (August 1917). They commanded the 83th Infantry Brigade of the 42nd Division during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive. The 42nd division was commanded by Major General Charles T. Menoher.
When Lenihans 83rd Brigade and Douglas MacArthurs neighboring 84th brigade failed to make progress against heavy German defences, Corpscommander Charles P. Summerall threatened to relief both generals. General William M. Wright describes in their Memoirs that McArthurs troops could approach Hill 288 and Châtillon-sous-les-Côtes using the cover a forest and took the objective, while Lenihans brigade was stopped by enemy resistance before they could take the objectives in the Landres-et-Saint-Georges area, sustaining heavy casualties.
Summerall ordered General Menoher to relief Lenihan, which they did on 17 October 1918. Lenihan protested an instited on a hearing. The appointed inspector found no wrongdoing of Lenihan and Major General Hunter Liggett overrode Summeralls decision and made Lenihan commander of the 153th brigade of the 77th Infantry Division.
Post War
Lenihan returned to the rank of Colonel after World War 1 in 1919. They were an instructor at the Naval War College, before they became Chief of Staff of the XII Army Corps in 1924. Lenihan was again promoted to brigadier general in 1925. They were awarded an LL.D. title by the College of the Holy Cross in 1925. In the last year of their active army service, they commanded the 3rd Infantry Division from March 1928 to March 1929.
Michael Lenihan died on August 13, 1958 at the age of 93 in Philadelphia. They were interred at Mount Olivet Cemetery in Washington, D.C.
References
External links
1865 births
1958 deaths
United States Army Infantry Branch personnel
United States Army generals of World War I
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Army generals
Naval War College alumni
People from Hopkinton, Massachusetts
Recipients of the Croix de Guerre (France)
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
United States Army War College alumni
Burials at Mount Olivet Cemetery (Washington, D.C.)
Naval War College faculty
Military personnel from Massachusetts
The Caldwell class was a class of six
"flush deck" United States Navy destroyers built during World War I and shortly after. Four served as convoy escorts in the Atlantic; the other two were completed too late for wartime service. Two were scrapped during the 1930s, but four survived to serve throughout World War II, three of these in service with the Royal Navy under the Destroyers for Bases Agreement and the fourth as a high speed transport.
Design and construction
The six Caldwell-class torpedo boat destroyers were authorized by Congress under the Act of 3 March 1915, "to have a speed of not less than thirty knots per hour [sic] and to cost, exclusive of armor and armament, not to exceed $925,000.00 each ...Provided, that three of said torpedo-boats herein authorized shall be built on the Pacific Coast."
Built from 1916 to 1918, the six ships of the Caldwell class were the first of 279 ordered (6 of which were cancelled) to a flush-decked design to remove the forecastle break weakness of the preceding and other "a thousand tonners". They were effectively prototypes of the mass production and vessels which followed them, although somewhat slower ( vs. ) and differing in some details. The forward sheer of the Caldwell class was improved to keep "A" mount from being constantly washed out; however, this was unsuccessful. The Caldwells had a cutaway stern rather than the cruiser stern of the later ships, and thus had a tighter turning radius than their successors. The armament of the Sampsons was retained, but the broadside guns were relocated to "bandstands" aft of the bridge. There were differences in appearance; Caldwell, Craven and Manley were built with four "stacks" (funnels), while Gwin, Conner and Stockton had only three. The middle stack of the three-stack ships was wider due to combining two boiler uptakes. Once the mass-production destroyers made the design prevalent, the Caldwells and their successors became known as "flush-deck" or "four-stack" destroyers.
was converted to a prototype high-speed destroyer transport (hull classification symbol APD) in 1939, with their forward stacks and boilers removed to give them the capacity to lift 200 Marines and four Higgins assault boats (LCP(L), LCP(R), or LCVP). They saw action at Guadalcanal, Kwajalein, Saipan, and the Philippines.
Three entered Royal Navy service in 1940 under the Destroyers for Bases Agreement as part of the . , serving as HMS Leeds, provided cover at Gold Beach on 6 June 1944; their sisters served as convoy escorts. All three survived the war, two being sunk as targets and one scrapped, postwar.
Armament
The armament repeated that of the preceding Sampson-class of "a thousand tonners", and would be retained in the subsequent mass production "flush deckers". While the gun armament was typical for destroyers of this period, the torpedo armament of twelve torpedo tubes was larger than usual, in accordance with American practice at the time. A factor in the size of the torpedo armament was the General Board's decision to use broadside rather than centerline torpedo tubes. This was due to the desire to have some torpedoes remaining after firing a broadside, and problems experienced with centerline mounts on previous classes with torpedoes striking the gunwales of the firing ship. The Mark 8 torpedo was equipped. The "bandstand" location of the waist 4-inch guns kept the mounts dry, but restricted the firing arc.
These ships carried a 23 caliber anti-aircraft (AA) gun, typically just aft of the bow 4-inch gun. The original design called for two 1-pounder AA guns, but these were in short supply and the 3-inch gun was more effective. Anti-submarine (ASW) armament was added during World War I, or included in the initial design with DD-70 and DD-71. Typically, a single depth charge rack was provided aft, along with a Y-gun depth charge projector forward of the aft deckhouse.
Engineering
As a somewhat experimental class, the Caldwells differed in their engineering. Conner and Stockton, built by Cramp, followed the class's original design, with three-shaft direct drive steam turbines. A high-pressure turbine on the center shaft exhausted to low-pressure turbines on the outboard shafts. A geared cruising turbine was provided on the center shaft for fuel economy at low and moderate speeds. The remaining ships had two shafts with geared turbines and no cruising turbines. This arrangement saw an increase from and the ships' speed from . With a further increase in horsepower, this geared turbine arrangement was adopted for the mass-production classes. Caldwell had an experimental "electric speed reducing gear" connecting the cruising turbines to the main turbines, a forerunner of the turbo-electric drive that would be used on several US battleships and aircraft carriers built from World War I through the 1920s.
Ships in class
References
Bibliography
Gardiner, Robert, Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships 1906-1921, London: Conway Maritime Press, 1985. .
Gardiner, Robert and Chesneau, Roger, Conway's All the World's Fighting Ships 1922-1946, London: Conway Maritime Press, 1980. .
Fitzsimons, Bernard, General Editor. The Encyclopedia of 20th Century Weapons and Warfare, Volume 5, pp. 510–11, "Caldwell", and Volume 16, pp. 1717–18, "Leeds". London: Phoebus, 1978.
Silverstone, Paul H., U.S. Warships of World War I (Ian Allan, 1970), .
Silverstone, Paul H., U.S. Warships of World War II (Ian Allan, 1965), .
External links
Caldwell-class destroyers at Destroyer History Foundation
Caldwell-class destroyers at Destroyers OnLine
Tin Can Sailors @ destroyers.org Caldwell class destroyer
DestroyerHistory.org Flush Decker page
DestroyerHistory.org USS Craven page
NavSource Destroyer Photo Index Page
DiGiulian, Tony Navweaps.com 4"/50 Mks 7, 8, 9, and 10
DiGiulian, Tony Navweaps.com Pre-WWII US Torpedoes
US Navy Torpedo History, part 2
Destroyer classes
The Shadow Cabinet is the fourth full-length album by Danish band Wuthering Heights. It has been received with great reviews, and is considered "the best symphonic metal record of 2006".
Track listing
All songs written by Erik Ravn.
Demon Desire - 05:18
Beautifool - 05:02
The Raven - 04:47
Apathy Divine (Part 1: Faith) - 08:19
Envy - 06:41
Apathy Divine (Part 2: Snow) - 05:55
Sleep - 04:45
I Shall Not Yield - 06:40
Reason...? - 00:31
Carpe Noctem - Seize the Night - 07:38
Personnel
Erik Ravn – guitar, keyboards, vocals
Andreas Lindahl – keyboards
Martin Arendal – guitar
Morten Sørensen – drums
Nils Patrik Johansson – vocals
Teddy Möller - bass
References
Wuthering Heights (band) albums
2006 albums
The National Association of Care Catering is a trade association for catering in the British care sector. It is an unincorporated voluntary association based in offices in Faygate.
Sue Cawthray, the chief executive officer of Harrogate Neighbours Housing Association, is the National Chair. The association runs Harrogate Food Angels. Elizabeth Barker, Baroness Barker is the national patron of the association.
It runs an annual meal on Wheels Week in November each year which is intended to show how meals on wheels services can prevent malnutrition and reduce isolation, particularly among elderly people, and an annual award ceremony. This includes Care Chef of the Year, awarded after a competition. Competitors have to create a two-course meal (main and dessert) suitable for service users in a care setting. The combined ingredient cost must be no more than £2.25 per head and it has to be nutritionally balanced.
In 2017 the association published a guide for members about the Care Quality Commission's fundamental standards, focussing on the role of good nutrition and hydration in quality care and the records, observations and statements that inspectors look for during an inspection.
It was one of the supporters of an open letter to Theresa May in 2019 warning that a no-deal Brexit would threaten the viability of food banks.
References
Health care industry trade groups based in the United Kingdom
Horsham District
Organisations based in West Sussex
Food industry trade groups based in the United Kingdom
The Orient Club is a private members' club, in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Established in 1884, it was the first Ceylonese-only social club in the country. Membership of the club is by nomination and election only.
History
The club was founded in 1894, by a number of leading Ceylonese, including Walter Pereira. It was formed by the Sinhalese elite in response to the restrictions on Ceylonese membership by the exclusive British Colombo Club, established earlier in 1871, and denied membership to Europeans. Founding members included Frederick Dornhorst, James Peiris, Wilmont Arthur de Silva, E. J. Samerawickreme and F. R. Senanayake.
The club was initially located on Darley Road, before moving to "Lynden Hall" in Flower Road and then "Elscourt" in Turret Road before settling at its present premises in Racecourse Avenue (now known as Rajakeeya Mawatha). The Turret Road building now forms part of Bishop's College, an Anglican all-girls school.
See also
List of Sri Lankan gentlemen's clubs
References
Colombo society
1894 establishments in Ceylon
Gentlemen's clubs in Sri Lanka
Organizations established in 1894
Clubs and societies in Sri Lanka
Megaherpystis melanoneura is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Japan, Korea, China (Anhui, Fujian, Shandong, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Guangdong, Guangxi, Sichuan, Guizhou, Shaanxi), Taiwan, Thailand, India and Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 1912
Eucosmini
Moths of Japan
is a railway station in the city of Tōno, Iwate, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Hirakura Station is served by the Kamaishi Line, and is located 56.6 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Hanamaki Station.
Station layout
The station has one side platform serving a single bi-directional track. The station is unattended.
History
Hirakura Station opened on 23 November 1915 initially as a station on the , a light railway extending 65.4 km from to the now-defunct . The line was nationalized in 1936, becoming the Kamaishi Line. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987.
Surrounding area
The station is located in an isolated rural area.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Iwate Prefecture
Kamaishi Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1915
Tōno, Iwate
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
In the social sciences, methodological individualism is the principle that subjective individual motivation explains social phenomena, rather than class or group dynamics which are illusory or artificial and therefore cannot truly explain market or social phenomena. This concept was introduced as an assumption in the social sciences by Max Weber, and discussed in their book Economy and Society.
Methodological individualism is often contrasted with methodological holism and methodological pluralism.
In economics
In neoclassical economics, people's behavior is explained in terms of rational choices as constrained by prices and incomes. The neoclassical economist accepts individuals' preferences as given. Gary Becker and George Stigler provide a forceful statement of this view:
On the traditional view, an explanation of economic phenomena that reaches a difference in tastes between people or times is the terminus of the argument: the problem is abandoned at this point to whoever studies and explains tastes (psychologists? anthropologists? phrenologists? sociobiologists?). On our preferred interpretation, one never reaches this impasse: the economist continues to search for differences in prices or incomes to explain any differences or changes in behavior.
Criticisms
Economist Mark Blaug has criticized over-reliance on methodological individualism in economics, saying that "it is helpful to note what methodological individualism strictly interpreted [...] would imply for economics. In effect, it would rule out all macroeconomic propositions that cannot be reduced to microeconomic ones [...] this amounts to saying goodbye to almost the whole of received macroeconomics. There must be something wrong with a methodological principle that has such devastating implications".
Similarly, the economist Alan Kirman has critiqued general equilibrium theory and modern economics for its "fundamentally individualistic approach to constructing economic models", and showed that an individualist competitive equilibrium is not necessarily stable or unique. However, stability and uniqueness can be achieved if aggregate variables are added, and as a result they argued "the idea that we should start at the level of the isolated individual is one which we may well have to abandon".
See also
Austrian School
Praxeology
References
Further reading
Agassi, Joseph. "Methodological individualism." The British journal of sociology 11.3 (1960): 244-270.
Kenneth J. Arrow (1994), "Methodological Individualism and Social Knowledge," American Economic Review, 84(2), pp. 1–9.
Kaushik Basu (2008), "Methodological Individualism," The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics, 2nd Edition, New York : Palgrave Macmillan Abstract.
Brian Epstein (2009), "Ontological Individualism Reconsidered," Synthese 166(1), pp. 187–213.
Friedrich A. Hayek (1948), Individualism and Economic Order. University of Chicago Press.
Geoffrey Hodgson, (2007) "Meanings of Methodological Individualism", Journal of Economic Methodology 14(2), June, pp. 211–226.
Harold Kincaid (2008), "Individualism versus Holism," The New Palgrave Dictionary of Economics, 2nd Edition, New York: Palgrave Macmillan Abstract.
Steven Lukes (1968), "Methodological Individualism Reconsidered," British Journal of Sociology 19, pp. 119–29.
Ludwig von Mises, "The Principle of Methodological Individualism", chapt. 2 in Human Action Eprint.
Joseph Schumpeter (1909), "On the Concept of Social Value", Quarterly Journal of Economics, 23(2), February, pp. 213–32.
Lars Udéhn (2002), "The Changing Face of Methodological Individualism", Annual Review of Sociology, 28, pp. 479–507.
External links
Reductionism
Sociological theories
Criticisms of economics
Individualism
Philosophy of social science
Ali Chuk is a populated place and census designated place in Pima County, Arizona, United States. Its population was 161 as of the 2010 census, and it has a land area of . It has an estimated elevation of above sea level. It is located adjacent to the border with Mexico. It is not to be confused with another village on the reservation, Ali Chukson.
Demographics
Ali Chuk first appeared on the 2010 U.S. Census as a census-designated place (CDP).
References
Populated places in Pima County, Arizona
The Isla de Lobos is a small island located about southeast of Punta del Este (Uruguay). An islet lies east of the island.
Geography
The island is an outcropping of rocks as a continuation of the Cuchilla Grande, in an area of the Atlantic Ocean immediately at the mouth (outer limit) of the estuary of Río de la Plata. Administratively, it falls under the jurisdiction of the department of Maldonado, although it constitutes a natural reserve. Somewhat to the northwest is the smaller Gorriti Island which is the secondmost southerly place in Uruguay.
Isla de Lobos was exploited economically until 1992. Hunting the island's marine life was prohibited by law in 1991.
Today it constitutes a nature reserve that is integrated into the "Coastal Islands National Park" administered by the Ministry of Livestock, Agriculture, and Fisheries.
History
It was first documented by Spanish navigator Juan Díaz de Solís in 1516 and named "San Sebastian de Cádiz". In 1527, it was visited by the Venetian navigator Sebastian Cabot during their expedition to the Río de la Plata and Paraná. In 1528, Diego García de Moguer sailed to the region and named it the "Island of the Snapper." In 1599, the island was visited by Laurens Bicker.
Lighthouse
In 1858 the Uruguayan government erected a lighthouse on the island, which was rebuilt in 1906. With its height of 59 meters above sea level, From the balcony outside, which is accessed by 240 steps, there is a wonderful panoramic view of the island and the coast of Punta del Este.
In July 2001, it became the first automated lighthouse in Uruguay, using solar energy and other new technology. It has a siren that runs on compressed air to provide an alternative signal on days of thick fog.
Animals
Isla de Lobos and Gorriti Island are parts of a nature reserve, holding the largest colony of South American sea lions and South American fur seals in the western hemisphere: in 2005 there were 250,000 sea lions of the species called "two hairs" and 1,500 of the species known as the "wig." Fewer in numbers, southern elephant seals also appear around the area.
Punta del Este is one of the most famous wintering area for southern right whales in Uruguay and shore-based whale watching is becoming a popular attraction. Can also be found different types of orcas and birds.
The area is one of few areas in Uruguay where more frequent appearances of orcas have been confirmed; their prey in the area may include tunas.
Gallery
References
Bibliography
Lobos
Tourism in Uruguay
Punta del Este
Islands of the South Atlantic Ocean
Birdwatching sites in Uruguay
Sir Chettur Madhavan Nair PC CIE (24 January 1879 – 3 March 1970) (styled Sir Madhavan Nair) was an Indian lawyer who served as a judge of the Madras High Court and member of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council.
Early life and education
Born in Mankara in the Malabar district, Madras Presidency (Now Palakkad District, Kerala), Madhavan Nair was the nephew of C. Sankaran Nair. Madhavan Nair was educated at the Victoria College, Palakkad and matriculated from the Pachaiyappa's High School, Madras. Madhavan Nair graduated from the Madras Christian College and Madras Law College before pursuing their higher education at the University College, London and qualifying as a barrister from the Middle Temple.
Career
Madhavan Nair started practising as a lawyer in the Madras High Court in 1904. They also served as a law reporter with the Madras Law Journal. Madhavan Nair served as a Government Pleader from 1919 to 1923 and Advocate-General of the Madras Presidency in 1923-24. In 1924, they had to resign as Advocate-General when appointed temporary judge and was succeeded to the post by T. R. Venkatarama Sastri. Madhavan Nair was appointed permanent judge in 1927. They served as judge of the Madras High Court till retirement on 2 January 1939, upon which they were knighted. In 1941, Madhavan Nair was appointed to the Privy Council of the United Kingdom.
Family
Madhavan Nair married Palat Parukutty Amma (Later Lady Madhavan Nair), the daughter of Sir C. Sankaran Nair and thus their cousin. They had two sons - Brigadier Palat Sankaran Nair, Palat Madhavan Nair and a daughter Mrs. Palat Narayani Mahadhava Menon. The couple resided at a property named Lynwood in Madhavan Nair Colony near Mahalingapuram, Madras. Lady Madhavan Nair was the prime benefactor of the Ayyappa Temple in Madhavan Nair Colony Mahalingapuram. Daughter Narayani married Parakkat Madhava Menon ICS and has two children Parvati Ramkumaran and Janaki Nair. Sir C M Nair's son Palat Madhavan Nair married Parakkat Rema Unni and has three children Sreelata, Madhavan and Usha
References
1879 births
1970 deaths
Indian Knights Bachelor
Companions of the Order of the Indian Empire
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council
Advocates General for Tamil Nadu
Madras Christian College alumni
19th-century Indian lawyers
People from Palakkad district
20th-century Indian lawyers
Kerala politicians
Indian members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
List of Nairs
Glaphyria xanthoperalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It is found in Surinam.
References
Moths described in 1918
Glaphyriini
The Goa Lokayukta is the ombudsman institution of the Indian state of Goa.The Lokayukta is an anti-corruption ombudsman existing in several states of India.
Justice (Retired) Ambadas Joshi is the Lokayukta of Goa since 7 May 2021.
Background
In 1966, a report by the Administrative Reforms Commission headed by Morarji Desai recommended the setting up of Lokpal at the federal level and Lokayukta in the states, for the redressal of citizen's grievances.
Goa had its first anti-corruption commission under the Goa Public Men's Corruption (Inquiries and Investigation) Act, 1988. The provisions of this Act were analogous to the Lokayukta Acts of several states. The legislation was enacted to make provision for the constitution of the commission for investigation of, and inquiry into, complaints against public men and for matters connected therewith. Government of India subsequently circulated model Bills on Lokayukta and State Vigilance Commissions to all states in India.
Journey of the Bill
The Goa Lokayukta Bill, 2003 was introduced before the Goa Legislative Assembly in 2003 during the tenure of Manohar Parrikar as the Chief Minister of Goa. It was referred to the Select Committee and the Select Committee's report was adopted by the Goa Legislative Assembly in 2006. The Bill was then finally passed by the Goa Legislative Assembly in 2007. It was sent to the Governor of Goa for their assent on 11 August 2007.
The Governor of Goa reserved it for the assent of the President of India as the proposed legislation was within the ambit of Entry No.45 of the Concurrent List (List-III) of Schedule VII of the Constitution of India. It was examined by the Union Ministries of Law, Home as well as Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions of the Government of India. These Ministries pointed out towards certain legal infirmities in the Goa Lokayukta Bill, 2003 in context to the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, Delhi Special Police Establishment Act, 1946 and the Right to Information Act, 2005. Due to these reservations expressed by several Ministries of the Government of India, the Government of Goa led by Chief Minister Digambar Kamat decided to withdraw the enactment and introduce a new legislation.
Meanwhile, the 2011 Indian anti-corruption movement across India renewed the demand for the institution of the Lokayukta. The then Chief Minister of Goa Digambar Kamat requested the Goa Law Commission to expedite the drafting of a fresh Bill. Hence, the Commission then led by Ramakant Khalap in its fifteenth report suggested a draft Lokayukta Bill. The Goa Lokayukta Bill, 2011 was passed by the Goa Legislative Assembly on 5 October 2011. As the Bill was they members of the Assembly hailed the 2011 Indian anti-corruption movement led by Anna Hazare which led to the revival of the Bill. The then Governor of Goa K. Sankaranarayanan referred back the Bill to the Government of Goa in November 2011 with certain queries. In January 2012, the Governor of Goa referred back the Bill to the Government of Goa for the second time. The Government of Goa sent the Bill for assent to the President of India.
The 2012 Assembly elections led to the ouster of the Digambar Kamat government and Manohar Parrikar became the Chief Minister of Goa. In its election manifesto, the Bharatiya Janata Party led by Parrikar had promised to institute the office of Lokayukta within 100 days of gaining power. The President of India granted their assent to the Goa Lokayukta Bill, 2011 in May 2012. The Rtd. Justice B. Sudarshan Reddy was appointed as first Lokayukta of Goa in 2013.
See also
References
Lokayuktas
Government of Goa
2011 establishments in Goa
State agencies of Goa
Government agencies established in 2011
Richard Cox (born May 6, 1948) is an American actor.  They are known for their roles as Stuart Richards in the film Cruising and Max Frazier on Ghostwriter. They were nominated for Broadway's 1979 Tony Award as Best Actor (Featured Role - Musical) for Platinum.
Career
Cox performed on Broadway with Ingrid Bergman in Captain Brassbound's Conversion before going to Hollywood in 1975 with the national company of Grease.
They appeared with Al Pacino in Cruising (1980) and Looking for Richard (1996). Other film credits include Seizure (1974), Between the Lines (1977), Sanford and Son (1975), King of the Mountain (1981), Hellhole (1985), The Vindicator (1986), Zombie High (1987) and Radio Free Albemuth (2010).
They can also be seen playing a terrorist fighting for independence in the Star Trek episode "The High Ground" (1990).
Filmography
Film
Television
External links
1948 births
Living people
American male film actors
American male stage actors
Place of birth missing (living people)
American male television actors
Give Me a Call may refer to:
"Give Me a Call" (song), by Pauline Kamusewu, 2009
"Give Me a Call", a song by 311 from Evolver
"Give Me a Call", a song by Mike Jones from The Voice
"Give Me a Call", an episode of Peep and the Big Wide World
Ffos Las is a rural area between the villages of Carway and Trimsaran, north of the town of Llanelli in the Gwendraeth Valley in Carmarthenshire, Wales.
The Ffos Las area is named after a farm which had existed at the site before mining operations began. The English translation of ffos las is blue ditch. Ffos Las was once the site of an open cast mining operation which operated between 1983 and 1997. At one time, it was the largest open cast mine in Europe and was 500 ft deep.
Ffos Las is now best known for the Ffos Las racecourse which was completed in 2009. The racecourse is built on top of the in-filled open cast mine.
Future plans
There are proposals by house builders Persimmon to build around 250 houses on a part of the racecourse development site. 69 properties are planned for the first phase of construction.
References
Geography of Carmarthenshire
Oheneba is a regal rank given to both female or male child of a king or chief. It is the equivalent of prince or princess (from Latin princeps, meaning principal citizen).
Most often, the term has been used for the child of a king, or for the daughter of a king.
The twi word derives, via the twi and akan word ohene, meaning "the chief or king" and ''ba'' also via a twi and akan word, meaning child, with the two meaning the ''chief's child'' or the ''king's child''.
Oheneba as a courtesy title
In the Akan tradition and Akan chieftaincy, the child of a king or chief does not ascend the throne when their or their father dies due to their Matrilineal inheritance and succession. However the children are given the title Oheneba which means the ''chief's child'' or the ''king's child''. The title is maintained even when their fathers (the king) passes on.
Notable people with the title Oheneba;
Oheneba Lesley Akyaa Opoku Ware (Daughter of Otumfuo Opoku Ware II, the 15th King of the Ashanti Kingdom (Asantehene)
Oheneba Adusei Poku (Son of Otumfuo Opoku Ware II, the 15th King of the Ashanti Kingdom (Asantehene)
Oheneba Mensah Bonsu (Hiahene) (Caretaker and Uncle of Otumfuo Nana Osei Tutu II)
Oheneba as a given name
Oheneba as a name; Oheneba can be a given name of a male child in Akan ethnic group to signify how precious the child is in the Akan parlance.
Notable people with the given name;
Oheneba Boachie-Adjei
Oheneba Kow Aduako Richardson
Oheneba Krabea
References
Akan culture
Akan given names
Ghanaian culture
The Croke Baronetcy, of Chilton in the County of Buckingham, was a title in the Baronetage of England. It was created in circa 1642 for John Croke. They were the grandson of Sir John Croke, Speaker of the House of Commons. The title became extinct on the death of the second Baronet in 1728.
Croke baronets, of Chilton (c. 1642)
Sir John Croke, 1st Baronet (–1679)
Sir Dodsworth Croke, 2nd Baronet (c. 1644–1728)
References
Extinct baronetcies in the Baronetage of England
Molano is a Spanish language surname. Notable people with the name include:
Alex Molano (born 1992), American professional soccer player
Diego Molano Aponte (born 1970), Colombian politician and business administrator
Diego Molano Vega (born 1967), former Minister of Information Technologies and Communications of Colombia
Juan Minaya Molano (born 1941), Colombian chess master
Ericson Alexander Molano (born 1979), Spanish Christian singer
Juan Sebastián Molano (born 1994), Colombian professional racing cyclist
Willie Molano, retired Colombian association football player
See also
References
Spanish-language surnames
Wągrodno may refer to the following places in Poland:
Wągrodno, Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Wągrodno, Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Wągrodno, Piaseczno County in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Wągrodno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-west Poland)
The Samuel Ecological Station () is a strictly protected ecological station in the state of Rondônia, Brazil.
It contains a tract of Amazon rainforest that extends east from the reservoir formed by the Samuel Hydroelectric Dam.
Location
The Samuel State Ecological Station is in the northern portion of the state of Rondonia.
It covers part of the Jamari River basin and a large part of the reservoir of the Samuel Hydroelectric Dam.
The conservation unit extends the east from this reservoir.
It is bounded to the north by the Jequitibá Forestry Settlement Project (Projeto de Assentamento Florestal), to the north and east by the Jacundá National Forest and to the south by the Jamari National Forest.
The unit lies in the municipalities of Candeias do Jamari (76%} and Itapuã do Oeste (24%).
Environment
The Samuel State Ecological Station lies in the lower plateau of the western Amazonia, with altitudes from above sea level.
The conservation unit is completely covered with open rainforest of the Amazon biome.
The unit has diverse flora, with up to 200 species of trees per hectare.
Palm trees dominate the upper strata of poorly drained areas.
There are typical lowland forests in the flooded areas and along streams adapted to flood periods of up to eight months.
Conservation
The Samuel Ecological Station was created as a form of compensation for the environmental impact of the Eletronorte's Samuel hydroelectric project, whose reservoir covers .
The ecological station was created by decree on 18 July 1989 with an area of .
On 29 December 1997 the station's limits were defined with an area of .
The station has been threatened by illegal logging.
The Rondonia Environmental agency Secretaria de Estado do Desenvolvimento Ambiental (SEDAM) signed an agreement with Eletronorte in 2013 for mutual cooperation in protection and conservation actions for the Samuel station, without transfer of funds.
On 2015 an advisory council was formed with members from government and non-government institutions of the Candeias do Jamari and Itapuã d'Oeste municipalities, Vila Nova Samuel and the Jequitibá PAF farmers association.
Notes
Sources
1989 establishments in Brazil
Ecological stations of Brazil
Protected areas of Rondônia
Protected areas established in 1989
Nick Afanasiev (born July 29, 1989) is a Russian-born American actor, known for having the longest tongue in recorded history. Afanasiev's tongue is nine centimeters (3.54 inches) long, and is considered the longest tongue in America.
Career
Afanasiev has appeared in independent films, television pilots, an episode of Animal Planet's Killer Outbreaks, and commercials for CCM Hockey Gear, Cornetto Ice Cream, and Mopar. In 2011, they starred in the Travis Fort film 2012: Ice Age. Their tongue has been showcased on numerous television shows around the world. They perform tricks such as licking their elbow, licking their eye, text messaging with their tongue, and licking ice cream from the tip of their nose.
Afanasiev was born in Moscow, Russia, and moved to the United States at the age of seven. In 2008, a video featuring Afanasiev's tongue became an internet sensation. In addition to iCarly, Afanasiev has appeared on television shows around the world, including The Tyra Banks Show, Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and TruTV's Smoking Gun Presents.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Male actors from Moscow
American male film actors
American male television actors
Russian emigrants to the United States
21st-century American male actors
American male voice actors
The 1977 Bandy World Championship was the tenth Bandy World Championship and was contested between four men's bandy playing nations. The championship was played in Norway from 23–30 January 1977. The Soviet Union became champions.
Participants
Premier tour
23 January
Norway – Finland 1–5
Soviet Union – Sweden 2–3
24 January
Norway – Sweden 3–1
Soviet Union – Finland 4–3
26 January
Finland – Sweden 2–1
Soviet Union – Norway 8–1
27 January
Norway – Sweden 2–6
Soviet Union – Finland 8–3
29 January
Finland – Sweden 3–9
Soviet Union – Norway 6–1
30 January
Norway – Finland 4–2
Soviet Union – Sweden 3–2
References
1977
1977 in bandy
1977 in Soviet sport
International bandy competitions hosted by Norway
January 1977 sports events in Europe
Ubagahora Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 1.8 km2. The dam impounds about 3 ha of land when full and can store 187 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1964.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Gökbük, Finike is a village in the District of Finike, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Finike District
Sayed Nasruddin Mohseni is a politician of Afghanistan.  They are a leader of the Hizb e Wahadat e Islami—a party that serves members of Hazara ethnic group, who are from Islam's Sh'ia minority.
Delegate to the Constitutional Loya Jirga 2002-2004
During the 2001 Bonn Conference that selected Hamid Karzai as Afghanistan's interim leader obliged them to empower a Constitutional Loya Jirga to write a new constitution.
Karzai appointed Nasruddin Mohseni to be a delegate to the Loya Jirga.
They sat on the first of the Jirga's ten committees, chaired by Ustad Rabani.
Committee one drafted 45 articles.
The Jirga sat from 2002 through 2004.
Popular elections to the Wolesi Jirga, the lower house of Afghanistan's national assembly followed in 2005.
Hizb e Wahadat e Islami
Eurasianet chose to quote Nasruddin while describing mounting disenchantment with Hamid Karzai's central government among the minority groups in Afghanistan's north. They described them as a ''"senior leader"' of the Hizb e Wahadat e Islami.
References
Afghan politicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Renault Sport Trophy was a one-make racing series created and managed by Renault Sport. The series has raced with the Renault Sport R.S. 01 in 2015 and 2016 as part of the Renault Sport Series (formerly World Series by Renault), but was folded after just two seasons.
Development
In 2014, Renault announced its intention to create a new one-make sports car championship. The company unveiled the racecar for the series, called Renault Sport RS 01, at the 2014 Moscow Motor Show. The RS 01, developed by Renault Sport, has a Gibson Technology-tuned 3.8-litre V6 twin-turbo engine supplied by Renault Sport's Japanese partner Nismo and a chassis built by Dallara. It was announced that the championship would use a professional-gentleman drivers combination. The first season was held in 2015. The second and the last season was held in 2016, as a support event for 2016 European Le Mans Series.
Drivers and race format
The car is driven by a professional-gentleman driver combination. Professional drivers compete for the Elite (or PRO) class championship and gentlemen for the Prestige (or AM) class. , the race weekend consists of one 60-minute/90-minute (plus one lap) race called "endurance", where the two drivers of each car participate, and two 25-minute races (one for the Elite-class driver and other for the Prestige-class driver). There are separate qualifying sessions for Elite and Prestige to determine the grid order in the short races, and the endurance grid order is determined by a system that uses a mix of Elite and Prestige qualifying results.
Awards
the Renault Sport Trophy Elite-class champion is given a development programme and the chance to participate at a Nismo's Super GT test. If they are not chosen to compete in Super GT, they receive a award. The Prestige-class driver can opt between a award to step up into the Elite class or a LMP2 entry at the Le Mans 24 Hours.
Specifications
Engine displacement: DOHC V6
Gearbox: 7-speed paddle shift gearbox (must have reverse)
Weight:
Power output:
Fuel: Elf LMS 101.6 RON Unleaded
Fuel Capacity:
Fuel Delivery: Fuel injection
Aspiration: Twin-turbocharged
Length:
Width:
Wheelbase:
Steering: Hydraulic power-assisted rack and pinion
Champions
See also
Eurocup Mégane Trophy
Renault Clio Cup
References
External links
Renault-Sport official website
Renault Sport Trophy official website
Touring car racing series
Recurring sporting events established in 2015
Recurring events disestablished in 2016
Psyllobora vigintiduopunctata (often abbreviated to Psyllobora 22-punctata), the 22-spot ladybird, (earlier known as Thea vigintiduopunctata) is a common, 3–5 mm long ladybird native to Europe . The elytra are yellow in colour with 22 black spots. The pronotum is yellow or white with 5 black spots. Unlike most other ladybirds which feed on aphids, P. 22-punctata eats mildew — especially from umbellifers and low-growing shrubs . The 22-spot ladybird is best looked for amongst low vegetation.
References
Coccinellidae
Beetles of Europe
Beetles described in 1758
Articles containing video clips
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The Fiat X1/23 is a concept car originally shown in 1972 at the Turin Motor Show and in 1976 as an electric car by the Italian manufacturer Fiat. Designed by Centro Stile Fiat, it is a small two-seater city car, unlike any Fiat produced at the time.
The 1976 X1/23 is fitted with a 14 kW electric motor driving the front wheels and equipped with regenerative braking. Batteries are located at the rear. The X1/23 has a top speed of and a claimed range of about . Despite its diminutive size, the car weighs , of which was due to the battery.
References
Electric concept cars
X1 23
X1 23
Jean Laverty (born Gladys Laverty, and also known as Jean Bary) was an American actor active in Hollywood in the 1920s and 1930s.
Biography
Early life
Jean was born in Blue Lake, California, to Henry Laverty and Helen Douarin. While growing up in the small village in Humboldt County, they found themselves drawn to the theater. They acted in their high school's plays and was said to have caused an argument between students and faculty by posing for glamorous flapper-style photographs in the school's student newspaper. When they were 18, they were persuaded by a visiting woman stage director to run away from home and pursue a career as an actor.
Hollywood career
They eventually found work as a model and broke out as an actor on the Orpheum vaudeville circuit. When the act arrived in Los Angeles, Jean decided to stay and try their hand in the movies. They spent their early years toiling in bit parts in comedies at Fox; then, in 1929, in a bid to amp up their career, they started going by Jean Bary, reportedly guided by a suggestion by a numerologist. Soon after the name change, they were cast in a big role in Raoul Walsh's 1929 film The Cock-Eyed World. Them last known role was in 1936's After the Thin Man.
Personal life
In 1938, they filed a lawsuit against film editor William Hamilton, charging that they had promised to marry them in December 1936 and then changed their mind nearly two years later. They eventually married William V. Muir.
Selected filmography
1936 After the Thin Man
1936 Florida Special
1935 Diamond Jim
1933 Strictly Personal
1932 The Famous Ferguson Case
1931 June Moon
1930 Mothers Cry
1930 Scarlet Pages
1930 Bright Lights
1930 Lilies of the Field
1929 The Great Divide
1929 Why Leave Home?
1929 The Cock-Eyed World
1929 Prisoners
1929 Campus Knights
1929 Fugitives
1929 Captain Lash
1928 The Fleet's In
1928 The Goodbye Kiss
1928 Bachelor's Paradise
1928 So This Is Love
References
1904 births
1973 deaths
American actores
Actresses from California
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
The Taraba State House of Assembly is a branch of the Government of Taraba State, which serves as the legislative house where all legislative decisions and lawmaking for the governance of Taraba State is emanating. It is a unicameral body with 24 members elected into the 24 state constituencies. The current Speaker of the Taraba State House of Assembly is Joseph Albasu Kunini from Lau constituency of Taraba State.
9th Taraba State House of Assembly Members 2019 - 2023
1. Joseph Albasu Kunini
Honorable Speaker
Member Representing Lau Constituency
2. Haman Adama
Deputy Speaker
Member Representing Bali I Constituency
Douglas Ndatse
Majority Leader
Member Representing Donga Constituency
References
Taraba State
Çiçekoluk is a village in the District of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Gündoğmuş District
Lloyds Associated Banking Company Limited (LABCO) was the merchant banking arm of Lloyds Bank in the United Kingdom from 1971 until 1985, when it became part of the newly-formed Lloyds Merchant Bank.
History
LABCOs activities as a licensed deposit-taking institution under the Banking Act 1979, were centred on the raising and lending of sterling funds in the wholesale market, bidding for sterling deposits at market rates independently of the normal branch deposit account system and providing medium-term loans to customers falling outside the bank's usual lending arrangements. Operating principally in the London inter-bank sterling market, it matched deposits and loans closely, thus minimising its exposure to risk. In 1982, Lloyds Associated Banking Company was renamed Lloyds Bank (LABCO) Limited and, in 1985, it became a wholly owned subsidiary of Lloyds Merchant Bank Holdings as a primary market maker in the new gilt-edged market, under the name Lloyds Merchant Bank (Government Bonds) Limited.
Lloyds Merchant Bank
Lloyds' merchant banking activities included capital markets, corporate finance, development capital, export and project finance, and investment management services. Lloyds Merchant Bank Limited ceased to operate as a separate business unit in 1993, but the parent bank's activities, which were re-organised around market segments, continued in development capital, investment management and stockbroking.
See also
Lloyds Development Capital
References
External links
Lloyds Bank Commercial Bank
Lloyds Banking Group
Banks established in 1971
Banks disestablished in 1985
Defunct banks of the United Kingdom
Housing Conservation Coordinators (HCC) is a not-for-profit organization located at 777 Tenth Avenue in Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan, USA, that provides legal representation, engages in tenant and community organizing, installs energy efficient systems through their Weatherization Program and offers technical training.
History
HCC was founded in 1972 at the time of New York City's financial crisis and assisted tenants of buildings abandoned by their landlords to buy their buildings — if the city had seized them for back taxes — under the Tenant Interim Lease Program. Such tenant-owned buildings were organized as low-income cooperatives called Housing Development Fund Corporations. When the city attempted to raise the purchase price they led the "$250 for Clinton and Chelsea Too" campaign There are more than seventy low-income cooperatives in Hell's Kitchen, purchased from the city after tax foreclosure or directly from the landlords with HCC loans.
HCC has had contact with tenants in roughly 90% of the buildings in Hell's Kitchen.
Technical training
HCC training programs taught tenants how to operate and repair a boiler, enabling tenants of abandoned buildings to provide themselves their basic needs.
Income limits
HCC can only represent tenant households with total combined incomes below specific amounts.
Footnotes
External links
Condominiums and housing cooperatives in Manhattan
Organizations established in 1972
1972 establishments in New York City
Prince Karl of Bavaria () (1 April 1874 – 9 May 1927) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach and a Major General in the Bavarian Army.
Early life and military career
Karl was born at Villa Amsee near Lindau in Bavaria. They were the second son of King Ludwig III of Bavaria and their wife Archduchess Maria Theresia of Austria-Este.
Like their older brother Crown Prince Rupprecht, Karl joined the Bavarian Army and eventually reached the rank of Major General.
Death
Karl died in Munich and is buried in the crypt of the famous Frauenkirche in the Bavarian capital.
Ancestry
References
Das Bayernbuch vom Kriege 1914-1918, Konrad Krafft von Dellmensingen, Friedrichfranz Feeser, Chr. Belser AG, Verlagsbuchhandlung, Stuttgart 1930
C. Arnold McNaughton, The Book of Kings: A Royal Genealogy, in 3 volumes (London, U.K.: Garnstone Press, 1973), volume 1, page 469.
1874 births
1927 deaths
People from the Kingdom of Bavaria
People from Lindau
Bavarian generals
Princes of Bavaria
House of Wittelsbach
Recipients of the Iron Cross (1914)
Burials at Munich Frauenkirche
Merritt Patterson (born September 2, 1990) is a Canadian actor.  They are known for playing Olivia on the short-lived Pretty Little Liars spinoff Ravenswood, and for playing Ophelia on E! network's television series The Royals.
Life and career
In 2013, Patterson was initially cast in a supporting role in the pilot for the ABC Family series, Ravenswood, but was subsequently recast as Olivia, a main role on the series.
In 2015, they portrayed Ophelia, one of the main roles in the first season of E! television series, The Royals. In 2016 Patterson was cast in the second season of the Crackle television drama The Art of More, playing Olivia Brukner, the daughter of Dennis Quaid's character.
On September 17, 2022, Patterson married their long time boyfriend, JR Ringer, in Puglia, Italy.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
21st-century Canadian actores
Actresses from British Columbia
Canadian child actores
Canadian film actores
Canadian people of Scottish descent
Canadian television actores
Jacques-Pierre Peminuit Paul was a Grand Chief of the Mi'kmaq who lived at Shubenacadie, Nova Scotia. They were most well known for their shamanic abilities.
On 15 September 1856, Paul was confirmed as grand chief by Archbishop William Walsh at St. Mary's Basilica (Halifax), receiving a medal from Pope Pius IX and a written endorsement from the Lt. Governor, Sir John Gaspard Le Marchant.
In 1879, Paul met with the Governor General of Canada, the Marquess of Lorne, in the Red Chamber, Province House, Halifax, Nova Scotia.
See also
List of Grand Chiefs (Mi'kmaq)
Grand Council (Mi'kmaq)
References
External links
Photograph of Paul
People from Hants County, Nova Scotia
Indigenous leaders in Atlantic Canada
Mi'kmaq people
Stanley Kwan (traditional Chinese: 關錦鵬; simplified Chinese: 关锦鹏); born 9 October 1957) is a Hong Kong film director and producer.
Kwan landed a job at TVB after receiving a mass communications degree at Hong Kong Baptist College. Kwan's first film was Women (1985), which starred Chow Yun-fat, and was a big box-office success.
Kwan's films often deal sympathetically with the plight of women and their struggles with romantic affairs of the heart. Rouge (1987), Full Moon in New York (1989), Center Stage (1992; a.k.a. Actress), a biopic on silent film star Ruan Lingyu and Everlasting Regret (2005), are all such typical Kwan films. Red Rose White Rose (1994) is an adaptation of an Eileen Chang novel. The film was entered into the 45th Berlin International Film Festival. Their 1998 film Hold You Tight won the Alfred Bauer Prize and Teddy Award at the 48th Berlin International Film Festival.
Kwan came out as a gay man in 1996 in Yang ± Yin, their documentary looking at the history of Chinese-language film through the prism of gender roles and sexuality.  They are one of the few openly gay directors in Asia and one of the very few to have worked on these themes. Their Lan Yu (2001) adapts a gay love story originally published on the Internet.
Kwan is also an occasional lecturer at the City University of Hong Kong, where they teach directing and writing to students.
Filmography
Film
Women 女人心 (1985)
Love Unto Waste 地下情 (1986)
Rouge 胭脂扣 (1987)
Full Moon in New York 人在紐約 (1989)
Too Happy for Words 兩個女人，一個靚一個唔靚 (1992)
Center Stage, a.k.a. The New China Woman or Actress 阮玲玉 (1991)
Red Rose White Rose 紅玫瑰白玫瑰 (1994)
Yang ± Yin: Gender in Chinese Cinema 男生女相：華語電影之性别 (1996)
Hold You Tight 愈快樂愈墮落 (1997) (Teddy Award in 1998)
Still Love You After All These 念你如昔 (1997)
The Island Tales 有時跳舞 (1999)
Lan Yu 藍宇 (2001)
Everlasting Regret 長恨歌 (2005)
Showtime (2010)
First Night Nerves 八個女人一台戲 （2018）
Further reading
Johannes Rosenstein (ed.): Stanley Kwan (= Film-Konzepte 45). Munich: edition text + kritik 2017.
See also
Hong Kong Second Wave
References
External links
Stanley Kwan Kam-Pang at hkmdb.com
1957 births
Living people
Alumni of Hong Kong Baptist University
Hong Kong male film actors
Hong Kong film directors
Hong Kong film producers
Gay actors
LGBT film directors
LGBT people from Hong Kong
Asian film producers
Hong Kong artists
Radford is an English toponymic surname deriving from one of several places in England named "Radford", chief among these being Radford, Coventry and Radford, Nottingham. The most closely related surname to Radford is "Radforth", while a common variant is "Redford".
Notable people sharing this surname include:
Born in 19th Century
Arthur W. Radford (1896–1973), Admiral in United States Navy
Basil Radford (1897–1952), English actor
Dollie Radford (1858–1920), English poet and author
Edmund Ashworth Radford (1881–1944), English Conservative political figure
Ernest Radford (1857–1919), English poet
George Heynes Radford (1845–1917), British Liberal political figure
Henry Radford (1896–1972), English cricketer
Lewis Radford (1869–1937), English Anglican bishop and author
Paul Radford (1861–1945), United States baseball player
Wally Radford (1886–1943), English footballer
William Radford (1808–1890), Admiral in United States Navy
William Radford (politician) (1814–1870), United States political figure
Born in 20th Century
Albert Ernest Radford (1918–2006), United States academic and botanist
Andy Radford (1944–2006), British Anglican bishop, Bishop of Taunton
Barbara Radford, British figure skater
Benjamin Radford (born 1970), United States science writer and journalist
Bob Radford (1943–2004), Australian cricket administrator
Brendan Radford (fl. 1990s-present), Australian musician
Brian Radford (fl. 1950s), Welsh rugby player
Charlie Radford (1900–1924), British footballer
Elaine Radford (born 1958), United States author
Eric Radford (born 1985), Canadian figure skater
Glen Radford (born 1962), Zambian-born South African cricketer
Howard Radford (born 1930), Welsh footballer
Jim Radford (1928–2020), British D-Day veteran, peace campaigner and folk-singer
John Radford (footballer) (born 1947), English footballer
John Radford (broadcaster) (fl. 1980s), Canadian director of radio and television stations
Kristine Kunce (born 1970), Australian tennis player, also known as Kristine Radford
Lee Radford (born 1979), English rugby player
Luis Radford (fl. 2000s), Canadian educator
Mark Radford (basketball) (born 1959), American former National Basketball Association player
Mark Radford (footballer) (born 1968), English former footballer
Michael Radford (born 1946), English film director and screenwriter
Natalie Radford (born 1966), Canadian actor
Neal Radford (born 1957), North Rhodesia (now Zambia)-n born English cricketer
Peter Radford (born 1939), English athlete in track
Phil Radford (born 1970s), United States environmental activist, director of Greenpeace
Ralegh Radford (1900–1999), English archaeologist
Richard A. Radford (1939–2006), British-born American economist, notable for their article on POW camp economics
Robert Radford (1874–1933), English-born United States musician
Robert Radford (footballer) (1900-?), English footballer
Ron Radford (born 1949), Australian art museum curator
Ronald Radford (fl. 1990s-present), United States musician (flamenco guitar)
Ronnie Radford (born 1943), English footballer
Rosemary Radford Ruether (born 1936), United States academic and theologian
Sheri Radford (fl. 1990s-present), Canadian author
Steve Radford (born 1957), British Liberal political figure
Toby Radford (born 1971), Welsh cricketer
Wayne Radford (basketball) (1956–2021), United States athlete in basketball
Wayne Radford (cricketer) (born 1958), Zambian-born South African cricketer
References
See also
Radford family
English-language surnames
English toponymic surnames
Butterfly (or Gulugufe in the Tonga language of Zambia, Malawi and Mozambique) is a two-player abstract strategy game. It is related to draughts and Alquerque. It is a similar game to Lau kata kati from India which may suggest a historical connection between the two games.
Goal
The goal is to capture all of your opponent's pieces.
Equipment
The board is essentially two triangles joined together at a common vertex which makes the board look like a butterfly. Each triangle will be referred to as a wing in this article. Two lines cross the breadth of each triangle forming the second and third ranks, and another line that runs down the length of the triangle through the common vertex. There are a total of 19 intersection points for the pieces to be played upon.
Each player has nine pieces. One player plays black, and the other player plays white; however, any two colors or distinguishable objects will suffice.
Related games
Lau kata kati
Dash-guti
Egara-guti
Permainan-Tabal
Peralikatuma
Draughts
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20050914083121/http://educ.queensu.ca/~fmc/april2003/Butterfly.html
http://www.isb.ac.th/ado/Content/Text/Content_4165/Math%20Games.pdf
Abstract strategy games
Traditional board games
The Nebula Award for Best Novella is given each year by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) for science fiction or fantasy novellas. A work of fiction is defined by the organization as a novella if it is between 17,500 and 40,000 words; awards are also given out for pieces of longer lengths in the novel category, and for shorter lengths in the short story and novelette categories. To be eligible for Nebula Award consideration, a novella must be published in English in the United States. Works published in English elsewhere in the world are also eligible, provided they are released on either a website or in an electronic edition. The Nebula Award for Best Novella has been awarded annually since 1966. Novellas published by themselves are eligible for the novel award instead, if the author requests them to be considered as such. The award has been described as one of "the most important of the American science fiction awards" and "the science-fiction and fantasy equivalent" of the Emmy Awards.
Nebula Award nominees and winners are chosen by members of SFWA, though the authors of the nominees do not need to be members. Works are nominated each year by members in a period around December 15 through January 31, and the six works that receive the most nominations then form the final ballot, with additional nominees possible in the case of ties. Soon after, members are given a month to vote on the ballot, and the final results are presented at the Nebula Awards ceremony in May. Authors are not permitted to nominate their own works, and ties in the final vote are broken, if possible, by the number of nominations the works received. The rules were changed to their current format in 2009. Previously, the eligibility period for nominations was defined as one year after the publication date of the work, which allowed the possibility for works to be nominated in the calendar year after their publication and then be awarded in the calendar year after that. Works were added to a preliminary list for the year if they had ten or more nominations, which were then voted on to create a final ballot, to which the SFWA organizing panel was also allowed to add an additional work.
During the 57 nomination years, 192 authors have had works nominated; 54 of these have won, including co-authors and ties. Nancy Kress has won the most awards: four out of eight nominations. Robert Silverberg, John Varley, and Roger Zelazny have each won twice out of eight, two, and three nominations, respectively. Silverberg's and Kress's eight nominations are the most of any authors, followed by Lucius Shepard and Michael Bishop at seven, and Kate Wilhelm and Avram Davidson with six. Bishop has the most nominations without receiving an award for novellas, though Wilhelm and Davidson have also not won an award.
Winners and nominees
In the following table, the years correspond to the date of the ceremony, rather than when the novella was first published. Each year links to the corresponding "year in literature". Entries with a blue background and an asterisk (*) next to the writer's name have won the award; those with a white background are the other nominees on the shortlist.
* Winners and joint winners
See also
Hugo Award for Best Novella
References
External links
Nebula Awards official site
Awards established in 1966
1966 establishments in the United States
Novella
Speculative fiction award-winning novellas
Novella awards
Jonckheere may refer to:
Jonckheere, Belgian motor coach and bus builder
Aimable Robert Jonckheere (1920–2005), French statistician and psychologist
Robert Jonckhèere (1888–1974), French astronomer
See also
Jonkheer
The Shafii (, also spelled Shafei), also known as Madhhab al-Shāfiʿī, is one of the four major traditional schools of religious law (madhhab) in the Sunnī branch of Islam. It was founded by the Arab intellectual Muḥammad ibn Idrīs al-Shāfiʿī, "the father of Muslim jurisprudence", in the early 9th century.
The other three schools of Sunnī jurisprudence are Ḥanafī, Mālikī and Ḥanbalī. Like the other schools of fiqh, Shafii recognize the First Four Caliphs as the Islamic prophet Muhammad's rightful successors and relies on the Qurʾān and the "sound" books of Ḥadīths as primary sources of law. The Shafi'i school affirms the authority of both divine law-giving (the Qurʾān and the Sunnah) and human speculation regarding the Law. Where passages of Qurʾān and/or the Ḥadīths are ambiguous, the school seeks guidance of Qiyās (analogical reasoning). The Ijmā' (consensus of scholars or of the community) was "accepted but not stressed". The school rejected the dependence on local traditions as the source of legal precedent and rebuffed the Ahl al-Ra'y (personal opinion) and the Istiḥsān (juristic discretion).
The Shafii school was widely followed in the Middle East until the rise of the Ottomans and the Safavids. Traders and merchants helped to spread Shafii Islam across the Indian Ocean, as far India and the Southeast Asia. The Shafii school is now predominantly found in parts of the Hejaz and the Levant, Lower Egypt and Yemen, and among the Kurdish people, in the Caucasus and across the Indian Ocean (Horn of Africa and the Swahili Coast in Africa and coastal South Asia and Southeast Asia).
Principles
The fundamental principle of the Shafii thought depends on the idea that "to every act performed by a believer who is subject to the Law there corresponds a statute belonging to the Revealed Law or the Shari'a". This statute is either presented as such in the Qurʾān or the Sunnah or it is possible, by means of analogical reasoning (Qiyas), to infer it from the Qurʾān or the Sunnah.
Al-Shafii was the first jurist to insist that Ḥadīth were the decisive source of law (over traditional doctrines of earlier thoughts). In order of priority, the sources of jurisprudence according to the Shafii thought, are:
The Foundation (al asl)
Qurʾān — the sacred scripture of Islam.
Sunnah — defined by Al-Shāfiʿī as "the sayings, the acts, and the tacit acquiescence of Prophet Muhammed as related in solidly established traditions".
The school rejected dependence on local community practice as the source of legal precedent.
Ma'qul al-asl
Qiyas with Legal Proof or Dalil Shari'a — "Analogical reasoning as applied to the deduction of juridical principles from the Qurʾān and the Sunnah."
Analogy by Cause (Qiyas al-Ma'na/Qiyas al-Illa)
Analogy by Resemblance (Qiyas al-Shabah)
Ijmā' — consensus of scholars or of the community ("accepted but not stressed").
The concept of Istishab was first introduced by the later Shafii scholars. Al-Shafii also postulated that "penal sanctions lapse in cases where repentance precedes punishment".
Risālah
The groundwork legal text for the Shafii law is the Risālah ("the Message"), composed by Al-Shafii in Egypt. It outlines the principles of Shafii legal thought as well as the derived jurisprudence. A first version of the Risālah, "al-Risalah al-Qadima", produced by Al-Shafii during their stay in Baghdad, is currently lost.
Differences from Mālikī and Ḥanafī thoughts
Al-Shāfiʿī fundamentally criticised the concept of judicial conformism (the taqlid).
With Mālikī view
Shafii school argued that various existing local traditions may not reflect the practice of Prophet Muhammed (a critique to the Mālikī thought). The local traditions, according to the Shāfiʿī understanding, thus cannot be treated as sources of law.
With Ḥanafī view
The Shafii school rebuffed the Ahl al-Ra'y (personal opinion) and the Istiḥsān (juristic discretion). It insisted that the rules of the jurists could no longer be invoked in legal issues without additional authentications. The school refused to admit doctrines that had no textual basis in either the Qurʾān or Ḥadīths, but were based on the opinions of Islamic scholars (the Imams).
The Shafii thinking believes that the methods may help to "substitute man for God and Prophet Muhammed, the only legitimate legislators" and "true knowledge and correct interpretation of religious obligations would suffer from arbitrary judgments infused with error".
History
Al-Shāfiʿī (c. 767–820 AD) visited most of the great centres of Islamic jurisprudence in the Middle East during the course of their travels and amassed a comprehensive knowledge of the different ways of legal theory. They were a student of scholars Mālik ibn Anas, the founder of the Mālikī school of law, and Muḥammad Shaybānī, the great Ḥanafī intellectual in Baghdad.
The Shafii thoughts were initially spread by Al-Shafii students in Cairo and Baghdad. By the 10th centuty, the holy cities of Mecca and Medina and Syria also became chief centres of Shafii ideas.
The school later exclusively held the judgeships in Syria, Kirman, Bukhara and the Khorasan. It also flourished in Northern Mesopotamia and in Daylam. The Ghurids also endorsed the Shafiis in the 11th and 12th centuries AD.
Under Salah al-Din, the Shafii school again became the paramount thought in Egypt (the region had come under Shi'a influence prior to this period). It was the "official school" of the Ayyubid dynasty and remained prominent during Mamlūk period also. Baybars, the Mamlūk sultan, later appointed judges from all four madhabs in Egypt.
Traders and merchants helped to spread Shafii Islam across the Indian Ocean, as far India and the Southeast Asia.
Under Ottomans and the Safavids
Rise of the Ottomans in the 16th century resulted in the replacement of Shafii judges by Ḥanafī scholars.
Under the Safavids, Shafii preeminence in Central Asia was replaced by Shi'a Islam.
Distribution
The Shafii school is presently predominant in the following parts of the world:
Middle East and North Africa: Parts of Hejaz, the Levant (Palestine, Jordan and a significant number in Syria, Lebanon, and Iraq), Lower Egypt, among Sunnis in Iran and Yemen, and the Kurdish people.
Asia: Dagestan, Chechen and Ingush regions of the Caucasus.
On the Indian Ocean
Africa: Djibouti, Somalia, Ethiopia, Eritrea and the Swahili Coast (Kenya and Tanzania).
South Asia: Maldives, Sri Lanka and southern India (Kerala, southern Tamil Nadu, western Karnataka).
Southeast Asia: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, Myanmar, Thailand, Brunei, and the southern Philippines.
The Shafii school is one of the largest school of Sunni madhhabs by number of adherents. The demographic data by each fiqh, for each nation, is unavailable and the relative demographic size are estimates.
Notable Shafiis
Al-Muzani
Al-Ghazali
Yahya ibn Sharaf al-Nawawi
Fakhr al-Din al-Razi
Ibn al-Nafis
Ibn Kathir
Izz al-Din ibn 'Abd al-Salam
Ibn Daqiq al-'Id
Al-Suyuti
In Hadith:
Muhammad al-Bukhari (Author of Sahih Bukhari)
Muslim ibn al-Hajjaj (Author of Sahih Muslim)
Al-Tirmidhi
Ibn Majah
Al-Nasa'i
Abu Zur'a al-Razi
Abu Hatim al-Razi
Ibn Abi Hatim
Ibn Khuzaymah
Al-Daraqutni
Al-Bayhaqi
Hakim al-Nishaburi
Al-Baghawi
Ibn al-Salah
Yahya ibn Sharaf al-Nawawi
Yusuf ibn Abd al-Rahman al-Mizzi
Al-Dhahabi
Ibn Kathir
Abd al-Rahim ibn al-Husain al-'Iraqi
Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani
Al-Sakhawi
Ali ibn Abu Bakr al-Haythami
Al-Khatib al-Baghdadi
Al-Qastallani
Ibn Hajar al-Haytami
In Tafsir:
Ibn Kathir
Al-Tabari
Al-Baghawi
Baidawi
Ahmad ibn Muhammad al-Tha'labi
Said Nursî
Hamka
In Fiqh:
Al-Mawardi
Al-Juwayni
Al-Ghazali
Al-Baghawi
Baidawi
Yahya ibn Sharaf al-Nawawi
Zakariyya al-Ansari
Ibn Hajar al-Haytami
Sayf al-Din al-Amidi
Ahmad ibn Naqib al-Misri
Zainuddin Makhdoom I
Ibn Nuhaas
Abdallah al-Qutbi
In Arabic language studies:
Ibn Malik
Ibn Hisham
Fairuzabadi
In Aqidah:
Al-Lalakai
Abu Bakr al-Ajurri
Ibn al-Attar
Al-Miqreezy
In Philosophy:
Abu al-Hasan al-Ash'ari
Abd al-Jabbar ibn Ahmad
In Sufism
Harith al-Muhasibi
Abd al-Karīm ibn Hawāzin Qushayri
Abu Talib al-Makki
Imam al-Haddad
Ahmad Ghazali
Ayn al-Quzat Hamadani
Abu al-Najib Suhrawardi
Shahab al-Din Suhrawardi
Yusuf Hamdani
Ahmed ar-Rifa'i
Najm al-Din Kubra
Shams Tabrizi
Safi-ad-din Ardabili
Kamal Khujandi
Yusuf an-Nabhani
Abd Al-Rahman bin Ahmad al-Zayla'i
Shah Waliullah Dehlawi
In history
Ali ibn al-Athir
Al-Dhahabi
Ibn 'Asakir
Ibn Khallikan
Taqi al-Din al-Nabhani
Statesmen
Saladin
Nizam al-Mulk
Contemporary Shafii scholars
From the Middle East and North Africa:
Ahmed Kuftaro
Ali Gomaa
Habib Umar bin Hafiz
Abdullah al-Harari
Ali al-Jifri
Mohammad Salim Al-Awa
Wahba Zuhayli
Taha Jabir Alalwani
Taha Karaan
From Southeast Asia:
Afifi al-Akiti
Ahmad Syafi'i Maarif
Hasyim Muzadi
Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas
From South Asia:
Muhammad Jifri Muthukkoya Thangal
Sayyid Abdu Rahman Ullal Thangal
K. Ali Kutty Musliyar
Kanniyath Ahmed Musliyar
E. K. Aboobacker Musliyar
Zainuddin Makhdoom II
Kanthapuram A.P Aboobacker Musliyar
Cherussery Zainuddeen Musliyar
See also
Sunni Islam
Hanafi
Maliki
Hanbali
Shia Islam
References
Notes
1."The law provides sanctions for any religious practice other than the Sunni Shafiʽi doctrine of Islam and for prosecution of converts from Islam, and bans proselytizing for any religion except Islam."
Citations
Bibliography
Primary sources
Scholarly sources
Further reading
Yahia, Mohyddin (2009). Shafii et les deux sources de la loi islamique, Turnhout: Brepols Publishers,
Rippin, Andrew (2005). Muslims: Their Religious Beliefs and Practices (3rd ed.). London: Routledge. pp. 90–93. .
Calder, Norman, Jawid Mojaddedi, and Andrew Rippin (2003). Classical Islam: A Sourcebook of Religious Literature. London: Routledge. Section 7.1.
Schacht, Joseph (1950). The Origins of Muhammadan Jurisprudence. Oxford: Oxford University. pp. 16.
Khadduri, Majid (1987). Islamic Jurisprudence: Shafii's Risala. Cambridge: Islamic Texts Society. pp. 286.
Abd Majid, Mahmood (2007). Tajdid Fiqh Al-Imam Al-Syafi'i. Seminar pemikiran Tajdid Imam As Shafie 2007.
al-Shafii, Muhammad b. Idris, "The Book of the Amalgamation of Knowledge" translated by A.Y. Musa in Hadith as Scripture: Discussions on The Authority Of Prophetic Traditions in Islam, New York: Palgrave, 2008
External links
Shafi'iyyah (University of Cumbria)
Madhhab
Sunni Islamic branches
Schools of Sunni jurisprudence
Sunni Islam
Michael Andrew Fisher (born June 5, 1980) is a Canadian-American former professional ice hockey centre who played for the Ottawa Senators and Nashville Predators in the National Hockey League (NHL). They were drafted by the Senators in the second round, 44th overall, in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Junior
Fisher grew up playing hockey in the Peterborough Minor Hockey Association (OMHA) with the rep Minor Petes program. They were drafted from Jr. A Peterborough Petes (OHA) by the Sudbury Wolves in the second round, 22nd overall, in the 1997 OHL Priority Draft. After putting up 49 points in 66 games in their first year with the Wolves, Fisher was drafted in the second round, 44th overall, by the Ottawa Senators in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. Returning to the OHL for one more season, Fisher recorded 106 points, fifth overall in league scoring.
Ottawa Senators
Fisher debuted with the Senators in 1999–2000 and recorded 9 points in an injury-shortened 32-game rookie season. They became known for their aggressive style of play and began to also show their penchant for offensive production as they improved to 18 goals and 38 points in their fourth season in 2002–03.
During the lock-out year of 2004–05, Fisher played overseas for EV Zug in the Swiss Nationalliga A. As NHL play resumed the next season, in 2005–06, Fisher emerged with 22 goals and 44 points, providing valuable secondary scoring for the Spezza-Heatley-Alfredsson line. They helped the Senators to a first seed in the Eastern Conference going into the playoffs, but they were defeated by the fourth-seeded division rivals Buffalo Sabres in five games in the second round. With a career-high plus-minus (+/-) rating of +23 in the regular season, Fisher was nominated for the Frank J. Selke Trophy as the best defensive forward. They finished as second runner-up behind Jere Lehtinen of the Dallas Stars and trophy-winner Rod Brind'Amour, captain of the Stanley Cup champion Carolina Hurricanes.
The following season, Fisher duplicated their previous campaign's goals total with 22 and improved to a personal best 26 assists and 48 points. They were kept to 68 games due to a left knee injury, sustained on December 27, 2006, against the New York Islanders, forcing them to sit out four weeks. In the playoffs, Fisher helped the Senators to the 2007 Stanley Cup Finals, where they fell short to the Anaheim Ducks in five games. Fisher posted career playoff highs with 5 goals, 5 assists and 10 points in 20 games.
With one year left on their contract heading into the 2007–08 season, Fisher re-signed with the Senators to a five-year, $21 million contract extension. They went on to set a career-high 23 goals that season. However, Fisher was forced to miss the playoffs, injuring their left knee in a knee-on-knee hit from Toronto Maple Leafs forward Mark Bell in the final game of the regular season.
A month and a half into the 2008–09 season, Fisher suffered another knee injury, straining a ligament in their right knee against the New York Islanders on November 17, 2008.
Nashville Predators
On February 10, 2011, Fisher was traded to the Nashville Predators in exchange for the Predators' 2011 first round draft pick (Stefan Noesen) and a conditional pick in 2012 (Jarrod Maidens). The condition was that should the Predators win a playoff series, the Senators would receive a third-round pick, and a second round pick if the Predators won two or more playoff series. The Predators won their first round playoff but ultimately lost their second round series, to the Vancouver Canucks, meaning the Senators received a third-round pick. According to Fisher, although there were many trade deals for him, Ottawa GM Bryan Murray and Ottawa owner Eugene Melnyk had chosen to accept Nashville's offer so that Fisher could be closer to their wife, country singer Carrie Underwood.
Fisher played their first game with the Predators on February 12, 2011, and scored an assist in a 5–3 win over the Colorado Avalanche. They scored their first goal as a Predator five days later, on February 17, against the Vancouver Canucks.
Fisher was the winner of the 2012 NHL Foundation Player Award, awarded to the NHL player who applies the core values of hockey – commitment, perseverance and teamwork – to enrich the lives of people in their community.
On June 26, 2015, just prior to becoming an unrestricted free agent on July 1, Fisher signed a two-year, $8.8 million contract extension with the Predators, paying $4.8 million in 2015–16 and $4 million in 2016–17.
On May 5, 2016, they scored with 8:48 left in triple overtime in game four of the Western Conference Semi-finals to beat the San Jose Sharks 4–3, tying the series at two games apiece.
On September 7, 2016, Fisher was named the sixth captain of the Predators after previous captain Shea Weber was traded to the Montreal Canadiens for defenseman P. K. Subban. They led the Predators to the 2017 Stanley Cup Finals eventually losing to the Pittsburgh Penguins in six games. On August 3, 2017, Fisher announced their retirement from the NHL via a letter addressed to Predators fans in that day's edition of The Tennessean, becoming the first Predators captain to retire with the team.
On January 31, 2018, Fisher announced that they intended to end their retirement to help the Predators make another Stanley Cup run. Fisher said that they would practice with the Predators and eventually sign a contract before the trade deadline of February 26, 2018. On February 26, 2018, Fisher signed a one-year contract with the Predators.
Fisher retired for a second time on May 12, 2018, a few days after the Predators were eliminated in the second round of the playoffs by the Winnipeg Jets.
Personal life
Fisher was born and raised in Peterborough, Ontario, to parents Jim and Karen and is a devout Christian. They have two brothers (Rob and Gregory, aka "Bud") and one sister (Meredith). Fisher's uncle is David Fisher, a former chaplain to the Toronto Blue Jays baseball club. Fisher's brother Gregory is also a hockey player; they are a goaltender who played for Quinnipiac University in the ECAC. On October 23, 2009, Gregory replaced the Senators' then-starting goaltender Pascal Leclaire in net during a Senators' practice after Leclaire fell ill.
In the off-season, Fisher devotes time to hockey camps in their hometown in Peterborough, Kingston and Ottawa through Hockey Ministries International. Fisher has also been a guest instructor at the Roger Neilson Hockey Camp.
Fisher is married to American singer Carrie Underwood. They met backstage after one of Underwood's concerts in 2008. The couple became engaged on December 20, 2009. On July 10, 2010, Fisher married Underwood at The Ritz-Carlton Lodge, Reynolds Plantation, in Greensboro, Georgia, with more than 250 people in attendance. Underwood surprised Fisher by having one of their favorite artists, Brandon Heath, sing their song "Love Never Fails" for their first dance. It was announced on September 1, 2014, that Fisher and Underwood were expecting their first child together. In February 2015, Underwood gave birth to their first child, a son. In January 2019, they gave birth to their second son.
On March 21, 2019, Fisher became a United States citizen.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1980 births
Canadian Christians
Canadian emigrants to the United States
Canadian ice hockey centres
Ice hockey people from Ontario
Living people
Nashville Predators players
Ottawa Senators draft picks
Ottawa Senators players
People with acquired American citizenship
Sportspeople from Peterborough, Ontario
Sudbury Wolves players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Almaleea is a genus of perennial shrubs from the legume family Fabaceae native to Australia.
Species
Almaleea comprises the following species:
Almaleea cambagei (Maiden & Betche) Crisp & P.H. Weston
Almaleea capitata (J.H.Willis) Crisp & P.H.Weston
Almaleea incurvata (A.Cunn.) Crisp & P.H.Weston
Almaleea paludosa (J.Thompson) Crisp & P.H.Weston
Almaleea subumbellata (Hook.) Crisp & P.H.Weston
References
Mirbelioids
Fabales of Australia
Taxa named by Michael Crisp
Fabaceae genera
Assassin Mountain is an accessory for the second edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, published in 1993.
Contents
Assassin Mountain contains three adventures (for levels 5-9) featuring the dreaded holy slayers (assassins) of Zakhara, first in a simple robbery; then when the player characters assault the slayers' impregnable mountain fortress, Sarahin (and wind up in its nightmarish Pit of a Thousand Voices); and in a sequel nine-day murder mystery set in Sarahin, where the PCs must discover who killed the slayers' leader, the Old Man of the Mountain.
Publication history
Assassin Mountain was designed by Wolfgang Baur.
Reception
Allen Varney reviewed Assassin Mountain for Dragon magazine #219 (July 1995). They called the sourcebox "inventive", noting that Baur was involved in many Al-Qadim supplements, and that Secrets of the Lamp was much more characteristic of their work than Assassin Mountain. Varney states in their conclusion of the review: "The approach in Assassin Mountain is unique in the Al-Qadim line. Eschewing a barrage of colorful magic, Baur develops a claustrophobic atmosphere of paranoia and intrigue. Character interactions drive the plot, and the occasional fire elementals and gibbering mouther are tools to develop the narrative. These morally ambiguous adventures, modern takes on classic Arabian settings, require and reward good role-playing. Several scenes here will put role-players through the wringer, and they'll love it. But the plots also assume highly pragmatic PCs. If you or your group wouldn't feel comfortable allying with assassins, steer clear. I have trouble with this idea myself, and though Assassin Mountain is an accomplished work, it's not what I think of as the stuff of Arabian adventure."
Reviews
White Wolf #43
References
Al-Qadim
Walter Gilbert Dinsdale, PC, DFC (April 3, 1916 – November 20, 1982) was a Canadian politician, known for their works with people with disabilities, who served as a Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament from 1951 until their death.
Early life
Born in Brandon, Manitoba, to Minnie (née Lang) and George Dinsdale, they graduated from Brandon College and received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1937 from McMaster University. They received a Master of Arts degree from the University of Toronto in 1951.
Career
Prior to entering politics, Dinsdale was a social worker with the Salvation Army, and from 1946 to 1951 served as the director of adult education and assistant professor of social services at Brandon College.
Dinsdale enlisted in the Royal Canadian Air Force on 21 November 1941, to fight in the Second World War. They trained at CFB Borden in Belleville and at No. 2 Service Flying Training School in Ottawa, graduating in 1942. They arrived in Europe on 29 December 1942 and ended their military career in 1945 at the end of the Second World War.
They were awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross during World War II for their service as a de Havilland Mosquito night-fighter pilot with the Royal Canadian Air Force, having destroyed four enemy aircraft, including the first Mistel composite "piggyback" aircraft. They also downed V-1 flying bombs, using the wing-tip of the de Havilland Mosquito to knock them off-course.
Political career
Dinsdale was a Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) from 1951 until their death in 1982, being first elected in a 1951 by-election with an upset victory to take a seat previously held by the Liberals.
Dinsdale was originally hesitant about running in the by-election, and was fired by Brandon College soon after their nomination. Dinsdale won 56.9% of the vote in that by-election.
During their tenure in the House of Commons of Canada, they represented the riding of Brandon for one year in 1951 until it was merged with the neighbouring riding of Souris to form Brandon—Souris. They held Brandon-Souris from 1952 until their death in 1982, winning 11 consecutive election victories. At the time of their death they were the Dean of the House - the longest-serving Member of Parliament.
During their period as MP, they were the parliamentary assistant to the Minister of Veterans Affairs in 1957, and parliamentary secretary to the same minister in 1960. They then joined the Cabinet of John Diefenbaker as Minister of Northern Affairs and National Resources from 1960 to 1963. They were also acting Minister of Mines and Technical Surveys for a few months in 1961.
In 1963, while serving as Minister of Northern Affairs and National Resources they chaired the "Resources for Tomorrow" conference, which led to the establishment of a Department of the Environment. Dinsdale worked tirelessly for many causes, including First Nations, international human rights, immigrant Canadians and most notably disabled persons. They were vice-chair of the Special Committee on the Disabled, whose work led to many improvements in services for disabled Canadians, and worked with many international governments and organizations to improve the lives of the disabled everywhere, and in 1981 was Canada's delegate to the United Nations for the International Year of Disabled Persons.
Honours
The Walter Dinsdale Award, which recognizes outstanding achievement in developing technologies that improve the lives of the disabled, is named in their honour.
Dinsdale was awarded a Doctor of Laws degree by Brandon University and a Doctor of Humanities degree from Richmond College in Toronto for their works with disabled people.
Death
They died from kidney failure in 1982, after suffering a stroke about two months before their death.  They are buried in Brandon. Following their death, they were eulogized in the House of Commons of Canada, following which the house was adjourned for the day in tribute.
Family
Walter married Lenore Gusdal, and had 5 children: Gunnar, Greg, Elizabeth, Eric and Rolf. Their son Rolf ran as a Liberal Party of Canada candidate in a federal by-election in Brandon—Souris in 2013, losing narrowly to Larry Maguire.
Electoral record
Note: This list is incomplete.
Archives
There is a Walter Gilbert Dinsdale fonds at Library and Archives Canada.
References
External links
1916 births
1982 deaths
Brandon University alumni
McMaster University alumni
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Manitoba
Members of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada
Politicians from Brandon, Manitoba
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada MPs
University of Toronto alumni
Carter Franklin Bales (1938-2019) was an American investor, asset manager, environmentalist, conservationist, philanthropist, and informal public servant.
Bales co-founded NewWorld Capital Group, LLC, an environmental sector private investment firm, based in New York City and currently serves as the Chairman and Managing Partner.
Early life and education
Bales graduated from Princeton University with a BA in Economics in 1960 and earned an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1965. They worked as a systems engineer at IBM in the early 1960s and served as Systems Design Chief for the First U.S. Army at Governors Island.
Consulting career
Bales joined McKinsey & Company as a management consultant in 1965 and was elected a principal in 1969. From 1978 to 1998, they were a Director of McKinsey & Company. They founded McKinsey's practices in environmental management, information industries, state and local government, and media and communications, and also led the Firm's information technology practice. They served in McKinsey's Board of Directors for seven years and, early in that period, led a project to redefine the Firm's strategy.
Bales retired from McKinsey in 1998 but continued as an Emeritus Director and Senior Advisor to McKinsey on environmental and sustainability matters for many years.
Bales played the lead role in developing an approach to "issue mapping" in order to advise New York Mayor Lindsay's Policy Planning Council on cost-effective strategies for addressing complex urban problems. Its first application was an analysis of Local Law 14 which addressed the choice of allowing apartment houses to incinerate their refuse vs. the option of compacting refuse or hauling raw refuse by the City's Sanitation Department. Bales then played a lead role in forming and staffing an expanded program planning staff and a separate project management staff in City government to help ensure successful analysis and implementation of Mayoral policy decisions.
Bales, along with P.C. Chatterjee, Donald Gogel, and Anupam Puri, developed the concept of a “business system” and competitive cost analysis, which was introduced in a McKinsey Staff Paper and subsequently in several articles in The McKinsey Quarterly. A business system consists of the various elements of the system of activities that a company employs to make and deliver products or services to a target market. At each stage of the system, the company has a range of choices for performing the activities and balancing the overall system to deliver the product or service most cost-effectively. Competitive cost analysis allows a company to benchmark its activities against selected competitors in a target market.
Business career
Carter Bales co-founded The Wicks Group of Companies, L.L.C. in 1989, a private equity firm focused of the U.S. information, education and media industries. They served as a Managing Partner of the Firm until assuming the Emeritus title in late 2006.
Bales then co-founded NewWorld Capital Group, L.L.C. in June 2009, a private investment firm focused on the environmental opportunities sector in the middle market in the United States and Canada, with special focus on energy efficiency, clean energy, water resources and reclamation, waste-to-value, and environmental products and services.
Public service career
Early in their career, Bales served as Assistant Budget Director (Acting) for The City of New York, where they led the development of New York City's air pollution, solid waste management, and water supply programs, as well as developing the City's program planning and budgeting (PPBS) system, following on a period consulting to the Office of the Secretary of Defense on the nation's Five-Year Force Strategy and Financial Plan. Bales also played a leadership role in New York City's housing policy and its school decentralization program at that time.
A Democrat, Bales was the candidate to the U.S. House of Representatives from New York's 3rd congressional district in 1972, but lost the general election in the Nixon Landslide.
Philanthropy and environmentalism
Bale has been active in environmental matters for more than 40 years. In 2007, they worked with McKinsey to prepare the landmark report entitled, Reducing U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emissions: How Much at What Cost? In 2008 and 2009, they worked with Project Catalyst and other initiatives in support of the UNFCCC process in framing the economics of environmental improvement strategies in the United States and elsewhere.
Bale serves on the boards of a number of environmental organizations, including The North Shore Land Alliance (where they are the Founding Chair), The Grand Canyon Trust (where they were formerly Vice Chair), the Adirondack Nature Conservancy, The Center for Market Innovation at the Natural Resources Defense Council, and the Advisory Council to Resources for the Future.
Previously, Bales was Vice Chairman and Chairman of the International Committee of the Board of Governors of The Nature Conservancy and Chairman of the Board of Trustees of The Nature Conservancy of New York.
In past years, Bales was Vice Chairman of the New York State Foundation for Science, Technology and Innovation (before it merged into the NYS Department of Economic Development), a Trustee and Special Advisor to the Echoing Green Foundation, Chairman of the Leadership Council of The Clean Economy Network, President of Cancer Research Institute, a trustee of Union Theological Seminary, and a trustee of the Episcopal School in the City of New York.
Bales received an Honorary Doctorate in Humane Letters from Skidmore College in 2009 for their environmental leadership.
Bales is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Bale has published a number of articles and is a frequent speaker on environmental matters. Their article, “Containing Climate Change” (co-authored with Rick Duke), appeared in Foreign Affairs (September–October 2008).
Personal life
Carter F. Bales was married to Suzanne F. Bales (deceased). They were an author and lecturer on gardening. The couple have four children. They lived in Centre Island, New York.
References
External links
newworldcapital.net
Profile at SourceWatch
1938 births
2019 deaths
McKinsey & Company people
American corporate directors
Harvard Business School alumni
is a station on the Tama Toshi Monorail Line in Tachikawa, Tokyo, Japan.
Lines
Shibasaki-Taiikukan Station is a station on the Tama Toshi Monorail Line and is located 6.5 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kamikitadai Station.
Station layout
Shibasaki-Taiikukan Station is a raised station with two tracks and two opposed side platforms, with the station building located underneath. It is a standardized station building for this monorail line.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on January 10, 2000.
Surrounding area
The station is above Tokyo Metropolitan Route 149. Tachikawa Municipal Shibasaki Gymnasium is nearby, as is the Tama River.
References
External links
Tama Monorail Shibasaki-Taiikukan Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 2000
Railway stations in Tokyo
Tama Toshi Monorail
Tachikawa, Tokyo
Thomas Worsdell may refer to:
Thomas Clarke Worsdell (1788–1862), coachbuilder
Thomas William Worsdell (1838–1916), engineer and grandson of Thomas C. Worsdell
M. Maryan was the pseudonym used by Marie Rosalie Virginie Cadiou (1847-1927), a French novelist born in Brest who worked in Paris. They were a prolific author who wrote for young female readers.
Cadiou published their entire catalog of literary work under the pseudonym M. Maryan, which in English means "Mr. Maryan." The name was created early in their career by a random printing error of the first name of their maternal grandmother, Mary-Ann Kirkland, which was the pen name the young author had intended to use. Some of their work can now be found under their married name, Marie Deschard or Descard.
Personal life
Cadiou (born 21 December 1847) was the daughter of a captain and mayor of Guipavas, niece of Admiral Thomas Louis, and sister of the writer Paul Cadiou. From their marriage to Charles-Albert Deschard (1836-1919) who was Commissioner General of the Navy, they had six children: Albert (Chief Commissioner of the Navy), Marthe, Marie (wife of Rear Admiral René Nielly), Paul (a battalion commander), André and Pierre.
Cadiou developed many charitable activities in their birthplace, Brest. While in Paris, they worked intensely at their writing, sometimes producing four novels a year, most intended for young girls.
They died 28 January 1927 in Brest at the age of 80.
Publications
Cadiou was a frequent contributor to the Journal des Demoiselles, a Paris periodical for affluent girls aged 14 to 18, which devoted a portion of its editions to education and science as well as literature, fashion and theater. During their lifetime, their work was reproduced in many newspapers and translated into different languages. Some of their writings can be found under their other names: Maryan-M, or Marie Deschard.
Cadiou produced more than 100 known titles including both fiction and nonfiction and numerous title and editions are still in print, as of 2020.
Selected works of fiction
Father's fault ("La faute du père"). Benziger, Einsiedeln 1926
The heritage of Montligné ("La fortune des Montligné"). Benziger, Einsiedeln 1885
Guénola. Narrative from Brittany ("Guénola"). Benziger, Einsiedeln 1913
The home of the bachelor. Benziger, Einsiedeln 1889
Hotel St. Francis. Novelle ("L'hôtel Saint François"). Schöningh, Paderborn 1891
Marcia de Laubly. Novella ("Marcia de Laubly"). Pustet, Regensburg 1915
Paula's heritage ("L'heritage de Paule"). Benziger, Einsiedeln 1891
The dark side of a rich dowry. Benziger, Einsiedeln 1885
Selected works of nonfiction
Feminism of all times ("Le feminisme de tous les temps.") Bloud & Barral, Paris 1900 (written with Gabrielle Béal)
Background: know-how for young girls. ("Le fond et la forms. La savoir-vivre pour les jeune filles.") Bloud & Barral, Paris 1896
Honors
Based on their work, they were given a distinguished title of Laureate by the Académie française even though they considered themselves "lacking in literary ambition."
References
External links
IdRef (in French)
Catalog BnF (in French)
Worldcat.org: https://worldcat.org/identities/lccn-nr2005004982/
1847 births
1927 deaths
Writers from Brest, France
French women novelists
20th-century French women writers
20th-century French novelists
French romantic fiction writers
19th-century French women writers
Pseudonymous women writers
19th-century pseudonymous writers
20th-century pseudonymous writers
Nina Gennadyevna Vislova (; born 4 October 1986) is a badminton player from Russia. Along with their doubles partner Valeria Sorokina, Vislova is the first Russian Olympic medalist in badminton.
Career
Vislova won four medals at the European Junior Badminton Championships: two gold medals in women's doubles (2003 and 2005), a silver medal in mixed doubles (2003), and a bronze medal also in mixed doubles (2005). Nina also won at the 2006 U.S. Open Badminton Championships in the women's and mixed doubles event. They won the gold medal at the 2010 European Badminton Championships and bronze medals in 2008 and 2012 in women's doubles with Valeria Sorokina. In Russia, their home country, they have won eight national titles as of 2014.
They played in women's doubles discipline at the 2012 Summer Olympics with Valeria Sorokina and finished in third place after winning bronze medal match against Canadian women's doubles players, Alex Bruce and Michelle Li with 21-9, 21-10.
Achievements
Olympic Games
Women's doubles
European Championships
Women's doubles
Summer Universiade
Mixed doubles
European Junior Championships
Girls' doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix
The BWF Grand Prix has two levels, the Grand Prix and Grand Prix Gold. It is a series of badminton tournaments sanctioned by the Badminton World Federation (BWF) since 2007. The World Badminton Grand Prix sanctioned by International Badminton Federation since 1983.
Women's singles
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF Grand Prix Gold tournament
BWF Grand Prix tournament
BWF International Challenge/Series
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
Living people
1986 births
Badminton players from Moscow
Russian female badminton players
Badminton players at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic badminton players of Russia
Olympic bronze medalists for Russia
Olympic medalists in badminton
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Badminton players at the 2015 European Games
European Games competitors for Russia
Universiade medalists in badminton
Universiade bronze medalists for Russia
Medalists at the 2013 Summer Universiade
Start.ca Rocks the Park, formerly known as Hawk Rocks the Park, is an annual music concert held at Harris Park in London, Ontario, Canada. From 2004 to 2008, it was primarily a classic rock concert sponsored by radio station 103.9 The Hawk. In 2010, the three-day concert was sponsored by three radio stations: 98.1 Free FM, FM96, and country music station BX93.
For the first 12 years, the purpose of the event was to raise money for Bethany's Hope Foundation for MLD Research, which raised over $2.2 million.
Since 2016, Rock the Park has teamed up with the following charities: Big Brothers Big Sisters of London and Area, Make-A-Wish Southwestern Ontario and Children's Health Foundation, while also supporting Western Mustangs Football.
In 2019, they rebranded the name to Start.ca Rocks the Park with their partnership with Start.ca
Rock the Park I
The first Rock the Park was held July 22–24 in 2004. Its main function was to raise money for Bethany's Hope Foundation and it raised more than $110,000. It featured several musical groups:
Thursday, July 22
Blood, Sweat & Tears
Randy Bachman
Lighthouse
Voodoo Lounge
Friday, July 23
Alice Cooper
Foghat
Edgar Winter
Helix
Saturday, July 24
Steppenwolf
April Wine
Honeymoon Suite
Goddo
Hawk Rocks the Park... Again
The second edition of Rock the Park was held over four days during July 21–24, 2005. Due to the success of the first concert, this second one was expanded to four days, during which over 40,000 Rock fans attended. It featured:
Thursday, July 21
ZZ Top
Randy Bachman
Brian Howe
Trooper
Jimmy Bowskillz Band
Friday, July 22
Lou Gramm (Former singer of Foreigner)
April Wine
Sass Jordan
Chilliwack
Saturday, July 23
REO Speedwagon
Glass Tiger
The Box
Superfreak
Sunday, July 24
George Thorogood & The Destroyers
David Wilcox
Thundermug (Playing in their last concert for a long time)
Rock the Park III
Held July 20–22, 2006, the groups that took part were:
Thursday, July 20
Peter Frampton
Eddie Money
Loverboy
Ray Lyell & The Storm
Friday, July 21
Styx
Kim Mitchell
April Wine
Saga
Saturday, July 22
Alice Cooper
Vince Neil (of Mötley Crüe)
Quiet Riot
Helix
Rock the Park III managed to raise $180,021 for the Bethany's Hope Foundation.
Hawk Rocks the Park: Back 4 More
Rock the Park IV was run July 26–28, 2007.
Thursday, July 26
Deep Purple
Ted Nugent
Nazareth
Honeymoon Suite
Friday, July 27
Pat Benatar & Neil Giraldo
Cheap Trick
Rik Emmett (of Triumph)
Trooper
Saturday, July 28
George Thorogood & The Destroyers
Creedence Clearwater Revisited
David Wilcox
Rick Derringer
One of the announced bands was supposed to be Boston. The announcement was postponed after the death of Brad Delp. Subsequently, all of Boston's plans for touring, including Hawk Rocks the Park, were cancelled.
Hawk Rocks the Park 5
Rock the Park 5 ran from July 23 to July 26, 2008.
Wednesday, July 23
Ted Nugent
Great White
Diamond Dust (Winner of Rockstar Fantasy)
Thursday, July 24
Sammy Hagar
Joan Jett & The Blackhearts
Skid Row
Lee Aaron
Friday July 25
Steve Winwood
Tom Cochrane
Sweet
Pat Travers
Saturday July 26
Randy Bachman and Burton Cummings
Mark Farner (of Grand Funk Railroad)
April Wine
Streetheart
Rock the Park 2009
Rock the Park 2009 was held July 23–25, 2009. This marked the first time Rock the Park was not fully put on by The Hawk. Instead it was put on by two other major London radio stations as well. July 23 was presented by FM96, July 24 by BX93, and July 25 by The Hawk.
Thursday, July 23
The Tragically Hip
Kathleen Edwards
Arkells
The Spades
Friday, July 24
Big & Rich
Cowboy Troy
Aaron Pritchett
Shane Yellowbird
Saturday, July 25
The Doobie Brothers
Creedence Clearwater Revisited
Dennis DeYoung (Former singer of Styx)
Lighthouse
Rock the Park 2010
Rock the Park 2010 was held from July 22–24, 2010. It was presented by Bob FM. Approximately $1 million was raised for the Bethany's Hope Foundation.
Thursday, July 22
3 Doors Down
Collective Soul
Thornley
Crash Karma
Friday, July 23
Alice Cooper
Peter Frampton
Night Ranger
Alannah Myles
Saturday, July 24
Lynyrd Skynyrd
Heart
April Wine
Mitch Ryder & The Detroit Wheels
Rock the Park 2011
The 2011 edition of Rock the Park took place over three days in July 2011. That year's sponsors included FM 96, 103.1 Fresh FM, 103.9 Greatest Hits FM and AM980, among others.
Thursday, July 21
Poison
John Kay & Steppenwolf
Trooper
Loverboy
Friday, July 22
Meat Loaf
Cheap Trick
Blue Öyster Cult
Brian Howe (Singer of Bad Company)
Saturday, July 23
Stone Temple Pilots
Our Lady Peace
Sloan
Bleeker Ridge
Rock the Park 2012
Thursday July 26, 2012 (Modern Rock Night)
Slash w/ Myles Kennedy
Bush
I Mother Earth
Monster Truck
Friday July 27, 2012 (Classic Rock Night 1)
The Steve Miller Band
George Thorogood
David Wilcox
The Romantics
Saturday July 28, 2012 (Classic Rock Night 2)
Boston
REO Speedwagon
54-40
Prism
Rock the Park 2013, 10th Anniversary
Thursday July 25, 2013 (Modern Rock Night)
The Tragically Hip
The Trews
The Rural Alberta Advantage
Greg Ball and The Dry County Rebels
Friday July 26, 2013 (Classic Rock Night 1)
Journey
Whitesnake
Platinum Blonde
Helix
Saturday July 27, 2013 (Classic Rock Night 2)
Styx
Toto
Grand Funk Railroad
Saga
Coney Hatch
Rock the Park 2014
Rock the Park XI took place July 24–26, 2014. A new event, the Gone Country Music Festival, sponsored by radio station BX93, was held at Harris Park on Wednesday, July 23, 2014.
Wednesday July 23, 2014 – Gone Country Music Festival
Darius Rucker
Dean Brody
Eli Young Band
Tim Hicks
Thursday July 24, 2014
Weezer
Tegan & Sara
Matthew Good
July Talk
Friday July 25, 2014
Sammy Hagar & Friends
Extreme
Tom Keifer of Cinderella
Winger
Survivor
Saturday July 26, 2014
Burton Cummings
Huey Lewis and the News
38 Special
Headpins
FREE FM Under the Covers Winner
Rock the Park 2015
Rock the Park XII took place July 14–18, 2015.
Tuesday, July 14, 2015
Train
Gin Blossoms
Fastball
The Rembrandts
Matt Nathanson
Wednesday, July 15, 2015 – Gone Country
Keith Urban
Dallas Smith
Jess Moskaluke
Maddie and Tae
Thursday, July 16, 2015 – Gone Country
Lee Brice
Thomas Rhett
Joe Nichols
Chad Brownlee
Friday, July 17, 2015
Arkells
Mother Mother
Tokyo Police Club
Brave Shores
Born Ruffians
Young Empires
Saturday, July 18, 2015
Billy Talent
Rise Against
Killswitch Engage
Gaslight Anthem
Heart Attack Kids
Rock the Park 2016
Rock the Park 2016 took place July 13–16, 2016
Wednesday, July 13, 2016 – Gone Country
Jake Owen
Dallas Smith
High Valley
Old Dominion
Thursday, July 14, 2016 – Gone Country
Brad Paisley
Tim Hicks
Autumn Hill
River Town Saints
Friday, July 15, 2016
Flo Rida
Nelly
Classified
Ria Mae
Saturday, July 16, 2016
City and Colour
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros
Awolnation
The Zolas
Ivory Hours
Rock the Park 2017
Rock the Park 2017 took place July 12–16, 2017. On April 10, 2017, it was announced that another night, Sunday, July 16, was added to the festival.
Wednesday, July 12, 2017 – BX93's Gone Country Presents:
Lady Antebellum
Kelsea Ballerini
Brett Young
Jason Benoit
Thursday, July 13, 2017 – Virgin Radio Presents:
Wiz Khalifa
Fetty Wap ft. Monty
DJ Mustard
Casper the Ghost
Friday, July 14, 2017 – Virgin Radio Presents: I Love the '90s Tour
Vanilla Ice
Salt-N-Pepa
Naughty by Nature
Rob Base
All-4-One
Color Me Badd
Young MC
C+C Music Factory
Saturday, July 15, 2017 – FM96 Presents:
The Offspring
Sublime with Rome
July Talk
Bleeker
Sunday, July 16, 2017 – Virgin Radio Presents:
Marianas Trench
Alessia Cara
Scott Helman
Ruth B
Ryland James
Rock the Park 2018
Rock the Park 2018 takes place July 11–14, 2018.
Wednesday, July 11, 2018 – FM96 Presents:
Shinedown
Chevelle
Machine Gun Kelly
The Lazys
Bobnoxious
Thursday, July 12, 2018:
Cyndi Lauper
Bret Michaels
Howard Jones
Kim Mitchell
Richard Page of Mr. Mister
Platinum Blonde
A Flock of Seagulls
Friday, July 13, 2018 – Virgin Radio Presents:
Boyz II Men
En Vogue
Naughty by Nature
Coolio
Montell Jordan
Sisqó
Saturday, July 14, 2018 – FM96 Presents:
Rise Against
Three Days Grace
Theory
Pop Evil
Texas King
Start.ca Rocks the Park 2019
Start.ca Rocks the Park 2019 took place July 10–13, 2019.
Wednesday, July 10, 2019 – Pure Country 93 Presents:
Old Dominion
James Barker Band
David Lee Murphy
Russell Dickerson
Tenille Townes
Jade Eagleson
Thursday, July 11, 2019 – FM96 Presents:
Five Finger Death Punch
In This Moment
Killswitch Engage
I Prevail
Pop Evil
Friday, July 12, 2019: 97.5 Virgin Radio Presents:
Snoop Dogg
Shaggy
Ma$e
Ginuwine
Tone Loc
Saturday, July 13, 2019: 97.5 Virgin Radio Presents:
On Monday July 8, 2019, due to travel situations, the set order was changed. As a result, the headline act, Pitbull, opened the show, followed by T-Pain and finally Flo Rida.
Pitbull
Flo Rida
T-Pain
Start.ca Rocks the Park 2020
Start.ca Rocks the Park 2020 was to have taken place July 15–18, 2020.
On April 27, 2020, festival organizers announced that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the festival had been postponed for one year until 2021. Due to scheduling conflicts, various artists could not be reconfirmed for two of the postponed dates. As a result, the artists who were to perform on Wednesday, July 15, 2020, and Saturday, July 18th, 2020 had been cancelled.
Wednesday, July 15, 2020 – FM96 and 103.1 Fresh FM Present: CANCELLED
Jack Johnson
Vance Joy
TBA
Andy Shauf
Thursday, July 16, 2020 – FM96 Presents: POSTPONED To Thursday July 15, 2021
Blink-182
Simple Plan
grandson
Friday, July 17, 2020: 97.5 Virgin Radio Presents: POSTPONED To Friday July 16, 2021
TLC
Nelly
Arrested Development
Jenny Berggren of Ace of Base
112
2 Live Crew
Saturday, July 18, 2020 Pure Country 93 Presents: CANCELLED
Dallas Smith
Billy Currington
Travis Tritt
Blanco Brown
Start.ca Rocks the Park 2021
Start.ca Rocks the Park 2021 was to have taken place July 14–17, 2021.
On May 17, 2021, festival organizers announced that due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the festival once again had been postponed for another year until 2022. The organizers said that they were working with the artists to play on the rescheduled dates.
Wednesday, July 14, 2021:
TBA
Thursday, July 15, 2021 – FM96 Presents: POSTPONED To Thursday July 14, 2022
Blink-182
Simple Plan
Friday, July 16, 2021: 97.5 Virgin Radio Presents: POSTPONED To Friday July 15, 2022
On April 27, 2020, Aqua was added to the line up.
TLC
Nelly
Aqua
Jenny Berggren of Ace of Base
2 Live Crew
Arrested Development
Saturday, July 17, 2021:
TBA
Start.ca Rocks the Park 2022
Start.ca Rocks the Park 2022 takes place July 13–17, 2022.
Wednesday, July 13, 2022 – FM96 & fresh103.1 Present:
Alanis Morissette
Garbage
The Beaches
Crash Test Dummies
Thursday, July 14, 2022 – FM96 Presents:
The Glorious Sons
July Talk
Big Wreck
The Trews
Conor Gains
Friday, July 15, 2022 – 97.5 Virgin Radio Presents:
TLC
Aqua
Ja Rule
DMC (of Run-DMC) and the Hellraisers
Jenny Berggren of Ace of Base
112
2 Live Crew
Saturday, July 16, 2022 – FizzFest:
Virginia to Vegas
Kiesza
Alyssa Reid
Rêve (singer)
Sunday, July 17, 2022 – Pure Country 93 Presents:
Dierks Bentley
Ashley McBryde
The Reklaws
Breland
References
External links
Bethany's Hope Foundation website
Festivals in London, Ontario
Rock festivals in Canada
Music festivals in Ontario
Music festivals established in 2004
2004 establishments in Ontario
Annual events in Ontario
Richard Beckhard (1918–1999) was an American organizational theorist, adjunct professor at MIT, and pioneer in the field of organization development.
Beckhard co-launched the Addison-Wesley Organization Development Series and began the Organization Development Network in 1967. Their classic work, Organization Development: Strategies and Models, was published in 1969. Beckhard was an adjunct professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management from 1963-1984. They died on December 28, 1999.
They helped to define organization development as: "an effort (1) planned, (2) organization-wide, (3) managed from the top, to (4) increase organization effectiveness and health through (5) planned interventions in the organization's 'processes', using behavioural-science knowledge". Together with David Gleicher, they are credited with developing a Formula for Change. The formula proposes that the combination of organisational dissatisfaction, vision for the future and the possibility of immediate, tactical action must be stronger than the resistance within the organisation in order for meaningful change to occur.
Beckhard is also credited for developing the GRPI model of team effectiveness, which highlights four key conditions (Goals, Roles, Processes, Interpersonal) for teams to succeed.
Another area of Beckhard's work was concerned with change and continuity within family-owned businesses.
Selected publications
Books, a selection
Beckhard, Richard. "Organization development: Strategies and models." (1969).
Beckhard, Richard, and Reuben T. Harris. Organizational transitions: Managing complex change. Reading, MA: Addison-Wesley, 1977.
Beckhard, Richard, and Wendy Pritchard. Changing the essence: The art of creating and leading fundamental change in organizations. Vol. 10. San Francisco: Jossey-Bass, 1992.
Hesselbein, Frances, Marshall Goldsmith, and Richard Beckhard. The leader of the future. Jossey Bass, 1996.
Louis L. Carter, Marshall Goldsmith, Jay Conger, and Richard Beckhard. Best Practices in Organization & Human Resources Development Handbook, Linkage Press, 2000.
Articles, a selection
Beckhard, Richard, and Gibb Dyer Jr. "Managing continuity in the family-owned business." Organizational Dynamics 12.1 (1983): 5-12.
References
1918 births
1999 deaths
American business theorists
MIT Sloan School of Management faculty
20th-century economists
American sociologists
Richard Vernon Moore Sr. (November 20, 1906 – January 2, 1994) was an American educator, who served as the third president of Bethune-Cookman College in Daytona Beach, Florida (1947–75).
Moore was born on November 20, 1906 in Quincy, Florida. They attended elementary and junior schools in Quincy before receiving their high school training at Georgia Normal and Agricultural College. In 1932 they graduated with a Bachelor of Arts from Knoxville College, Tennessee. They went on to a Masters from Atlanta University in 1944. Moore commenced their career as an instructor of Social Studies and Coach of Athletics at Pinellas High School in Clearwater, Florida (1932–34), after which they were appointed the principal of Union Academy in Tarpon Springs, Florida (1934–37), then principal of Booker T. Washington High School in Pensacola, Florida (1944–45) and Florida's first African-American Supervisor of Secondary Schools for Negros.
Moore was appointed president of Bethune-Cookman in 1947. On June 30, 1975 Moore retired as president of the college, during their 28-year tenure, the college grew from 400 to 1,200 students (whilst maintaining an 18:1 faculty student ratio), tripled the number of buildings to 25 (with the construction of the Heyn Chapel (1961), Helen Kottle Memorial Classroom building (1964), Lefevre Residence Hall (1966), Charles Parlin Student Center (1966), Swisher Library (1970), and Ja-Flo Davis Residence Hall (1972), increased its endowment by $800,000, was accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools in 1970, and joined the United Negro College Fund.
Moore was awarded honorary doctoral degrees from fourteen different universities, including Edward Waters College (1948), Knoxville College (1950), Morris Brown College (1969), Syracuse University (1969), Claflin College (1969), Jacksonville University (1970), Ohio Northern University (1971), Florida Institute of Technology (1972), Florida International University (1972), Bethune-Cookman College (1973), Rust College (1974), Florida Southern College (1975), Florida Atlantic University (1975) and University of Florida (1983).
They died on January 2, 1994 and is buried on the Bethune-Cookman campus. There has been a Richard V. Moore Legacy Society at the college.
Bethune-Cookman's 3,000-seat multi-purpose arena, Moore Gymnasium, is named after him. In 2000 they were honored with the designation as a Great Floridian, and their memorial plaque is located in the front of the Richard V. Moore Community Center, Daytona Beach, Florida.
Personal
Moore married Beauford Jones in 1934 and they had nine children, five boys and four girls.
References
1906 births
1994 deaths
African-American educators
Knoxville College alumni
Bethune–Cookman University people
Albany State University alumni
People from Quincy, Florida
People from Daytona Beach, Florida
African-American Methodists
Atlanta University alumni
Heads of universities and colleges in the United States
American academic administrators
African-American schoolteachers
African-American history of Florida
20th-century Methodists
Penkridge weather station is a weather station at Penkridge in Staffordshire, England, operated by the Met Office. It is situated on the site of Rodbaston College.
The station is 101 m above mean sea level.
Below are the 1981-2010 averages.
External links
Met office: Penkridge 1961-1990 averages
Met office: Penkridge 1971-2000 averages
Buildings and structures in Staffordshire
Meteorological stations
weather station
Met Office
The Gold Rush Country (a.k.a Town of Gold Rush or simply Gold Rush) is a themed land at the Dreamworld theme park on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.
History
The Gold Rush Country opened on 11 December 1986. The area featured the Eureka Mountain Mine Ride and the Thunder River Rapids Ride. In 2006, the Eureka Mountain Mine Ride was decommissioned due to safety concerns. In the middle of 2011, Gold Rush Country was refurbished with shops being relocated around the area in preparation for its conversion into the Town of Gold Rush. On 17 September 2011, Gold Rush Country officially reopened as the Town of Gold Rush to match BuzzSaws backstory. The Thunder River Rapids Ride was closed in October 2016 after 4 riders were killed on the ride. This saw the removal of almost every Gold Rush themed buildings, sideshow attractions and theming. BuzzSaw was permanently closed in August 2021. Steel Taipan opened in the area of the park on the 15th of December 2021 to positive reviews.
Attractions
Current Attractions
Dreamworld Express
The Dreamworld Express is one of Dreamworld's original, opening day attractions. At opening the ride was known as the cannonball Express and only featured one stop. The train takes guests on a scenic route around Dreamworld with four stops along the way: Central Station, Billabong Station, Corroboree Station and Rocky Hollow Station.
The Giant Drop
The Giant Drop opened in 1998 as the world's tallest and fastest free fall ride. It is one of Dreamworld's Big 7 Thrill Rides and is situated on the Dreamworld Tower. The ride was manufactured by Intamin, the company responsible for the Tower of Terror which shares the same tower.
Steel Taipan
Steel Taipan is a long steel launched coaster which opened on 15 December 2021 to coincide with the park's 40th anniversary. The roller coaster features a triple-launch system, a first in the Southern Hemisphere. The ride reaches a top speed and reaches a height of , making it one of the fastest and tallest roller coaster in Australia.
Previous attractions
BuzzSaw
BuzzSaw was a Maurer Söhne SkyLoop roller coaster in the Town of Gold Rush. The roller coaster begins with a vertical chain lift hill to a height of . Riders, restrained by only a lap bar, are then pulled slowly back over on themselves before the train is released into a full heartline roll. A steep drop returns riders back to the station. It closed in 2021.
Eureka Mountain Mine Ride
The Eureka Mountain Mine Ride was a wild mouse roller coaster designed by HyFab. The ride has not operated since 2006 due to safety concerns.
Helicopter Joy Flights
Helicopter Joy Flights allowed park visitors to take helicopter flights taking in views of Dreamworld and the Gold Coast. Visitors could choose from five different flight paths. Joy flights incurred an additional expense. The helicopter tours have not resumed since June 2009 when a helicopter crashed in the carpark of Dreamworld causing only minor injuries. The launch pad previously formed part of the defunct BuzzSaw's area and the sales booth was a beverage outlet named Jack's Watering Hole up until late 2016.
Rocky Hollow Log Ride
The Rocky Hollow Log Ride was a log flume which took groups of 4 riders on a gentle four and a half-minute cruise through channels, in and out of buildings, before ascending the lift hill. The ride concluded with a drop causing all riders to become soaked.
The ride was designed and built in-house by Dreamworld with assistance from overseas engineers.
Thunder River Rapids Ride
The Thunder River Rapids was a river rapid water ride which featured floating rafts holding up to six people floating down a foamy, turbulent river reaching speeds of up to . Riders could end up quite wet due to waves splashing over the side of the raft. The ride opened in October 1986 in conjunction with the opening of Gold Rush Country. The ride originally featured a rotating platform which allowed riders to board and dismount the 6-person boats without the need for stopping them. This functionality was decommissioned due to safety concerns. The ride continued to be the park's most popular ride until its closure in 2016 after four riders were killed. On 9 November Deborah Thomas the chief executive of Ardent Leisure, Dreamworlds' parent company, announced that the ride would be permanently closed and demolished.
Shopping & Dining
Gold Rush Country is currently home to the "Old Time Photos" store where you can purchase gold rush themed photographs. It was also formerly home to several of shopping and food and beverage outlets. Most outlets were closed in October 2016 after most of the area was closed and demolished as a result of the Thunder River Rapids incident. Prior to October 2016, Gold Rush Country featured:
Jack's Watering Hole - a food and beverage outlet (closed 2016)
Various forms of Gold Rush themed merchandise could be purchased from the:
BuzzSaw Mill General Store - merchandise themed to the BuzzSaw roller coaster (closed 2021)
Thunder River Rapids Photos' - merchandise themed to the Thunder River Rapids Ride (closed 2016)
Additionally the Rocky Hollow sub-area featured a photo store (previously a cafe) for the Rocky Hollow Log Ride. The store was demolished in 2021 after remaining inactive for years.
References
1986 establishments in Australia
Themed areas in Dreamworld (Australia)
Dreamworld (Australia)
Amusement park attractions introduced in 1986
Western (genre) amusement park attractions
Harold Vincent Drew (12 October 1902 – 2 December 1970) was an Accountant, Australian politician, Company Director and the Chief President of the Australian Natives' Association.
Early Years
Harry Drew was born in South Melbourne to dairyman Edward Harvey Drew and Charlotte Helen Farnell. They attended University High School and became an accountant, working for E. H. Shackell and Co., General Motors-Holden from 1927 to 1931 and Vocalion (A'asia) Ltd 1931-1933. They were also made a director of Vocalion in 1931.
Australian Natives' Association
Drew was a member of Middle Park A.N.A. Branch No.224. They were elected to the A.N.A. Board in 1930. They were elected Chief President at Mildura Annual Conference in 1934. They presided over Queenscliff Annual Conference in 1935. They were also Chairman of the Metropolitan Committee in 1929-1930
Drew was a skilled debater. They had a fluent ready wit and gave attention to detail. The Western Australian Secessionist movement was current during their Chief Presidency and they proposed that their grievances should be addressed though constitutional means, not secession. National health insurance and the development of Northern Australia were significant national issues to which they publicly referred.
Politics
In 1932, they were elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly as the United Australia Party member for Albert Park where they severed for five year. They lost endorsement in 1937 and was defeated as an independent candidate.
After return from the armed services in 1947 they were elected to the Victorian Legislative Assembly for the Mentone as the Liberal Party Member, they were defeated in 1950.
WW2
During World War II they joined the Royal Australian Air Force in 1939 and served as a squadron leader until 1947. They served in Victoria and New South Wales during the war.
Family
On 18 October 1940 they married Shirley Doreen Brand, with whom they had two children.
Later Years
They returned to work part-time as an accountant, but increasingly suffered from ill health. Drew died in Melbourne in 1970.
References
1902 births
1970 deaths
United Australia Party members of the Parliament of Victoria
Independent members of the Parliament of Victoria
Liberal Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Victoria
Members of the Victorian Legislative Assembly
20th-century Australian politicians
Royal Australian Air Force personnel of World War II
Royal Australian Air Force officers
Karen Elise Baldwin (born 16 June 1964, Boston) is a Canadian film producer.  They are married to producer Howard Baldwin, and they have co-founded their own production firm. They won a Golden Globe for their 2004 film Ray. They graduated from College of the Holy Cross in 1985.
Filmography
Sudden Death, (1995 associate)
The Patriot, (1998, associate)
Gideon, (1998)
The Long Kill, (1999, executive)
Resurrection, (1999, co-producer)
Mystery, Alaska, (1999, co-producer)
Joshua, (2002)
Children on Their Birthdays, (2002)
Swimming Upstream, (2003)
Where the Red Fern Grows, (2003, executive)
Danny Deckchair, (2003, executive)
Ray, (2004)
Sahara, (2005)
The Game of Their Lives, (2005)
A Sound of Thunder, (2005)
Death Sentence, (2007)
The Other Side of the Tracks, (2008)
Atlas Shrugged: Part I, (2011, executive)
Mr. Hockey: The Gordie Howe Story, (2013, executive)
Before We Go, (2014)
The Hurricane Heist, (2018)
Odd Man Rush, (2020)
References
Canadian film producers
1964 births
Living people
College of the Holy Cross alumni
Astragalus monspessulanus is a plant species in the genus Astragalus.
References
monspessulanus
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Balboa Island is a harborside community located in Newport Beach, California, accessible to the public via bridge, ferry and several public docks. The community is surrounded by a paved concrete boardwalk open to pedestrian traffic, designated as a public walking trail by the city.
Balboa Island's Marine Avenue is home to local small businesses including restaurants, bakeries, fishing & tackle, and local crafts. The island also has a fire station and a post office.
Geography
The Balboa Island community consists of three modified or artificial islands in Newport Harbor: Balboa Island (), the largest; the smaller Little Balboa Island () to the east of Balboa Island, joined by a two-lane bridge; and the smallest Collins Isle () to the northwest of Balboa Island, joined by a one-lane bridge. The Balboa Island community is joined to the mainland by a short two-lane bridge on the northeast of Balboa Island, and a privately operated fleet of three, three-car ferryboats (Balboa Island Ferry) which provide access across the harbor to the Balboa Peninsula which lies to the south.
History
Mudflat
Originally, Balboa Island was little more than a mudflat surrounded by swampland. Today's Newport Harbor emerged only after dredging millions of tons of silt. In the late 1860s, James McFadden and their brother, Robert, purchased a large portion of the future site of Newport, including the oceanfront of Newport Beach, much of Balboa Peninsula, and the sandbars that were to become Balboa Island and Newport Harbor's other islands. They immediately began subdividing and selling their property.
They established a successful fishing wharf on the Balboa Peninsula and the townsite of Newport Beach. In the late 1860s, the bay was used as a landing to load hides, tallow, hay and other goods for export. In September 1870, Captain Samuel S. Dunnells' steamer Vaquero ventured into the bay to offload a cargo of lumber and shingles. Captain Dunnells soon established “Newport Landing” by constructing a small wharf and warehouse near the west end of the present Coast Highway/Newport Bay Bridge.
The McFadden brothers acquired the landing in 1875 and for the next 19 years operated a thriving commercial trade and shipping business. However, the bay was not yet a true harbor and sand bars and a treacherous bay entrance caused the McFadden brothers to move the shipping business to the oceanfront by constructing a large pier on the sand spit that would become the Balboa Peninsula. The site was ideal because a submarine canyon (Newport Submarine Canyon - a favorite breeding ground for great white sharks), carved along with Newport Bay by the ancient Santa Ana River, provided calm waters close to the shore. McFadden Wharf was completed in 1888 and was connected by rail to Santa Ana in 1891. For the next eight years, the McFadden Wharf area was a booming commercial and shipping center and a company town began to grow. However, in 1899, the Federal Government allocated funds for major improvements to a new harbor at San Pedro, which would become Southern California's major seaport. The McFadden Wharf and railroad was sold to the Southern Pacific Railroad that same year, signaling the end of Newport Bay as a commercial shipping center.
In 1902, James McFadden sold all of their Newport property, including the Newport townsite, about half the Balboa Peninsula, and the swamplands that were to become Harbor, Lido, and Balboa Islands (totaling about 900 acres) to William Stepp "WS" Collins (WS Collins was also president of the Associated Oil Company) and C. A. Hanson for an undisclosed amount, suspected to be $50,000 with $5,000 down.
Creation by dredging, 1906-1941
Collins and Hanson saw Newport Bay's resort and recreation potential. They took on Henry E. Huntington as a partner in the Newport Beach Company. Huntington had acquired the Pacific Electric railway system and used it to promote new communities outside of Los Angeles. In 1905, the Pacific Electric “Red Cars” were extended to Newport. By 1906, the Pacific Electric line Red Cars began servicing the Balboa Peninsula and Balboa Pavilion, and soon the Red Cars brought thousands of visitors from Los Angeles.
Collins built a dredge and, by 1906, began dredging a channel on the north side of the bay and depositing the sand and silt on tidelands that would become Balboa Isle.
Between 1902 and 1907, many of Newport Beaches' waterfront communities were subdivided, including West Newport, East Newport, Bay Island, Balboa, and Balboa Isle. This established the grid system of small lots and narrow streets and alleys that still exists today.
Within a few years, real estate promoters began sending salespersons to Pasadena and to Los Angeles (both connected by the Red Cars) to promote property in and around Newport Harbor. Much Balboa Island property was sold in Pasadena, one of the reasons that many longtime Island residents have family and contacts in the Pasadena area.
In 1908 and 1909, with permission of the Orange County Board of Supervisors, Collins moved their small dredge to the eastern part of the Newport bay, a mud flat called "Snipe Island," and begin cutting a channel along the north side of the bay across from the Pavilion, piling the sand and silt up on the mud flat and thus Balboa Island was born.
As Balboa Isle began to take shape, Collins launched a national advertising campaign, offering 30 foot by 85 foot inland lots for $600 and waterfront lots for $750. They used a brochure picturing an elegant, but non-existing, hotel on the isle to help sell their lots. They also promised ferry service, electricity, paved streets, sewers, streetlights, and water. However, despite the advertisements, Collins originally sold lots on the Island for as little as $25.00, with promises that all streets, sewers and street lights would soon be installed and a bridge and ferry service to follow. Construction was begun for the ferry landing. Streets were staked out and lots were mapped. Even a few narrow sidewalks were built. A low wooden bulkhead was built along the south side of the island and an impromptu sewer system was laid out with pipes draining onto the beaches at their low tide levels to keep the discharge out of sight. They established the still-running Balboa Ferry.
Balboa isle owners struggled for years with poor roads, flimsy sidewalks, sewers that poured directly into the bay, and a wall so inadequate that homes were regularly flooded by high tides. By 1911, discouragement permeated the island, and owners left, tired of inadequate services. Neglected homes dotted the island, and lot prices fell to as little as $325. Still optimistic, Collins held an extravagant Fourth of July celebration in 1914. They distributed 8,000 brochures nationwide as well as promoting locally. They were successful, and thousands came to enjoy races, tours, food, and parades. Lots began selling again. Before long, Collins had sold 700 Balboa Island lots, establishing it as one of Newport Harbor's favorite residential and recreational areas.
The island grew slowly at first, but in 1916, it became part of the City of Newport Beach. In 1918 the Balboa Island Improvement Association was started. The BIIA was a motivating force in working with the City on bulkhead repair, ferry service, a sewer system, water, gas, electricity, paved streets and sidewalks, and street lighting.
In those early days of 1919, water for the Island came from the famous "Wooden Water Tower" built on Agate Street, removed in 1929. In 1920, Park Avenue was the only paved road on the Island. People had outhouses behind their houses as there was no sewer, and some buried their trash in vacant lots. In 1920, a gas utility came to the Island providing heating, cooking, and lights.
Joseph Beek, while still a student at Pasadena City College, was enchanted with the area, and became one of Collins' salespersons. Beek played a crucial role in the development of Balboa Island, and spent a lifetime devoted to it. In 1919, Joe got the first contract for a ferry between the Island and Balboa Peninsula. In 1920, the first car was pushed across the bay (for 10 cents). In 1922, Joe Beek got a 15-year franchise, using the ferry boat "Joker", which could hold two cars. That franchise has continued to this day, with three boats, named "Admiral," "Captain," and "Commodore," that can each carry three vehicles. Beek later became Secretary of the California State Senate, where they served until their death in 1968.
By 1921, homes were beginning to fill in the Island and Balboa Peninsula. Roads to the Newport Harbor area were still largely undeveloped, and many people still arrived by rail to the peninsula and took the ferry over to the island. Although the first bridge from the mainland to the island's North Bay Front was built in 1912, it was not capable of carrying automobiles until 1929, when it was refurbished.
The seawall was rebuilt in 1922. The Grand Canal wooden bulkhead and walk were rebuilt in concrete in 1929. The present day Bay Front bulkhead, walks and public piers were completed in 1938.
In 1924, the narrow bridge to Balboa Island was replaced with two lanes of wood. That bridge existed until 1928, when it was demolished to make way for a concrete bridge. Some of the wood from the old bridge was used to construct the building next to the "Jolly Roger" Restaurant (now Wilma's Patio) on Marine Avenue. In 1929, a new concrete bridge was built and served for 51 years. The island's population grew from a little over 100 in 1929 to today's 4,500 in winter, and close to 10,000 summer renters. In 1981, the existing concrete bridge was replaced with a new, modern concrete structure with 9' wide walks.
Jamboree Road, 1953
The 1953 National Scout Jamboree of the Boy Scouts of America held its event where Newport Center and Fashion Island are now located. It was the third international jamboree, the first to be held west of the Mississippi River, and had 50,000 scouts from all 50 states and 16 foreign countries. Thousands of tents were pitched in the area accessible only by a muddy two-lane trail called Palisades Road. The road was soon paved, and later the name was changed to Jamboree Road in honor of the event. It remains a major thoroughfare through Newport Beach, ending at Balboa Island.
21st century
Balboa Island celebrated its centennial in 2016 with a parade.
According to the 2000 US Census, Balboa Island was one of the densest communities in Orange County. Approximately 3,000 residents live on just giving it a population density of 17,621 people per square mile—higher than that of San Francisco. Despite having some of the country's most expensive homes, most of the dwellings are on small lots. A lot size on Balboa Island is 30 feet x 85 feet. In 2008 teardowns on interior lots of that size were going for $2,000,000. As times change some of the lots are being cobbled together into 1.5 or 2.0 sized lots for larger homes.
The perimeter of the island along the Bayfront is dotted with piers for the homeowners' boats. Marine Avenue and Agate Avenue form the commercial spine of the island.
Balboa Island has several associations. The Balboa Island Improvement Association, a voluntary group of people who live or work on Balboa Island; The Business Improvement District, a merchant- sponsored group on Marine Avenue; and The Little Balboa Island Association, a group of homeowners only on Little Balboa Island. There is plenty of opportunity for community involvement on Balboa Island.
Balboa Island is one of the most expensive real estate markets in North America outside of Lower Manhattan. A two-bedroom house with a water view from the living room can cost about $3 million. Lot value is $2 million. Interior new construction sells for $4 million. Bayfronts range from $3.5 million to $9 million.
Balboa Island's only bar, the Village Inn (or VI, as locals like to call it), has sat near the end of Marine Ave for more than 80 years.
In popular culture
The 1949 film noir The Reckless Moment, directed by Max Ophüls, is primarily set on Balboa Island, a change from the Elizabeth Sanxay Holding novel that the film was based on.
In The Girl Most Likely, a 1958 RKO musical, the main character Dodie, played by Jane Powell, lives on Balboa Island and travels by ferry to their job on the mainland.
The sitcom Arrested Development is partially set on Balboa Island, where the family-owned frozen banana stand is located.
In the Netflix series Dirty John the two main characters lease a waterfront property together on Balboa Island after dating for only five weeks.
In the indie game Raft, the player will travel to Balboa Island to gather materials and weapons.
Notable residents
J. Warren Kerrigan - early silent era movie star
Buddy Ebsen lived in an oceanfront home on Balboa Island for many years. The home was sold in 2015 after their death.
See also
List of islands of California
References
External links
Artificial islands of California
Neighborhoods in Newport Beach, California
Islands of Newport Beach, California
Islands of Southern California
Islands of California
Rohnny André Westad (born 12 February 1972) is a Norwegian retired football goalkeeper.
They started their career in Malvik IL, where they started playing goalkeeper by chance. They had one season in the Rosenborg BK squad before going to FK Bodø/Glimt ahead of the 1993 season. They were on the winning team in the Norwegian Football Cup 1993, and on the runner-up team in the Norwegian Football Cup 1996.
Before the 1998 season, they joined SK Brann, but they did not play much in 1999. They returned to Bodø/Glimt after the 1999 season.
They retired after the 2002 season.
References
1972 births
Living people
Norwegian footballers
People from Sør-Trøndelag
Footballers from Trondheim
Rosenborg BK players
FK Bodø/Glimt players
SK Brann players
Eliteserien players
Association football goalkeepers
Idse is an island in Strand municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. The island lies between the Idsefjorden and Høgsfjorden, about west of the town of Jørpeland. The island of Idsal lies immediately to the south and the island of Heng lies a short distance to the north of Idse. There is a bridge connecting Idse to neighboring Idsal, which in turn is connected to the mainland.
Description
There are about 40 farms on the south and east sides of the island, but in recent years there has been a significant decline with only three active dairy farmers remaining. The other farms grow potatoes, tomatoes, cucumbers, strawberries, blueberries, and Christmas trees. The north and west sides of the island are more hilly and forested and that area is populated with many holiday cabins. At Tangane and Kjeksevåg, there are cabins that date back to the 1940s. There were families from the Stavanger area who fled the city during World War II and built cottages on Idse. In recent years, the cottage development has been very expansive, which probably has to do with good location near the cities of Stavanger and Sandnes. There are currently between 300 and 400 condos on the island. Historically, there was a grocery store and post office on the pier at Idse, but both are now closed. In 1917, a telephone line was built between Jørpeland and Idse.
Notable residents
Tore Thorsen Idsøe, founder of the renowned butcher shop A. Idsøe Holding, was born in 1796 in Idse. They were married in 1826 with Siri Ådnesdatter Selvik, born 1802 at Selvik in Høle. The business they established in 1828 is currently Stavanger's oldest firm. It is commonly considered one of Stavanger's better
butcher shops and meat markets.
See also
List of islands of Norway
References
External links
Idse Map from Norgeskart.no
A. Idsøe AS website
Islands of Rogaland
Strand, Norway
Pier Luigi Mazzoni (August 3, 1932 – July 12, 2012) was the Roman Catholic archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Gaeta, Italy.
Ordained to the priesthood in 1958, Mazzoni became a bishop in 1991 and retired in 2007.
Notes
Roman Catholic archbishops in Italy
Bishops of Gaeta
1932 births
2012 deaths
Joe Levins (born November 12, 1968 in Minneapolis) is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
External links
sports-reference.com
1968 births
Living people
American male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Skiers from Minneapolis
20th-century American men
Jordanian Democratic Popular Unity Party ( Hizb Al-Wahdah Al-Sha'abiyah Al-Dimuqratiyyah Al-Urduniy) is a political party in Jordan. The party was formed in 1990, when the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine separated their branch in Jordan to become a separate party.
The party publishes Nida'a al-Watan.
See also
List of political parties in Jordan
References
External links
JDPUP website
1990 establishments in Jordan
Arab nationalism in Jordan
Arab Nationalist Movement breakaway groups
Arab socialist political parties
Democratic socialist parties in Asia
Left-wing nationalist parties
Palestinian nationalist parties
Political parties established in 1990
Political parties in Jordan
Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine
Secularism in Jordan
Socialist parties in Jordan
Nahid Siddiqui is an exponent of Kathak dance.
They have been a disciple of two great teachers: Maharaj Kathak (Pakistan) and Birju Maharaj (India). They have against all odds and challenges, spent decades of their life breathing hope, vitality, and exuberance to a dance form that has received very little state patronage and support. Through sheer perseverance, they have not only earned the reputation of a prolific artist but has also singlehandedly set a formidable standard of quality, a refined sensibility of aesthetics, and an intricate system of technical expertise that has received much acclaim all over the world.  They are acknowledged for contributing their own style, technique, and expression (Gharana), which is imbued and informed by Islamic and Sufi aesthetics, sensibilities, and longing for ultimate union. Siddiqui is ever-evolving their craft as they perform at major venues, festivals, and television worldwide.
They have been the recipient of several awards, including Pakistan's Pride of Performance, the UK's British Cultural Award, and the International Dance Award.
Early life
Nahid was born in Rawalpindi, Pakistan in 1956.  They are the eldest daughter of actor Talat Siddiqui and Mohammad Bashir Siddiqui. At the age of 3, they moved to Karachi with their parents. Them parents enrolled them in Happy Home School Karachi. In the late 1960s, they moved to Lahore with their parents and joined the University of Home Economics formerly known as Home Economics College.
Life and Works
It was under the tutelage of the distinguished teacher Baba Maharaj, and later, Pandit Birju Maharaj, that Nahid Siddiqui, embarked on a journey to delve deep into Kathak, becoming the only Pakistani to extensively explore the physical and theoretical nuances of this ancient dance form. Nahid started learning Kathak from Baba Maharaj Ghulam Hussain Kathak in 1971. In 1976, Nahid Siddiqui had the honor to travel with the entourage of former Prime Minister Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto and represent Pakistan as a Kathak dancer, embarking on a journey that would make them strive to root and evolve Kathak in Pakistan. They have performed in the United States, Canada, Germany, Italy, Morocco, and Jordan and has mesmerized and delighted audiences that have often comprised international dignitaries. Some of them were the Late Shah of Iran and Khanum Farah Diba, Chancellor Schmidt of
West Germany, Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau of Canada, King Hussein of Jordan, and King Zahir Shah of Afghanistan. Payal, a dynamic thirteen-episode visual encyclopedia, aired in 1978, to date remains the only such endeavor in Pakistan in which Nahid Siddiqui collaborated with classical musicians, creating a masterpiece, which shed light on Kathak in a society where there was very little awareness of this art. Payal, however, was banned and taken off air by the military regime after its sixth episode was aired on TV. Nahid Siddiqui has since been symbolic of resistance against extremist ideologies, beautifully using their art to exemplify Islamic culture in a way not seen before. This production is now viewed and studied by ardent Kathak dancers around the world. In England, where they lived in exile, Nahid Siddiqui inculcated the paradigms of Islamic geometry, Sufi poetry, Persian, Arab and Turkic influences in Kathak. Through the in-depth understanding of Islamic geometry, Nahid Siddiqui has greatly enhanced the visual vocabulary of Kathak by striving to find the perfect posture and body alignment to paint evocative lines and compositions.  They are one of the very few Kathak dancers' who is renowned for their finesse and immense sophistication in movement. While in England, they provided their students a different perspective of Kathak, which was and is still not being explored in India. In England, they became the first Pakistani to teach at the Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, (Indian Cultural Centre). They began their teaching career at the Midlands Arts Centre, Birmingham. They launched their dance company and since then has continued to produce professional dancers, some of whom have gone on launch their own companies in England and around the world. Those worth mentions include Late Jahanara Akhlaq, Sonia Kundi, and Simmi Gupta. It is noteworthy to mention that while they were teaching dance in England, they received patronage from the Art Council from 1990 onwards and trained many dancers of western descent. In times of violence, in a country facing an identity crisis, where ancient cultural teachings have been left to decay, they revisited their roots in Pakistan to do their bidding. By showing young Pakistanis the beauty of the ancient arts in a modern and free environment, they give nourishment to a true culture of the East. Unlike general Kathak endeavors in Pakistan, their technique has a proper curriculum, which in its physical aspect is as strict as ballet. Nahid Siddiqui has been holding lecture demonstrations and workshops in Pakistan. Since 2005, they have taught Kathak at the privately run Lahore Chitrakar and in the department of Musicology at the National College of Arts, Lahore. They have also worked extensively with the prestigious Agha Khan University in Karachi and held workshops there. They continue to live in Lahore, Pakistan and keeps dance alive by holding routine performances for the young audience.  They are running their own organization named Nahid Siddiqui Foundation, which works for Dance, Yoga, and Music.
Awards & Achievements
Pride of Performance (1994)
Time Out Award (1991)
The Digital Award
British Cultural Award
International Dance Award
Faiz Ahmed Faiz Award
Dance Umbrella Award
Lux Style Award (Life Time Achievement Award)
National Indian Arts Award (Life Time Achievement Award)
External links
How dance icon Nahid Siddiqui defied a ban on their artform
Nahid Siddiqui Filmography
References
Pakistani female dancers
Living people
Pakistani artists
Recipients of the Pride of Performance
1956 births
Nemours–Saint-Pierre is a railway station in Nemours and Saint-Pierre-lès-Nemours, Île-de-France, France. The station opened in 1862 and is located on the Moret–Lyon railway. The station is served by Intercités (long-distance trains) and by Transilien line R (Paris-Gare de Lyon) operated by SNCF. The station building was destroyed in 1870 after a Prussian attack, but the building was not rebuilt until 1881.
Train services
The station is served by Intercités (long distance) services operated by SNCF between Paris and Nevers, and by Transilien line R (from Paris-Gare de Lyon).
Gallery
See also
Transilien Paris–Lyon
References
External links
Railway stations in Seine-et-Marne
Railway stations in France opened in 1862
The Shedd-Dunn House is a historic house in Columbus, Ohio, United States. The house was built in 1888 and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986. The Shedd-Dunn House was built at a time when East Broad Street was a tree-lined avenue featuring the most ornate houses in Columbus; the house reflects the character of the area at the time. The building is also part of the 18th & E. Broad Historic District on the Columbus Register of Historic Properties, added to the register in 1988.
The house was built for the Shedd family, who operated an early wholesale grocery. The family lived there until 1912; Eggleston Dunn of the Dunn-Taft Dry Goods Co. subsequently lived there until the early 1940s. The house then became used for commercial purposes, including office space for the architects Tibbals, Crumley and Musson.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Columbus, Ohio
References
Houses completed in 1888
National Register of Historic Places in Columbus, Ohio
Houses in Columbus, Ohio
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Ohio
Columbus Register properties
Queen Anne architecture in Ohio
Broad Street (Columbus, Ohio)
Harry Wrathall (1 February 1869 – 1 June 1944) was an English cricketer who played for Gloucestershire, Marylebone and London County.
Career
Between 1894 and 1907, Wrathall played in 288 first-class matches. The right handed batsman played 509 innings with an average of 22.54. Wrathall's right-arm medium pace bowling took 30 wickets averaging at 45.26.
References
1869 births
1944 deaths
English cricketers of 1890 to 1918
English cricketers
Sportspeople from Cheltenham
Gloucestershire cricketers
London County cricketers
Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
Players cricketers
Midland Counties cricketers
North v South cricketers
Northumberland cricketers
Players of the South cricketers
Frédéric Michel (born 4 October 1914, date of death unknown) is a Swiss former sports shooter. They competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1914 births
Year of death missing
Swiss male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Switzerland
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
People from Duino
Sportspeople from Friuli-Venezia Giulia
Russell Mark Fulcher (born March 9, 1962) is an American business person and politician serving as the U.S. representative for Idaho's 1st congressional district since 2019. A member of the Republican Party, they represented the 21st district in the Idaho Senate from 2005 to 2012 and the 22nd district from 2012 until 2014.
Fulcher ran for governor of Idaho in 2014 but narrowly lost the nomination to Butch Otter. They were elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 2018, succeeding incumbent Raúl Labrador, who retired from Congress to run, unsuccessfully, for governor of Idaho.
Early life and education
A fourth-generation Idahoan, Fulcher was born in Boise, Idaho, but grew up on a dairy farm in Meridian, Idaho. They received both a bachelor's and master's degree in business administration from Boise State University in 1984 and 1988, respectively. They also completed a course on electronic engineering through Micron Technology.
Career
While a member of the Idaho legislature, Fulcher worked as a broker in the commercial real estate business. Before that, they were involved in Idaho's technology industry. Fulcher spent much of that time working in international business development with Micron Technology.
Idaho Senate
Idaho Senate District 21
In 2005, Governor Dirk Kempthorne appointed Fulcher to the Idaho State Senate, representing the 21st legislative district, which encompasses large parts of Boise, Meridian and Kuna, to replace Jack Noble, who resigned after a conflict of interest. Fulcher was first elected in 2006 and served through 2012.
Idaho Senate District 22
Fulcher represented District 22 in the Idaho Senate from 2012 to 2014. They served as Majority Caucus Leader from 2008 to 2012 and from 2013 to 2014.
Committees
Fulcher served on the following committees:
Senate Education Committee (Member)
Senate State Affairs Committee (Vice-chairperson)
U.S. House of Representatives
Elections
2018
On June 15, 2017, Fulcher announced that they would seek the Republican nomination for Idaho's 1st congressional district in the 2018 election.
They were endorsed by the incumbent representative, Raúl Labrador, and Texas Senator Ted Cruz.
Fulcher won the Idaho Republican Party primary with 43.1% of the vote, defeating David H. Leroy, Luke Malek, Christy Perry, Michael Snyder, Alex Gallegos, and Nick Henderson. Fulcher won 18 of 19 counties in Idaho's 1st congressional district. They were one of two candidates to win their home county.
They won the general election in November with 62.7% of the vote, defeating Cristina McNeil (Democrat), W. Scott Howard (Libertarian), and Marvin "Pro-Life" Richardson (Constitution).
2020
Fulcher was reelected on November 3, 2020, with 67.8% of the vote, defeating Rudy Soto (Democrat) and Joe Evans (Libertarian).
Tenure
In December 2020, Fulcher was one of 126 Republican members of the House of Representatives to sign an amicus brief in support of Texas v. Pennsylvania, a lawsuit filed at the United States Supreme Court contesting the results of the 2020 presidential election, in which Joe Biden defeated incumbent Donald Trump. The Supreme Court declined to hear the case on the basis that Texas lacked standing under Article III of the Constitution to challenge the results of an election held by another state.
On January 12, 2021, Fulcher allegedly assaulted a female Capitol security officer after setting off a metal detector outside the House floor, triggering an investigation by the U.S. Capitol Police.
Big Tech
In 2022, Fulcher was one of 39 Republicans to vote for the Merger Filing Fee Modernization Act of 2022, an antitrust package that would crack down on corporations for anti-competitive behavior.
Committee assignments
Committee on Natural Resources
Subcommittee on National Parks, Forests and Public Lands (Ranking Member)
Subcommittee on Water, Oceans and Wildlife
Committee on Education and Labor
Subcommittee on Civil Rights and Human Services (Ranking Member)
Subcommittee on Higher Education and Workforce Investment
Caucus memberships
Freedom Caucus
Republican Study Committee
Electoral history
Other political campaigns
2014 gubernatorial race
On November 23, 2013, Fulcher announced their intention to run against incumbent governor Butch Otter in the 2014 Idaho gubernatorial election. They were endorsed by Congressman Raúl Labrador.
Fulcher lost to Otter in the May 2014 Republican primary, earning 43.6% of the vote.
2016 presidential election
Fulcher was a Ted Cruz delegate at the 2016 Republican National Convention. They supported Donald Trump in the general election.
2018 gubernatorial race
Fulcher announced on August 24, 2016, that they were running for governor.
On June 15, 2017, they announced that they were dropping out of the 2018 Idaho gubernatorial election and would instead run for Idaho's 1st congressional district in the 2018 cycle.
Personal life
Fulcher was married to Kara Fulcher from 1987 to 2018. They have three adult children.
References
External links
Congressman Russ Fulcher official U.S. House website
Close partner Brandi Swindell
Russ Fulcher for Congress
Financial details at OpenSecrets
|-
|-
|-
1963 births
Boise State University alumni
Idaho state senators
Living people
People from Meridian, Idaho
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Idaho
21st-century American politicians
Warren County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 United States census, the population was 5,215, a decrease from 2010. The county seat is Warrenton. The county was created on December 19, 1793, and is named after General Joseph Warren, who was killed in the Battle of Bunker Hill.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water.
The north-to-northeastern quarter of Warren County, north of a line between the county's northwestern corner, Norwood, and Camak, is located in the Little River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin. The southeastern quarter, from Camak in the north, and bordered by a northwest-to-southeast line running through Warrenton, is located in the Brier Creek sub-basin of the larger Savannah River basin. The western half of the county, west of Warrenton, is located in the Upper Ogeechee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin.
Major highways
Interstate 20
U.S. Route 278
U.S. Route 278 Bypass
State Route 12
State Route 12 Bypass
State Route 16
State Route 17
State Route 17 Connector
State Route 80
State Route 80 Alternate
State Route 123
State Route 171
State Route 223
State Route 402 (unsigned designation for I-20)
Adjacent counties
Wilkes County (north)
McDuffie County (east)
Glascock County (south)
Jefferson County (southeast)
Hancock County (southwest)
Taliaferro County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 5,215 people, 2,244 households, and 1,456 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 5,834 people, 2,315 households, and 1,582 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,985 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 61.7% black or African American, 36.9% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.2% from other races, and 0.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 0.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 33.5% were American, and 6.3% were English.
Of the 2,315 households, 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.5% were married couples living together, 23.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.7% were non-families, and 28.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.05. The median age was 42.9 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,043 and the median income for a family was $36,925. Males had a median income of $33,349 versus $21,884 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,987. About 20.5% of families and 25.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 39.4% of those under age 18 and 22.0% of those age 65 or over.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 6,336 people, 2,435 households, and 1,692 families living in the county. The population density was 22 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 2,767 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 59.47% Black or African American, 39.46% White, 0.17% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.30% from other races, and 0.46% from two or more races. 0.80% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,435 households, out of which 30.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.10% were married couples living together, 22.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.50% were non-families. 27.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.09.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.40% under the age of 18, 8.70% from 18 to 24, 25.50% from 25 to 44, 23.40% from 45 to 64, and 16.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 86.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,366, and the median income for a family was $32,868. Males had a median income of $28,177 versus $20,082 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,022. About 24.10% of families and 27.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 36.00% of those under age 18 and 27.50% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cadley
Camak
Jewell
Mesena
Norwood
Warrenton (county seat)
Politics
See also
Central Savannah River Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Warren County, Georgia
References
External links
Warren County, Georgia, Chamber of Commerce
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1793 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1793
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Háttér Archive is the oldest and largest LGBT+ archive and library in Hungary. It is a unique LGBT+ collection in Eastern Europe. It is an integral part of Háttér Society, located on the premises of the association. Háttér Archive was founded by Sándor Nagy, who - together with their colleagues - collects gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender etc. materials since the founding of Háttér Society in 1995 - with a special attention to LGBT+ history.
Collections
Books and periodicals
Háttér Archive currently holds about 1500 volumes of books including fiction and non-fiction about various aspects of LGBT+ lifestyle, LGBT+ history, etc. It also holds more than 300 issues of scientific or cultural periodicals covering various LGBT+ topics. The majority of the materials are in Hungarian, but some are also available in English, German, French and other languages. Most of the books were acquired via donations from private individuals or publishers. The Archive also collects press clippings from various newspapers and magazines covering LGBT+ themes (political movements, legal issues, lifestyles, HIV/AIDS-prevention, cultural events etc.). The collection covers the past 25 years of Hungarian LGBT+ history, and is thus a unique and valuable source of information.
The archive holds a full collection of Hungarian LGBT+ periodicals including Mások, Labrisz magazin, Na végre!, Company, and Humen; as well as a selection of foreign magazines, most notably the famous American LGBT+ periodical: The ONE.
Audiovisual materials
The audio-visual collection holds more than 1000 documentary, feature and short films on VHS, DVD or other electronic form that have been screened at LGBT+ film festivals Hungary or in cinemas, or broadcast on television or available on internet.
Photo collection
The archive collects photographs about various LGBT+ events, LGBT+ people and other LGBT+ themes in print and in electronic formats.
Archival materials
The archival materials consist of documents of LGBT+ festivals, LGBT+ organization in Hungary, and leaflets, posters and other small prints (flyers, brochures etc.).
Textiles, objects
The collection includes textiles (T-shirts, bags, flags, molinos etc.), billboards, banners, gifts, souvenirs, badges etc. also.
Electronic database and catalogue
The electronic database and catalogue system of the Háttér Archive will be published on the webpage of Háttér Society soon. The database system contains LGBT+ themed literary works, films, newspaper articles available in Hungary. This catalogue will be extended with audio-visual materials as well as leaflets, posters, and other archival materials which are collected by the Archive.
Clients
The archive can assist mostly to students in higher education to prepare their papers, theses and doctoral dissertations; researchers by providing access to hard-to-reach scientific materials to be used in various research projects (e.g. surveys among transgender people, young gay men, police officers, health workers etc.); journalists to show a more accurate and diverse picture of the LGBT+ community.
Networkings
Háttér Archive have collaborated with IHLIA-Homodok by sending materials (books, brochures, flyers etc.) for centralized archiving. The Archive is working together with ONE National Gay & Lesbian Archives as well. Members of the Archive took part in recent LGBT ALMS Conferences (Amsterdam, 2012; London, 2016) and in other projects (e.g. OpenUp project). The Archive also has professional ties with the Metropolitan Ervin Szabó Library of Budapest.
Other activities
Háttér Archive also takes an active part in organizing the LGBT History Month in Hungary (with the other main organizer Labrisz Lesbian Association) every February by organizing workshops, lectures and other cultural events.
In 2021, Háttér Archive co-organised an offline and online exhibition with Blinken Open Society Archives entitled Records Uncovered. The exhibition focuses on the gay and lesbian movements in Central and Southeastern Europe between the mid 1940s and the early 1990s.
References
Archives in Hungary
LGBT museums and archives
Libraries in Hungary
LGBT culture in Hungary
LGBT organisations in Hungary
Cyperus pubens is a species of sedge that is native to Tanzania, Malawi, Zambia and Zimbabwe in southern tropical Africa.
The species was first formally described by the botanist Georg Kükenthal in 1931.
See also
List of Cyperus species
References
pubens
Taxa named by Georg Kükenthal
Plants described in 1931
Flora of Tanzania
Flora of Zimbabwe
Flora of Malawi
Flora of Zambia
Robert Dorsay (16 August 1904 – 29 October 1943) was a German actor, dancer, and singer who was executed in October 1943 for defeatism and defamation of National Socialism.
Selected filmography
Honeymoon (1936)
A Girl from the Chorus (1937)
The Ways of Love Are Strange (1937)
Spiel auf der Tenne (1937)
To New Shores (1937)
(1937)
Adventure in Warsaw (1937)
Cause for Divorce (1937)
Carousel (1937)
Love Letters from Engadin (1938)
Dance on the Volcano (1938)
Robert and Bertram (1939)
Bibliography
O'Brien, Mary-Elizabeth. Nazi Cinema as Enchantment: The Politics of Entertainment in the Third Reich. Camden House, 2006.
Schulte-Sasse, Linda. Entertaining the Third Reich: Illusions of Wholeness in Nazi Cinema. Duke University Press, 1996.
External links
1904 births
1943 deaths
German male film actors
German male dancers
German male singers
Entertainers from Bremen
20th-century German male actors
20th-century German male singers
20th-century German dancers
People from Bremen (state) executed by Nazi Germany
Jacques Lefort (December 26, 1913 – June 7, 1974) was a Général de corps d'armée of the French Army and Commandant of the Foreign Legion.
Military career
Jacques subscribed to an engagement of 8 years at the title of the ESM of Saint-Cyr, on October 1, 1933.
They were promoted to the rank of Sous-lieutenant on October 1, 1935, and rejoined the instruction company of cadres of the 1st Foreign Regiment 1er RE at Sidi bel Abbes.
On June 21, 1936, they were assigned to Khenchela at the CMA. Volunteer to serve in Morocco, they were assigned to the 9th company of the III/3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment 3e REI at Ain Afraksou on July 29, 1937.
They were promoted to the rank of Lieutenant on October 1, 1937, and assumed the provisionary command of the company, from September 30 to November 1, before being nominated as number one platoon director at Ksar es Souk, on November 5, 1937.
They were assigned the Mountain Groupment Type of the Legion on February 29, 1940.
They disembarked for Norway on April 22, 1940, with their unit, which became the 13e DBLME on May 1. They distinguished themselves at the disembarking of Bjervik, at the head of a motorcycle platoon and at Narvik where they were burned at front face while destroying a stock of enemy mines. They were cited at the order of the armed forces with the Croix de guerre 1939–1945. The unit embarked on June 8 to France. At this moment, they chose to remain loyal to the Government of Vichy and joined Morocco via England.
At the dissolution of the 13th Demi-Brigade of the Foreign Legion 13e DBLE, they were assigned to the 9th company of the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment 3e REI, on July 12, 1940.
In October 1940, placed in hors cadre position, they were designated as a quality instructor at the Moroccan Infantry School at Bar Deida.
They were placed on Armistice leave on September 4, 1941, however joined the 7th Moroccan Tirailleurs Regiment () at Meknes, as of September 24.
On January 1, 1943, they joined the general staff headquarters of the GCSTM, where they were promoted to the rank of Captain, as of March 25. They assumed the commandment of the 1st platoon of unit of tradition of the 1st Choc Battalion () at Staoueli, on October 30, 1943, then that of the 2nd company of the battalion stationed in Corsica, on December 25, 1943. They illustrated capability during at the corps of their company during the disembarking of Elba, where they were wounded by bullet, on June 7, at the corps of the attack of the strong hold point of San Mamiliano; then in Provence and notably at Toulon, where they gained a citation at the orders of the regiment and a citation at the orders of the armed forces with Chevalier of the Legion of Honour.
On October 24, 1944, they commanded the battalion. They were promoted to Chef de bataillon (Commandant - Major) on June 25, 1945. Their battalion, integrated to the 1st Army Corps (), crossed France from Cavalaire in Alsace, while passing by Dijon, Haute-Saône, the Vosges and cumulated victories against the Germans: Chapelle de Ronchamp, September 30, de Fresse, October 3, de Servance and de Miellin, October 3, 4 and 5, Chateau de Lambert, from October 7 to 11. At the Haut-du-Tot, November 3, Belfort, d'Etueffont-Haut, on November 24, de Massevaux, the 29, de Bourbach-le-Haut on November 30, col de Hundsruck. During the course of their various operations and personal maneuvering, they lost fifty percent of their formation, while their adversary lost 600 personnel. Also during the course of their maneuver operations, they made way with almost 827 prisoners as well an extremely important material.
The battalion was cited at the orders of the armed forces with attribution of the Croix de guerre 1939–1945. Personally, they gained two additional citations at the orders of the armed forces for their personal actions: at Toulon, Dijon and against the Bondensee division. They were wounded by a bomb blast in the right knee, at Melsheim, on January 30, 1945. They were promoted to the rank of Officier of the Legion of Honour, on July 15, 1945. This promotion was matched with an ultimate Croix de guerre 1939–1945, awarded for the advancement of their battalion in Germany and Austria and notably at Moulins d'Eyach, principal strong hold point of the enemy resistance in front of Hofen, Calmbach, Huntergrasse and col of l'Arlberg.
At the dissolution of the "1er Choc", they commanded the 1/1e RI of Aero Portable Choc Infantry, on October 1, 1945. With their unit, they disembarked in Algeria, on April 25, 1946. At the end of their command tour, they were assigned to the school center of Aero Portable Troops at Pau, on April 22, 1947. In December, they assumed command of the 218 Parachute Infantry Battalion.
Assigned in reinforcement in the Far East, they disembarked at Saigon on April 14, 1951, and joined the Commando Aero Portable Group (GCMA), then the commandment of the Inter-arm Military Schools of Dalat. They were placed in hors cadre position, on June 15, 1951. In this post, they were cited at the orders of the armed forces with Croix de guerre des théâtres d'opérations extérieures on March 24, 1953, for the police operations in the sector of Haut-Donhai, undertaken by the School, under their commandment.
Repatriated, they disembarked in Marseille on July 10, 1953, took their end of tour leave and joined the school base of the TAP, on November 3. They were promoted to the rank of Lieutenant-colonel on April 2, 1954. They assumed the function of CEM of the commandment of TAP at Paris on December 5, 1955. During this tenure, they participated to the coordination of supply elements by Air "Amilcar" at Cyprus from September 9 to December 1, 1956, in support of the Suez operation. They were cited at the orders of the Division with Croix de guerre des TOE. They participated as well to a mission of maintaining order in Mauritania, from December 1956 to March 22, 1957. They were promoted to Commandeur of the order of the Legion of Honour, on July 12, 1956. They then served at the general staff headquarters of the Minister of Defense () as of November 1957. They were promoted to the rank of Colonel, on March 31, 1958.
Designated for their time as a superior commanding officer, they were nominated as regimental commander of the 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment 2e REP, on April 7, 1958. Heading their unit, they were awarded 3 citations at the orders of the armed forces with the Croix de la Valeur Militaire, compensating their personal actions in the Beni Sbihi (Northern Constantinois Zone), in the Djebel Mouadjene, near Souk Aharas (Zone Constantinois East), during activities in the region of Guelma. They were wounded on September 30, 1958, during a night ambush on the route of Heliopolis; in the region of Gambetta, in the region of Randon, in the region of Beni Mezzeline, then during various combats in the Constantinois: « Rubis », « Saphir », « Turquoise ». Casualties inflicted on the adversary were heavy: 400 rebels placed out of combat, 200 war arms out of which one 20 mm cannon, 1 mortar, 25 machineguns, 1 LRAC, 5 machine gun pistols, 3 automatic pistols, 1 radio post, as well seized munitions and equipment.
In front of leaving their commandment, they were assigned to the Military Cabinet of the Minister of the Armies (), on June 1, 1960, then integrated in October, the groupment of schools of superior military studies in quality as an auditor at HEDN and at the CHEMM. They were then designated to the commandment of the Saharan Zone East at Ouargla, which they rejoined on May 16, 1961. In this post, they gained their last citation at the orders of the armed forces with CVM for operations led in the region bordering Constantinois and the Tunisian and Libyan frontiers. On July 20, 1961, they pierced the Tunisian attack on the Fort Thiriet.
Nominated to the 1st section of officer generals, on July 1, 1962, they assumed the commandment of the 2nd Brigade, as of July 4.
Leaving Algeria at independence, they were assigned in quality as Inspector of the Foreign Legion, in August 1962. Then, they were designated for the French Military Mission of Instruction at Laos, which they joined at the end of September 1964.
They were elevated to the dignity of Grand Officier of the Legion of Honor, on July 14, 1965.
Repatriated on July 1, 1967, they were assigned to the 42nd Military Division. In April 1969, they were designated as assistant () of the Commandant of the 4th Military Region.
They were promoted to Général de division in June 1969.
They assumed accordingly the commandment of the 11th Division, on October 1. This unit became the 11th Parachute Division 11e DP, on April 1, 1971.
On February 26, they were elevated to the dignity of Grand Croix of Ordre National de Mérite.
In October, they were assigned to the Inspection General of the French Army. They then assumed command of the 1st Army Corps (), on February 13, 1972.
Elevated to the rank and designation of Général de corps d'armée, March 1, they were admitted to the 2nd Section of officer generals by age limit, on December 26, 1973.
Général de corps d'armée Jacques Lefort died on June 7, 1974.
Recognitions and Honors
Grand Officier of the Légion d'Honneur
Commandeur of the Légion d'Honneur
Officier of the Légion d'Honneur
Chevalier of the Légion d'Honneur
Grand croix de l'ordre national du Mérite
Croix de guerre 1939-1945 (8 citations and Fourragere)
Croix de guerre des théâtres d'opérations extérieures
Croix de la Valeur Militaire
Officer of the Saharan Civil Merit Order
Chevalier of the Ordre du Mérite Agricole
Médaille de l'Aéronautique
Médaille d'honneur de la Jeunesse et des Sports
Médaille Coloniale with agrafe « Extrême-Orient »
Médaille commémorative de la campagne d'Indochine
Médaille commémorative des opérations de sécurité et de maintien de l'ordre en Afrique du Nord (agrafes « Sahara », « Algérie »,« Tunisie » and « Mauritanie »)
Médaille commémorative des operations de Suez (Commemorative medal of Suez operations)
Distinguished Service Cross (« U.S. »)
Commandeur de l'ordre national du Vietnam (Commander of the National Order of Vietnam)
Officier de l'ordre national du Vietnam (Officer of the National Order of Vietnam)
Norway Croix de Guerre (with sword)
Commandeur du Ouissam Alaouite (Commander of the Ouissam Alaouite)
Médaille commemorative de Norvège (Commemorative Medal of Norway)
Commandeur de l'ordre de l'Etoile noir D'Anjouan (Commander of the Back Star Order of Anjouan)
Croix de Vaillance Vietnamienne (1 palme) (Cross of Vietnamese Vaillance/ Bravery)
Mérite militaire de 1re Classe (1st Class Mexican Medal of Military Merit)
See also
Major (France)
French Foreign Legion Music Band (MLE)
Pierre Jeanpierre
Pierre Darmuzai
Jacques Morin
Saharan Méharistes Companies (méharistes sahariennes)
References
Sources
Répertoire des chefs de corps
Centre de documentation de la Légion étrangère
Répertoire des citations (BCAAM)
French military officers
1913 births
1974 deaths
Enneapogon is a cosmopolitan genus of plants in the grass family.
They are also called bottle washers or pappus grass. These perennial grass species are found in tropical and warm temperate areas. They have small, narrow inflorescences.
Species
Enneapogon asperatus - Queensland
Enneapogon avenaceus - bottle-washers - Australia
Enneapogon caerulescens - Australia
Enneapogon cenchroides - Africa, Madagascar, Arabian Peninsula, Indian Subcontinent
Enneapogon cylindricus - jointed nineawn - Australia
Enneapogon decipiens - Australia
Enneapogon desvauxii - nineawn pappusgrass - Africa, temperate Asia, southwestern United States, Mexico, Bolivia, Peru, Chile, Argentina
Enneapogon elegans - Burma, India
Enneapogon eremophilus - Northern Territory, Queensland
Enneapogon foxii - Israel
Enneapogon gracilis - slender bottle-washers - Queensland, New South Wales
Enneapogon intermedius - Australia
Enneapogon lindleyanus - conetop nineawn - Australia
Enneapogon nigricans - blackheads, niggerheads - Australia
Enneapogon pallidus - Australia, New Guinea, Lesser Sunda Islands
Enneapogon persicus - Xinjiang, Afghanistan, Jammu-Kashmir, Pakistan, Central Asia, Spain, Egypt, Algeria, tropical Africa, Middle East
Enneapogon polyphyllus - leafy nineawn - Australia
Enneapogon pretoriensis - Botswana to Free State, Limpopo, Mpumalanga
Enneapogon purpurascens - Western Australia, Northern Territory
Enneapogon robustissimus - Australia
Enneapogon scaber - Saudi Arabia, drier parts of Africa
Enneapogon scoparius - Yemen, Africa
Enneapogon spathaceus - Limpopo
Enneapogon truncatus - Queensland, New South Wales
Enneapogon virens - Queensland, New South Wales
References
External links
Poaceae genera
Taxa named by Palisot de Beauvois
Garnham Blaxcell (1778-3 October 1817) was a merchant and trader in the colony of New South Wales, Australia.
References
1778 births
1817 deaths
The 2019–20 season is Aldosivi's 2nd consecutive season in the top division of Argentine football. In addition to the Primera División, the club are competing in the Copa Argentina and Copa de la Superliga.
The season generally covers the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.
Review
Pre-season
On 13 June 2019, Aldosivi announced the signing of Leandro Maciel, who would join officially in July on loan from Lanús. Days after, the signings of defenders Marcos Miers and Fernando Evangelista were revealed by the club. 14 June saw Jefferson Mena join Rionegro Águilas. Their first outgoing was publicised in the preceding May, with goalkeeper Matías Vega agreeing a move to Primera B Nacional's Deportivo Riestra. Estudiantes' Gastón Gil Romero was snapped up on loan on 24 June, while Manuel Capasso did the opposite as they were loaned out to Platense. Cain Fara, a centre-back from Ferro Carril Oeste, joined on 25 June. Luciano Perdomo became their third departure on 26 June to Chacarita Juniors. Jonatan Benedetti returned from loan on 30 June.
Players who were in on loan last campaign returned to their parent clubs on and around 30 June. Left-back Lucas Kruspzky signed for Santamarina on 1 July. Juan Galeano moved away from Aldosivi on 2 July, penning a contract with newly-promoted Primera División outfit Central Córdoba; Ismael Quílez did likewise on 4 July. A sixth new signing was confirmed on 2 July, as Nazareno Solís was loaned from Boca Juniors. Consecutive 2–2 draws were played out in friendlies with Temperley on 6 July. Cristian Chávez was sold on 8 July, with fellow Primera División team Independiente buying him. Sebastián Rincón came in on loan from Vitória Guimarães of the Primeira Liga on 10 July. Aldosivi met Ferro Carril Oeste in matches on 10 July, losing both times.
Also on 10 July, Matías Pisano agreed to head to Colombia with América de Cali. Federico Andrada was next through the door for Aldosivi, as the centre-forward penned terms from Unión Santa Fe. They suffered a 4–0 defeat away to Independiente on 13 July. Juan Silva was captured by Villa San Carlos on 15 July, while Hernán Burbano arrived from Atlas later that day. Dardo Miloc went off to Patronato on 16 July. Román Martínez joined from San Lorenzo on 18 July, as Lucas Villalba made their loan spell permanent. Jonatan Benedetti headed back out on loan on 18 July, linking with All Boys. Quilmes beat Aldosivi in two friendlies on 20 July. Francisco Grahl, a player most recently with San Martín, secured a permanent deal with Aldosivi on 22 July.
Facundo Bertoglio, coming from Greece's Lamia, penned a contract with Aldosivi on 23 July.
July
Aldosivi's Primera División season started with a loss away to Estudiantes, with Jonathan Schunke condemning them to defeat on 29 July. On 30 July, Denis Stracqualursi headed to Atlético de Rafaela. On the same day, Estudiantes revealed a loan deal had been agreed with Aldosivi for Nicolás Bazzana; medical dependant. 31 July saw Bazzana officially join.
August
Gonzalo Verón completed a loan move from Independiente on 1 August. Argentinos Juniors visited Aldosivi's Estadio José María Minella in the Primera División on 3 August, subsequently taking a point away following a goalless tie. Gonzalo Verón gave Aldosivi a friendly victory over Atlético Camioneros on 9 August, though it was followed by a 1–2 defeat to the same opponents hours later. On 16 August, Super League Greece 2 side Apollon Smyrnis communicated the signing of Javier Iritier. Aldosivi failed to win any of their first three league fixtures, after extending their streak on 18 August with a defeat at La Bombonera to Boca Juniors. Aldosivi got their opening three points on the board on 26 August, as they thrashed Atlético Tucumán by three goals at home in Mar del Plata.
September
Aldosivi lost away to Talleres in the Primera División on 1 September, despite Nazareno Solís putting them ahead within the first minute.
Squad
Transfers
Domestic transfer windows:3 July 2019 to 24 September 201920 January 2020 to 19 February 2020.
Transfers in
Transfers out
Loans in
Loans out
Friendlies
Pre-season
Primera B Nacional's Quilmes scheduled pre-season friendlies with Aldosivi on 20 June 2019, with the matches set for 20 July in Mar del Plata. Aldosivi announced a slate of three friendlies on 24 June, as fixtures were set against Temperley (6 July), Independiente (13 July) and an opponent to be named (17 July) - though the latter was cancelled. Ferro Carril Oeste set a game with Aldosivi on 1 July.
Mid-season
Two friendlies with Atlético Camioneros were scheduled for 9 August. Aldosivi would travel to face Defensa y Justicia on 7 September.
Competitions
Primera División
League table
Relegation table
Source: AFA
Results summary
Matches
The fixtures for the 2019–20 campaign were released on 10 July.
Copa Argentina
Copa de la Superliga
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
Statistics accurate as of 2 September 2019.
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Aldosivi seasons
Aldosivi
Francis Needham, 1st Earl of Kilmorey (5 April 1748 – 21 November 1832), known as Francis Needham until 1818 and as The Viscount Kilmorey from 1818 to 1822, was an Anglo-Irish soldier and Member of Parliament.
Kilmorey was the third son of John Needham, 10th Viscount Kilmorey, and Anne (née Hurleston). They entered the British Army in 1762 and served in the American War of Independence, where they were taken prisoner at the Siege of Yorktown in 1781. They also fought in the French Revolutionary Wars but is best remembered for their role during the Irish Rebellion of 1798. They were in overall command at the Battle of Arklow and commanded one of the five columns at the Battle of Vinegar Hill. In 1804, they were appointed Colonel of the 5th Royal Veteran Battalion. They were promoted to colonel for life of the 86th Foot in 1810 and to general in 1812.
From 1806 to 1818 Kilmorey also represented Newry in the House of Commons. They succeeded their elder brother in the viscountcy in 1818 but as this was an Irish peerage it did not entitle them to a seat in the House of Lords. In 1822 they were honoured when they were made Viscount Newry and Mourne, in the County of Down, and Earl of Kilmorey. Both titles were in the Peerage of Ireland.
Lord Kilmorey married Anne, daughter of Thomas Fisher (1765–1816), in 1787. They had two sons and eight daughters:
Francis, 2nd Earl of Kilmorey (1787–1880)
Lady Frances Margaretta Anne (1789–1789)
Lady Anna Maria Elizabeth (1790–1866)
Lady Amelia (1791–1860)
Lady Frances Elizabeth (1792–1890)
Lady Selina (1794–1876)
Lady Georgiana (1795–1888)
Lady Alicia Mary (1796–1885)
Francis Henry William (1799–1868)
Lady Mabella Josephine (1801–1899)
They died in November 1832, aged 84, and was succeeded in their titles by their eldest son Francis.
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990.
www.thepeerage.com
External links
|-
1748 births
1832 deaths
British Army personnel of the American Revolutionary War
British Army personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
British Army generals
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Newry (1801–1918)
People of the Irish Rebellion of 1798
UK MPs 1806–1807
UK MPs 1807–1812
UK MPs 1812–1818
Kilmorey, E1
UK MPs who were granted peerages
Earls of Kilmorey
Peers of Ireland created by George IV
Nuuksio National Park (, ) is one of Finland's 40 national parks. Established in 1994, the park spreads over an area of forests and lakes in Espoo, Kirkkonummi and Vihti. North-west from Helsinki, it is the second-closest national park to the capital behind the recently established Sipoonkorpi National Park. The name is derived from the Nuuksio district of Espoo.
Located less than 30 kilometers from downtown Helsinki, the park can easily be reached by public transportation. Bus 245A leaves from Espoon keskus to Nuuksionpää and Kattila during daytime.
Within the park there are eight marked trails for hiking. These trails vary in length and difficulty, being between 1.5 km and 17 km long. In addition, there are 30 km of biking trails and 22 km of horse riding trails. Designated spots for grilling, camping and skiing are scattered across the park.
The Siberian flying squirrel (Pteromys volans) is the emblem of the national park due to their high population density in the park.
The national park comprises the westernmost part of the so-called Nuuksio lake highlands. Dozens of endangered or near threatened species animals, plants and fungi are known to inhabit the area, for instance the Siberian flying squirrel, the European nightjar and the woodlark.
See also
Districts of Espoo
List of national parks of Finland
Sipoonkorpi National Park
Protected areas of Finland
References
External links
Nuuksio National Park – Finland, Naturally
Nuuksio National Park – Natureparks.fi
Espoo
Protected areas established in 1994
Geography of Uusimaa
Tourist attractions in Uusimaa
National parks of Finland
cs:Nuuksio
sri divya receives positive comments for their role
Nagarpuram is a 2013 Tamil-language romance film directed by N.P. Sarathy and starring Sridivya and Akhil, and the music was composed by Arul Dev, whose music for the film received positive response. The film was shot in 2012 as Sarathy's directorial debut.
Plot
Cast
Sridivya as Priya
Akhil as Suriya
Reception
References
External links
Nagarpuram at Filmibeat
2010s Tamil-language films
Lanka Hospital (formerly Apollo Hospital Sri Lanka) is multi-speciality tertiary care hospital in Sri Lanka and is one of the largest private hospitals in the country. That is a subsidiary of Sri Lanka Insurance Corporation. The company's previously owned by Apollo Hospitals. It was founded by Dr Pratap C. Reddy in India. It is situated on Elvitigala Mawatha, also known as Baseline Road, which is a direct route from Colombo's international airport. It is also only a few minutes drive from central Colombo. The hospital was commissioned in 2002 as a branch of Apollo Hospitals India. The hospital was taken over by Sri Lanka Insurance in 2006. In 2009, it was renamed Lanka Hospitals after it ended a licensing and support services agreement with Apollo Hospitals.
There are approximately 350 beds at the hospital including four intensive care units (medical, cardiothoracic, renal and neonatal). The wards are divided into either individual rooms or cubicles with six beds each, depending on the patients' choice.
References
External links
Companies listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange
Hospital buildings completed in 2002
Hospitals established in 2002
Health care companies of Sri Lanka
Private hospitals in Sri Lanka
2002 establishments in Sri Lanka
Hospitals in Colombo
Kolmikärki (Trident) is CMX's 1990 debut album. Notwithstanding the punk roots of the early CMX, the musical style of the album varies greatly. There's hardcore, heavy metal, acid rock, some jazz, ballads and even a waltz. A. W. Yrjänä's lyrics on the album contain a lot of religious imagery for which the band is still known. The lyrics have been influenced by a variety of religions, including Buddhism and Christianity, as well as drawing influence from shamanism. CMX's music has changed significantly since this early album, but their enthusiasm for experimenting with different musical styles has lived on.
The CD version of Kolmikärki released by Bad Vugum also contains the Raivo EP originally published in 1989. The "Gold" version of the album, released in 2002 contains both Raivo and CMX's first EP, Johannes Kastaja, originally released in 1987.
Track listing
Music and lyrics by A. W. Yrjänä, arranged by CMX.
"Johdatus salatieteisiin" – 4:05 ("Introduction to the Occult")
"Sika ja perkele" – 2:25 ("Pig and the Devil")
"Nahkaparturi" – 1:51 ("Skinbarber")
"Kaikki nämä kädet" – 2:30 ("All These Hands")
"Götterdämmerung" – 2:05
"Kuolemattomuuden ääni" – 2:02 ("The Voice of Immortality")
"Pyydä mahdotonta" – 2:57 ("Ask for the Impossible")
"Pyörivät sähkökoneet" – 3:26 ("Rotating Electrical Machines")
"Taivas ja helvetti" – 2:19 ("Heaven and Hell")
"Voittamaton" – 2:05 ("Unbeatable")
"Suuri äiti" – 3:48 ("The Great Mother")
"Kolmas Johannes" – 1:51 ("The Third John")
"Hiljaisuuden pelko" – 1:35 ("Fear of Silence")
"Liekkisusi, sulkakäärme" – 6:07 ("Flamewolf, Feathersnake")
Credits
Pekka Kanniainen - Drums
A. W. Yrjänä - Bass, Vocals
Kimmo Suomalainen - Guitars
Visitors
Tepa Lukkarinen - Lead guitar ("Pyörivät sähkökoneet")
See also
CMX discography
Notes
1990 albums
CMX (band) albums
fi:Kolmikärki
Kısalar, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
The 2021 MBC Drama Awards (), presented by Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation (MBC) was held on December 30, 2021. Kim Sung-joo hosted the award ceremony second year in succession. It was aired on December 30, 2021, at 21.00 (KST). Namgoong Min won the Grand Prize for The Veil.
Winners and nominees
Winners denoted in bold
Presenters
Performances
See also
2021 KBS Drama Awards
2021 SBS Drama Awards
7th APAN Star Awards
References
External links
2021 television awards
MBC Drama Awards
2021 in South Korean television
December 2021 events in South Korea
MBC TV original programming
Mandaveli (also known as Mandavelli or Mandavelipakkam) is a neighborhood in Chennai, India. It is also termed usually as Mandavelipakkam which in the Tamil language "Mandhai" is 'herd of cattle' and "Veli" is 'grassland'.
Location
Mandaveli is located close to the locality of Mylapore. It is bordered by Mylapore in the north, Santhome (and MRC Nagar) in the east and RA Puram in the south and in the west. It derives its name from a literal translation with reference to the rearing of cows "mandhai" meaning - "herd" and " Veli" which means open space in Tamil. On the west side it is surrounded by Alwarpet. Mandaveli is predominantly a residential area with the main "landmarks" being the 150-year-old Kapali talkies, the Airtel regional office of Tamil Nadu, the Ponds regional head office, Hindustan Lever, and others like Greenways road & boat club. Due to its proximity to the temple dense Mylapore, Mandaveli is home to a large number of Brahmins. Mandavelipakkam is seen as a residential and business area located between Santhome (which is home to the San Thome Basilica) to the north and Adyar to its south. St. John's high school is a prominent educational institution in this area. Mandaveli MRTS station is built on the MRTS railway line which connects it to Chennai central beach station at the north end and Velachery to the south. Several old buildings are being demolished to make way for newer structures like the Kabali Theatre, which is located near Mandaveli bus stand has been changed into a big apartment. And some other residential buildings also have been changed for business structures.
To the east is Karpagam Avenue — a mostly residential area which is home to the India Cements Towers. Opposite Karpagam Avenue is Mayor Ramanathan Chettiar Nagar (MRC Nagar). This is a newly developing huge area beside the beach. Big corporations and five-star hotels have set up office here. The Sun TV Network (located in the Murasoli Maran Towers), TVH Bellicia Tower, The India Cements Building and iconic Mayor Ramanathan Chettiar Marriage Hall and Conference Centre are a few important buildings located here. The JW Marriott Hotel and Leela Palace Hotel are some of the notable landmarks.
References
Neighbourhoods in Chennai
Asadullah Sa'adati () is an ethnic Hazara politician in Afghanistan. They were the representative of this province during the 16th term of Afghanistan Parliament.
Early life
Asadullah Saadati was born on 2 April 1974 in Shahristan District of Daykundi province.
They completed their school education in their city in Daikundi and obtained a bachelor's degree in (Dari-Persian) language from Kabul University in 2005.
See also
List of Hazara people
Notes
Living people
1974 births
Hazara politicians
Hezbe Wahdat politicians
People from Daykundi Province
Kabul University alumni
Amor is a 1982 CBS album by Julio Iglesias. It charted in the UK at No. 14 in 1983.
Track listing
"Amor" – Gabriel Ruiz, Norman Newell, Ricardo López 3:20
So Close To Me – Julio Iglesias, Norman Newell, Rafael Ferro 3:35
Momentos y – Julio Iglesias, Ramón Arcusa, Tony Renis 3:33
La Paloma – Traditional Julio Iglesias, Ramón Arcusa 4:54
Las Cosas Que Tiene La Vida Danny Daniel 3:30
Nathalie Julio Iglesias, Ramón Arcusa 3:57
Quijote – Gianni Belfiore, Julio Iglesias, Manuel De La Calva, Ramón Arcusa 4:01
L'Amour Fragile – Pierre Carrel, Ray Girado 3:24
No Me Vuelvo A Enamorar – Fernán Martínez, Julio Iglesias, Ramón Arcusa 3:48
Con La Misma Piedra – Massias (Ketepao) 3:58
Esa Mujer – Fernán Martínez, Julio Iglesias, Rafael Ferro, Ramón Arcusa 4:06
Si El Amor Llama A Tu Puerta – Ray Girado 3:36
Certifications
References
1982 albums
Julio Iglesias albums
Ignacio Alfaro Arregui (3 May 1918 – 24 July 2000) was a Spanish military officer who served as Chief of the Defence High Command between 1978 and 1980, and as President of the Board of Joint Chiefs of Staff between 1978 and 1982. The offices they held made them chief of staff of the Spanish Armed Forces at the time.
References
1918 births
2000 deaths
People from Burgos
Spanish military personnel
Spanish lieutenant generals
USS Great Western was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. They were used by the Union Navy as an ammunition ship in support of the Union Navy.
Purchased for use as an ammunition ship
Great Western, a sidewheel steamer, was built at Cincinnati, Ohio, in 1857 and was purchased by the U.S. War Department 10 February 1862. They were transferred to the Union Navy 30 September 1862, but had been used since their purchase by the Western Flotilla.
Supplying Union ships on the Mississippi with ammunition
Great Western was used as an ordnance boat for the Navy on the western waters, and in that capacity operated from Cairo, Illinois, to various points on the Mississippi River and its tributaries. They supplied ships at the mouths of the White and Arkansas Rivers with ammunition and ordnance, and occasionally fired at Confederate batteries ashore in the almost daily engagements in keeping open the far-spreading river highway system by which the Union divided and destroyed the South.
While with the Mortar Flotilla 30 July 1862 they fired on cavalry attacking the boats near the mouth of the Arkansas River and succeeded in driving them off.
Supporting Vicksburg campaign operations
During 1862 and the first half of 1863, the overriding concern of Union forces was the capture of Vicksburg, and Great Western spent much of their time during this period near the mouth of the Yazoo River above the city in support of combined operations there.
Post-Vicksburg campaign operations
They provided support for the joint attacks of December 1862 above the city, and remained in the area until the Confederate stronghold fell in July 1863. Following the fall of Vicksburg, Great Western continued their duties as supply ship for the squadron, being stationed at Skipwith's Landing, Mississippi, and Goodrich's Landing, Louisiana. In July 1864 they were sent back to Cairo, Illinois, to act as a receiving ship.
Post-war decommissioning and sale
Great Western was transferred as receiving ship, Mound City, Illinois, in March 1865, and was subsequently sold at auction there to John Riley 29 November 1865.
References
Ships of the Union Navy
Ships built in Cincinnati
Steamships of the United States Navy
Ammunition ships of the United States Navy
American Civil War auxiliary ships of the United States
1857 ships
The Bangladesh Liberation War ( Muktijuddho) was a revolutionary independence war in South Asia during 1971 which established the republic of Bangladesh. The war pitted East Pakistan against West Pakistan, and lasted over a duration of nine months. It witnessed large-scale atrocities, the exodus of 10 million refugees and the indiscriminate killing of 3 million people.
The war broke out on 26 March 1971, when the Pakistani Army launched a military operation called Operation Searchlight against Bengali civilians, students, intelligentsia and armed personnel, who were demanding that the Pakistani military junta accept the results of the 1970 first democratic elections of Pakistan, which were won by an eastern party, or to allow separation between East and West Pakistan. Bengali politicians and army officers announced the declaration of Bangladesh's independence in response to Operation Searchlight. Bengali military, paramilitary and civilians formed the Mukti Bahini ("Liberation Army"), which engaged in guerrilla warfare against Pakistani forces. The Pakistan Army, in collusion with religious extremist militias (the Razakars, Al-Badr and Al-Shams), engaged in the systematic genocide and atrocities of Bengali civilians, particularly nationalists, intellectuals, youth and religious minorities. Bangladesh government-in-exile was set up in the city of Calcutta (now Kolkata) in the Indian state of West Bengal.
India entered the war on 3 December 1971, after Pakistan launched pre-emptive air strikes on northern India. Overwhelmed by two war fronts, Pakistani defences soon collapsed. On 16 December, the Allied Forces of Bangladesh and India defeated Pakistan in the east. The subsequent surrender resulted in the largest number of prisoners-of-war since World War II.
Foreign reaction
United Nations
Though the United Nations condemned the human rights violations during and following Operation Searchlight, it failed to defuse the situation politically before the start of the war.
Following Sheikh Mujibur Rahman's declaration of independence in March 1971, India undertook a worldwide campaign to drum up political, democratic and humanitarian support for the people of Bangladesh for their liberation struggle. Prime Minister Indira Gandhi toured a large number of countries in a bid to create awareness of the Pakistani atrocities against Bengalis. This effort was to prove vital later during the war, in framing the world's context of the war and to justify military action by India. Also, following Pakistan's defeat, it ensured prompt recognition of the newly independent state of Bangladesh.
Following India's entry into the war, Pakistan, fearing certain defeat, made urgent appeals to the United Nations to intervene and force India to agree to a cease fire. The UN Security Council assembled on 4 December 1971 to discuss the hostilities in South Asia. After lengthy discussions on 7 December, the United States made a resolution for "immediate cease-fire and withdrawal of troops". While supported by the majority, the USSR vetoed the resolution twice and the United Kingdom and France abstained on the resolution.
On 12 December, with Pakistan facing imminent defeat, the United States requested that the Security Council be reconvened. Pakistan's Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister, Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, was rushed to New York City to make the case for a resolution on the cease fire. The council continued deliberations for four days. By the time proposals were finalised, Pakistan's forces in the East had surrendered and the war had ended, making the measures merely academic. Bhutto, frustrated by the failure of the resolution and the inaction of the United Nations, ripped up their speech and left the council.
Most UN member nations were quick to recognise Bangladesh within months of its independence.
India
India was one of the first countries to recognize Bangladesh as a separate and independent state and established diplomatic relations with the country immediately after its independence in December 1971.
Bhutan
Bhutan became the first country in the world to recognize the newly independent state on 6 December 1971. Muhammad Ullah, the President of Bangladesh, visited Bhutan accompanied by their wife to attend the coronation of Jigme Singye Wangchuck, the fourth King of Bhutan in June 1974.
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma) was one of the first countries to recognize Bangladesh.
USA and USSR
The United States supported Pakistan both politically and materially. US President Richard Nixon denied getting involved in the situation, saying that it was an internal matter of Pakistan, but when Pakistan's defeat seemed certain, Nixon sent the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise to the Bay of Bengal, a move deemed by the Indians as a nuclear threat. Enterprise arrived on station on 11 December 1971. Declassified Indian Air Force documents reveal the Indians were planning a kamikaze like strike attack using B1 Canbbera Bombers, however, on 6 and 13 December, the Soviet Navy dispatched two groups of ships, armed with nuclear missiles, from Vladivostok; they trailed US Task Force 74 in the Indian Ocean from 18 December until 7 January 1972.
Nixon and Henry Kissinger feared Soviet expansion into South and Southeast Asia. Pakistan was a close ally of the People's Republic of China, with whom Nixon had been negotiating a rapprochement and which they intended to visit in February 1972. Nixon feared that an Indian invasion of West Pakistan would mean total Soviet domination of the region, and that it would seriously undermine the global position of the United States and the regional position of America's new tacit ally, China. To demonstrate to China the bona fides of the United States as an ally, and in direct violation of the US Congress-imposed sanctions on Pakistan, Nixon sent military supplies to Pakistan and routed them through Jordan and Iran, while also encouraging China to increase its arms supplies to Pakistan. The Nixon administration also ignored reports it received of the genocidal activities of the Pakistani Army in East Pakistan, most notably the Blood telegram.
The Soviet Union supported Bangladesh and Indian armies, as well as the Mukti Bahini during the war, recognising that the independence of Bangladesh would weaken the position of its rivals – the United States and China. It gave assurances to India that if a confrontation with the United States or China developed, the USSR would take countermeasures. This was enshrined in the Indo-Soviet friendship treaty signed in August 1971. The Soviets also sent a nuclear submarine to ward off the threat posed by USS Enterprise in the Indian Ocean.
At the end of the war, the Warsaw Pact countries were among the first to recognise Bangladesh. The Soviet Union accorded recognition to Bangladesh on 25 January 1972. The United States delayed recognition for some months, before according it on 8 April 1972.
Pakistan
Pakistan, which Bangladesh had gained independence from in the 1971 war, didn't recognise the country until it was pressured by other Muslim-majority nations. Bangladesh's founder Sheikh Mujibur Rahman was kept imprisoned by Pakistani authorities even after the end of war, before being released in January 1972. The recognition issue had been stuck over Pakistan wanting to avoid any of its nationals being tried for war crimes. Muslim-majority countries including Jordan, Egypt, Indonesia and Saudi Arabia however pressured it because they wanted to fix this discord that had emerged in the Islamic world. Foreign ministers of seven nations went to Bangladesh to convince it to drop its planned trials. Pakistan's Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto on 22 February 1974, officially announced recognition of the country during a speech before a Lahore television studio filled to the capacity, and got emotional while speaking. They added that while they didn't like it, Bangladesh's independence was a reality. In return, Bangladesh agreed to attend the Organisation of Islamic Conference summit to be held that year in Lahore.
Bhutto landed in Bangladesh for a visit on 27 June 1974, the first visit by a Pakistani leader since the 1971 war. The two discussed division of assets between the two nations and Pakistan accepting more non-Bengalis from the country. Relations between the two countries remained lukewarm however because of the dispute on assets and the issues of the Bihari Muslims. After the 15 August 1975 Bangladesh coup d'état, Pakistan immediately recognized the new government and relations improved. Ambassadorial relations were established in January 1976 with Bangladeshi ambassador Zahiruddin and Pakistani ambassador Mohammad Khurshid assuming their respective posts.
China
As a long-standing ally of Pakistan, the People's Republic of China reacted with alarm to the evolving situation in East Pakistan and the prospect of India invading West Pakistan and Pakistani-administered Kashmir. Believing that just such an Indian attack was imminent, Nixon encouraged China to mobilise its armed forces along its border with India to discourage it. The Chinese did not, however, respond to this encouragement, because unlike the 1962 Sino-Indian War when India was caught entirely unaware, this time the Indian Army was prepared and had deployed eight mountain divisions to the Sino-Indian border to guard against such an eventuality. China instead threw its weight behind demands for an immediate ceasefire.
When Bangladesh applied for membership to the United Nations in 1972, China vetoed their application because two United Nations resolutions regarding the repatriation of Pakistani prisoners of war and civilians had not yet been implemented. China was also among the last countries to recognise independent Bangladesh, refusing to do so until 31 August 1975.
List of countries in order of their recognition of Bangladesh
The list of the countries that recognized Bangladesh are listed according to their order in The Congressional Record (9 February 1972) of Senate.
Notes
References
Foreign relations of Bangladesh
Diplomatic recognition
Aftermath of the Bangladesh Liberation War
Irven "Jack" Brod (November 29, 1909 – January 6, 2008) was an American business person and innovator. They were the President of Empire Diamond and Gold Buying Service, a New York City-based jewelry business, which they established with their father in the Empire State Building two months after its opening in 1931. Brod was a tenant of the Empire State Building for around 77 years, and was the last remaining original tenant at the time of their death.
Early life
Brod was born in Newnan, Georgia to parents who emigrated from Russia and changed their last name from "Brodsky". Brod attended the University of Alabama, although they did not continue their studies after moving to New York City with their family prior to graduation. Before partnering with their father, Alexander, in leading the Empire Diamond and Gold Buying Service, Brod was employed as a private investigator, among other professions.
During World War II, after forming the business in New York, Brod served in the Army Air Corps as a corporal. They were assigned by the Corps to England, where they loaded bombs into aircraft. During their assignment, they purchased rare antiques and collectibles from the formerly-wealthy owners of English houses who had suffered due to the war and the Great Depression. Brod shipped the items back to the United States by boat for sale and private collection.
Professional career
The Empire State Building was opened by U.S. President Herbert Hoover on May 1, 1931. Two months later, on July 1, 1931, Brod and their father moved into the seventh floor and established what became the Empire Diamond and Gold Buying Service (commonly known as Empire Diamond), making use of the name of the building it occupied for radio advertising purposes. The first office was in area, and at the time of the establishment of the business, work was still being completed on the interior of the building in the lobby and the upper parts of the tower.
Following their duties in the Army Air Corps during World War II, Brod returned to their business. They innovated, producing new ideas including one of the earliest jewelry catalogs and a toll-free telephone service for diamond orders. During Brod's life, their business moved locations within the tower, moving up as the business succeeded. Their company moved up to the 14th floor, before relocating to the 15th and then the 66th. During 2001, Brod invested in another move—to the 76th floor—which was the final before their death in 2008.
Brod was, as of 2008, the longest-ever tenant of the Empire State Building, and was also the last of the original tenants to end tenancy in the building (either through death or relocation to another site).
Personal life
Brod had an interest in boating, and sailed well into their 80s. They owned a boatyard on City Island in the Bronx, and also owned a boat production factory in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. They were married and divorced three times, and was survived by two sons and two daughters, and three grandchildren.
Brod died at their home in Manhattan on January 6, 2008 at the age of 98.
References
1909 births
2008 deaths
American business executives
United States Army Air Forces soldiers
United States Army personnel of World War II
American jewellers
Empire State Building
Mexican Boarders is a 1962 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon short directed by Friz Freleng. The short was released on May 12, 1962, and stars Speedy Gonzales and Sylvester. Voice actors are Mel Blanc (doing the voices of Sylvester and Speedy), and Tom Holland as the narrator.
The cartoon has Sylvester trying to catch Speedy in a house they share in Mexico. Sylvester switches targets when Slowpoke Rodriguez, Speedy's cousin, comes to visit. This is the second and final classic Looney Tunes short (after Mexicali Shmoes) to feature Slowpoke Rodriguez.
Plot
Speedy Gonzales, "the fastest mouse in all Mexico", is living in the "fine hacienda of José Álvaro Meléndez" in an unnamed "big city" in Mexico where fellow resident Sylvester the Cat (dubbed "Sylverro Gato" here) is "the most pooped cat in all Mexico" from their futile attempts to catch Speedy. They eat pep pills for energy to catch the mouse, to no effect. Their pursuit is interrupted when Speedy's country cousin, Slowpoke Rodriguez, knocks on the door.
Taller, thinner, and slower talking than Speedy, Slowpoke arrives carrying a bindle stick and singing "La Cucaracha". Sylvester, seeing easier prey, lets Slowpoke into the hacienda where they are quickly rescued by Speedy. Complaining of hunger, Slowpoke sets out for the kitchen to get food only to be rescued again by Speedy. Speedy successfully raids the kitchen for cheese but Slowpoke complains that their cousin forgot the Tabasco sauce. During this second raid, Sylvester paints the floor with glue and actually catches Speedy but winds up swallowing the hot sauce, not the mouse, and Speedy escapes.
After a very large meal, Slowpoke announces that he's ready for dessert. An incredulous Speedy makes another raid on the pantry where Sylvester has put up a wire mesh to stop the mice. Speedy runs right through the large holes with Sylvester right behind, stretching the mesh but passing through apparently unharmed. As the chase continues, Sylvester falls to pieces one cube at a time.
That night, as Slowpoke and Speedy go to sleep in bunk beds made from match boxes, Slowpoke says he's still hungry and gets up to stage their own kitchen raid over Speedy's objections. Slowpoke reassures him, "maybe Slowpoke is pretty slow downstairs in the feet, but they are pretty fast upstairs in the cabeza." Sylvester does swiftly capture Slowpoke but the mouse instantly mesmerizes the cat, making them an unwilling servant to bring them food and cool them with a fan. ("I like your pussycat friend. He's nice and stupid.")
Other media
Portions of this short were edited into the 1964 short Road to Andalay and the 1982 feature film Bugs Bunny's 3rd Movie: 1001 Rabbit Tales.
Home media
The unedited cartoon was released on DVD in November 2006 on the third disc of Looney Tunes Golden Collection: Volume 4. This DVD release includes a commentary track by animator Greg Ford.
See also
List of American films of 1962
References
External links
Looney Tunes shorts
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
1962 films
Films scored by Milt Franklyn
1962 animated films
1962 short films
Short films directed by Friz Freleng
Speedy Gonzales films
Sylvester the Cat films
Animated films about cats
Animated films about mice
Films set in Mexico
1960s Warner Bros. animated short films
1960s English-language films
Films about hypnosis
Mari Hemmer (; born 20 November 1983) is a Norwegian long-track speed skater, with particular strength in the longer distances 3000 m and 5000 m.  They are the Norwegian Allround Champion for 2005, 2007, 2008, 2010, the Norwegian Sprint Champion for 2005, 2009, 2010, and has also won numerous gold, silver, and bronze medals from national championships at single distances. Along with fellow skaters Maren Haugli and Hege Bøkko, Hemmer has in recent years represented Norway at the European Championships, the World Allround Championships and the World Single Distance Championships, as well as in the World Cup. Hemmer is the holder of the current Norwegian record on 10000 m.
Speed skating
In March 2009, Hemmer broke their own national record in the 10000 m, improving the time from 14:50.52 to 14:47.49. The feat was carried out just hours after having skated the 5000 m in 7:13.50, making them one of the few skaters ever who have run both the 5000 m and 10000 m on the same day. The time is still the current Norwegian record.
As of April 2011, Hemmer is the 3rd best ever Norwegian female skater, as per the Adelskalender, after Maren Haugli and Ida Njåtun. Them rank on the international Adelskalender, as of after the 2010–11 season, is 46.
Personal records
Career highlights
World Allround Championships
2008 – Berlin, 18th
European Allround Championships
2007 – Collalbo, 18th
2008 – Kolomna, 16th
World Junior Allround Championships
1999 – Geithus, 38th
2001 – Groningen, 25th
2002 – Collalbo, 31st
2003 – Kushiro, 19th
National Championships
2003 – Geithus, 2nd at 3000 m
2003 – Geithus, 1st at 5000 m
2004 – Geithus, 3rd at 3000 m
2004 – Geithus, 3rd at 1500 m
2004 – Geithus, 2nd at 5000 m
2004 – Asker, 2nd at sprint
2005 – Larvik, 1st at 5000 m
2005 – Drammen, 1st at allround
2005 – Trondheim, 1st at sprint
2006 – Hamar, 3rd at 1500 m
2006 – Hamar, 3rd at 3000 m
2007 – Hamar, 2nd at 3000 m
2007 – Geithus, 1st at allround
2008 – Bjugn, 1st at allround
2009 – Hamar, 3rd at 500 m
2009 – Hamar, 2nd at 1500 m
2009 – Hamar, 2nd at 3000 m
2009 – Gol, 1st at 5000 m
2009 – Gol, 2nd at allround
2009 – Valle Hovin, 1st at sprint
2010 – Hamar, 3rd at 1500 m
2010 – Hamar, 1st at 3000 m
2010 – Hamar, 1st at 5000 m
2010 – Hamar, 1st at sprint
2010 – Bergen, 1st at allround
2011 – Hamar, 3rd at 1500 m
2011 – Hamar, 2nd at 3000 m
2011 – Frogner Stadion, 1st at 5000 m
2011 – Frogner Stadion, 2nd at allround
2012 – Stavanger, 3rd at 1500 m
2012 – Stavanger, 3rd at 3000 m
2012 – Stavanger, 1st at 5000 m
Nordic Junior Games
2000 – Chemnitz, 2nd at 3000 m
2002 – Deventer, 3rd at 3000 m
2002 – Deventer, 2nd at 1500 m
European Youth-23 Games
2004 – Gothenburg, 3rd at 5000 m
2005 – Helsinki, 2nd at 5000 m
References
External links
Hemmer at Jakub Majerski's Speedskating Database
Hemmer at SkateResults.com
Photos of Hemmer at DESG
1983 births
Norwegian female speed skaters
Speed skaters at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of Norway
Sportspeople from Oslo
Living people
Urodon is a small genus from the family Fabaceae native to southwestern Australia.
References
Mirbelioids
Fabales of Australia
Rosids of Western Australia
Fabaceae genera
Taxa named by Nikolai Turczaninow
A village ( or ) is the third and lowest administrative division of Brunei. It is headed by a village head (). Several villages are grouped together to form a mukim. A village is generally the traditional rural settlement, in particular in the sense of a kampong or Malay traditional village, but it may also be an urbanised settlement within or near the capital city or a town, or part of the public housing estates. The population varies from hundreds to a few thousands.
Administration
Villages are administered under the district office of the district where they belong.
A village is headed by a village head (). It is an elected position, whereby the populace nominates candidates to the district office and votes among the approved nominees. The nominee may be of an age between 30 and 55 years old. The elected person shall be in office for up to ten years.
A village may also have a Village Consultative Council (), the local equivalent of community association. A key outcome of the council is One Village One Product (, abbreviated as "1K1P"), which promotes local goods produced in the village.
Characteristics
A typical Bruneian village may have basic socio-economic infrastructures which are similar to other villages elsewhere but may also be unique to Brunei or countries which have predominantly Islamic Malay culture. For communal purposes, there may be a or , the local equivalent of a community centre. A Bruneian village typically has a primary school. Because the majority of Brunei's population is Muslims, many villages have mosques, particularly serving the need of Jumu'ah or congregational Friday prayers, as well as a religious primary school for its resident Muslim pupils. There are also at least a grocery store present in many villages, as well as a few other miscellaneous shops such as eateries, tailors, and barbers or salons.
Variation
A village may have population ranging from hundreds to less than ten thousand people. Also, not all of the socio-economic amenities are present in every village. Some villages do not have primary and/or religious primary school – prospective resident pupils go to the schools in nearby villages. Some village subdivisions are simply designated public housing areas but having the population size comparable to a village. Other villages, especially in the more urban areas, may be large enough to function socio-economically as towns but without any municipal body. Several villages may also be part of municipal areas of Bandar Seri Begawan and other district towns, thus the populaces may also be subjected under the jurisdiction of respective municipal departments.
Kampong Ayer
Even though Kampong Ayer has the term '' in its name, it is not officially a village subdivision. In fact, Kampong Ayer is made up of several villages constituting a few subdistricts.
See also
List of villages in Brunei
References
Subdivisions of Brunei
Brunei 3
Villages, Brunei
Brunei geography-related lists
Borneo
Tekno Autosports was an Australian motor racing team, established in the 1990s initially for the motor racing activities of Stephen Webb, and later their son Jonathon Webb. The team competes in the Supercars Championship using two Holden ZB Commodores built by Triple Eight Race Engineering. Fabian Coulthard and Garry Jacobson are the team's current drivers. At the end of 2021, the Supercars team was sold to Peter Xiberras and rebranded PremiAir Racing.
In 2016, the team won both the Bathurst 12 Hour and Bathurst 1000.
History
Formed originally as a Porsche team running in the Australian Porsche Cup by Steve Webb, having previously raced Kaditchas in the Australian Sports Car Championship and Ralts in the Australian Drivers' Championship. Webb raced Porsches with modest success for several seasons, moving into the Australian Nations Cup Championship, a GT based racing series, in 2000. Gradually as the 2000s progressed the team's emphasis shifted from Steve to Jonathon as they emerged through the ranks of Australian motor racers. Jonathon Webb joined the Australian Carrera Cup Championship when it was formed in 2003 and finished third in their best ever season in 2005.
V8 Supercar Development Series
For 2007, Tekno moved into the second-tier Fujitsu V8 Supercar Series and operated a Ford BA Falcon in the series with the assistance of Stone Brothers Racing. Under the racing number of #94, Webb placed fourth for the season. This relationship continued into 2008, with Webb placing third. In 2009, Tekno wound down as an operational racing team with Webb moving to the MW Motorsport team.
Supercars Championship
In 2010 Tekno entered what was then known as the V8 Supercar Championship Series with a Racing Entitlement Contract (REC) purchased from Tasman Motorsport. It linked up with veteran Queensland Ford racing team, Dick Johnson Racing with Webb racing a former Craig Lowndes Triple Eight Race Engineering Ford FG Falcon as #19. Mid-season, the team attained a title sponsor, Mother Energy Drinks. David Russell joined the team for the endurance events, the Phillip Island 500 and Bathurst 1000. Sebastian Bourdais joined the team for the Gold Coast 600. At the final event of the year, the 2010 Sydney Telstra 500, the team recorded their first win, with Webb winning the rain-affected Saturday race.
Tekno severed their relationship with Dick Johnson Racing in 2011 and became an independent single car team, still utilising the #19. The team maintained the sponsorship links with Mother Energy Drinks and had their engines built by InnoV8 Race Engines. Richard Lyons was the endurance co-driver for Phillip Island and Bathurst, with Gil de Ferran joining Webb for the Gold Coast 600.
The 2012 season saw the team expand to two cars which included a move to Holden and becoming a Triple Eight Race Engineering customer. Webb continued to drive the #19 car, with Michael Patrizi recruited to drive the #91 Commodore with a REC leased from Paul Morris Motorsport. Scott McLaughlin and Jonny Reid were the endurance drivers for Sandown and Bathurst, with Marc Lieb and Lucas di Grassi joining Webb and Patrizi respectively on the Gold Coast. Webb finished the 2012 season in 12th Position, with Patrizi in 18th despite competing without a full-time title sponsor all year.
Michael Patrizi was replaced in 2013 with Shane van Gisbergen, in a controversial move after van Gisbergen was granted a release from their Stone Brothers Racing contract on the basis they wanted time away from the sport. Both entries acquired new sponsors, with Darrell Lea sponsoring Webb's car #19 and VIP Petfoods van Gisbergen's #97 entry. Van Gisbergen quickly established themselves a race winning threat in the team's new Triple Eight constructed Holden VF Commodore taking victory at Race 2 at the 2013 Clipsal 500 and Sydney 500. Webb also won the Skycity Triple Crown event despite not winning a race over the weekend. For the newly introduced Enduro Cup, Marc Lieb returned to join Webb, with Jeroen Bleekemolen joining van Gisbergen.
For 2014, the team returned to a single car operation with the leased REC returned to Paul Morris Motorsport and van Gisbergen driving the single entry to finish second in the championship. Webb joined van Gisbergen in the Enduro Cup, and after starting from pole, the pair were leading the 2014 Bathurst 1000 in the closing stages before a starter motor failed, leaving the car stuck in the pits for several minutes. In both 2014 and 2015, van Gisbergen and Webb won one race of the Gold Coast 600. Van Gisbergen finished fourth in the 2015 championship, only adding another race win at the Sydney 500 to their Gold Coast victory.
In 2016, Will Davison replaced van Gisbergen. The move brought near-immediate success, with the team winning the second round of the year, the Tasmania SuperSprint. After a lean patch in the middle of the year, Davison, partnered with Webb, returned to form at the Enduro Cup. After finishing third at Sandown, at the Bathurst 1000, Davison achieved an even better result, capitalising on late drama between the race leaders to take their second Bathurst crown, despite not leading any laps, only one tenth of a second ahead of van Gisbergen.
In 2020, the team will return to a two-car operation and relocate to Western Sydney.
In January 2022 the team was sold to Peter Xiberras and rebranded PremiAir Racing.
In September 2022 the company was placed in to voluntarily liquidation with tax debts to the Australian Tax Office in excess of $390,000.
Endurance/GT racing
Tekno Autosports campaigned two McLaren 650S GT3 cars in the 2016 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour. Shane van Gisbergen, Jonathon Webb and Álvaro Parente won the race, with the sister car of Will Davison, Robert Bell and Andrew Watson finishing 9th. With a third car this relationship continued into the 2016 Australian GT Championship.
Results
Supercar Results
Car No. 19 results
Car No. 22 results
Bathurst 1000 results
Supercars Championship drivers
The following is a list of drivers who have driven for the team in the Supercars Championship, in order of their first appearance. Drivers who only drove for the team on a part-time basis are listed in italics.
Jonathon Webb (2010–21)
David Russell (2010)
Sébastien Bourdais (2010)
Richard Lyons (2011)
Gil de Ferran (2011)
Michael Patrizi (2012)
Scott McLaughlin (2012)
Jonny Reid (2012)
Marc Lieb (2012–13)
Lucas di Grassi (2012)
Shane van Gisbergen (2013–15)
Jeroen Bleekemolen (2013)
Will Davison (2016–17)
Jack Le Brocq (2018–19)
James Courtney (2020)
Chris Pither (2020)
Alex Davison (2020)
Steve Owen (2020)
Fabian Coulthard (2021)
Garry Jacobson (2021)
Dylan O'Keeffe (2021)
Gallery
References
Australian auto racing teams
Sports organizations established in the 1990s
Supercars Championship teams
1990s establishments in Australia
2021 disestablishments in Australia
Auto racing teams disestablished in 2021
In association football, an assist is a contribution by a player which helps to score a goal. Statistics for assists made by players may be kept officially by the organisers of a competition, or unofficially by, for example, journalists or organisers of fantasy football competitions. Recording assists is not part of the official Laws of the Game and the criteria for an assist to be awarded may vary. Record of assists was virtually not kept at all until the end of the 20th century, although reports of matches commonly described a player as having "made" one or more goals. Since the 1990s, some leagues have kept official record of assists and based awards on them.
Criteria
Most commonly, an assist is credited to a player for passing or crossing the ball to the scorer. It may also be awarded to a player whose shot rebounds (off a defender, goalkeeper or goalpost) to a teammate who scores. Some systems may credit an assist to a player who wins a penalty kick or a free kick for another player to convert, or to an attacking player for contributing to an own goal. A goal may be unassisted, or have one assist; some systems allow for two assists.
FIFA World Cup
FIFA's Technical Study Group is responsible for awarding assist points at the FIFA World Cup. In the Technical Study Group's report on the 1986 World Cup, the authors calculated for the first time unofficial statistics for assists, developing the following criteria:
An assist was awarded to the player who had given the last pass to the goalscorer.
In addition, the last but two holders of the ball could get an assist provided that their action had decisive importance for the goal.
After goals from rebounds those players were awarded an assist who had shot on target.
After goals scored on penalty or by a directly converted free-kick the fouled player received a point.
In case that the goalscorer had laid on the goal for themselves (dribble, solo run), no assists were awarded.
No assists were awarded, either, if the goalscorer took advantage of a missed pass by an opponent.
The 1990 World Cup technical report adopted similar criteria, but changed the free-kick/penalty criterion:
Where goals resulting from penalties are concerned, the player who is fouled in the area receives an assist point (unless, that is, the player who is fouled subsequently executes the penalty himself).
Planet World Cup has calculated some retrospective data on assists back to the 1966 World Cup, though the 1986 data differs from that of FIFA.
FIFA started officially keeping track of assists in World Cup tournaments at the 1994 edition. This was popularly ascribed to the popularity of detailed sports statistics among fans. 1994 was also the first World Cup in which assists were used as a tie-breaker in determining the Golden Shoe award for top scorer. In the event, both Hristo Stoichkov and Oleg Salenko tied with 19 points, from 6 goals and 1 assist.
France
The French league, Ligue 1, awards the Trophée de Meilleur Passeur ("best passer trophy") to the player with most "decisive passes" in a season, starting in the 2007–08 season. Sports newspaper L'Équipe had unofficially tracked assists for some years prior to then. The league's Commission des Compétitions includes blocked shots as a subset of "decisive passes". In 2012–13, Mathieu Valbuena and Dimitri Payet finished with 12 assists, Valbuena winning the trophy by having fewer blocked shots (3 against 5) among their total.
Spain
For the 1998–99 La Liga season, SDI sold its Gecasport database to Spanish media, in which were described as "passes which lead immediately to a shot and goal".
United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, official game statistics, including assists, for the Premier League, the Scottish Premier League, and the English Football League are provided by PA Sport under the Actim brand. Since the 2006–07 season, assists have been factored into the Actim Index of Premier League player performance. The assist statistics provided by fantasy football competitions may differ from the Actim data; some uniformly credit an assist to whichever teammate last touched the ball before the scorer, regardless of other circumstances of the play. The Premier League Playmaker of the Season award was introduced in the 2017–18 Premier League for the player with most assists.
United States
The original North American Soccer League kept assist statistics from its foundation in 1968, as its forebears the United Soccer Association and National Professional Soccer League had done the previous year. Analogous statistics were already being kept in basketball and in ice hockey, both established North American sports.
Major League Soccer formerly awarded the MLS Golden Boot based on 2 points per goal scored and one per assist.
The NCAA makes regulations for statistics, including assists, in college soccer in the U.S. Two players may be credited with assists if the second did not have to beat a defender before passing to the scorer. No assist is awarded for winning a penalty. If a goal is scored after a save, block, or rebound from the goal frame, the first shooter gets an assist.
Statistics
These totals are the official records recognised by the relevant governing body. Independent statistics providers may have different data, either through crediting different players for a given goal, or through having begun recording assists earlier or later than the official statistics provider.
References
Citations
Assist (association football)
Association football terminology
Salzhausen is a municipality in the district of Harburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is situated approximately 40 km southeast of Hamburg, and 15 km west of Lüneburg.
Salzhausen is also the seat of the Samtgemeinde ("collective municipality") Salzhausen.
References
External links
Official website
Harburg (district)
The 1926 Frankford Yellow Jackets season was their third in the National Football League. The team improved on their previous output of 10–4, winning fourteen games. By virtue of their league-best record of 14–1–2, they were crowned the 1926 NFL Champions. The 1926 Yellow Jackets are the last NFL franchise to win a championship, and later go defunct.
Incidentally, the champions of the rival American Football League that year were also based in Philadelphia, the Philadelphia Quakers. There had been some brief discussion of fulfilling the crosstown rivalry by staging an interleague championship between the Quakers and Yellow Jackets, but the Yellow Jackets declined. (The Quakers instead played the seventh-place New York Giants, losing 31–0.)
Schedule
Standings
References
Frankford Yellow Jackets seasons
Frankford Yellow Jackets
National Football League championship seasons
The area known as St Martin's Plain is located to the west of Cheriton, part of Folkestone, Kent, England. It is used by the British Army from Shorncliffe Army Camp for training; during wartime, and especially during World War I and World War II temporary camps were built here. It is also used by the Army Cadets on training weekends or camps.
The Elham Valley Way passes through the area. The plain is the closest rural area to Sandgate and Cheriton.
References
Folkestone and Hythe District
Apple Creek is a stream that rises in western Perry County, Missouri and empties into the Mississippi River, forming the boundary between Perry and Cape Girardeau counties.
Name
The name of Apple Creek derives from the French name Rivière à la Pomme. Since the Shawnee Indians cultivated farms and had a number of villages along this creek, it is probable that the early French travelers and hunters gave the name "Rivière à la Pomme" (later Americanized to Apple River or Apple Creek), from the apple trees which grew there.
History
Although it is not known who the original native inhabitants were of the Apple Creek area, the area eventually become home to the Shawnee and Delaware Indians. Having originated in present-day Delaware and Pennsylvania, the Shawnee and Delaware Indians had been pushed off their lands by white settlement.
The Spanish encouraged Shawnee and Delaware immigration, and granted them two large tracts of land in the Apple creek watershed, with the intention of the Shawnee and Delaware acting as a buffer against the Osage Indians, who were not on friendly terms with the Spanish authorities. Some 1,200 Shawnee and 600 Delaware were convinced to relocate to the Apple Creek watershed, and in 1784 the group of Shawnee and Delaware migrated and settled down in the area of Old Appleton. The "Grand Village Sauvage" was to the west of present-day Old Appleton and the "Petit Village Sauvage" was to the east of Old Appleton.
In the early 1800s, American settlers began encroaching on the Shawnee and Delaware lands around Apple Creek. The Shawnee also requested the Spanish authorities to grant them protection from the Osage in 1807.
By 1815 the situation with white settlers had worsened so much that territorial governor William Clark and United States President James Madison ordered all white intruders removed from Shawnee and Delaware lands. However, this order was largely ignored by the authorities. By 1816, the encroachment by white settlers left the US Federal Government no choice but to relocate the Shawnee and Delaware to lands further west.
Physical geography
The headwaters of Apple Creek arise just east of Missouri Route 51 approximately five miles southwest of Perryville. The stream flows generally southeast past the communities of Millheim and Biehle and crosses into the northwest corner of Cape Girardeau County and meanders past the community of Friedheim back to the northeast to become the county boundary between Cape Girardeau and Perry counties. The stream crosses under I-55 and U.S. Route 61 south of Uniontown and continues east to enter the Mississippi River between Neely's Landing to the south and Grand Tower to the north.
Apple Creek has a number of tributaries:
Cultural geography
Apple Creek rises in the southern part of Perry County and flows east to form the boundary line between Perry and Cape Girardeau counties. A number of bridges cross Apple Creek, including Apple Creek CR 630 bridge the Apple Creek Railroad bridge, the wrought-iron Old Appleton Bridge, and the pony truss Old Appleton US 61 Bridge. A town by the same name lies north of Apple Creek in Perry County, Missouri. The town of Old Appleton, Missouri, was also earlier known as Apple Creek, but changed its name to Old Appleton in the years leading up to the establishment of its post office in 1876.
Communities
Apple Creek
Biehle
Millheim
Old Appleton
Photo gallery
References
Rivers of Missouri
Rivers of Perry County, Missouri
Rivers of Cape Girardeau County, Missouri
The Race Relations Act 1968 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom making it illegal to refuse housing, employment, or public services to a person on the grounds of colour, race, ethnic or national origins in Great Britain (although not in Northern Ireland, which had its own parliament at the time). It also created the Community Relations Commission to promote 'harmonious community relations'.
The Act made amendments to the Race Relations Act 1965. It was superseded (and repealed) by the Race Relations Act 1976.
On 25 October 1968, the Race Relations Bill was given Royal Assent and so came into law as the Race Relations Act 1968. This Act expanded the provisions of the 1965 Race Relations Act, which had banned racial discrimination in public places and made promoting racial hatred a crime. The 1968 Act focused on eradicating discrimination in housing and employment. It aimed to ensure that the second-generation immigrants “who have been born here” and were “going through our schools” would get “the jobs for which they are qualified and the houses they can afford”. Although there was considerable debate during the second reading of the Bill, consensus was eventually reached with the Bill passing its third reading 182 ayes to 44 noes.
The Act was criticised for poorly translating "new standards of behaviour" into an effective legal document. The bill which introduced the Act was the focus of Enoch Powell's Rivers of Blood speech, delivered to the West Midlands Conservative Association on 20 April 1968. Powell was sacked from Ted Heath's shadow cabinet the following day.
See also
Ethnic relations
Racism in the United Kingdom
References
External links
Text of the Act as originally enacted (PDF) from the Office of Public Sector Information.
50th Anniversary of the 1968 Race Relations Act - UK Parliament - Living Heritage
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1968
Anti-discrimination law in the United Kingdom
Race relations in the United Kingdom
Slidell High School is a public school for grades nine through twelve located in Slidell, Louisiana, United States. It is part of the St. Tammany Parish Public School District and serves portions of west and central Slidell as well as a section of Lacombe.
Notable alumni
Brett Bech, former NFL player
Reggie Cooper, former NFL player
Matt Forte, former NFL running back for the Chicago Bears and New York Jets
Will Harris, current MLB player (Houston Astros)
Xavier Paul, Major League Baseball outfielder who currently plays for the Cincinnati Reds
J. Kevin Pearson (1977), Louisiana state representative, 2007–2019, District 76
References
Public high schools in Louisiana
Schools in St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana
Slidell, Louisiana
Educational institutions established in 1908
1908 establishments in Louisiana
Patrick Henry McCarren (July 8, 1849 in East Cambridge, Massachusetts – October 23, 1909 in Brooklyn, New York City) was an American politician from New York.
Life
The family removed to Brooklyn when Patrick was still a child. They attended Public School Nr. 17 in Brooklyn. Then they became a cooper, and later an oil inspector. They married Kate Hogan (died 1883), a school teacher, and they had five children who all died in infancy.
They were a member of the New York State Assembly (Kings Co., 6th D.) in 1882 and 1883. Then they studied law, and was admitted to the bar, but did not open a law office, and very rarely appeared in court.
They were again a member of the State Assembly in 1889; and a member of the New York State Senate (4th D.) from 1890 to 1893, sitting in the 113th, 114th, 115th and 116th New York State Legislatures.
They were again a member of the State Senate (7th D.) from 1896 until their death in 1909, sitting in the 119th, 120th, 121st, 122nd, 123rd, 124th, 125th, 126th, 127th, 128th, 129th, 130th, 131st and 132nd New York State Legislatures.
In 1900 they proposed another bridge across the East River, between the existing Brooklyn Bridge and Manhattan Bridge.
McCarren was considered the Boss of Brooklyn's Democratic organization by 1909, and Brookyln's Democrats were known for guarding their independence from that of Tammany Hall in Manhattan. Their motto under McCarren was, "The Tiger Shall Not Cross The Bridge".
Patrick McCarren owned and raced Thoroughbred horses.
They died on October 23, 1909, in St. Catherine's Hospital, in Williamsburg, Brooklyn.
Greenpoint Park in Brooklyn was renamed McCarren Park in their honor.
Sources
The New York Red Book compiled by Edgar L. Murlin (published by James B. Lyon, Albany NY, 1897; pg. 160f, 403f, 501f and 507)
M'CARREN IS DEAD in NYT on October 23, 1909
1849 births
1909 deaths
New York (state) state senators
New York (state) Democrats
American racehorse owners and breeders
People from Brooklyn
Members of the New York State Assembly
19th-century American politicians
José Tolentino Calaça de Mendonça (born 15 December 1965) is a Portuguese prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. A theologian and university professor, they are also regarded as one of the most original voices of modern Portuguese literature and a Catholic intellectual. Their work includes poetry, essays and plays that they sign José Tolentino Mendonça.
They were appointed prefect of the Dicastery for Culture and Education in September 2022. An archbishop since July 2018, they were Archivist and Librarian of the Holy Roman Church from 2018 to 2022. Pope Francis created them cardinal on 5 October 2019. Since 2020, they have been a member of the Third Order of Saint Dominic.
Biography
Family
The youngest of five children, de Mendonça was born on the island of Madeira, Portugal on 15 December 1965. They spent their earliest years in Angola, in several coastal towns where their father was a fisherman. They left Africa at the age of nine when Portugal withdrew from its African colonies.
Priest and Academic
In 1989, they graduated with the equivalent of a bachelor's degree in theology from the Portuguese Catholic University (UCP). They were ordained a priest for the Diocese of Funchal, Madeira, on 28 July 1990. That same year they published their first book of poems, Os Dias Contados. In 1992, they were awarded a master's degree in biblical sciences at the Pontifical Biblical Institute in Rome. In 2004, they earned a doctorate in biblical theology at the Portuguese Catholic University (UCP).
They have fulfilled pastoral assignments, first of all at the parish of Nossa Senhora do Livramento in Funchal from 1992 to 1995, then as chaplain at the UCP for 5 years. They next served the parish of Santa Isabel in Lisbon and then became rector of the chapel of Nossa Senhora da Bonanza, better known as Capela do Rato, in 2010.
On 4 August 2021, de Mendonça made their vows as a member of the Third Order of Saint Dominic at a ceremony held at the São Domingos convent in Lisbon and presided over Mass following the ceremony in which they received the white habit. In their capacity as a member in the secular order, they do not possess any obligations towards the official Dominican hierarchy, but they commit to the charism of the Dominicans and to live in accordance with their style. They made their initial rite of admission to and received the habit from Father José Nunes, the prior provincial for the Portuguese Dominicans.
De Mendonça's assignments following their ordination included academic appointments as a lecturer at the diocesan seminary of Funchal, the rector of the Pontifical Portuguese College in Rome, and a lecturer at the Portuguese Catholic University. They were visiting professor the Catholic University of Pernambuco (Unicap), Brazil, the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio de Janeiro and the Jesuit School of Philosophy and Theology of Belo Horizonte (Faje). In Lisbon, they joined the UCP faculty as an assistant (1996-1999), assistant professor (2005-2015), and associate professor. The UCP appointed them Vice-Rector in 2012 and Dean of the Faculty of Theology in 2018. During the academic year 2011-12, they were a Straus Fellow at New York University, joining an international team of researchers working on the theme "Religion and Public Reason".
At the service of culture
De Mendonça was the first director of the National Secretariat of the Pastoral of Culture from 2004 to 2014, an institution created by the Portuguese Episcopal Conference to promote dialogue between the Church and the broader cultural milieu of the country.
After attending a meeting with Pope Benedict XVI bringing together a large number of artists in 2009, they said that the Pope's gesture of hospitality was appreciated. Benedict pointed out that "within the Church, within the Christian space, they have their home, a sort of homeland". In 2011 Benedict XVI appointed them a consultor of the Pontifical Council for Culture. Pope Francis reappointed them to this position in 2016.
In 2018 Pope Francis invited de Mendonça to preach the Lenten Retreat of the Roman Curia. Besides the Bible, their comments referenced many writers, such as Fernando Pessoa, Roland Barthes, Clarice Lispector, Françoise Dolto, Etty Hillesum and Blaise Pascal. They commented: "Sometimes writers are important spiritual masters." They also mentioned that they tell their biblical students that "a biblical scholar or a priest must see many movies, listen to a lot of music and get in touch with the arts world". These sermons were published under the title Elogio da Sede with a preface by Pope Francis.
In January 2020, de Mendonça was part of the scientific commission for the 700th anniversary of Dante Alighieri's death (1265-1321) organized by the Pontifical Council for Culture.
In February 2020, Pope Francis appointed de Mendonça as a member of the Pontifical Council for Culture, chaired by Cardinal Gianfranco Ravasi. De Mendonça had been a consultor between 2011 and 2018.
On 13 June 2020, de Mendonça is laureate of Prémio Europeu Helena Vaz da Silva because of "the ability they show in spreading beauty and poetry as part of the intangible cultural heritage of Europe and the world".
De Mendonça has published numerous collections of essays, spiritual writings, poems and sermons under the name José Tolentino Mendonça. This work addresses the major themes of the Christian canon by placing them in dialogue with life. The relationship between Christianity and culture is at the heart of their writings. As a theologian and religious thinker, they have sought to discover spiritual life in places which have not always been looked at, and they have striven to encourage the Church to be more relevant and more engaged there. Their books have been great successes in Portugal and are increasingly translated and published abroad. They have received numerous literary prizes and awards.
Bishop and cardinal
At the end of June 2018, Pope Francis named de Mendonça Vatican archivist and Librarian of the Holy Roman Church as of 1 September and appointed them titular archbishop of Suava. On 28 July, Archbishop Manuel Clemente, Cardinal Patriarch of Lisbon, consecrated them a bishop assisted by Cardinal António Marto, Bishop of Leiria-Fátima, and Teodoro de Faria, Bishop Emeritus of Funchal who had ordained them a priest in July 1990.
On 5 October 2019, Pope Francis made them a Cardinal Deacon and assigned them the church of Santi Domenico e Sisto in Rome. They were made a member of the Pontifical Council for Culture on 21 February 2020.
On 17 November 2020, Pope Francis appointed de Mendonça a member of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples presided over by Cardinal Luis Antonio Tagle.
On 30 April 2022, Pope Francis appointed de Mendonça a member of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, presided over by Cardinal Marcello Semeraro.
On 13 July 2022 Pope Francis appointed 13 new members to the Dicastery for Bishops, including 3 women. Cardinal Tolentino de Mendonça is one of the 11 other members of this dicastery, whose prefect is Cardinal Marc Ouellet.
On 26 September 2022, Pope Francis named them prefect of the Dicastery for Culture and Education.
Writings
in Portuguese
‘'Os dias contados'' (poetry, 1990)
‘'As estratégias do desejo: um discurso bíblico sobre a sexualidade'' (essay, 1994)
‘'Longe não sabia'' (poetry, 1997)
‘'A que distância deixaste o coração (poetry, 1998)
‘'Se eu quiser falar com Deus (1996)
‘'Baldios'' (poetry, 1999)
‘'Cântico dos Cânticos'' (1999)
‘'De Igual para Igual'' (poetry, 2000)
''A construção de Jesus: uma leitura narrativa de Lucas 7,36-50'' (essay, 2004)
‘'A estrada branca'' (poetry, 2005)
''Perdoar Helena'' (play, 2005)
‘'Tábuas de pedra'' (poetry, 2006)
‘'A noite abre os meus olhos'' (poetry, 2006)
‘'Pentateuco'' (2006)
‘'Bíblia ilustrada'' (4 books, 2007)
‘'A leitura infinita. Bíblia e interpretação'' (essay, 2008)
‘'O Viajante sem sono'' (poetry, 2009)
‘'Histórias escolhidas da Bíblia'' (2009)
‘'O tesouro escondido'' (essay, 2011)
‘'Um deus que dança'' (prayers, 2011)
‘'Pai-nosso que estais na terra'' (essay, 2011)
‘'Nenhum caminho será longo'' (essay, 2012)
‘'O hipopótamo de Deus'' (essay, 2013)
‘'Os rostos de Jesus'' (2013)
‘'A papoila e o monge'' (poetry, 2013)
''O estado do bosque'' (play, 2013)
‘'A mística do instante'' (essay, 2014)
‘'A leitura infinita'' (essay, 2014)
‘'Estação central'' (poetry, 2015)
‘'Que coisa são as nuvens'' (a selection of the best stories published by the weekly Expresso, 2015)
‘'Esperar contra toda a esperança'' (essay, 2015)
‘'Desporto, ética e transcendência'' (essay, 2015)
‘'A construção de Jesus'' (essay, 2015)
‘'Corrigir os que erram'' (essay, 2016)
‘'Teoria da fronteira'' (poetry, 2017)
‘'Libertar o tempo. Para uma arte espiritual do presente‘' (essay, 2017)
‘'O pequeno caminho das grandes perguntas‘' (essay, 2017)
‘'Elogio da sede'' (essays delivered at the Lenten retreat preached before the pope and the Roman Curia, 2018)
‘'Requiem pela Aurora de Amanhã'' (libretto for a work composed by João Madureira marking the centenary of the end of World War I; it premiered on 20 July 2018 in the Jerónimos Monastery in Belém.)
‘'Nos passos de Etty Hillesum'', with co-editor Filipe Condado (photos), (photobiography, 2019)
‘'Uma Beleza que nos Pertence (Aforismos)‘' (essay, 2019)
‘'Palavra e Vida 2020 O Evangelho comentado cada dia‘'(commentary of each daily gospel of the year, 2019)
‘'O que é amar um país‘' (essay, 2020)
‘'Rezar de olhos abertos‘' (prayers, 2020)
‘'Introdução a pintura rupestre'' (poetry, 2021)
in English
Hidden Treasure: The Art of Searching Within (Alba House, 2014)
Our Father who Art on Earth: The Lord's Prayer for Believers and Unbelievers (Paulist Press, 2013)
No Journey Will Be Too Long: Friendship in Christian Life (Paulist Press, 2015)
Religion and Culture in the Process of Global Change: Portuguese Perspectives, with co-editors Alfredo Teixeira, Alexandre Palma (Cultural Heritage and Contemporary Change, Series VIII, Vol. 19, Council for Research in Values & Philosophy, 2016)
Jesus and the Woman: Revealing God's Mercy (Paulist Press, 2017)
Thirst: Our Desire for God, God's Desire for Us (Paulist Press, 2019), retreat preached before the Pope and the Roman Curia during Lent 2018
Honours and Awards
Honours
Commander of the Order of Prince Henry, 28 June 2001
Commander of the Military Order of Saint James of the Sword, 4 December 2015
Medal of Merit of the Autonomous Region of Madeira, 14 November 2019.
The President of the Portuguese Republic, Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, chooses Tolentino de Mendonça to preside over the celebrations of 10 June 2020, the Day of Portugal, Camões and the Portuguese Communities, at the monastery of Jerónimos in Belém
Coat of Arms
Awards
Laureate of Prémio Cidade de Lisboa de Poesia (1998)
PEN Clube Português Award (2005)
Inês de Castro Foundation Literary Award (2009)
Finalist of the Casino da Póvoa Literary Award (2011)
Finalist of the Casino da Póvoa Literary Award (2015)
Literary Award Res Magnae (Italy, 2015)
Grand Award APE/CM of Loulé - for "Que coisa são as nuvens" (2016)
Grande Poetry Award Teixeira de Pascoaes (2016) for "A noite abre os meus olhos"
Capri-San Michele Special Award (Italy, 2017)
A life of ... passion Award (Italy, Avvenire, 2018)
Co-winner of the "Cassidorio il Grande" Prize (Italy, 2019)
University of Coimbra Award (2021)
Winner of Basilicata Award for spiritual literature and religious poetry (Italy, 2021)
Others
Top 100 Most Influential Portuguese of 2012 by Expresso magazine (2012)
In June 2019, the weekly magazine of Expresso included de Mendonça on its list of the fifty "mighty, influent, innovative, provocative and eminent people who marked our life during the past year".
The editorial team at Expresso chose de Mendonça as their Portuguese personality of the year for 2019.
January 2020: de Mendonça is part of the scientific commission for the 700th anniversary of Dante Alighieri's death (1265-1321) chaired by Cardinal Gianfranco Ravasi. An initiative organized by the Pontifical Council for Culture.
The President of the Portuguese Republic, Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa, chooses Tolentino de Mendonça to preside over the ceremony marking Portugal Day of 10 June 2020 in the Jerónimos Monastery in Belém
On 14 December 2021 Cardinal D. José Tolentino de Mendonça becomes an honorary member of the Portuguese Naval Academy in a ceremony presided over by the President of the Portuguese Republic, Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa
See also
Cardinals created by Francis
References
Additional sources
External links
1965 births
Living people
People from Machico, Madeira
21st-century Portuguese cardinals
Portuguese Roman Catholic religious writers
Portuguese Roman Catholic theologians
Catholic University of Portugal alumni
Portuguese poets
Cardinals created by Pope Francis
Members of the Dominican Order
Lay Dominicans
Dominican cardinals
Portuguese Dominicans
Archivists
Librarians
Wiremu "Wi" Pere (7 March 1837 – 9 December 1915), was a Māori Member of Parliament in New Zealand. They represented Eastern Māori in the House of Representatives from 1884 to 1887, and again from 1893 to 1905. Pere's strong criticism of the government's Māori land policies and their involvement in the turbulent land wars in the 1860s and 1870s made them a revered Māori leader and they were known throughout their career as an contentious debator and outstanding orator in the use of the Māori language.
Biography
Wi Pere was born in 1837 at Tūranga (Gisborne), the son of English Poverty Bay trader Thomas Halbert and esteemed Māori Rīria Mauaranui of Te Whānau-a-Kai hapū of Te Aitanga-a-Māhaki and Rongowhakaata. Pere was baptised William Halbert but commonly went by their Maori name, Wiremu Pere (William Bell).
From a young age Pere was noted for their shrewdness and identified by elders as having exceptional intelligence. They were raised largely under the tutelage of their mother and was schooled in tribal lore and genealogy by Te Aitanga-a-Māhaki iwi elders of the Maraehinahina whare wānanga. This formed the basis of their authority in land dealings and Native Land Court proceedings from the 1870s.
The local Anglican mission also identified Pere as an emerging leader, and they became a member of the first standing committee of the Diocese of Waiapu.
In 1856, Pere married Arapera Matenga Toti at Waerenga-a-hika.
Political career
In 1865, as Pai Marire emissaries gained support in Poverty Bay and tensions grew amid local iwi, Wi Pere remained a government supporter and constant to their Anglican allegiance. However, despite this, they protested against the exile of Poverty Bay Māori to the Chatham Islands, and strongly opposed the government's attempts to confiscate their land. Through their work in the Repudiation movement to support Māori landowners, Pere became an important Māori leader in the region and gained wide support in their first bid for Parliament in 1884.
Pere attracted much attention when they won the Eastern Māori seat in the 1884 general election. As the fourth representative for the electorate, Pere spoke strongly against the Native Land Court's actions of giving land title to individuals, believing land should be owned by hapū (sub-tribes) or whānau (family). They also joined the Kotahitanga movement and supported its efforts to establish a separate Māori Parliament.
In both the 1887 and 1890 elections Pere lost the Eastern Māori seat to James Carroll, who was opposed to the Kotahitanga separatist movement. When Carroll stood down in 1893 to contest the Gisborne (European) seat, Pere won Eastern Maori back as a member of the Liberal Party. They served a further four terms before losing the seat to Āpirana Ngata in the 1905 general election.
Pere was appointed to the Legislative Council on 22 January 1907, where they were effectively the only Māori member. By this time Pere had become a strong empire loyalist. They offered to lead a Māori contingency to the South African war of 1899–1902 and urged military training for all New Zealanders. Pere was unseated from the Legislative Council in 1912.
Death and legacy
Wi Pere died on 9 December 1915, and was buried in a vault at Waerenga-a-Hika on 3 January 1916. In their eulogy Apirana Ngata remarked: "No man ever did more for their people...never was there a greater fighter for their race than Wi Pere".
As a final tribute to Wi Pere, a monument was erected along Reads Quay, Gisborne in 1919 to coincide with the return of Māori troops from war. It was unveiled on 9 April 1919 by Hon. James Carroll.
Māori historian Rongowhakaata Pere Halbert was a grandson of Wi Pere.
External links
Wi Pere Trust
Wiremu Pere Biography from the Dictionary of New Zealand Biography
References
1837 births
1915 deaths
Independent MPs of New Zealand
New Zealand Liberal Party MPs
New Zealand MPs for Māori electorates
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Members of the New Zealand Legislative Council
Māori MLCs
People from Gisborne, New Zealand
Rongowhakaata
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1887 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1890 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1905 New Zealand general election
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Te Aitanga-a-Māhaki
Halbert-Kohere family
Kraljica (The Queen) is a fourth studio album by Bosnian pop-folk recording artist Seka Aleksić. It was released 23 November 2007 through the record label Grand Production.
Track listing
Kraljica (Queen)
Aspirin
Boli stara ljubav (Old Love Hurts)
Poslednji let (Final Flight)
Nije ona ta (She's Not That One)
Milostinja (Charity)
Hirošima (Hiroshima)
Tesna koža (Tight Skin)
Impulsi (Impulses)
Sokole moj (My Falcon)
Reci gde smo mi (Say Where We Are)
References
2007 albums
Seka Aleksić albums
Grand Production albums
The 2008 Armageddon was the ninth and final Armageddon professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held for wrestlers from the promotion's Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brand divisions. The event took place on December 14, 2008, at the HSBC Arena in Buffalo, New York. It was the first Armageddon PPV broadcast in high definition. In 2009, the event was replaced by TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs.
Seven professional wrestling matches were held on the event's card. During the SmackDown main event, Jeff Hardy defeated Triple H and WWE Champion Edge in a Triple Threat match to win the championship. The Raw main event featured the World Heavyweight Championship contested in a standard wrestling match, in which John Cena defeated Chris Jericho to retain the title. The undercard featured several matches, including CM Punk against Rey Mysterio in the finals of a tournament to determine the number-one contender to the WWE Intercontinental Championship, and Randy Orton versus Batista in a standard wrestling match.
Armageddon helped WWE earn US$15.9 million in revenue from pay-per-view events, thanks to an attendance of approximately 12,500 and 193,000 pay-per-view buys. When the 2008 event was released on DVD it reached a peak position of second on Billboard'''s DVD Sales Chart. The professional wrestling section of the Canadian Online Explorer website rated the entire event a perfect 10 out of 10.
Production
Background
Armageddon was established in 1999 as World Wrestling Entertainment's (WWE) December pay-per-view (PPV) and was held every year except in 2001. The 2008 event was held on December 14 at the HSBC Arena in Buffalo, New York. It was the ninth event in the Armageddon chronology and featured wrestlers from the Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands.
Storylines
Armageddon featured seven professional wrestling matches that involved different wrestlers from pre-existing scripted feuds and storylines that had played out on Raw, SmackDown, and ECW on Sci Fi—WWE's television programs. Wrestlers were portrayed as either villains or heroes in the scripted events that built tension and culminated into a wrestling match or series of matches and competed either under their real names or stage names. The event featured wrestlers from WWE's Raw, SmackDown, and ECW brands—a storyline division in which WWE employees are assigned to the television program of the same name.
The main rivalry heading into Armageddon on the SmackDown brand was a match involving three competitors, known as a Triple Threat match in WWE, for the WWE Championship between Edge, Triple H, and Jeff Hardy. At Survivor Series, Jeff Hardy was out of action after being found unconscious in the stairwell of their Boston hotel earlier in the morning. This resulted to Hardy being removed from the WWE title match, leaving Triple H and Vladimir Kozlov battling each other one-on-one. Just when it looked like Triple H had Kozlov beat after nailing them with a hard-hitting Pedigree, SmackDown's primary authority figure Vickie Guerrero interrupted the match to announce that it would indeed be a Triple Threat match– with Edge as the last minute third competitor. Edge made their way to the ring and nailed Triple H with a vicious Spear. Next, Hardy surprisingly ran into the ring and attacked Edge. Hardy then grabbed a steel chair, returned to the ring and knocked both Triple H and Kozlov with each chair shot to the head. As Hardy was about to nail Edge with the chair, Edge countered by spearing Hardy then capitalized, by covering Triple H for the win and won their 6th World Championship. SmackDown general manager, Vickie Guerrero announced on the November 28, 2008 episode of SmackDown that Triple H, Hardy, and Vladimir Kozlov would compete in a "Beat the Clock" challenge to gain the opportunity to face Edge at Armageddon for the title. In a Beat the Clock challenge, wrestlers compete in separate individual matches and whoever wins their match in the fastest time wins the competition. The first contest saw Hardy defeat The Brian Kendrick in 12:13. Kozlov fought in the second encounter against Matt Hardy, but failed to defeat them in under 12:13, thus being eliminated from the challenge. The last match-up pitted Triple H against Shelton Benjamin, which ended with Triple H gaining the fall at exactly 12:13. As a result of the tie, neither man was announced as the contender for the championship. One week later on the December 5, 2008 episode of SmackDown, it was announced that the WWE board of directors had decided Edge would have to defend the title against both Triple H and Hardy at Armageddon.
John Cena and Chris Jericho were involved in the main rivalry on the Raw brand over the World Heavyweight Championship. At WWE's November Survivor Series, Cena returned to the WWE after a legitimate neck injury (that they sustained at SummerSlam) and defeated Jericho to win the championship. On the November 24 episode of Raw, Jericho defeated Randy Orton and Batista in a Triple Threat match to earn a title match against Cena at Armageddon.
On the November 24 episode of Raw, Raw's primary authority figure Stephanie McMahon announced an eight-man single-elimination tournament to determine the number-one contender to the WWE Intercontinental Championship, which William Regal held. The first round saw four standard matches, in which Kofi Kingston, CM Punk, John Morrison, and Rey Mysterio were the victors. In the second round, Punk defeated Morrison and Mysterio defeated Kingston, resulting in Mysterio and Punk both qualifying for the finals at Armageddon.
Event
Pre-show
Before Armageddon began, a non-televised match took place between the team of John Morrison and The Miz and the team of Jesse and Festus, which Morrison and The Miz won.
Preliminary matches
The first match of the event was between Matt Hardy and Vladimir Kozlov. Kozlov executed a chokeslam to gain the pinfall victory.
The second match was the finals of the Intercontinental Championship contender tournament between Rey Mysterio and CM Punk. In the end, Mysterio attempted the 619 but Punk countered the move into the Go-To Sleep to win the tournament.
Finlay was pitted against Mark Henry, who was accompanied by Tony Atlas, in a match with no disqualifications billed as a Belfast Brawl. In the climax, Finlay retrieved the steel steps but Henry countered and retrieved them himself. Finlay retrieved a shillelagh and hit Henry with it to win the match.
Batista versus Randy Orton was next, with Orton being accompanied to the ring by Cody Rhodes and Manu. The end came when Batista executed the Batista Bomb to win the match.
The fifth match was an Eight Woman Santa's Little Helper Tag Team match where all eight competitors were dressed in Christmas outfits. It pitted two teams of four against each other: Michelle McCool, Maria, Kelly Kelly, and Mickie James versus Maryse, Jillian Hall, Victoria, and Natayla. The match ended quickly with McCool getting a pinfall victory over Hall after the Faithbreaker.
Main event matches
The sixth and penultimate match on the card saw John Cena defend the World Heavyweight Championship against Chris Jericho. Cena attempted an FU on Jericho but Jericho countered the move into a Codebreaker for a near-fall. Cena executed an FU on Jericho for a near-fall. Jericho applied the Walls of Jericho on Cena but Cena escaped the hold. Cena forced Jericho to submit to the STFU to retain the title.
The main event saw Edge defend the WWE Championship against both Triple H and Jeff Hardy in a triple threat match. Hardy performed a Swanton Bomb on Triple H but Edge pulled Hardy out of the ring, voiding the pinfall. Edge attempted a spear on Triple H, but Triple H avoided the move, and Edge executed a spear through a broadcast table on Hardy. Triple H executed a Pedigree on Edge, but Vladimir Kozlov interfered and pulled Triple H out of the ring, voiding the pinfall. Kozlov attacked Triple H, but Matt Hardy stopped Kozlov. In the end, Triple H performed a Pedigree on Edge, but Hardy executed a Swanton Bomb on Edge, causing Triple H to roll out of the ring, and pinned Edge to win the title.
Reception
The HSBC Arena has a maximum capacity of 19,200, however Armageddon only had an attendance of 12,500. It received 193,000 buys, which was less than the 237,000 buys the previous year's event received. Armageddon helped World Wrestling Entertainment earn $15.9 million in revenue from pay-per-view events, but this was less than the $19.9 million earned the previous year; Linda McMahon, the CEO of WWE, confirmed this statement on February 24, 2009 in a quarterly financial report. Canadian Online Explorer's professional wrestling section rated the event a perfect ten out of ten. Wade Keller of the PWTorch rated the main event match for the WWE Championship 4 and a quarter stars out of 5. They went on to state that the match was a "really satisfying main event and it's the finish WWE dared not do for a long time." They rated the match for the World Heavyweight Championship 3 and a quarter stars out of 5 and proclaimed they thought it was a "good match".
Sony Music Entertainment released the event on DVD on January 13, 2009, and it reached second place on Billboard's DVD Sales Chart for recreation.
Aftermath
After Armageddon on the January 2, 2009 episode of SmackDown, Vickie Guerrero announced that Jeff Hardy would defend the WWE Championship against Edge at the WWE's Royal Rumble pay-per-view. At the Royal Rumble, Edge defeated Hardy to regain the WWE Championship with the unexpected help from Matt Hardy.
The rivalry between Batista and Orton continued until the December 15, 2008, episode of Raw, when Orton punted Batista in the head, giving them a storyline concussion, causing them to take time off indefinitely. WWE.com later reported that Batista elected to undergo surgery to repair a legitimate hamstring tear (that they suffered during their match with John Cena at SummerSlam).
CM Punk received their match for the Intercontinental title on the January 5, 2009 episode of Raw against William Regal, but failed to win due to Regal getting themselves disqualified. Two weeks later, Punk and Regal had another match this time under no disqualifications rules, which Punk won to claim the title.
The rivalry between Michelle McCool and Maryse continued on the following edition of SmackDown when Maryse defeated Maria to earn another shot at Michelle's Divas Championship. On the December 26 edition of SmackDown'', Maryse defeated Michelle to win their first Divas Championship in a match that Maria officiated. After the match ended, Michelle turned heel and attacked Maria; blaming them for the loss.
The 2008 Armageddon was the final Armageddon PPV produced. In 2009, the event was discontinued and replaced by TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs.
Results
Tournament brackets
The brackets for the tournament to determine the #1 contender for the Intercontinental Championship.
References
External links
WWE.com
2008 in New York (state)
Events in Buffalo, New York
2008
Professional wrestling in Buffalo, New York
2008 WWE pay-per-view events
December 2008 events in the United States
The Marshall Trap is a chess opening in Petrov's Defence named after Frank Marshall.
The trap
1. e4 e5 2. Nf3 Nf6
The trap begins with Black playing Petrov's Defence.
3. Nxe5 d6 4. Nf3 Nxe4 5. d4 d5 6. Bd3 Bd6 7. 0-0 0-0 8. c4 Bg4 9. cxd5 f5 10. Re1? (see diagram)
White should play 10.Nc3 instead.
10... Bxh2+!
An unexpected blow.
11. Kxh2
If 11.Nxh2, then 11...Bxd1.
11...Nxf2
Black forks the white queen and bishop, forcing the queen to move.
12. Qe2 Nxd3 13. Qxd3 Bxf3 14. Qxf3 Qh4+
Followed by 15...Qxe1 winning the e1-rook. Black has a winning material advantage.
References
Chess traps
Trish O'Halloran is a camogie player, winner of an All-Star award in 2008 and an Ireland medal in 2003.
References
Living people
Tipperary camogie players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nevada County is a county located in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 8,997, less than half of its peak in 1920. The county seat is Prescott. Nevada County is Arkansas's 63rd county, formed during the Reconstruction era on March 20, 1871, from portions of Hempstead, Ouachita and Columbia counties. It was named after the state of Nevada because of the perceived similarity between their physical shapes; the Arkansas county's shape, inverted, roughly follows the same outline as the state's boundary. It is an alcohol prohibition or dry county.
Dorcheat Bayou, a 122-mile stream, begins in Nevada County. It flows south into Columbia County and across the border into Webster Parish, Louisiana, where it flows into Lake Bistineau and ultimately Loggy Bayou, forming a continuous passage to the Red River. In the 19th century, the bayou was navigable for three to six months by steamboat from Bistineau to Minden. The watershed had fertile farmland, timberland and swampland. The bayou is now popular for fishing and its natural environment.
History
This area was historically occupied by members of the Caddoan Confederacy, whose territory extended into present-day Texas and Louisiana. They settled along the waterways, using them for transportation and fishing. Colonial French and later European-American settlers also took over lands along the waterways, which formed their basic transportation routes well into the 19th century. After the Congress repealed Prohibition in the early 20th century, Nevada County voted to retain it and the county is still "dry."
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water. The county is bounded on the north by the Little Missouri River, a branch of the Ouachita River, and drained by several tributaries of that stream and of Red River. Nevada County is alternately considered as part of the greater regions of South Arkansas or Southwest Arkansas.
Major highways
Interstate 30
U.S. Highway 67
U.S. Highway 278
U.S. Highway 371
Highway 19
Highway 24
Highway 32
Highway 51
Highway 53
Adjacent counties
Clark County (northeast)
Ouachita County (east)
Columbia County (south)
Lafayette County (southwest)
Hempstead County (west)
Pike County (northwest)
Demographics
The population declined by more than half from 1920 to 1970, due to mechanization of agriculture and the decline of the lumber industry causing loss of jobs. In addition, blacks left in the Great Migration to midwestern and western industrial cities, where they found better work and less social oppression.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 8,310 people, 3,397 households, and 2,263 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 United States Census, there were 9,955 people, 3,893 households, and 2,721 families residing in the county. The population density was 16 people per square mile (6/km2). There were 4,751 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 66.90% White, 31.18% Black or African American, 0.38% Native American, 0.06% Asian, 0.85% from other races, and 0.62% from two or more races. 1.52% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,893 households, out of which 31.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.90% were married couples living together, 14.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.10% were non-families. 27.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 3.02.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.20% under the age of 18, 8.70% from 18 to 24, 26.10% from 25 to 44, 23.80% from 45 to 64, and 16.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,962, and the median income for a family was $33,095. Males had a median income of $27,888 versus $17,920 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,184. About 18.30% of families and 22.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.00% of those under age 18 and 27.10% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Prior to 2000, Nevada County was considered an "ancestral" Democratic-voting county, with exceptions for the 1968 George Wallace campaign and the 1972 and 1984 landslides of Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan, respectively.
Communities
Cities
Emmet
Prescott (county seat)
Towns
Bluff City
Bodcaw
Cale
Rosston
Willisville
Falcon
Census-designated place
Reader
Townships
Alabama
Albany
Boughton
Caney (Cale, Rosston)
Emmet (Emmet)
Georgia
Jackson
Leake
Missouri (Prescott)
Parker (Bodcaw)
Redland
Taylor (Willisville)
Union (Bluff City, Reader)
See also
Camp Bragg (Arkansas)
List of lakes in Nevada County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nevada County, Arkansas
References
Hope micropolitan area
1871 establishments in Arkansas
Populated places established in 1871
Beth Sanner is an American government official, currently serving as the Deputy Director of National Intelligence for Mission Integration. They were appointed to the position in May 2019.
Prior to this, Sanner assumed leadership for the President's Daily Brief in April 2017. Previously they served as the Vice Chair of the National Intelligence Council.
For over 30 years, Sanner has served in a wide range of leadership, staff, policy, and analytic positions in the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Security Council, and the U.S. Department of State. Prior to joining the NIC, Sanner held several senior leadership positions in CIA's Directorate of Analysis, including leading the analytic effort on South Asia and serving as the deputy for analysis for Russian and European affairs. They also held analytic leadership roles for the Balkans, Central Europe, and Southeast Asia. Sanner was the Director of the Career Analyst Program, the training program for all new CIA analysts.
Sanner is a Distinguished Graduate of the National War College, earning a Master of Science in National Security Strategy. They have a B.A. in Economics and International Affairs from the American University.
References
American University alumni
Living people
National War College alumni
Trump administration personnel
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
United States National Security Council staffers
United States Department of State officials
Analysts of the Central Intelligence Agency
American women civil servants
21st-century American women
Kəndi Söyüdlü (known as Nəftəluq, Naftuluq, Naftaluk or Navtlug until 2001) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.
References
Populated places in Jalilabad District (Azerbaijan)
Ballyogan Wood () is a stop on the Luas light-rail tram system in Dún Laoghaire - Rathdown, south of Dublin, Ireland. It opened in 2010 as a stop on the extension of the Green Line south from Sandyford to Brides Glen. The stop provides access to the nearby residential area of Ballyogan.
Service
The stop is located at the side of Ballyogan Road and has edge platforms. To the north of the stop, trams continue along a section of reserved track at the side of Ballyogan Road on their way to Broombridge railway station. To the south, they turn to the left, crossing the M50 motorway on a bridge and re-joining an old railway alignment before continuing to Brides Glen.
Ballyogan Wood is also served by Dublin Bus routes 63 and 63A.
References
Luas Green Line stops in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown
Railway stations opened in 2010
2010 establishments in Ireland
Desisa dispersa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Maurice Pic in 1944.
References
Desisa
Beetles described in 1944
Sylvester Mwamba Chisembele (1 March 1930 – 5 February 2006) was an ex-seminarian and cabinet minister in Zambia's first and second governments.
Early life
Sylvester began their primary education in Fort Rosebery and in 1942 they entered Lubushi Seminary in the Northern Province where they completed Standard VI. Their father Michael Filalo Chisembele and uncle Romano Filalo Lupambo had come from Mporokoso via Kawambwa to Fort Rosebery in 1915 and started lay-preaching under the direction of visiting priests attached to the Lubwe Mission. Michael Filalo Chisembele was later sent to Rosa Catechist School where they were formally trained as a lay-preacher and teacher. On their return to Fort Rosebery, they encountered great difficulties with the District Commissioner which were resolved after the intervention of the Lubwe Mission priests and the Bishop at Chilubula, in order for them to start to build the first Roman Catholic churches and schools. Michael Filalo Chisembele and their brother Romano established the first Roman Catholic church in Fort Rosebery in 1920. They also encountered initial problems with the Chiefs which were overcome. Schools were built with mud, sand and wood for the roofs by the people converted to Catholicism in the surrounding areas. This was the strong religious background to Sylvester's early life. In 1948 they were asked to leave the Seminary due to disagreements on racial equality, their views were considered too radical for that period in time.
Business
As a trader of finger millet they made enough money to invest in a restaurant and a bakery. They had also introduced Mikwau Fishing Nets on Lake Bangweulu.
Activism
They joined the African National Congress. By 1955, Mr Chisembele had organised a firm ANC base in Fort Rosebery (Mansa) using their own resources. At Lubwe Mission with the full participation of Mr Sylvester Muchengwa and Mr Protasio Kamayanda, both leading personalities and leaders in the Catholic Church, the ANC spread rapidly.
In 1956 Mr Chisembele along with three of their colleagues, were all sent to prison in Fort Rosebery and Ndola's Bwana Mkubwa prison for 9 months with hard labour.
Upon their return, Mr Chisembele continued organising the ANC and was elected Provincial General Secretary of Luapula Province in 1957.
In May 1958 there was an assassination attempt on their life. Their life was saved by villagers who ran to their rescue, but the incident left them with a shattered eardrum and impaired hearing for the rest of their life
In 1958 Mr Chisembele was called to Lusaka to accompany Mr Harry Mwaanga Nkumbula, leader of African National Congress, on a tour of Luapula Province. The tour was not a success. When there was a split in October 1958, Chisembele formed the Zambia African National Congress (ZANC) party. UNIP was built on the ashes of the ZANC, which the British colonial governor banned.
On 12 March 1959 Mr Chisembele was arrested and detained at Kalabo, in the Barotse Province, now Western Province, for 9 months under the restriction order of Governor Sir Arthur Benson.
In July 1961, Mr Chisembele successfully organised the burning of the colonial identity cards commonly known as "Chitupas" throughout Luapula Province. Mr Chisembele was imprisoned for three months with hard labour in Milima prison in Kasama District.
Between 1956 and 1962 Mr Chisembele was many times imprisoned ranging from one month to three months for addressing meetings without a permit and on some occasions for addressing indoor meetings without a permit, although these meetings were of Party members and did not, by law, require any permit.
Government
After independence, Mr Chisembele served in many portfolios in government in different ministries and at Cabinet Minister level in various provinces.
In 1968 general elections, the ruling party UNIP lost all seats in Barotse Province to opposition ANC. In 1969 Mr Chisembele was transferred from Copperbelt to the Barotse Province as Cabinet Minister. They established an excellent working relationship with the Litunga, Mbikushita Lewanika and enjoyed the support of their KUTA and the Ngambela SUU. By 1970 they not only won back the province to UNIP but also had all the MPs cross the floor to UNIP, a feat that drew them congratulations from all their colleagues including telegrams of congratulations from Hon. Sikota Wina amongst others. Apart from the Copperbelt and Western Province, they served as Cabinet Minister in Eastern Province.
Constitution process
The Constitution for Zambia implemented at the start of Independence was drawn up by the outgoing colonial power, Britain. This Constitution agreed to by the President in waiting, Kenneth David Kaunda, gave them sole power over the affairs of the Nation. No opportunity was given to the Provincial leaders or the UNIP National Council to discuss or debate the merits or failures in this imposed Constitution. As a result, the Constitution was a bone of dissension from the beginning.
Luapula Province in particular was opposed to a system of one-man rule as earlier events at the Magoye Conference in 1962 had shown. Although a Referendum was held in 1969 to amend the Zambia Constitution, this did not touch on the powers held by President Kaunda, the purpose was to amend the Referendum clause to allow proposed amendments to be considered by elected representatives rather than the country at large. The hope that consideration of the Constitution clause touching on Presidential powers would be given was not part of the process. It took years before the effects of the one-man rule system became apparent to a sufficiently large enough faction to bring about attempts to amend the Constitution clause that gave all power to one individual. Chisembele made submissions on the necessity of reducing presidential powers to all the subsequent Constitution Review Commissions but these were either ignored or unheeded.
Retirement from politics
Mr Chisembele retired from active politics in 1983 and concentrated on running their private businesses.
History repeated itself, from 1993 to 1997 both their restaurants were expropriated and their farm destroyed and repossessed by government. In October 2004 it was published in the press and stated in Gazette Notice No. 640 dated 22 October 2004, that they had been awarded the Order of the Eagle of Zambia 4th Division, this was a lie. Mr Chisembele had refused to accept the Award.
Death
Mr Chisembele started suffering ill health in October 2005. Their condition had not been fully diagnosed, despite undergoing several tests up to the time of their death, on 5 February 2006.
Mr Chisembele was survived by their wife, Sophena and three daughters, Matilda Bwalya, Mary Chewe and Christina Chishimba.
Their wife, Sophena, wrote a book published in 2016 recounting the freedom struggle and the aftermath with particular reference to the history of Sylvester Chisembele
References
ZAMBIA – 'The Freedom Struggle and the Aftermath' by Sophena Chisembele,
1930 births
2006 deaths
20th-century Zambian businesspeople
United National Independence Party politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Zambia
People from Mansa District, Zambia
Garrett Sinnott (born 9 May 1987 in Oulart, County Wexford, Ireland) is an Irish sportsperson. They play hurling with their local club Oulart the Ballagh and has been a member of the Wexford senior inter-county team since 2011.
References
1987 births
Living people
Oulart-the-Ballagh hurlers
Wexford inter-county hurlers
Shaqsha Punta (Quechua saqsa multi-colored, shaqsha jingle bell; a typical dancer of the Ancash Region, punta peak; ridge; first, before, in front of, Hispanicized spelling Shacsha Punta) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Lima Region, Huarochirí Province, Carampoma District, northwest of Wamanripayuq.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Lima Region
Kırbaş, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Fernando Recio Comí (; born 17 December 1982) is a professional footballer who plays mainly as a central defender for Hong Kong Premier League club Lee Man.
Born in Spain, they spent most of their professional career with Kitchee in Hong Kong after signing in 2010, eventually going on to represent the Hong Kong national team.
Club career
Born in Barcelona, Catalonia, Recio only played amateur football in their country, representing UE Rapitenca, CF Amposta and CD Tortosa. In June 2010 they were signed by Kitchee SC in Hong Kong, reuniting with former teammate – at the first two clubs – Ubay Luzardo (also a stopper). The club's manager, compatriot Josep Gombau, had tried to acquire the player in the previous transfer window, but failed.
On 17 October 2013, general manager Ken Ng announced that Recio had renewed their contract until 2016. On 29 May of the following year they won the Hong Kong Player of the Year Award for 2013–14 season, receiving a HK$35,000 prize.
Following Kitchee's victory in the 2018–19 Hong Kong FA Cup, it was announced that Recio would leave the club. On 19 July 2019, the 36-year-old signed for Lee Man FC of the same country and league.
International career
Recio received their Hong Kong passport in October 2017, at the age of 34, alongside compatriots Dani Cancela and Jordi Tarrés. They made their debut for the national team on 5 October, in a 4–0 friendly win over Laos.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Kitchee
Hong Kong Premier League: 2014–15, 2016–17, 2017–18
Hong Kong First Division: 2010–11, 2011–12, 2013–14
Hong Kong Senior Shield: 2016–17, 2018–19
Hong Kong FA Cup: 2011–12, 2012–13, 2014–15, 2016–17, 2017–18, 2018–19
Hong Kong Sapling Cup: 2017–18
Hong Kong League Cup: 2011–12, 2014–15, 2015–16
Individual
Hong Kong Footballer of the Year: 2014
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Spanish emigrants to Hong Kong
Spanish footballers
Hong Kong footballers
Footballers from Barcelona
Naturalized footballers of Hong Kong
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Association football utility players
Tercera División players
Divisiones Regionales de Fútbol players
Hong Kong First Division League players
Hong Kong Premier League players
Kitchee SC players
Hong Kong Rangers FC players
Lee Man FC players
Hong Kong international footballers
Footballers at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Hong Kong
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Hong Kong
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Hong Kong
Hersey Alice Hope, Marchioness of Linlithgow (née Eveleigh-de Moleyns; 31 March 18673 April 1937) was a British aristocrat, who was the wife of John Hope, 1st Marquess of Linlithgow, who, as the 7th Earl of Hopetoun, was the first Governor-General of Australia 1901-1902.
Biography
Hersey Alice Mullins was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, the third daughter and sixth child of nine children of Dayrolles Blakeney Mullins and Harriet Elizabeth Frances, née Wauchope, of Niddrie Marischal. On 18 January 1868 their father succeeded to the titles of 4th Baronet Mullins and 4th Baron Ventry. On 3 November 1874, when they were seven, the family surname was legally changed to Eveleigh-de Moleyns by Royal Licence.
Them family had lived in County Kerry in Ireland since the 17th century, and their father was Deputy Lieutenant there. They grew up at Burnham House, County Kerry (now an Irish-speaking girls' secondary school known as Coláiste Ide) as well as at Ennismore Gardens, Knightsbridge, London. Their neighbours in London were the 6th Earl of Hopetoun and their family. In 1873 the 6th Earl died and was succeeded by their son John Adrian Louis Hope as the 7th Earl. On 18 October 1886, at age 19, at All Saints' Church, Ennismore Gardens, they married the 7th Earl of Hopetoun.
Their son Victor (known as "Hopie"), was born on 24 September 1887 (he later succeeded their father as 2nd Marquess of Linlithgow). In 1889, their husband was appointed Governor of Victoria, and they arrived in Melbourne on 28 November. Lord Hopetoun was popular with Victorians, but Lady Hopetoun, then aged 22, had no experience of public life, was painfully shy, and was criticised for their reserved and haughty manner. They had been ill since the birth of their son and at the end of 1890 they returned to England for medical advice. They returned in May 1891, and soon became pregnant again. Their second son, Lord Charles (Melbourne) Hope, was born on 20 February 1892.
The torpedo gunboat HMVS Countess of Hopetoun was named after them in 1890. It was incorporated into the Royal Australian Navy in 1911 as HMAS Countess of Hopetoun and was used until 1924. It was later wrecked in the vicinity of Swan Island in Port Phillip. In 1902 a steam launch was named after her, the Lady Hopetoun; it is still operational, as part of the Sydney Heritage Fleet.
Lady Hopetoun's private character was less formal than their public one. They were a keen angler, an expert horsewoman (once breaking their nose in a riding accident), and an enthusiastic hunter. They were also a crack shot, even though shooting was then considered an unusual activity for a woman, and disapproved of by Queen Victoria. They were also a photographer and an artist in cartoons, caricatures, and watercolours.
The Hopetouns left Australia in March 1895 when their term as Governor of Victoria ended. Another daughter, Lady Jacqueline Hope, was born on 16 June 1896, but they survived only five days. They returned in 1900 when Lord Hopetoun was appointed the first Governor-General of Australia. They arrived in Sydney on 15 December 1900. Their voyage to Australia on this occasion was marred by their contracting malaria during a stopover in India, where their husband also contracted typhoid fever. The festivities for the inauguration of the Commonwealth of Australia on 1 January 1901 included a song "Welcome to the Earl and Countess of Hopetoun", with words by Joan Torrance and music by W. R. Furlong, which was dedicated to their husband.
On 3 September 1901, at the Royal Exhibition Building in Melbourne, the Countess of Hopetoun announced the names of the winners of a competition to design the Australian Flag, and unfurled the new flag for the first time.
Lord Hopetoun resigned the governor-generalship in May 1902. They left Australia (from Brisbane) on 17 July, and on 27 October (while still formally occupying the position of Governor-General) they were created the 1st Marquess of Linlithgow, and they became the Marchioness of Linlithgow.
In 1903, a daughter, Mary Dorothea, was born.
The Marquess died suddenly in France in 1908. Their elder son, Victor, succeeded their father as the 2nd Marquess, and later became the Viceroy of India 1936-43, after having declined the governorship of Madras and the governor-generalship of Australia.
The Dowager Marchioness of Linlithgow died on 3 April 1937, three days after turning 70.
Children
Victor Alexander John Hope, 2nd Marquess of Linlithgow (24 September 1887–5 January 1952)
Lord Charles Melbourne Hope (20 February 1892–11 June 1962)
Lady Jacqueline Alice Hope (16 June 1896–21 June 1896)
Lady Mary Dorothea Hope (1903–16 January 1995); 1936 married the 16th Earl of Pembroke
See also
Spouse of the Governor-General of Australia
References
Sources
Dictionary of Australian Artists Online
1867 births
1937 deaths
Hersey
British marchionesses
Spouses of Australian Governors-General
Daughters of barons
Nobility from Edinburgh
The 2020 United States presidential election in North Carolina was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. North Carolina voters chose electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote. The state was narrowly won by the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump of Florida, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence of Indiana against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden of Delaware, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. North Carolina has 15 electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Polls of the state throughout the campaign indicated a close race, with most organizations considering it either a tossup or leaning towards Biden. Despite this, Trump ultimately won North Carolina by a 1.34% margin over Biden. This was Trump's narrowest victory in any state, and was a closer result than their 3.67% margin over Hillary Clinton in 2016 and Mitt Romney's 2.04% margin over Barack Obama in 2012. In the 2020 election, North Carolina was 5.8% right of the nation as a whole. The state last voted Democratic in 2008 and furthermore, it had last voted more Republican than neighboring Georgia in 2000.
The rural-urban divide was even more prevalent this election than in past elections. Biden carried eight of North Carolina's ten largest counties (losing only the Charlotte-area suburban counties of Union and Gaston), and overperformed Obama's 2008 margin in the six largest: Wake, Mecklenburg, Guilford, Forsyth, Durham, and Buncombe, in which they received 62%, 67%, 61%, 56%, 80%, and 60% of the vote, respectively. Biden furthermore became the first Democrat to carry New Hanover County, home of Wilmington, since 1976, and held Trump to a single-digit margin in the Charlotte-area suburban county of Cabarrus, the first time since 1976 that the Republican margin in this county has been less than 10%.
Conversely, Trump held or outperformed their 2016 margin in Robeson, Bladen, Martin, Granville and Gates counties, all counties that had been reliably Democratic in the 20th century and which had voted for Obama twice before flipping to Trump in 2016. Biden thereby became the first Democrat ever to win the presidency without Robeson County, the largest county in the Lumber River region of the state and the county which had given Jimmy Carter their largest raw vote margin in the state in both 1976 and 1980. Trump picked off neighboring Scotland County, one of only 15 counties they flipped nationally, becoming the first Republican to carry it since Ronald Reagan in 1984 and making Biden the first Democrat to win without Scotland since the county's creation in 1899. Biden also became the first Democrat to win the White House without Granville and Gates counties since Grover Cleveland in 1892, the first since Cleveland in 1884 to win without Bladen County, the first since James Buchanan in 1856 to win without Richmond County and the first ever to win without Martin County.
Trump's victory was, alongside their victory (and actual improvement over 2016) in Florida, one of the upsets of the cycle. Data & election website FiveThirtyEight's election forecast had Biden up in both states, albeit by small margins. Similarly, prediction websites Inside Elections, Sabato Crystal Ball, The Economist, and ABC News all had Biden favored in the state.
Primary elections
Presidential preference primaries were held on March 3, 2020 (First cases of COVID-19), for each of the political parties with state ballot access.
Democratic primary
Despite speculation that they might seek the Democratic nomination, Roy Cooper, the Governor of North Carolina, declined to run.
Republican primary
The North Carolina Republican Party submitted to the state only the name of incumbent President Donald Trump to be listed on the primary ballot. The campaign of Bill Weld "has written to the [state Board of Elections] asking to be added to the ballot, arguing that their candidacy meets the legal test because he's received 'widespread news coverage,' raised more than $1.2 million, and has qualified for the primary ballot in six other states," according to the News and Observer. Joe Walsh similarly petitioned the state board of elections. On Dec. 20, 2019, the state board unanimously voted to include both Weld and Walsh on the ballot.
Libertarian primary
Green primary
Constitution primary
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
June 1 – October 31, 2020
January 1, 2020 – May 31, 2020
January 1, 2018 – December 31, 2019
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Cory Booker
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Kirsten Gillibrand
Donald Trump vs. Kamala Harris
Donald Trump vs. Amy Klobuchar
Donald Trump vs. Beto O'Rourke
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
with Donald Trump and Michelle Obama
with Donald Trump and Oprah Winfrey
with Donald Trump and a person whose name was randomly chosen out of a phone book
with Donald Trump and Roy Cooper
with Donald Trump and Generic Democrat
with Donald Trump and Generic Opponent
Results
Results by county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
New Hanover County (the largest municipality: Wilmington)
Nash County (the largest municipality: Rocky Mount)
Counties that flipped from Democratic to Republican
Scotland County (the largest municipality: Laurinburg)
Results by congressional district
Trump won 8 of 13 congressional districts.
See also
United States presidential elections in North Carolina
2020 North Carolina elections
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 Libertarian Party presidential primaries
2020 Green Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
Notes
General footnotes
Partisan clients
References
Further reading
. (Describes bellwether New Hanover County, North Carolina)
External links
(State affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
North Carolina
2020
Presidential
San Justo is a city and the seat of government of La Matanza Partido, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.
San Justo is a relatively prosperous city enjoying a variety of commercial and cultural resources. Its strategic location on National Highway 3 and Provincial Highway 4 (the Greater Buenos Aires beltway), make it among the most active, for its size, in the partido.
Pedro Bonifacio Palacios, an Argentine poet, was born in San Justo, and one of the main streets of the city is named in their honor under their nickname Almafuerte.
The Plaza San Martín is the center of La Matanza and its civic center, where the main institutions of the partido are located within a four-block radius.
History
Magistrate Lino Lagos made the first applications in 1852 for the land needed to establish a capital city in La Matanza. It was not however until 1856 that the land was granted. José Gorchs, representing the heirs of Justo Villegas, proposed that the foundation took place in the lands they possessed and was willing to donate them to the community.
There they would build a municipality, a church, school and security management. The handed lots also included lands for the construction of a cemetery, a market and a residential area. On December 25, 1856, the city was founded on land requisitioned from Justo Villegas, a prominent landowner; at the request of the heirs of Justo Villegas, the city was named San Justo.
Melchor Romero was in charge of the demarcation of the village, it was adopted on November 13, 1857, by the Survey Department of the Province, thus being limited to a square league. The civic center was built in the Spanish Colonial form, with a park and the town hall, the church, the bank and the police station on each one of its sides.
The economy was based mainly on livestock and agricultural activity, the grain production being the most predominant. After 1852 there were some changes regarding the livestock activity such as cattle breeding being displaced by wool-bearing (preponderant until the late nineteenth century).
Society and Economy
San Justo became an important industrial center during the 1940s and 1950s. The city, however, suffered the loss of a sizeable portion of its industrial base after 1980. Shantytowns (referred to as villas miserias in Argentina) blight numerous abandoned lots in the city, particularly in the western half, though public housing efforts have been recently stepped up, a process of revitalization aided by the return of numerous industrial and wholesaling employers. Some of the largest employers in San Justo include an Acindar steel mill, construction materials maker Eternit, the Papelera Tucumán paper mill, and a former Siam di Tella machinery factory purchased in 1986 by the Pérez Companc Group. The city continued to grow and, as fewer than 20% live in substandard housing, most of its 36,000 households live in middle-class neighborhoods.
Education
San Justo residents avail themselves of numerous primary, secondary and tertiary schools, the best-known of which are probably the "Almafuerte" School, an award-winning public school, and the San Justo Parochial School.
The National University of La Matanza is located in San Justo, and is now a leading center for education, sports and cultural activities in the area.
Notable people
Sebastián Driussi (b. 1996), footballer
Pedro Bonifacio Palacios (1854-1917), poet
Lidia Elsa Satragno (b. 1935), entertainer and politician
Franco Paredes (b. 1999), footballer
External links
San Justo website
History
La Matanza website
Municipal website
Local Newspaper website
References
La Matanza Partido
Populated places in Buenos Aires Province
Populated places established in 1856
Cities in Argentina
Into the Pit is a box set consisting of three CDs and one DVD, released by heavy metal band Fight, which was fronted by Judas Priest vocalist Rob Halford. It includes Fight's two studio albums War of Words and A Small Deadly Space and the half-live, half-remixes EP Mutations.
The box set was released as a normal edition and as a limited edition. Only 2,500 copies are made of the limited edition, and they are numbered. Also included in the limited edition is a flyer signed by Rob Halford.
Track listing
CD1: War of Words (Remixed and Remastered)
"Into the Pit" – 4:24
"Nailed to the Gun" – 3:40
"Life in Black" – 4:35
"Immortal Sin" – 4:42
"War of Words" – 4:53
"Laid to Rest" – 4:43
"For All Eternity" – 4:50
"Little Crazy" – 3:51
"Contortion" – 4:36
"Kill It" – 3:34
"Vicious" – 3:14
"Reality, a New Beginning" – 4:43
All tracks composed by Rob Halford. Remixed in 2007 by Roy Z, re-mastered by Andy Horn.
CD2: Mutations (EP) (Remastered)
"Into the Pit" (live, November 14, 1993, NYC) – 4:11
"Nailed to the Gun" (live, November 14, 1993, NYC) – 3:35
"Freewheel Burning" (live, November 14, 1993, NYC) – 4:45
"Little Crazy" (live, November 14, 1993, NYC) – 4:57
"War of Words" (Bloody Tongue Mix) – 6:46
"Kill It" (Dutch Death Mix) – 3:51
"Vicious" (Middle Finger Mix) – 6:05
"Immortal Sin" (Tolerance Mix) – 5:49
"Little Crazy" (Straight Jacket Mix) – 5:55
"Culture of Corruption Mix" (War of Words – bonus remix) – 3:47
"Lost Faith Mix" (Kill It – bonus remix) – 3:53
All tracks composed by Rob Halford except "Freewheel Burning" by Downing, Halford and Tipton. Remixed in 2007 by Attie Bauw, re-mastered by Andy Horn.
CD3: A Small Deadly Space (Remixed and Remastered)
"Beneath the Violence" (Halford, Tilse, Travis) – 5:06
"Legacy of Hate" (Chaussee, Halford, Tilse) – 4:39
"Never Again" (Halford, Tilse, Travis) – 3:57
"Mouthpiece" (Chaussee, Halford) – 3:21
"I Am Alive" (Halford, Tilse) – 5:03
"A Small Deadly Space" (Chaussee, Halford, Travis) – 5:21
"Gretna Greene" (Chaussee, Halford, Tilse) – 3:56
"Human Crate" (Halford, Tilse) – 6:04
"Blowout in the Radio Room" (Halford, Tilse) – 4:14
"In a World of My Own Making" (Halford, Tilse) – 7:01
All tracks composed by as shown above. Remixed in 2008 by Roy Z, re-mastered by Maor Appelbaum.
DVD: Live in Phoenix
"Into the Pit"
"Nailed to the Gun"
"Life in Black"
"Immortal Sin"
"War of Words"
"Laid to Rest"
"For All Eternity"
"Little Crazy"
"Contortion"
"Kill It"
"Vicious"
"Reality – A New Beginning"
"Light Comes Out of Black"
All tracks composed by Rob Halford.
Metal God 1993–1995 Footage
"Epic Sony War of Words Commercial 1993"
"Fight War of Words Amsterdam Studio Footage"
"War of Words Worldwide Release Party"
"The Metal God Bungee Jumps in Cairns, Australia 1994"
A Small Deadly Space promotional music video "Blowout in the Radio Room"
2008 compilation albums
Fight (band) albums
2008 video albums
2008 live albums
Live video albums
While needle phobia is not age-specific, it is more common in children than in adults. The latest research from all fields indicates that needle-fear is predominant among children fears with some research claiming that up to 93% of children experience [needle-related] stress." Many studies have been performed investigating psychosocial methods of helping children cope with their fear. Current research in this area has investigated several types of non-invasive treatments to aid children in their needle phobia. These can be categorized into distraction techniques and other methods. These techniques offer safer, cheaper alternatives to drug or anesthetic treatments (see Treatment).
Distraction treatments
Distraction treatments take advantage of the brain's inability to pay full attention to two things at once. Distraction works by passively or actively redirecting the child's attention away from the needle in the medical procedure at hand, leaving "less attention available to perceive pain." Taking the child's attention from the needle also lessens their or their ability to feel anxiety; this is important because a large part of needle phobia is the anticipatory stress caused by the needle. This phenomenon is referred to as an "analgesic effect," meaning "pain-relieving effect." Distraction treatments can be divided into passive and active distraction.
Passive distraction
Passive distraction is defined for the following studies as a form of distraction that commands the child's attention but does not require any participation on the child's part. The following studies used television to display movies or cartoons as a form of passive distraction. Several studies have investigated the analgesic effect that these can provide during venipuncture.
Active distraction
Active distraction is defined as a form of distraction that requires the patient's participation. Most of the studies investigating active distraction and its effect on children's fear of needles had the children play with a toy. Several also used nurses and the child's caregiver(s) to actively distract the child.
Studies investigating distraction treatments
Paediatric Nursing Magazine reviewed several studies that investigated distraction techniques for children during venipuncture. In one of the covered studies, Cohen concluded in a study that watching a children's movie decreased the child's stress, more so than having the child play with an "interactive toy."
Bellieni et al performed a comprehensive study on active and passive distraction at the University of Siena, Italy. They studied 69 children aged 7–12 that were scheduled to undergo venipuncture. To be included in the study, children had to fit all of the following criteria:
be between 7 and 12 years old
have eaten their last meal three hours or more prior to venipuncture
have no neurodevelopmental delay, including verbal difficulty
have had venipuncture less than once per year
Children were randomly assigned to one of three experimental groups: the control group, where venipuncture was performed without distraction (Group C); the active distraction experimental group, where venipuncture was performed while the mother distracted the child (Group M); and the passive distraction experimental group, where venipuncture was performed while the child watched a TV cartoon (Group TV). There were 23 children in each group; the average age and gender ratios of each group are shown in Table 1. The mothers in Group M were instructed to "actively distract their children during the venipuncture by speaking, caressing, and soothing them." The children in Group TV were placed in a room in front of a television; the cartoon started at least two minutes before the venipuncture took place, and the only distraction offered was an invitation for the child to watch the cartoon when it started playing.
This study used the Oucher scale to assess pain in the children. The Oucher scale, a "validated visual pain scale scoring from 0 (no pain) to 100 (maximum pain)," has two separate scales to help children identify their pain level. The scale from 0 to 100 is placed alongside six photographs of children in various levels of discomfort; children in the report were asked to use the pictures as an aid for choosing a numerical value to represent their pain level. Parents of the children were also asked to assess their child's pain levels on the same scale, basing their assessment on the child's external indication of pain and not the child's reported score.
The results of Bellieni's study suggest that passive distraction is more effective than active distraction in lessening perceived pain from venipuncture, although active distraction does have some effect in lessening perceived pain. The average scores on the Oucher scale for Group C, Group M, and Group TV were 23.04, 17.39, and 8.91, respectively; with standard deviation 24.57, 21.36, and 8.65, also respectively. Even taking these fluctuations in data into account, it is apparent that the passive distraction technique significantly lowered the perceived pain when compared to the control group and the active distraction group, according to both parents and children.
These results show that distraction by television had a greater analgesic effect than active distraction performed by the mothers. This is shown by both the children's self-reported scores and the mothers' scores. Mason et al, who published a study in The Journal of Clinical Psychology in Medical Settings, suggested that while both mothers and television are effective distraction techniques, the mothers may have been less effective because the children's fear and distress could have affected their ability to interact with their mothers.
Influence of caregivers
In the Journal of Holistic Nursing, Cavendar et al performed a study investigating the effect of parents as active distraction to the child. Children in the experimental group received standard care, but the parents were given instruction in how to distract the child. Also, they were given a choice between three distraction items. The control group received standard care, and mothers were present in the room but were not coached on distraction techniques nor given distraction items. The researchers concluded that "fear was rated as significantly lower" in the experimental group, though there was "no statistical difference between the two groups with regard to pain and distress."
The way parents act and react in situations where their child is undergoing venipuncture can have an effect on children and their fear of needles. In The Journal of Family Practice, James G. Hamilton hypothesized that "needle phobia is learned as well as inherited." They observed that "negative experiences associated with immunization, laboratory work, dental visits, and other medical procedures can condition children … toward becoming fearful of needles." Other factors, such as physical and verbal restraint during children's medical procedures, can influence children to fear needles and associated medical situations.
An article published in Nursing Forum by Ives et al outlined several helpful and unhelpful caregiver behaviors during venipuncture. Unhelpful behaviors included overly reassuring children, overly empathizing with children, apologizing, and criticizing children. It was also noted that giving the child control of the procedure from the beginning or asking the child to "indicate readiness to receive the needle" increased distress in the children. Other unhelpful responses included "inadequate or overly forceful restraint by the parent; shaming, threatening, yelling, slapping, lying; or, alternately, pitying, placating, bribing, and helpless parent behaviors." The researchers identified a need to provide instruction to parents on what not to say to their child.
Nurses identified lack of explanation to the child as a major problem in many immunization procedures. One nurse reported "getting kicked and hit by a struggling child" whose parents had not explained the purpose of the visit to the child. Despite the fear that the prospect of venipuncture may invoke, nurses agree that it is better to tell the child exactly what is going to happen beforehand. Nurses also reported that children's fear seemed to correlate with parents' anxiety, and cited parental anxiety as an obstacle in performing venipuncture.
Klieber found several helpful parent behaviors as a part of active distraction in their study published in the Journal of Pain and Symptom Management. These included using a calm voice, giving children permission to cry, remaining firm but not threatening, and using stickers to celebrate effort. The Nursing Forum article also found active and passive distraction by way of toys and television cartoons to be helpful. The researchers agreed that effective coaching and successful clinical visits involving venipuncture could provide children with an opportunity to practice and master "adaptive coping skills."
Other techniques
Kettwich et al of the Department of International Medicine of the University of New Mexico conducted an experiment published in the Journal of Family Practice comparing decorated and plain syringes (see picture). The research hypothesis was that "adding decorative designs or stickers to medical devices before a procedure [would] significantly reduce aversion, fear, and anxiety…[in] needle-phobic patients." The experimental syringes were made with conventional 10-milliliter syringes, decorated so that the "markings of the barrel could still be seen".
In the experiment, "the presentation of individual devices to each subject was randomized to eliminate the possibility of a consistent bias." To determine emotional responses to the medical devices, the researchers used the validated Visual analogue scale where 0 denotes the lowest response and 10 shows the strongest response. The Visual Analogue Scale for Aversion, Fear, and Anxiety were used. The study defined "significant needle phobia" as an "aversion, fear, or anxiety score of greater than or equal to 5."
The results of this study showed that the stress-reducing medical devices are effective in reducing aversion, fear, and anxiety towards the medical needles. The results are shown in the table, in the form (Visual Analogue Score) ± (standard deviation).
For all three Visual Analogue tests, the mean score was much lower for the stress-reducing syringes; on average, the scores for the aversion, fear, and anxiety tests were 79%, 53%, and 51% lower, respectively.
Future research
Gemma Murphy, a staff nurse at the neonatal unit of University College London Hospital, suggested that future research should investigate types of passive distraction other than cartoons and movies. Murphy suggested studies comparing the effect of books, guided imagery, music, and virtual reality video glasses as other forms of passive distraction.
References
External links
, Information about the Oucher Scale
Anxiety disorder treatment
Pediatrics
Phobias
Bonela is a mixed race, middle class residential area in central Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.
References
Suburbs of Durban
The Connecticut Senate election, 2006 was held on November 7, 2006 to elect Senators to the Connecticut State Senate for the term which began in January 2007 and ended in January 2009. It occurred on the same date as other federal and state elections, including the state's gubernatorial election.
The election saw the election or re-election of 24 Democrats and 12 Republicans to fill the Senate's 36 seats. The incumbent party in each district held onto control of their respective seats in the election, except for two seats which changed control – one from Democratic to Republican, and one from Republican to Democratic.
Results
Results of the 2006 Connecticut Senate election. Party shading denotes winner of Senate seat.
Notes
TP Denotes that a minor, third party candidate also ran in this district's election.
RWI Denotes that a registered write-in candidate was also present in this district's election. However, all write-ins received no votes in their respective district's election, except for 13 received in the 35th District.
WF Denotes that this candidate also ran on the line of the Connecticut Working Families Party. The vote percentage won by this candidate includes both their Working Families and their party of affiliation figures combined.
I Denote that this candidate also ran on the independent line. The vote percentage won by this candidate includes both their independent and their party of affiliation figures combined.
References
2006 Connecticut elections
2006
Connecticut Senate
Paul Grohmann (12 June 1838 – 29 July 1908) was an Austrian mountaineer and writer.
Biography
Grohmann was a pioneer in exploring technically challenging mountains and is thought to have made more first ascents of Eastern Alps summits than anyone else. Among these are the four highest summits in the Dolomites. In 1862, Grohman, Friedrich Simony and Edmund von Mojsvár founded the Austrian Alpine Club. This was the second mountaineering club in the world, following the founding of the British Alpine Club in 1857.
In 1875, they published a detailed map of the Dolomites (Karte der Dolomit-Alpen) and, in 1877, the travel book Wanderungen in den Dolomiten, which significantly stimulated mountain tourism in the area.
In their honor, the as yet unclimbed Sasso di Levante in the Langkofel Dolomites was renamed Grohmannspitze in 1875. The west peak of the Kellerspitzen in the Carnic Alps, which they first-ascended in 1868, is also known as Grohmannspitze. Already in 1898, 10 years before their death, the town of Urtijëi erected a monument to honor their many first ascents in the Dolomites. Since 1984 there is a Grohmann street in Vienna's Donaustadt district.
First ascents
Among the many peaks they and their guides were the first to ascend are:
Hochalmspitze in the Hohe Tauern (15 August 1859) with guides "Lenzbauer" and Franz Moidele
Tofana di Mezzo in the Dolomites (29 August 1863), with the guide :it:Francesco Lacedelli
Antelao (Dolomites) (18 September 1863) with guides Francesco and Alessandro Lacedelli and Matteo Ossi
Boespitze (Dolomites) (30 July 1864) with G. Irschara (though previously climbed by hunters)
Tofana di Rozes (Dolomites) (29 August 1864) with Francesco Lacedelli, :it:Angelo Dimai and Santo Siorpaes
Sorapiss (Dolomites) (16 September 1864) with Francesco Lacedelli and Angelo Dimai
Marmolada (Dolomites) (28 September 1864) with guides Angelo and Fulgentio Dimai
Hochfeiler (Zillertal Alps) (24 Juli 1865) with the guides Josele Samer and Peter Fuchs
Monte Cristallo (Dolomites) (14 September 1865), with guides Santo Siorpaes and Angelo Dimai
Hohe Warte (Carnic Alps) (30 September 1865) with Nicolò Sottocorona and "the farmer Hofer"
Olperer (Zillertal Alps) (10 September 1867) with guides Josele Samer and Gainer Jackele
Kellerwand (Carnic Alps) (14 July 1868) with Josef Moser and Peter Salcher
Dreischusterspitze (Dolomites) (18 July 1869) with guides Peter Salcher and :de:Franz Innerkofler
Langkofel (Dolomites) (13 August 1869) with guides Peter Salcher and Franz Innerkofler
Große Zinne (Dolomites) (21 August 1869), with guides Franz Innerkofler and Peter Salcher
References
External links
Grohmanns monument in Urtijëi, publications (checked on October, 2 2010)
1838 births
1908 deaths
Austrian mountain climbers
Austrian male writers
Sportspeople from Vienna
The Game Bakers is an independent game studio based in Montpellier, France. The company are known for creating games for mobile devices including Squids and Combo Crew, but have recently shifted their focus to console and PC games, with Furi.
History
The Game Bakers were formed in 2010 by two former employees of Ubisoft, who worked on AAA licenses, Emeric Thoa and Audrey Leprince. The idea was to "make games as we cook: with a lot of love."
The Game Bakers started by developing games for mobile devices and then decided to focus on consoles and computers games. In 2016, they released Furi.
Games developed
Awards
EIGD Art Direction Award – Squids
Apple's Editor Choice – Combo Crew
References
External links
Official site
Video game companies established in 2010
Video game companies of France
Video game development companies
Companies based in Occitania (administrative region)
Montpellier
French companies established in 2010
Indie video game developers
Privately held companies of France
Richard C. Murphy "Murph" (born 1942) is an American marine ecologist and an author of two books. They earned their Ph.D. from the University of Southern California. Their specialty is marine ecology. They currently live in Bonny Doon, California.
Biography
Education
Murphy earned a B.A. in Zoology (University of California at Los Angeles, 1966) and an M.A. in Marine Biology (California State University at Long Beach, 1969), with a focus on the neuroanatomy (pineal organ) of bluefin tuna. They received a Ph.D. in Marine/Systems Ecology from the University of Southern California in 1982. Their research focused on benthic community metabolism and population ecology of infauna.
Career
Murphy began working with Jean-Michel Cousteau and their father, Jacques Cousteau, in 1968. Starting in 1973, Richard has worked with Jean-Michel Cousteau in creating field study programs for students of all ages. The Ambassadors of the Environment program is the most recent of their educational programs. They have been involved with many projects and expeditions in a vast amount of remote areas around the globe. Dr. Murphy's role in these expeditions has included serving as chief scientist, photographer, writer, educator, or project director. They have participated in Cousteau expeditions conducted in many places such as Papua New Guinea, Fiji Islands, the Caribbean, Indonesia, The Mekong River in SE Asia, the Amazon, Sea of Cortez, Australia and New Zealand. For the last 15 years, Murphy has been the director of science and education for Jean-Michel Cousteau's Ocean Futures Society, a foundation which promotes ocean exploration around the world and educates about protection of ocean ecology.
Murphy is an experienced scuba diver and has been on thousands of dives.
Murphy is one of the 2019-2020 Honorary Member of the Board of Directors at the Seymour Marine Discovery Center in Santa Cruz, California
Works
Books
Murphy, Richard. C. 2002. Coral Reefs: Cities Under the Sea. Darwin Press, Princeton, N.J.
Murphy, Richard. C., Stacey, Pamela. 2005. Water Alive. Water Proof Durabook, New York, N.Y.
Reports and papers presented
Murphy, Richard C. 1971. The structure and ultrastructure of the pineal organ of the bluefin tuna, Thunnus thynnus. J. Morph. 133(1):1-16.
Murphy, Richard C. 1983. The introduced bivalve, Mercenaria mercenaria in a shallow coastal ecosystem: 1) Factors affecting its distribution, 2) Contribution to benthic community metabolism. Ph.D. Dissertation. University of Southern California.
Murphy, Richard C. and James N. Kremer. 1983. Community metabolism of Clipperton Lagoon, a coral atoll in the Eastern Pacific. Bull. of Mar. Sci. 33(1):152-164.
Murphy, R.C. 1985. Waste water and California's Marine Environment. Paper presented to: 57th Annual California Water Pollution Control Association Conference. May 8, 1985, Anaheim, CA.
Murphy, R.C., and J.N. Kremer. 1992. Benthic community metabolism and the role of deposit-feeding callianassid shrimp. Journal of Marine Research 50:321-340.
Murphy, R. C. 1996. A plea for white shark conservation. Pages 5–6 in Klimley, A.P. and D.G. Ainley (eds.) Great White Sharks: The Biology of Carcharodon carcharias. Academic press, San Diego.
Publications and conferences
Murphy, R. C. 1997. Environmental Responsibility At The Jean-Michel Cousteau Fiji Islands Resort. Invited Speaker. World Ecotour 1997, Brazil
Murphy, Richard C. 2000/2001. Kelp beds and coral reefs – A new vision for the next generation. Ocean Realm Magazine. pp 50–53.
Murphy, R. C. 2002. Ambassadors of the Environment Educational Program - A New Vision for the Next Generation. Invited speaker. American Camping Association National Convention, Washington, D.C.
Cousteau, J.M. and R.C. Murphy. 2002. Saving Coral Reefs - Doing Well by Doing Good (a series of articles on coral reefs and 2002 year of ecotourism). In press with the following dive magazines: Immersion Dive Magazine – Spain, Oceans Magazine – France, Ocean Magazine – Czech Republic, Tauchen Dive Magazine – Germany, Dyk Magazine – Scandinavia, Sport Diving Magazine – Australia, Dive New Zealand – New Zealand, Aventura Magazine– Argentina, Diver Magazine – Britain.
Murphy, R. C. 2002 "Ecotourism's Underwater World – The Cousteau Story." Invited Speaker. Pacific Economic Cooperation Council. Quito, Ecuador.
Murphy, R. C. 2003. Coral Reefs: Challenges and Opportunities for Responsible Tourism. Maine Ecotourism Workshop. Ecotourism and Adventure Travel: World Innovations – New Experiences, Expoecoturismo Conference, Venezuela.
Murphy, R. C. 2003. Sustainable Reefs – a new approach to coral reef awareness and action. Invited speaker. 56th Annual Conference of the Gulf and Caribbean Fisheries Institute, Tortola, British Virgin Islands
References
External links
https://www.pbs.org/kqed/oceanadventures/xteam/murph.html
http://www.oceanfutures.org/
http://www.rcmurph.com/
1942 births
Living people
American marine biologists
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
California State University, Long Beach alumni
University of Southern California alumni
Palmers Department Store was an independent and family-run department store located in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. Latterly the company boasted that it was the 'longest established independent department store in the country'.
In late 2018, Palmers was sold to Beales which took over the operations of the brand's Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft branches.
History
Palmers traced its history back to June 1837 when Garwood Burton Palmer opened a small linen and drapery shop in Great Yarmouth Market Place. In 1844 their younger brother Nathaniel Palmer joined the business. In 1888, when Garwood Palmer died at the age of 73, the business transferred into the hands of Nathaniel Palmer's sons and the business became known as Palmer Brothers. The shop was the first building in Great Yarmouth to be illuminated by electricity in the town in 1902.
Palmers survived two major fires and bomb damage. It was until 2018 owned and run by descendants of the store's original founder. The company expanded in the 1990s and 2000s taking on stores in Bury St Edmunds, Dereham and Lowestoft. It has previously had a branch in Red Lion Street, Norwich.
In 2012 a blue plaque was placed outside the Conservative Club of Gorleston by the Great Yarmouth Local History and Archaeological Society, to commemorate the former home of the founder Garwood Burton Palmer.
In 2014 the Dereham store was sold to Basil Todd, and closed in March 2015.
Sale to Beales, administration and closure
In 2018, Palmers' remaining two stores, (Great Yarmouth, in Norfolk and Lowestoft, in Suffolk), were acquired by Beales Department Stores, bringing Palmers' run of being family-owned for 180 years to an end.
When Palmers was sold, a significant loss was taken by the chain's former owner, who realised that there was no future for the department store on its own. The buildings that Palmers owned were sold, Lowestoft for £830,000 and Great Yarmouth for £1.5m; these were then leased back to Palmers. When the chain was sold to Beales, the building leases were also sold and Palmers became a trading name of Beales.
On 20 January 2020, Beales entered administration following continuous losses. Palmers survived the first round of closures announced on 9 February 2020, however it was later announced on 18 February 2020 that all of Beales stores were to close.
At the beginning of March 2020, it was confirmed that the Great Yarmouth store would close on 15 March 2020 and the administrators expected the Lowestoft store to continue trading until the end of March in line with Beales other estate. The cafe at the Great Yarmouth store closed on 7 March 2020 and all access to the lower floors was restricted and on 14 March 2020 the branch of Hays Travel, an ex-Thomas Cook branch, also closed, with all staff being relocated temporarily to Lowestoft whilst a new branch was sought; with the Great Yarmouth store finally closing at 3pm on 15 March 2020.
It was originally anticipated that the Lowestoft branch would continue to trade until at least the end of March or even early-April, however the closure date was brought forward due to the COVID-19 outbreak, and the store closed in line with Beales other stores early on 18 March 2020, after this the Palmers name, as with Beales, ceased to exist ending 183 years of trading.
References
External links
Palmers Department Store
Department stores of the United Kingdom
Retail companies established in 1837
Companies based in Norfolk
Great Yarmouth
The Weatherhead East Asian Institute (WEAI) at Columbia University is a community of scholars affiliated with Columbia's schools, bringing together over 50 full-time faculty, a diverse group of visiting scholars and professionals, and students from the United States and abroad. Its mission is to train new generations of experts on East Asian topics in the humanities, social sciences, and the professions and to enhance understanding of East Asia in the wider community. Since its establishment in 1949 as the East Asian Institute, the WEAI has been the center for modern and contemporary East Asia research, studies, and publication at Columbia, covering China, Japan, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Korea, Mongolia (Inner Asia), Tibet, and, increasingly, the countries of Southeast Asia.
The Weatherhead East Asian Institute (WEAI) and East Asian Studies at Columbia has been recognized by a wide variety of funding sources, including the U.S. Department of Education, which, since 1960, has designated Columbia as an East Asian National Resource Center.
Faculty and scholars at the institute are distinguished by their interdisciplinary and multinational focus. Resources available to the institute community include Columbia University's renowned C.V. Starr East Asian Library and the institute's extensive ties to the business, diplomatic, legal, and media communities in New York City, the nation, and abroad. The institute is also one of the leading centers for developing K-12 teacher resource and training programs in the United States.
In 2003, the institute was renamed the Weatherhead East Asian Institute to honor the generosity of the Weatherhead Foundation. The Weatherhead endowment supports a significant expansion of Institute programs, including the creation of postdoctoral fellowships, visiting professorships, a faculty research program, graduate training grants, student internships, a resident fellows program, and symposiums and workshops. The endowment will also support graduate fellowships for students pursuing advanced degrees in East Asian-related fields.
M.A. Program
The Weatherhead East Asian Institute administers the Master of Arts in Regional Studies—East Asia (MARSEA) program at Columbia. The MARSEA program, completed in two full-time semesters, is tailored to meet the needs of individuals entering professional careers, mid-career professionals, students preparing for entry into doctoral programs, and those pursuing a professional degree, such as the J.D. or M.B.A., who want to gain social science expertise in the modern politics, international relations, modern history, and cultural and social formations of the region with a country focus.
Publications
The institute is also responsible for three major publication series. The first, Studies of the Weatherhead East Asian Institute, was inaugurated in 1962 to bring to public attention the results of significant new research on modern and contemporary East Asia. The books in this series are published by academic and trade presses and represent scholars of East Asia from around the world. The second series, Weatherhead Books on Asia, is published by Columbia University Press and comprises high-quality translations of works in Asian languages for scholars, students, and the interested general reader. The third series, Asia Perspectives: New Horizons in Asian History, Society and Culture, is also published by Columbia University Press and includes books on Asian subjects that cross the usual boundary between scholarly monographs and more encompassing general works for the classroom and the educated general reader.
Weatherhead Foundation
The Weatherhead Foundation, which has supported the East Asian Institute since 1980, was founded by A. J. Weatherhead, Jr. in 1953 and is currently headed by their son, A. J. Weatherhead, III. The Weatherhead Fund at Columbia is named in honor of another of the founder's sons, the late Richard W. Weatherhead, who earned an M.A. in history from Columbia, followed by a Ph.D. in 1966.
The family foundation concentrates on endowments for higher education. Since its establishment, it has supported Case Western Reserve University, Columbia University, Harvard University, the University of Texas at Houston, and Tulane University."
Select institute faculty and scholars
Gerald Curtis
Carol Gluck
Duncan McCargo
Andrew J. Nathan
Haruo Shirane
Madeleine Zelin
References
External links
Columbia University
Research institutes in New York (state)
Anthropological research institutes
Govilon () is a small Welsh village located between Llanfoist and Gilwern near Abergavenny in north Monmouthshire. It is part of the community of Llanfoist Fawr. the population was 1,447 in 2011.
Attractions
The Monmouthshire and Brecon Canal passes through the village. The village has views overlooking the valley of the River Usk and up to the heights of the southern flank of the Black Mountains, Wales. Llanwenarth House, nearby, was built in the 16th century and is operated as a hotel.
Governance
The Llanwenarth Ultra ward (covering Govilon) elects a county councillor to Monmouthshire County Council. Llanwenarth Ultra is also a community ward, electing or co-opting up to six of the twelve community councillors to Llanfoist Fawr Community Council.
References
External links
The History of Govilon
Govilon in the Brecon Beacons National Park
www.geograph.co.uk : photos of Govilon and surrounding area
Villages in Monmouthshire
Brecon Beacons
Zagarise () is an Arbëreshë village and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy.
History
The name of the settlement first appears in official documents in the 16th century. Zagarise became an independent village during the early 19th century, when feudalism was abolished in the Kingdom of Naples.
Geography
Zagarise can be found 28 km north of Catanzaro in the Simeri river valley. The town is bordered by Albi, Magisano, Mesoraca, Petronà, Sellia, Sellia Marina, Sersale, Soveria Simeri and Taverna.
Notable Buildings
A Parish Church known as Santa Maria Assunta can be found here with a Portal built in 1521, while the rest of the church was rebuilt in 1783. There is also a Norman Tower that was built by the Falluca family when they owned the fief of Zagarise.
Gallery
References
Arbëresh settlements
Cities and towns in Calabria
Kargalık, Korkuteli is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
G. Patrick Hunt (born March 22, 1949) is a Canadian politician, who served in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1978 to 1981.
Canadian military career
They served in the Canadian Navy for eight years, and received a BA in economics and political science from Royal Military College of Canada. During this period they spent two years in Victoria at Royal Roads Military College. They completed an exchange tour of duty in the Royal Navy Submarine Service in Hampshire, England, as well as serving as navigating officer of HMC Submarine Ojibwa in Halifax from 1974 to 1975. Hunt retired from the Canadian Armed Forces with the rank of Captain (Naval Lieutenant) in 1975.
Nova Scotia MLA
Hunt was elected as a Progressive Conservative member of the Nova Scotia House of Assembly in 1978, representing the riding of Hants East, and served until 1981. At the time of their election, they were the youngest member of the government having been elected at the age of 29. They served as chairperson of two committees of the legislature: Lands & Forests, and Tourism.
Victoria life
Since 1983, Hunt has lived in Victoria, working in the high technology industry. They founded and continues to operate Compass Solutions, a business and technology consulting firm. They have held executive management and leadership positions in a number of companies. As part of the 1994 Victoria Commonwealth Games, they recruited and project managed a team of 70 workers.
They stood as a Reform Party candidate for Victoria in the 1993 federal election, and was the riding's Conservative Party candidate in the 2011 federal election.
References
Progressive Conservative Association of Nova Scotia MLAs
1949 births
Living people
British Columbia candidates for Member of Parliament
People from Windsor, Nova Scotia
Reform Party of Canada candidates in the 1993 Canadian federal election
Conservative Party of Canada candidates for the Canadian House of Commons
Royal Military College of Canada alumni
Middle Scots was the Anglic language of Lowland Scotland in the period from 1450 to 1700. By the end of the 15th century, its phonology, orthography, accidence, syntax and vocabulary had diverged markedly from Early Scots, which was virtually indistinguishable from early Northumbrian Middle English. Subsequently, the orthography of Middle Scots differed from that of the emerging Early Modern English standard. Middle Scots was fairly uniform throughout its many texts, albeit with some variation due to the use of Romance forms in translations from Latin or French, turns of phrases and grammar in recensions of southern texts influenced by southern forms, misunderstandings and mistakes made by foreign printers.
History
The now established Stewart identification with the lowland language had finally secured the division of Scotland into two parts, the Gaelic Highlands and the Anglic Lowlands. The adherence of many Highlanders to the Catholic faith during the Reformation led to the 1609 Statutes of Iona forcing clan chiefs to establish Protestant churches, send their sons to Lowland schools and withdraw their patronage from the hereditary guardians of Gaelic culture – the bards. This was followed in 1616 by an act establishing parish schools in the Highlands with the aim of extirpating the Gaelic language.
The Danish dependency of Orkney and Shetland had been held by Scottish magnates from the late 14th century. These had introduced the Lowland tongue which then began to replace Norn. In 1467 the islands became part of Scotland.
By the early 16th century Scottis (previously used to describe Gaelic in Ireland as well as Scotland) had been adopted for what had become the national language of the Stewart kingdom. The term Erse (Irish) was used instead for Gaelic, while the previously used term Inglis was increasingly used to refer to the language south of the border. The first known instance of this terminology was by an unknown man in 1494. In 1559 William Nudrye was granted a monopoly by the court to produce school textbooks, two of which were Ane Schort Introduction: Elementary Digestit into Sevin Breve Tables for the Commodius Expeditioun of Thame That are Desirous to Read and Write the Scottis Toung and Ane Intructioun for Bairnis to be Learnit in Scottis and Latin but there is no evidence that the books were ever printed.
From 1610 to the 1690s, during the Plantation of Ulster, some 200,000 Scots settled in the north of Ireland, taking what were to become the Ulster Scots dialects with them.
Later in the period southern influence on the language increased, owing to the new political and social relations with England prior to and following the accession of James VI to the English throne. By the Union of Parliaments in 1707 southern Modern English was generally adopted as the literary language though Modern Scots remained the vernacular.
Orthography
On the whole Middle Scots scribes never managed to establish a single standardised spelling for every word, but operated a system of free variation based on a number of spelling variants. Some scribes used their own variants, but this was relatively rare. The least variation occurred in the later 16th century as printers moved towards fixed spellings. This ended in the 17th century when printers began to adopt imported English conventions. Middle Scots used a number of now obsolete letters and letter
combinations:
þ (thorn) was equivalent to the modern th as in thae. þ was often indistinguishable from the letter y and often written so.
(yogh) in was as in the French Bretagne. It later changed to or leading to the modern spellings with z and y as in Menzies and Cunyie .
(yogh) in initial position was as in ȝear 'year'.
quh was equivalent to the modern wh.
sch was equivalent to the modern sh.
A ligature of long s and short s (ſs, italic ſs), similar to German ß, is sometimes used for s (with variant readings like sis). Encoded in Unicode as and .
The initial ff was a stylised single f.
The inflection -ys, -is realised after sibilate and affricate consonants and other voiced consonants, and after other voiceless consonants, later contracted to and as in Modern Scots -s. The spelling -ys or -is also occurred in other words such as Inglis and Scottis . The older Scots spelling surviving in place names such as Fowlis , Glamis and Wemyss .
d after an n was often (and still is) silent i.e. barrand is = barren.
i and j were often interchanged.
h was often silent.
l after a and o had become vocalised and remained in use as an orthographic device to indicate vowel length. Hence the place names Balmalcolm , Falkirk , Kirkcaldy , Culross and Culter .
i after a vowel was also used to denote vowel length, e.g. ai , ei oi and ui .
u, v and w were often interchanged.
After -ch and -th, some scribes affixed a pleonastic final -t (-cht, -tht); this was unpronounced.
The word ane represented the numeral ane as well as the indefinite article an and a, and was pronounced similar to Modern Scots usage. For example, Ane Satyre of the Thrie Estaitis was pronounced .
The verbal noun (gerund) -yng (-ing) differentiated itself from the present participle -and , in Middle Scots, for example —-the motto of the Gordon Highlanders. Both the verbal noun and present participle had generally merged to by 1700.
Phonology
The development of Middle Scots vowels:
The Scottish Vowel Length Rule is assumed to have come into being between the early Middle Scots and late Middle Scots period. Here vowel length is conditioned by phonetic and morphemic environment. The affected vowels tended to be realised fully long in end-stressed syllables before voiced oral continuants except , in hiatus, before word or morpheme boundaries and before and .
The major differences to contemporary southern English were the now well established early merger of with (dey 'die', ley 'lie'), early 15th century l-vocalisation where (except intervocalically and before ), and usually merged with , and , medial and final was lost (deil 'devil', ser 'serve').
The Great Vowel Shift occurred partially, and remained unaffected, became , , , and became , , and .
Literature
Sample text
This is an excerpt from Nicol Burne's anti-reformation pamphlet Of the praying in Latine (1581):
See also
History of the Scots language
Phonological history of the Scots language
Dictionary of the Scots Language
References
Further reading
A History of Scots to 1700 in A Dictionary of Older Scots Vol. 12. Oxford University Press 2002.
Aitken, A.J. (1977) How to Pronounce Older Scots in Bards and Makars. Glasgow, Glasgow University Press.
Jones C. (ed) The Edinburgh History of the Scots Language, Edinburgh, University of Edinburgh Press.
External links
Scottish Language Dictionaries Ltd
The Palaeography of Scottish Documents 1500 - 1750
Reading Older Scots
Teaching Package
The Scottish Text Society
Scots
Scots language
Scots, Middle
"You Should Have Known" is a song performed by Laura White. It was released on 9 November 2009 in the United Kingdom as the first single from White's upcoming debut album.
The song premiered on White's official website with three other album tracks. Fans then had the chance to log onto the website and vote for their favourite song to be White's debut single. "You Should Have Known" thus won the poll and became the single. It reached No. 32 on the UK Singles Chart on 8 November on the basis of digital downloads but dropped to No. 53 in its second week on the chart.
Promotion
White performed the song on GMTV in August 2009. They appeared briefly on BBC2 children's TV show TMi on 31 October 2009 to promote the single. White also hosted an edition of chart show's Daily Fix. They also appeared on the ITV show, Loose Women, performed on The Alan Titchmarsh Show and had an interview on BBC Breakfast on 2 November 2009.
Meanwhile, press-wise, in November 2009, they did a musically-significant interview with noted UK R&B writer Pete Lewis of the award-winning 'Blues & Soul'.
Chart performance
The song entered the UK Singles Chart on 8 November 2009 at number 32. It was the lowest new entry of the week in the UK Top 40 and was at No. 2 in the UK Indie Singles Chart. The song peaked at # 70 on the Polish Music Charts on download sales only, despite no promotion in Poland.
Track listings
Digital download
"You Should Have Known" – 3:12
Digital download
"You Should Have Known" (Industrial R&B Mix) – 3:28
Digital download
"You Should Have Known" (Oracle Radio Mix) – 3:08
Digital download
"You Should Have Known" (Oracle Radio Mix) – 3:07
"You Should Have Known" (Oracle Extended Vocal Mix) – 7:53
"You Should Have Known" (Oracle Dub) – 6:50
Release history
Credits
Executive Producer – Richard Pierce
Mastered By – Mark Newman
Producer [Vocal Production], Backing Vocals [Additional] – Michelle Escoffery
Producer, Mixed By – Ian Green
Written-By – Ian Green, Michelle Escoffery
References
2009 singles
2009 songs
Guentzel is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jake Guentzel (born 1994), American ice hockey player
Mike Guentzel (born 1962), American ice hockey player and coach
Gabe Guentzel (born 1988), American ice hockey player
See also
Gentzel
The 1993 Georgia Bulldogs football team represented the University of Georgia during the 1993 NCAA Division I-A football season. Georgia completed the season with a 5–6 record.
Schedule
Roster
Season summary
Georgia Tech
A fight broke out late in the fourth quarter following a touchdown pass by Georgia.
References
Georgia
Georgia Bulldogs football seasons
Georgia Bulldogs football
Eli Whitney Blake Jr. (April 20, 1836 – October 1, 1895) was an American scientist. Their father and namesake was an inventor and partner of the Blake Brothers manufacturing firm. The origin of the name Eli Whitney comes from Blake senior's uncle Eli Whitney, who changed the face of the cotton industry with the invention of the cotton gin.
Early life
Blake was born on April 20, 1836, in New Haven, Connecticut. They were one of twelve children born to Eli Whitney Blake and Eliza Maria (née O'Brien) Blake. Through their mother, they were a descendant of the Rev. James Pierpont, one of the co-founders of Yale.
Blake graduated from Yale in 1857, after which they spent a year at Sheffield Scientific School. They were a member of Skull and Bones, class of 1857. Following their time at Sheffield, they traveled to Europe, where they studied chemistry and physics in the universities of Heidelberg, Marburg, and Berlin.
Career
On their return to America, they were made professor of chemistry and physics at the University of Vermont (1867). After less than a year, they went to Cornell University, where they were professor of physics and mechanic arts (1868–1870). During this time they also acted temporarily as professor of physics at Columbia College from 1868 to 1869. From 1870 to 1895, they filled the chair of physics at Brown University.
Although not a well-known figure in the scientific community, Blake was a member of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and other similar associations. They also contributed to various scientific periodicals, such as the American Journal of Science and Arts.
Personal life
On March 8, 1860, Blake was married to Helen Mary Rood (1832–1869), the daughter of Rev. Anson Rood and Alida Gouverneur (née Ogden) Rood (daughter of Rev. Uzal Ogden). Among their family was uncle Nicholas Gouverneur Ogden, a partner of John Jacob Astor. Together, Eli and Helen were the parents of:
Alida Gouverneur Blake (1861–1938), who married Barclay Hazard, the son of Thomas Robinson Hazard and nephew of Rowland G. Hazard.
Eli Whitney Blake III (1867–1902), who died aged 35.
Blake died on October 1, 1895, in Hampton, Connecticut.
See also
John Peirce
References
Cornell University faculty
1836 births
1895 deaths
Yale School of Engineering & Applied Science alumni
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
University of Marburg alumni
Heidelberg University alumni
Brown University faculty
Columbia University faculty
American expatriates in Germany
The 2021 ITF Women's World Tennis Tour is the 2021 edition of the second-tier tour for women's professional tennis. It is organised by the International Tennis Federation and is a tier below the WTA Tour. The ITF Women's World Tennis Tour includes tournaments with prize money ranging from $15,000 up to $100,000.
Key
Month
July
August
September
References
External links
International Tennis Federation (ITF)
3
Izard County is a county located in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2010 census, the population was 13,696. The county seat is Melbourne. Izard County is Arkansas's 13th county, formed on October 27, 1825, and named for War of 1812 General and Arkansas Territorial Governor George Izard. It is an alcohol prohibition or dry county.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Major highways
Arkansas Highway 5
Arkansas Highway 9
Arkansas Highway 56
Arkansas Highway 58
Arkansas Highway 69
Arkansas Highway 69 Business
Arkansas Highway 177
Arkansas Highway 223
Arkansas Highway 289
Arkansas Highway 354
Adjacent counties
Fulton County (north)
Sharp County (east)
Independence County (southeast)
Stone County (southwest)
Baxter County (northwest)
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 13,577 people, 4,851 households, and 3,124 families residing in the county.
2000 census
As of the 2000 census, there were 13,249 people, 5,440 households, and 3,769 families residing in the county. The population density was 23 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 6,591 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.41% White, 1.44% Black or African American, 0.63% Native American, 0.11% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.26% from other races, and 1.13% from two or more races. 1.00% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 5,440 households, out of which 25.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.70% were married couples living together, 7.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.70% were non-families. 27.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.30 and the average family size was 2.78.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 20.90% under the age of 18, 7.10% from 18 to 24, 25.00% from 25 to 44, 25.80% from 45 to 64, and 21.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 43 years. For every 100 females there were 102.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $25,670, and the median income for a family was $32,313. Males had a median income of $22,389 versus $18,450 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,397. About 13.60% of families and 17.20% of the population were below the poverty line, including 22.40% of those under age 18 and 13.70% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Over the past few election cycles Izard County has trended heavily towards the GOP. The last Democrat (as of 2020) to carry this county was Al Gore in 2000.
Communities
Cities
Calico Rock
Horseshoe Bend
Melbourne (county seat)
Oxford
Towns
Franklin
Guion
Mount Pleasant
Pineville
Census-designated places
Mount Olive
Violet Hill
Unincorporated communities
Brockwell
Dolph
Forty Four
Gid
Jumbo
LaCrosse
Lunenburg
Sage
Sylamore
Wideman
Wiseman
Zion
Townships
Athens
Baker (small parts of Horseshoe Bend and Oxford)
Barren Fork (part of Mount Pleasant)
Big Spring
Bryan
Claiborne (small part of Calico Rock)
Drytown (part of Mount Pleasant)
Franklin (most of Frankln, small part of Horseshoe Bend)
Gid
Guion (Guion)
Guthrie
Jefferson (most Horseshoe Bend, small part of Franklin)
Lacrosse (part of Melbourne)
Lafferty
Lunenberg
Mill Creek (most of Melbourne)
Mount Olive
Newburg (small part of Oxford)
New Hope (most of Oxford)
Pleasant Hill
Sage (part of Melbourne)
Strawberry
Union (Pineville, most of Calico Rock)
Violet Hill
White River
Source:
Notable people
Terry Shell, lawyer and judge, served as the United States federal judge in Arkansas from 1975 to 1978
See also
List of lakes in Izard County, Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Izard County, Arkansas
References
External links
Map of Izard County from the U. S. Census Bureau
1825 establishments in Arkansas Territory
Populated places established in 1825
A History of Money and Banking in the United States is a 2002 book by economist Murray Rothbard, released posthumously based on their archived manuscripts. The author traces inflations, banking panics, and money meltdowns from the Colonial Period through the mid-20th century.
References
External links
A History of Money and Banking in the United States (510 pages) in pdf format
Full text of the Introduction by Joseph Salerno (HTML format)
David Gordon's 2002 Review
Review of 2002 Edition by Joseph Stromberg.
Books about economic history
2002 non-fiction books
History of banking in the United States
History books about the United States
Books by Murray Rothbard
The 2012 City of Bradford Metropolitan District Council election took place on 3 May 2012. The elections took place shortly after the Bradford West by-election, in which the Respect Party's George Galloway pulled off a shock victory against the incumbent Labour Party. Held alongside was a referendum on directly elected mayors. The Labour Party were one seat short of an overall majority following the election, leaving the council in no overall control.
Election result
Of the council's 90 seats, 30 were up for election.
Ward results
An asterisk denotes an incumbent.
Baildon ward
Bingley ward
Bingley Rural ward
Bolton & Undercliffe ward
Bowling & Barkerend ward
Bradford Moor ward
Faisal Khan resigned from the Respect Party along with four other councillors in October 2013 and served as an independent councillor until March 2015 when they rejoined the party.
City ward
Ruqayyah Collector resigned from the Respect Party along with four other councillors in October 2013 and served as an independent councillor until March 2015 when they rejoined the party.
Clayton & Fairweather Green ward
Craven ward
In 2008, Adrian Naylor stood successfully in this ward as a Conservative Party candidate.
Eccleshill ward
Great Horton ward
Heaton ward
Mohammad Shabbir resigned from the Respect Party along with four other councillors in October 2013. They served as an independent councillor until April 2015 when they joined the Labour Party.
Idle & Thackley ward
Ilkley ward
Anne Hawkesworth left the Conservative Party in January 2013 and joined The Independents: Adrian Naylor (Craven) and Chris Greaves (Wharfedale).
Keighley Central ward
Keighley East ward
Keighley West
Little Horton ward
Ian Greenwood had been the Bradford City Council leader prior to the election.
Alyas Karmani resigned from the Respect Party along with four other councillors in October 2013 and served as an independent councillor until March 2015 when they rejoined the party.
Manningham ward
Ishtiaq Ahmed resigned from the Respect Party along with four other councillors in October 2013 and served as an independent councillor until March 2015 when they rejoined the party.
Queensbury ward
Royds ward
Shipley ward
Thornton & Allerton ward
Toller ward
163 (3.66%) ballot papers were rejected, compared to 48 (0.96%) in the 2008 election in this ward. Arshad Hussain stood successfully here as a Conservative Party candidate in 2008, before defecting in 2010 following a race row - their vote change corresponds to the 2008 Labour Party candidate, Sobia Kauser.
Tong ward
Wharfedale ward
Wibsey ward
Windhill & Wrose ward
Worth Valley ward
Wyke ward
Referendum result
Mayoral referendums were held in 11 local authorities across England to decide whether to introduce directly elected mayors, as opposed in Bradford to the previous system of Councillors electing a leader of the council. Alongside Birmingham, Coventry, Leeds, Newcastle upon Tyne, Nottingham, Sheffield and Wakefield, Bradford voted against directly elected mayors. Only Bristol and Doncaster voted in favour.
By-elections between 2012 and 2013 elections
Vote changes correspond to the 2012 Council election.
Wharfedale ward
This was triggered by the resignation of Cllr. Matt Palmer, who had stood successfully for the Conservative Party in this ward in the 2003, 2007 and 2011 council elections, in
early October.
See also
Bradford local elections
References
2012
Bradford
2010s in West Yorkshire
80legs is a web crawling service that allows its users to create and run web crawls through its software as a service platform.
History
80legs was created by Computational Crawling, a company in Houston, Texas. The company launched the private beta of 80legs in April 2009 and publicly launched the service at the DEMOfall 09 conference. At the time of its public launch, 80legs offered customized web crawling and scraping services. It has since added subscription plans and other product offerings.
Technology
80legs is built on top of a distributed grid computing network. This grid consists of approximately 50,000 individual computers, distributed across the world, and uses bandwidth monitoring technology to prevent bandwidth cap overages.
80legs has been criticised by numerous site owners for its technology effectively acting as a Distributed Denial of Service attack and not obeying robots.txt. As the average webmaster is not aware of the existence of 80legs, blocking access to its crawler can only be done when it is already too late, the server DDoSed, and the guilty party detected after a time-consuming in-depth analysis of the logfiles.
Some rulesets for modsecurity (like the one from Atomicorp) block all access to the webserver from 80legs in order to prevent a DDOS. WebKnight also blocks 80legs by default. As it is a distributed crawler, it is impossible to block this crawler by IP. The best way found to block 80legs is by its UserAgent, "008". Wrecksite blocks 80legs by default.
References
External links
Web crawlers
{{Infobox person
| name = Dan Scanlon
| image = Dan Scanlon.jpg
| caption = Scanlon at the 2013 Annecy International Animated Film Festival
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Clawson, Michigan, U.S.
| othername =
| alma_mater = Columbus College of Art and Design
| occupation =
| years_active = 1998–present
| spouse = Michele Scanlon
| employer = Pixar Animation Studios (2001–present)
| website =
| notable_works = Monsters UniversityOnward
}}
Dan Scanlon (born June 21, 1976) is an American animator, storyboard artist, director, and screenwriter, working for Pixar, for whom they have directed Monsters University and Onward.
Early life
Scanlon grew up in Clawson, Michigan. When they were one year old and their brother three years old, their father died, and when they were teenagers, a relative gave them a brief audio recording of their father. Scanlon has said that these experiences helped inspire the story of Onward. They graduated with a BFA from the Columbus College of Art and Design in 1998.
Career
Scanlon was an animator for The Indescribable Nth and Joseph: King of Dreams. They served as a storyboard artist for The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea and 101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure.
Scanlon joined Pixar in 2001, where they were a story artist for Cars and Toy Story 3. They co-directed the short film Mater and the Ghostlight. They illustrated part one of Unmentionables, a comic book written by their wife, Michele Scanlon, and wrote and directed the live-action feature film Tracy. Tracy was Scanlon's first feature film as a writer/director. They also served as a member of the senior creative team on Brave and Inside Out.
Scanlon directed the prequel film of Monsters, Inc., Monsters University, released in 2013, to positive reviews and commercial success. They subsequently directed the fantasy-road trip film Onward (2020), featuring the voices of Tom Holland, Chris Pratt, Julia Louis-Dreyfus and Octavia Spencer. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, but lost to another Pixar film Soul''.
Scanlon and their wife Michele live in San Francisco and work together on projects under the production company name Caveat Productions.
Filmography
Feature Films
Independent Films
Short Films
Other Credits
References
External links
1976 births
Animators from Michigan
American male screenwriters
American storyboard artists
American animated film directors
Artists from San Francisco
Columbus College of Art and Design alumni
Film directors from San Francisco
Film directors from Michigan
Living people
Pixar people
Screenwriters from California
Screenwriters from Michigan
Walt Disney Animation Studios people
Paul Charles Craft (August 12, 1938 – October 18, 2014) was an American country singer-songwriter. The Memphis-born Craft was known as the songwriter for Mark Chesnutt's single "Brother Jukebox", and the novelty song "It's Me Again, Margaret", recorded by Ray Stevens, and Craft himself. Between 1977 and 1978, Craft charted three singles on RCA Nashville.
Their song "Keep Me From Blowing Away" was originally recorded by The Seldom Scene on their 1973 album Act II and was then recorded by Linda Ronstadt on their 1974 album Heart Like a Wheel, and has since been recorded by Moe Bandy, T. Graham Brown, Jerry Lee Lewis, The Grascals and Willie Nelson. Their song "Midnight Flyer" was recorded by the Eagles. Their song "Dropkick Me, Jesus" was a No. 17 country hit for Bobby Bare in 1976. They also wrote Moe Bandy's "Hank Williams, You Wrote My Life" and T. Graham Brown's "Come as You Were" among others.
Craft was inducted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame on October 5, 2014.
Craft died at a hospital in Nashville, Tennessee on October 18, 2014, at the age of 76.
Discography
References
External links
biography [archived from the original]
Paul Craft Interview NAMM Oral History Library (2009)
1938 births
2014 deaths
American country singer-songwriters
Musicians from Memphis, Tennessee
RCA Records Nashville artists
Singer-songwriters from Tennessee
Country musicians from Tennessee
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Himeji, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).
Lines
Yobe Station is served by the Kishin Line, and is located 6.1 kilometers from the terminus of the line at .
Station layout
The station consists of two ground-level opposed side platforms connected by a level crossing. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|West Japan Railway Company
History
Yobe Station opened on September 1, 1930. With the privatization of the Japan National Railways (JNR) on April 1, 1987, the station came under the aegis of the West Japan Railway Company.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 2228 passengers daily.
Surrounding area
Hyogo Prefectural University Himeji Shosha Campus
Hyogo Prefectural Himeji Shikisai High School
Himeji Railway Department
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Railway stations in Himeji
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1930
Nossal High School, also referred to as Nossal or NHS, is a Government-funded co-educational academically selective secondary day school, located in the Melbourne suburb of Berwick, Victoria, Australia. The school is named after Sir Gustav Nossal, a prominent Australian immunologist and 2000 Australian of the Year.
Established in 2010, the school caters for students in Year 9 to Year 12. Nossal High School was ranked third out of all state secondary schools in Victoria based on VCE results in 2018.
Overview
The school was opened in 2010, a year before Suzanne Cory High School and John Monash Science School, as per the Brumby State Government's education policies. With its students initially undertaking study in the Berwick campus of Monash University, pending completion of school building construction, Nossal is now located within the same campus, the site of the former Casey Airfields. Prospective students must sit a 3-hour-long uniform entrance examination, testing their knowledge and reasoning in English and mathematics, with the 2017 exam attracting about 3,300 applicants; accepting only around 208 students into their Year 9 cohort. The first Year 12 cohort graduated from the school in 2013.
The school's curriculum follows American educator Howard Gardener's concept of the Five Minds of the Future which includes, for example, the absence of school bells, as students are expected to know when and where to be. Students have access to many extra-curricular programs, such as inter-school sport, debating, music, clubs/societies and various national and international competitions and creative-based events such as the Model United Nations Assembly and the Australian Computational and Linguistics Olympiad.
Nossal High School is part of the Select-Entry Network of Victorian selective schools, alongside Suzanne Cory High School, Mac.Robertson Girls' High School and Melbourne High School.
History
Beginnings
Prior to the school's opening in 2010, the only selective schools in Victoria were the Mac.Robertson Girls' High School and Melbourne High School, both catering for single-sex education, and the arts-focused Victorian College of the Arts Secondary School. The Victorian Government's decision to create a new selective school was based on a number of factors. The increasingly-competitive entrance exam for the already-existing selective schools was excluding students which the Education Department perceived as intelligent and highly-able, but nevertheless unable to secure one of the limited places at the two schools. As well as this, both Mac.Rob and Melbourne High were located in or around the Melbourne city centre, placing a significant transport and logistical for prospective students who lived in the outer suburbs; the notion that elite education had to be linked with gender segregation beginning to be seen as more and more archaic in a 21st-century society. Thus, the decision to open a new selective school, located in the south-east suburb of Berwick was announced to the Victorian public in April 2008 by the then-Premier John Brumby. At the same time, similar announcements were made to establish selective schools in Werribee (to become Suzanne Cory High School) and a science-specialist in the Monash University Clayton campus (to become John Monash Science School); Berwick was prioritised, however, partially since the City of Casey, which it forms part of, was announced as Melbourne's fastest-growing municipality.
Senior Department bureaucrats were tasked with making local connections and setting up plans for the eventual opening of the provisionally-named Berwick Selective Entry High School. Construction works began in the Berwick campus of Monash University in 2009, site of the former Casey Airfields, and the inaugural principal, Roger Page, was appointed in May of the same year. Although the launch of Suzanne Cory was delayed until 2011, Nossal High School was finally opened in 2010, the first-ever joint Select-Entry Network entrance examination held only six months prior. Due to incomplete school facilities, Nossal students initially undertook study in the adjacent Monash University campus; the Jean Russell Centre, a professional development and function/meeting room in the school was opened in Term 3 in 2010. The school's first-ever cohort of Year 9s were admitted in 2010, each year level eventually being added on a yearly-basis; the school reached full capacity in 2013, the year when the first-ever Year 12 cohort graduated from the school. In this year, inaugural Assistant Principal, Toni Meath, left the school to become Principal of Mac.Rob.
Later development
Traditions such as the Foundation Assembly were established which still exists to this day. NHS's infrastructure continued to be developed, a second Music/Gym building completed, as well as a new Student Representative Council (SRC) meeting place and outdoor Information Resource Centre (IRC) section being built.
In 2015 the Class of 2015 achieving NHS's best-ever VCE results. 27.1% of students managed to attain a high study score of 40+ in their individual subjects. The school's highest-ever ATAR rank was recorded in 2019, with the Dux obtaining a perfect score of 99.95. In 2016, Nossal was subject to an international targeted school bombing hoax threat. Requiring both an emergency evacuation and lockdown in the first term of 2016, it was later revealed that hackers 'spoofed' Nossal's phone number to instigate a number of threats around Australia.
Co-curricular activities
Clubs and societies
The Nossal Societies Union (NSU) operating similarly to those of universities, clubs and societies are required to be affiliated with the NSU in order to be recognised by the school and eligible for funding. The NSU's formation in 2017 consolidated the roles of the SRC and the clubs/societies themselves. The NSU is headed by two Presidents. Each club/society is permitted to send one delegate to meetings of the NSU Assembly, with the SRC entitled to one ex-officio representative.
Each club/society is led by one or more students; a 'Supporting Teacher' chosen by each club/society aids it in its operation and liaises with certain persons and/or organisations when it would be more appropriate for a teacher to do so. Some NSU affiliates provide for additional positions within the organisational structure.
Current clubs and societies are:
Organisation
Extracurricular activities
Extracurricular options available to students include: Literature Circle, Chess Club, Debating, Knitting and Environmental activities. Students are also able to join in many sport teams including volleyball, cricket, badminton, table tennis, basketball, soccer, softball, football, hockey, swimming, athletics, cross-country, netball and tennis.
Page Cup
At the end of each year, the house to have accumulated the most points is awarded the Page Cup. Points are attained by participation in the six major events as well as smaller contests held throughout the school year. The six major events are as follows: Swimming Carnival; Athletics; Cross Country; Choral Night; Debating; Monash Grand Challenge (year 9 participation only). Other competitions include Table Tennis, Camp Challenges, Dress Up days, Tug of War and Chess Competitions.
Monash Grand Challenge
The Monash Grand Challenge is a competition held for year 9 students at the end of every school year; the winners gain significant numbers of points contributing to next year's Page Cup. The challenge focuses on developing essay writing, creative, public speaking and problem-solving skills by incorporating each element into the challenge. The final products of each house are judged by Monash University professors and the winner is decided upon by a vote. The winning house gains the Monash Grand Challenge trophy and house points.
Student leadership
Student leadership positions include: School Captains (one male and female of the senior year), Tutorial Leaders, House Captains and Vice House Captains (two from each year level per house), Information Resource Centre Leaders, Information Communications Technology Leaders and Environmental Leaders. Each year level also elects six students to the Student Representative Council (SRC). In addition to this, clubs and societies within Nossal appoint or elect delegates to represent their interests at the Nossal Societies Union (NSU), which acts to lobby school leadership for more extracurricular funding and opportunities for students, organise clubs and societies events, and govern clubs and societies at NHS.
School partnerships
Nossal has had a partnership with Chosei High School, located in Chiba Prefecture, Japan, since 2014. The affiliation includes student exchanges each year, cultural liaison and professional and staff development. The partnership with Chosei was chosen taking into consideration Nossal's offering of Japanese as a VCE subject, as well as Australia's strategic position in the Asia-Pacific.
Chosei High School
Principals
The current individual has served as Principal of Nossal High School:
See also
List of schools in Victoria, Australia
References
External links
Education Dept. Entrance info
2010 establishments in Australia
Public high schools in Melbourne
Educational institutions established in 2010
Selective schools in Victoria (Australia)
Moʻynoq, also spelled as Muynak and Moynaq (Uzbek: Moʻynoq / Мўйноқ; Karakalpak: Moynaq / Мойнақ; Russian: Муйнак/Muynak), is a city in northern Karakalpakstan, an autonomous republic in Uzbekistan. It is the seat of the Moʻynoq District. Formerly a seaport on the Aral Sea, it is now 150 km from the water in the Aralkum Desert and thus is a disaster tourism destination. It is also the location for the biggest electronic music festival in Central Asia.
History
Once a bustling fishing community and Uzbekistan's only port city with tens of thousands of residents, Moʻynoq is now dozens of kilometers from the rapidly receding shoreline of the Aral Sea. Fishing had always been part of the economy of the region, and Moynoq became a center of industrial fishing and canning. However, a 1960s Soviet government diversion of the Amu Darya and Syr Darya rivers sapped the Aral Sea of its inflows, causing much of the lake to dry up and thus leaving the area susceptible to economic collapse. The regional Soviet-led agricultural monoculture dominated by cotton production diverted water from the asupervisorstioned tributary rivers of the sea into irrigation, which resulted in severe pollution caused by agricultural chemical runoff. This, in turn, caused the sea to evaporate and left the remaining water with extremely high levels of salinity, which made it toxic and led to the ecological disaster that is destroying the sea and killing the residents of the towns in its vicinity, including Moynoq.
Moʻynoq's major attractions are the armada of rusting hulks that once made up its fishing fleet during the Soviet era, and a one-room museum devoted to Moʻynoq's heritage as a center of the fishing industry. Poisonous dust storms kicked up by strong winds across the dried and polluted seabed give rise to a multitude of chronic and acute illnesses among the few residents who have chosen to remain, most of them ethnic Karakalpaks, and weather unmoderated by the sea now buffets the town with hotter-than-normal summers and colder-than-normal winters.
Culture
Stihia Festival, the largest electronic music festival in Central Asia, has been held in Moynaq annually since 2018. Described by Vice Media as “a techno rave in an abandoned ship graveyard,” the 2019 event attracted 10,000 people, as well as some of the best DJs in Uzbekistan and Europe.
Stihia means “an unstoppable force of nature” and it is a reference to both the Aral Sea environmental disaster and the power of music to bring people together. The festival is a collaboration of musicians, artists, scientists, engineers, and entrepreneurs, and Stihia N+1, a series of talks about arts, science, and technology, runs alongside the music event.
The Aral Sea Memorial is in the north end of Mo'ynoq, amongst the rusting skeletons of the former fishing fleet. This ships' graveyard is a depressing reminder of the economic impact of the shrinking of the Aral Sea, which is often overlooked in discussion about the environmental disaster.
Moʻynoq Museum has paintings and photographs of the town in its more prosperous days. The exhibits demonstrate the wealth and importance of the place, not only due to fishing but also other industries such as fur farming and rush mat manufacturing.
Wildlife
Saiga antelope can still be found in the wild around Mo'ynoq. Although they migrate in large numbers, the saiga are vulnerable as they are hunted for their meat, and the males' translucent horns are valuable in traditional Chinese medicine.
Mo'ynoq is on a migration corridor for birds flying to and from Siberia, and the brackish pools between Mo'ynoq and the Aral Sea are good spots for birdwatching. It is possible to see approximately 230 species of birds in the region, around half of which breed in the Sudochye Wetland, an internationally recognised Important Bird Area (IBA). 24 of these species are rare or vulnerable, and 13 of them are in the IUCN Red List. These include the critically endangered slender-billed curlew.
Further reading
Disaster By Design: The Aral Sea and its Lessons for Sustainability (Research in Social Problems and Public Policy) by Michael R. Edelstein
References
Populated places in Karakalpakstan
Cities in Uzbekistan
Fishing in the Soviet Union
Draigwenia (meaning "white dragon" from the Welsh ddraig wen, referring to a dragon associated with the Anglo-Saxons) is an extinct genus of pterosaur known from a jaw fragment found in the Late Cretaceous Cambridge Greensand in the United Kingdom. The fossil was likely reworked from an Early Cretaceous layer that can be dated to the Albian. It currently contains a single species, Draigwenia platystomus.
History
The holotype CAMSM B54835, was described in 1870 by Harry Govier Seeley as the holotype of their species Ornithocheirus platystomus. In 1914 Reginald Walter Hooley moved O. platystomus to Amblydectes. It was assigned by David Unwin in 2001 to the genus Lonchodectes, and in 2013 was excluded from the Lonchodraconidae. In a 2021 review of the genus Amblydectes, Borja Holgado considered platystomus a valid taxon and gave it its own genus, Draigwenia, reinterpreting it as an indeterminate member of Lanceodontia.
References
Fossil taxa described in 2021
Pteranodontoids
Early Cretaceous pterosaurs of Europe
Albian genera
The women's allround combination of the 2015–16 ISU Speed Skating World Cup 5, arranged in the Sørmarka Arena in Stavanger, Norway, was contested on 29–31 January 2016. It was the only allround combination competition of the 2015–16 World Cup.
The contest included each skater's time from the 1500 metres and 3000 metres competitions that were raced during the weekend. Martina Sáblíková of the Czech Republic had the best combined result, while Dutch skaters Ireen Wüst and Linda de Vries came in second and third place.
Results
References
Women allround combination
5
Vamp 'til Ready (also released as Jo Jones Sextet) is an album recorded by drummer Jo Jones in 1960 and released by the Everest label.
Reception
Allmusic's Scott Yanow noted "Some songs only use one or two of the horns, but each player gets their spot. Edison was very consistent during the era and Forrest has a few muscular tenor solos. Fans of small group swing and drummers who want to hear Jones in a couple of well-recorded sets will enjoy this". On All About Jazz, David Rickert wrote "Vamp 'Til Ready, is an informal jam session featuring an outstanding line up".
Track listing
"Vamp 'til Ready" (Jo Jones) – 3:25
"You're Getting to Be a Habit with Me" (Harry Warren, Al Dubin) – 2:27
"Should I" (Nacio Herb Brown, Arthur Freed) – 2:45
"Sandy's Body" (Jones) – 2:53
"Thou Swell" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) – 3:30
"Show Time" (Jones) – 3:30
"Liza" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin, Gus Kahn) – 2:37
"But Not for Me" (Gershwin, Gershwin) – 3:00
"Royal Garden Blues" (Clarence Williams, Spencer Williams) – 3:12
"Mozelle's Alley" (Jones) – 3:00
"Sox Trot" (Jones) – 3:20
"In the Forrest" (Jones, Jimmy Forrest) – 2:37
Personnel
Jo Jones – drums
Harry Edison – trumpet
Bennie Green – trombone
Jimmy Forrest – tenor saxophone
Tommy Flanagan – piano
Tommy Potter – bass
References
1960 albums
Jo Jones albums
Everest Records albums
Icarus the Owl is an American alternative rock band based in Portland, Oregon formed in 2009. The band currently consists of vocalist Joey Rubenstein, lead guitarist Tim Brown, percussionist Rob Bernknopf, and bassist Jake Thomas-Low. The band has self-released 5 studio albums titled The Spotless Mind (2009), Love Always, Leviathan (2012), Icarus the Owl (2014), and Pilot Waves (2015), Rearm Circuits (2017) and one EP titled Qualia (2011). The band has participated on the Vans Warped Tour in 2013 and has toured with bands such as A Lot Like Birds, Hail the Sun, Stolas, Eidola, Artifex Pereo, and The Ongoing Concept. In 2015, the band signed with Blue Swan Records and released Pilot Waves, their debut album with the label.
Background
Forming with sole member, vocalist, and guitarist Joey Rubenstein, they wrote and recorded Icarus the Owl's debut studio album The Spotless Mind in early 2009 with Mark Haines on drums, with whom Rubenstein had previously played in the band Kill Your Ex. Mike Black performed bass and would later also join the band, and Dan Schafman performed additional guitars. The album was released on May 28, 2009 through Interlace Audio and was mixed and mastered by Stephan Hawkes. The band wrote and recorded their debut extended play, Qualia, in late 2010 and released it on February 1, 2011. In 2012, the band recruited Rob Bernknopf on drums and A.J. Stacher on the guitar and recorded their second full-length studio album, Love Always, Leviathan, which was released on June 21, 2012 through Interlace Audio.
Throughout 2013, the band released a string of digital singles on their official Bandcamp account being "Jaguar Shark" on March 15, "Houseboat" on April 14, and "Dead Man's Storm" on May 21. Icarus the Owl recruited Zach Mclean on bass and vocals. In 2014, the band wrote and recorded their third full-length studio album Icarus the Owl, which was released on February 4, 2014 through Interlace Audio and was produced, mixed, and mastered by Kris Crummett and Mike Sacco.
On June 30, 2015, it was announced that the band had signed to Blue Swan Records (owned by Will Swan of Dance Gavin Dance, Sianvar and Secret Band) and were recording their fourth studio album set to be released in late 2015. This album was later revealed to be called Pilot Waves and two singles were released in anticipation: "Skysweeper" (which they began touring with before the signing) and "I Am the DeLorean".
The band released the lead single 'Failed Transmissions' for their fifth studio album Rearm Circuits, which was released on December 1, 2017.
Members
Current members
Joey Rubenstein - lead vocals, guitar (2009–present)
Rob Bernknopf - drums, percussion (2011–present)
Tim Brown - lead guitar, vocals (2015–present)
Jake Thomas-Low - bass, vocals (2016–present)
Session members
Dan Schafman - guitar (2009)
Ande Maslyk - drums (2009)
Stephan Hawkes - bass (2011, 2013)
Former member
Tanner Russell - lead guitar, backing vocals (2009-2011)
A.J. Stacher - lead guitar (2011-2015)
Mike Black - bass (2009-2010)
Ryan Warrell - bass, backing vocals (2010-2011)
Zach Mclean - bass, vocals, keyboards (2011-2016)
Mark Haines - drums (2009-2010, 2011)
Brian Fowler - drums (2010-2011)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
The Spotless Mind (2009)
Love Always, Leviathan (2012)
Icarus the Owl (2014)
Pilot Waves (2015)
Rearm Circuits (2017)
Extended plays
Qualia (2011)
Singles
"The Extortionist" (2009)
"Nuclear Towns" (2012)
"Black Fish" (2014)
"Skysweeper" (2015)
"I Am The Delorean" (2015)
"Failed Transmissions" (2017)
"Dream Shade" (2017)
References
American post-hardcore musical groups
Musical groups established in 2009
Musical groups from Portland, Oregon
2009 establishments in Oregon
Lough Beltra or Beltra Lough is a lake in County Mayo, Ireland.
It is located in a mountainous region, west of Croaghmoyle and northeast of Newport. The name in Irish is Loch Bhéal Trá, "lake of the beach mouth".
Wildlife
Lough Beltra is a noted fishery for salmon and sea trout.
See also
List of loughs in Ireland
References
Lakes of County Mayo
Barend Bonneveld (27 November 1887 – 9 February 1978) was a Dutch heavyweight wrestler. They competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics and the 1920 Summer Olympics in Greco-Roman wrestling.
References
External links
1887 births
1978 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of the Netherlands
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Dutch male sport wrestlers
People from Diemen
Sportspeople from North Holland
Brahmamitra was one of the first rulers of the Mitra dynasty, a group of rulers whose name incorporated the suffix "-mitra" and who are thought to have ruled the area of Mathura from around 150 BCE to 50 BCE.
References
Ancient India
Events from the year 1207 in Ireland.
Incumbent
Lord: John
Events
The town of New Ross (the town of the new bridge) was granted a Royal Charter.
Callan, County Kilkenny was founded by William the Marshall.
The Normans attempted to build a motte and bailey at Brian Boru's Fort but were driven off
Hugh de Lacy destroyed Clones Abbey and the town of Clones
Births
Deaths
References
1200s in Ireland
Ireland
Years of the 13th century in Ireland
The 2020 Westmeath Senior Football Championship is the 116th edition of the Westmeath GAA's premier club Gaelic football tournament for senior graded teams in County Westmeath, Ireland. The tournament consists of 12 teams, with the winner not going on to represent Westmeath in the Leinster Senior Club Football Championship this year due to the latter competition's cancellation. The championship was originally planned to start with a seeded group stage and then progress to a knock out stage, however due to the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic this format had to be changed. Instead, teams were drawn into four groups of three teams, before progressing to a knock-out stage.
Garrycastle were the defending champions after defeating St. Loman's Mullingar in the previous years final. The defence of their title came undone however at the ??? stage, when losing to The Downs.
This was Caulry's return to the senior grade after at two year exodus (since their relegation in 2017) when claiming the Westmeath I.F.C. title in 2019, defeating Milltownpass in the final.
On ?? October 2020, ??? claimed their ?th S.F.C. title when they defeated ??? in the final at Cusack Park.
??? were relegated to the I.F.C. for 2021 when losing their Relegation Final. This ended their ??? year stay in the top-flight of Westmeath club football.
The draws for this year's S.F.C. took place on 28 June 2020.
Team changes
The following teams have changed division since the 2019 championship season.
To S.F.C.
Promoted from 2019 I.F.C.
Caulry - (Intermediate Champions)
From S.F.C.
Relegated to 2020 I.F.C.
St. Mary's Rochfortbridge
Group stage
All 12 teams enter the competition at this stage. The format employed in 2019 was not used this year due to the COVID-19 pandemic, but will be re-introduced again in 2021. This year, teams were drawn into 4 groups called Group A, B, C and D. The top two finishers in each group will qualify for the Quarter-Finals. The bottom finishers of each group will qualify for the Relegation Play Off.
Group A
Round 1:
Garrycastle 0-17, 2-7 Athlone, 2/8/2020,
Round 2:
Garrycastle 5-11, 0-5 Caulry, 8/8/2020,
Round 3:
Athlone -vs- Caulry, 22/8/2020,
Group B
Round 1:
Rosemount 1-11, 2-6 Castledaly, 1/8/2020,
Round 2:
Rosemount 2-10, 0-9 The Downs, 9/8/2020,
Round 3:
The Downs -vs- Castledaly, 23/8/2020,
Group C
Round 1:
St. Loman's 5-9, 0-10 Tyrrellspass, 2/8/2020,
Round 2:
St. Loman's 0-17, 1-8 Shandonagh, 8/8/2020,
Round 3:
Tyrrellspass -vs- Shandonagh, 23/8/2020,
Group D
Round 1:
Coralstown/Kinnegad 1-11, 1-6 Mullingar Shamrocks, 31/7/2020,
Round 2:
Coralstown/Kinnegad 0-11, 0-11 Killucan, 7/8/2020,
Round 3:
Mullingar Shamrocks -vs- Killucan, 22/8/2020,
Knock-out Stages
Relegation Play Off
The four bottom finishers from each group qualify for the Relegation Play-Off. The team to lose both matches will be relegated to the 2021 I.F.C.
Quarter-Finals
The winners and runners-up of each group qualify for the Quarter-Finals. The 4 winners will proceed to the Semi-Finals. While the 4 losers will be eliminated from the championship, they will face each other in a "2021 Group A Play-Off" to decide which two teams will be seeded in the top group for the 2021 S.F.C.
2021 Group A Play-Off
The two winners of this round will be seeded in the Group A for the 2021 S.F.C. The two losers will be seeded in Group B of the 2020 S.F.C.
Semi-Finals
The four Quarter-Final winners took place in this year's Semi-Finals.
Final
Leinster Senior Club Football Championship
References
2020 in Gaelic football
Westmeath Senior Football Championship
Westmeath Senior Football Championship
Westmeath SFC
Władysław Wołłowicz () (1615 - 14 September 1668, Vilnius) was a nobleman, commander and statesman of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.
Life
They took part in the Smolensk War and in 1634 was briefly held prisoner by the Russians. In 1639 they became secretary to the hetman of Lithuania - they were also later Royal Secretary. From 1648 to 1650 they took part in suppressing the Khmelnytsky Uprising. During the Swedish invasion they accompanied John II Casimir Vasa to Silesia and they became the only Lithuanian official to sign the Łańcut Confederation. In 1653 they became castellan of Smolensk and in 1656 voivodes of Vitebsk.
In 1658 they took part in the Russo-Polish War, in which they and Nicholas Judyckim suffered a crushing defeat at Miadel on 8 February 1659. In 1667 they became hetman of Lithuania. After John II Casimir's abdication in 1668 they supported tsarevich Feodor (the future Feodor III of Russia) as candidate to be king of Poland.
Sources
Wacław Uruszczak, Fakcje senatorskie w sierpniu 1668 roku, w: Parlament, prawo, ludzie, studia ofiarowane profesorowi Juliuszowi Bardachowi w sześćiesięciolecie pracy twórczej, Warszawa 1996, s. 315.
Field Hetmans of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania
1615 births
1668 deaths
Polish people of the Smolensk War
Polish people of the Russo-Polish War (1654–1667)
Wladyslaw
A collection plate is a notice plate fixed to a post box giving the times of collections and days of the week on which these collections are made. They are used extensively in the UK and Commonwealth countries as well as in most other postal administrations.
British GPO collection plates were formerly made of vitreous enamel but today, they are more usually made of plastic. Collection plates are available in a variety of sizes to fit the various styles of post box in use in Commonwealth countries, principally pillar boxes, wall boxes and lamp boxes.
References
The Letter Box, Jean Young Farrugia, Centaur Press, 1969
Street furniture
Postal systems
The 2009 Pacific Nations Cup is a rugby union tournament held between five national sides on the Pacific Rim: Fiji, Japan, Samoa, Tonga and the Junior All Blacks. The New Zealand Māori team that won the tournament last year will no longer take part in this competition because of a decision taken by the New Zealand Rugby Union. Australia A has also decided to pull out due to a similar decision. The inaugural competition was held in 2006. This year the tournament will begin on June 12 and ends on July 3, 2009 and most of the matches will be hosted by Fiji. The awarding of the key international tournament to the Fiji Rugby Union represents a further boost to the continued development of rugby in the region. The two opening round matches will be played outside of Fiji with Samoa hosting the Junior All Blacks in Apia and Tonga entertaining the Fijians in Nukuʻalofa the following day before the tournament moves to Fiji for a 17-day festival of international rugby spread across three match venues: the ANZ National Stadium (Suva), Churchill Park (Lautoka) and Lawaqa Park (Sigatoka).
The tournament is a round-robin where each team plays all of the other teams once. There are four points for a win, two for a draw and none for a defeat. There are also bonus points offered with one bonus point for scoring four or more tries in a match and one bonus point for losing by 7 points or fewer.
Table
Schedule
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Top scorers
Top points scorers
Source: irb.com
Top try scorers
Source: irb.com
See also
2009 IRB Nations Cup
References
External links
IRB Pacific Nations Cup - from the IRB website (June 12, 2009)
Schedule - IRB website (pdf)
Fiji to host ANZ Pacific Nations Cup 2009 - IRB website, 22 May 2009
2007
2009 rugby union tournaments for national teams
2009 in Oceanian rugby union
2009 in Fijian rugby union
2009 in Samoan rugby union
2009 in Tongan rugby union
2009 in New Zealand rugby union
2008–09 in Japanese rugby union
The Abbey of the Holy Cross was a French Benedictine monastery of nuns founded in the 6th century. Destroyed during the French Revolution, a new monastery with the same name was built in a nearby location during the 19th century for a community of Canonesses of St. Augustine of the Mercy of Jesus.
History
Founding
The abbey was founded in 552 by the Frankish queen, Radegund () as the first monastery for women in the Frankish Empire in what is now the village of Saint-Benoît, Vienne. It was founded due to a threat of excommunication of their husband, King Chlothar I, King of the Franks, by Germain, the Bishop of Paris. To avoid this penalty, the king provided the bishop with the funds to acquire lands near the episcopal palace to construct the Abbey of St. Mary (), as it was originally called . As their third wife had failed to provide them an heir, the king allowed Radegund to become a nun in the new monastery.
The first abbess was Agnes of Poitiers, a former lady in waiting to the queen, who had refused to take this office for herself. The community initially followed the Regula virginum (Rule for virgins) written in 512 by the noted bishop Caesarius of Arles, who had written it for a group of women in their city who had wished to lead lives of greater asceticism.
The monastery was renamed in 567 to the Abbey of the Holy Cross, when Radegond was given a gift by the Emperor of Byzantium of a fragment of the True Cross. As part of the ceremony of processing to the abbey with this sacred relic, they commissioned their friend, the Italian nobleman and religious poet Venantius Fortunatus, later to become bishop of the city, to write a poem to mark the occasion. For this, they produced the hymn Vexilla Regis, considered to be one of the most significant Christian hymns ever written, which is still sung for services on Good Friday.
Rebellion
In 589, an insurrection broke out in the community of nuns which became a scandal throughout the empire. Led by two royal princesses, Basina, daughter of Chilperic I and their cousin, Clotilda, a group of nuns left the abbey and took refuge in a nearby church. There they accused the abbess of the monastery, Leubovère, of both excessive rigor in their treatment of the nuns under their charge and of immorality. The group recruited a large group of men to seize the abbess and confine them Intense fighting took place in the abbey which lasted for days.
Modern era
The abbey was heavily damaged during the French Wars of Religion during the 16th century. What does remain of the ancient abbey buildings dates from that era. They were constructed under Abbess Charlotte-Flandrina of Orange-Nassau, daughter of William the Silent, who had converted to Catholicism and entered the abbey as a nun.
Most of the ancient abbey buildings were destroyed in the course of the French Revolution.
Abbey buildings
Church of St. Radegund
In keeping with Roman law, a mortuary chapel for the remains of the nuns of the abbey was built outside the walls for reasons of sanitation. Originally called the Chapel of St. Mary outside the Walls, it was renamed the Church of St. Radegund in 587 after the former queen was buried there and began to be greatly revered as a saint. King Pepin I of Aquitaine was buried there in 838. Rebuilt in the 11th century within walls built by Eleanor of Aquitaine, the chapel continues to operate as a parish church today.
Pas de Dieu Chapel
Excavations during the early 20th century uncovered the remains of the monastic cell of Radegund and their private chapel, which were destroyed during the Revolution. It takes its modern name, the Chapel of God's Footprint, from a vision the saint had of Christ while they were approaching their death. In it, they described seeing Jesus, who told her, "You are the pearl in my crown." A footprint was left in the stone floor of their cell in the course of the vision. After the Revolution, the stone was placed in the Church of St. Radegund, where it can be seen today.
Relics
The Augustinian canonesses today still preserve several items of note from the ancient abbey. Most significant of these is the relic of the True Cross. Additionally there is the ivory Reading desk of St. Radegund.
References
Sources
Gregory of Tours, Glory of the Confessors, translation by R. Van Dam (Liverpool, 1988)
Gregory of Tours, Glory of the Martyrs; translated by Raymond Van Dam. Liverpool: Liverpool University Press, 2004.
Gregory of Tours, History of the Franks; translation by L. Thorpe (Penguin, 1974: many reprints)
Venantius Fortunatus, The Life of the Holy Radegund; translation by J. McNamara and J. Halborg
Lina Eckenstein, Woman Under Monasticism: Chapters on Saint-Lore and Convent Life between A.D. 500 and A.D. 1500, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1896.
Edwards, Jennifer C. Superior Women: Medieval Female Authority in Poitiers' Abbey of Sainte-Croix. Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2019.
Labande-Mailfert, Yvonne & Robert Favreau, eds. Histoire de l'abbaye Sainte-Croix de Poitiers: Quatorze siècles de vie monastique. Poitiers: Société des Antiquaires de l'Ouest, 1986.
Hahn, Cynthia. Portrayed on the Heart: Narrative Effect in Pictorial Lives of Saints from the Tenth through the Thirteenth Century. Berkeley: University of California Press, 2001.
Benedictine nunneries in France
Christianity in Poitiers
Buildings and structures in Poitiers
Christian monasteries established in the 6th century
Monasteries destroyed during the French Revolution
Augustinian monasteries in France
Monasteries of Canonesses Regular
Scott M. Potasnik (born October 28, 1975) is an American journalist, television host, producer and actor. They were a host of Sexcetera, a travel adventure docu-series. Potasnik is also the co-creator and host of Too Much for TV, a pay per view travel show that aired on iNDEMAND, Host of the Splash News celebrity news pilot and creator and producer of Tokin' Trash, a pilot for Comedy Central. Potasnik has also served as director of production for Mantra Films, production coordinator for the MTV series Jackass, and a producer for MTV series The Lyricist Lounge Show.
Beginning in 2014, Scott could be heard on The Bob and Tom Show, a syndicated morning radio comedy program based in Indianapolis, Indiana. They were known as their "sex desk" correspondent and "fact checker." In 2016 Potasnik became a full-time member of the show with the retirement of Bob Kevoian. Sometime in July 2016 after the return of Kristi Lee, Potasnik and Pat Carlini disappeared without a trace from the show. It appears comedian Josh Arnold was hired to replace Potasnik.
Early life
Scott Potasnik was born in Indianapolis, Indiana the son of Cynthia Edwards and Michael Potasnik. They attended Carmel High School and Ball State University.
References
Sources
External links
Potasnik Productions
Too much for TV
American television personalities
Living people
1975 births
Carlos Isagani "Kaloi" Tabora Zarate (born May 14, 1967) is a Filipino politician, lawyer, and activist who served as a Party-list Representative for Bayan Muna from 2013 to 2022. They were also the deputy minority leader in the 18th Congress.
On July 10, 2020, they were one of the 11 representatives who voted to grant the franchise renewal of ABS-CBN and they are the only partylist representative and one of the three Mindanaoans who voted to grant the franchise.
Early life and education
Zarate earned a bachelor's degree in Commerce with a major in Accountancy at the Notre Dame of Dadiangas University and later a law degree at the Ateneo de Davao University.
Legal career
Upon admission to the Philippine Bar in 1995, Zarate engaged in a small legal practice focused on human rights law, serving a wide clientele including laborers, small farmers, Indigenous peoples, such as the Lumad, and Moro people, urban poor, and political prisoners. Zarate also served on various capacities on different professional associations for lawyers: As coordinator for the Free Legal Assistance Group (FLAG) in Davao City, as Secretary-General of the Union of People's Lawyers in Mindanao and Vice-President for Mindanao of the National Union of People's Lawyers (NUPL). They also once served as the President of the Davao City chapter of the Integrated Bar.
References
External links
Hon. Carlos Isagani T. Zarate member page at House of Representatives of the Philippines
1967 births
Living people
Members of the House of Representatives of the Philippines for Bayan Muna
People from Davao City
People from General Santos
Ateneo de Davao University alumni
Notre Dame Educational Association alumni
Gangsta (stylized as GANGSTA.) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kohske. It has been published in Shinchosha's Monthly Comic @BUNCH magazine since March 2011. The series has inspired a spin-off manga, an audio drama series, an anime television series, and an original novel.
Synopsis
The series revolves around two "Handymen" who take on jobs for both the mob and the police force that no one else can handle. The two, named Worick Arcangelo and Nicolas Brown, work in the town of Ergastulum, which is full of mafia, hoodlums, prostitutes, and dirty cops. After a job of crushing a gang, Worick decided to spare and help the (amnesiac) sole survivor, Alex, under their wing for the time being.
Characters
Main characters
Worick Arcangelo
(formerly Wallace Arcangelo) is Nic's partner. They have been a gigolo since they were thirteen, and views it as their main job. Nic worked as Worick's personal guard, bearing witness to the abuse their father put them through. Nic killed Worick's abusive family (with Worick's permission) twenty-two years ago in a fit of psychotic rage after witnessing Worick's father press a lit cigarette into their left eye, which to this day they wear a patch over. They have hyperthymesia and carries a M1911A1 pistol.
Nicolas Brown
, or Nic, is a "Twilight", or someone with superhuman abilities gained from the drug Celebrer. Nic is the result of a former West Gate mercenary named Gaston Brown sleeping with a Twilight prostitute. Gaston had impregnated the prostitute for the sole purpose of avoiding the expense of hiring a Tagged mercenary, and murdered the woman after Nic was born. Nic was abused by Gaston, who saw them as nothing more than a monster.  They are deaf, and communicates primarily through sign language, but has exceptionally strong vision and lip reading skills. As a child mercenary, they were hired by the Arcangelo family to be Worick's bodyguard. Like all Twilights, they are identified by the dog tags that they wear. With their natural ability, they are a B/5 level Twilight, but gains A/0 level by overdosing on Celebrer.
Alex Benedetto
, or Ally, is a former prostitute. They join the Handymen after the police have Nic and Worick eliminate the gang they were working for, and Worick decides to spare their life. Alex was previously under the control of Barry Abbott, who is suspected to have drugged them to keep them submissive. They only remember a few things, including their name, and later it is revealed that they are not from Ergustulum, the setting of this series and other reason they are not familiar with life in there.  They are learning sign language in order to communicate better with Nic, and on several occasions has comforted Worick when the latter was in the throes of a nightmare.  They are a calm, caring person who is unafraid of violence when Worick, Nic, or Nina, are threatened.  They are revealed to be a talented singer and occasionally works for the Cristiano family in that capacity. They have a younger brother named Emilio, who they worked to support, but hasn't seen them since childhood.
Supporting characters
Dr. Theo
is a doctor who supplies Nic and other Twilights with Celebrer and other treatments. They run a small clinic in District 7 and tries to stay neutral between the rival gangs.  They are missing two fingers on their left hand. Dr. Theo is a kind person except when their clinic and Nina are threatened.
Nina
is a young girl who works at Dr. Theo's clinic as a nurse, and is close friends with Worick and Nicolas.
Chad Adkins
is a police officer in Ergastulum. They hire Nic and Worick to do jobs for the police and often has to clean up their messes when they get into trouble. There are indications in the manga that when Nic and Worick were young teens that Adkins acted as a protector and surrogate father to them.
Daniel Monroe
is a mafia boss, and head of one of the three main 'gangs' in Ergastulum.  They are Nic's former employer.
Delico
is a rank D/0 Twilight who works for the Monroe Family.
Loretta Cristiano Amodio
Fourteen year old daughter of the former boss and current leader of the Cristiano family. They use their family's resources to help Twilights in need. I associates and de facto protectors are Marco Adriano (who has superhuman strength) and Galahad Woeher (a Twilight).
Sir Gina Paulklee
Referred to as 'Sir' by their subordinates, they are a Twilight and head of the Paulklee Guild, which takes in rogue Twilights and hires them out. Gina believes strongly in the Three Laws that govern Twilights, which are based on Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics: No action can be taken against 'normals', obey your master, defend yourself.  They are taller than Nic, which is something they comment that they hate.
Ginger
is a highly ranked Twilight and member of the Paulklee Guild.  They are seemingly Gina Paulklee's Right-hand.  They are a rank S/5 Twilight.
Doug
is a rank A/0 Twilight, like Nic. They worked for the Paulklee Guild and was roommates with Galahad Woeher.
Joel Raveau
is an old woman who runs a shop in Ergastulum, and a frequent customer of the Handymen.
Uranos Corsica
is the head of the Corsica Family. They have a large scar on their forehead. They bear an intense dislike toward Twilights.
Constance Raveau
is the owner of a gun shop who is on friendly terms with the handymen.
Media
Manga
The manga, which is written and illustrated by Kohske, was launched in March 2011 in Shinchosha's Monthly Comic @ Bunch magazine. Gangsta. is the author's first manga series, after they debuted in Shōnen Gangan in 2009 with a short story. Viz Media announced in July 2013 that it had acquired the rights to publish Gangsta. in North America, with plans to release a new volume on a tri-monthly basis. The series went on hiatus due to Kohske's health in November 2015. In January 2016, they posted on Twitter that they were preparing to resume the series. The series resumed publication on 20 May 2017.
The manga inspired a spin-off series, titled Gangsta.:Cursed. EP_Marco Adriano, which began serialization in the fourth volume of the Quarterly Comic Go Go Bunch magazine, preceded by a prologue in the third volume, which was published on 9 April 2014. The series is illustrated by Syuhei Kamo. Gangsta.:Cursed. EP_Marco Adriano focuses on mafia staff member Marco Adriano, a character from the original manga. The first collected volume was published on 9 July 2015. In December 2016, Viz Media announced that it had licensed the manga and would release it on December 20. Go Go Bunch ceased publication in 2018, and the manga's final chapter was featured in the last issue on February 9, 2018. Viz Media announced in April 2016 that it had licensed the series under the title Gangsta.: Cursed.
List of volumes
The series has been collected into eight tankōbon volumes, seven of which have been republished in English. The fifth volume made it onto The New York Times manga best sellers list, ranking at number three.
Gangsta.: Cursed
Audio drama
The manga has been adapted into a series of audio drama CDs, released by Frontier Works, the first of which was released on 21 August 2014. The series was originally intended to end with the third CD, but five have been released as of June 2015. It was announced in November 2015 that the sixth and seventh CDs, scheduled for 25 November 2015 and 27 January 2016, respectively, had been delayed until further notice. They were eventually released in March and May 2016.
Anime
An anime adaptation was announced through a wrap-around jacket on the sixth tankōbon volume in Japan. It was later confirmed through the series' official Twitter account for the drama CD and anime project that it would be a TV anime, and would be produced by Manglobe as their final anime television series before succumbing to bankruptcy. The series is directed by Shūkō Murase and Kōichi Hatsumi, with character designs by Yōichi Ueda and music by Tsutchie. Shinichi Inotsume is in charge of series composition, while Koichi Hatsumi serves as series director. Additional crew include Masahiro Kubota (art design), Masatoshi Kai (art direction), Yuuko Saitou (color design), and Shinobu Tsuneki (prop design). Yuuichirou Nagata from Asahi Production serves as the series' director of photography. Tomoki Nagasaka is the series' editor, and Yukio Nagasaki serves as sound director. The cast from the audio drama return to voice their characters in the anime. The opening theme song is "Renegade" by STEREO DIVE FOUNDATION, while the ending theme song, performed by Annabel, is .
The series began airing in Japan on 1 July 2015, and was broadcast on Asahi Broadcasting Corporation (ABC), Tokyo MX, TV Aichi, and BS11 in Japan, and was streamed on the Bandai Channel and Niconico. The anime is licensed by Funimation in North America, and was simulcast on their website as it aired in Japan. Funimation also streamed an English dub of the series. Crunchyroll licensed the series for simulcast in France and French speaking territories (Belgium, Luxembourg, Switzerland, Andorra, Monaco, Tunisia, Algeria, Morocco, New Caledonia, and Quebec). AnimeLab licensed the series for simulcast streaming in Australia and New Zealand, and Anime Limited licensed the series for streaming on Viewster in the United Kingdom. The series switched from a Wednesday broadcast date to a Sunday one starting with the fifth episode.
List of episodes
Home video
The first two episodes were released on Blu-ray/DVD on 25 September 2015, with each further two episodes originally scheduled to be released once a month, followed by the complete box set on 24 February 2016. Starting with the third volume, however, the home video releases were delayed until further notice. The releases were finally resumed 16 months after the original delay, with the third volume released on 24 March 2017 and the sixth and final volume released simultaneously with the complete set on 23 June 2017.
Novel
An original novel based on the series and written by Jun'ichi Kawabata was released on 1 August 2015 as part of Shinchosha's Shincho Bunko nex series.
Reception
Rebecca Silverman, reviewing the first English volume for the Anime News Network, gave it an overall score of B+, giving the story a B+ grade and the art a grade of B. They were positive toward the characters and story, commenting that the author "makes some interesting choices with their characters", but felt the art was occasionally subpar, pointing out an image that was reused three times, and commented that the name of the city "sounds like some sort of stomach disorder". Reviewing the second volume, they remarked on improvements in the author's art style and praised the development of Worick, but criticized Alex's reduced presence. They were also positive toward the third volume, writing "Gangsta. is so gritty that you kind of feel like brushing off your skin after reading it, but it's that way with a purpose that is starting to become clear and it's going to feel like a really long wait for volume four".
Reviewing the first three episodes of the anime, Gabriella Ekens stated that it was "a languid execution of a promising story". They also criticized the series' musical score and animation. They stated, however, that they were looking forward to the show, and that "its flaws are as intriguing as its strengths."
References
External links
2014 radio dramas
2015 Japanese television series endings
2015 Japanese novels
Adventure anime and manga
Anime series based on manga
Bandai Visual
Funimation
Japanese crime television series
Japanese radio dramas
Literature about deaf people
Manglobe
Neo-noir
Organized crime in anime and manga
Shinchosha books
Shinchosha manga
Seinen manga
Television shows about deaf people
Thriller anime and manga
Viz Media manga
Horseed is a district of Marka, a city in the Shabelle Hoose region in southern Somalia. Its geographical coordinates are 1° 45' 0" North, 44° 38' 0" East.
References
Populated places in Lower Shebelle
Dvoriki () is a rural locality () in Verkhnelyubazhsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Fatezhsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:
Geography
The village is located on the Yasenok River (a right tributary of the Svapa River), 108 km from the Russia–Ukraine border, 64 km north-west of Kursk, 19 km north of the district center – the town Fatezh, 5 km from the selsoviet center – Verkhny Lyubazh.
Climate
Dvoriki has a warm-summer humid continental climate (Dfb in the Köppen climate classification).
Transport
Dvoriki is located on the federal route Crimea Highway (a part of the European route ), 22.5 km from the route (a part of the European route ), 1 km from the road of intermunicipal significance (M2 "Crimea Highway" – Yasenok), 26 km from the nearest railway station Kurbakinskaya (railway line Arbuzovo – Luzhki-Orlovskiye).
The rural locality is situated 65 km from Kursk Vostochny Airport, 186 km from Belgorod International Airport and 238 km from Voronezh Peter the Great Airport.
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Fatezhsky District
Saraçlı, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Giovanni Battista Giusti (c. 1624 - c. 1693) was a musical-instrument maker. They were a student first of Giovani Battista Boni, then Girolamo Zenti. They lived in Lucca, Italy.
References
External links
Museum Nord; Harpsichord by Giovanni Battista Giusti
Harpsichord makers
Italian musical instrument makers
1620s births
1690s deaths
Blythewood is a historic house in Columbia, Maury County, Tennessee, USA.
History
The house was built in the Antebellum Era for Thomas Keesee, a carriage maker. Completed , the house is in the French Colonial style, unusual for this part of Tennessee.
During the American Civil War of 1861–1865, it belonged to the Wilson family. It was later acquired by Colonel P. C. Bethell, followed by Colonel R. E. Rivers, and finally by Colonel E. H. Hatcher.
Heritage significance
It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since April 11, 1973.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Houses in Columbia, Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Maury County, Tennessee
Peçenek, Kazan is a village in the District of Kazan, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kahramankazan District
Neighbourhoods of Kazan
Star Radio Malawi is a private FM radio station in Malawi. Based in Blantyre, the station broadcasts across the country. It broadcasts on 88.7, 87.9, 94.4, 98.5 and 96.5 MHz
References
http://www.bestofmalawi.com/news/160/.../1812/2009-04-07.html
External links
http://www.starradiomw.com
Radio stations in Malawi
Radio stations established in 2006
Mass media in Blantyre
Hey Violet is an American pop rock band from Los Angeles, California, consisting of Rena Lovelis (lead vocals, bass), Nia Lovelis (drums, percussion, piano, keyboards, synthesizers, backing vocals) and Casey Moreta (lead and rhythm guitar, backing vocals).
Formed in 2008 as Cherri Bomb while its members were still in middle school, the band was originally an all-female hard rock group, consisting of Julia Pierce (lead vocals, lead guitar), Miranda Miller (rhythm guitar, keyboards, backing vocals), Rena Lovelis (bass, backing vocals), and Nia Lovelis (drums, percussion, backing vocals). In 2013, Pierce left the band and was later replaced by Casey Moreta. In 2015, the group changed their name to Hey Violet and drastically altered their sound. They later signed to Hi or Hey Records, founded by 5 Seconds of Summer, whom they supported on the Rock Out with Your Socks Out and Sounds Live Feels tours.
Iain Shipp (bass, keyboards) joined the band officially in September 2016 but left in 2019. In August 2017, Miller announced their departure from the band via social media.
History
2008–2013: Cherri Bomb and Pierce's departure
Cherri Bomb consisted of Julia Pierce on vocals and lead guitar, sisters Nia and Rena Lovelis on drums and bass respectively, and second guitarist Miranda Miller. Although all four were born on the east coast of the United States, they each moved to California for better opportunities in music. Pierce said that at around 10 or 11 years old they had the vision of forming a rock band with girls their own age, and eventually recruited the other members after putting flyers up around Los Angeles and advertisements on Craigslist. Nia was the first they teamed up with and, after trying out some other musicians, Miller joined after sending them videos of their playing and singing. Needing a bassist to complete the lineup, they asked Nia's sister Rena, who played guitar, to take up bass temporarily, but it became permanent. Miller stated that the group formed with the concept of all four being capable of singing lead on different songs. The name Cherri Bomb originated from the book Cherry Bomb The Ultimate Guide to Becoming a Better Flirt, a Tougher Chick, and a Hotter Girlfriend, and to Living Life Like a Rock Star by Carrie Borzillo, which Nia and Rena were reading and recommended to the others. Miller said, "After reading it, we kinda decided that name really fit our personality because it is about being a rocker chick. It was really just cute, funny and awesome".
Rena said their first show with the band was to an audience of 40,000 on Independence Day 2009 at Warner Park in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles. Nia and Rena's mother, Anastasia, had previously played in a band with former Hole and Mötley Crüe drummer Samantha Maloney. Maloney took on the job of managing Cherri Bomb and got them their first tour, opening for the Smashing Pumpkins in 2010. On June 14, 2011, they signed to Hollywood Records, and on October 18, 2011, they released their debut EP, Stark. It includes a cover of "The Pretender", which the Deseret News reported earned them a spot opening for the Foo Fighters after Dave Grohl heard it.
Cherri Bomb were also an opening act for bands such as Bush, Camp Freddy, Filter, Staind and Steel Panther. They played European festivals, including Oxegen in Ireland (the youngest act to appear), T in the Park in Scotland, Sonisphere and the Reading and Leeds Festivals. The band released their first studio album, This Is the End of Control, on May 15, 2012, which charted on Billboards Top Hard Rock Albums at number 24 and Top Heatseekers at number 11. They appeared on the Warped Tour in July–August 2012. In August 2012, they toured with the Welsh rock band Lostprophets.
On January 23, 2013, Cherri Bomb announced on their Facebook page that they had parted ways with Pierce. When asked the reasoning behind the departure, Miller commented on their Tumblr that it was due to "creative differences", and that "we went our separate ways because we wanted to go in one direction and they wanted to go in another." However, after Pierce's departure was announced they took to their own Facebook page and clarified that they did not leave the band voluntarily. Pierce stated, "When I started Cherri Bomb five years ago, I envisioned something beautiful for this band. It's unfortunate that I'm no longer part of it. Sadly, what has happened wasn't my decision. I never imagined it ending up this way." Pierce later reflected on the split in 2017 saying, that, with the members all being minors, their parents "made things so much more complicated. It just got to a point where we weren't working together anymore. It was obvious that the families really wanted to go in a different direction than I did, so we parted ways. It worked out for the best. Now they're doing what they want to do and so am I."
In February 2013, the band also parted ways with Hollywood Records. That same month, the remaining members announced that they were writing new material and wanted to explore different musical avenues and not "put a definition on what our sound will turn out to be". Miller said that their and Rena were taking over lead vocals and that they were open to finding another lead guitarist or just staying a trio; "We're currently jamming with some friends and great musicians and trying different things out." Guitarist Casey Moreta joined Cherri Bomb that year on a temporary basis. On March 9, 2013, Moreta was asked to join the band permanently while performing on stage at The Viper Room.
2015–2018: Rebranding as Hey Violet and From the Outside
On February 18, 2015, after Pierce's departure the remaining members announced on their official YouTube channel that they had changed their name to Hey Violet. On March 19, 2015, they released their new single "This Is Why". On March 24, it was confirmed that they would be signed to Hi or Hey Records, 5 Seconds of Summer's partnership of Capitol Records. On June 15, Hey Violet announced that they would be releasing their first EP I Can Feel It in July. The band were the opening support act for 5 Seconds of Summer on the European and North American legs of their Rock Out with Your Socks Out Tour. In both the European and USA/Canadian legs of the tour, they played free acoustic sets outside the show venues for fans. The band also went on its own European headlining tour in winter 2015. It was during this tour that Rena Lovelis stopped playing the bass to focus on their vocals, and a temporary bassist was brought on. They continued to open for 5SOS on the North American leg of their 2016 Sounds Live Feels World Tour. During this tour, new touring bassist Iain Shipp was introduced, and was later made an official member of the band in September 2016.
Their second EP Brand New Moves was released in August 2016, with follow-up single "Guys My Age" in September 2016. The song was the group's first commercial success, charting in the United States, Canada, and Australia.
In March 2017, "Break My Heart" was released as the second single from their second studio album, From the Outside. The album was released on June 16, 2017. The song had minor commercial success. The third and final single, "Hoodie" was released in August. On August 31, Miller announced their departure from the band via the group's social media accounts, stating that touring had become "grueling".
Looking back on the beginning years of Hey Violet, Rena admitted that they were "feeling put into a bit of a box," not getting to explore their sound as much as they wanted to.
2019–present: Singles and Shipp's departure
The band released a new single titled "Better by Myself" on April 12, 2019, along with a music video, directed by Marcella Cytrynowicz.
On April 16, 2019, following allegations of sexual assault, Hey Violet announced Shipp's departure from the band via Twitter.
Throughout 2019, the band released a slew of singles, including "Close My Eyes" on June 21, "Queen of the Night" on July 19, and "Clean" on October 17.
On March 12, 2021, after not releasing any music for the year of 2020, the band released a new single called "Friends Like This" and announced they'll be releasing three more EPs that, according to Hollywood Life, will be about loss, falling to their vices and growing from your mistakes. Rena admits that "Friends Like This" is about "how [she] leaned into so many unhealthy habits trying to escape [her] own mind that [she] couldn't even connect" with those around them The first EP in the series, Problems, addresses loss and loneliness, while the second EP focuses on vices that "satiate the longing for wholeness." Problems are released on June 18, 2021. On October 22, 2021, the second EP in the series, Deep End was released. The final EP in the series, Bloom, was released on April 29, 2022.
Musical style
Hey Violet's musical style has been described as pop punk, pop, EDM pop rock, and electropop. Rena has cited female musicians like Alanis Morissette, Amy Winehouse, Hayley Williams, Janis Joplin, Kate Bush, Stevie Nicks, and Taylor Swift as influences, while Nia draws inspiration from Beyoncé and Madonna's performances. As Cherri Bomb, their music was referred to as hard rock and alternative rock. Pierce cited the Foo Fighters, My Chemical Romance, Muse, Paramore, and the Smashing Pumpkins as influences on the original band.
Band membersCurrent members Rena Lovelis – lead vocals , bass , backing vocals
Nia Lovelis – drums, percussion, piano, backing vocals , keyboards, synthesizers
Casey Moreta – lead guitar, backing vocals , rhythm guitar Former members Julia Pierce – lead guitar, lead vocals
Miranda Miller – rhythm guitar, keyboards, backing vocals , synthesizers
Iain Shipp – bass, synthesizers , keyboards Touring members Edison Lo – bass
Vicky Warwick – bass, keyboards Timeline'''
DiscographyThis Is the End of Control (2012)From the Outside'' (2017)
Awards
Tours
Headlining
Hey Violet Live (2019)
Promotional
From The Outside UK Tour (2017)
Supporting
5 Seconds of Summer – Rock Out with Your Socks Out Tour (2014–2015)
5 Seconds of Summer – Sounds Live Feels World Tour (2016)
Olivia O'Brien – It Was a Sad F*cking Tour (2020)
References
External links
2008 establishments in California
Alternative rock groups from California
American musical trios
American pop rock music groups
Capitol Records artists
Hard rock musical groups from California
Hollywood Records artists
Musical groups established in 2008
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Pop punk groups from California
Hestenes is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Arne Hestenes (1920–1995), Norwegian journalist
David Hestenes (born 1933), American theoretical physicist and science educator
Magnus Hestenes (1906–1991), American mathematician
Ola M. Hestenes (1919–2008), Norwegian politician
Olav Hestenes (1930–1996), Norwegian barrister
Norwegian-language surnames
Peter D. Welch is a scientist and researcher in the area of computer simulation, as well as applied mathematics, applied statistics, and computer science. A former IBM researcher, they are best known for their work with Welch's method to reduce signal noise.
Education
Welch received their M.S. in Mathematics from the University of Wisconsin (1951), M.S. in Physics from New Mexico State University (1956) and Ph.D. in mathematical statistics from Columbia University (1963).
Career
Welch joined IBM Research at the Thomas J. Watson Research Center in Yorktown Heights, New York, where they conducted research and development for over three decades. At IBM Research they worked in the areas of speech recognition, spectral estimation, queueing theory, seismic signal processing, fast Fourier methodology, pattern recognition, computer and communication system performance modeling, simulation output analysis, and graphics system design.
Welch played a role in promoting simulation as a rigorous discipline during their service as the Simulation Department Area Editor of Operations Researches (1983-1987). Welch's paper on the "use of fast Fourier transform for the estimation of power spectra" or Welch's method, has been cited over 5,000 times and remains widely used to reduce noise caused by imperfect and finite data.
Awards
Welch received the Institute for Operations Research and Management Sciences (INFORMS) Simulation Society "Distinguished Service Award" in 2010 and its "Lifetime Professional Achievement Award" in 2013. The INFORMS Lifetime Professional Achievement Award cites Welch's 62-year career marked by "contributions of fundamental importance not only in the field of computer simulation but also in the broader fields of applied mathematics, applied statistics, computer science." Since the mid-1970s, states INFORMS, "Peter has made groundbreaking contributions to the theory and practice of computer simulation, to the dissemination of knowledge in that field, and to the development of simulation-related software systems."
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Wisconsin alumni
New Mexico State University alumni
Columbia University alumni
IBM Research computer scientists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Nationality missing
Mariel Maciá (born 24 August 1980) is an Argentine-Spanish film director, theater director, screenwriter, and producer.
Biography
As of 2018, Mariel Maciá has written and directed six short films. The first of them, Despedida (o la crisis argentina), was released in 2003. El gran plan (o las parejas de Ana) (2005), Leo y Abril (o la historia de un guión) (2006), and Dos extraños (o como nos conocimos) (2006) complete the first part of their work.
In 2006 their short film Flores en el parque (o los primeros besos) obtained more than 600,000 views on YouTube. It was entered in film festivals, culminating in seven awards:
LesGaiCineMad (Madrid, Spain): Best Spanish Work and Best Short Film
(Huelva, Spain): Chameleon of the Official Jury for the Best Short Film on Video
QCinema International Festival (Texas, United States): Best Dramatic Short Film
Dunas Short Film Festival (Fuerteventura, Spain): Best Female Performance (Diana Díez)
CineGaiLast Festival (Gijón, Spain): Best Short Film
International Short Film Festival of São Paulo (São Paulo, Brazil): Silver Rabbit for Best Short Film
In 2007 they wrote, produced, and directed the short film A domicilio (o incluso también el amor). It premiered at LesGaiCineMad and was subsequently entered in other LGBT film festivals such as Outfest (Los Angeles, United States), Frameline (San Francisco, United States), and the London Lesbian and Gay Film Festival (London, United Kingdom). It received the following awards:
LesGaiCineMad (Madrid, Spain): Best Spanish Work and Best Short Film
International Cineffable Festival (Paris, France): Best Medium-length Fiction Film
Long Island Gay and Lesbian Film Festival (New York, United States): Best Female Short Film
(Gran Canaria, Spain): Best Short Film
In 2008 Maciá premiered the play Monólogos de Bollería Fina at the Madrid Pride Day and it returned to be revived at the 2010 Pride Day. In Barcelona it was also performed at the in 2008 and revived there in 2010.
In 2010 they participated in the new technologies and formats round table at the 2nd International Meeting of the (CIMA) within the Agenda of the Presidency of the European Union of Spain. Subsequently, they have participated regularly in round tables, seminars, and congresses related to films made by women and new technologies.
They served as a member of the CIMA Board of Directors in 2011.
Filmography
2003 – Despedida (o la crisis argentina) (short)
2005 – El gran plan (o las parejas de Ana) (short)
2006 – Leo y Abril (o la historia de un guión) (short)
2006 – Dos extraños (o como nos conocimos) (short)
2006 – Flores en el parque (o los primeros besos) (short)
2007 – A domicilio (o incluso también el amor) (short)
References
External links
1980 births
21st-century Argentine women writers
21st-century Argentine writers
21st-century Spanish women writers
Living people
Argentine expatriates in Germany
Argentine film directors
Argentine screenwriters
Argentine theatre directors
Argentine women film directors
Argentine women film producers
Argentine lesbian writers
LGBT artists from Argentina
LGBT theatre directors
People from Salta
Spanish theatre directors
Spanish women film directors
Spanish women screenwriters
Women theatre directors
21st-century Spanish screenwriters
Paul Duda (born c. 1943) was a Canadian football player who played for the 1965 Hamilton Tiger-Cats, 1965-1969 Norfolk Norfolk Neptunes (2) and ended their career in 1970 with the Orlando Panthers (2). They won the Grey Cup with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats in 1965. They played college football at Cortland State University.
References
2. https://www.profootballarchives.com/playerd/duda00400.html
1940s births
Hamilton Tiger-Cats players
Living people
The Prince of Wales was a theatre in Castlereagh Street, Sydney, New South Wales. It was destroyed by fire and rebuilt twice; the second time as the Theatre Royal.
History
The theatre, near the corner of King and Castlereagh streets, was built for Joseph Wyatt, who had earlier built the Royal Victoria Theatre in Pitt Street, and opened on 12 March 1855 with William Dind their co-manager.
It was designed to accommodate around 3,000 patrons: 1500 in the pit (stalls), 500 in the dress circle; gallery 500 and upper boxes 750.
The first lessee was J. Gordon Griffiths, and the first production was Knowles' The Hunchback, starring Mr and Mrs Waller.
Wyatt was forced to sell the theatre in 1858; they were declared insolvent and died 19 July 1860. The theatre was destroyed by fire on the morning of 3 October 1860. It started at Holmes's bakery adjoining; three people died as a result of a wall of the burning theatre collapsing.
It was rebuilt as the Prince of Wales Opera House by Robert Fitzgerald and opened on 23 May 1863 with Flotow's Martha, played by Lyster's Opera Company. Robertson died in 1865 and ownership of the theatre passed to their children by their first wife.
David Crabb lost money as lessee; Edgar Ray followed in 1867, and despite spending a fortune on improvements and a high-class production of Leman Rede's Our Village, theatre-goers stayed away and they too are driven to insolvency. By 15 November 1867 George Coppin had taken over as lessee, with J. R. Greville as stage manager; William Dind succeeded Coppin in 1868.
The theatre was destroyed by fire on the morning of 6 January 1872. Two firefighters were killed when a wall of the burning theatre collapsed and another died of injuries. Their names were James
Coates, Henry Vaughan, and Charles Tost. The last performance at the theatre was the pantomime The House that Jack Built which had been losing money. The theatre manager William Dind, who was uninsured, lost heavily and quit the business.
It was rebuilt for Samuel Lazar as the Theatre Royal, which opened on 11 December 1875 with H. J. Byron's Daisy Farm, Adelaide Bowring and W. J. Holloway in the leading roles.
Notes and references
Former theatres in Sydney
1856 establishments in Australia
1872 disestablishments in Australia
The 1927 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Drake University as a member of the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1927 college football season. In its seventh season under head coach Ossie Solem, the team compiled a 3–6 record (1–2 against MVC opponents), placed ninth in the MVC, and was outscored by a total of 158 to 89.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Yazısöğüt is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Şereflikoçhisar District
Grenville was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly of the Parliament of the Province of Canada, in Canada West. Based on Grenville County, it was located on the north shore of the Saint Lawrence River, east of Lake Ontario. It was created in 1841, upon the establishment of the Province of Canada by the union of Upper Canada and Lower Canada. Grenville was represented by one member in the Legislative Assembly. It was later split into two ridings, in a redistribution.
Boundaries
Grenville electoral district was located on the north shore of the Saint Lawrence River in the eastern area of Canada West, east of Kingston. It was based on Grenville County (now the United Counties of Leeds and Grenville).
The Union Act, 1840 had merged the two provinces of Upper Canada and Lower Canada into the Province of Canada, with a single Parliament. The separate parliaments of Lower Canada and Upper Canada were abolished.Union Act, 1840, 3 & 4 Vict., c. 35, s. 2. The Union Act provided that the pre-existing electoral boundaries of Upper Canada would continue to be used in the new Parliament, unless altered by the Union Act itself.
Grenville County had been an electoral district in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada, and its boundaries were not altered by the Union Act. Those boundaries had originally been set by a proclamation of the first Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada, John Graves Simcoe, in 1792:
The boundaries had been further defined by a statute of Upper Canada in 1798:
Since Grenville electoral district was not changed by the Union Act, those boundaries continued to be used for the new electoral district. Grenville was represented by one member in the Legislative Assembly.
Members of the Legislative Assembly
Grenville was represented by one member in the Legislative Assembly. The following were the members for Grenville.
Abolition
The district was later split into two different ridings, in a redistribution.
References
.
Electoral districts of Canada West
Air Marshal Sir Geoffrey Howard Dhenin, (2 April 1918 – 6 May 2011) was a British physician and senior Royal Air Force officer. From 1974 to 1978, they served as Director General of the RAF Medical Services.
Early life and education
Dhenin was born on 4 April 1918, three days after the formation of the Royal Air Force, in Bridgend, Glamorgan, Wales. They were educated at Hereford Cathedral School, then an all-boys grammar school in Hereford, Herefordshire. Having won a scholarship, they studied Natural Sciences at St John's College, Cambridge. They then continued their studies at Guy's Hospital Medical School, and qualified as a medical doctor.
In the 1950s, Dhenin undertook research for a Doctor of Medicine (MD) degree at the University of Cambridge. Their doctoral thesis was titled "Radiation hazards in aviation", and was completed in 1956.
Military career
On 11 February 1943, Dhenin was commissioned into the Medical Branch of the Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve as a flying officer (emergency). They were then appointed the medical officer of No. 166 Squadron RAF, an Avro Lancaster bomber squadron that was based at RAF Kirmington. During their time at Kirmington, they were awarded the George Medal for a rescuing an airman from a burning wreck in October 1943. On 8 June 1944, two days after D-Day, they transferred to a mobile field hospital. Based in Normandy, France, they were tasked with evacuating casualties by air from the campaign across North-West Europe.
On 1 September 1945, after the end of the Second World War, Dhenin transferred to the Medical Branch of the Royal Air Force as a flight lieutenant.
As part of the half-yearly promotions, they were promoted to air commodore (one-star rank) on 1 January 1967.
Honours
On 14 January 1944, Dhenin was awarded the George Medal (GM), the second highest civil decoration of the UK, for rescuing an airman from a crashed and burning bomber. In the 1954 New Year Honours, they were awarded an Air Force Cross (AFC) for flying a plane into the mushroom cloud of the first British nuclear bomb test in Australia in 1953. In the 1959 Queen's Birthday Honours, they were awarded a bar to their Air Force Cross (i.e. they were awarded the AFC for a second time). In November 1974, they were appointed a Commander of the Order of St John (CStJ). In the 1975 New Year Honours, they were knighted as a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE).
References
1918 births
2011 deaths
20th-century British medical doctors
Alumni of St John's College, Cambridge
Commanders of the Order of St John
Knights Commander of the Order of the British Empire
People educated at Hereford Cathedral School
People from Bridgend
Recipients of the Air Force Cross (United Kingdom)
Recipients of the George Medal
Royal Air Force air marshals
Royal Air Force Medical Service officers
Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Welsh military personnel
The French Reformed Church () was a Protestant church in eastern Königsberg, Germany.
History
Located at the corner of Königstraße and Landhofmeister-Straße in Neue Sorge, the Rococo building served the Huguenot community of the city with French sermons. It was built from 1733 to 1736 according to plans by Joachim Ludwig Schultheiß von Unfriedt. King Frederick William I of Prussia, a Calvinist, provided 12,000 Thalers out of the total cost of 18,687. The new church was dedicated on 29 July 1736 in the presence of the king.
During negotiations for the Treaty of Tilsit in 1807, Pastor La Canal of the church and Königsberg commerce councillor Prin convinced Napoleon to reduce Prussia's war indemnity from 20 million to 12 million francs.
Beginning in 1817 German sermons were given every fourth week, but by 1831 all weekly sermons were again in French. The parish was fluent in German, but adhered to its Huguenot past out of tradition. Pastor Louise Guillaume Daniel Detroit denounced the Athanasian Creed in 1847, leading to their removal in 1852.
The French Reformed Church was heavily damaged by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and 1945 Battle of Königsberg. Its ruins in Kaliningrad were demolished from 1967 to 1968.
Design
Built as an elongated decagon, the church had a lighter and graceful look. The square central space was surrounded by elliptical side aisles supported by columns. The wooden pulpit dated from 1737, while the tassel-decorated organ was made in 1739.
The central archive in Berlin of the Evangelical Church in Germany contains artifacts from the church, including a gilded silver goblet (1690 by Paul Müller), a copy of the goblet (1749 by Cornelius Muerkerk), and a gilded ciborium of silver (1699 by Paul Müller).
References
1944 disestablishments in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
18th-century Calvinist and Reformed churches
Destroyed churches in Germany
Former churches in Königsberg
Huguenot history in Germany
Churches completed in 1733
Religious organizations established in 1733
Rococo architecture in Germany
Pterostylis macrosepala is a plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to the central-west slopes of New South Wales. As with similar greenhoods, plants in flower differ from those that are not flowering. Non-flowering plants have a rosette of leaves flats on the ground, but those that are flowering have up to eight translucent green flowers with narrow, dark green stripes and up to ten stem leaves.
Description
Pterostylis macrosepala, is a terrestrial, perennial, deciduous, herb with an underground tuber. Non-flowering plants have a rosette of between three and five, egg-shaped to lance-shaped leaves, each leaf long and wide with a petiole up to long. Plants that are flowering lack a rosette but have up to eight flowers on a flowering spike high with between five and ten linear to lance-shaped stem leaves that are long and wide. The flowers are long, wide and the dorsal sepal and petals are joined to form a hood called the "galea" over the column. The galea is translucent green with dark green stripes. The lateral sepals turn downwards and are long, wide and joined for more than half their length. The labellum is long, about wide and pale green with a blackish stripe along its mid-line. Flowering occurs from July to September.
Taxonomy and naming
Pterostylis macrosepala was first formally described in 2006 by David Jones and given the name Bunochilus macrosepalus. The description was published in Australian Orchid Research from a specimen collected in the Conimbla National Park. In 2010, Gary Backhouse changed the name to Pterostylis macrosepala. The specific epithet (macrosepala) is derived from the Ancient Greek word makros meaning "long" and the New Latin word sepalum meaning "sepal", referring to the large fused sepals.
Distribution and habitat
This greenhood is only known from the Conimbla Range where it grows in open forest.
References
macrosepala
Orchids of New South Wales
Plants described in 2006
is a Japanese actor who was represented by Box Corporation.
Biography
When participating a three-year open campus in high school in Tokyo, Nanba received a scout from their former office.
On 2010, their acting debut was in Kamen Rider W.
On 2011, Nanba appeared on the stage show, Musical Nintama Rantarō as Senzo Tachibana starting from the second series. They appeared in the third installment of the same work, and appeared for three years until the fourth series.
Nanba's hobbies are jogging and watching films and their skills are kendo, calligraphy, backflips, and handstands. They did kendo in elementary school in two years to high school in three years.
Up until the first half of 2018, Nanba was still active in the entertainment industry. After February 2018, nothing has been heard from them ever since. Their profile was subsequently removed from the Box Corporation website.
Filmography
Stage
Drama
Variety series
Films
Video game
References
External links
21st-century Japanese male actors
1991 births
Living people
People from Okayama Prefecture
Kaitlin Persson Hopkins (born February 1, 1964) is an American actor and singer, the daughter of actor Shirley Knight and stage producer/director Gene Persson.
Biography
Hopkins was born in New York City to actor Shirley Knight and actor producer Gene Persson. After their parents' divorce, Hopkins was raised in London by their mother and stepfather, Johns Hopkins, and returned to New York in 1976, at the age of 12. The following year they began their career in a summer stock production of The Children's Hour starring their mother and Joanne Woodward.
In 1982, at the age of 18, Hopkins graduated from the Williston Northampton School, where they were a member of the Williston Widigers.
Hopkins attended the musical theater program at Carnegie Mellon University and studied acting at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in London.
Hopkins' first television credit was an appearance on the soap opera One Life to Live, followed by a regular role on Another World. In 1993, they moved to Los Angeles, where they joined The Matrix Theatre Company. They spent weekends singing at The Pink in Santa Monica, and later performed at The Cinegrill, The Gardina, and At My Place. During this period, their television credits included Beverly Hills, 90210, Murder, They Wrote, The Practice, Diagnosis: Murder, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: Voyager, Spin City, and Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman.
In 1994, at the age of 30, Hopkins was cast in the rock opera I Was Looking at the Ceiling and Then I Saw the Sky by Peter Sellars. They spent the next year traveling the world with the production, performing in Paris, Hamburg, Helsinki, and Montreal, as well as at the Edinburgh Festival, among other locales.
In 2002, aged 38, Hopkins made their Broadway debut in Noises Off. They have also appeared in the Lincoln Center benefit performance of Anything Goes with Patti LuPone and How the Grinch Stole Christmas.
Hopkins has performed in numerous live radio plays for LA Theater Works, including Proof with Anne Heche and The Heidi Chronicles with Martha Plimpton.
In 2009, Hopkins was named the new Head of Musical Theatre at Texas State University under the Department Chair, Dr. John Fleming. Them husband, Jim Price, is also on the faculty at Texas State, where they are the Head of Playwriting.
Discography
Make Me Sweat (2004)
Acting credits
Theatre
Bare: A Pop Opera
The Great American Trailer Park Musical
Bat Boy: The Musical
Come Back, Little Sheba
Disney's On the Record
Present Laughter
The Philanderer
They Love Me
Film and television
Confessions of a Shopaholic
The Nanny Diaries
How to Kill Your Neighbor's Dog
Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles
“Diagnosis Murder“: By Reason of Insanity
Little Boy Blue
As Good as It Gets
Rescue Me
Providence
Star Trek: Voyager
Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
The Division
Wings
References
External links
Official website
1964 births
Actresses from New York City
American film actores
American musical theatre actores
American stage actores
American television actores
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
Carnegie Mellon University College of Fine Arts alumni
Texas State University faculty
Living people
FC Energetik-BGU Minsk is a Belarusian football club based in Minsk.
History
The team was founded in 1996 as Zvezda Minsk. BGU is a Russian abbreviation and stands for the Belarusian State University.
Zvezda-VA-BGU made its debut in Premier League in 2002 and played there until 2005. Since 2006, the team plays in lower leagues.
In 2006, Zvezda-BGU reached the semi-final of the Belarusian Cup.
Name changes
1996: founded as Zvezda Minsk
1998: renamed to Zvezda-VA-BGU Minsk
2005: renamed to Zvezda-BGU Minsk
2017: renamed to Energetik-BGU Minsk
Current squad
As of August 2022
Domestic history
References
External links
Official website
RCOP-BGU website
Football clubs in Belarus
Football clubs in Minsk
1996 establishments in Belarus
Association football clubs established in 1996
The 2017 LBA Finals was the championship series of the 2016–17 regular season, of the Lega Basket Serie A, known for sponsorship reasons as the Serie A PosteMobile, the highest professional basketball league in Italy, and the conclusion of the season's playoffs. The second placed Umana Reyer Venezia possessing home advantage (with the first two, the fifth and the seventh games at the Palasport Giuseppe Taliercio) and the 4th placed Dolomiti Energia Trento contested for the title in a best-of-7 showdown, from June 10 to 20, 2017.
These were the first Finals for Trento and the 3rd for Venezia.
Umana Reyer Venezia won their 3rd title by beating Dolomiti Energia Trento in game 6 of the finals.
Melvin Ejim of the Umana Reyer Venezia was named MVP in the league's Finals series of the playoffs.
Road to the finals
Regular season series
Series
Game 1
Game 2
Game 3
Game 4
Game 5
Game 6
Rosters
Umana Reyer Venezia
Dolomiti Energia Trento
References
External links
Official website
Finals
Lega Basket Serie A Finals
Mucuna holtonii is a species of plant in the bean family, which is pollinated by bats. Bats are able to detect if the flowers have nectar using echolocation. After an initial bat visit during which nectar is removed, the petals are arranged in a different manner (altering the shape of the flower). As a result, the unique "echo fingerprint" of petal arrangement informs the bat whether nectar is present or absent.
It is thought that the plant evolved acoustically conspicuous structures to make them easier to detect by glossophagine bats.
References
holtonii
Simon Robert Shaw (born 21 September 1973) is an English former footballer who made 176 appearances in the Football League playing as a right back for Darlington in the 1990s. They went on to play 72 times in the Conference Premier for Doncaster Rovers, and was capped for England semi-professional XI while with the club. They went on to play for Northern Premier League club Barrow, and for other non-league teams including Thornaby, Bishop Auckland, and Billingham Synthonia, where they spent four seasons, scoring 24 goals from 104 appearances, and took the free kick from which James Magowan scored the only goal of the 2009 Durham Challenge Cup final.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Footballers from Middlesbrough
English footballers
England semi-pro international footballers
Association football defenders
Darlington F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Barrow A.F.C. players
Bishop Auckland F.C. players
Billingham Synthonia F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Northern Premier League players
Thornaby F.C. players
The Mixed synchronized 10 metre platform competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 1 July 2022.
Results
The final was started at 19:00.
References
Mixed synchronized 10 metre platforms
This is a list of the squads picked for the 2014 ICC Women's World Twenty20 tournament.
Australia
Meg Lanning (captain)
Alex Blackwell (vice-captain)
Nicole Bolton
Jess Cameron
Sarah Coyte
Rene Farrell
Holly Ferling
Alyssa Healy (wk)
Julie Hunter
Jess Jonassen
Delissa Kimmince
Beth Mooney
Erin Osborne
Ellyse Perry
Elyse Villani
Bangladesh
Salma Khatun (captain)
Ayasha Rahman
Fahima Khatun
Farzana Hoque
Jahanara Alam
Khadija Tul Kubra
Lata Mondal
Nuzhat Tasnia
Panna Ghosh
Rumana Ahmed
Sanjida Islam
Shaila Sharmin
Shamima Sultana (wk)
Sharmin Akhter
Shohaly Akther
England
Charlotte Edwards (captain)
Tamsin Beaumont
Kate Cross
Jodie Dibble
Georgia Elwiss
Lydia Greenway
Rebecca Grundy
Jenny Gunn
Danielle Hazell
Amy Jones (wk)
Heather Knight
Nat Sciver
Anya Shrubsole
Sarah Taylor (wk)
Frances Wilson
India
Mithali Raj (captain)
Harmanpreet Kaur (vice-captain)
Soniya Dabir
Jhulan Goswami
Karu Jain (wk)
Latika Kumari
Smriti Mandhana
Madhuri Mehta
Sravanthi Naidu
Shikha Pandey
Shubhlakshmi Sharma
Gouher Sultana
Vellaswamy Vanitha
Poonam Yadav
Ireland
Isobel Joyce (captain)
Laura Delany
Emma Flanagan
Jennifer Gray
Cecelia Joyce
Amy Kenealy
Louise McCarthy
Kate McKenna
Lucy O'Reilly
Eimear Richardson
Rebecca Rolfe
Melissa Scott-Hayward
Clare Shillington
Elena Tice
Mary Waldron (wk)
New Zealand
Suzie Bates (captain)
Nicola Browne
Samantha Curtis
Sophie Devine
Maddy Green
Holly Huddleston
Hayley Jensen
Felicity Leydon-Davis
Sara McGlashan (wk)
Frances Mackay
Katey Martin (wk)
Morna Nielsen
Katie Perkins
Rachel Priest (wk)
Pakistan
Sana Mir (captain)
Bismah Maroof (vice-captain)
Asmavia Iqbal
Batool Fatima (wk)
Javeria Khan
Marina Iqbal
Nahida Khan
Nain Abidi
Nida Dar
Qanita Jalil
Sadia Yousuf
Sania Khan
Sidra Ameen
Sumaiya Siddiqi
South Africa
Mignon du Preez (captain)
Trisha Chetty (wk)
Moseline Daniels
Shandre Fritz
Shabnim Ismail
Marizanne Kapp
Lizelle Lee
Marcia Letsoalo
Sunette Loubser
Suné Luus
Nadine Moodley
Chloe Tryon
Yolandi van der Westhuizen
Dane van Niekerk
Sri Lanka
Shashikala Siriwardene (captain)
Chamari Atapattu (vice-captain)
Nilakshi de Silva
Chandima Gunaratne
Eshani Lokusuriyage
Yashoda Mendis
Hasini Perera
Chamari Polgampola
Udeshika Prabodhani
Oshadi Ranasinghe
Deepika Rasangika
Maduri Samuddika
Rebeca Vandort (wk)
Sripali Weerakkody
West Indies
Merissa Aguilleira (captain and wk)
Shemaine Campbelle
Shanel Daley
Deandra Dottin
Chinelle Henry
Stacy-Ann King
Kycia Knight (wk)
Kyshona Knight
Natasha McLean
Anisa Mohammed
Subrina Munroe
Shaquana Quintyne
Shakera Selman
Tremayne Smartt
Stafanie Taylor
See also
2014 ICC World Twenty20 squads
References
External links
2014 ICC Women's World Twenty20 squads on ESPN CricInfo
ICC Women's World Twenty20 squads
2014 ICC Women's World Twenty20
Idriss "Dries" Boussatta (born 23 December 1972) is a Dutch former international footballer who played professionally in the Netherlands, England and the United Arab Emirates as a right winger. Their son is Kamil Boussatta.
Club career
Born in Amsterdam, Boussatta played in the Netherlands for De Spartaan, VVA/Spartaan, V&V Amsterdam, Ajax, Volendam, Telstar, Haarlem, Utrecht, AZ and Excelsior. They also played in England for Sheffield United, making 6 appearances in the Football League, before ending their career in 2004 in the United Arab Emirates with Al-Shaab.
International career
Boussatta earned three caps for the Netherlands between 1998 and 1999. They also appeared in three unofficial matches for Morocco.
Personal life
Boussatta is of Moroccan origin; they have publicly spoken about the discrimination their Muslim father received in the Netherlands.
In 2008 Boussatta became involved with a charitable foundation in Morocco. In 2010, they owned a gym, a restaurant, and a coffee shop; they also worked as a player's agent. In 2016, they were sanctioned to court by real estate company WPM who sued them for outstanding backpayments.
In 2010, they were living in Amsterdam, and had a son and a daughter. In 2016, they owned 6 coffee bars under the Buongiorno brand.
References
1972 births
Living people
Footballers from Amsterdam
Dutch sportspeople of Moroccan descent
Association football wingers
Dutch footballers
Netherlands international footballers
AFC Ajax players
FC Volendam players
SC Telstar players
HFC Haarlem players
FC Utrecht players
AZ Alkmaar players
Excelsior Rotterdam players
Sheffield United F.C. players
Al-Shaab CSC players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
English Football League players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate footballers in the United Arab Emirates
UAE Pro League players
The Murray River Council is a local government area in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia. This area was formed in 2016 from the merger of Murray Shire with Wakool Shire.
The combined area comprises and covers the northern bank of the Murray River and hinterland from Moama downstream to Tooleybuc. At the time of its establishment, the estimated population of the area was .
Main towns and villages
The largest town in Murray River Council is Moama in the far south east. Other towns and localities in the area include Barham, Bunnaloo, Burraboi, Caldwell, Cunninyeuk, Koraleigh, Kyalite, Mathoura, Moulamein, Murray Downs, Speewa, Tantonan, Tooleybuc, Wakool and Womboota.
Heritage listings
The Murray River Council has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
Barham, 319 Main Road: Barham Bridge over Murray River
Cunninyeuk, 94 Noorong Road (Main Road): Gee Gee Bridge over Wakool River
Moama, Hunt Street: Moama Historic Precinct
Swan Hill, 386 Main Road: Coonamit Bridge over Wakool River
Swan Hill, 67 Main Road (East): Swan Hill-Murray River Road Bridge
Tooleybuc, 222 Main Road: Tooleybuc Bridge
Wakool, Moulamein Highway: Murray Downs Homestead
Demographics
Council
The Administrator of the Murray River Council from 2016 to September 2017 was David Shaw.
Murray River Council has nine Councillors elected proportionally from three wards - Moama, Greater Murray and Greater Wakool. All Councillors are elected for a fixed four-year term of office.
The most recent election was held on 9 September 2017, and the makeup of the Council by order of election is as follows:
Main towns in shire
In 2021 census the shire had a population of 12,850.
See also
Local government areas of New South Wales
References
Local government areas of New South Wales
Local government areas of the Riverina
2016 establishments in Australia
Kjeld Nuis (; born in Leiden 10 November 1989) is a Dutch speed skater.
Nuis specializes over the middle distances of 1000 and 1500 meters. At the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, they won the gold medal at the 1500 m and 1000 m events. At the 2022 Winter Olympics they successfully defended their title on the 1500 m.  They are the current holder of the world record over 1500 meters.
Career
Nuis is a three-time Olympic champion, having won Olympic gold in both the 1000 and 1500 meters at the 2018 Winter Olympics. They won another gold in the 1500 meters four years later, improving Derek Parra's twenty year old Olympic Record to 1:43:21 in the process.  They are also a two-time world single distance champion over 1000 and 1500 meters.
 They are a multi-time world single distance medalist over 1000 and 1500 meters and is also a four-time season overall World Cup winner of the 1000 meters distance and a two-time winner over 1500 meters.
On March 10, 2019, they set the world record for the 1500 meter event to 1:40:17 in the Utah Olympic Oval during the finals of the 2018-19 World Cup tour. A day earlier in the same event, they also improved the 1000 meters world record to 1:06:18, which stood until bested by Pavel Kulizhnikov on February 15, 2020.
In Savalen, Norway on 17 March 2022, they set a new world speed skating record of 103 kilometers per hour.
Personal life
From 2014 until the end of 2018, Nuis was in a relationship with 2011 Jill Lauren de Robles. They have a son.
On 19 December 2018 Nuis was named Dutch Sportsman of the Year 2018 at the NOC NSF Sport Gala.
They live in Emmen.
Records
Personal records
World records established
Tournament overview
Source:
World Cup overview
Source:
– = Did not participate
(b) = Division B
DQ = Disqualified
NC = No classification
Medals won
References
External links
1989 births
Dutch male speed skaters
Sportspeople from Leiden
Living people
Speed skaters at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic speed skaters of the Netherlands
Medalists at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in speed skating
Olympic gold medalists for the Netherlands
World Single Distances Speed Skating Championships medalists
World Sprint Speed Skating Championships medalists
20th-century Dutch people
21st-century Dutch people
The Medina City Hall in Medina, Tennessee was built in 1936. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
It is "a two-part commercial, two-story rectangular brick building with a brick foundation."
References
National Register of Historic Places in Gibson County, Tennessee
Government buildings completed in 1936
In molecular biology, VanY are protein domains found in enzymes named metallopeptidases. They are vital to bacterial cell wall synthesis and antibiotic resistance.
Function
VanY is involved in bacterial cell wall biosynthesis and metabolism. VanY D-Ala-D-Ala peptidases provide resistance to the antibiotic vancomycin on some strains of enterococci, and are therefore drug targets.
VanY is a Zinc-dependent D,Dcarboxypeptidase enzyme that cleaved the C-terminal residue of peptidoglycan precursors ending in R-D-Ala-D-Ala or R-D-Ala-D-Lac.
Substrate
The substrate specificities of VanX and VanY ensure that essentially only precursors with low affinity for the glycopeptide antibiotics are available for peptidoglycan synthesis in resistant strains.
Antiobiotic Resistance
Acquired VanA- and VanB-type glycopeptide resistance in enterococci is due to synthesis of modified peptidoglycan precursors terminating in D-lactate. As opposed to VanA-type strains which are resistant to both vancomycin and teicoplanin, VanB-type strains remain teicoplanin susceptible. The vanY gene was necessary for synthesis of the vancomycin-inducible D,D-carboxypeptidase EC activity previously proposed to be responsible for glycopeptide resistance. However, this activity was not required for peptidoglycan synthesis in the presence of glycopeptides.
Bacteriophage lysins (Ply) or endolysins are phage-encoded cell wall lytic enzymes which are synthesised late during virus multiplication and mediate the release of progeny virions. Bacteriophages of the pathogen Listeria monocytogenes encode endolysin enzymes which specifically hydrolyse the cross-linking peptide bridges in Listeria peptidoglycan. Ply118 is a 30.8kDa L-alanoyl-D-glutamate peptidase and Ply511 (36.5 kDa) acts as N-acetylmuramoyl-L-alanine amidase (INTERPRO).
References
Protein families
During the 1966–67 English football season, Brentford competed in the Football League Fourth Division. In a season overshadowed by the events of 19 January 1967, a promotion charge was derailed by five defeats in the final six matches of the campaign.
Season summary
In a bid to buy Brentford out of the bottom two divisions of the Football League, the large transfer funds made available by chairperson Jack Dunnett to previous managers Malky MacDonald and Tommy Cavanagh had left the club with mounting debts. Cavanagh had spent £30,000 on seven players since being appointed to the manager's job in January 1965, with five key attacking players (Bloomfield, Lazarus, Ward, Bonson and Fielding) being sold on for a total less than half that sum during the course of the 1965–66 Third Division season, towards the end of which they were sacked. New manager Billy Gray failed to halt Brentford's relegation slide, which meant that the club would be members of the Fourth Division for the 1966–67 season. An average home attendance of 11,000 would be needed to break even, a record which had been falling year on year since the 1963–64 season. A net loss on the previous season of £19,823 on the previous season (equivalent to £ in ) meant that manager Gray had no money to buy established players and so brought in a number of youngsters, including their nephew John Richardson.
The Bees had a good start to the season, winning the first two matches to sit top of the Fourth Division, but despite the strikeforce being bolstered by experienced Brian Bedford, a winless run of five defeats in eight matches dropped the club into the relegation places in mid-October 1966. Manager Billy Gray then made wholesale changes to the starting XI, introducing a number of youngsters, with the new-look team going on to win five consecutive matches. The establishment of the new lineup led to a clearout of players, with out-of-favour Micky Block, Billy Cobb, John Regan, Mel Scott and Ron Crisp all exiting Griffin Park before the end of the season. The Bees failed to keep up their good form through November and December and dropped back into mid-table. The team weathered the storm caused by the tumultuous events of 19 January 1967, which resulted in the departure of chairperson Jack Dunnett and manager Billy Gray. Trainer Jimmy Sirrel took over as acting manager and built on the improved January form under Gray and led the team on a 16-match unbeaten league run, which equalled the club record at the time. The run left Brentford within three points of the promotion places, but an inexplicable five consecutive defeats in the final six matches of the season ended any chances of promotion.
The Brentford reserve team had a successful season, beating local rivals Fulham in a replay to win the 1966–67 London Challenge Cup.
League table
Results
Brentford's goal tally listed first.
Legend
Football League Fourth Division
FA Cup
Football League Cup
Sources: 100 Years Of Brentford, Statto
Playing squad
Players' ages are as of the opening day of the 1966–67 season.
Sources: 100 Years Of Brentford, Timeless Bees
Coaching staff
Billy Gray (20 August 1965 – March 1967)
Jimmy Sirrel (March – 13 May 1967)
Statistics
Appearances and goals
Substitute appearances in brackets.
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years Of Brentford
Goalscorers
Players listed in italics left the club mid-season.
Source: 100 Years Of Brentford
Management
Summary
Transfers & loans
Awards
Supporters' Player of the Year: John Docherty
References
Brentford F.C. seasons
Brentford
The West Indies cricket team toured Pakistan for cricket matches in the 2006–07 cricket season. The tour immediately followed the 2006 ICC Champions Trophy in India, where West Indies reached the final, and they played their first tour match three days after playing the final. Pakistan's recent results included a 3–0 loss in a Test series in England, where the final match ended in farce, and they were eliminated at the group stage of the Champions Trophy. The Pakistan Cricket Board had also recently suspended fast bowlers Shoaib Akhtar and Mohammad Asif due to a doping case.
Squads
Tour matches
Patron's XI v West Indians
The PCB Patron's XI made 305 for four declared on the first day, with Salman Butt retiring after making 106, sharing an opening stand of 175 with Yasir Hameed, who was first to fall, caught behind off Dave Mohammed for 92. On the second day, West Indies replied with 279 for five, with Dwayne Bravo replicating Butt's feat. No bowler took more than one wicket in the game.
Test series
1st Test
West Indies batted first, but Pakistan earned a first innings lead of 279, enough to stretch West Indies' their sequence of Tests without a win to 14, and they had now played 17 Tests away from home without a win. The visitors started with an opening stand of 41, but then four wickets fell within 26 balls, and they were 52 for four. Brian Lara made a half-century and Dwayne Bravo and Dave Mohammed chipped in with 30s, but Umar Gul (five for 65 including the last three wickets) and Shahid Nazir (three for 42) had done the damage, and they were bowled out for 206.
Pakistan's score at the fall of the second wicket was just four ahead of the West Indies'; however, Mohammad Yousuf nearly outscored the West Indies on their own. They shared century stands with Shoaib Malik and Kamran Akmal, while Jerome Taylor took four wickets in their 33 overs. Dave Mohammed bowled 31 overs, taking three for 98 including the two last batsmen, but West Indies had to make 279 just to see Pakistan bat again.
They did, just. Overnight on day three they were 74 for three, with two wickets taken by Umar Gul, as opener Daren Ganga fell in single figures for the second time in the match. Nightwatchman Fidel Edwards hung around for an hour in a partnership of 45 with Lara, and Lara added a further 137, but three wickets fell in the eleven overs before tea on day four, starting with Lara going lbw to part-timer Mohammad Hafeez, who bowled four overs in the game. Shivnarine Chanderpaul was caught off Shahid Nazir with the new ball, and West Indies made 291 after Mohammed's 15; Pakistan chased 13, though they did lose one wicket, opener Hafeez lbw to Corey Collymore for the latter's only wicket in the game.
2nd Test
3rd Test
ODI series
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
4th ODI
5th ODI
References
External links
2006 in Pakistani cricket
2006 in West Indian cricket
International cricket competitions in 2006–07
Pakistani cricket seasons from 2000–01
2006–07
Front Page Challenge was a Canadian panel game about current events and history. Created by comedy writer/performer John Aylesworth (of the comedy team of Frank Peppiatt and John Aylesworth) and produced and aired by CBC Television, the series ran from 1957 to 1995.
Synopsis
The long-running series featured notable journalists attempting to guess the recent or old news story with which a hidden guest challenger was linked by asking them or their questions, in much the same manner as the American quiz shows, What's My Line? and To Tell the Truth. Each round of the game started with news footage that introduced the news story in question to the studio audience and home viewers out of earshot of the panelists. After the guest was identified and/or the news story determined, the journalists then interviewed the guest about the story or about achievements or experiences for which they or they were known. Unlike American quiz shows that steered clear of controversy in the 1950s and 1960s, Front Page Challenge seems to have been affected by just one censorship practice, that of avoiding four-letter words.
Guests came from all walks of life, including politicians like Pierre Trudeau and Indira Gandhi, activists like Malcolm X, sports figures like Gordie Howe, entertainers like Boris Karloff and Ed Sullivan, and writers like Upton Sinclair. From 1957 to 1979, the show featured many non-Canadians whose trips to Canada were paid by the CBC. (Gandhi was even flown from India to Toronto in the 1960s at the CBC's expense.) Occasionally, guests were featured for their involvement in stories that had nothing to do with their celebrity status. For example, in 1958 Karloff was featured because they had served as a rescue worker in the aftermath of a devastating 1912 tornado in Regina, Saskatchewan, where they had been appearing in a play many years before horror films made them famous.
Jayne Mansfield appeared on the Tuesday night telecast of December 12, 1961 representing the victories two years earlier of British prime minister Harold Macmillan and their Conservative Party in the 1959 United Kingdom general election. The American actor, whose high IQ was well-publicized, was filming a movie in the United Kingdom in 1959 when they and others connected with the movie read and heard about the election results. The CBC archive has two photographs of Mansfield during their 1961 visit to the Toronto television studio where Front Page Challenge always originated during that era, but the videotape of their episode was lost due to wiping.
Occasionally, the challenger on Front Page Challenge was one of the panelists themselves, unbeknownst to the other three panelists. After the game, the relevant person simply moved to the guest seat for the interview.
The show ran for nearly 40 years and featured a remarkably stable cast of panelists, including journalist-historian Pierre Berton, Betty Kennedy (who later become a Canadian senator), Toby Robins (who later became a movie actor) and radio commentator Gordon Sinclair. Columnist Allan Fotheringham joined the panel after Sinclair's death. A guest panelist, usually another Canadian journalist, politician or other celebrity, was also part of each episode. In 1990, journalist and radio/TV personality Jack Webster joined the show as its permanent fourth panelist.
For its initial summer 1957 run, the show was hosted by Win Barron, best known for their voice-over narration of newsreels produced by the Canadian division of Paramount Pictures. However, Barron proved ill at ease in the moderator's seat, so both Fred Davis and panelist Alex Barris rotated as guest hosts in the early part of the fall before Davis was chosen to take over as host full-time (a position they retained for the rest of the show's run), though Barris continued to appear as a guest panelist occasionally and was the show's writer for the duration of its run. In 1981, the CBC published an oversized book written by Barris about the history of the program. It was titled Front Page Challenge: The 25th Anniversary. Four years after the show's cancellation, another book by Barris was published chronicling the last fifteen years of the show. It included more details and anecdotes about the show's earlier phases not found in their first book.
Several weeks after its debut, Ottawa Citizen television columnist Bob Blackburn deemed the programme to be noticeably improved and predicted that if that trend continued "and if the program doesn't run dry on its slightly limited subject matter, Front Page Challenge might well become an institution on Canadian TV".
In their book, Barris says that at the height of the show's popularity in the late 1950s, the individual panelists became major celebrities in Canada. They relate how Toby Robins, a beautiful brunette, donned a blonde wig for a few episodes as an experiment, attracting hate mail including a death threat over the change of appearance. The books also include journalist Barbara Frum's remarks about how influential Robins was for 1950s-era female equality through their decision to appear on the program while pregnant.
Unfortunately, the show's stability proved to be its undoing, as the producers did not see fit to add younger panelists while the regulars aged and the audience demographics became less desirable. The show always was videotaped in or aired live from Toronto prior to 1966. During that year four shows originated from Montreal including one with challenger Jessica Mitford. The show continued going on the road, being videotaped in cities across Canada. The oldest regular, Gordon Sinclair, continued travelling with their fellow panelists to videotaping locations until they were well into their 80s. Although the location of the studio was not always noticeable to home viewers, they did notice the lack of guest challengers from foreign countries after 1979. The program no longer featured internationally known controversial figures to match the likes of Timothy Leary, Indira Gandhi, Menachem Begin (when they were a Knesset member) and William F. Buckley who had held viewers' attention in the 1960s and most of the 1970s. Alex Barris says in their second book that the absence of non-Canadian guests after 1979 resulted from budget cuts for CBC Television that ruled out travel expenses.
Barris also claims that the advent of multiple cable channels in the 1980s and early 1990s (in cities, towns and rural areas near the border of the United States where people could receive programming from both countries) presented another challenge to the staff of Front Page Challenge and contributed to its demise. Prior to the 1980s when there were no 24-hour news channels competing with Front Page Challenge, each round of the game began with silent black-and-white newsreel footage of the news story in question while a narrator, not heard by the panelists, summarized it. Even after the segments started including colour videotape, the only voice heard introducing the topical issue and the challenger was the voice of the narrator of Front Page Challenge.
Producers continued to use the same off-screen narrator,
which made the Front Page Challenge footage less appealing to young people than the multiple sound bites featured by CBC Newsworld, which began 24-hour newscasts throughout Canada on July 31, 1989. CBC Newsworld offered sound bite interviews with people who had witnessed events or were knowledgeable about them. Young viewers using remote controls stuck with the multiple sound bites and ignored the Front Page Challenge narrator's summaries of the news stories, according to the book by Alex Barris published in 1999.
When Front Page Challenge ceased production in 1995, it was the longest continually running non-news program in Canadian television history. Among the contestants on the final show was then emerging country music superstar Shania Twain.
Episode status
Reruns of the program were broadcast by Canadian cable channel History Television (now simply called History) in the late 1990s. At least a few of the episodes from the 1950s and 1960s were not saved. In their second book about the program, Alex Barris tells an anecdote about what guest panelist Bennett Cerf said to challenger Jesse Owens about Adolf Hitler during a 1958 episode. The CBC archive has a clip that lasts less than one minute in which Cerf and Owens have this exchange, but the rest of the episode does not survive.
1960s episodes that featured Menachem Begin, then a Knesset member, Jayne Mansfield, William F. Buckley, Arthur Schlesinger Jr. and Timothy Leary were lost in their entirety.
Guests
Indira Gandhi
Errol Flynn, 13 January 1959 (CBC Archives video clip)
Rick Hansen, 18 December 1987 (CBC Archives video clip)
Gordie Howe
Boris Karloff
Eleanor Roosevelt
Upton Sinclair
Pierre Trudeau
Malcolm X, 5 January 1965 (CBC Archives video clip)
References in pop culture
On Canadian Sesame Street, the game show was parodied as Front Page Vegetable.
In a 1982 episode of SCTV, the game show was parodied as Headline Challenge, the name being a combination of Front Page Challenge and another headline-based game show, CTV's Headline Hunters.
References
Further reading
Barris, Alex. Front Page Challenge: The 25th Anniversary (Toronto: CBC Books, 1981).
External links
Front Page Challenge at TVarchive.ca
Directory of CBC Television Series (F), accessed 4 February 2007
Biography of John Aylesworth at the Canadian Communications Foundation
1957 Canadian television series debuts
1995 Canadian television series endings
Black-and-white Canadian television shows
CBC Television original programming
Panel games
Television series about journalism
Pierre Berton
1950s Canadian game shows
1960s Canadian game shows
1970s Canadian game shows
1980s Canadian game shows
1990s Canadian game shows
Sandra Cecchini and Patricia Tarabini won in the final 6–3, 7–6 against Mercedes Paz and Brenda Schultz.
Seeds
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated. The top two seeded teams received byes into the quarterfinals.
Mercedes Paz / Brenda Schultz (final)
Barbara Paulus / Judith Wiesner (semifinals)
Sandra Cecchini / Patricia Tarabini (champions)
Nicole Jagerman / Sandra Wasserman (first round)
Draw
External links
1989 Arcachon Cup Doubles Draw
Arcachon Cup
1989 WTA Tour
Surface acoustic wave gas sensor or surface acoustic wave (SAW) sensors consist of an input transducer, a chemically adsorbent polymer film, and an output transducer on a piezoelectric substrate, which is typically quartz. The input transducer launches an acoustic wave that travels through the chemical film and is detected by the output transducer. SAW devices have been able to detect and distinguish between organophosphates, chlorinated hydrocarbons, ketones, alcohols, aromatic hydrocarbons, saturated hydrocarbons, and water. Such a device made at Sandia National Laboratories runs at a very high frequency (approximately 525 MHz), and the velocity and attenuation of the signal are sensitive to the viscoelasticity and mass of the thin film. The SAW device has four channels, each channel consisting of a transmitter and a receiver, separated by a small distance. Three of the four channels have a polymer deposited on the substrate between the transmitter and receiver. The purpose of the polymers is to adsorb chemicals of interest, with different polymers having different affinities for various chemicals. When a target chemical is adsorbed, the mass of the associated polymer increases, causing a slight change in phase of the acoustic signal relative to the reference (fourth) channel, which has no polymer. The SAW device also contains three Application Specific Integrated Circuits chips (ASICs), which contain the electronics to analyze the signals and output a DC voltage signal proportional to the phase shift. The SAW device, containing the transducers and ASICs, is bonded to a piece of quartz glass, which is placed in a leadless chip carrier (LCC). Wire bonds connect the terminals of the leadless chip carrier to the SAW circuits.
Application
The Microwave chemistry sensor can detect several chemical materials including:
Lead
Mercury
Oxygen
See also
Chemosensor
Sensors
Microwave chemistry
Analytical chemistry
Will Capon (born 12 October 1999) is an English professional rugby union player who plays at hooker for Premiership Rugby club Bristol Bears.
Career
Capon started playing rugby at the age of seven at Winscombe R.F.C. and joined the Bristol Bears academy in 2014 while studying at Bristol Grammar School. In April 2018 they made their senior Bristol debut as they defeated Doncaster Knights to win the RFU Championship and secure promotion back to the top flight.
In August 2017 Capon scored a try for the England under-18 team against France. They were a member of the squad at the 2019 World Rugby Under 20 Championship and scored a try against Wales to finish in fifth place.
In June 2021 they were called up to a senior England training squad by head coach Eddie Jones.
References
External links
Bristol Bears Profile
ESPN Profile
Ultimate Rugby Profile
1999 births
Living people
Bristol Bears players
English rugby union players
People educated at Bristol Grammar School
Rugby union players from Bristol
Rugby union hookers
Agnès Bihl is a French singer.
Biography
Born into a family of intellectuals, with a great-grandfather who founded L'Illustration and a grandmother who was a painter, as a child Bihl naturally became interested in all art forms, including writing and theater. As a student, they wrote stories until one of their friends, an accordionist, triggered their vocation by taking them to see Allain Leprest at the Cabaret libertaire parisien.
Inspired by Brel, Brassens, Renaud and Anne Sylvestre, Agnès Bihl appreciates the lyrics of French song. They sing reality as viewed through their world, combining poetry, comedy and activism. They describe themselves on their website as a "feminine Renaud." A feminist, they are vitriolic about pro-life protesters, criticizes persons they call "bitches" and addresses some difficult topics such as rape.
They made their debut at Limonaire in 1998, then in small rooms accompanied by four musicians (piano, drums, bass, cello), where they were discovered. Afterwards, Anne Sylvestre, Allain Leprest, Dikès, and Thomas Fersen invited them to introduce their shows. Them debut album, La Terre est blonde, was self-released in November 2001.
Them second album, Merci Maman Merci Papa was released 25 August 2005, and their third, Demandez le programme, 9 November 2007.
Invited by Charles Aznavour, they introduced them during their tour between October and December 2007.
In 2009, they met Dorothée Daniel, pianist and composer, and Didier Grebot, producer/director, with whom they recorded their fourth album Rêve Général(e) between June and September 2009. The album was released on 1 February 2010 and gave rise to a tour throughout the 2010/2011 season, starting in February 2010.
Discography
Awards
2005 : Grand Prix du disque de l'Académie Charles-Cros
2006 : Prix Félix-Leclerc (FrancoFolies de Montréal)
2006 : Prix Francis Lemarque
References
External links
Official website
French women singers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Massachusetts House of Representatives' 12th Hampden district in the United States is one of 160 legislative districts included in the lower house of the Massachusetts General Court. It covers part of Hampden County. Since 2007, Angelo J. Puppolo, Jr. of the Democratic Party has represented the district.
Towns represented
The district includes the following localities:
part of East Longmeadow
part of Springfield
Wilbraham
The current district geographic boundary overlaps with those of the Massachusetts Senate's 1st Hampden and Hampshire district and Hampden district.
Representatives
Raymond A. Jordan
Benjamin Swan
Gale D. Candaras
Angelo J. Puppolo, Jr., 2007-current
See also
List of Massachusetts House of Representatives elections
List of Massachusetts General Courts
List of former districts of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Images
Portraits of legislators
References
External links
Ballotpedia
(State House district information based on U.S. Census Bureau's American Community Survey).
House
Government of Hampden County, Massachusetts
Kenneth C. Anderson may refer to:
Ken Anderson (wrestler) (born 1976), American professional wrestler
Kenneth C. Anderson (physician), editor of the medical journal Clinical Cancer Research
See also
Kenneth Anderson (disambiguation)
This is a list of Iranian football transfers for the 2020–21 winter transfer window. Only moves from Persian Gulf Pro League are listed.
Players without a club may join at any time. This list includes transfers featuring at least one Iran Football League club which were completed after the end of the summer 2020 transfer window on 19 November 2020 and before the end of the 2020–21 winter window.
Rules and regulations
According to Iran Football Federation rules for 2020–21 Persian Gulf Pro League, each Football Club is allowed to take up to maximum 7 new Iranian players from the other clubs who already played in the 2020–21 Persian Gulf Pro League season.
Persian Gulf Pro League
Aluminium
In:
Out:
Esteghlal
In:
Out:
Foolad
In:
Out:
Gol Gohar
In:
Out:
Machine Sazi
In:
Out:
Mes Rafsanjan
In:
Out:
Naft Masjed-Soleyman
In:
Out:
Nassaji
In:
Out:
Paykan
In:
Out:
Persepolis
In:
Out:
Saipa
In:
Out:
Sanat Naft
In:
Out:
Shahr Khodro
In:
Out:
Sepahan
In:
Out:
Tractor
In:
Out:
Zob Ahan
In:
Out:
Notes and references
Football transfers winter 2020–21
2020-21
Transfers
A Escola is a Portuguese-language novel by Miguel M. Abrahão. It was first published in Brazil in 1983.
Plot summary
The book has as background the 30s, during the dictatorship of the Vargas government.
Master Bolivar Bueno, involved with dangerous ideas for the season, has a strong influence and emotional control over their traditional primary school students from Wolfgang Schubert, while dividing their love life with the teachers of the school, ideologically and being chased by the director, the Rev. Otto Faukner, and their assistant, miss Catarina.
In 2005, the play was adapted by its author to the format of the novel, released in 2007.
In this new format, the author expands historical themes, importants for the knowledge of Brazilian History of the 30s: Revolution to São Paulo in 1932, fascism and communism in Brazil, ruled by Getúlio Vargas.
Bibliography
Coutinho, Afrânio; Sousa, J. Galante de. Enciclopédia de literatura brasileira. São Paulo: Global; Rio de Janeiro: Fundação Biblioteca Nacional, Academia Brasileira de Letras, 2001: 2v.
Sociedade Brasileira de Autores Teatrais - Processo 36030 de 19 October 1983
External links
Brazilian Society of playwrights
A Escola at the Encyclopedia of Theatre
A Escola at Google books
Notes
2007 novels
Brazilian romance novels
Brazilian historical novels
Brazilian plays
Fiction set in the 1930s
Novels set in São Paulo
Köseler is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
Chapel of the Pines Crematory is a crematory and columbarium located at 1605 South Catalina Street, Los Angeles, in the U.S. state of California, in the historic West Adams District a short distance southwest of Downtown. It is beside Angelus-Rosedale Cemetery, one street east, at the southwest corner of Catalina and Venice Boulevard.
Established in 1903, this domed structure, which looks like an observatory, provides crematory services and columbarium inurnment. It is the final resting place for the cremains of a number of noted persons.
List of notable interments
(Note: This is a partial list.)
Use the following alphabetical links to find someone.
A
Ted Adams (1890–1973), actor
Broncho Billy Anderson (1882–1971), actor (private vaultage)
George Anderson (1886–1948), actor
Lionel Atwill (1885–1946), actor (private vaultage)
Arthur Aylesworth (1883–1946), actor
B
Ross Bagdasarian, Sr. (David Seville) (1919–1972), musician, actor
Bob Bailey (1913–1983) radio actor (Yours Truly, Johnny Dollar)
Alma Bennett (1904–1958), actor
Frank Brownlee (1874–1948), actor
Nigel Bruce (1895–1953), actor, played Dr. John Watson in Sherlock Holmes movies with Basil Rathbone
Mae Busch (1891–1946), actor
C
Leonard Carey (1887–1977), actor
Louise Carver (1869–1956), actor
Helen Chandler (1906–1965), actor, Mina Harker in Dracula (1931) (private vaultage)
Parley Parker Christensen (1869-1954), Utah and California politician, Esperantist
Colin Clive (1900–1937), actor, Dr. Henry Frankenstein in Frankenstein (1931) and Bride of Frankenstein (cenotaph here, but ashes were scattered at sea)
Charles Pearce Coleman (1885–1951), actor
June Collyer (1906–1968), actor
Heinie Conklin (1889-1959), actor
Tom Conway (1904–1967), actor (private vaultage)
Cecil Cunningham (1888–1959), actor
Dorothy Christy (1906-1976), actor
D
J. Searle Dawley (1877-1949), film director, screenwriter, stage actor, and playwright
Edgar Dearing (1893–1974), film character actor
William Desmond (1878–1949), actor, known as "The King of the Silent Serials" (private vaultage)
Elspeth Dudgeon (1871-1955), actor
Margaret Dumont (1882–1965), actor, played "straight woman" to the Marx brothers in several of their movie comedies
E
Stuart Erwin (1903–1967), actor
Anthony Eustrel (1903–1979), actor
Renee Evans (1908–1971), actor
Ernest Evers (1874–1945), film actor
F
Bess Flowers (1898–1984), actor, known as "The Queen of the Hollywood Extras"
Raymond Freidgen (1893–1966), director, producer, writer, actor
Maude Fulton (1881–1950), actor, screenwriter (private vaultage)
Noel Francis (1906-1959), Actress, worked with James Cagney, Edward G Robinson, Humphrey Bogart, Paul Muni
G
Florence Gill (1877–1965), voice actor
Edmund Gwenn (1875–1959), actor, played Santa Claus in the Christmas film Miracle on 34th Street (private vaultage)
H
Raymond Hackett (1902–1958), actor
Jean Hagen (1923–1977), actor
Hobart Henley (1887–1964), actor
Halliwell Hobbes (1877–1962), actor
Arthur Hoyt (1874–1953), actor
Warren Hymer (1906–1948), actor
I
Lloyd Ingraham (1874–1956), actor, director, and screenwriter
J
Julanne Johnston (1900–1988), actor
Justine Johnstone (1895–1982), actor
E. Truman Joiner (1905-1961), Key Grip
L
Gregory La Cava (1892–1952), director
Lew Landers (1901–1962), motion picture director
William LeBaron (1883–1958), motion picture producer
Mitchell Leisen (1898–1972), comedy director
Montagu Love (1877–1943), actor
Wilfred Lucas (1871–1940), actor, director, screenwriter (private vaultage)
M
J. Farrell MacDonald (1875–1952), actor and director
Herbert Marshall (1890–1966), actor
Edward Martindel (1876–1955), actor
Sarah Y. Mason (1896–1980), screenwriter and script supervisor (private vaultage)
Torben Meyer (1884–1975), actor
Gertrude Michael (1910–1965), actor
Geneva Mitchell (1908–1949), actor
Thomas Mitchell (1892–1962), actor
Leonard Mudie (1883–1965), actor
N
Alan Napier (1903–1988), actor, butler Alfred Pennyworth on TV's Batman (cremated here, ashes scattered in their former residence's garden).
Ray Nazarro (1902–1986), film director
Tom Neal (1914–1972), actor, convicted of manslaughter in the death of their estranged wife
O
Willis H. O'Brien (1886–1962), filmmaker
Vivien Oakland (1895–1958), actor
Philip Ober (1902–1982), actor
Garry Owen (1902-1951), actor
P
Franklin Parker (1900–1962), actor
Stuart Paton (1883–1944), motion picture director (private vaultage)
Eileen Percy (1900–1973), actor
George P. Putnam (1887–1950), publisher, author and explorer, husband of Amelia Earhart
R
Warner Richmond (1886–1948), actor
Rachel Roberts (1927–1980), British actor
Harry Ruby (1895–1974), screenwriter, songwriter and composer (private vaultage)
S
William Selig (1864–1948), pioneer movie studio owner
Ann Sheridan (1915–1967), actor, known as the "Oomph Girl," originally inurned here, their ashes were relocated to Hollywood Forever Cemetery in 2005
Jay Silverheels (1912–1980), actor, played Tonto on The Lone Ranger, cremated here, ashes were scattered on their Six Nations reservation in Canada
Herbert Standing Sr. (1846–1923), actor
Vernon Steele (1882–1955), actor
Harry Stubbs (1874–1950), actor
Noel Francis Sweeney Stevenson (1906-1959), Actress, Worked with James Cagney, Edward G Robinson, Humphrey Bogart, Paul Muni
T
Zeffie Tilbury (1863–1950), actor
Florence Turner (1885–1946), actor, producer, and screenwriter (private vaultage)
V
Philip Van Zandt (1904–1958), actor (private vaultage)
W
H. B. Warner (1875–1958), actor (private vaultage)
E. Allyn Warren (1874–1940), actor
Lyle R. Wheeler (1905–1990), movie art director
Kathlyn Williams (1888–1960), actor, screenwriter
Y
Cy Young, animator
The British Commonwealth War Graves Commission commemorates one Commonwealth serviceman whose ashes are inurned here, a soldier of the Canadian Army of World War I.
References
Cemeteries in Los Angeles
Burials at Chapel of the Pines Crematory
1903 establishments in California
West Adams, Los Angeles
Urtica incisa, commonly called scrub nettle, stinging nettle, and tall nettle, is an upright perennial herb native to streams and rainforest of eastern and southern Australia, from the north–east southwards through the east, of Queensland and New South Wales, then across the south, through Victoria, Tasmania, south-eastern South Australia and parts of southern Western Australia. Also widespread in the North and South Island of New Zealand.
Growth
Scrub nettle leaves are triangular and opposite, long, with serrated margins and stinging hairs.
Uses
Indigenous Australians ate the leaves after baking them between hot stones. They are considered a tasty vegetable, with colonists also using it to make a tonic for "clearing the blood".
References
Bushfood
Medicinal plants
incisa
Leaf vegetables
Flora of the Australian Capital Territory
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Flora of South Australia
Flora of Tasmania
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Rosids of Western Australia
Zahra Amini () is an Iranian former footballer who played as a defender. They have been a member of the Iran women's national team.
References
Living people
Iranian women's footballers
Women's association football defenders
Iran women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Susan Dart Butler (1888 – June 24, 1959) was an American librarian and milliner.
Early life and education
Susan Dart was born in Charleston, South Carolina in 1888 as the oldest child of Reverend John Lewis Dart (1854-1915) and Julia Pierre. They were named after their grandmother, Susan Fenwick, who is a prior to the Civil War was able to purchase their husband as a free person of color. Reverend Dart, a Baptist, was born free and attended Newton Theological Seminary. Butler attended a private school in 1895, but due to overcrowding, their father established the Charleston Normal and Industrial Institute known locally as Dart Hall, which was located on their property able to serve 150 African American schoolchildren.
Butler attended Atlanta University and later lived in Boston to attend the McDowell Millinery School from 1908 to 1912. In 1912, they married to Nathaniel Lowe Butler, a building contractor and real estate agent, and the couple relocated to Charleston where they were a milliner until 1918. In 1918, they gave birth to their only child, Nathaniel Lowe Butler, Jr. They co-founded the Charleston Federation of Women's Clubs, helping improve community life for South Carolina youth.
Career
In 1917, Butler became the treasurer and highest-ranking member of the Charleston branch in the NAAP. One of the campaigns of the newly established branch was for Black teachers to teach Black youth in the schools and in 1920, the school district began to employ African American teachers. In 1918, they ended their millinery business and returned to Reverend Dart's school to reestablish the kindergarten program after their death.
As a member of the Charleston Interracial Committee, Butler and other prominent women within the community, including their mother Julia and Clelia McGowan the city's first alderwoman, turned their attention to convincing residents of Charleston of the need for a library. McGowan began to distribute traveling libraries throughout South Carolina. Butler happened to see a young student request a poetry book that their school didn't have from Dart Hall and recognized chaired a subcommittee to survey the quality and condition of books found in local black schools, churches and civic organizations. The survey found that many books were in poor condition.
In 1927, Butler opened a reading room three days a week for African Americans at Dart Hall. The room was previously used for printing the newspaper Southern Reporter from 1905-1913 and the damage to the floor prompted Butler to replace the floorboards. They used books from their father's collection, operating the room at their expense. The Charleston Free Library was founded in 1929 with financing from the Rosenwald Fund and the Carnegie Fund. The library received much of the funding because of Dart Hall because the funds were looking to finance libraries for Black patrons. The library consisted of two branches, one for White patrons and the other, Dart Hall, for Black patrons. White patrons were able to use the temporary location until the library was completed but Black patrons needed to wait until July 1931 when Charleston Free Library adopted Dart Hall as a branch. The Dart family rented it to Charleston County for $1 a year until 1952 when the County purchased it as a branch.
The branch was staffed by three African American librarians and 3,600 books were in circulation. Helen Virginia Stelle oversaw the creation of the new library. While the majority of white librarians employed weren't trained as librarians, Stelle was particularly critical of Dart Hall librarians in their review wrote that Dart Hall was in terrible condition and the head librarian, Julia Macbeth, was incompetent. Stelle though Butler would be competent as a librarian but technical work would be too complicated. Stelle proposed Butler attend Hampton Institute, Hampton, Virginia with pay for training in library science to complement their previously informal training at Dart Hall Library and traveling throughout the South to see how various libraries were organized. Butler became head librarian in 1932 upon their return. Stelle also recommended that circulating children's books be very simple since elementary county students were perceived as having limited reading skills and often rejected requests for challenging adult material as well. Butler actively contested these ideas telling children to "pick something harder" and receiving financial assistance from outside sources to purchased more intellectual materials and the acquisition of secondhand books. Butler also worked with the librarians to create programs for children and adults to encourage reading and use of the library which resulted in an increase of patronage.
In May 1957, Susan Dart Butler retired from the library. They died June 24, 1959.
References
1888 births
1959 deaths
African-American librarians
American librarians
American women librarians
People from Charleston, South Carolina
Milliners
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Hasgebe, Serik is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Throw You Down are Thelma Houston's 15th studio album. It was their only album for Reprise Records, released in mid 1990. Richard Perry is credited with writing the lyrics and producing the Album. The album features the hits "Out of My Hands", "High" and the title track which reached Number 6 on the Dance charts in 1991.
Production
The Fall of 1990 saw the release of Houston's first album in six years, Throw You Down, a long-planned collaboration with producer Richard Perry which briefly extended Houston's career as a minor R&B chart presence.
Critical reception
In their review on the album, Ron Wynn from AllMusic stated: "Thelma Houston raised a few eyebrows in 1990 when this album was released. They still had a soulful, galvanizing voice, and they were equally good at fitting into pop, dance, or R&B contexts. While the album itself wasn't a great effort and was strictly aimed at the crossover market, thanks to producer Richard Perry, the single "Out of My Hands" was one of Houston's best songs and among the better unpublicized gems of '90."
Charts
Throw You Down peaked at #38 on August 3rd 1991 and spent 5 weeks on the Chart according to the Billboard Hot 100.
The title song reached No. 5 on the U.S. dance chart. A remix of “Don't Leave Me This Way” was released, and once again charted on the Hot Dance Club Play chart at No. 19 in 1995. Subsequent singles include “I Need Somebody Tonight” and “All of That”.
Track listing
"What They Are" (Glen Ballard, Richard Perry, Siedah Garrett)
"You Can Float In My Boat" (Brian Elliot)
"Throw You Down" (Dennis Matkowsky, Richard Wolf)
"A Man Who Isn't So Smooth" (Andy Goldmark, Carly Simon)
"High" (LeMel Humes)
"Serious" (Howie Rice, Janet "Planet" Cole, Michael Dunlap, Thelma Houston)
"Short Life" (Alee Willis, Danny Sembello)
"Got to Be Yourself" (Dyna Brein, Howie Rice, Michael Dunlap)
"I Won't Forget" (Lemel Humes, Mary Lee Kortes)
"Out of My Hands" (Marti Sharron, Tom Snow)
Personnel
"Throw You Down"
Glen Ballard - Composer
Peggi Blu - Vocals (Background)
Dyna Brein - Composer
Janet Cole - Composer
Michael Dunlap - Composer
Brian Elliot - Composer
Siedah Garrett - Composer, Vocals (Background)
Andrew Goldmark - Composer
Thelma Houston - Composer, Primary Artist
LeMel Humes - Composer, Producer
Jean Johnson - Vocals (Background)
Mary Lee Kortes - Composer
Dennis Matkosky - Composer
Richard Perry - Composer, Producer
Howie Rice - Composer, Producer
Danny Sembello - Composer
Marti Sharron - Composer
Alfie Silas - Vocals (Background)
Carly Simon - Composer
Tom Snow - Composer
Tina Thomas - Featured Artist
Trick - Featured Artist
Allee Willis - Composer
Richard Wolf - Composer
Monalisa Young - Vocals (Background)
Single Releases
Throw You Down - CD Maxi Single
"Throw You Down (Single Mix)"
"Throw You Down (Throw Down Mix)"
"What They Have (12 Inch Mix)"
"Throw You Down (Rave Mix)"
"Throw You Down (Rave Dub)"
"Throw You Down (Down For The Count Dub)"
High - CD Promo Single
"High (New Single Remix)"
"High (Single Version)"
"High (Alternative Radio Mix)"
"High (House Remix)"
References
1990 albums
Thelma Houston albums
Albums produced by Richard Perry
Reprise Records albums
Altınkaya is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Aşağıkocayatak is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Serik District
Theodemir or Theodomar (Galician and ; died 847), was a bishop of Iria, in Galicia.
At some point between year 818, when Bishop Quendulf was still alive, and 842 when king Alfonso II of Asturias died, Pelagius the Hermit saw mysterious lights, like a shower of stars, on the same hill in the forest near Solovio every night. They went and reported the phenomenon to Bishop Theodemir.
Theodemir gathered a small entourage and went to Solovio to see the phenomenon for himself. There, in the dense vegetation, they discovered a stone sepulchre in which rested the corpses of three men, who were immediately identified as the Apostle James the Great and two of their disciples, Theodore and Athanasius. Theodemir believed that this was in line with the Breviary of the Apostles, which taught that James was buried in an ark in Marmarica (arca marmárica), but they said "arca de mármol" or an ark of marble was meant.
References
Bishops and archbishops of Iria and Compostela
847 deaths
Year of birth unknown
9th-century Asturian people
Sammy Boeddha Renders (born 1 August 1993), better known by their stage name Sam Feldt, is a Dutch DJ, record producer and entrepreneur.
Career
Musical career
In 2015, they released a remake of Robin S.' "Show Me Love". The track was released by Spinnin' Records and Polydor. It became an instant hit, peaking at number 4 on the UK Singles Chart and reached the 21st position on the Dutch Top 40. In Australia, "Show Me Love" was certified gold. In Belgium, Feldt's track reached 15 and 13 on Billboard's Dance/Electronic Songs chart. In 2016, Sam Feldt released the song "Summer on You" together with Lucas & Steve. After reaching the number 4 spot in the Dutch Top 40, it became the most played track on Dutch radio in September and October 2016. Shortly after the release of "Summer on You", the track was awarded with a Platinum award in the Netherlands. Feldt was ranked on DJ Mags list of the Top 100 DJs of 2017 at 75.
Billboard described Feldt as "a modern house superstar", and their treatment of "Show Me Love" as "Anne reshapes the famous melody, while Feldt echoes the original with a bubbly deep house beat." The single "The Devil's Tears" (Sam Feldt Edit) was one of Spotify's top 10 most viral tracks. Feldt's debut album Sunrise was released on 6 October 2017, via Spinnin' Records. On 24 November 2017 Feldt released a double album titled Sunrise to Sunset, which consists of songs from their debut studio album and 12 additional songs. The double album was followed by their remix album After The Sunset, featuring remixes from Zonderling, Breathe Carolina and Calvo. In 2019, Sam released their track "Post Malone", which has hit 375 million streams on Spotify, as of November 2020.
With their project Sam Feldt Live, Feldt combines their digital music production with live instruments. Their band, composed of Dutch trumpeter Quirijn and Dutch saxophonist Tariq, is featured on multiple Sam Feldt songs.
In 2020, Feldt revealed their own record label known as Heartfeldt Records, with "Hold Me Close" featuring Ella Henderson as the first official release. They have also created their own charity, The Heartfeldt Foundation, which raises awareness on global warming. The foundation has partnered with several DJs including Goldfish, Jay Hardway, and Blond:ish.
Discography
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Remix albums
Extended plays
Singles
Remixes
2018: Shaun featuring Conor Maynard – "Way Back Home" (Sam Feldt Edit)
2019: AJ Mitchell featuring Ava Max – "Slow Dance" (Sam Feldt Remix)
2019: James Blunt – "The Truth" (Sam Feldt Remix)
2019: Ed Sheeran featuring Camila Cabello and Cardi B – "South of the Border" (Sam Feldt Remix)
2020: Möwe featuring Conor Maynard and Rani – "Talk to Me" (Sam Feldt Edit)
2020: Jaymes Young – "Happiest Year" (Sam Feldt Remix)
2020: JeeCee – "Milavain" (Sam Feldt Edit)
2020: Dermot Kennedy – "Giants" (Sam Feldt Remix)
2021: Sam Fischer and Demi Lovato – "What Other People Say" (Sam Feldt Remix)
2021: Duncan Laurence – "Arcade" (Sam Feldt Remix)
Notes
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Dutch DJs
Dutch house musicians
People from Boxtel
Tropical house musicians
Electronic dance music DJs
Remixers
Battistini is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alfredo Battistini (1953–2008), Italian-Swiss sculptor, illustrator and athlete
Dillon Battistini (born 1977), English racing driver
Graziano Battistini (1936–1994), Italian cyclist
Graziano Battistini, (born 1970), retired Italian football goalkeeper
Manuel Battistini (born 1994), Sammarinese footballer
Mattia Battistini (1856–1928), Italian opera singer
Maurizio Battistini (born 1957), Sammarinese alpine skier
Michael Battistini (born 1996), Sammarinese footballer
Sergio Battistini (born 1963), Italian footballer
See also
Battistini (Rome Metro), underground station in Rome, Italy
Italian-language surnames
The 2007 Cork Junior A Hurling Championship was the 110th staging of the Cork Junior A Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Cork County Board in 1895. The championship began on 7 October 2007 and ended on 21 October 2007.
On 21 October 2007, Barryroe won the championship following a 2-19 to 2-13 defeat of Chareville in the final. This was their first championship title in the grade.
Charlevill'e John Quinlan was the championship's top scorer with 4-24.
Qualification
Results
First round
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Top scorers
Overall
In a single game
References
Cork Junior Hurling Championship
Cork Junior Hurling Championship
Chandil subdivision is an administrative subdivision of the Seraikela Kharsawan district in the Kolhan division in the state of Jharkhand, India.
Administrative set up
Seraikela Kharsawan district has two subdivisions – (1) Seraikela Sadar subdivision with Seraikela, Kharsawan, Kuchai, Adityapur and Gobindpur CD blocks, and (2) Chandil subdivision with Chandil, Ichagarh, Kukru and Nimdih CD blocks.
The subdivisions of Seraikela Kharsawan district have the following distinctions:
Note: Calculated on the basis of block-wise data available.
Police stations
Police stations in the Chandil subdivision are at:
Chandil
Chowka
Ichagarh
Nimdih
Tiruldih
Blocks
Community development blocks in the Chandil subdivision are:
Education
In 2011, in Chandil subdivision out of a total 318 inhabited villages there were 44 villages with pre-primary schools, 298 villages with primary schools, 163 villages with middle schools, 24 villages with secondary schools, 11 villages with senior secondary schools, 20 villages with no educational facility.
.*Senior secondary schools are also known as Inter colleges in Jharkhand
Educational institutions
The following institution is located in Chandil subdivision:
Singhbhum College was established at Chandil in 1973.
(Information about degree colleges with proper reference may be added here)
Healthcare
In 2011, in Chandil subdivision there were 6 villages with primary health centres, 45 villages with primary health subcentres, 31 villages with maternity and child welfare centres, 12 villages with allopathic hospitals, 8 villages with dispensaries, 1 village with a veterinary hospital, 4 villages with family welfare centres, 56 villages with medicine shops.
.*Private medical practitioners, alternative medicine etc. not included
Medical facilities
(Anybody has referenced information about location of government/ private medical faciltites may please add it here)
References
Sub-divisions in Jharkhand
Psychedelic Country Soul is the fourth studio album by American band the Long Ryders, released on February 15, 2019, through Omnivore Recordings in the US and Cherry Red Records in the UK. It is the band's first album in 32 years with Two-Fisted Tales their last release in 1987.
The first single from the album, "Greenville" was released on January 8, 2019. Two further singles, "Molly Somebody" and "Walls", were released in March and September 2019, respectively.
Background
The Long Ryders originally disbanded in 1987 but have periodically regrouped for brief reunions. The only new material released by the band since 1987 was the 2017 single, "Bear in the Woods". In 2017, the Long Ryders were offered a week's free studio time by Larry Chatman at Dr. Dre's Los Angeles recording studio, Record One. Chatman, who in the 1980s was part of the Long Ryders' road crew, had since become Dr. Dre's personal assistant, helping to oversee the studio. The band had hired Chatman as a roadie for several tours in the 1980s and made them the bass player when Long Ryder bassist Tom Stevens left the band before their final tour in 1987. Guitarist Sid Griffin: "For the last thirty years they have been telling me that they had never forgotten how kind the Long Ryders were to them when they were down-and-out in L.A. ... Larry kept saying, "I am going to pay you back."
Griffin and the band accepted Chatman's generous offer and secured the services of their last producer, Ed Stasium (the Ramones, the Smithereens, Living Colour, Jeff Healey Band). The band traded demos, agreed on the material and learned the songs at home before rehearsals in Los Angeles. A week of recording was then booked at Record One in November 2017. "We actually had to beg Larry for an extra day because we were not quite done," Griffin said. Additional overdubs were done at Stasium's Eight Palms Ranchero home studio in Poway, California in December and at Montrose Recording in Richmond, Virginia in January 2018. The finished recordings were then mixed by Stasium at their studio. Before the recordings got underway, Griffin was adamant that the band should not release a bad album, "If we had just three or four good songs, then we could put them out on an EP or on Spotify," they said. Griffin's concerns, however, were put to rest when the recordings were done. "I was just stunned how well things turned out," they said
Psychedelic Country Soul features eleven new Long Ryders compositions, all written specifically for the album, and a cover of Tom Petty's "Walls". "Every time I met them they were a great guy, very fond of the band," Griffin said, "so we thought we'd do a little song in their honour." Guests on the album include Debbi and Vicki Peterson of the Bangles on backing vocals, Dave Pearlman (Dan Fogelberg, Phil Everly, Hoyt Axton) on pedal steel guitar and Kerenza Peacock of the Coal Porters on violin.
Griffin has called Psychedelic Country Soul "the album we were always trying to make … each flavor which made the band unique is there be it C&W, rock 'n' roll, troubadour folk music, raw R&B, or out-there psychedelia."
Reception
Psychedelic Country Soul received positive reviews from music critics. AllMusic felt that the album is "every bit as satisfying" as their earlier albums Native Sons and Two-Fisted Tales, and "within throwing distance" of their best album, State of Our Union. Country music magazine Maverick called it "a masterful return from one of the great names in country rock," and PopMatters similarly called it a "triumphant return" and felt that the album is "as good as anything the Long Ryders released back when they were helping to invent what we now call Americana."
Exclaim! magazine wrote that the band "appear at the top of their game, with youthful aggression replaced by measured maturity." Louder Than War wrote, "Remarkably, not only does Psychedelic Country Soul stand up to its predecessors, it has a more cohesive sound ... and most of the songs here rank alongside anything in their repertoire." They concluded that "it's evident that this is more than a return to form; it's a highlight of their career."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the album's liner notes.
The Long Ryders
Sid Griffin – vocals, guitar, mandolin, harmonica
Stephen McCarthy – vocals, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, pedal steel guitar, Mellotron, bass (4, 11)
Tom Stevens – vocals, bass, acoustic guitar, electric guitar, lead guitar (4, 7, 11)
Greg Sowders – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Ed Stasium – vocals, organ, synth horns, tambura, melodica
Debbi Peterson – vocals (2, 10)
Vicki Peterson – vocals (2, 10)
Kerenza Peacock – violin (2, 6, 8)
Dave Pearlman – pedal steel guitar (8)
Miss Julia Wild – vocals (10)
Charles Arthur – organ (10)
Hoppy Nipkins – piano (12)
Technical
Ed Stasium – producer, engineer, mixing
Lola Romero – assistant engineer
Adrian Olsen – overdub engineer
Alexandra Spalding – assistant overdub engineer
Greg Calbi – mastering
Greg Allen – art direction, design
Henry Diltz – photography
Charts
References
2019 albums
The Long Ryders albums
Albums produced by Ed Stasium
Count Carl von Fersen (1716-1786), was a Swedish courtier. They were an amateur singer and a leading member of the amateur theater of king Gustav III of Sweden. They were also the director of the Royal Swedish Opera in 1780–86, and a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music (1772).
They were the son of Hans Reinhold von Fersen and Eleonora Margareta Wachtmeister and the brother of Axel von Fersen the Elder, and thus the uncle of Axel von Fersen the Younger. They married Charlotta Sparre and became the father of five daughters, notably Augusta Löwenhielm and Ulla von Höpken.
Carl von Fersen spent most of their life at the royal court, where they were an appreciated participator of social life.
References
1716 births
1786 deaths
Members of the Royal Swedish Academy of Music
18th-century Swedish singers
18th-century Swedish male actors
Swedish courtiers
Carl
Lucha Libre USA: Masked Warriors is an American Lucha Libre promotion and television program on the MTV2 broadcast channel, chronicling the rise of Mexican-style wrestling, or lucha libre, in the United States. The first episode was aired on July 16, 2010. The second season premiered October 1, 2011. On July 11, 2012 the remainder of season two began airing on Hulu with the final episode airing on October 3, 2012.
History
On July 16, 2010, Lucha Libre USA premiered season one of their flagship program Lucha Libre USA: Masked Warriors on MTV2. During season one Lucha Libre USA held TV tapings in multiple venues.
On October 1, 2011, Lucha Libre USA began season 2 of Lucha Libre USA Masked Warriors airing the first four episodes on MTV2 before bringing the series to Hulu where the remaining episodes were aired.
After the cancellation of the Masked Warriors series the promotion continued to hold live events throughout the West coast until the promotions closure in 2013.
Behind the Mask
Behind the Mask was a documentary feature broadcast on MTV2 and the MTV website. The show follows wrestlers originating from Mexico, the United States and other parts of the world, as they perform physical acts and background stories. Images of traditional, non-masked American professional wrestlers, like luchador técnico Marco Corleone, are shown entering the lucha libre arenas for staged confrontation. Commentary in the program stated that rudo luchador R. J. Brewer, in their on-screen persona, wishes to "Americanize" the sport by "cleaning up the Mexican elements" of Lucha Libre USA.
Championships history
LLUSA Heavyweight Championship
On December 12, 2010, Lizmark Jr. defeated Charly Malice, Marco Corleone and R. J. Brewer in a Lucha Roulette four-way elimination match to become the first-ever Lucha Libre USA Heavyweight Champion.
LLUSA Tag Team Championship
On January 22, 2011, Rudisimo (El Oriental and Tinieblas Jr.) defeated Puerto Rican Power (P.R. Flyer and San Juan Kid) and Treachery (Rellik and Sydistiko) in a three-way tag match to become the first-ever Lucha Libre USA Tag Team Champions.
Roster
Male wrestlers
Chicas
Alumni
Cassandro
Charly Malice
Chavo Guerrero Jr.
Chi Chi
Diamond Face
Dragoncito
El Hijo de Anibal
El Oriental
Headhunter A
Headhunter B
Huracan Ramirez, Jr.
Isis the Amazon
Jay Lethal
Kip Gunn
LA Park
Lady Luck
Latin Lover
Lujo Esquire
Marco Corleone
Magno
Mascara Púrpura
Mascarita Dorada
Medianoche
Mentallo
Mini Dragoncito
Misteriosito
Neutronic
Octagoncito
Petey Williams
P.R. Flyer
Reid Flair
Rellik
Saber Claw
San Juan Kid
Sol I
Sol II
Solid
Stevie Richards
On-air personalities
Hosts
Commentators
Ring announcers
References
External links
LuchaProUSA
Lucha Libre USA at MTV2
2010 American television series debuts
American professional wrestling promotions
American professional wrestling television series
Lucha libre
Lucha Libre USA
MTV original programming
2012 American television series endings
Ivey Hall is a historic building on the campus of Lincoln University in New Zealand. It is registered as a Category I structure by Heritage New Zealand.
The building was designed by Frederick Strouts and built between 1878 and 1880. Strouts modelled the design on Rothamsted Manor in Hertfordshire. Originally, it was used as an accommodation building for students and the director of the School of Agriculture. Later on, it became the university's library. In 1954, it was named after William Ivey (1838–1892), the inaugural head of the teaching institution. It is one of the earliest large buildings built in permanent materials in Canterbury and the earliest large structure in New Zealand of Jacobean architecture still in existence. It has been extended several times, with the 1881 extension designed by Strouts, the west wing was designed in 1918 by John Guthrie, and Cecil Wood designed the Memorial Hall in 1923.
Ivey Hall is registered by Heritage New Zealand as a Category I'm building with registration number 273. It was originally classified as B. It was badly damaged by the 2010 Canterbury earthquake.
References
Lincoln University (New Zealand)
NZHPT Category I listings in Canterbury, New Zealand
Jacobean architecture
Lohača () is a small village in the hills west of Planina in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.
History
Lohača was administratively separated from Strmca in 1994 and made an independent settlement.
References
External links
Lohača on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Postojna
The Song to the Auspicious Cloud () was the title of two historical national anthems of the Republic of China. The first version was composed in 1896 by Jean Hautstont, a Belgian composer and esperantist, and was in use from 1913 to 1915 as a provisional anthem. The second version, composed by Xiao Youmei, was in use from 1921 to 1928 as an official national anthem. The lyrics of both songs were based on Commentary of Shang Shu () written by Fu Sheng in 200–100 BCE.
Auspicious Cloud represents heaven and good luck in Chinese culture.
History
The lyrics of the two versions of the Song to the Auspicious Cloud were based on a song written in Commentary of Shang Shu, which was said to have been sung by the ancient Chinese Emperor Shun, when they passed on the throne to Yu the Great. Its original lyrics in classical Chinese were:
"How bright is the Auspicious Cloud, How broad is its brilliancy. The light is spectacular with sun or moon, How it revives dawn after dawn."
The image of the song symbolized transfer and changing, which referred to the noble demise system of Chinese emperor relinquishing seats to others in Yao and Shun's era before the hereditary system of monarchy in ancient Chinese legends. After the end of the monarchy and the establishment of the republic, the lyrics of the classical song was favored by many to become the national anthem by the new government.
First version (1913–15)
A national anthem committee was established in July 1912 by Cai Yuanpei, the Minister of Education of the Republic of China. Representative Wang Rongbao (汪榮寶), added another quotation from Emperor Shun: "時哉夫，天下非一人之天下也" (Time has changed, the whole nation is no longer owned by one person.) in the last line of "Song to the Auspicious Cloud" and invited Jean Hautstont, a Belgian composer and esperantist, to compose an anthem. On April 8, 1913, the national anthem was used in opening ceremony of the first regular council. It was a provisional anthem until "China Heroically Stands in the Universe" became the national anthem of the Republic of China on May 23, 1915.
Second version (1921–28)
In November 1919, Duan Qirui established the National Anthem Research Committee (國歌研究會), which adopted the second version of the "Song to the Auspicious Cloud". Lyrics (1920) by Zhang Taiyan from the classic "the Song to the Auspicious Cloud" (卿雲歌) from the Commentary of Shangshu. Music (1921) by Xiao Youmei.
It was selected to be the official anthem on March 31, 1921, by No.759 presidential decree, and was released in July 1921 by the Department of National Affairs (國務院).
¹糺 (jiū "collaborate") is sometimes written as 糾 (jiū "investigate") or 織 (zhī "to web")
It was replaced by the current national anthem of the Republic of China, which is also the Kuomintang party anthem, in 1928, as a result of the Northern Expedition from 1926 to 1928 and the overthrow of the government. However, during the Second Sino-Japanese war, several collaborationist governments established by the Japanese army, such as Provisional Government of the Republic of China and the Reformed Government of the Republic of China, also used this anthem, as these governments recommissioned all the old republican national symbols before the Kuomintang came to power in 1928.
See also
Historical Chinese anthems
Order of Propitious Clouds
References
External links
Audio, sheet music, and lyrics
National symbols of the Republic of China (1912–1949)
Historical national anthems
Chinese patriotic songs
Mandarin-language songs
Asian anthems
Book of Documents
Raja Mannargudi Mahamahopadhyaya Thyagaraja Mahi Raju Sastrigal (28 May 1815 – 4 March 1903), also known as Mannargudi Raju Sastri or Mannargudi Periyaval, was a Hindu scholar. They were born in the Bharadwaja Vamsa, as a descendant of Adayappaalam Sri Appayya Dikshitar. Raju Sastri was born in the village of Kuthambadi in today's Thiruvarur district as son of Maragathavalli Janakiammal and Sri Markasahaya Appa Dikshitar
Gurukul
Sastri went back to Mannargudi and set up their gurukul and started teaching many students. They lived in Agraharam First Street, door number 73, and taught veda sastra, anushtanams and granta for thousands of students for over sixty years. Scholars, disciples and devotees address them with reverence as Mannargudi Periyaval with great respect even today. Students flocked to learn from this scholar. People came from Maharashtra, Telugu Desam, Palakadu and from far away places to live and learn from him. Many rich vidwans and scholars saw their sincere teachings and funded the gurukul and made food donations to the students who lived there. Raju Sastri conducted Somayagam for their father Sri Appa Dikshitar in 1864. As per their father's wish, Raju Sastri adopted their brother Appaiya Dikshitar]s son Neelakanda Sastri. Raju Sastri had many disciples in their Gurukul and they loved to teach them. Their adopted son Neelakanta Sastrigal looked after the administration of the Gurukul. Raju Sastri divided their students into different sections according to their knowledge and taught them the Sastras according to their level. There were even sanyasis who were their students. The house on the East Main Road in Rajamannargudi town where they lived later became Sankara Mutt, thanks to the Paramacharya.
Students
Many of Sastri's students went on to become famous scholars. The following is a list of some of these students.
Paiganadu Ganapathy Sastri
Nadukaveri Srinivasa Sastri
Pazhavaneri Sundara Sastri
Goshtipuram Harihara Sastri
Thirupathy Venkatasubramanya Sastri
Mallari Ramakrishna Sastri
Paruthiyur Krishna Sastrigal
Kasi Brahmananda Swamigal
Balakrishnananda Swamigal
Ramakrishannanda Swamigal
Mahadevasramigal
Dakshinamurthy Swamigal
Maharashtra Swamigal
Satchidananda Swamigal
Tenaangulam Vaishnavas
Neelakanda Sastri
Yegnaswami Sastri
Sithamalli Sri Subramanya Shastrigal Yateendral
Teachings
Initially Raju Sastri was a very different teacher. They were very particular that all their students followed their instructions and would be very upset if a student made even a small mistake. They would yell at them with anger and the whole neighbourhood could hear them being annoyed. Then after a while they would explain and correct the mistake very elaborately to the whole class so that no student would make the same mistake again ever. They did not encourage arguments and discussion and wanted students to follow very strict class procedures. They would dismiss students who did not follow their strict code of conduct. Early in the morning, Guru Raju Sastri would go north to the river near Kailasanathar temple for their daily bath. While all their students went south to the river Padithurai near Meenakshi Amman temple for their bath. It is even said that Raju Sastri once dismissed and suspended their student Paruthiyur Krishna Sastri mistaking their arguments to be an act of arrogance. Krishna Sastri left the Gurukul to do Ramayana Pravachans, which became very popular. Raju Sastri happened to listen to this pravachan, after hearing about it from their other students. The discourses were on the virtues of Sri Rama. Sastri listened to the discourse on "Patience" as the greatest virtue of all. Raju Sastri was very impressed and said that Krishna Sastri's Pravachan had opened their eyes. 'I have myself learnt a lot from their description of Sri Rama's virtues. Krishna Sastri you are a Mahaanubhavan, you will bring great joy to many people. Raju Sastri recognised Krishna Sastri's scholarship and decided to train and teach them and mould them to become a great scholar. Raju Sastri became a different man after that. Raju Sastri was famed as a teacher known for their simplicity, patience and compassion.
Knowledge
Raju Sastrigal had learned all four Sastras and was a very knowledgeable man. They addressed several issues by answering the queries on Dharma Sastram and acharam, often posed to them by Vedic scholars and pundits. Their authority on the administration of Dharma made many legal luminaries come to them seeking their advice on issues concerning Hindu law. Publishers and authors made it a point to obtain their foreword for their works. They also offered counselling to people of different faiths explaining the common goal of all religions.
Works
Sri Raju Sastrigal authored more than 30 books. Some of them include:
Sath Vidya vilasam
Vedantha Vadhasankragam
Upathivichara
Brahma Vidhya Tharangini Vyagyanam
Niyayethu Sekaram
Advaitha Siddhi
Sama Rudra Samhita Bashyam
Siva Thathuva Viveka Deepika
Siva Mahima Viveka Deepika
Siva Mahima Kalikka Sthuthi
Shiva Mahima Stuti Vyakyanam
Purushartha Prabodha Sankaraha
Durjanokthi Nirasam
Cauvery Navarathnamalika
Thiyagarajasthwam
Thamrabharneestvam
Kaveristhvam
Dikshithanavaratnamalalika
Dhikshithvamsaabharanam
In the Malika, Sri Sastrigal had composed songs on the annual rituals and important festivals being celebrated at Sri Tyagaraja Swami Temple Tiruvarur, and Sri Rajagopala Swami Temple, Mannargudi.
Title
In commemoration of the coronation of Queen Victoria in 1887, Raju Sastrigal was selected from the south for the title Mahamahopadhyaya and was invited to Delhi for the award ceremony. Since Sri Sastrigal refused to go to receive the award, the then Governor General directed the then Collector of Thanjavur to confer the title at their residence. Mannargudi Raju Sastri was the first from the south to receive such a prestigious title. After this title, gifts and felicitations were sent to them from the Thanjavur Collector. Learned scholars came from far away places to meet them every day.
Raju Sastri had formed the "Kumbakonam Advaita Sabha" for propagating the tenets of the Advaita faith. After him, their chief disciple Shi Ganapathy Sastrigal, who was invested the title of Mahamahopadyaya, became the accredited pundit for this Sabha.
Works on Raju Sastri
Thyagaraja Vijayam in Sanskrit written by Mahamahopadyaya Yegnaswami Sastrigal grandson of Sri Raju Sastri, is an elaborate history of Sri Mannagudi Raju Sastri. The main features of this book were then translated into Tamil in the name "Sri Raju Sastrigalin Mahimai" by great grandson Sri Ya: Mahalinga Sastri MABL. The book describes Sri Mannargudi Raju Sastri's life, scholarship in Veda Sastras, their faith in daily rituals, their love for their students, their compositions and greatness of some of their popular disciples.
Both Thulasendrapuram Ganapathy Sastri and Paruthiyur Sri Krishna Sastri had written wonderful slokas in praise of Guru Raju Sastri. One of their main disciples, late Mahamahopadhyaya Painganadu Ganapathi Sastrigal, wrote Gururajasapthathy, a set of seventy slokas on their great Guru. They have described therein the great qualities of Raju Sastri, their keen intellect, their benign treatment of their students, and their great devotion to Lord Shiva.
Last days
In 1903 Raju Sastri, at 88 years old, became very weak and they could not even get up or move around without help. Their daughter-in-law took very good care of him. Aged Guru Raju Sastri wanted to hear Krishna Sastri's Pravachans and they sent their wish through a student. Considering their old Guru's age and health, Krishna Sastri immediately went to Mannargudi and stayed there for a few months and did Ramayana Pravachans exclusively for guru Raju Sastri and their family, friends and students. Raju Sastri was delighted and was very proud of their student. Sri Sastrigal attained mukthi at the age of 88 on 4 March 1903, with the entire town mourning over their demise.
Raju Sastri Jayanthi celebrations of Mannargudi Periyaval take place in Mannagudi each year, sponsored by the Mannargudi-based Sankara Arogya Seva Trust in 2008 and from 2009 onwards sponsored by Mannargudi periyava Seva Samithi formed by the descendants of Mannargudi periyava, with the blessings of sri sri sri Jeyandra Saraswathi Swamigal Kanchi Kamakoti peetam.
See also
Sri Vaidhyanatha Dikshitar Sengalipuram Muthanna
Advaita
References
Sarvam Rama Mayam
External links
Ramayanam Sastrigal
Paruthiyur Krishna Sastrigal
Sarvam Rama Mayam
Indian Hindu spiritual teachers
1815 births
1903 deaths
19th-century Hindu religious leaders
"I Love" is a song by American rapper Joyner Lucas, released on October 17, 2018 alongside its music video. Written by Lucas and its producer TheSkyBeats, it served as the lead single of their debut studio album ADHD (2020).
Background and composition
On October 17, 2018, Joyner Lucas premiered the song on Zane Lowe's Beats 1 show. On an "up-tempo instrumental", Lucas raps that they are not a person to be messed with on the track.
Charts
Certifications
References
2020 singles
2020 songs
Atlantic Records singles
Joyner Lucas songs
Songs written by Joyner Lucas
The 1969–70 BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was the fifth occasion on which the BBC2 Floodlit Trophy competition had been held.
This year was another new name on the trophy after the 1969 runner-up defeated the reigning cup-holders
Leigh won the trophy by beating Wigan by the score of 11-6
The match was played at Central Park, Wigan, (historically in the county of Lancashire). The attendance was 12,312 and receipts were £2,854
This was to be Wigan's last appearance in the final of the competition.
Background
This season saw no changes in the entrants, no new members and no withdrawals, the number remaining at eighteen.
The format remained the same as last season with the games in the preliminary round being on a two-legged home and away basis.
This preliminary round involved four clubs, to reduce the numbers to sixteen, followed by a straightforward knock out competition.
Competition and results
Preliminary round – first leg
Involved 2 matches and 4 clubs
Preliminary round – second leg
Involved 2 matches with the same 4 clubs with reverse fixtures
Round 1 – first round
Involved 8 matches and 16 clubs
Round 2 - quarterfinals
Involved 4 matches with 8 clubs
Round 3 – semifinals
Involved 2 matches and 4 Clubs
Round 3 – semifinals – replays
Involved 1 match and 2 clubs
Final
Teams and scorers
Scoring - Try = three (3) points - Goal = two (2) points - Drop goal = two (2) points
The road to success
This tree excludes any preliminary round fixtures
Notes and comments
1 * Huddersfield (who joined the competition in season 1967–68) play their first game at home in the competition
2 * This match was televised
3 * Central Park was the home ground of Wigan with a final capacity of 18,000, although the record attendance was 47,747 for Wigan v St Helens 27 March 1959
General information for those unfamiliar
The Rugby League BBC2 Floodlit Trophy was a knock-out competition sponsored by the BBC and between rugby league clubs, entrance to which was conditional upon the club having floodlights. Most matches were played on an evening, and those of which the second half was televised, were played on a Tuesday evening.
Despite the competition being named as 'Floodlit', many matches took place during the afternoons and not under floodlights, and several of the entrants, including Barrow and Bramley did not have adequate lighting. And, when in 1973, due to the world oil crisis, the government restricted the use of floodlights in sport, all the matches, including the Trophy final, had to be played in the afternoon rather than at night.
The Rugby League season always (until the onset of "Summer Rugby" in 1996) ran from around August-time through to around May-time and this competition always took place early in the season, in the Autumn, with the final taking place in December (The only exception to this was when disruption of the fixture list was caused by inclement weather)
See also
1969–70 Northern Rugby Football League season
1969 Lancashire Cup
1969 Yorkshire Cup
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Rugby league county cups
References
External links
Saints Heritage Society
1896–97 Northern Rugby Football Union season at wigan.rlfans.com
Hull&Proud Fixtures & Results 1896/1897
Widnes Vikings - One team, one passion Season In Review - 1896-97
The Northern Union at warringtonwolves.org
Huddersfield R L Heritage
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
BBC2 Floodlit Trophy
Midtown High School, formerly Henry W. Grady High School, is a public high school located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. It began as Boys High School and was one of the first two high schools established by Atlanta Public Schools in 1872. In 1947, the school was named after Henry W. Grady, a journalist and orator in the Reconstruction Era and a white supremacist. In December 2020, the Atlanta Board of Education announced the new name of Midtown which took effect June 1, 2021.
Midtown is located adjacent to Piedmont Park at 929 Charles Allen Drive, between 8th and 10th Streets, in Midtown Atlanta.
Areas served
In addition to Midtown Atlanta, the school serves Inman Park, Virginia-Highland, Poncey–Highland, Lake Claire, Candler Park, Old Fourth Ward, Morningside-Lenox Park, Home Park, Atlantic Station, Ansley Park, 10th and Home, the designated family housing unit of Georgia Tech, and parts of Downtown Atlanta.
Elementary schools feeding into Midtown High are: Centennial Place, Mary Lin, Hope-Hill, Morningside, and Springdale Park. The Samuel M. Inman Middle School also feeds into Midtown.
History
Initially known as Boys High School, it had a Technical Department which expanded in 1909 to become a separate school: Tech High. The "Henry W. Grady Senior High School for Boys" moved to the current campus site in 1924. The 1924 structure (the wing of the campus facing Charles Allen Dr.) still stands, and has been renovated three times (1950, 1987, and 2004). Between 1909 and 1924, Tech High also moved to the campus' current location. Tech High and Boys High merged in 1947 under the name Henry Woodfin Grady High School.
Grady served as the communication magnet in the Atlanta Public Schools system from 1991 until 2011, when the school closed the magnet following a system-wide grant from the Gates Foundation to open small learning communities. From 2011 to 2015, Grady was home to four small learning communities: Communications and Journalism, Public Policy and Justice, Business and Entrepreneurship, and Biomedical Science and Engineering. In 2015, Grady High School course offerings expanded to include the following pathways: Advanced Academic, World Languages, Fine Arts, Instrumental Music, Theatre Arts, Visual Arts, and Career, Technical and Agricultural Education (CTAE). In 2016–17, it was used during the production of the 2017 Marvel Studios film Spider-Man: Homecoming, which is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).
Controversy over name
In January 2016, Henry W. Grady Middle School in Houston was renamed because Grady was a white supremacist.
In February 2016, the school newspaper argued that Henry Grady's name should be removed from the school because they were a white supremacist.
In July 2020, the Atlanta Board of Education formed a committee to consider a new name. On December 15, 2020, the Board officially announced the name change to Midtown High School effective June 1, 2021.
Curriculum and activities
Arts
Knights of Sound
The school has a band, Knights of Sound Band (made of a marching band, a concert/symphonic band, and a jazz band).
Chorus
The school also has a chorus.
School publications
The Unmasking
The Unmasking literary magazine was founded in 1988 as a collection of student art, literature, and criticism edited by Midtown students, published every spring. The magazine was named "Best in Show" by the National Scholastic Press Association twice, in 2005 (Seattle) and 2001 (Boston).
The Southerner
The Southerner is a monthly newspaper written by Midtown students. Part of the High School National Ad Network, it has been published since 1947. The Southerner has won numerous awards, such as the Pacemaker Award and the Quill & Scroll Award, earning the publication nationwide acclaim.
GNN and Gametime
Grady News Now and Gametime were Midtown High School's programs in broadcast journalism, and are also recipients of many awards. GNN won its first Pacemaker in November 2005. Gametime is a weekly show dedicated to the coverage of prevalent sports stories as well as scores and highlights from all scholastic athletic events. It won the GSPA (Georgia Scholastic Press Association) award for the best new breakthrough production.
Nexus
Nexus, written by Midtown students, was a bimonthly magazine. Its success in the 2004–2005 school year was at first limited, with only a handful of editions, as that was its first year and it started late. Its second year (2005–2006) saw great success when Nexus gained the Start-Up achievement award from the Georgia Scholastic Press Association. In the 2008–2009 school year Nexus won "All Southern" from SIPA.
Sports
As of the 2021–22 season.
Key:
Fall sports
Water polo - boys' and girls'; girls 3rd place in state, 2013
Cheerleading (2006 Regional Champions)
Cross-country (boys: 2017 Regional Champions; 2017 APS city champions; 2005 Regional Champions; 2003 2nd at state; 2009 APS city champions, 2010 APS city champions, 2011 APS city champions; 2016 APS city champions, 2018 APS city champions, 2019 APS city champions, 2019 2nd at regionals; 2019 3rd at state; girls: 2017 Regional Champions; 2017 APS City Champions)
Football – varsity and junior varsity (1953 State Champions, 2016 Regional Champions, 2014 Regional Champions, State Football Semi-Finals)
Softball
Volleyball
Winter sports
Swimming - girls 2014 City Champs, boys 2014 City 2nd Place
Basketball – boys' and girls' varsity and JV (2006 Regional Champion Runner-up)
Cheerleading (2006 Regional Champion)
Debate – novice, JV and varsity (see below, under "Speech and Debate")
Riflery – co-ed
Spring sports
Baseball – varsity and JV
Golf
Lacrosse - varsity (boys and girls)
Soccer (boys: 2004, 2005 Regional Champions; girls: first state playoff win ever in 2006, Final Four in 2007) - Grady soccer teams compete in region 5-AAA.
Tennis (varsity boys: 2017,2018, 2019 6AAAAA Region Champions, 2019 AAAAA State Runner-Up)
Track (girls, 1988 State Champions, 2013 Atlanta City Champions; boys, 2000, Team 3rd State Class AA, 2001, Team 3rd State Class AA, 2002 Team Region Runner-up, 2003, Team 3rd State Class AA, 2005, Team Class AA State Runner-up, 2007, State runner-up and nationally ranked 4x100 relay, 2011 Atlanta City Champions, 2012 Atlanta City Champions)
Ultimate frisbee - boys' and girls' varsity and JV (2012, 2017, 2018, 2019 varsity Boys state champions, 2017 Varsity Boys Southeast-Region Champions, 2018 Varsity Boys National Champions)
Clubs and extracurricular activities
21st Century Leaders (Leadership Skill Building and Community Service)
500 Women Scientists
Academic Decathlon
American Sign Language Club
Apiculture (Beekeeping) Club
BETA Club
Black Student Union
Book Club
Chorus
DECA (emerging leaders and entrepreneurs in marketing, finance, hospitality and management)
E Sports
Earth Club
Fashion Club, with an annual fashion show
FBLA (Future Business Leaders of America)
Film Discussion Club
French Club
Future Teachers of America (FTA)
Grady Gay-Straight Alliance
Girls Who Code
Grady Corps (Photography/Social Media)
HOSA (Future Health Professionals)
IGNITE
Jazz Band
Jewish Student Union
JROTC, Citywide JROTC Drill Team Competition: 1st Place – Color Guard Team; 2nd Place – Standard Drill Team, 1st Place Veterans Day Parade
Latin Club
Marching Band
Mock Trial - The team won the State Championship in 2000, 2005, 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2017. The team placed 14, 16, 8, 3, 4, and 3 at the National Championship in 2000, 2005, 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2017 respectively. The team has won the Metro Atlanta Regional competition for 12 years in a row. They also won an International Invitational Competition in New York in October 2010.
March For Our Lives
Model U.N. - numerous individual awards at the Georgia State University competition
Moot Court
MSA (Muslim Students Association)
National Black Society of Engineers
Orchestra
PRISM (a GSA affiliate)
Quiz Bowl (NAQT High School Nationals qualifier)
Robotics Team ("G3 Robotics")
FIRST Robotics Competition:
2005
Rookie All Star Award, Peachtree Regional
Regional Finalist, Peachtree Regional
2011
Finalist, Peachtree Regional
2013
Imagery Award in honor of Jack Kamen, Palmetto Regional
2014
Imagery Award in honor of Jack Kamen, Peachtree Regional
2015
Winner, 2015 Georgia Southern Classic Regional
2016
Chairman's Award, 2016 Columbus District
2017
Winner, 2017 Gainesville District
Winner, 2017 Columbus District
2018
Winner, 2018 Albany District
Winner, 2018 Duluth District
Chairman's Award, 2018 Duluth District
Winner, 2018 Peachtree District District Championship
G3 Drones for Good
VEX - 2005 International Championship 1st place
BEST Robotics Competition - 2006 Regional 2nd place; awards for most elegant design, best shirt design, most photogenic robot, and Founders Award for best conceptual design
MATE ROV Challenge
SenseAbility ATL
SGA (Student Government Association)
Speech and Debate ("Jesters")
Public Forum, Policy Debate, Lincoln Douglas Debate, Extemporaneous Speech, Impromptu, Oratory, Informative, Prose Poetry, Humorous Interpretation, Dramatic Interpretation, and Duo Interpretation
GFCA State Champions: 2009-2021 (all years the sweepstakes award at the tournament has been offered)
Students for Voter Registration
Theatre & Drama
TSA (Technology Student Association
Women in Transportation (STEM)
Demographics of student body
As of October 2021, the school had 1,473 students.
44% were African-American.
42% were Caucasian.
5% were Hispanic.
7% were multiracial.
8% were Asian.
In popular culture
Several rap videos have been shot on campus, including videos by popular artists Dem Franchize Boyz, Freak Nasty, and Outkast. In 2011, the campus hosted MTV's hit show Teen Wolf as it made its television debut. Several movies have been shot on campus, including Remember the Titans, Ride Along, The Duff, Love, Simon, and Spider-Man: Homecoming.
Notable alumni
The following are notable alumni of Boys High (pre-1947), Henry W. Grady High (1947-2021) or Midtown High (2021-present), listed with their graduating class and notable accomplishments:
References
External links
Midtown High School
Atlanta Public Schools high schools
Magnet schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Andreja Nikl (born 5 November 1985) is a Slovenian football defender currently playing for ZNK Pomurje.
International career
Honours
Pomurje
Winner
Slovenian Women's League: 2012–13, 2013–14
Slovenian Women's Cup: 2012–13, 2013–14
Krka
Winner
Slovenian Women's League: 2010–11
External links
1985 births
Living people
Slovenian women's footballers
Slovenia women's international footballers
Women's association football defenders
ŽNK Pomurje players
ŽNK MB Tabor players
ŽNK Krka players
Teigen Jacqueline Allen (born 12 February 1994) is an Australian soccer player who plays for Western Sydney Wanderers in the Australian W-League Australia women's national soccer team. They previously played for W-League teams Sydney FC, Western Sydney Wanderers, and Melbourne Victory as well as the Western New York Flash in the American National Women's Soccer League and Vålerenga in the Norwegian Toppserien.
Early career
Allen began their football career playing for Penrith Nepean United in Western Sydney. After five years with the club their defensive talent was scouted by W-League side Sydney FC where they earned a Scholarship with NSWIS.
NSWIS and AIS
In 2008, Allen earned a scholarship with New South Wales Institute of Sport. They earned their scholarship with The Australian Institute of Sport in 2009 and they still hold it currently.
Club career
Sydney FC, 2009–2012
Allen was 15 years of age when they started playing for the professional Australian W league Sydney Fc
Western Sydney Wanderers, 2013–2014
Allen was one of three players along with Catherine Cannuli and Servet Uzunlar, to become the first women to ever sign multi-year contracts in the W-League.
Western New York Flash, 2014
On 9 June 2014, Allen was acquired by the WNY Flash of the Women's National Soccer League in the United States.
WNY Flash defender Australian International Teigen Allen subbed in, marking their debut in the WNY Flash vs Seattle Reign on 22 June at Sahlen's Stadium. They were waived by the Western New York Flash in September 2014.
Return to Sydney FC, 2014–2016
On 29 August 2014, Allen signed with Sydney FC returning to their original home club, with two others Kyah Simon, Servet Uzunlar where all three will once again line up for the two time premiers after departing the Western Sydney Wanderers.
Melbourne City, 2016–2017
In September 2016, Allen joined Melbourne City. Melbourne City FC have become the first W-League Champions to go back-to-back after defeating Perth Glory 2–0 in the 2017 W-League Grand Final:
Vålerenga, 2017
On 31 December 2016, Vålerenga signed Allen from Melbourne City. The sports director Egil Ødegaard said they will affect the Norwegian top-flight in 2017.
Second return to Sydney FC, 2017–2018.
Allen joined Sydney FC once again ahead of the 2017–18 season.
Melbourne Victory, 2018–2020
Teigen Allen signed with Melbourne Victory for the 2018–19 W-League season. Melbourne Victory is pleased to announce it has signed Teigen Allen for the 2018/19 Westfield W-League season.
Capped 39 times for the Matildas, Allen brings a wealth of both international and W-League experience to Victory.
The signing of the talented full-back completes Jeff Hopkins' squad for the upcoming season.
"Teigen has worked really hard to earn a spot at Victory, their work ethic has been outstanding," Hopkins said.
"She is really experienced for their age and you can never have too much quality at your disposal.
Return to Melbourne City, 2020–2021
In November 2020, Allen returned to Melbourne City.
Return to Western Sydney Wanderers, 2021–
In August 2021, Allen returned to Western Sydney Wanderers for the 2021–22 W-League season.
International career
On 29 January 2008, at 13 years old, Allen played their first international with the Australian under 17's against the USA at North Harbour Stadium, Auckland, New Zealand In 2009, at only 14 years of age, Allen was selected to compete at the AFC Under-19 Women's Championship. The Australians were knocked out after the group stages; however an impressive performance from Allen saw them become one of the key figures in the Australian under-16 team that won the AFC Under-16 Women's Championship later that year The Australians were knocked out after the group stages;
however an impressive performance from Allen saw them become one of the key figures in the Australian under 16's
Allen competed in the 2009 AFC Women's Championship with the Young Matildas. for the 2009 AFF U16 Women's Championship in Myanmar.
In 2010, Allen was named in the Matildas team to play in the 2010 AFC Women's Asian Cup, which the squad went on to win. Allen made their international Senior debut as a 15-year-old in the opening game again Vietnam
At the 2011 FIFA Women's World Cup in Germany, Allen was one of the youngest players in the squad. 2012 saw Allen continue cementing their place in the Matildas squad in their attempt to qualify for the 2012 London Olympics. The Australians finished third in the qualification tournament in Jinan, China, coming from behind to defeat South Korea
In May 2014, Allen competed at the AFC Women's Asian Cup and helped Australia to finish second, thereby qualifying for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. They were reported as "almost unstoppable so far and virtually flawless every minute they play."
Honours
With Awards:
2009: Teigen Allen (Soccer) – Sydney Combined Press Sports person of the Year
2009 Australian AFC Under-16 women's Championship
With Melbourne Victory 2018–19
W League Premiership 2018–19
With Melbourne City FC:
W-League Championship:
With Sydney FC:
W-League Premiership: 2009
W-League Championship: 2009
'''With Australia
AFC Women's Asian Cup Winners: 2010
AFC Under-16 Women's Championship Winners:2009
Country
Australia
AFF U-16 Women's Championship: 2009
2019 Cup of Nations
See also
Women's association football in Australia
References
External links
Australian women's soccer players
Australian Institute of Sport women's soccer players
Living people
Sydney FC (A-League Women) players
1994 births
2011 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Western Sydney Wanderers FC (A-League Women) players
Melbourne Victory FC (A-League Women) players
Melbourne City FC (A-League Women) players
Newcastle Jets FC (A-League Women) players
Australia women's international soccer players
Women's association football defenders
Western New York Flash players
Expatriate women's soccer players in the United States
Australian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Australian expatriate women's soccer players
National Women's Soccer League players
A-League Women players
Vålerenga Fotball Damer players
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
The Australian Labor Party held a leadership election on 16 May 1922, following the death of Frank Tudor. The party elected Matthew Charlton as its new leader.
Background
Tudor died on 10 January 1922, after a long period of ill health. They had been the party's leader since November 1916, following the expulsion of Billy Hughes and their supporters during the split over conscription. Their deputy and assumed successor, T. J. Ryan, had died a few months earlier on 1 August 1921. Matthew Charlton, who had already acted as deputy leader on several occasions, was formally chosen as Ryan's replacement on 29 September. They served as acting leader on a number of occasions when Tudor's health forced their absence.
On 25 January, following Tudor's state funeral, Charlton was chosen unanimously as leader of the Labor Party in the House of Representatives. They thus became Leader of the Opposition. The overall leadership of the party was left vacant until parliament resumed, but Charlton was the de facto party leader. On 16 May, the party formally elected Charlton as its leader. Albert Gardiner, the party's sole senator, was the only other candidate, attracting only 2 votes to Charlton's 22. They were subsequently elected unopposed as the party's deputy leader, while Frank Anstey was chosen as the deputy leader in the House of Representatives. James Scullin was also nominated for the latter post, despite only having recently returned to parliament, but they declined the nomination.
Results
The following table gives the ballot results:
See also
1922 Australian federal election
Other Labor leadership elections following the death of the incumbent:
1945 Australian Labor Party leadership election
1951 Australian Labor Party leadership election
References
Australian Labor Party leadership spills
May 1922 events
1922 elections in Australia
Australian Labor Party leadership election
Brink (norra delen) is a village in Botkyrka Municipality, Stockholm County, southeastern Sweden. According to the 2005 census it had a population of 77 people.
References
Stockholm urban area
Populated places in Botkyrka Municipality
Södermanland
Rhigonematidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Oxyurida.
Genera:
Dudekemia Artigas, 1930
Glomerinema Van Waerebeke, 1985
Obainia Adamson, 1983
Rhigonema Cobb, 1898
References
Nematodes
Oymapınar, Manavgat is a village in the District of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Manavgat District
Masty District () - a district (rajon) in the Grodno Region of Belarus.
The administrative centre is Masty.
Notable residents
Piotra Krecheuski (1879, Dubna village – 1928), Belarusian statesman and president of the Rada of the Belarusian Democratic Republic
References
Districts of Grodno Region
YZ Ceti is a red dwarf star in the constellation Cetus. Although it is relatively close to the Sun at just 12 light years, this star cannot be seen with the naked eye. It is classified as a flare star that undergoes intermittent fluctuations in luminosity. YZ Ceti is about 13 percent the mass of the Sun and 17% of its radius.
This star is unusually close to Tau Ceti, a star of spectral class G8. The two are only about 1.6 light years apart, a little more than a third of the distance from the Sun to the Solar System's nearest neighbor, Proxima Centauri.
Variability
YZ Ceti is a variable star designation: the star shows occasional rapid and brief increases in brightness, sometimes reaching magnitude 12.03, caused by eruptions from the surface. This type of variable star is known as a UV Ceti star after its first member, or more colloquially as a flare star. It also shows small periodic variations in brightness caused by starspots or chromospheric features moving as the star rotates. This class of variable stars are known as BY Draconis variables. The periodic variations allow the rotational period of the star to be measured at 68.3 days, although modelling of its planetary system gives a rotational period for the star of 83 days.
Planetary system
On 10 August 2017 three planets were announced to have been discovered around YZ Ceti and a possible fourth sub-Earth planet candidate, still needing confirmation, with 0.472±0.096 Earth masses at an orbital period of 1.04 days. The orbits of the three confirmed planets were determined to be too close to YZ Ceti to be within the star's habitable zone, with equilibrium temperatures ranging from 347–491 K (74–218 °C; 165–424 °F), 299–423 K (26–150 °C; 79–302 °F), and 260–368 K (−13–95 °C; 8–203 °F) for planets b, c, and d, respectively.
An August 2018 study reexamined the discovery measurements, confirming the orbit of YZ Ceti d, but finding a possibly marginally longer orbital period of YZ Ceti b of 2.02 days rather than 1.97 days, and additionally finding that YZ Ceti c probably orbits in only 0.75 days rather than 3.06 days. If the latter is true, YZ Ceti c would have a mass of only 0.58 Earth masses and a roughly 10% chance of transiting YZ Ceti. However, a 2020 study did not support the latter conclusion, finding the 0.75-day period to be an alias of the true 3.06-day period. It also did not find evidence for the fourth candidate planet.
See also
List of the nearest stars
References
External links
ARICNS
Cetus (constellation)
Local Bubble
M-type main-sequence stars
Flare stars
005643
0054.1
Ceti, YZ
Planetary systems with three confirmed planets
J01123052-1659570
Badisches Volksecho ('Baden People's Echo') was a German language weekly newspaper. It was published from Stuttgart, West Germany between April 1946 and March 1947. Later it was published from Mannheim, Karlsruhe and Stuttgart, West Germany between April, 1947 to August 11, 1956. It was published by the regional organization of the Communist Party of Germany in Württemberg-Baden. Albeit initially planned as an organ for northern Baden, it became distributed in the French occupation zone as well after the banning of the south Baden organ Unser Tag.
On August 12, 1950 publishing of Badisches Volksecho was suspended by the U.S. military authorities for a period of 90 days, for having printed material deemed 'prejudicial to the prestige of the Allied forces'.
As of 1955, the newspaper had a circulation of around 16,000. Badisches Volkecho was banned in 1956.
References
1946 establishments in Germany
1956 disestablishments in West Germany
Communist newspapers
Communist Party of Germany
Defunct newspapers published in Germany
Defunct weekly newspapers
German-language communist newspapers
Mass media in Mannheim
Mass media in Stuttgart
Newspapers published in Germany
Publications established in 1946
Publications disestablished in 1956
Atmosphere-breathing electric propulsion, or air-breathing electric propulsion, shortly ABEP, is a propulsion technology for spacecraft, which could allow thrust generation in low orbits without the need of on-board propellant, by using residual gases in the atmosphere as propellant. Atmosphere-breathing electric propulsion could make a new class of long-lived, low-orbiting missions feasible.
The concept is currently being investigated by the European Space Agency (ESA) and the EU-funded DISCOVERER project. Current state-of-the-art conventional electric thrusters cannot maintain flight at low altitudes for any times longer than about 2 years, because of the limitation in propellant storage and in the amount of thrust generated, which force the spacecraft's orbit to decay. The ESA officially announced the first successful RAM-EP prototype on-ground demonstration in March 2018.
Principle of operation
An ABEP is composed by an intake and an electric thruster: rarefied gases which are responsible for drag in low Earth orbit (LEO) and low and very low Earth orbit (VLEO), are used as the propellant. This technology would ideally allow S/Cs to orbit at very low altitudes (< 400 km around the Earth) without the need of on-board propellant, allowing longer time missions in a new section of atmosphere's altitudes. This advantage makes the technology of interest for scientific missions, military and civil surveillance services as well as low orbit even lower latecy communication services than Starlink (or skynet)
A special intake will be used to collect the gas molecules and direct them to the thruster. The molecules will then be ionized by the thruster and expelled from the acceleration stage at a very high velocity, generating thrust. The electric power needed can be provided by the same power subsystems developed for the actual electric propulsion systems, likely a combination of solar arrays and batteries, though other kind of electric power subsystems can be considered. An ABEP could extend the lifetime of satellites in LEO and VLEO by compensating the atmospheric drag during their time of operation. The altitude for an Earth-orbiting ABEP can be optimised between 120-250 km. This technology could also be utilized on any planet with atmosphere, if the thruster can process other propellants, and if the power source can provide the required power, e.g. sufficient solar irradiation for the solar panels, such as Mars and Venus, otherwise other electric power subsystems such as a space nuclear reactor or radioisotope thermoelectric generator (RTG) have to be implemented, for example for a mission around Titan.
Concepts and testing
ESA's RAM-EP, designed and developed by SITAEL in Italy, was first tested in laboratory in May 2017.
The Institute of Space Systems at the University of Stuttgart is developing the intake and the thruster, the latter is the RF helicon-based Plasma Thruster (IPT) , which has been ignited for the first time in March 2020, see IRS Uni Stuttgart Press Release. Such a device has the main advantage of no components in direct contact with the plasma, this minimizes the performance degradation over time due to erosion from aggressive propellants, such as atomic oxygen in VLEO, and does not require a neutralizer. Intake and thruster are developed within the DISCOVERER EU H2020 Project.
Intakes have been designed in multiple studies, and are based on free molecular flow condition and on gas-surface interaction models: based on specular reflections properties of the intake materials, high efficiencies can theoretically be achieved by using telescope-like designs. With fully diffuse reflection properties, efficiencies are generally lower, but with a trapping mechanism the pressure distribution in front of the thruster can be enhanced as well.
Busek Co. Inc. in the U.S. patented their concept of an Air Breathing Hall Effect Thruster (ABHET) in 2004, and with funding from the NASA Institute for Advanced Concepts, started in 2011 a feasibility study that would be applied to Mars (Mars-ABHET or MABHET), where the system would breath and ionize atmospheric carbon dioxide. The MABHET concept is based on the same general principles as JAXA's Air Breathing Ion Engine (ABIE) or ESA's RAM-EP.
See also
Ion-propelled aircraft
References
Ion engines
Samuel of Évreux was a French tosafist of the thirteenth century, the younger brother and student of Moses of Évreux, author of the tosafot of Évreux.  They are identified by Gross with Samuel ben Shneor (not ben Yom-Ṭov, as given by Zunz in Z. G. p. 38), whose explanations of Nazir are cited by Solomon ben Aderet, and whose authority is invoked by Jonah Gerondi.
Samuel directed a rabbinical school at Château-Thierry, and had for disciples R. Ḥayyim (brother of Asher ben Jehiel of Toledo), R. Perez, and R. Isaac of Corbeil. They carried on a correspondence on scientific subjects (and shared R. Perez as a student) with Jehiel of Paris and with Nathaniel the Elder. Samuel's Talmudic interpretations are often quoted in the Tosafot. From the fact that the author of the tosafot to Soṭah mentions there the name of Moses of Évreux as being their brother, it is inferred that these tosafot were written by Samuel.
Jewish Encyclopedia bibliography
Michael, Or ha-Ḥayyim, p. 593, No. 1202;
Gross, Gallia Judaica, p. 258.
References
French Tosafists
13th-century French rabbis
he:תוספות איוורא#רבי שמואל בן רבי שניאור
Osama Afifi has been a professional bassist since 1983. They have recorded and performed live with many artists such as U.S. and Canadian tours with Yanni during the "Reflections of Passion", "Revolution in Sound", and "Dare to Dream" concert tours; a European and Canadian tour with French artist Vanessa Paradis; and a TV show on VH1 called Storytellers with The Doors. They worked with jazz vocalists Kurt Elling and Nnenna Freelon, The 5th Dimension, The Cadillacs, jazz saxophonist Gary Herbig, singer Debby Boone, keyboardist Kei Akagi, Doors drummer John Densmore, Brazilian style guitar duo Hugo Jojo, and jazz trumpeter Tony Guerrero.
For several years they have been the bassist for the B Sharp Jazz Quartet. The Quartet toured extensively throughout the United States and Europe. They performed at the North Sea, Istanbul, Nice, Brecon, and Monterey Jazz Festivals, to name a few. Afifi ventured into composition, co-writing the song "Nami" for the album Searching for the One. KLON, a Los Angeles jazz radio station, chose "Nami" to be on a compilation album.
Their education includes studies at the Dick Grove School of Music. They also studied with Jeff Berlin and Gary Willis.
External links
B Sharp Jazz Quartet at Mamajazz.org
B Sharp Jazz Quartet at Variety.com
Osama Afifi at MySpace
Interview of Osama Afifi in Bass Musician Magazine
American jazz bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American people of Egyptian descent
American male jazz musicians
is a station on the Tama Toshi Monorail Line in Tachikawa, Tokyo, Japan.
Lines
Sunagawa-Nanaban Station is a station on the Tama Toshi Monorail Line and is located 2.5 kilometers from the terminus of the line at Kamikitadai Station.
Station layout
Sunagawa-Nanaban Station is a raised station with two tracks and two opposed side platforms, with the station building located underneath. It is a standardized station building for this monorail line.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
The station opened on November 27, 1998.
Surrounding area
The station is above Tokyo Metropolitan Route 43 (Imokubo Kaidō) at its intersection with Tokyo Metropolitan Route 7 (Itsukaichi Kaidō). The surrounding area is an older residential area, but apartment buildings and shops have begun appearing since the opening of the station. Other points of interest include:
Tachikawa City Library, Saiwai Branch
Kobushi Kaikan
Tachikawa Kominkaen
References
External links
Tama Monorail Sunagawa-Nanaban Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1998
Railway stations in Tokyo
Tama Toshi Monorail
Tachikawa, Tokyo
Flushed is an Australian children's game show, that is produced in Australia by SLR Productions and aired for two seasons from 16 March 2015 to 5 August 2016 on 7two. Starting with the third season on 3 July 2017, the show moved to Seven Networks. The host for the first season was Shae Brewster; they were replaced by Candice Dixon starting with the second season.
References
7two original programming
Seven Network original programming
Australian children's television series
Australian children's game shows
2015 Australian television series debuts
2017 Australian television series endings
2010s Australian game shows
David Baramidze (, Davit' Baramidze; born September 27, 1988) is a German chess Grandmaster.
Baramidze was born in Tbilisi, Georgia. They obtained the title of Grandmaster in 2004, which made them the youngest German Grandmaster ever. In this year, they also finished 2nd in the World Youth Championships.  They are currently ranked 10th in Germany (Elo rating 2601, October 2021). They represented Germany in the 2008 Chess Olympiad in Dresden.
References
External links
German chess players
Chess players from Georgia (country)
Chess grandmasters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Georgian emigrants to Germany
Sportspeople from Tbilisi
1988 births
Living people
Kristopher Reisz (born February 7, 1979) is an American author known for their young adult novels.
Early life
Reisz grew up in Decatur, Alabama. They became interested in writing during high school. In college, they reported for the student newspaper and edited the literary magazine, later recalling, "I set out to learn anything anyone could possibly teach me about being a writer." Reisz worked as a paramedic and in a psychiatric hospital.
Work
Reisz published the short story "Special" in Cthulhu Sex Magazine in 2004, then their first novel Tripping to Somewhere in 2006. Their second novel, Unleashed appeared in 2008, followed by the short story "Quiet Haunts" in Drops of Crimson online in 2009.
In 2008 Reisz wrote in their blog that a new novel, The Drowned Forest, was in progress; in February 2010, they wrote that it was completed.
In 2010, Reisz published an illustrated free e-book Quiet Haunts and Other Stories, including their two previously published (and two unpublished) short stories.
Reception
Reisz's writing has received recognition twice. In 2007, the New York Public Library chose Tripping to Somewhere as one of their "Books for the Teen Age." Their second novel, Unleashed, was recognized by the Young Adult Library Services Association in its 2009 list of "Quick Picks for Reluctant Young Adult Readers."
Tripping to Somewhere received positive reviews. The Trades ' R.J. Carter gave a "B+" score, describing it as "heavy with teenage angst and nihilism, and lack[ing] any likeable heroes," and "a drug-filled idyll that blends Hunter S. Thompson with the works of comic book horror masters Alan Moore and Neil Gaiman", where "elements of the Norse Odin and Greek Orpheus also become evident as our two fugitives tumble pell-mell to the story's ultimate conclusion." Kimberley Pauley, writing for Young Adult Central, "really liked" the "unique" story, and recommended it for older young adult readers, noting that the "very intense," "gritty" fantasy and characters "stay with you."
Bibliography
Tripping to Somewhere (2006) Simon Pulse
Unleashed (2008) Simon & Schuster,
Quiet Haunts and Other Stories (2010)
References
External links
Official website
Reisz's page at Simon & Schuster
Interview from Teens Read Too
1979 births
21st-century American novelists
American children's writers
American fantasy writers
American male novelists
Living people
People from Decatur, Alabama
Novelists from Alabama
American male short story writers
21st-century American short story writers
21st-century American male writers
Mohamed Ahmed is a Danish singer of Somali descent who is signed to Universal Music Denmark. They have released an EP titled Byen sover aldrig and has collaborated with a number of other Danish artists, notably Danish singer Medina.
Discography
Albums
EPs
Singles
Featured in
References
21st-century Danish male singers
Living people
21st-century Somalian male singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Vijay Narain Seth (10 March 1944 – 26 June 2014), pen name Vins, was an Indian cartoonist and illustrator.
Career
Vins graduated from the Sir J. J. School of Fine Arts, Mumbai, in 1968. While still a student, they went across to the Times of India from Sir J. J. School of ArArt all most next door to meet and watch cartoonist Mario Miranda (whom they considered a mentor) at work. They also started freelancing as a cartoonist for Caravan and Himmat magazines while a student.
They were a political cartoonist for the news magazine Himmat weekly from 1965 to 1981, contributing the pocket cartoon Chalta Hai weekly, and from 1969 adding two other cartoons with national and international comment. Later they started to freelance, doing cartoons on other themes such as science, computers, business, and social issues. They were the first Indian contributing cartoonist for the Indian edition of Reader's Digest in 1976 when Rahul Singh was its chief editor. Subsequently, they were a freelance cartoonist for the business magazines Business India and Business World and the Indian Express group's business publications. They also contributed to publications such as Science Today, a Times of India publication (1971–1984) and the Swiss satirical weekly Nebelspalter.
From 1978–1982, they were requested to contribute cartoons to a fortnightly, Treffpunkt, (editor Heidi Rudolf, published in Zurich, Switzerland 1978–1987). Their work appears in The Penguin Book of Indian cartoons (1988). Their cartoons have been exhibited in Hungary, Belgium, France, Portugal, Israel, Korea, and Japan (1998). 21 of their satirical cartoons are now part of the online cartoon museum of Aydin Dogan Wakfi in Istanbul, Turkey.
Travels
Vins travelled extensively in Europe and met several internationally renowned graphic artists - such as the French cartoonist Andre Francois - whom they counted as influences. They have participated in many international cartoon festivals and exhibited in Europe in the 1990s.
Collections
Their cartoons have been made part of the permanent collection at the International Cartoon Museum and the Karikatur & Cartoon Museum, Basel in Switzerland.
Awards
FECO Edinburgh International Cartoon Festival - 5th prize winner in 1990
Swiss Coalition of Development Organizations, Berne, Switzerland - the first prize winner at the international cartoon in 1996
Taejon International Cartoon Institute, Taejon City, Korea competition - they were the fifth prize winner in 1997
Bibliography
Vins (Vijay N. Seth), Chalta Hai. Bombay: Miss Kalpana Sharma on behalf of Himmat Publications Trust, 1973.
References
1944 births
2014 deaths
Indian cartoonists
Indian illustrators
Jessica Palmer is a New Zealand academic lawyer, as of 2019 is a full professor and dean of law at the University of Otago.
Academic career
After an undergraduate degree at the University of Auckland Palmer completed LLM's at the University of Cambridge and the University of Auckland, before rising to professor and dean of law at the University of Otago, replacing Mark Henaghan.
Awards
In 2004, Palmer received the Ethel Benjamin Prize.
Selected works
Law and Policy in Modern Family Finance: Property Division in the 21st Century
Civil Remedies in New Zealand – 2nd edition
References
Living people
1980 births
New Zealand women academics
21st-century New Zealand lawyers
New Zealand women lawyers
University of Auckland alumni
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
University of Otago faculty
Maggie Pogue Johnson (1883-1956) was a twentieth century Black American composer and poet. Johnson wrote verse in both standard English and in the dialect and speech patterns of Black Americans at the time, which still retained the influence of their speech from when they were enslaved.
Biography
Johnson was born in Fincastle, Virginia, and educated in the Virginia Normal and Industrial Institute in Petersburg, Virginia. I parents, Lucie Jane Banister Pogue and Rev. Samuel Pogue made sure their children are literate and well-educated, considering the fields that they and their siblings ended up in, such as teaching, physics, pharmacy, and ministerial work. Johnson taught for two years and was also the president of the Literary and Debating Society in Covington, Virginia. They were the composer of "I Know That I Love You" and other songs, as well as the author of Virginia Dreams. Them poem The Story of Lovers Leap was inspired by a famous resort in the South, Greenbrier White Sulpher Springs in West Virginia. Johnson's early poetry was part of a larger movement by Black women poets to create a model of womanhood that was an alternative to the dominant model of "True Womanhood" as a white, middle-class experience. Examples of their alternative model of womanhood can be seen in Old Maid's Soliloquy and Meal Time from Virginia Dreams. Them poem Poet of Our Race is dedicated to the late poet Paul Laurence Dunbar.
They married Doctor Walter W. Staunton of Virginia in 1904 with whom they had one child - Walter W. Jr. and Dr. J.W. Shellcroft of West Virginia in 1938.
Publications
Virginia Dreams: Lyrics for an Idle Hour. Tales of the Time Told in Rhyme, publisher not identified, 1910.
Thoughts for Idle Hours, Stone Printing & Manufacturing Company, 1915.
Fallen Blossoms, Scholl Printing, 1951.
Childhood Hours with Songs for Little Tots, publisher not identified, 1952.
Gendered Dialect
Johnson aimed at confronting gender restrictions in their work despite its critical consequences on black female writers. Dialect poetry was mainly a male-attributed art and their use of it endangered their femininity, since black women were already thought to be uneducated and less feminine. Therefore the use of a language that does not abide by white standardized eloquence and correctness was considered risky and threatening. Johnson emphasizes this in their alternation between standard and dialect language in many of their poems. Doing so, they showcase how conditional it was for women of color to learn and use conventional language in order to be accepted in society. Moreover, in much of their poetry, both their male and female subjects serve as exemplars of educational development and moral strength, and as such support the idea of racial uplift.
References
1883 births
1956 deaths
American women poets
20th-century American poets
20th-century American women writers
African-American poets
20th-century African-American women
20th-century African-American writers
African-American women writers
Quartzburg is a former settlement in Kern County, California. It was located north of the original site of Kernville, now inundated by Isabella Lake, except at low water. In 1873, Quartzburg was founded as a mining camp after gold production increased nearby.
Quartzburg was originally named Rogersville, and renamed due to the large amount of quartz in the area surrounding the town. Quartzville was a town based on temperance, causing saloon owner Adam Hamilton to move their saloon to Kernville, the rival town of Quartzburg since both towns shared the Big Blue Mine, which employed 200 people. In 1883, the mine burned down and activity in the mine was minimal until it finally ceased in 1907. Today, the former site of Quartzburg is submerged by Lake Isabella, although the cemetery still remains.
References
Former settlements in Kern County, California
Former populated places in California
Populated places established in 1873
Basaloid squamous cell carcinoma (Bas-SqCC) is an uncommon histological variant of lung cancer composed of cells exhibiting cytological and tissue architectural features of both squamous cell lung carcinoma and basal cell carcinoma.
Classification
Lung cancer is a large and exceptionally heterogeneous family of malignancies. Over 50 different histological variants of lung cancer are explicitly recognized within the fourth (2004) revision of the World Health Organization Classification of Lung Tumours ("WHO-2004"). Many of these entities are quite rare, have only been recently described, and remain poorly understood.
Basaloid forms of lung carcinoma were first described in the peer-reviewed medical literature by Dr. Elisabeth Brambilla and their colleagues in 1992.
In the third revision of the World Health Organization lung tumor typing and classification scheme, published in 1999, basaloid variants of both squamous cell lung carcinoma (SqCC) and large cell lung carcinoma (LCLC) were recognized as distinct entities. In the fourth revision (2004) of the WHO system (currently the world standard) Bas-SqCC is classified as one of four recognized variants of squamous cell lung carcinoma. As a variant of SqCC, it is considered a non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
Pathogenesis
Both basaloid and squamous cell carcinomas have been shown to arise from pre-malignant lesions of dysplasia in the airways of the lung. After continued exposure to tobacco smoke or other carcinogenic stimuli, cells in areas of severe dysplasia can suffer additional genetic damage that results in progression to a basaloid or squamous cell carcinoma in situ (CIS). CIS is a fully malignant lesion, but by definition, the cancer cells have not yet invaded beyond the tissue delimiting their original site of genesis.
Diagnosis
Like other forms of lung cancer, Bas-SqCC is ultimately diagnosed after a pathologist examines a tumor sample containing viable malignant cells and tissue under a light microscope and identifies certain particular characteristics.
In the case of Bas-SqCC, it is essential that both evidence of squamous differentiation (i.e., intercellular bridges, production of keratin, tonofilament bundles) and basaloid architecture (i.e. prominent peripheral palisading of cell nuclei, organoid/lobular structures) are identified to make a correct diagnosis.
Immunohistochemical markers that have been suggested to be useful in making an accurate diagnosis of Bas-SqCC include positivity for p63 and high molecular weight keratin (i.e. 34betaE12), and lack of expression of thyroid transcription factor-1 (TTF-1).
Among other pulmonary malignancies, the main differential diagnoses in suspected cases of Bas-SqCC include the high-grade neuroendocrine carcinomas, such as small cell carcinoma and large cell neuroendocrine carcinoma. The issue of differential diagnosis is particularly acute when the pathologist must use a small biopsy specimen or cytology. In addition, the basaloid variant of SqCC can be difficult to distinguish from other poorly differentiated squamous cell carcinomas.
Treatment
For last several decades of the 20th century, all histological variants of NSCLC were generally treated identically. In the last decade, it has become apparent that different variants of malignant tumors generally exhibit diverse genetic, biological, and clinical properties, including response to treatment.
As patients with uncommon lung tumor variants, including tumors composed of mixtures of histological subtypes, tend to be excluded from clinical trials, the most efficacious treatment regimen(s) for basaloid squamous cell carcinoma remain unknown. In general, these variants appear to be treated according to standard protocols in place for squamous cell carcinoma.
Prognosis
Like nearly all other forms of NSCLC, the prognosis of basaloid squamous cell carcinoma is quite poor.
Although case numbers tend to be rather small, and the published studies statistically underpowered, much (but not all) evidence suggests that basaloid squamous cell lung carcinomas may have a somewhat worse prognosis than "conventional" (i.e. non-basaloid) squamous cell lung carcinomas. As survival has been noted to be worse in basaloid variants at earlier tumor stages (i.e. Stages I and II), the decreased survival could be attributable to earlier distant metastasis appearing during the natural history of these tumors, as compared to other squamous cell carcinomas and NSCLCs in general.
Epidemiology
The true incidence and prevalence of basaloid squamous cell lung carcinoma remains unknown, but this form of lung cancer is considered relatively uncommon. In one of the largest studies of this particular variant, Moro-Sibilot and co-workers found a 6.3% prevalence of Bas-SqCC among 1,418 consecutive NSCLC patients at their institution.
Basaloid carcinomas of the lung - like nearly all recognized variants of lung cancer - are highly associated with tobacco smoking. Basaloid architecture in pulmonary carcinomas has been shown to be particularly prevalent in smokers with heavy exposure, and squamous cell carcinoma has the strongest association with tobacco exposure than any other major cell type of NSCLC.
As compared to other forms of lung cancer, Bas-SqCC often occurs in those who are somewhat older than average. As SqCC is also associated with presentation at somewhat older ages, the true relevance/effect size of the basaloid-age interaction remains unknown.
Basaloid squamous cell carcinoma usually begins centrally, in the larger proximal bronchi. Basaloid carcinoma primary in the lung may also occur in a multicentric form.
References
External links
Lung Cancer Home Page. The National Cancer Institute site containing further reading and resources about lung cancer.
. World Health Organization Histological Classification of Lung and Pleural Tumours. 4th Edition.
Lung cancer
UTC Power was a fuel cell company based in South Windsor, Connecticut. It was part of United Technologies Corporation; it was purchased by ClearEdge Power in February 2013. The company specialized in fuel cells for buildings, buses and automobiles. It has also developed fuel cells for space and submarine applications in the past.
History
UTC Power began as a division of Pratt & Whitney in 1958. In 1966, the company supplied fuel cells to NASA for the Apollo project space missions, to supply electric power and drinking water for the astronauts on board and, later, for the Space Shuttle missions until 2010. In 1985, the company became a wholly owned subsidiary of UTC under the name International Fuel Cells. It was later renamed UTC Fuel Cells, and became UTC Power in 2001.
In the early 1990s, UTC Power commercialized a large, stationary fuel cell for use as a cogeneration power plant. The company has expanded into the broader fuel cell industry over the last 10 years, developing fuel cells for automobiles and buses.
In February 2013, UTC Power was sold to ClearEdge Power.
Fuel cells for buildings
UTC Power's stationary phosphoric acid fuel cell product is the PureCell Model 400 System. This stationary fuel cell system provides 400 kilowatts of electricity and 1.7 million Btu/hour of heat. The PureCell System is considered a good match for combined heat and power applications including supermarkets, hospitals, hotels and educational institutions. The UTC Power fuel cell system uses natural gas which is converted in a "catalytic reformer" into hydrogen, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and water. The hydrogen is used to run the four fuel cell stacks to produce electricity and the power plant then converts the exhaust heat into cooling and heating, turning potential waste into usable energy. The product has a 10-year cell stack durability and 20-year product life.
UTC Power has designed, manufactured and installed more than 300 stationary fuel cells in 19 countries on six continents. The fleet has exceeded 9.4 million hours of field operation and has generated more than 1.6 billion kWh of energy, enough to power nearly 140,000 homes for an entire year. PureCell Systems are operating at Whole Foods Markets in California, Connecticut, Massachusetts; Price Chopper stores in New York, a Coca-Cola Refreshments bottling facility in New York and another in Connecticut, a powerplant in South Korea, and at other sites around the world.
Fuel cells for buses
The PureMotion Model 120 System was UTC Power's zero-emission proton exchange membrane (PEM) fuel cell for transit buses. UTC Power's PureMotion Model 120 system is powering a fleet of transit buses in Connecticut and California.
On Friday, March 16, 2012, UTC Power participated in an event hosted by Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) to highlight U.S. Senate passage of federal surface transportation legislation. The event was held at CT Transit facilities in Hartford and included representatives from the Connecticut Department of Transportation. On Tuesday, the U.S. Senate passed a two-year reauthorization of federal highway, transit and safety programs to fund highway and transit improvements nationwide. The legislation included a Clean Fuels Grant Program to prioritize funding for transit agencies to purchase zero emission passenger buses.
Fuel cells for automobiles
UTC Power developed and manufactured PEM fuel cells for automobiles. The company worked with BMW, Hyundai and Nissan as well as the U.S. Department of Energy on development and demonstration programs.
Energy Security
The UTC Power Control Center monitored the global fleet of PureCell systems 24/7 and often detected potential problems before they could impact successful operation of the system, ensuring maximum uptime for customers. Each PureCell included an internet-based communication system, called the Remote Monitoring System (RMS). The RMS provided the Control Center with remote access to fuel cell operating data and allowed limited control, including start-up, power output kW set point and shut-down commands. The fuel cell could independently “call out” to alert technicians of out-of-limit parameters, status, and need for maintenance. The RMS also supplied the system owner with website access to view the fuel cell's operating status.
References
External links
ClearCell Power Official Site
United Technologies
Companies based in Hartford County, Connecticut
Fuel cell manufacturers
South Windsor, Connecticut
The Haikou-Ledong Expressway (), commonly referred to as the Haile Expressway (), is located in Haikou, Hainan, China. Until 2022, the route ran further to Sanya, but due to difficulty in land acquisition south of Ledong, the route was shortened to Ledong.
Segmentation Introduction
Haitun section (Haikou-Tunchang): 72.03 kilometers in length, started in 2010, and officially opened to traffic on 29 December 2012.
Tunqiong Section (Tunchang-Qiongzhong): A total length of 46.85 kilometers, which started on May 31, 2012, and was officially opened to traffic on May 30, 2015.
Qiongle section (Qiongzhong-Wuzhishan-Ledong): 127.329 kilometers in length, opened to traffic on September 28, 2018.
References
Chinese national-level expressways
Expressways in Hainan
Transport in Hainan
Fellowship of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (FAAAS) is an honor accorded by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) to distinguished persons who are members of the Association. Fellows are elected annually by the AAAS Council for "efforts on behalf of the advancement of science or its applications [which] are scientifically or socially distinguished".
Examples of areas in which nominees may have made significant contributions are research; teaching; technology; services to
professional societies; administration in academe, industry, and government; and communicating and interpreting science to the public. The association has awarded fellowships since 1874. AAAS publishes annual update of active Fellows list, which also provides email address to verify status of non-active Fellows. See also :Category:Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science for more examples.
AAAS Fellows
AAAS Fellows include Nobel Prize winners
Michael W. Young and Michael Rosbash, ACM Turing Award winner David Patterson, IEEE Medal of Honor winner Irwin M. Jacobs, and American Physical Society Fellow Natalie Roe. Maria Elena Zavala, who is a recipient of the Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics, and Engineering Mentoring, is also a Fellow.
Revocation for harassment
Starting 15 October 2018, the status of a Fellow can be revoked "in cases of proven scientific misconduct, serious breaches of professional ethics, or when the Fellow in the view of the AAAS otherwise no longer merits the status of Fellow". This is to limit the effects and tolerance of sexual harassment, which Margaret Hamburg, the president of the AAAS said "has no place in science".
This ruling has allowed AAAS to sanction Francisco Ayala, formerly of University of California, Irvine; Thomas Jessell, formerly of Columbia University; Lawrence Krauss, of Arizona State University, Tempe; and Inder Verma, formerly of the Salk Institute for Biological Studies in San Diego, California.
References
Science and technology awards
American awards
American Association for the Advancement of Science
American Association for the Advancement of Science
Sophie Ormond (born 4 August 1979) is a British former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
British female alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Great Britain
Alpine skiers at the 1998 Winter Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Bagra Peak (, ) is the peak rising to 1990 m in the north part of Petvar Heights, southeast Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, and overlooking Kornicker Glacier to the northwest, Razboyna Glacier to the northeast, and Drama Glacier to the east.
The peak is named after the settlement of Bagra in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Bagra Peak is located at , which is 3.52 km northeast of Mount Landolt, 14.35 km south of Mount Benson, 8.41 km west of Long Peak and 7.12 km north of Miller Peak. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
Notes
References
Bagra Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Bagra Peak. Copernix satellite image
Ellsworth Mountains
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Troisdorf () is a city in the Rhein-Sieg-Kreis (district), in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.
Geography
Troisdorf is located approximately 22 kilometers south of Cologne and 13 kilometers north east of Bonn.
Division of the city
Troisdorf consists of 12 districts (population as of April, 2014):
Troisdorf-Mitte (16,414 inhabitants)
Altenrath (2,292 inhabitants)
Bergheim (5,750 inhabitants)
Eschmar (3,078 inhabitants)
Friedrich-Wilhelms-Hütte (7,161 inhabitants)
Kriegsdorf (3,129 inhabitants)
Müllekoven (1,793 inhabitants)
Oberlar (6,100 inhabitants)
Rotter See (3,918 inhabitants)
Sieglar (8,668 inhabitants)
Spich (12,765 inhabitants)
West (5,367 inhabitants)
Total: 76,435 inhabitants
History
Troisdorf became a free city in 1952. In 1969, the urban area expanded with the annexation of the township of Sieglar and the villages of Altenrath and Friedrich-Wilhelms-Hütte (total population in 1969: about 51,000). The first large settlements in this area go back to the 9th and 10th century (Eschmar and Sieglar 832, Bergheim 987). The first churches in this area were built around 700 AD in Bergheim (St. Lambertus).
Troisdorf is home to about 9,600 foreign nationals. The two most numerous foreign national groups are Turks (3,100) and Greeks (1,600). On June 4, 1972, Troisdorf founded the first advisory council for foreign citizens in Germany. In the years following the Peaceful Revolution and German reunification of 1989/1990 many migrants from Russia and other East European countries settled in Troisdorf.
Demographics
In April 2014, Troisdorf had a population of 76,435 according to official records. 11% of the population were foreign migrants.
Troisdorf has a predominantly Christian population: Roman Catholics, Protestants, Baptists, Jehovah's Witnesses and other Christian denominations, along with Muslim, Orthodox Christian and Jewish populations of non-indigenous origin. Troisdorf is one of the German cities whose mosque includes a minaret; it was built for the local Islamic community.
Mayors
1969–1975: Josef Ludwig (CDU)
1975–1993: Hans Jaax (SPD)
1993–1998: Uwe Göllner (SPD)
1998–1999: Walter Bieber (SPD)
1999–2009: Manfred Uedelhoven (CDU)
2009-2020: Klaus-Werner Jablonski (CDU)
2020–incumbent: Alexander Biber (CDU)
Notable places
Europe's only picture-book museum is located in Troisdorf at the Wissem Castle.
Twin towns – sister cities
Troisdorf is twinned with:
Évry-Courcouronnes, France (1972)
Genk, Belgium (1990)
Heidenau, Germany (1990)
Redcar and Cleveland, United Kingdom (1990)
Corfu, Greece (1996)
Nantong, China (1997)
Özdere, Turkey (2004)
Notable people
John Siberch (c. 1476–1554), pioneering printer and friend of Erasmus
Walter Stern (1896–1970), art critic and broadcaster
Paul Schäfer (1921–2010), cult leader, founder of Colonia Dignidad
Rupert Neudeck (1939–2016), humanitarian worker, founder of the Cap Anamur
Tom Buhrow (born 1958), news anchor
Sebastian Pufpaff (born 1976), comedian
Lena Schöneborn (born 1986), pentathlonist, Olympic champion
Sabine Lisicki (born 1989), tennis player
Mitchell Weiser (born 1994), footballer
Fabian Schiller (born 1997), racing driver
References
External links
Parkia pendula is a species of neotropical evergreen tree found throughout Central and South America. It is part of the Parkia genus, a group of flowering plants that are part of the legume family, Fabaceae.
Habitat
Parkia pendula can be found in primary and secondary forests, from altitudes of 20 to 500 meters above sea level. It prefers well-drained, subtropical environments, ideally thriving on hills or slopes with a 30% incline that experience more than 4000 mm of precipitation annually. They commonly grow alongside Peltogyne purpurea, Caryocar costaricense, and Qualea paraensis.
An adult tree is very flood tolerant, capable of withstanding long-term submersion. Despite this, early seedlings can only survive a few weeks in flooded conditions, limiting the range of environments Parkia pendula can thrive in.
Range & distribution
Parkia pendula can be found in a variety of countries, mainly Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, French Guiana, Guyana, Honduras, Nicaragua, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. It grows in many lowland forests, with a large reserve found in a national park in Espirito Santo, Brazil
Threats
Insects, specifically certain species of beetles, deposit eggs inside the bud of Parkia pendula, acting as a parasite on the seeds
. Despite this, there is no considerable impact on the persistence of the species and the IUCN lists it as a species of The Least Concern.
Description
Parkia pendula trees range from 15 to 50 meters in height and can be up to 1.2 meters in diameter. The bark is either whitish-grey or reddish-brown and plated, with many lenticels. The strong, fruity aroma of a blooming Parkia pendula can be attributed to monoterpenes in the flower, specifically the stereoisomers (Z) 𝛽-ocimene and (E) 𝛽-ocimene.
Unlike other Parkia species, Parkia pendula has a flattened and layered crown of leaves. The horizontal branches support alternating bipinnate leaves that come in about 15 to 27 pairs, narrowing to a maximum of 3 leaves whorled about a node. The leaves themselves are dark green and oblong, with curved distal ends.
Flowers
The flowers produced by Parkia pendula grow as inflorescences, particularly pseudanthiums. They have yellowish-pink petals arranged radially. The heads are about to 3.4 cm in length and have a diameter of 4.5 to 4.9 cm. Each pseudanthium contains ~1300 small flowers densely packed around a spherical receptacle. The flowers themselves hang off of thin, woody stems known as peduncles approximately one meter below the crown of the tree. Flowers typically bloom from December to January in Costa Rica, and from January to August in Venezuela.
Fertile flowers have a gamosepalous calyx beneath their corolla and display five distinctive lobes. Each fertile flower has ten androgynous stamens evenly joined at their base, with a single style and several minuscule stigmas. Though typically hermaphroditic and containing a single ovary, some flowers are functionally male and lack both ovaries and styles.
Some flowers can produce nectar in large quantities that adheres to the styles. Nectariferous flowers open less fully, despite having a larger diameter than fertile flowers. Nectar is typically produced at dusk after blooming and contains sugar (mainly fructose) concentrations of 20%. The nectar produced contains 14 amino acids, though by quantity proline constitutes 85%,.
Fruit
The fruit/seed pods of Parkia pendula are considered legumes. They are 8 to 30 cm long and 1.9 to 3.2 cm wide. Only a few flowers ever fertilize and develop into seed pods.
Seed pods have a variety of exteriors, whether they are shiny, smooth, dull, hairy, sticky, or some combination of those. The fruit pods are also colorful, ranging from olive or deep greens to reddish brown hues.
Parkia pendula typically fruits in February and July in Costa Rica, from January to November in Venezuela, and in May in Bolivia. Locals are known to harvest the fruits, typically picking them from trees throughout March and April. The collected fruit pods are left outside until they burst and the seeds can be scooped out.
Seeds
The pods of Parkia pendula contain anywhere from 15 to 34 seeds. They have an elliptical shape and are 0.9 to 1 cm in length and 0.4 to 0.5 cm in width. Seeds weigh between 0.06 and 0.11 grams and there are said to be 9848 to 10100 seeds per kilogram of fruit pods.
The seed pod gum of Parkia pendula is extremely sticky due to a high concentration of sugars such as galactose and arabinose. In fact, there are recorded instances of small vertebrates getting caught in the gum and being fatally trapped due to their exposure to the elements and potential predators.
Seeds typically germinate 6 to 19 days after sowing, and anywhere from 36% to 58.5% of seeds actually germinate. Experiments conducted in Brazil showed that by cutting opposite the radicle emergence, scarring the seeds with an abrasive stone, or immersing in sulfuric acid for less than 30 minutes, germination rates would increase.
Reproduction
The Parkia pendula tree exhibits mass flowering, typically with 150 to 200 capitula blooming in one night. The flowers open sequentially from the base to the tip. The capitula appear bright red due to the color of the anthers and filaments, then become yellow-red at dusk when nectar and pollen are produced. When the styles elongate, the plant takes on a purple-red hue, finishing the dramatic color shift all within one night. Flowers are usually shed afterwards within a span of 3 to 4 days.
Pollination
Like other members of the Mimosoideae subfamily, Parkia pendula exhibits pollen aggregation, specifically polyads. It further differentiates itself from other members of Mimosoideae by having globose polyads rather than flattened polyads from pollen grain layering. Parkia pendula polyads are about 100 mm in diameter and composed of 32 pollen grains, with an outer exine that is grooved. The stigma for each fertile flower only contains a cavity for one polyad, but since the number of pollen grains matches the number of ovules, one polyad can fertilize all the ovules of a flower.
Parkia pendula is chiropterophilous, meaning it is largely pollinated by bats. While a dozen different species have been observed pollinating Parkia pendula, the most common is Phyllastomus discolor. Bats are attracted to the large quantity of nectar produced by nectariferous flowers. When bats land upside-down on the flowers, large quantities of pollen accumulate on the underside of their feet and spread to other flowers. However, some species, like Glossophaga soricina, do not land on the flower and do not facilitate pollination.
The corolla is a key part of pollination, as its round shape and exposed arrangement allows it to be found by bats via echolocation. Typically bat-pollinated plants emit a sulfur scent, but Parkia pendula has no sulfur compounds in its flowers, further substantiating that bats find it by echolocation
Other pollinators include opossums, kinkajous, porcupines, ring-tailed coati, certain primates, and occasionally bees.
Seed dispersal
Parkia pendula has a unique seed dispersal mechanism. The seed pods secrete an amber-colored gum, and after bursting, the seeds within get stuck on the gum. It then dries and washes away during precipitation.
Besides dehiscence, Parkia pendula also disperses seeds utilizing animals. Many primates and parrots feed on the gum due to the high concentration of proteins, carbohydrates, and magnesium. These animals will consume and defecate the seeds later on. Additionally, members of the ant species Pachycondyla crassinoda have also participated in seed dispersal.
Taxonomy
The genus Parkia was established by Robert Brown in 1826, notably different from other members of their subfamily Mimosideae due to their fertile flowers having a calyx with five lobes and ten stamens. The genus contains three subsections: Parkia, Platyparkia, and Sphaeroparkia; Parkia pendula is a part of Platyparkia, along with Parkia paraenesis and Parkia platycephala.
Uses
The wood from Parkia pendula is moderately heavy, with a density of 0.57 g/cm3. Processed wood typically has a white or yellow color, with a thick textured grain. It is resistant to fungal infections, but porous enough for preservatives, so it is commonly used in furniture and carpentry.
Due to its high growth rate and capability to attract wild animals while fixing copious amounts of nitrogen, Parkia pendula is perfectly suited to afforestation. It can be planted in degraded, barren environments and serve as a dependable foundation for establishing a forest.
The seed pod gum is also notably used to catch birds.
Medicinal use
Parkia pendula has been known to treat dysentery, headaches, inflammation, itching, and fevers. The bark has commonly been used by locals to treat stomach aches. Research has been conducted examining the use of lectin as a histochemistry marker to distinguish meningothelial tumors and as treatment for cutaneous wounds in normal and immunocompromised mice. PPeL, the lectin produced when Parkia pendula seeds are purified, binds to cell surface carbohydrates in oligosaccharides and glycoconjugates, expressing cytoplasmic staining which can be used to characterize tumor cell types.
References
pendula
Trees of Central America
Trees of South America
Conditional fee may refer to:
In United States law, a reference to a future interest in real property; here fee is derived from fief, meaning a feudal landholding
In English law, a contingent fee payable to a lawyer, also known as "no win no fee"
Philippe Joseph Parmentier (15 November 1787 – 5 May 1867) was a Belgian sculptor.
Life and work
Philippe Joseph Parmentier was born in Feluy in 1787. They were a son of the sculptor Antoine François Parmentier and Marie Madeleine Remiens. They received their first training from their father and studied at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris, where they were a student of, among others, François Joseph Bosio. Parmentier exhibited several times, including at the Brussels and Ghent Salon and the Exhibition of Living Masters in Amsterdam (1824) and Haarlem (1825). In 1836 they were appointed professor at the Royal Academy of Fine Arts in Ghent, a position they held until 1850.
References
Notes
External links
Year of birth uncertain
1784 births
1787 births
1867 deaths
19th-century Belgian sculptors
19th-century Belgian male artists
People from Seneffe
Song Wenjie (; born 15 January 1991) is a Chinese professional footballer who plays for Chinese Super League club Guangzhou City.
Club career
Song Wenjie joined Qingdao Hailifeng's youth academy in 2002. In February 2010, Qingdao Hailifeng was engaged in bribery and private business dealings in matches held from 2007 to 2009 and was banned from all future league matches. Song and their teammates became unattached players without a club. After being released, they signed a contract with Chinese Super League side Qingdao Jonoon in March 2010 after a successful trial with the club.
Song was promoted to Qingdao Jonoon's first team in the summer of 2010 and made their senior debut on 31 October 2010 in a 0–0 away draw against Shanghai Shenhua. Song was given further more opportunities to play for the senior team during the 2011 league season after then manager Chang Woe-Ryong took charge of the team. On 8 May 2011, they scored their first two senior goals in a 4–1 home win against Nanchang Hengyuan. Song scored six goals in nineteen appearances and won the Chinese Football Association Young Player of the Year award at the end of the 2011 season.
On 27 February 2015, Song transfer to China League One side Hebei China Fortune. They made their debut for the club on 14 March 2015 in a 1–0 home loss against Beijing Institute of Technology. On 15 April 2015, they scored their first goal in a 2–0 away win against Guangxi Longguida in the 2015 Chinese FA Cup. On 25 April 2015, Song scored their first league goal, earned a penalty and assisted once in a league match against Tianjin Songjiang, which ensured Hebei's 3–2 win. On 21 July 2015, they suffered a rupture of cruciate ligament in their right knee in a league match against Harbin Yiteng, which ruling them out of the field for the rest of the season.
Song, who was recovering from injury, was named in Hebei China Fortune's reserves squad in the 2016 season. They returned to the first team squad in July 2017. They made their return on 24 September 2017 in a 0–0 away draw against Changchun Yatai, coming on as a substitute for Zhang Lifeng in the 71st minute.
In February 2019, Song transferred to Chinese Super League side Shandong Luneng.
Career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 4 January 2022.
Honours
Individual
Chinese Football Association Young Player of the Year: 2011
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Association football forwards
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Qingdao
Qingdao Hainiu F.C. (1990) players
Hebei F.C. players
Shandong Taishan F.C. players
Guangzhou City F.C. players
Chinese Super League players
China League One player
Çataloluk is a village in the District of Kaş, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Kaş District
Sias or SIAS may refer to:
Sias, West Virginia, unincorporated community in Lincoln County, West Virginia, United States
Sias International University, a private college affiliated with Zhengzhou University in Henan Province, People's Republic of China
Some Institutes for Advanced Study
People with the surname
David Sias (born 1987), American soccer player
Don E. Sias (died 1934), American politician
SIAS
Social Interaction Anxiety Scale, a self-report scale that measures distress when meeting and talking with others
Spina iliaca anterior superior, medical Latin term for the Anterior superior iliac spine
Student Investment Advisory Service, student managed investments fund and part of Simon Fraser University
Serviciul pentru Intervenții și Acțiuni Speciale, a task force of the Romanian Police
Seymour Schwartzman (December 7, 1930 – January 18, 2009) was an American cantor and opera singer. They were a principal baritone at New York City Opera where they sang over thirty roles and also performed internationally in opera houses and on the concert stage. Among the synagogues where they served as cantor was the Beth Sholom Congregation in Elkins Park, Pennsylvania.
Biography
Seymour Schwartzman was born in Brooklyn, New York, the son and grandson of cantors, and initially trained with their father. Following service in the US Army, they studied at the School of Sacred Music at Hebrew Union College, while at the same time holding a full-time position as cantor at Temple Beth Emeth in Teaneck, New Jersey. After their graduation in 1953, they served as cantor for the Beth Israel Congregation in Providence, Rhode Island for three years until moving to Elkins Park, Pennsylvania where they took up an appointment as the first cantor to the newly built Beth Sholom Congregation
For several years Schwartzman had also studied classical and musical theatre singing with Robert Weede and eventually received a scholarship to the Academy of Vocal Arts in Philadelphia where they studied under Dorothy di Scala. They made their operatic debut as Sonora in La fanciulla del West with the Philadelphia Lyric Opera Company in 1964 and continued to sing in Philadelphia over the next two years both with the Philadelphia Lyric Opera Company and the Little Lyric Opera Company. In 1966 they were one of the four Winners of the American Opera Auditions as well as First Prize winner in the Illinois Opera Guild–WGN Auditions. The American Opera Auditions prize led to their Italian debut at the Teatro Nuovo in Milan as David in L'Amico Fritz that same year. For the next ten years, their primary career would be on the opera and concert stage.
On November 12, 1965, Schwartzman made their debut with New York City Opera as Giorgio Germont in La traviata, and remained with the company until 1975, singing leading baritone roles including Lord Nottingham in Roberto Devereux, Scarpia in Tosca, Tonio in Pagliacci, Michele in Il tabarro, Lord Ashton in Lucia di Lammermoor, Marcello in La bohème, Sharpless in Madame Butterfly, and the title role in Rigoletto. In 1968, they sang the role of John Sorel in Gian Carlo Menotti's The Consul at the Israel Music Festival in Tel Aviv, a role they would reprise in 1969 for San Francisco Opera and in 1971 for Connecticut Opera. Schwartzman had also appeared at San Francisco Opera as Giorgio Germont in La traviata (1967), Tonio in Pagliacci (1967), and Rigoletto (1968).
Although they primarily performed at New York City Opera, Schwartzman also made regular appearances with the Philadelphia Grand Opera Company between 1969 and 1973, singing Alfio in Cavalleria rusticana, Valentin in Faust, David in L'Amico Fritz, Sharpless in Madame Butterfly, High Priest of Dagon in Samson et Dalila, and Giorgio Germont in La traviata. Their performances with other opera companies included the Grand Théâtre de Genève where they sang Amonasro in Aida opposite Virginia Zeani in 1969; San Diego Opera where they sang Giorgio Germont in 1970; and Fort Worth Opera where they sang Renato in Un ballo in maschera opposite Plácido Domingo in 1970.
Schwartzman's appearances on the concert stage often centered on the performance of music by Jewish composers. They sang Ernest Bloch's Sacred Service at the Grant Park Concerts in Chicago and the Philharmonic Hall in New York in 1967 and appeared at Mexico City's Palacio de Bellas Artes for the Festival of Jewish Music (Festival de Música Judía) in 1969 and 1972. Their 1973 performance in Sholom Secunda's oratorio Yizkor with Richard Tucker (tenor), Bianca Sauler (soprano), and Howard da Silva (narrator) was broadcast by the ABC television network to mark the 30th anniversary of the destruction of the Warsaw Ghetto.<ref>The Rock Hill Herald. "Directions To Pay Tribute To Jews Killed During War" (April 27, 1973)</ref>
After their retirement from the opera stage Schwartzman returned to the cantorate, while giving occasional concerts. They became the cantor at Temple Beth Sholom in Roslyn Heights, New York in 1978 and served there for the next ten years. In 1988, they and their family moved to Florida where they were appointed cantor at Temple Kol Ami in Plantation, a post they held until their retirement in 1995. During their time at Kol Ami they produced, directed, and starred in several shows at the synagogue, including Fiddler on the Roof and Milk and Honey.
Recordings
Cantor Seymour Schwartzman: Synagogue Chants and Israeli Songs (LP). Label: Kolee Records (JE 18)The Golden Baritone Voice of Seymour Schwartzman (cantorial chants and Jewish songs) (LP). Label: Tikva (T 91)The Two Worlds of Seymour Schwartzman (Side 1: Art songs and opera arias; Side 2: Songs by Jewish composers, Arie Abrahamson and Edith Frey Hans) (LP). Label: POM Records (HAL 11/2)
References
External links
Audio files from Seymour Schwartzman's recordings. (Florida Atlantic University Libraries, Judaica Sound Archives)
Cantor Sheldon Merel, Commentary on Schwartzman's recording of The Kaddish of Reb Levi Yitzchak in San Diego Jewish World'', May 19, 2009
1930 births
2009 deaths
Hazzans
American operatic baritones
Jewish American musicians
Musicians from Brooklyn
People from Plantation, Florida
Academy of Vocal Arts alumni
United States Army soldiers
People from Roslyn Heights, New York
20th-century American male opera singers
Classical musicians from New York (state)
Singers from Florida
Classical musicians from Florida
Jewish opera singers
20th-century American Jews
Eburia aliciae is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, that can be found in Mexico.
References
aliciae
Beetles described in 2002
Endemic insects of Mexico
Beetles of North America
Allen Township is a township in Jewell County, Kansas, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 43.
Geography
Allen Township covers an area of 34.85 square miles (90.27 square kilometers); of this, 0.01 square miles (0.02 square kilometers) or 0.02 percent is water. The streams of Dry Creek and Little Cheyenne Creek run through this township .
Adjacent townships
Vicksburg Township (north)
Beaver Township, Republic County (northeast)
Grant Township, Cloud County (east)
Lulu Township, Mitchell County (south)
Plum Creek Township, Mitchell County (southwest)
Prairie Township (west)
Cemeteries
The township contains two cemeteries: Lutheran and West Hope.
Major highways
K-28
References
U.S. Board on Geographic Names (GNIS)
United States Census Bureau cartographic boundary files
External links
US-Counties.com
City-Data.com
Townships in Jewell County, Kansas
Townships in Kansas
Mike "Goose" Gosselin is a retired American soccer defender who earned one cap with the U.S. national team in 1992. They played professionally in the National Professional Soccer League and USISL.
Youth
Gosselin grew up in the Pacific Northwest. They were goalkeeper for Kentwood High School (Kent, Washington) as a first-year student. They then attended Jefferson High School where they were the school's goalkeeper their sophomore year. Thomas Jefferson won the State Champion that year. They then transferred back to Kentwood High School their junior year where they were moved to forward and led the team in scoring as it finished fourth in the state tournament. After graduating from high school in 1987, they entered the University of South Carolina where they played on the men's soccer team from 1987 to 1990. This led to yet another position change, this time to defender. Was selected to the Soccer America all Freshman Team in 1987. NCAA Post Season Tournament 1987–1990. NCAA Final Four 1988.
Professional
In 1991, the Canton Invaders of the National Professional Soccer League (NPSL) drafted Gosselin and they signed with the team on October 15, 1991. In March 1992, they strained their knee and lost several games, but was still selected to the Rookie First Team. On September 13, 1992, the Buffalo Blizzard selected Gosselin with the first selection in the NPSL Expansion Draft. However, Canton purchased their contract from the Blizzard in October but they did not join the team as they were finishing their degree at South Carolina. In January 1992, multiple injuries to the Invaders back line led the team to sign Gosselin for two games. In February, Gosselin signed with the Columbia Spirit of the USISL in 1993. In 1994, they moved to the Greensboro Dynamo, winning the USISL championship that season. Gosselin was selected as the USISL Championship MVP and the Star Team. They remained with the Dynamo through the 1996 season. In October 1994, they signed with the Dayton Dynamo for the 1994–1995 NPSL season. In the fall of 1995, they signed with the Cincinnati Silverbacks. They played two games then was traded to the Buffalo Blizzard in exchange for Matt Kmosko on November 9, 1995. In 1998, they played with the Raleigh Flyers.
National team
Gosselin played on the US National U-21 Team 1989–1992 traveling to South Korea for the President Cup in 1989 & 1991 and France for the Toulon International Tournament representing the United States. In 1991, Gosselin played for the U.S. soccer team at the World University Games in Sheffield England. They earned their lone cap with the U.S. national team in a 2-0 win over Canada on September 3, 1992. They came on for John DeBrito in the 78th minute.
References
American soccer players
Buffalo Blizzard players
Canton Invaders players
Cincinnati Silverbacks players
Columbia Spirit players
Dayton Dynamo players
North Carolina Fusion U23 players
National Professional Soccer League (1984–2001) players
Raleigh Flyers players
South Carolina Gamecocks men's soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
USISL players
Living people
Association football defenders
Soccer players from Washington (state)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Randy Smith (born June 14, 1974) is an American video game designer. They co-owns and is the creative director of Tiger Style. They have worked extensively on the Thief series with both Looking Glass Studios and Ion Storm.
Smith started Tiger Style in 2009 and shipped the award-winning game Spider: The Secret of Bryce Manor on iOS, followed by Waking Mars and Spider: Rite of the Shrouded Moon. They spent time on the Steven Spielberg collaboration code-named LMNO at EA Los Angeles studio, which was eventually canceled. Smith has lectured on game design at GDC, and additionally, Smith has participated in the Indie Game Jam.
Between 2007 and 2013, Smith wrote a monthly column called "The Possibility Space" for Edge in the UK.
Games credited
Thief: The Dark Project (1998)
Thief II: The Metal Age (2000)
Thief: Deadly Shadows (2004)
Dark Messiah of Might and Magic (2006)
LMNO (Cancelled)
Spider: The Secret of Bryce Manor (2009)
Waking Mars (2012)
Spider: Rite of the Shrouded Moon (2015)
Project C (TBA)
Jett: The Far Shore (2021)
References
External links
Randy Smith's Rap Sheet on MobyGames
Randy Smith's column "The Possibility Space" in Edge magazine
1974 births
American video game designers
Living people
John Bacon (died April 3, 1783) (also "Bloody John Bacon"), was a leader of the Pine Robbers, a band of Loyalist guerrilla fighters who hid out in the Pine Barrens of south-central New Jersey and preyed upon Patriots toward the end of the American Revolutionary War. The group was responsible for the October 1782 Long Beach Island Massacre, which occurred after hostilities between the United States and Great Britain had been put on hold pending treaty negotiations. They and their band were relentlessly pursued thereafter. Bacon was killed the following March while resisting capture (considered by several historians to be the last casualty of the war).
Early life
John Bacon's origins are not known. They first appeared in public documents in 1775 as a shingler in Monmouth County, Province of New Jersey required to appear in local court for unpaid debts. Bacon was married and had two sons who resided with them in Pemberton, New Jersey.
The Pine Robbers
Bacon purportedly served at one point in the Patriot militia, but subsequently joined with the Loyalist side. They became a member of the "Board of Associated Loyalists" an organization of associators, which was chartered by King George III and overseen by William Franklin, British royal governor of the New Jersey Colony (and son of Benjamin Franklin). Franklin chose Bacon as the military leader of the "Pine Robbers" (which later became known as "The Refugees"), a guerrilla-style fighting unit which financed its operations through war-time plunder. The organization's purpose was to conduct raids and to seize supplies from the Patriots. Bacon readily fulfilled the organization's mission by raiding ground transports, depots, ships, and Patriot homes (including those belonging to members of the Monmouth Militia).
Bacon and their band of marauders is involved in the October 1782 Long Beach Island Massacre, and the following December were in a skirmish at the Cedar Bridge Tavern in New Jersey. Bacon's subsequent death several months after this engagement is often characterized as the last casualty of the American Revolutionary War.
A skirmish at Manahawkin
Manahawkin, New Jersey militiamen had heard rumors that Bacon and their men, now known as "The Refugees," were planning to raid the town. The local militia met on December 30, 1781, at Captain Reuben Randolph's home to plan the town's defense. On the morning of December 31, Bacon and their men, totaling between 30 and 40, arrived from the direction of Barnegat Township. Before the militiamen were fully organized, Bacon and their men opened fire, killing Lines Pangbon and wounding Sylvester Tilton.
Long Beach Island Massacre
On October 25, 1782, Bacon conspired with a Loyalist sympathizer who was working on the offloading of cargo from a cutter which had become stranded at Barnegat Shoals, to hijack the operation. They and their band stealthily murdered 19 men in their sleep, including Militia Captain Andrew Steelman. This attack, occurring after formal hostilities between the United States and Great Britain had paused because of peace negotiations, was considered so atrocious that Governor William Livingston put a bounty of fifty pounds on Bacon's head.
Affair at Cedar Bridge
A gun battle involving Bacon and their men near the Cedar Bridge Tavern, on the Jersey Shore, was the last documented conflict of the American Revolutionary War. In December 1782, Captain Richard Shreve, heading a Patriot force from Burlington, received word that Bacon and their troop were in the area. They came upon Bacon and their men as they were camped out near a tavern overlooking the Cedar Bridge crossing. The Refugees fired upon Shreve and their men as they approached Cedar Bridge, wounding them and three others. Bacon was wounded along with four of their fighters, but they escaped. Several of their men, however, were captured. The battle came to be known as "The Affair at Cedar Bridge
Final confrontation and death
On March 31, 1783, Bacon was finally tracked down by armed forces of the new republic on Long Beach Island where they were spotted scavenging a shipwreck. A search party of six men, led by Captain John Stewart, was sent out to find Bacon, who was found at the Rose Tavern. Stewart wrestled them to the ground before Bacon could grab their musket. Stewart stabbed Bacon with their bayonet and quickly shot him, causing their death.
Bacon's body was ceremoniously brought to Jacobstown, where the citizens were preparing a disrespectful burial in the middle of the road, when Bacon's brother arrived begging for a proper burial. Their body was taken by their family to a cemetery in Arneytown.
Legacy
There is an annual re-enactment of the Affair at Cedar Bridge each December 27 at the Cedar Bridge Tavern.
References
18th-century births
Year of birth unknown
1783 deaths
Loyalists in the American Revolution from New Jersey
People of colonial New Jersey
People from Monmouth County, New Jersey
Place of birth unknown
Deaths by firearm in New Jersey
Loyalist military personnel of the American Revolutionary War
Deaths by bayonet
DBRS Morningstar is a global credit rating agency (CRA) founded in 1976 (originally known as Dominion Bond Rating Service in Toronto). DBRS was acquired by the global financial services firm Morningstar, Inc. in 2019 for approximately $700 million. Following the acquisition, DBRS's operations have been integrated with Morningstar Inc.'s credit ratings business, Morningstar Credit Ratings, to create DBRS Morningstar.
Overview
DBRS Morningstar, which has offices in Toronto, New York, Chicago, London, Frankfurt and Madrid, is the fourth-largest credit rating agency by global market share, with approximately between 2% and 3% of global market share. DBRS comprises five affiliated operating companies – DBRS Limited; DBRS, Inc.; DBRS Ratings Limited; DBRS Ratings GmbH; and DBRS Ratings GmbH, Sucursal en España.
Following the acquisition of DBRS and Morningstar Credit Ratings, Detlef Scholz was named president of the credit ratings business.
Registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (NRSRO) pursuant to the Credit Rating Agency Reform Act of 2006 (CRA Reform Act) and the rules adopted thereunder.
DBRS is registered as a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization from the United States' Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), one of only 10 companies to hold the designation.
Registered as a CRA in the European Union (EU) in accordance with Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament, amended by Regulation (EU) No 513/2011 and No 462/2013 on CRAs (the EU CRA Regulation).and with the Ontario Securities Commission (OSC) in Canada.
The company is one of only four CRAs, including larger competitors Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service, and Fitch Ratings, to receive ECAI recognition from the European Central Bank (ECB). That designation indicates CRAs whose ratings can be used by the ECB to determine collateral requirements for borrowing from the ECB. In recent years, DBRS Morningstar's sovereign ratings on European nations, including Portugal, Ireland and Italy, were used by the ECB for such purposes.
On May 29, 2019, Morningstar, Inc. announced their acquisition of DBRS in an approximately $700 million cash and stock transaction. The takeover closed on July 2, 2019.
History
The company was founded by Walter Schroeder, who started sketching out a business plan while driving to Montreal on a family vacation. They developed the rating agency from scratch, starting the company with less than $1,000. The company opened its first office, a tiny 1,500-square-foot office, in Toronto. Mr. Schroeder and their family sold the company to The Carlyle Group and Warburg Pincus, who then sold the company to its current owner, Morningstar Inc.
Since those beginnings, DBRS has expanded to become the largest rating agency in Canada with operations in the U.S. and Europe. It first opened offices in Chicago and New York in 2003; opened its current office in London in 2010; opened in Frankfurt in 2018 and Madrid in 2019. In 2008, the organization changed its name from Dominion Bond Rating Service to DBRS.
Today, DBRS Morningstar has about 700 employees worldwide and rates more than 3,000 issuer families and nearly 60,000 securities worldwide.
Corporate and Operating Structures
DBRS Limited is the operating company in Canada. DBRS, Inc. is the operating company in the United States. DBRS Ratings Limited is the operating entity based in London and is home to the agency's broader European operations. DBRS Ratings GmbH is the German operating unit and DBRS Ratings GmbH, Sucursal en España is the operating company in Spain.
Ratings
DBRS Morningstar provides independent credit rating services for financial institutions, corporate and sovereign entities and structured finance products and instruments throughout all geographies where it operates.
Credit ratings are forward-looking opinions about credit risk that reflect the creditworthiness of an entity or security. The Rating Committee process facilitates rating decisions, which are a collective assessment of DBRS Morningstar's opinion rather than the view of an individual analyst, are based on sufficient information that incorporates both global and local considerations and the use of approved methodologies and are independent of any actual or perceived conflicts of interest.
DBRS Viewpoint
DBRS Viewpoint is an online platform launched in 2016 (previously known as iReports) that provides interactive access to commercial mortgage-backed securities transaction information, as well as commentaries and work product, for DBRS Morningstar-rated deals. Users receive greater transparency into credit analysis and supporting data through the platform.
Regulation
In Canada, DBRS Morningstar is regulated through the Canadian Securities Administrators with its principal regulator being the OSC. CRAs in Canada must become a "designated rating organization" in order for their opinions to be eligible for use under securities laws.
In the U.S., DBRS Morningstar is regulated by the SEC in accordance with the rules that were prosed as part of the Dodd-Frank Act and provide additional governance, transparency, conflicts of interest and performance measurement requirements on the CRA industry.
In Europe, DBRS Morningstar is regulated by ESMA and the FCA. Additional rules – CRA III – have been adopted in Europe focused on increasing competition, ratings transparency and independence, standardizing Sovereign ratings and adding new liability whether or not a contract is in place.
See also
A.M. Best
Bloomberg L.P.
Dun & Bradstreet
Egan-Jones Ratings Company
Fitch Ratings
Kroll Bond Rating Agency
Moody's
Morningstar, Inc.
Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organizations
Reuters
Standard & Poor's
References
External links
DBRS Methodologies
Financial services companies of Canada
Credit rating agencies
Financial services companies established in 1976
1976 establishments in Ontario
2019 mergers and acquisitions
Zigmas Vaišvila (born 20 December 1956 in Šiauliai) is a Lithuanian politician. In 1990 they were among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. They and their wife, Regina, were married in 1979.
References
Zigmas Vaišvila
Video gallery
1956 births
Living people
Lithuanian politicians
Politicians from Šiauliai
Koundinyasana (, IAST: kauṇḍinyāsana), or Sage Kaundinya's pose, is a hand-balancing asana in modern yoga as exercise. It may be performed with both legs bent (Dvi Pada Koundinyasana), or with one leg over the supporting arm, the other leg straight (Eka Pada Koundinyasana).
Eka Pada Galavasana (Flying Pigeon Pose) has one leg bent, the foot hooked over the opposite arm under the body.
Etymology and origins
The pose is named after Kaundinya (), an Indian sage, and āsana () meaning "posture" or "seat". The variations for one and two legs include the Sanskrit words for one (ek) or two (dvi), and pada () meaning "foot".
The pose is not described in medieval hatha yoga. It appears in the 20th century among the asanas described by B. K. S. Iyengar in their 1966 book Light on Yoga, and those taught by Pattabhi Jois in Mysore in their Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga. Both Iyengar and Jois were pupils of Krishnamacharya.
Description
Koundinyasana is traditionally entered from tripod headstand, a variant of Sirsasana, but one can also get into the asana from Parsva Bakasana. The knee needs to be far enough up the triceps of the opposite arm before bending the elbows to engage the core muscles and help to prevent the leg from sliding down.
Variations
Eka Pada Koundinyasana has one leg stretched out straight in line with the body.
Eka Pada Galavasana (Flying Pigeon Pose) has one leg bent, the foot hooked over the opposite arm under the body. The full pose, Galavasana, has the legs crossed in Padmasana, one knee tucked between the arms.
See also
Astavakrasana, a similar twisting arm-balancing asana
List of asanas
References
Sources
Balancing asanas
Asymmetric asanas
Zack Nipper is an artist from Omaha, Nebraska. They have designed several album covers by bands such as Bright Eyes, Criteria, Georgie James and Desaparecidos. Zack won "Best Recording Package" for their work on Bright Eyes' Cassadaga at the 2008 Grammy Awards, giving him, as well as Saddle Creek Records their first Grammy. In 2008, after their Grammy Award, several of Nipper's drawings for the album were displayed at the Joslyn Art Museum in "Zack Nipper: The Cassadaga Drawings" organized by then-senior curator of collections, John Wilson.
In January 2011, it was announced that Nipper's work on The People's Key had won the Best Art Vinyl award.
 They are a great-grandson of efficiency experts Frank Bunker Gilbreth, Sr. and Lillian Moller Gilbreth, whose life story was told in the book and film "Cheaper By The Dozen".
Selected works
artwork - Criteria - Prevent the World single (2005 · Saddle Creek Records)
artwork - Criteria - When We Break (2005 · Saddle Creek Records)
artwork - Desaparecidos - Read Music/Speak Spanish (2002 · Saddle Creek Records)
artwork - Bright Eyes - There Is No Beginning to the Story, "Four Winds EP", "Lua EP", "I'm Wide Awake, It's Morning", "Every Day and Every Night", "The People's Key"
References
External links
Saddle Creek Records
American artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The Jordanian Communist Party (JCP; , al-Hizb al-Shuyu'i al-Urduni) is a communist party in Jordan, founded in 1948. Its current general secretary is Dr. Munir Hamarana. It publishes al-Jamahir (, "The Masses").
History
In June 1951, the Palestinian communists in the West Bank, then organized in the Palestinian National Liberation League, joined JCP. During the years to come the main stronghold of the party was in the West Bank, and the party leadership was predominantly Palestinian. Prior to the merger into JCP, the Palestinian communists had opposed the annexation of the West Bank by Jordan. However, in 1951, that policy was reversed and JCP recognized the West Bank as part of Jordan.
The main leaders during the initial period were Fu'ad Nassar, Fahmi al-Salfiti and Fa'iq Warrad. The party gained influence amongst urban intellectuals in Nablus and Jerusalem. In particular, the party developed a strong position in the Salfit village outside of Nablus, from where many prominent JCP leaders hailed. Other areas in which the party was active were Ramallah, Bethlehem and amongst refugees near Jericho. The main party organ was al-Muqawamah ash-Shabiya (, "People's Resistance"), a monthly publication.
The party faced harsh repression from the Jordanian state. On December 29, 1951, Fu'ad Nasser was arrested. They were sentenced to ten years' imprisonment. In 1953, a legislation was passed that ordered forced labor for JCP cadres. However, the party continued to work in a clandestine way.
The party built up mass organizations, such as the Democratic Youth Association and the Peace Partisans. In May 1954, it formed the National Front, through which the party took part in the elections that year. In that election the National Front won one parliamentary seat, Abd al-Qadir Salih from Nablus.
The party reached the peak of its influence in 1956–1957, following the Suez Crisis and during the mobilizations against the Anglo-Jordanian Treaty. In the 1956 elections, the National Front won three seats. Salih retained their seat, and Fa'iq Warrad won in Ramallah and Yaqub Ziyadin won a seat in Jerusalem. Following the elections, there was a brief opening for the party. Salih was appointed as Minister of Agriculture in the government of Nablusi. Prisoners, like Fu'ad Nassar, were released from jail. The party press could be circulated openly. Its main opponent at the time was the Ba'ath Party, which also sought to make inroads amongst the secular sectors.
The opening would however become very short. In January 1957, Hussein of Jordan harshly attacked the party and the communists were accused of collaborating with Israel. Ziyadin and Warrad were arrested by the government after having their parliamentary immunities removed. They were sentenced to 19 and 16 years' imprisonment respectively. The party activities nearly halted, except for internal cadre schooling and publication of al-Muqawamah ash-Shabiya.
In the mid 1960s, the United States Department of State estimated the party membership to be approximately 500.
At the same time, the party suffered from internal divisions. The acting General Secretary in Amman, Fahmi al-Salfiti led the right wing sections of the party. They favored collaboration with the Hashemite dynasty. They vehemently opposed guerrilla struggle and expressed a will that King Hussein would take the leading role in the struggle against Israel. The al-Salfiti fraction supported Resolution 242 of the United Nations Security Council. Al-Salfiti was opposed by the exiled leadership, led by the party general secretary Fu'ad Nassar.
After the Six-Day War (5–10 June 1967), the party organization in the West Bank was led by Na'im al-Ashhab, Sulayperson al-Najjab, 'Arabi 'Awwad and later, Bashir Barghuti. In the West Bank, the party started publishing al-Watan (, "The Fatherland"). Under al-Ashhab's rule, the West Bank communists remained cautious of armed struggle, claiming that it was premature under existing conditions. However the changed political scenario in the West Bank would force the local activists to review their stands. The pro-Jordanian positions of the party and its ambiguity towards the armed struggle were becoming more and more problematic. The West Bank communists moved closer to the Palestinian liberation movement. By 1973, the West Bank communists supported the formation of an independent Palestinian state of the West Bank and Gaza. These developments strained the relations between the West Bank communists and their formal leadership in Amman.
In exile, Fu'ad Nassar built up an armed militia for the Palestinian communists, the al-Ansar Forces, in March 1970. In theory the al-Ansar Forces would remain under the supervision of the JCP, the Syrian Communist Party and the Iraqi Communist Party. In practice, the group would not play a major role, largely due to the passivity and betrayal of the JCP. By 1975, the structure was disbanded.
In 1975, the West Bank communists split in two separate organizations. The pro-Salfiti branch formed the Palestinian Communist Youth Organization. The group which remained in JCP was reorganized as the "Palestinian Communist Organization", which achieved autonomous status within JCP.
On February 10, 1982, after much debate, the Palestinian Communist Organization was separated from JCP. The Palestinian Communist Party was constituted as a separate party, merging the JCP branch in the West Bank and the Palestinian Communist Organization in Gaza.
The JCP remained "illegal" until 1993.
In May 2006, the party organized a "Unity Conference of Jordanian Communists", merging sectors that had left the party. However, the main splinter group, the Jordanian Communist Toilers Party, did not attend.
References
External links
1948 establishments in Jordan
Communist parties in Jordan
Formerly banned communist parties
Political parties established in 1948
Political parties in Jordan
Secularism in Jordan
International Meeting of Communist and Workers Parties
Two ships of the United States Navy have been named USS Saipan, after the Battle of Saipan, one of the Northern Mariana Islands that was a scene of heavy fighting in World War II.
The first was commissioned as a light aircraft carrier in 1946, converted to the command ship Arlington (AGMR-2) and recommissioned in 1966, serving until 1970.
The second was an amphibious assault ship commissioned 1977 and decommissioned 20 April 2007.
United States Navy ship names
is a railway station in Nishiawakura, Aida District, Okayama Prefecture, Japan, operated by the third-sector semi-public railway operator Chizu Express.
Lines
Nishi-Awakura Station is served by the Chizu Express Chizu Line.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|Chizu Express
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Okayama Prefecture
Ardagh Castle is an Irish cheese producer owned by Gwynfor Owen and Christine Owen. It is located on their farm at Baltimore, County Cork. Founded by Judy Wotton, the current owners acquired Ardagh Castle in 2014 and have continued to make cheese in the same way. Three types of cheese are made. All are farmhouse cheeses, handmade using raw milk sourced from their small herd of Anglo-Nubian goats. Production of the cheese is very small and it is sold at Skibbereen farmers market.
Products
Ardagh Castle Goats Cheese - suitable for vegetarians, aged from 8 weeks to 6 months.
Ardagh Castle Gjetost - made from whey, to order.
Ardagh Castle Ricotta - made from whey, to order.
Awards
Bronze medal in the 2011 British Cheese awards for Goats cheese aged over 3 months.
See also
List of goat milk cheeses
References
External links
Official website of Ardagh Castle
Dairy products companies of Ireland
Cheesemakers
Goat's-milk cheeses
The Universidad Autónoma de la Ciudad de México (UACM) (Autonomous University of Mexico City) is a public university from México City founded in 2001. Before, the Federal District was the only federal entity without a state university.
History
The UACM was established on April 26 of 2001 by Andrés Manuel López Obrador as Universidad de la Ciudad de México. The first venue was Casa Libertad, the formerly Santa Marta Acatitla women's prison and later a youth center. On December 16 of 2004 was declared autonomous.
In July 2005 the house of the artist Víctor Sergi is donated after their death and is converted in the Centro Vlady
Venues
The rectory is in Benito Juárez delegation.
Academic Venues
There are 5 academic venues, one is for postgraduates studies.
Cultural Centers
The UACM has two cultural centers Casa Talavera in Cuauhtemoc delegation and the Centro Vlady in Benito Juárez.
Programs
The UACM offers 11 bachelor's degrees, and 10 postgraduates programmes (8 master's degrees and 2 doctoral degrees).
Arts
Arts and cultural patrimony
Literature creation
Sciences
Genomic sciences
Environmental sciences and climate change
Social Sciences
Politic sciences and urban administration
Social sciences
Communications and culture
Philosophy and history of ideas
History and contemporary society
Law
Engineering
Urban transport system engineering
Industrial electronic system engineering
Electronic and telecommunication system engineering
Energy Systems Engineering
Health
Nutrition and health
Civil protection
Health promotion
References
Public universities and colleges in Mexico
Educational institutions established in 2001
2001 establishments in Mexico
Dion Workman is a musician from New Zealand. Throughout the mid-1990s they were a member of the trio Thela with Rosy Parlane and Dean Roberts. After Thela dissolved in the late 1990s, Workman and Parlane moved to Melbourne, Australia, and recorded under the name Parmentier, as well as founding the Sigma Editions label. The duo moved to Europe, before Workman eventually settled in New York City. In 2003 they won the Max Brand Prize for their composition Ching. Also in 2003 they curated Volume III of the Alegorical Power Series.
External links
An interview with Dion Workman
Article on Workman winning the Max Brand Prize
New Zealand musicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Australia have competed in international rugby league matches since 1908. They have appeared at every Rugby League World Cup, winning the tournament eleven times. The records listed below only include performances in test matches and internationals. The top five are listed in each category (except when there is a tie for the last place among the five, when all the tied record holders are noted).
Team records
Biggest wins
Biggest losses
Highest aggregate scores
Lowest aggregate scores
Individual records
Most appearances
Most appearances as captain
Most points
Most tries
Most goals
Most points in a game
Most tries in a game
Most goals in a game
Oldest players
Youngest players
Attendance records
Highest attendances in Australia
Highest attendances outside of Australia
Highest attendances per opponent
See also
List of results of the Australian national rugby league team
References
External links
Australia – Rugby League Project
Australia national rugby league team
Australian records
Rugby league records and statistics
Karaitiana Takamoana (died 24 February 1879) was a prominent Māori chief of Ngāti Kahungunu, and a New Zealand Member of Parliament for the Eastern Maori electorate.
Recognised by many as a founding father of the modern Ngāti Kahungunu iwi, they were a veteran of the Musket Wars and the East Coast campaigns of the New Zealand Wars, including the East Cape War and Te Kooti's War.
They represented the Eastern Maori electorate from until 1879, when they died.
Early life
Takamoana was said to have been born in Wairarapa to mother Te Rotohenga and father Tini-ki-runga. They were of the Ngāti Hawea hapu of Ngāti Kahungunu iwi. Takamoana derived chiefly rank among Ngati Te Whatu-i-apiti and Ngati Kahungunu in Heretaunga through their mother, Te Rotohenga, also known as Winipere. Henare Tomoana, also a prominent politician, was their half-brother.
Musket Wars
In the 1820s Takamoana fought at the battle of Te Roto-a-Tara against northern tribes. Around 1824, Takamoana was captured at Te Pakake pa and taken captive by Waikato forces who invaded the Mahia area, but was later released.
Political career
After an unsuccessful attempt in 1868, Takamoana entered Parliament in 1871 as member for Eastern Māori, succeeding Tareha Te Moananui. Takamoana held office until their death in 1879.
Later life
Karaitiana Takamoana is said to have had three wives in the 1870s, with some speculating they could have renounced their Christianity. When Takamoana died at Napier on 24 February 1879, they were said to be between 60 and 70 years old. They were buried at Pakowhai in a brick tomb opposite the site of their house.
References
Year of birth unknown
1879 deaths
New Zealand MPs for Māori electorates
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
19th-century New Zealand politicians
Ngāti Kahungunu people
Jorquera is a municipality in the province of Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.
Jorquera may also refer to:
Jorquera River, Chile
Jorquera (caldera), Atacama Region, Chile
Navas de Jorquera, a municipality in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain
People
Albert Jorquera (b. 1979), Spanish footballer
Andrés Jorquera Tapia (b. 1976), Chilean ski mountaineer and high mountain guide
Cristóbal Jorquera (b. 1988), Chilean footballer
Francisco Jorquera (b. 1961), Spanish politician
José Jorquera (b. 1991), Chilean footballer
The discography of Deen, a Japanese J-pop band, consists of nineteen studio albums and forty-six singles.
Studio albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
B-Side albums
Cover albums
EPs
Singles
Video albums DVD
Video Albums Blu-Ray
Music Video
References
Discographies of Japanese artists
Pop music group discographies
Samuel Raymond Hargraves (born October 27, 1976) is an American college basketball coach who is currently serving as the head coach of the Olivet Comets men's basketball team, a role they have held since 2019.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Olivet profile
1976 births
Living people
Alma Scots men's basketball coaches
American basketball coaches
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Calvin Knights men's basketball players
Olivet Comets men's basketball coaches
Lucia Hou is an Australia philanthropist, photographer, media manager, and a winner of several beauty queen titles, they featured in over 50 magazines and news articles and they were awarded the 2018 Woman of Year internationally by World Class Beauty Queen for their philanthropy work around the world. Hou made the front cover of Influential people magazine as top 10 Influential woman of the year 2018.
Early years
Hou, the youngest of 11 children, was born in Laos in 1976 and came to Australia at one year of age, they have two children. Hou told Herald Sun they got involved with charities to be a good role model for their children and to leave a legacy. Hou and their family escaped during the war in Laos across the Mekong river whilst soldiers guarded the banks settling in Australia.
Philanthropy
Hou has worked with many charities and not for profit organizations such as;
Charity Partner of Bully Zero Australia
partner of the Australian Teenage Expo
Partner of Sonya and Sacha Show.
Project Karma Ambassador
The Victorian Cultural Association Inc.
The Holi Festival
Indian Film Festival of Melbourne
Heart Kids Australia
Women In Need Foundation
Western Health Foundation
CDF Transport Charity
Scleroderma Australia
Anti Poverty Week
Hou has been appointed as of 2019 multicultural ambassador for Mental Health Foundation Australia (MHFA).
Professions
Hou runs a building and maintenance company as well as being a professional photographer they are a trained painter and plasterer.
Awards
Mrs Coral Sea Globe 2016
Mrs Oceana Globe 2017
World Class Beauty Queens 2018 Woman of the year
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Australian philanthropists
Australian beauty pageant winners
Abbas Razavi Kashani (Persian: عباس رضوي) is a retired Iranian Footballer and one of the most experienced football coaches in Iran. They have coaching experience in Iran, Hungary, UAE, Sweden and Italy.
Playing career
They played football at youth level with Afsar F.C. which was Taj F.C.'s youth team as well as Javanan Eqbal.
At senior level they played for Eqbal F.C. and they retired at age of 26.
Managerial career
They got their coaching license at age of 26. Then they went on and coached several Iranian clubs Eqbal F.C., Bargh Shiraz F.C., F.C. Aboomoslem and Esteghlal F.C. throughout the 1960s and 1970s.
Throughout the 1980s they were involved with youth football development mainly working at U16 and U20 levels, with Iran national youth teams and Vasas SC. As assistant coach, they have worked with several famous coaches such as Rudolf Illovszky, Kálmán Mészöly, Heshmat Mohajerani.
As head coach throughout the 1990s to present, they have coached several clubs in Swedish First and Second Division and most recently a short spell with Rahahan F.C. back in 2006.
Achievements
Champion: Tehran Hazfi Cup with Esteghlal F.C.
Champion: Hungarian League with Vasas SC
Champion: Swedish Second Division
References
External links
Abbas Razavi profile
گفتگو با روزنامه ایران ‌ورزشی
09/2013
Iranian football managers
Iranian footballers
Esteghlal F.C. managers
Living people
1944 births
Association footballers not categorized by position
The Oakey Power Station is a 282 MW power station located at Oakey on the Darling Downs in southern Queensland, adjacent to the Roma to Brisbane Pipeline. The station is an open-cycle, dual liquid/gas-fired power station that typically operates during times of peak electricity demand when Queensland's power needs are greatest. ERM Power led the development of Oakey with commissioning occurring safely and on time in December 1999. ERM Power owns 100% of Oakey and also operates and financially manages the power station.
See also
List of fuel oil power stations
List of power stations in Australia
References
Natural gas-fired power stations in Queensland
Darling Downs
1999 establishments in Australia
Energy infrastructure completed in 1999
Now Here This is an album by John McLaughlin and The 4th Dimension, released in 2012 through the record label Abstract Logix.
The album reached number 25 on Billboard's Jazz Albums charts.
Track listing
All tracks written by John McLaughlin.
"Trancefusion" – 7:16
"Riff Raff" – 7:02
"Echoes from Then" – 6:07
"Wonderfall" – 6:27
"Call and Answer" – 5:53
"Not Here Not There" – 6:16
"Guitar Love" – 7:08
"Take It or Leave It" – 3:46
Personnel
Ranjit Barot – drums
Gary Husband – drums, piano, synthesizer
Étienne M'Bappé – electric bass, fretless bass
John McLaughlin – electric guitar, synthesizer guitar
Other credits
Frédéric Betin – engineer
Marcus Wippersberg – engineer, mastering, mixing
References
2012 albums
John McLaughlin (musician) albums
Cape Sheridan is on the northeastern coast of Ellesmere Island, Canada situated on the Lincoln Sea in the Arctic Ocean, on the mouth of Sheridan River, west bank. It is one of the closest points of land to the geographic North Pole, approx to the north, Cape Columbia is however some closer to the Pole.
Cape Sheridan was the wintering site of Robert Peary's final quest to reach the North Pole in 1908/1909; the Cape Sheridan Depot being located there.
Alert, the northernmost permanently inhabited place in the world, is located to the west.
Headlands of Qikiqtaaluk Region
Kerry O'Quinn is a writer, magazine publisher, director and producer, most noted for the creation of Starlog, Fangoria, Cinemagic, Future Life, Rock Video, Hard Rock and Comics Scene magazines.
Career
O'Quinn was a publisher for Future Life magazine during the 1980s.
O'Quinn produced the Star Trek 20th Anniversary Convention, the Star Wars 10th Anniversary Convention, and the Starlog 20th Anniversary Convention.
In 2009, an award was named after him, the O'Quinn Award, which recognizes "exceptional achievement in the art and craft of the horror film field." O'Quinn themselves was the first recipient of the award.
Their film "Queerantine!" (2009) Screened at the Big Bear Horror Film Festival (later Big Bear Horro-Fi Film Festival) in 2009.
Personal life
O'Quinn currently lives in Los Angeles, California. In their early years in New York they were friends with the novelist Ayn Rand, along with numerous individuals from Rand's circle, including Nathaniel Branden and Barbara Branden.
Notes
Living people
Writers from Austin, Texas
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ruth Sato (1904–1992) was a Broadway chorus dancer, gossip columnist, musician promoter and nightclub manager. They were known as the first Japanese chorus girl on Broadway, where they worked for 20 years. They worked for about ten years as a gossip columnist and musician promoter and for 25 years managing Jazz, Ltd., a Chicago Dixieland jazz nightclub, with their husband, Bill Reinhardt.
Family
Ruth was born in Manhattan, New York City, New York to a Japanese father, Masazo Sato, and an Irish mother, Grace Bedeliah McIntyre. They said in the press that they inherited their Japanese father's stoicism and their Irish mother's volatility. Them father was a successful art importer, florist and antique dealer in Manhattan. Ruth is related to the 39th Prime Minister of Japan, Eisaku Satō. Ruth's grand-nephew, Alastar McNeil, is a performer with the Beatles tribute band, RAIN. While Ruth lived with their parents in Manhattan, their father took them on many trips to Japan for them to learn their cultural heritage. In high school Ruth's ambition was to be a school teacher (she studied education for less than a year at Barnard College in New York). Them vocational guide enlightened Ruth that their status as a Japanese teacher in a white country may not be taken seriously. The guide inquired: "What school do you think might hire you?" On the advice of this guide and their father, Ruth became a dancer. Ruth liked French and Russian literature and they read James Joyce, Marcel Proust and the Goncourt brothers. In their youth they were fascinated with American entertainment but dismissive of Japanese artifacts.
When in 1950 Ruth asked a reporter, "Why should I bring kids into the world to bat their heads against a wall?" they metaphorically suggest that children cannot rationalize society's prejudice against their mixed race origin. Ruth's Irish mother, Della, was ostracized by their family when they married Ruth's Japanese father, Masazo. To ensure that parents of white children whom Masazo's children socialized with did not worry about them marrying an oriental person in the future, Masazo moved their family frequently. The resultant feeling of unsettledness lasted throughout Ruth's life.
Acclaimed beauty
In their prime, Ruth was a petite 104 pounds and 5'-1" tall with measurements of 34-24-34 ½ and was a 'beautiful Japanese star." Columnist Walter Winchell called them "the Japanese doll with brains." Billy Rose called them "the most beautiful Eurasion in the world." They were prideful of their Irish-Japanese heritage: "… For extreme beauty I think the Eurasian type takes the prize. The Eurasian, you know, has the characteristics and the features of both the Caucasian and the Oriental." In 1936 Ruth declined an offer by Vanity Fair to enter a national beauty contest on the premise that love, affection and character are far more important factors than beauty. During their show business years they wore the popular 1920s bob cut and bangs hairdo. Many of their promotional photos in scantily clad attire accentuate their figure.
Dancing
Ruth entered show business about 1923 when their friend, Blanche Mehaffey, told of their fun experiences at the Ziegfeld Follies. Ruth dropped out of Barnard College and signed a contract to dance chorus at the New York Hippodrome theater (three miles from their house). They then sought out and performed at many of the top New York City nightclubs, speakeasies and Broadway theaters until the mid-1940s, including: the original Cotton Club, Savoy Ballroom, Onyx Club, Reisenweber's Cafe, Adrian's Tap Room, Smalls Paradise, Helen Morgan's 54th Street Club, The Nest, Nick's, and Leon & Eddie's. They were the first Japanese performer on Broadway and one of the first chorus girls who sought to produce their own Broadway show. From 1922 to 1936 they worked as a chorus girl, singing and dancing in musicals. Early on Ruth worked for Broadway producer Vinton Freedley then for Arthur Hammerstein and then for Billy Rose (1931-1935). Ruth performed in at least eight Broadway musicals: "Song of the Flame", "The Wild Rose", "Lady Do", "Funny Face," "Hold Everything," "Sweet and Low," "Billy Rose's Crazy Quilt", and "Heads Up." The highly acclaimed shows were: Funny Face, Hold Everything!, Song of the Flame, Heads Up, and George White's Scandals.
Famous co-stars
Some of the notable vaudevillian performers they worked with include: Fanny Brice (Crazy Quilt, Sweet and Low) Fred and Adele Astaire (Funny Face), Milton Berle (Casino de Paree theater-restaurant), Bert Lahr (Hold Everything), Jimmy Durante (Casino de Paree theater-restaurant), George Jessel (Sweet and Low), Victor Moore (Funny Face, Hold Everything, Heads Up), Eleanor Powell (Crazy Quilt road tour, and Casino de Paree theater-restaurant), Ann Pennington (Crazy Quilt), Anita Page (Crazy Quilt), Ray Bolger (Heads Up) and Sterling Holloway (East Wind). In 1932 The Japan Times awarded Ruth a prize for being the most popular Japanese woman in America.
Other nightclub engagements
Beginning in December 1933 Ruth worked as a dancer for producer Billy Rose at their theater-restaurant, Casino de Paree, on 54th street near Broadway. There, Ruth met the novelist John O'Hara, with whom they had an affair. In June 1936 they were working at The Penthouse nightclub in Boston. By December 1939, songwriter George MacKinnon introduced Ruth to the famous nightclub, Leon & Eddie's on 52nd Street, where they played stooge to "Eddie Davis" and danced. In May 1941 Ruth was dancing at Ching's Waikiki club on 52nd Street. They were also dancing at the Chinese nightclub, Forbidden City, on 58th Street, which featured American music by an all Chinese cast. Ruth helped to start this club.
Musical productions and solo debut
Ruth performed in one of George White's Scandals and may have been in one of the Ziegfeld Follies. They performed in a Casino de Paree road tour in 1934.
Ruth said they were lucky and happy to be a chorus girl (for 13 years), but they couldn't advance beyond chorus line work since producers had "typed" them in this role, stymieing them In Ruth's words: "...although I am an American, born in New York, I would like to do something to show that it's possible for one of eastern blood to make a success in the western amusement world…" After four years of trying, Ruth's big break came in June 1935, when they met producer Harry Gourfain at the Metropolitan Theater in Boston. For the show ‘Round the World Cruise,' Ruth persuaded Gourfain to allow them to do specialty tap dancing in jazz numbers. They succeeded. Ruth later danced ballet: in "Song of the Flame" in 1936, with choreographer Lew Christensen, in "East Wind," an allegorical ballet at the St. Louis Municipal Opera, in August, 1940 and later with Sterling Holloway in the roadshow version.
Prospective producer
In April 1929 Ruth bought the Japanese rights to ‘Hold Everything' from producers Alex Aarons and Vinton Freedley so they could produce their own Japanese version of the American show for Japanese patrons at the Imperial Theater in Japan. They were to be the first-ever to introduce an American vaudeville show to Japan. They had many of the details planned—the costumes, the translated Japanese lyrics, the financial backing, help from their father, technical and musical directors, etc. This was widely written about in the press. However, the October 1929 stock market crash and the subsequent Depression halted them plans.
Music promoter
In the course of over 20 years, Ruth had the opportunity to learn much about the nightclub business. It is reported that they knew all of the members of the Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman and Jimmie Lunceford bands. They also worked as a gossip columnist for Down Beat jazz magazine under Ned Williams, for The Boston Record under George MacKinnon (1938), for Swing magazine under Barry Ulanov and for The Boston Post. They were a publicist for the Count Basie Orchestra in the late ‘30s. They worked with George Avakian and Jack Jenny when they recorded "Stardust" with their band. They did publicity for about 90% of all swing bands of the 1930s, including Count Basie, Woody Herman, Mary Lou Williams, Bobby Hackett and others.
Marriages
Ruth was married twice, first to the Hungarian director, Gustave Basco, from 1931 to 1936, then to jazz musician, Bill Reinhardt from 1942 until their death in 1992. Ruth never had children. They met Bill at the oriental Forbidden City nightclub in New York City at which both were performing. They were married two weeks after they met in June 1942 in Norfolk, Virginia, where they were stationed in the military.
Nightclub manager
Bill and Ruth made plans to start their own jazz nightclub when Bill entered the Navy during World War II. They agreed upon a high class operation, devoid of influence from the mob, rowdy people, drugs and prostitution, which were quite common in nightclubs of the 1940s. Ruth was well aware that New York's 52nd Street developed a bad reputation for this, having worked there since the early 1920s. Jazz Ltd's motto was clear: "If you want to dance, go to the Aragon Ballroom. If you want to drink, try any bar. You can make love in a taxi. But if you want to hear Dixieland, this is the place." No unescorted women were allowed unless they sat with Ruth at the bar. Men had to wear suit jackets and women could not wear trousers. Ruth did the marketing, booking, was the hostess, and enforced the rules.
In June 1947, they opened Jazz, Ltd. in Chicago, which featured Dixieland Jazz of the 1910s and ‘20s and top jazz musicians from across the country. Ruth and Bill were originally going to open a club in New York but Dixieland music was dead there after World War I, so they chose Chicago. With Ruth's extensive Broadway experience and their own publicity, they booked talent and attracted customers from around the world to Jazz, Ltd. Some of the greatest names in Jazz played at Jazz, Ltd. Ruth and Bill estimated that over 700 musicians played their. While Ruth managed the club, Bill played clarinet in the band. It was open six nights per week from 9 pm to 4 am and was busy all the time, except for holidays."Ruth remembered many people's names and faces and their hospitality made for good rapport. Them ability to preside over the club with a subtle yet firm hand made Jazz, Ltd. one of the most pleasant clubs in Chicago.
Ruth and Bill knew they had to devote all of their time to Jazz, Ltd. in order for it to succeed. Ruth took only one vacation in 17 years working 48 hours per week at Jazz, Ltd. When it closed early in the morning they went up to their residence, an apartment above the club, and made breakfast for Bill and herself. Then they tended their garden in the backyard.
Personality
Ruth was entrepreneurial, gracious, and outgoing. Studs Terkel referred to Ruth as "the most colorful character I know in Chicago."
They were honorable. Whenever speaking of their husband, Bill, they never hesitated to laud him. They were proud of their accomplishments and frequently boasted to reporters that "Outside of Nick's in New York…he is the only jazz musician in the country who has owned their own place since 1940." They effectively charmed local journalist friends year after year to write positive news articles about Jazz, Ltd. They were eternally grateful to all of those persons who helped make them and Bill's jazz club a success. They always wrote back to journalists to thank them for their articles on Jazz, Ltd.
Ruth frequently laughed self-mockingly at their own sarcasm. "It's an advantage to be tone-deaf if you spend eight hours a night, six nights a week in a Dixieland jazz club." "[Ruth] has no musical talent and couldn't care less." The music that enthralls Jazz, Ltd. customers "could be so many pile drivers as far as I'm concerned."
They steadfastly held to their convictions and was always optimistic. Ruth had always known that they had to work hard for everything they wanted. They had an incessant desire for money. "Everything I ever did, I did for dough. I learned quick that nobody was going to give me anything." As emcee of a new night club, Ruth entertained with wit and some risque without superlatives, as is historically common with emcees. In reference to taking criticism while upholding a no foolishness policy at Jazz, Ltd., Ruth said their "shell is thick." They often took in stride criticism for the way they managed Jazz, Ltd.
They were an astute business person. Always keen to know the competition to Jazz, Ltd., Ruth kept close track of which jazz nightclubs opened and closed in Chicago, frequently mentioning in the press how many of them that Jazz, Ltd. had outlasted. "We run the business very tightly; we've always had a little money in the bank for that bad time. You don't buy airplanes. You don't go to Europe on trips…you stick with it." They were awarded $35,000 when they divorced Gus Basco in 1936. When Sidney Bechet played for a Chicago competitor to Jazz, Ltd and broke their Jazz, Ltd. contract, Ruth won a $5,000 breach of contract award against them and Sidney never played in Chicago again. In 1929 they got financial backing from banks in New York to produce their own show in Japan, which had never before been done by a chorus girl.
Retirement and death
When Jazz, Ltd. permanently closed in 1972, Bill continued doing stints with their band in Chicago. They and Ruth retired to San Diego in 1978. Ruth died from complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on December 9, 1992, three days before their 88th birthday. Them cremains were given to their husband, who had their ashes scattered over Long Island, New York.
Notes and references
Notes
References
Further reading
Adrian's Tap Room
Aarons
Gustave Basco
Billy Rose's Crazy Quilt
Eddie Davis
Harry Gourfain
Helen Morgan's 54th Street Club
Leon & Eddie's
Lady Do
Nick's
Reisenweber's Café
Song of the Flame
The Wild Rose
Ned Williams
Bibliography
Dancers from New York (state)
Vaudeville performers
American gossip columnists
American women columnists
Barnard College alumni
People from Manhattan
American people of Irish descent
American people of Japanese descent
1904 births
1992 deaths
Nightclub managers
American dancers of Asian descent
American female dancers
20th-century American dancers
20th-century American women
The 2010 Tour of Oman was the first edition of the Tour of Oman cycling stage race. It was rated as a 2.1 event on the UCI Asia Tour, and held from 14 February to 19 February 2010, in Oman. The race was won by Fabian Cancellara of .
Teams
Sixteen teams competed in the 2010 Tour of Oman. These included ten UCI ProTour teams, five UCI Professional Continental teams, and one Continental team. Each team entered a squad of eight riders, giving the Tour a peloton of 128 riders.
The teams that participated in the race were:
Trek-Livestrong U23
Stages
Stage 1
14 February 2010 – Muscat Corniche,
The Frenchman Jimmy Casper outsprinted the peloton.
The first stage was a night time stage along a 16 lap course in Muscat Corniche. This night racing made the first couple of laps cautious because the riders had to race without headlights and did not want to risk an accident.
Stage 2
15 February 2010 – Nizwa to Samail,
Daniele Bennati won the stage in a sprint finish. It was their first victory since February 28, 2009. They outsprinted American sprinter Tyler Farrar and Norway's Edvald Boasson Hagen to get the victory. They dedicated the race to Franco Ballerini, an Italian cyclist who died February 7, 2010.
In the Tour of Qatar Daniele Bennati helped out their teammate Francesco Chicchi but today was the reverse. With no one making a move with 300m to go so Bennati jumped and had enough speed to hold off the other sprinters. They credit their teammates Francesco Chicchi and Daniel Oss for giving them a great lead out. This victory put Bennati in a comfortable 3rd position overall with the same time as the leader.
The three riders tied for first are (in order): Edvald Boasson Hagen, Jimmy Casper, and Daniele Bennati.
Stage 3
16 February 2010 – Saifat Ash Shiekh to Qurayyat,
's Edvald Boasson Hagen confirmed that they are the big favourite to win the first edition of the Tour of Oman by winning Tuesday's third stage to Qurayyat and extending their overall lead.
The 22-year-old Norwegian got a perfect leadout from their teammates, responded to a late surge by the team and then accelerated to the line to win with their arms waving in celebration. 's Danilo Napolitano was 2nd and Tyler Farrar was 3rd.
The 10 second time bonus won in the stage puts them 10 seconds ahead of Tyler Farrar who is in 2nd place.
Stage 4
17 February 2010 – Ibri to Nakhal,
The Tour of Oman exploded during the toughest stage of the race on Wednesday as and the rest of the peloton swapped below the belt punches during the race and then accusations on unfair play after the finish. Australia's Leigh Howard won the stage with a fine sprint on the slightly uphill finish.
riders let a six-rider break gain almost seven minutes in the first hour and then were angry when no other teams were willing to help them chase the break.
Several riders claimed that the riders vented their anger on the peloton by blasting through the feed zone and then put the peloton in the gutter by riding a half-road echelon when the wind changed direction.
That especially angered , who retaliated by splitting the race when Edvald Boasson Hagen stopped to uninate 55 km from the finish. Because they were race leader, Edvald Boasson Hagen had perhaps thought the peloton would wait for him, but in the heat of battle, nobody did and 41 riders group quickly formed an echelon and accelerated up the road. Boasson Hagen never caught up to the peloton and as a result finished 1'05" behind Leigh Howard and is currently in 34th position.
Stage 5
18 February 2010 – Wattayat to Sultan Qaboos Stadium,
's Tom Boonen took their third win in 11 days of racing in the Gulf, winning a hectic sprint at the end of stage five of the Tour of Oman. Boonen won two stages in the Tour of Qatar and seemed back to their very best.
Tom Boonen got an excellent leadout from their teammates and then dug deep to find an extra bit of speed to beat 's Juan Jose Haedo.
The win put Tom Boonen 2 seconds behind the overall leader, Daniele Bennati.
After five days of racing, 26 riders are still within 16 seconds in the overall standings and so Friday's 18.5 km time trial will decide the winner of the inaugural Tour of Oman.
Stage 6
19 February 2010 – Al Jissah to Muscat Corniche, (ITT)
Edvald Boasson Hagen of won the 6th and final stage in the Tour of Oman, but time trialest Fabian Cancellara placed 2nd on the stage (17 seconds behind Edvald Boasson Hagen) which gave them the overall victory.
The win made Edvald Boasson Hagen as the youth classifications winner, as well as the green jersey for the overall points winner. Edvald Boasson Hagen hit speeds of almost 100 km/h on the fast downhill section following the second climb and swept up the riders in front of them throughout their ride.
Cancellara revealed they will not race again until the Eroica in Tuscany in early March. Their winter training was disrupted by illness in January but they are now satisfied that they are back on schedule.
 They are still some way from the Cancellara who can dominate Milan–San Remo, Paris–Roubaix and beat everyone in the big time trials, but their overall victory showed their class and experience. They were always in the right place during the decisive moments of the race and then used their time trialing skills and ability to hurt themselves and come out on top. Cancellera was satisfied with their victory but admits they were hurting very much and that there is a lot of room for improvement for the big races later in the season.
Classification leadership
For Stage 2, Kenny De Haes wore the green jersey.
For Stages 3 and 4, Tyler Farrar wore the green jersey, and Kristof Vandewalle wore the white jersey.
For Stage 5, Leigh Howard wore the white jersey.
References
External links
2010
2010 in road cycling
2010 in Omani sport
Allamuchy Mountain is a mountain in Sussex and Warren Counties, New Jersey. The major peak rises to , and is located in Byram Township. The mountain also covers portions of Allamuchy Township in Warren County and Green Township in Sussex County. It overlooks the Musconetcong River to the southeast, and forms part of the divide between that river and the Pequest to the northwest. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Reading Prong.
Allamuchy Mountain State Park covers portions of the mountain.
History
An 1834 description read,
References
Mountains of Sussex County, New Jersey
Mountains of Warren County, New Jersey
Mountains of New Jersey
Ersan İlyasova (born 15 May 1987) is a Turkish professional basketball player who last played for the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA). They have previously played in Turkey, Spain and the NBA Development League.
Professional career
Yeşilyurt (2003–2004)
İlyasova played for Yeşilyurt in the Turkish second division league during the 2003–04 season.
Ülkerspor (2004–2005)
İlyasova stepped up to the Turkish Basketball League for the 2004–05 season with Ülkerspor, averaging 4.5 points and 3.2 rebounds in eleven games.
Milwaukee Bucks (2005–2007)
İlyasova was selected by the Milwaukee Bucks with the 36th overall pick of the 2005 NBA draft. In July 2005, they joined the Bucks for the 2005 NBA Summer League. On 22 August 2005, they signed with the Bucks. On 14 November 2005, they were assigned to the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA Development League, an assignment that lasted the entire 2005–06 season. In 46 games for the 66ers, they averaged 12.5 points, 7.0 rebounds and 1.0 assists per game.
İlyasova made their NBA debut for the Bucks on 1 November 2006 in a 105–97 win over the Detroit Pistons. In 2006–07, they played 66 games for the Bucks, averaging 6.1 points and 2.9 rebounds per game. In June 2007, the Bucks tendered a qualifying offer to İlyasova to make them a restricted free agent.
Barcelona (2007–2009)
On 18 July 2007, İlyasova signed a two-year deal with FC Barcelona of the Liga ACB. In 2009, they won a championship with Barcelona.
Return to Milwaukee (2009–2011)
In July 2009, İlyasova signed a multi-year deal to return to the Milwaukee Bucks.
Anadolu Efes (2011)
On 3 August 2011, İlyasova signed with Anadolu Efes of the Turkish Basketball League for the duration of the NBA lockout.
Third stint with Milwaukee (2011–2015)
In December 2011, İlyasova returned to the Bucks following the conclusion of the lockout.
On 19 February 2012, İlyasova set new career-highs with 29 points and 25 rebounds against the New Jersey Nets, becoming just the third Bucks player in franchise history to record at least 25 points and 25 rebounds in a game, after Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (10 times) and Swen Nater (once). The feat had not been achieved for more than 35 years. They subsequently earned the Player of the Week award for their performances from March 5–11.
On 12 July 2012, İlyasova re-signed with the Bucks on a multi-year deal.
On 27 March 2014, İlyasova was ruled out for the remainder of the 2013–14 season due to a right ankle injury.
On 26 March 2015, İlyasova scored a career-high 34 points in a 111–107 win over the Indiana Pacers.
Detroit Pistons (2015–2016)
On 11 June 2015, İlyasova was traded to the Detroit Pistons in exchange for Caron Butler and Shawne Williams. The move reunited them with Brandon Jennings, who they played with in Milwaukee. On 27 October they made their debut for the Pistons in a 106–94 win over the Atlanta Hawks, recording 16 points, seven rebounds, three assists and one block in 34 minutes.
Orlando Magic (2016)
On 16 February 2016, İlyasova was traded to the Orlando Magic, along with Brandon Jennings, in exchange for Tobias Harris. The next day, they made their debut with the Magic in a 110–104 win over the Dallas Mavericks, recording 16 points, five rebounds, two assists and one steal in 23 minutes.
Oklahoma City Thunder (2016)
On 23 June 2016, İlyasova was traded, along with Victor Oladipo and the draft rights to Domantas Sabonis, to the Oklahoma City Thunder in exchange for Serge Ibaka. They appeared in three games for the Thunder to begin the 2016–17 season.
Philadelphia 76ers (2016–2017)
On 1 November 2016, İlyasova was traded, along with a conditional first-round pick, to the Philadelphia 76ers in exchange for Jerami Grant. They made their debut for the 76ers the next day, scoring an equal team-high 14 points on 5-of-12 shooting in a 109–93 loss to the Charlotte Hornets. On 6 December they had season bests of 23 points and 17 rebounds in a 96–91 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies. They had a second 23-point game on 8 December against the New Orleans Pelicans, and a third 23-point game on 30 December against the Denver Nuggets—both resulting in wins. On 29 January 2017, they scored a season-high 31 points in a 121–108 loss to the Chicago Bulls.
Atlanta Hawks (2017–2018)
On 22 February 2017, İlyasova was traded again, this time to the Atlanta Hawks in exchange for Tiago Splitter, a protected 2017 second-round pick, and the option to swap a second-round pick.
On 21 July 2017, İlyasova re-signed with the Hawks. On 26 February 2018, they were waived by the Hawks.
Return to Philadelphia (2018)
On 28 February 2018, İlyasova signed with the Philadelphia 76ers, returning to the franchise for a second stint.
Fourth stint with Milwaukee (2018–2020)
On 16 July 2018, İlyasova signed with the Milwaukee Bucks, returning to the franchise for a third stint. On 16 December 2018, they sustained a fractured nose during practice, which required surgery.
On 19 November 2020, İlyasova was waived by Milwaukee.
Utah Jazz (2021)
On 11 March 2021, İlyasova signed with the Utah Jazz for the remainder of the season. On 17 April, İlyasova logged a season-high 20 points on 7-of-11 field goal shooting and 6-of-8 from three, in addition to five rebounds, four steals and two blocks across 31 minutes in a 115–127 overtime loss to the Los Angeles Lakers.
On 22 December 2021, İlyasova signed a 10-day contract with the Chicago Bulls. İlyasova entered the NBA's health and safety protocols on December 28, and did not play for the team before their contract expired.
Career statistics
NBA
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 66 || 14 || 14.7 || .383 || .365 || .787 || 2.9 || .7 || .4 || .3 || 6.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 81 || 31 || 23.4 || .443 || .336 || .715 || 6.4 || 1.0 || .7 || .3 || 10.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 60 || 34 || 25.1 || .436 || .298 || .894 || 6.1 || .9 || .9 || .4 || 9.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 60 || 41 || 27.6 || .492 || .455 || .781 || 8.8 || 1.2 || .7 || .7 || 13.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 73 || 54 || 27.6 || .462 || .444 || .796 || 7.1 || 1.6 || .9 || .5 || 13.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 55 || 47 || 26.9 || .409 || .282 || .823 || 6.2 || 1.3 || .8 || .1 || 11.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 58 || 36 || 22.7 || .472 || .389 || .645 || 4.8 || 1.0 || .6 || .3 || 11.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Detroit
| 52 || 52 || 27.6 || .425 || .363 || .725 || 5.4 || 1.1 || .7 || .5 || 11.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Orlando
| 22 || 4 || 20.3 || .418 || .409 || .711 || 5.5 || .5 || .6 || .3 || 8.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Oklahoma City
| 3 || 0 || 20.8 || .375 || .250 || .000 || 5.3 || .3 || 1.0 || .3 || 5.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Philadelphia
| 53 || 40 || 27.3 || .440 || .359 || .768 || 5.9 || 1.8 || .6 || .3 || 14.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 26 || 12 || 24.3 || .412 || .348 || .800 || 5.8 || 1.6 || .8 || .3 || 10.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 46 || 40 || 25.5 || .459 || .359 || .800 || 5.5 || 1.1 || 1.0 || .4 || 10.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Philadelphia
| 23 || 3 || 24.1 || .439 || .361 || .733 || 6.7 || 1.7 || .7 || .4 || 10.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 67 || 7 || 18.4 || .438 || .363 || .824 || 4.5 || .8 || .5 || .3 || 6.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 63 || 8 || 15.7 || .466 || .365 || .828 || 4.8 || .8 || .4 || .3 || 6.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 17 || 1 || 8.7 || .389 || .439 || 1.000 || 1.7 || .2 || .6 || .2 || 3.8
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 825 || 424 || 23.0 || .443 || .367 || .777 || 5.6 || 1.1 || .7 || .4 || 10.1
Playoffs
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2010
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 7 || 0 || 22.4 || .480 || .357 || .833 || 7.6 || .4 || .7 || .1 || 9.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2013
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 4 || 4 || 29.3 || .435 || .400 || 1.000 || 7.3 || 1.8 || 1.3 || .3 || 11.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2015
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 6 || 6 || 23.7 || .328 || .217 || .700 || 3.8 || .5 || .8 || .5 || 8.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017
| style="text-align:left;"| Atlanta
| 6 || 0 || 15.0 || .348 || .200 || .778 || 5.2 || .3 || .2 || .0 || 4.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018
| style="text-align:left;"| Philadelphia
| 10 || 1 || 23.3 || .429 || .290 || .571 || 7.6 || 1.3 || .7 || .4 || 9.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 15 || 0 || 18.1 || .432 || .300 || .800 || 4.7 || 1.4 || .7 || .4 || 6.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020
| style="text-align:left;"| Milwaukee
| 3 || 0 || 7.7 || .333 || .200 || 1.000 || 1.3 || .0 || .7 || .0 || 3.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 1 || 0 || 3.0 || .500 || .000 || 1.000 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 4.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 52 || 11 || 19.9 || .413 || .287 || .753 || 5.5 || .9 || .7 || .3 || 7.7
EuroLeague
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2004–05
| style="text-align:left;"| Ülkerspor
| 6 || 0 || 4.8 || .267 || .111 || .500 || .5 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 1.7 || - 1.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2007–08
| style="text-align:left;"| FC Barcelona
| 22 || 8 || 18.1 || .379 || .241 || .538 || 4.7 || .7 || .8 || 1.1 || 6.1 || 7.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2008–09
| style="text-align:left;"| FC Barcelona
| 22 || 15 || 20.8 || .457 || .403 || .816 || 7.0 || .8 || .5 || .6 || 10.5 || 13.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2011–12
| style="text-align:left;"| Anadolu Efes
| 8 || 8 || 20.7 || .482 || .353 || .593 || 5.5 || .9 || 1.5 || 1.5 || 9.5 || 13.6
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 58 || 31 || 18.1 || .426 || .323 || .667 || 5.2 || .7 || .7 || .8 || 7.8 || 9.4
National team career
Before playing for the senior Turkey national basketball team, İlyasova was named the MVP of the 2006 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship, after leading Turkey's junior national team to a silver medal in İzmir. İlyasova has since represented Turkey at the 2006 FIBA World Championship, EuroBasket 2007, EuroBasket 2009, 2010 FIBA World Championship, EuroBasket 2011, EuroBasket 2013 and EuroBasket 2015.
Personal life
İlyasova is the son of Crimean Tatar parents Anvar and Iraliye İlyasova.  They are married to Julia, who was born in Belarus. They have two daughters and one son, all born in Milwaukee. İlyasova is Muslim.
Citizenship and age
Since the 2003 Turkish Junior Basketball Championship held in Konya, there has been some controversy to İlyasova's age and national origin. The controversy is fueled by the claim that a man named Arsen Ilyasov, born in 1984 in Bukhara, Uzbekistan, entered Turkey as an 18-year-old on 7 August 2002 and was never heard from again, while on 19 September 2002, a man named Semsettin Bulut claimed to have forgotten to register the birth of their now 15-year-old son, and did so as Ersan İlyasova, a Turkish citizen. This claim, that İlyasova is actually Ilyasov and should be an Uzbek player, was officially put forth by the Uzbekistan Basketball Federation in a grievance, but FIBA ruled in the Turkish Basketball Federation's favor. While this controversy was brewing, ESPN's Chad Ford referred to Ilyasova as "The 17-year-old forward from Uzbekistan is widely considered the best prospect to ever come out of Turkey." Other biographies, while not claiming an Uzbek birth, still maintain a 1984 birth year.
References
External links
İlyasova's official website
Milwaukee Bucks bio
Euroleague.net profile
TBLStat.net profile
1987 births
Living people
2006 FIBA World Championship players
2010 FIBA World Championship players
2019 FIBA Basketball World Cup players
Anadolu Efes S.K. players
Atlanta Hawks players
Detroit Pistons players
FC Barcelona Bàsquet players
Liga ACB players
Milwaukee Bucks draft picks
Milwaukee Bucks players
National Basketball Association players from Turkey
Oklahoma City Thunder players
Orlando Magic players
Philadelphia 76ers players
Power forwards (basketball)
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Eskişehir
Tulsa 66ers players
Turkish expatriate basketball people in Spain
Turkish expatriate basketball people in the United States
Turkish men's basketball players
Turkish people of Crimean Tatar descent
Ülker G.S.K. basketball players
Utah Jazz players
Black Sigil: Blade of the Exiled is a role-playing video game for the Nintendo DS developed by Studio Archcraft, a video game developer which is based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Black Sigil was published by Graffiti Entertainment on June 9, 2009. The game was originally planned for release on Nintendo's Game Boy Advance system, but Studio Archcraft made the decision to move the game to the Nintendo DS as by the time the game was nearing completion, the GBA market was starting to dry up. When the game became well known around the Internet in 2006, it was called Project Exile.
Plot
Bel Lenora is a magical kingdom where everyone can use magic. A long time ago, a man who could not use magic named Vai entered Bel Lenora and brought about a great tragedy. At high cost to the kingdom, Vai was banished by one of the kingdom's Generals. Fifteen years after that event, a young man named Kairu ventures into Bel Lenora, and it is found that they are also unable to use magic.
Gameplay
Black Sigil: Blade of the Exiled is fully compatible with the DS touch screen and stylus. Players can choose to play the game completely using simple button, the stylus, or a combination of both. The game follows the traditional console RPG format dividing the game into different segments of exploration, combat, and plot scenes. The game allows for traditional data recording via "save points" as well as a quick-save feature which can be used at any time (but is not as reliable as a "real save"). An interview with Graffiti at E3 2009 confirmed that the game has seven endings along with many sidequests and NPC dialogue that changes each time the lead character changes.
Combat
The game is a console styled RPG, and features the traditional turn-based combat style that usually accompanies the genre. Where Black Sigil differs from most RPGs is its attempts to add a tactical aspect by requiring players to observe the positions of their characters and enemies in the field. Seven of the eight characters have a predetermined skill-set, and the eighth can be customized. Enemies are not visible during exploration as the game uses the traditional random encounter format.
Geography
The world of Black Sigil is quite large and contains anywhere from 50-60 locations. Over 1000 maps were made when the game was in production. Players can travel on the world map in various vehicles that are found throughout the game.
Characters
Kairu
The game's protagonist is a calm and collected young swordsman in the service of Duke Averay, the man who defeated the "magicless" General Vai long before the events of the game. A war-orphan taken in by the duke, but is unable to use magic which causes the people of Bel Lenora to mock them and view them as a threat. They only seem to open up to their younger sister, Aurora.
By orders of the King, Kairu is eventually exiled into the cave Vai was banished to after their defeat. The duke hands them the Averay blade before sealing the cave.
Kairu's weapon is the sword, and their element is Water.
Aurora
Daughter of Duke Averay; an assertive, and strong-willed, sorceress. Aurora usually looks out for their adopted brother, Kairu, even going as far as using their magic on those who insult them in their presence. When they are banished from Bel Lenora, they follow them into exile.
Aurora's weapon is the whip, and their magic element is Fire.
Nephi
A smooth-tongued stranger Kairu and Aurora run into at the beginning of their journey through Artania. They appear interested in Averay's sword that Kairu wields. Nephi helps the pair numerous times, and seems to especially care for Aurora, but they vanish mysteriously over and over again.
Nephi uses throwing weapons such as knives, darts and balls. Their element is Dark.
Isa
A white-haired woman who wields magic in the world of Artania, and currently works as a commander in the Genufan army. The Sammarkans refer to them as the "witch" but repeatedly fail to capture them Isa is quiet and aloof, but becomes especially sensitive whenever the subject of their home village is brought up.
Isa wields dual scimitars. Them magic element is Wind, and they have command over some powerful healing spells.
Vai
The only other person known in Bel Lenora to have no ability to use magic at all. 15 years before the beginning of the game, they betrayed Bel Lenora and led an army of demons and their worshippers against the kingdom.  They are a playable character as a member of the party.
Vai's weapon is the rapier; their element is Light.
Rogurd
A hearty treasure hunter who claims to be the best at the trade.  They are originally an upperclassman from the town of Tradefair. Rogurd ventures the land in search of a treasure they refer to as "IT". They have a rival named Gavin, who is also something of a friend, and the two repeatedly bump into each other in their hunt for "IT". Rogurd helps Kairu's group a couple of times before joining them.
Rogurd uses the axe as their weapon of choice. Their element is Earth.
Nym
A young Ashen Eye with the special ability to use summons in battles.
Nym's weapon is the javelin, and they can use special magic in battle.
Doll
An optional party member, in the form of a living Doll open to wide customization. Doll's skill set is determined by what they have equipped.  They are found in the doll factory east of the house of white stone entrance in the corridor of clouds.
Reception
The game received "mixed" reviews according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.
References
External links
Official website of Studio Archcraft
Graffiti Entertainment's Black Sigil: Blade of the Exiled page
Project Exile's message board at Studio Archcraft's forums
Black Sigil: Blade of the Exiled Hands-On Impression at RPGamer
Interview with Graffiti at E3 2009
Lead Art Designer's portfolio and art for Black Sigil
2009 video games
Cancelled Game Boy Advance games
Fantasy video games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Role-playing video games
Video games developed in Canada
Video games featuring female protagonists
Stairway to Heaven is a 2009 Philippine television drama romance series broadcast by GMA Network. The series is based on a 2003 South Korean television series of the same title. Directed by Joyce E. Bernal, Andoy Ranay and Mac Alejandre, it stars Dingdong Dantes and Rhian Ramos. It premiered on September 14, 2009, on the network's Telebabad line up replacing Adik Sa'Yo. The series concluded on December 11, 2009, with a total of 65 episodes.
The series was released on DVD by GMA Home Video and is streaming online on YouTube.
Cast and characters
Lead cast
Dingdong Dantes as Pocholo "Cholo" Fuentebella
Rhian Ramos as Jodi Reyes-Fuentebella / Jenna Cruz
Supporting cast
TJ Trinidad as Tristan Aragon / Charlie Matias
Glaiza de Castro as Eunice Aragon
Sandy Andolong as Zoila Fuentebella
Jestoni Alarcon as Jovan Reyes
Jean Garcia as Maita Aragon-Reyes
Soliman Cruz as Dindo Aragon
Karen delos Reyes as Bernadette "Badet" Mallari
Carlo Gonzalez as Enrico
Paul Holmes as John
Say Alonzo as Sheryl
Ricci Chan as Giorgio
Guest cast
Joshua Dionisio as young Cholo
Barbie Forteza as young Jodi
Jhake Vargas as young Tristan
Jhoana Marie Tan as young Eunice
Mosang as Violet
Nonie Buencamino as Rodolfo
Ratings
According to AGB Nielsen Philippines' Mega Manila household television ratings, the pilot episode of Stairway to Heaven earned a 33.5% rating. While the final episode scored a 30.7% rating.
Accolades
References
External links
2009 Philippine television series debuts
2009 Philippine television series endings
Filipino-language television shows
GMA Network drama series
Philippine romance television series
Philippine television series based on South Korean television series
Television shows set in the Philippines
The Girl in the Plain Brown Wrapper (1968) is the tenth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. The plot focuses on McGee's investigation of a beautiful young woman who is mysteriously losing their mind without any apparent physical or mental disease. Along the way, they discover various troubling facets to the small Florida town where they reside.
Summary
The back of the first edition states, "The incomparable Travis McGee is back in a brand-new adventure! Poking around where he's not wanted - as usual - McGee delves into the mystery of a rich and beautiful wanton who happens to losing their mind, a little piece at a time. As they probe, they uncover some of the strange corruptions that simmer behind the respectable facade of a quiet Florida town..."
Several years before the events of the novel, McGee had brief romance with a widow who was grieving the death of their husband. Years later, as they were dying of cancer, they mailed a letter to them asking McGee to watch out for their eldest daughter who was behaving oddly. McGee finds possible a connection to the death of a physician who treated the daughter, and uncovers an investment fraud scheme.
Title
The title phrase "girl in a plain brown wrapper" has a multiple meaning. It is used on page 214 of the first edition referring to the body of one of the female characters who was wrapped heavy brown paper to conceal their identity as McGee continues their investigation, and also alludes to a brown-skinned African-American hotel maid who gives vital assistance to McGee. At the time of the novel's publication, a package being delivered in a plain brown wrapper was also understood as implying erotic, illegal or potentially embarrassing material.
The McGee novels all had colors in their titles, a mnemonic device Macdonald invented to help readers recall which books in the series they had read.
References
1968 American novels
Travis McGee (novel series)
Novels set in Florida
Citizen Sparrow is an ongoing citizen science project in India in which members of the public are encouraged to contribute information on presence and absence of the house sparrow. It is organised by Bombay Natural History Society and Ministry of Environment and Forests (India) in partnership with the National Centre for Biological Sciences and Nature Conservation Foundation. Several other Indian Non Governmental Organisations collaborate with this project.
Aim of the project
Citizen Sparrow is a public participatory project in which all members of the public are encouraged to contribute information on presence and absence of the house sparrow. This project is motivated by the observation that house sparrows have declined in many parts of India, while in a few other parts their numbers are reported to be stable. Citizen Sparrow project provides a website where registered members can upload observations of presence and absence of house sparrow from different locations and for different time period. All the observational records are plotted on a map.
Duration of the project
This project is planned to run for two months, that is, from 1 April 2012 to 31 May 2012. This project aimed to collect information and to answer few questions such as, where are sparrows still found in India? Where were they found before? Where have they declined the most? Have they actually increased in some place? At the end of the project a summary of the findings will be prepared and published online as a report. The patterns uncovered by the Citizen Sparrow project will be subsequently used to investigate change in sparrow population in more detail in India.
Gallery
References
External links
http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Delhi/article3287189.ece
http://www.thehindu.com/sci-tech/energy-and-environment/article3307631.ece
Science education in India
Sparrows
Shin Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 1.3 km2. The dam impounds about 6 ha of land when full and can store 400 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1918.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
Cenodocus granulosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1866. It is known from Malaysia and Borneo.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1866
The Battle of Novara (also known as the battle of Ariotta) was a battle of the War of the League of Cambrai fought on 6 June 1513, near Novara, in Northern Italy. A French attacking force was routed by allied Milanese–Swiss troops, the consequence of which was that France was forced to withdraw entirely from Italy.
Prelude
The French had been victorious at the Battle of Ravenna the previous year. Nevertheless, the French under King Louis XII were driven out of the city of Milan the following month by the Holy League.
Following the French removal from Milan, Swiss mercenaries installed Maximilian Sforza as Duke of Milan on 29 December 1512.
In June 1513, the French army, consisting of more than 20,000 under Louis de la Trémoille, besieged the city of Novara, which was held by Swiss mercenaries.
Battle
By June 1513, most of the western part of the duchy of Milan had been occupied by the French. After marching to Novara the night before, the French were surprised at dawn by a Swiss relief army of some 12,000 troops. The German Landsknechte, pike-armed like the Swiss, were able to form up into heavy squares and offered stiff resistance to the Swiss attack, while the French were able to deploy some of their artillery. Despite this, the Swiss onslaught, sweeping in from multiple directions due to forced marches which achieved encirclement of the French camp, took the French guns, pushed back the Landsknecht infantry regiments, and destroyed the Landsknecht squares. Caught off guard, the French heavy cavalry was unable to properly deploy, fled the field, and left the baggage train to the Swiss.
Aftermath
The battle was particularly bloody, with at least 5,000 casualties on the French side, and 1,500 for the Swiss pikemen, mostly suffered from the French artillery as the Swiss forces moved into the attack. Additionally, after the battle, the Swiss executed the hundreds of German Landsknecht mercenaries they had captured who had fought for the French. Having routed the French army, the Swiss were unable to launch a close pursuit because of their lack of cavalry, several contingents of Swiss mercenaries did follow the French withdrawal all the way to Dijon before the French paid them off to leave France. The Swiss captured 22 French guns.
The French defeat forced Louis XII to withdraw from Milan and Italy.
Notes
References
Bibliography
External links
Complete list of captains present in the battle
1513 in Italy
Novara 1513
Novara 1513
Novara 1513
Novara 1513
Novara 1513
Edward Saddler (date of birth unknown, died 28 October 1874) was an Australian cricketer. They played three first-class matches for New South Wales between 1855/56 and 1861/62.
See also
List of New South Wales representative cricketers
References
External links
Year of birth missing
1874 deaths
Australian cricketers
New South Wales cricketers
Place of birth missing
Mark August Stoermer (born June 28, 1977) is an American musician and songwriter.  They are best known as the bassist for the rock band the Killers, with whom they have recorded six studio albums.
In addition to their work with the Killers, Stoermer has released three solo albums, Another Life in 2011, Dark Arts in 2016, and Filthy Apes and Lions in 2017. Stoermer also joined the Smashing Pumpkins to tour in support of the band's ninth studio album, Monuments to an Elegy (2014), and produced Howling Bells' third studio album The Loudest Engine (2011).
Early life
Mark August Stoermer was born in Houston, Texas, to a German Australian father who was a physician and a big-band-style musician and an American mother who was a nurse. They moved to Las Vegas when Stoermer was three years old.
Stoermer graduated in 1995 from Chaparral High School, where they played trumpet in the jazz ensemble. Their early musical influences included hip hop bands such as Public Enemy and N.W.A and later rock bands such as Nirvana, the Beatles, the Who and Pink Floyd. Stoermer played lead guitar for a number of local bands including Habit Rouge and the Negative Ponies. Before the Killers got signed, Stoermer worked as a medical courier. Stoermer also studied philosophy and music at UNLV.
Stoermer has been dubbed 'The Gentle Giant' by bandmates and fans due to their quiet but kind nature, and because they are 6 feet 5 inches.
Career
The Killers (2002–present)
It was while playing guitar with the Negative Ponies that Stoermer met Brandon Flowers and Dave Keuning, who were performing as an early incarnation of the Killers. They were a fan of the band's unique sound and was often present at the band's gigs. "They even asked me to join the band as a guitar player, because originally – at least according to Dave – they wanted to build a five-piece, possibly more like the Strokes with a keyboard," said Stoermer in 2016. "I was first asked to be a second guitar player and I casually mentioned I also play bass. And then one day I got the call from Dave." In September 2002 they were offered the opportunity to become the band's permanent bass player, they accepted and completed the band's lineup along with Ronnie Vannucci Jr. The band's six albums each reached No. 1 on the United Kingdom Albums Chart and garnered the band seven GRAMMY Award nominations and seven BRIT Award nominations.
Production work and collaborations (2010–present)
In 2010, Stoermer produced rock band Howling Bells' third studio album, The Loudest Engine. The album was recorded at Battle Born Studios in Las Vegas, Nevada, and was released in September 2011.
On September 24, 2014, Stoermer performed "Let It Down" and "Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll)" with Dhani Harrison on Conan during George Harrison week.
In late 2014 and early 2015, Stoermer played bass guitar on tour with the Smashing Pumpkins along with Billy Corgan, Jeff Schroeder and Brad Wilk. A Smashing Pumpkins fan since their teen years, Stoermer received a call from Corgan – who had become a casual acquaintance after their respective bands played a few shows together in recent years – to join the touring line-up in support of the Smashing Pumpkins' then-new album Monuments to an Elegy. The strength of the new material convinced Stoermer to accept the offer. "In addition to the nostalgia aspect, I also had to hear the new music, which I think is great. If the new music wasn't up to par, I wouldn't be doing it. I felt like, yeah, it was one of those things I had to do", they said.
On December 1, 2014, Stoermer performed "Maida Vale" with Smashing Pumpkins on BBC Radio 6. On December 11, 2014, they performed "Being Beige" with Smashing Pumpkins on Jimmy Kimmel Live. On April 3, 2015, they performed "Drum + Fife" with the Smashing Pumpkins on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
Hiatus with the Killers (2016–present)
On May 24, 2016, the Killers announced that Stoermer was taking a break from touring "to pursue other educational goals and releasing a solo album." The statement emphasized that Stoermer was still involved in working on the band's fifth album, and that they may still occasionally perform live with them in the future. Stoermer elaborated further in an interview: "I'm taking a class online right now. The reason why I'm doing that is to take a break, but not exclusively. It's a combination of a lot of things. I've been doing the Killers since 2003 and I think about a thousand shows. I just needed to step away a while from that." Stoermer performed with the band at their 2017 Glastonbury Festival appearance, as well as at the Vegas Strong benefit show that December. Stoermer also appeared with the band as a part of their appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live in April 2019.
Solo career
Another Life (2011)
The debut studio album Another Life was released on November 1, 2011, as a self-release on St. August Records. It was available for free download via markstoermer.com and sold on CD and vinyl on January 24, 2012. It was also released on iTunes the same day along with two bonus tracks. Stoermer recorded the album in early 2011 with the help of Glenn Moule and Joel Stein, from Howling Bells, and Jason Hill from Louis XIV. The album was mixed by Robert Root and mastered by Bob Ludwig.
Dark Arts (2016)
Dark Arts was released on August 5, 2016, as a self-release on St. August Records. The album was written and produced by Stoermer. David Hopkins was also involved in writing and production. The album was mixed and engineered by Robert Root.
The first single "Spare the Ones that Weep" was released on July 22, 2016. Soon after the second single "Are Your Stars Out?" was released on July 29, 2016, and was featured on Billboard along with an interview in which Stoermer talked about their inspiration for the song's lyrics. The album was sold digitally, on CD, and on vinyl.
Stoermer talked about their idea for writing "Dark Arts" with Interview Magazine: "I wanted to do at least one [record] that was an album experience, even though the days of the album experience may be over. If anything, it may be a tribute to those times... Maybe someone out there will have that experience with this album."
Soaked in sixties psychedelic foundations, the album is noticeably different from the work they are known for in the Killers.
Blood and Guts / Beautiful Deformities 7-inch (2016)
The Blood and Guts / Beautiful Deformities 7-inch was a limited edition vinyl released for Halloween 2016 with only 100 copies made that were decorated with one of ten unique designs and only ten of each design was produced. The release featured the single Blood and Guts (The Anatomy Lesson) on one side, and Beautiful Deformities (The Monastic Controversy) on the other. 100 additional copies were manufactured and given away to fans through the Secret Door, a hidden page on Mark's website, initiated as a "thank you" note. These copies didn't have the same picture disc artwork as the other 100 copies.
Shows
In support of Dark Arts, Stoermer invited several musicians to form the Hownds, a five-person band including David Hopkins (keyboards), Nigel Ledgerwood (rhythm guitar), Ben Lecourt (drums) and Erik Paparozzi (bass). They performed five shows in Las Vegas and Los Angeles.
Filthy Apes and Lions (2017)
Filthy Apes and Lions was released on vinyl on October 13, and digitally and on CD on November 17, 2017 through Stoermer's label St. August Records. The title track "Filthy Apes and Lions" was the first single released on October 13, 2017. "Beautiful Deformities" was the second single, released on November 11, 2017.
Filthy Apes and Lions was written and produced by Mark Stoermer and David Hopkins with Robert Root. The album was mixed and engineered by Robert Root. Sprinkled with sixties psychedelic foundations, jazz fusion, and progressive rock, the album is very different from the work they are known for in the Killers.
Stoermer talked about the songwriting process behind the single "Filthy Apes and Lions": I was doing a stream-of-consciousness, surrealistic exercise where you just write out whatever's on the top of your head, and then I started creating rhymes, not really knowing where I was going, and then that's where I got the lyrics for the song [...] "Filthy Apes and Lions."
Artistry
Playing style
Stoermer mainly plays with a pick. They say "I love the punch and grit of a pick. . . I do a lot of unconscious palm muting. I love how you can instantly get that clunky tone with shorter notes. It's a great sound." They try to play the bass as a "half percussive. . . half melodic instrument". Stoermer feels that "You can add to a song's melodic side without taking away from the vocals. That's my favorite kind of bass playing." Their signature bass playing is featured prominently in the Killers' debut and sophomore albums.
While their aggressive playing was a focal point in the Killers' first two albums, Stoermer's playing became more funk-driven in Day & Age, and much more reserved and subtle in Battle Born. Their style of playing has influenced many other bands and even a genre of music in bass-driven New Wave-synth rock.
Stoermer was featured on the cover of Bass Guitar Magazine in June 2009 and has been interviewed by other major bass guitar publications including Bass Player Magazine.
Stoermer is widely recognized for their signature tone: an overdriven signal using two modified BOSS Blues Driver pedals fed into separate amplifiers using high top-end frequencies to produce a trebly but thick, cutting sound while retaining excellent bass response, similar to that of Chris Squire (bassist of the band Yes).
Stoermer is also noted for heavily accenting their notes to produce string popping, as well as their use of jumping between octaves.
Influences
Stoermer cites influences such as Noel Redding of the Jimi Hendrix Experience, John Entwistle of the Who, and Paul McCartney of the Beatles and solo. They also list the Cure, U2, and New Order as influences.
Equipment
Basses:
Fender Jazz Basses (Geddy Lee signature model)
Rickenbacker 4001 Bass
Gibson SG Bass (Very rarely used)
Fender Vintage Precision Bass
Guild Starfire Bass
Höfner 500/1
During the recording of Hot Fuss, Stoermer had been using a Fender Geddy Lee Jazz Bass for their main bass, but had switched over to a vintage Fender Precision Bass and Rickenbacker 4001 for the recording of Sam's Town. After recording and touring for Sam's Town had concluded, they switched back to the Geddy Lee as their primary bass and started broadening their equipment repertoire, using other basses for the recording of Day & Age, such as the Starfire for "This is Your Life" and the Höfner 500/1 on "Joy Ride".
Guitars:
Gibson SG – On the Song "For Reasons Unknown"
Gibson ES-335 (Occasionally used instead of the SG for live performances of "For Reasons Unknown"; this instrument belongs to and is a backup instrument of bandmate Dave Keuning's)
Gibson J-45 Acoustic Guitar
Gibson SJ-200 Acoustic Guitar
All are strung with medium-gauge GHS Bass Boomers. Basses are tuned to standard or down a 1/2 step (Drop-Db on the song "Sam's Town"), and guitars tuned a 1/2 step down to Eb for playing the rhythm portions of "For Reasons Unknown" during live performances.
Gear:
Ampeg SVT Classic Head and 8x10" SVT Cabinets
Hiwatt Custom 200 Head (one dirty, one clean) and Hiwatt SE-1510 4x10+1x15 cabs (x2, one rig with effects, one clean)
Fender Deville 2x12"
BOSS DS-1 distortion pedal
BOSS GE-7 EQ pedal
Big Muff Sovtek Big Muff pedal (for live performances of 'Andy, You're a Star')
BOSS BD-2 Blues Driver (modified) (x2)
BOSS GEB-7 Bass EQ (for volume boost)
TC Electronic chorus/flanger
MXR Phase 100
Big Muff pi (electro harmonix keeley modded)
Zaolla Artist and Zaolla Silverline series cables as instrument leads, cable speakers, and cable snakes
Picks: Dunlop Nylon – 1.00 mm
Filmography
Television
Discography
Solo albums
Another Life (2011)
Dark Arts (2016)
Filthy Apes and Lions (2017)
Other appearances
The Synthetic Love of Emotional Engineering (2013) – Vicky Cryer
"Your Love Is Not Enough", "A Spade Is A Spade" (2014–15) – Bombay Heavy
Awards and nominations
References
External links
The Killers official site, from Island Records
The Killers official site (U.K.), from the Vertigo label
1977 births
Living people
American rock bass guitarists
American male bass guitarists
People from Houston
The Killers members
American people of Australian descent
American people of German descent
Alternative rock bass guitarists
People from Las Vegas
Musicians from Las Vegas
Guitarists from Nevada
21st-century American bass guitarists
Álvaro Rey Vázquez (born 11 July 1989) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a winger for Deportivo de La Coruña.
Club career
Rey was born in Seville, Andalusia. In the summer of 2010, after playing with both Real Betis' reserve teams, they signed for Gimnàstic de Tarragona in Segunda División. They made their official debut on 31 October, featuring five minutes in a 1–1 home draw against Córdoba CF, and spent the vast majority of their first professional season switching between Gimnàstic and its farm team, CF Pobla de Mafumet.
On 4 December 2010, Rey started for Nàstic for the first time, in a 1–2 home defeat to Villarreal CF B. They scored their first goal for the Catalans on 21 January 2012, the only in the home match against Elche CF, but they eventually suffered relegation.
After two seasons with Gimnàstic, Rey was released. On 17 July 2012, they joined Xerez CD on a two-year contract.
The club dropped two levels at the end of the 2012–13 campaign due to financial irregularities, and subsequently Rey went on trial with Toronto FC of the Major League Soccer, appearing in a reserve team match and agreeing to a deal on 25 July 2013. They scored their first goal for their new club on 28 September, in a 4–1 win over D.C. United.
On 6 June 2014, Rey was traded to Columbus Crew for Dominic Oduro. Their contract was terminated by mutual consent on 15 July, after alleging personal reasons, and they signed with AD Alcorcón later the same day.
On 14 February 2017, Rey agreed to a six-month contract at Super League Greece side Panetolikos FC. On 16 July, they moved to the Polish Ekstraklasa with Arka Gdynia.
Career statistics
References
External links
Beticopedia profile
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Seville
Spanish footballers
Association football wingers
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Betis Deportivo Balompié footballers
CF Pobla de Mafumet footballers
Gimnàstic de Tarragona footballers
Xerez CD footballers
AD Alcorcón footballers
Real Murcia players
Racing de Ferrol footballers
CD Mirandés footballers
Deportivo de La Coruña players
Major League Soccer players
Toronto FC players
Columbus Crew players
Super League Greece players
Panetolikos F.C. players
Ekstraklasa players
Arka Gdynia players
Bolivian Primera División players
Club Bolívar players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Poland
Expatriate footballers in Bolivia
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Poland
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Bolivia
Loulouni is a small town and rural commune in the Cercle of Kadiolo in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali. The commune covers an area of 1,052 square kilometers and includes the town and 28 villages. In the 2009 census it had a population of 38,919. The town of Loulouni, the administrative center (chef-lieu) of the commune, is 41 km north-northeast of Kadiolo on the RN7, the main road between Sikasso and Ouangolodougou in the Ivory Coast. It lies close to Mount Tenakourou on the border with Burkina Faso, the highest point of that country.
References
External links
.
Communes of Sikasso Region
Un Chau () is one of the 25 constituencies in the Sham Shui Po District of Hong Kong.
It was first created for the 1994 District Board election and was abolished in 2011 due to the redevelopment of Un Chau Estate and the resettlement of the population. It was re-created from Un Chau & So Uk for the 2019 District Council elections. The constituency returns one district councillor to the Sham Shui Po District Council, with an election every four years.
Un Chau loosely covers part of the public housing estate Un Chau Estate in Cheung Sha Wan. It has projected population of 18,422.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
2000s
1990s
References
Cheung Sha Wan
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Sham Shui Po District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
1994 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 1994
Myco may refer to:
Myco (programming), a framework for developing software applications in the Perl programming language
Myco (singer) (born 1979), Japanese singer
Henry-Robert Brésil (1952–1999) was a Haitian painter. Hailing from Gonaïves, Brésil typically painted landscapes. Their work has been exhibited in the United States, Puerto Rico, France, Italy, and Switzerland and has received recognition from the New York Times and the Miami Herald.
References
1952 births
Haitian artists
Haitian painters
Haitian male painters
1999 deaths
Anna Freeman (born 1954) is a trumpet player and Professor of Trumpet and Brass Chamber Music at Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln in Germany. They were a soloist with Australian symphony orchestras and performed with the Australian Chamber Orchestra.
Early life
Freeman was born in 1954 in Drouin, Victoria, Australia, and studied at Victorian College of the Arts (now part of the University of Melbourne), earning a Diploma of Performing Arts in 1976. They became a lecturer at Canberra Institute of the Arts (now part of Australian National University) and the Victorian College of the Arts. They travelled to Europe (Schola Cantorum Basiliensis in Switzerland) and was Guest Principal Trumpet with the Zurich Chamber Orchestra.
In 1999, they became Professor of Trumpet and Head of Brass at the Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln in Aachen, Germany. They have also taught at Switzerland's Musikhochschule Winterthur in Zurich. They released CDs and published their trumpet method in a book called Beyond Brass Basics, A Guide to Common Sense Brass Playing (Spaeth/Schmid Verlag). They perform concerts and recitals and records around the world including Europe, USA, New Zealand, Japan, and Australia.
Discography
"Baroque Trumpet and Strings"
Supported by Australian baroque string and keyboard players, Freeman's CD covers repertoire from a diverse group of eight composers. Performers include the following:
Linda Kent - organ
Anna Freeman - baroque trumpet
Julie Hewison - first violin
Lucinda Moon - second violin
Miriam Morris - cello
Jenny Ingram - viola
References
External links
Living people
Australian trumpeters
Musicians from Victoria (Australia)
1954 births
Australian women musicians
Hochschule für Musik und Tanz Köln faculty
University of Melbourne alumni
University of Melbourne faculty
Australian National University faculty
21st-century trumpeters
21st-century women musicians
Women music educators
Women trumpeters
Morgram (also spelled Moregram) is a village and gram panchayat in the Sagardighi CD block in the Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.
Geography
Location
Morgram is located at .
Villages in Morgram gram panchayat are: Morgram, Dumaipur, Gangadda, Udaynagar, Sitalpara, Kharugram, Buzrak Fatepur, Pauli, Thakurpara, Ekrakhi, Bhola, Kaiar, Saorail, Gokulta, Chak Mathurpur, Surjyapur, Bhurkunda, and Nachna.
Area overview
Jangipur subdivision is crowded with 52 census towns and as such it had to be presented in two location maps. One of the maps can be seen alongside. The subdivision is located in the Rarh region that is spread over from adjoining Santhal Pargana division of Jharkhand. The land is slightly higher in altitude than the surrounding plains and is gently undulating.The river Ganges, along with its distributaries, is prominent in both the maps. At the head of the subdivision is the 2,245 m long Farakka Barrage, one of the largest projects of its kind in the country.Murshidabad district shares with Bangladesh a porous international border which is notoriously crime prone (partly shown in this map).The subdivision has two large power plants - the 2,100 MW Farakka Super Thermal Power Station and the 1,600 MW Sagardighi Thermal Power Station.According to a 2016 report, there are around 1,000,000 (1 million/ ten lakh) workers engaged in the beedi industry in Jangipur subdivision. 90% are home-based and 70% of the home-based workers are women.As of 2013, an estimated 2.4 million people reside along the banks of the Ganges alone in Murshidabad district. Severe erosion occurs along the banks.
Note: The two maps present some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the maps are linked in the larger full screen maps.
Demographics
Morgram had a population of 3,454 out of which 1,971 belonged to scheduled castes.
Transport
Morgam is an important 3 way Intersection (road) or roadways junction of Murshidabad district. It is on National Highway 12 (old numbering NH 34). Morgram is one end terminus for National Highway 14, (old numbering NH 60), of which Panagarh–Morgram Highway is a part. The State Highway 7 (West Bengal) passes through Morgram. Morgram railway station is situated on Nalhati–Azimganj branch line of Howrah railway division.
References
Villages in Murshidabad district
Sorce is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Freda Wright-Sorce (1955–2005), wife of Don Geronimo
Nathalie Sorce (born 1979), Belgian singer
Italian-language surnames
Traditional Korean medicine (known in North Korea as Koryo medicine) refers to the forms of traditional medicine practiced in Korea.
History
Korean medicine traditions originated in ancient and prehistoric times and can be traced back as far as 3000 B.C. when stone and bone needles were found in North Hamgyong Province, in present-day North Korea. Korean medicine originated from China. In Gojoseon, where the founding myth of Korea is recorded, there is a story of a tiger and a bear who wanted to reincarnate in human form and who ate wormwood and garlic. In Jewang Ungi (제왕운기), which was written around the time of Samguk Yusa, wormwood and garlic are described as 'edible medicine', showing that, even in times when incantatory medicine was the mainstream, medicinal herbs were given as curatives in Korea. Medicinal herbs at this time were used as remedial treatment such as easing the pain or tending injury, along with knowing what foods were good for health.
In the period of the Three Kingdoms, traditional Korean medicine was mainly influenced by other traditional medicines such as ancient Chinese medicine. In the Goryeo dynasty, a more intense investigation of domestic herbs took place: The result was the publication of numerous books on domestic herbs. Medical theories at this time were based on the medicine of Song dynasty, but prescriptions were based on the medicine of the Unified Silla period such as the medical text First Aid Prescriptions Using Native Ingredients or Hyangyak Gugeupbang (향약구급방), which was published in 1236. Other medical journals were published during this period like Introductory Guide to Medicine for the General Public or Jejungiphyobang (제중입효방).
Medicine flourished in the period of the Joseon. For example, the first training system of nurses was instituted under King Taejong (1400–1418), while under the reign of King Sejong the Great (1418–1450) measures were adopted to promote the development of a variety of Korean medicinal ingredients. These efforts were systematized and published in the Hyangyak Jipseongbang (향약집성방, 1433), which was completed and included 703 Korean native medicines, providing an impetus to break away from dependence on Chinese medicine. The medical encyclopaedia named Classified Collection of Medical Prescriptions (醫方類聚, 의방유취), which included many classics from traditional chinese medicine, written by Kim Ye-mong (金禮蒙, 김예몽) and other Korean official doctors from 1443 to 1445, was regarded as one of the greatest medical texts of the 15th century. It included more than 50,000 prescriptions and incorporated 153 different Korean and Chinese texts, including the Concise Prescriptions of Royal Doctors (御醫撮要方, 어의촬요방) which was written by Choi Chong-jun (崔宗峻, 최종준) in 1226. Classified Collection of Medical Prescriptions has very important research value, because it keeps the contents of many ancient Korean and Chinese medical books that had been lost for a long time.
After this, many books on medical specialties were published. There are three physicians from the Joseon Dynasty (1392–1910) who are generally credited with further development of traditional Korean medicine—Heo Jun, Saam, and Lee Je-ma. After the Japanese invasion in 1592, Dongeui Bogam (동의보감) was written by Heo Jun, the first of the major physicians. This work further integrated the Korean and Chinese medicine of its time and was influential to Chinese, Japanese and Vietnamese medicine.
The next major influence to traditional Korean medicine is related to Sasang typology (사상의학). Lee Je-ma and their book, The Principal of Life Preservation in Oriental Medicine (東醫壽世保元, 동의수세보원) systematically theorized with the influence of Korean Confucianism and their clinical experiences in Korea. Lee Je-ma said that even if patients suffer the same illness, patients need to use different herbal applications to treat the same illness due to the pathophysiologies of individuals. They stress that the health of human body had a close relationship with the state of mind. They believed that the human mind and body were not separate and they closely reflected each other, and the aspect of mind needed to be considered when examining the causes of disease. Thus, not only food and natural environment but also emotional changes in humans can be another major reason for illness. They believed that medical diagnosis and treatment should be based on person's typology rather than on symptoms alone and each person should be given different prescriptions depending on the constitution of the individual. Sasang typology (사상의학) focuses on the individual patients based on different reactions to disease and herbs. Treat illness by the treatment of the root cause through proper diagnosis. Key to this diagnosis is to first determine the internal organs or pathophysiology of each patient.
The next recognized individual is Saam, a priest-physician who is believed to have lived during the 16th century. Although there is much unknown about Saam, including their real name and date of birth, it is recorded that they studied under the famous monk Samyang. They developed a system of acupuncture that employs the five element theory.
In the late Joseon dynasty, positivism was widespread. Clinical evidence was used more commonly as the basis for studying disease and developing cures. Scholars who had turned away from politics devoted themselves to treating diseases and, in consequence, new schools of traditional medicine were established. Simple books on medicine for the common people were published.
Lee Je-ma classified human beings into four main types, based on the emotion that dominated their personality and developed treatments for each type:
Tae-Yang (태양, ) or "greater yang"
So-Yang (소양, ) or "lesser yang"
Tae-Eum (태음, ) or "greater yin"
So-Eum (소음, ) or "lesser yin"
A study focused on the examination of traditional Korean medicine during the Covid pandemic has concluded that "traditional Korean medicine homecare services could function as a viable alternative for continued medical care disrupted during the coronavirus disease 19 pandemic."
Methods
Herbal medicine
Herbalism is the study and practice of using plant material for the purpose of food, medicine, or health. They may be flowers, plants, shrubs, trees, moss, lichen, fern, algae, seaweed or fungus. The plant may be used in its entirety or with only specific parts. In each culture or medical system there are different types of herbal practitioners: professional and lay herbalists, plant gatherers, and medicine makers.
Herbal medicines may be presented in many forms including fresh, dried, whole, or chopped. Herbs may be prepared as infusions when an herb is soaked in a liquid or decocted—simmered in water over low heat for a certain period. Some examples of infusion are chamomile or peppermint, using flowers, leaves and powdered herbs. Decocting examples may be rose hips, cinnamon bark, and licorice root consisting of fruits, seeds, barks, and roots. Fresh and dried herbs can be tinctured where herbs are kept in alcohol or contained in a vinegar extract. They can be preserved as syrups such as glycerites in vegetable glycerin or put in honey known as miels. Powdered and freeze dried herbs can be found in bulk, tablets, troches similar to a lozenge, pastes, and capsules.
Non-oral herbal uses consist of creams, baths, oils, ointments, gels, distilled waters, washes, poultices, compresses, snuffs, steams, inhaled smoke and aromatics volatile oils.
Many herbalists consider the patient's direct involvement to be critical. These methods are delivered differently depending on the herbal traditions of each area. Nature is not necessarily safe; special attention should be used when grading quality, deciding a dosage, realizing possible effects, and any interactions with herbal medications.
An example of herbal medicine is the use of medicinal mushrooms as a food and as a tea. A notable mushroom used in traditional Korean medicine is Phellinus linteus known as Song-gen.
Acupuncture
Acupuncture is used to withdraw blood or stimulate certain points on humans and animals by inserting them on specific pressure points of the body. Traditional acupuncture involves the belief that a "life force" (qi) circulates within the body in lines called meridians. Scientific investigation has not found any histological or physiological evidence for traditional Chinese concepts such as qi, meridians, and acupuncture points, and many modern practitioners no longer support the existence of life force energy (qi) flowing through meridians, which was a major part of early belief systems. Pressure points can be stimulated through a mixture of methods ranging from the insertion and withdrawal of very small needles to the use of heat, known as moxibustion. Pressure points can also be stimulated by laser, massage, and electrical means.
Moxibustion
Moxibustion is a technique in which heat is applied to the body with a stick or a cone of burning mugwort. The tool is placed over the affected area without burning the skin. The cone or stick can also be placed over a pressure point to stimulate and strengthen the blood.
A Cochrane Review found limited evidence for the use of moxibustion in correcting breech presentation of babies, and called for more experimental trials. Moxibustion has also been studied for the treatment of pain, cancer, stroke, ulcerative colitis, constipation, and hypertension. Systematic reviews have found that these studies are of low quality and positive findings could be due to publication bias.
Education
Graduate School of Korean Medicine
The South Korean government established a national school of traditional Korean medicine to establish its national treasure on a solid basis after the closing of the first modern educational facility (Dong-Je medical school) one hundred years ago by the Japanese invasion.
In 2008, the School of Korean Medicine was established inside Pusan National University with the 50 undergraduate students on the Yangsan medical campus. The new affiliated Korean Medical Hospital and Research Center for Clinical Studies are under construction.
Compared with common private traditional medicine undergraduate schools (6 years), this is a special graduate school (4+4).
General Hospital of Koryo Medicine
Koryo medicine is a form of traditional medicine used in North Korea and promoted by the North Korean government, providing half of the reported healthcare in the country. It is largely practised in the General Hospital of Koryo Medicine, Pyongyang. Examples of Koryo medicine sold commercially are Kumdang-2 and Royal Blood-Fresh, sold by the Pugang Pharmaceutic Company, both of which are popular with Chinese tourists to North Korea.
See also
Dongui Bogam
Ginseng
Kampo
Korean philosophy
List of forms of alternative medicine
List of topics characterized as pseudoscience
Pharmacognosy
Sasang typology
Traditional Chinese medicine
Yakchim
Notes
References
External links
The Federation of Electrical Workers' Unions of Japan (, Denroren) was a trade union representing workers in the power generation industry in Japan.
The union was established in 1954 by various local unions, most of which had previously been affiliated with the Japan Electric Industry Labor Union, which was dissolved in 1952. It was a founding affiliate of the Japanese Confederation of Labour and by 1967, it had 128,939 members. In 1981, it merged into a new organization, The Federation of Electric Power Related Industry Workers' Unions of Japan.
References
Energy industry trade unions
Trade unions established in 1954
Trade unions disestablished in 1981
Trade unions in Japan
Edicson Ruiz Bioeng (born 11 May 1985 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan double-bass player. At age 17, Ruiz became the youngest member of the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra, the second in the Philharmonic history after a harp player in the 19th century; they are also the first Hispanic-American musician to join the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra.
Ruiz started their musical career at age 11 when they joined the Venezuelan network of youth orchestras, known as El Sistema. In 2001, they were awarded the first prize in the youth solo competition at the International Society of Bassists convention, held in Indianapolis. After their first concert in Germany, they were offered a place in the Berlin Philharmonic, becoming a full member after one year of training.
References
External links
Berlin Philharmonic
1985 births
Living people
People from Caracas
Players of the Berlin Philharmonic
Venezuelan classical musicians
21st-century double-bassists
SS Jan Pieterszoon Coen was a Dutch passenger ship named after a former Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies that was scuttled as a blockship during the German invasion of the Netherlands in May 1940 in the port of IJmuiden, North Holland to prevent the German Navy from entering the port.
Construction
SS Jan Pieterszoon Coen was ordered on 27 December 1912 and laid down on 14 October 1913 at the Nederlandsche Scheepsbouw Maatschappij shipyard in Amsterdam, Netherlands. Christened by Miss Cornelia Anna Clasina den Tex the ship was launched on 30 September 1914. They were completed and acquired on 17 June 1915 making their maiden voyage on 11 September 1915.
The ship was length overall, registered length, with a beam of , draft and a depth molded to the shelter deck of . They were registered at with deadweight capacity calculated at 6,950 and displacement at 15,600 tons. Jan Pieterszoon Coen had seven decks, three continuous the full length of the ship, with a shelter deck. Eight watertight bulkheads divided the ship into nine watertight compartments with ten watertight doors capable of being closed remotely from the bridge.
Eight single ended forced draft Scotch boilers with two furnaces each provided steam for two triple expansion engines with an indicated horsepower (IHP) of 6,000, registry showing nominal horsepower (NHP) of 1,364, driving twin screw propellers. Boilers and engines were manufactured by Nederlandche Fabrik van Werktuigen and SpoorwegMaterieel, Amsterdam. The ship was electrically lighted throughout with some electrical auxiliaries including one steering engine, another being steam driven as were the cargo working winches.
As built the ship had accommodation for 202 first class passengers in 107 cabins and four suites, 128 second class passengers in 49 cabins, 46 third class passengers in 16 cabins and 42 fourth class passengers. First class passengers had access to a deck saloon, a verandah cafe, smoking room, nursery, gymnasium, photographic dark room and a 138-seat dining saloon. The crew was 161.
Navigation and safety equipment included wireless and submarine signals (bells) and fourteen boats, two powered, sufficient for all persons aboard.
Early career
Sea trials
After being completed in June 1915, Jan Pieterszoon Coen became the new flagship of the Stoomvaart Maatschappij Nederland and was also the largest ship ever to be built in the Netherlands at the time. They completed their sea trials in IJmuiden in June 1915 with several passengers aboard, including the company's president J.B.A Jonckheer, four ministers with their spouses, the Mayor of Amsterdam with their spouse and two law enforcers. There were also a high number of officials, important business relation officials and the supervisory boards and the boards of shipyard and shipping company of the SMN.
The ship's Master at the time was Captain H.G.J Uylkens who led the ship to open seas together with the tugboat Cycloop van Zurmülen. The ship sailed South past Zandvoort, Katwijk, Noordwijk and Scheveningen. During lunch however, a submarine was spotted by the guests and crew. Everyone became worried at first, but it was soon clear that it was a Dutch submarine that was given orders to guide Jan Pieterszoon Coen back to IJmuiden. The ship completed their sea trials and arrived back in IJmuiden without incident.
Active service
On 11 September 1915 at 3PM, Jan Pieterszoon Coen left Amsterdam, Netherlands for their maiden voyage to Batavia. They sailed through the Mediterranean Sea and the Suez Canal to reach their destination.
SS Jan Pieterszoon Coen left Amsterdam for Batavia again on 1 Januari 1916, but this time they would sail around Cape of Good Hope and Cape Town to reach Batavia. They would arrive on 17 February 1916 before returning to the Netherlands, where they arrived on 6 May. After the war, the ship would continue to sail the Amsterdam – Batavia route.
Later service and end
Jan Pieterszoon Coen left Batavia for the last time on 28 June 1939 and was stationed in Amsterdam on 29 July 1939 where they were waiting to be scrapped. However, due to the outbreak of the Second World War, the ship was needed again and they made two short voyages to Lisbon, Portugal, in order to retrieve passengers from the MS Oranje.
When the German Army invaded the Netherlands in May 1940, the Royal Netherlands Navy made a plan which involved scuttling Jan Pieterszoon Coen at the entrance of the port of IJmuiden in order to prevent German warships entering the harbor. The plan was set in motion in the night of 14 May 1940, Captain R. van Rees Vellinga sailed Jan Pieterszoon Coen from Amsterdam to IJmuiden. Once there, the ship was supposed to be escorted to the harbor entrance by two tugboats, but they were accidentally sunk too early. As a solution to the problem, The Royal Netherlands Navy ordered the tugboat Atjeh and a minesweeper to tow the ship into place. The tugboat and minesweeper towed the ship into place with much difficulty due to the tide change. The ship was positioned with the bow to the Southern pier and the stern to the Northern pier of the port entrance. The explosives which were previously installed on the ship were detonated and the ship sank between the piers. Them upper decks were still sticking out of the water due to the shallow depths. The plan was successful and the ship prohibited German ships to enter the harbor, the Netherlands however surrendered to the Axis powers and was occupied by Nazi-Germany.
Wreck
The German Army emptied the ship of movable property during 1940, they could do this because the ship was mostly above water. Rijkswaterstaat was thinking of salvaging Jan Pieterszoon Coen, since the ship was mostly intact and in shallow waters. But due to a series of storms, the ship sank deeper into the sand. In 1941, a 50-meter portion of the stern was removed so big ships could sail into the harbor again.
During the remainder of the war, Jan Pieterszoon Coen sank deeper into the sea and their upper decks were severely damaged and deteriorated by the strong waves that constantly pounded the ship. The funnels and some decks had also collapsed during this period. After the war in May and June 1945, the Royal Netherlands Navy with help from the Royal Navy, destroyed what was left of the ship with depth charges. However, a lot of debris was left in the entrance and the Dutch government was forced to clean up the debris from the bottom of the sea in 1968 so bigger ships could sail into the harbor without problems.
Footnotes
References
1914 ships
Passenger ships of the Netherlands
Steamships of the Netherlands
Ships built in the Netherlands
Ships sunk with no fatalities
Ships sunk by non-combat internal explosions
Maritime incidents in May 1940
Shipwrecks in the North Sea
World War II shipwrecks in the North Sea
World War II ships of the Netherlands
Spring Bay is a rural community in Lot 18, Prince County, Prince Edward Island, Canada. Spring Bay is part of the incorporated municipality of Malpeque Bay.
Overview
Spring Bay is a civic address community in Lot 18, along with the Baltic, Darnley, Hamilton, Indian River, Malpeque, Sea View, Irishtown, Burlington, Clermont, and Margate.
Lot 18 communities—Spring Bay, Baltic, Darnley, Fermoy, Hamilton, Indian River, Malpeque, and Sea View are under the jurisdiction of the Municipality of Malpeque Bay, which has its seat in Malpeque Bay.
History
Lot 18, where Spring Valley is located, was one of the 67 lots surveyed in 1764-1766 by Samuel Holland. Parts of Lot 18—between Bedec the place name in Mi'kmaq, now known as Bedeque, and Malpeque—are the traditional lands of the Miꞌkmaq. Acadians also settled in this area in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Holland undertook a meticulous survey of Isle St. Jean following the Seven Years' War when Britain claimed the island. At the same time Holland established parishes. Lot 18 is part of St. David's Parish, which covered six townships.
The lots parcelled by Holland were approximately 20,000 acres each. In July 1967, private proprietors were granted these lots in the "Great Lottery", through which almost the entire land surface of Isle St. Jean was given in exchange for the proprietor settling and developing the land and taking responsibility for its administration with rent-paying tenants—European Protestant immigrants. Lot 18 was granted to Lieutenant-Colonel John (Robert) Stewart (Stuart) and Captain William Allanby at that time. After 1775, the owners of Lot 18 were Robert Stewart, who was the Commissioner of Customs for Jamaica and Allanby, who was the Post Master of the Island of St. John. By 1781, one half of Lot 18 was sold for arrears because the rent was not paid. By 1783, a Stewart or Stuart owned half of Lot 18—Lot 26.
The Fermoy School, the first in Spring Bay was built in 1840 and the first tavern, The Black Horse, was built in 1869 by Thomas Tuplin at the crossroads of the Old Town Road and the Irishtown Road. The tavern remained operational until 1890. In 1964 the community created a public space popular for picnics, which included a statue of Tuplin's black stallion at Black Horse Corner.
Beginning in the late 2010s, Indian River Farms, began to construct large holding irrigation ponds for potato crops, with "raised berms, above ground level" that were filled by electric pumps using ground water from "multiple low-capacity wells nearby". In a July 4, 2019 article in The Guardian, concerns were raised by some Islanders about the way in which large holding ponds in "the back country, away from people" were circumventing the spirit of the ban on new high-capacity agricultural wells on P.E.I.
See also
community status
Notes
References
18
Geography of Prince County, Prince Edward Island
Hölder:
Hölder, Hoelder as surname
Hölder condition
Hölder's inequality
Hölder mean
Jordan–Hölder theorem
Kathy Hite-James (born September 8, 1948) is an American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour.
Hite won once on the LPGA Tour in 1981.
Hite-James was inducted into the South Carolina Golf Hall of Fame in 2000 and the Winthrop Athletics Hall of Fame in 2007. They now live in Palm Desert, California.
Professional wins
LPGA Tour wins (1)
References
External links
American female golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
ALPG Tour golfers
Golfers from South Carolina
Golfers from California
Winthrop University alumni
Sportspeople from Florence, South Carolina
People from Palm Desert, California
1948 births
Living people
21st-century American women
Rollin Arnold Fritch (b 1920, d 1945) was a United States Coast Guard seaman who died at their weapons station while shooting at a Japanese kamikaze, during World War II.
Rollin was the youngest of seven children, born to farmers, who grew up near Pawnee City, Nebraska.
Fritch worked in a meat packing plant before they enlisted in the Coast Guard in 1942.
In January 1945 they were part of a weapons crew assigned to the USS Callaway, a troop transport operated by the United States Navy.
Fritch was seen firing at the kamikaze until it struck their ship, killing them and 28 crew-mates, off Luzon, on January 8, 1945.
In 1945 Fritch was awarded a posthumous Silver Star. According to the Coast Guard:
{| class="wikitable"
|
"He unhesitatingly relinquished all chance of escape as the plane plunged toward the target and remained steadfastly at their gun. They continued to direct their fire with unrelenting fury upon the enemy until carried away with their weapon by the terrific impact."
|}
In 2010, Charles "Skip" W. Bowen, who was then the Coast Guard's most senior non-commissioned officer, proposed that all 58 cutters in the Sentinel class should be named after enlisted Coast Guardsmen, or one of the Coast Guard's precursor services, who were recognized for their heroism. In 2014 the Coast Guard announced that Rollin A. Fritch would be the namesake of the 19th cutter, USCGC Rollin A. Fritch. They were built in Lockport, Louisiana, at the Bollinger shipyards, and delivered to the Coast Guard in August 2016. After completing three months of sea trials, the cutter will be commissioned in November 2016.
Them homeport is near the Coast Guard's Cape May Training Center.
In January 2015, seventy years after their death, the Lincoln Journal Star'' interviewed their niece, Donna Fuller, who said the Coast Guard officer who contacted them to invite them to the ship's commissioning said they had spent eight months searching for Fritch's surviving relatives. They remembered their uncle as being very kind. The Coast Guard flew Fuller and their brother to Lockport to see the ship to be named after their uncle during its construction.
References
1920 births
1945 deaths
United States Coast Guard personnel killed in World War II
Recipients of the Silver Star
People from Pawnee City, Nebraska
Military personnel from Nebraska
United States Coast Guard enlisted
Von Gerber is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Carl Wilhelm von Gerber (1883–1959), Swedish diplomat
Carl von Gerber (1931–2013), Swedish sprint canoeist
Francesca Marlene de Czanyi von Gerber (born 1931), American actor
Tage von Gerber (1885–1966), Swedish genealogist
The Ibru Organization, established in 1956, became one of the largest conglomerates in Nigeria. By 1990 it had between 9,000 and 11,000 employees.
By 2009 the Ibru Organization was a multi-billion dollar business with interests that included shipping, agriculture, aviation, banking, oil and gas.
Origins
The Ibru family are Urhobo people from Agbarha-Otor, near Ughelli in Delta State.
The family patriarch was Chief Peter Epete Ibru, a missionary who worked for much of their life in Yorubaland.
Their wife Janet Omotogor Ibru was the matriarch of Ibru dynasty, aged 98 years when they died on 15 March 2006.
They were a trader, and was closely involved in the organization.
The founder of the firm was their son Michael Ibru.
Michael gained a secondary education at Igbobi College, then worked for the United Africa Company from 1951 until 1956. That year, aged 24, they partnered with Jimmy Large, an Englishman, to form the Laibru general trading company, and also bought a share of Ace Jimonma, a construction firm.
Expansion
Starting in 1957, Ibru was a pioneer in distributing frozen fish in Nigeria.
Although freshwater fishing was a major agricultural activity in Nigeria at the time, Ibru saw that this would change with economic development, opening a market for frozen fish.
At first they ran into technical problems with supply and also met consumer resistance. Two joint ventures both failed. They then formed Ibru Seafoods as the sole owner, importing the frozen fish and at first trading from the back of a truck. They expanded quickly, chartering their first fishing boat in 1963, and in 1965 founding a fishing company with three freezer trawlers as a joint venture with a Japanese firm. Despite setbacks, the fishing fleet had grown to as many as 25 trawlers in the 1970s, and Ibru had 200 transport vehicles. Ibru had also expanded into vehicle distribution and fruit growing.
The organization continued to grow through acquisitions and joint ventures in diverse businesses including brewing, construction and petroleum distribution, with varying degrees of success. The company also acquired extensive holdings of real estate for agriculture and industrial activity. The recession of the early 1980s caused by falling oil prices, combined with import restrictions, forced contraction and a restructuring at the end of the 1980s. By this time, Michael's eldest son Olorogun Oskar Ibru had joined the boards of companies in the organization.
Companies
Rutam Motors was established in 1969, the firm took over management of Ibru's 200 fleet vehicle that were acquired from expatriate firms and were used to service the organizations various operations. The new firm acquired vehicle franchises and focused on after sales maintenance of vehicles from brands such as Mazda, British Leyland Peugeot and Jeep. The company also expanded into commercial tractor sales and maintenance.
Family members
The Ibru family was close, with all members involved in the business. Cecilia Ibru lead Oceanic Bank but they were arrested for a multi-billion dollar fraud. They went to jail and was given a fine of about one billion euros. Cecilia Ibru had started their career at this corporation.
Talking at Michael Ibru's 80th birthday celebration in January 2011, their eldest son Oskar said "The only thing I can say about my family is that we grew up as team. We were like a bunch of broom sticks".
Chief Michael Ibru helped their brothers with their education, gave them stakes in the Ibru organization and helped them to branch out on their own. Alex Ibru, chairperson of Rutam Motors, met with newspapermen Stanley Mecebuh of the Daily Times of Nigeria, Dele Cole also formerly of that paper and Segun Osoba, formerly of the Nigerian Herald. With 55% funding from the Ibrus, they launched The Guardian in 1983, with Alex Ibru as chairperson.
Alex was minister of Internal Affairs from 1993 to 1995.
Goodie Ibru, who had qualified as a commercial lawyer, became president of the Nigerian Stock Exchange and chairperson of Ikeja Hotels.
Felix Ibru studied architecture in Israel, and after teaching at Yaba College of Technology established an architectural firm, Entering politics, in 1992 Felix became governor of Delta State.
References
Sources
Conglomerate companies of Nigeria
Conglomerate companies established in 1956
1956 establishments in Nigeria
Sebastian de Klerk is a South African rugby union player for the in the Currie Cup. Their regular position is centre.
De Klerk was named in the side for their Round 7 match of the 2020–21 Currie Cup Premier Division against the . They made their debut in the same fixture, coming on as a replacement centre.
References
South African rugby union players
Living people
Rugby union centres
Pumas (Currie Cup) players
Year of birth missing (living people)
William Booth (9 May 1886 – 1963) was an English professional football centre half who played in the Football League for Sheffield United. They made 369 appearances for Brighton & Hove Albion and was a member of the team that won the 1909–10 Southern League First Division title and the 1910 FA Charity Shield. Booth was a non-playing reserve for England in February 1913.
Personal life
Booth served as a private in the Football Battalion of the Middlesex Regiment during the First World War. They died in Brighton in 1963 at the age of 76.
Honours
Brighton & Hove Albion
Southern League First Division: 1909–10
FA Charity Shield: 1910
References
1886 births
1963 deaths
Footballers from Sheffield
English footballers
Association football wing halves
Sheffield United F.C. players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
Castleford Town F.C. players
Worthing F.C. players
English Football League players
Southern Football League players
Midland Football League players
Southern Football League representative players
British Army personnel of World War I
Middlesex Regiment soldiers
Regional cuisine is cuisine based upon national, state or local regions. Regional cuisines may vary based upon food availability and trade, varying climates, cooking traditions and practices, and cultural differences. One noteworthy definition is based upon traditional cuisine: "A traditional cuisine is a coherent tradition of food preparation that rises from the daily lives and kitchens of a people over an extended period in a specific region of a country, or a specific country, and which, when localized, has notable distinctions from the cuisine of the country as a whole." Regional food preparation traditions, customs and ingredients often combine to create dishes unique to a particular region. Regional cuisines are often named after the geographic areas or regions that they originate from.
See also
Hawaii regional cuisine
Japanese regional cuisine
List of regional dishes of the United States
List of street foods around the world
Fusion cuisine
National dish
References
External links
eNotes - Encyclopedia of Food and Culture
The Global Gastronomer - Cuisines of the World
Cuisine
Gastronomy by type
John Paul Pryor (July 10, 1927 – December 15, 1995) was a professional baseball umpire who worked in the National League from 1961 to 1981. Pryor wore uniform number 13 for most of their career. Pryor umpired 3,094 major league games in their 21-year career. They umpired in three World Series (1967, 1973 and 1980), four League Championship Series (1970, 1974, 1977 and 1981) and three All-Star Games (1963, 1971 and 1978).
Playing and coaching career
Pryor was a minor league baseball pitcher from 1945 to 1948 in the St. Louis Cardinals, Philadelphia Athletics and Brooklyn Dodgers organizations. Not long after graduating from High Point College, Pryor came to Denton, North Carolina as a high school football and baseball coach. Pryor umpired in the Winter Leagues in Puerto Rico for two seasons early in their major league career. They later moved to Racine, Wisconsin in order to be able to commute between Chicago and Milwaukee when they were assigned to work Cubs and Braves games. They took offseason teaching and coaching positions at St. Lucy's Parochial School and Dominican College respectively.
Umpiring career
Early career
Pryor's minor league umpiring experience included time in the Georgia State League, Tri-State League, Carolina League, SALLY League (South Atlantic League) and American Association. They were promoted to the major leagues in September 1961. Pryor suffered broken teeth in 1965 when a Willie Stargell foul ball smashed into their mask.
Later career
Pryor and umpire Ted Hendry signed new major league contracts just prior to the 1979 season, so they began to umpire that year when other umpires were striking. After two games, Pryor felt pressured to join the striking umpires, but the league quickly ordered them back to work citing a mandatory ten-day notice period. Pryor umpired until they were able to join the strike on April 16. Pryor and the league's other umpires returned to the field when the strike was settled the next month. In their last major league season, Pryor ejected César Cedeño after Cedeno had to be separated from a heckling fan.
Pryor retired from umpiring in 1981 after struggling with foot problems. Their last series was the League Championship Series between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the Montreal Expos in 1981 in which the Dodgers prevailed in five games. They recorded only thirty ejections in 21 seasons in the majors, including a stretch of nearly five years (1972 - 1977) without an ejection.
Paul Pryor Travel Bags
In the 1970s, Paul designed a duffel bag for umpire equipment. Within a few years, Paul Pryor Travel Bags was founded. At one time, the company had accounts with the NCAA in all sports, Major League Baseball, the National Football League, the Canadian Football League as well as numerous local schools and businesses. In 1992, the company was purchased by Bob Milleman, who remains majority shareholder and president.
Personal life
In addition to teaching and umpiring, Pryor worked stints as a car salesperson and a referee for the Central States Football League. They also worked in sales for Schaeffer Beer, Strohs Beer. They were also in demand as a public speaker. Pryor maintained their teaching and coaching position in Wisconsin during the baseball offseasons, with an arrangement to leave that job early for the start of the major league season. They were married to the late Carleen Hammond of Hendersonville, N.C. They had four children and two grandchildren.
See also
List of Major League Baseball umpires
References
External links
The Sporting News umpire card
1927 births
1995 deaths
Major League Baseball umpires
Sportspeople from Providence County, Rhode Island
People from Woonsocket, Rhode Island
Dominican College of Racine faculty
North Wilkesboro Flashers players
Anouck Jaubert (born 27 January 1994) is a French sport climber competing in speed climbing competitions.
In 2017, they won the silver medal in the women's speed event at the World Games held in Wrocław, Poland. Four years earlier, they competed in the women's speed event at the 2013 World Games where they were eliminated in the quarter-finals by Yulia Kaplina of Russia.
They represented France at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan. They competed in the women's combined event.
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
Female climbers
World Games silver medalists
Competitors at the 2013 World Games
Competitors at the 2017 World Games
Sport climbers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic sport climbers of France
Social Science Computer Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers the use of computers in the field of social science, including artificial intelligence, computer simulation, and electronic modelling. The founding editors-in-chief were G. Garson (North Carolina State University) and Ronald Anderson (University of Minnesota). The current editor-in-chief (from 2020) is Stephen M. Lyon (Aga Khan University). It was established in 1983 and is published by Sage Publications in association with the Social Science Computing Association.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 3.253, ranking it 20th out of 105 journals in the category "Computer Science, Interdisciplinary Applications", 2nd out of 98 journals in the category "Social Sciences, Interdisciplinary", and 14th out of 88 journals in the category "Information Science & Library Science".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Multidisciplinary social science journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1983
Micropleuridae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Rhabditida.
Genera:
Granulinema Moravec & Little, 1988
Kamegainema Hasegawa, Doi, Araki & Miyata, 2000
Micropleura Linstow, 1906
Philonema
Protenema Petter & Planelles, 1986
References
Nematodes
The Ahmednagar Municipal Corporation is the governing body of the city of Ahmednagar in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The municipal corporation consists of democratically elected members, is headed by a mayor and administers the city's infrastructure, public services and police. Members from the state's leading various political parties hold elected offices in the corporation. Ahmednagar municipal corporation is located in Ahmednagar which was formed in the year 2003. Rohini Shendge (belonging to the Shivsena political party) is the current Mayor of Ahmednagar.
Revenue sources
The following are the Income sources for the Corporation from the Central and State Government.
Revenue from taxes
Following is the Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Property tax.
Profession tax.
Entertainment tax.
Grants from Central and State Government like Goods and Services Tax.
Advertisement tax.
Revenue from non-tax sources
Following is the Non Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Water usage charges.
Fees from Documentation services.
Rent received from municipal property.
Funds from municipal bonds
List of Mayor
List of Deputy Mayor
List of Chairman, Standing Committee
Area of jurisdiction
The Ahmednagar Municipal Corporation is comes under B-Class Municipal Corporation as Maharashtra State Rule. A.M.C consistently governs old city i.e. main city along with newly developed suburban area. The parts of city are
Nagar (Head city)
Savedi (Suburban)
Kedgaon (suburban)
Kotla
Nagapur (Excluding M.I.D.C.)
Bolhegaon
Shivajinagar
Govindpura
Mukundnagar
Tarakpur
Bhutkarvadi
Nalegaon
Sarasnagar
Burudgaon
Corporation Election 2018
Political Performance in Election 2018
Tasks
As per the CNC Act, 1948, the key responsibility for providing Ahmednagar's citizens basic urban services lies with the Ahmednagar Municipal Corporation. NMC is responsible for administering and providing basic infrastructure to the city.
Intra-city transport service.
Building and Maintenance of roads, streets and flyovers.
Public Municipal schools
Water purification and supply
Hospitals
Street lighting
Maintenance of parks and open spaces
Sewage treatment and disposal
Garbage disposal and street cleanliness
Urban development and city planning of new areas.
Registering of births and deaths.
Administration
The corporation is headed by a Municipal commissioner, an IAS officer. They wield the executive power of the house. A quinquennial election is held to elect corporators to power. They are responsible for overseeing that their constituencies have the basic civic infrastructure in place, and that there is no lacuna on the part of the authorities. The mayor heads the party with the largest vote. A largely ceremonial post, they have limited duties.
Various departments such as public relations, library, health, finance, buildings, slums, roads, street lighting, traffic, establishment, gardens, public works, local audit, legal services, water works, education, octroi and fire services manage their specific activities. The activities of NMC are administered by its zonal offices.
Street lighting
Maintenance of parks and open spaces
Sewage treatment and disposal
Garbage disposal and street cleanliness
Urban development and city planning of new areas.
Registering of births and deaths.
References
Ahmednagar news
Ahmednagar
Municipal corporations in Maharashtra
Year of establishment missing
2003 establishments in Maharashtra
Mania errabunda or restless madness is the tendency of senile people (usually elderly) to wander aimlessly away from home. The name is not much used in the 21st century. The term is also used in conjunction with drug abuse and alcoholism.
In fiction
Sir Walter Scott's The Fair Maid of Perth. Browne says that the flight of Conacher is similar.
See also
Wanderlust
Wandering (dementia)
Dromomania
References
Mania
Geriatrics
Obsolete medical terms
Lasowice may refer to the following places in Poland:
Lasowice, Legnica County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Lasowice, Lubin County in Lower Silesian Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Lasowice, Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland)
Lasowice, Opole Voivodeship (south-west Poland)
Lasowice, Tarnowskie Góry in Silesian Voivodeship, a district of the town (south Poland)
Blazing the Western Trail is a 1945 American Western film directed by Vernon Keays and written by J. Benton Cheney. The film stars Charles Starrett, Tex Harding, Dub Taylor, Carole Mathews and Bob Wills. The film was released on September 18, 1945, by Columbia Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Charles Starrett as Jeff Waring / The Durango Kid
Tex Harding as Tex Harding
Dub Taylor as Cannonball
Carole Mathews as Mary Halliday
Bob Wills as Bob
Alan Bridge as Forrest Brent
Nolan Leary as Bob Halliday
Virginia Sale as Nellie
Steve Clark as Dan Waring
Mauritz Hugo as Jim McMasters
Ethan Laidlaw as Santry
Edmund Cobb as Sheriff Turner
Frank LaRue as Mr. Spencer
Glenn Strange as Brent
Edward Howard as McMasters
James T. Nelson as Deputy
Budd Buster as Salesman
John Tyrrell as Clerk
Robert B. Williams as Spencer
References
External links
1945 films
American Western (genre) films
1945 Western (genre) films
Columbia Pictures films
Films directed by Vernon Keays
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Frank Leslie Lugton (4 November 1893 – 29 July 1916) was an Australian sportsman who played first-class cricket for Victoria and Australian rules football for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Family
One of the ten children of Charles Edward Lugton (1860-1927), and Jane Ann Lugton (1861-1944), née May, Frank Leslie Lugton was born at Northcote, Victoria on 4 November 1893.
Their older brother, Edward Charles Lugton (1885-1939), served as a gunner in the First AIF. Another brother, John Archibald Lugton (1889-1918), also served in the First AIF, and died of wounds sustained in action in August 1918.<ref>[https://www.awm.gov.au/collection/R1638142 Roll of Honour: Private John Archibald Lugton (3193), Australian War Memorial.]</ref>
Lugton Street, in Alphington, Victoria was named as a local tribute to the three brothers.
Cricket
Lugton was a right-handed batsman and a fast-medium bowler. They played five Sheffield Shield games for the Victorian cricket team in the 1913/1914 season, making 218 runs at 31.14 and taking nine wickets at 34.00.
DEATH OF FRANK LUGTONIt is with extreme regret that I have to announce the death in France of Frank Lugton, the Melbourne footballer, and Northcote cricketer.He was a fine all-round athlete, and the most lovable young fellow one could imagine.In cricket they stepped from the colts into the representative team, and gave every promise of developing into a very fine all-round cricketer.He bowled a fast medium, and had a beautiful off stroke, besides possessing a wonderful pair of hands.He was amongst the first to volunteer, and all who knew the manly young fellow will sympathise with their people in their great loss.He was a fine type of Australian manhood, tall and straight as a rush, and was the embodiment of everything that was fair, and generous.In cricket they came directly under my control, and I can write feelingly of their splendid qualities and untimely end. — Jack Worrall, 16 September 1916.
Football
Northcote Methodists (MDFA)
They were recruited from the Northcote Methodist Football Club in the Melbourne District Football Association (MDFA).
Melbourne (VFL)
Lugton made their VFL debut for melbourne in 1913, and played 18 games in both 1913 and 1914.
In May 1919, an unidentified former Melbourne footballer, wrote to the football correspondent of The Argus as follows:
"In 1914 the Melbourne football team, after its junction with the University, was a fine team, and succeeded in reaching the semi-finals.Out of this combination the following players enlisted and served at the front:—C. Lilley (seriously wounded), J. Hassett, H. Tomkins (severely wounded), J. Evans (seriously wounded), W. Hendrie, R. L. Park, J. Doubleday (died), A. Best, C. Burge (killed), C. (viz., A.) Williamson (killed), J. Brake, R. Lowell, E. Parsons (seriously wounded), A. M. Pearce (killed), F. Lugton (killed), A. George, C. Armstrong, P. Rodriguez (killed), J. Cannole (viz., Connole), A. Fraser (seriously wounded), T. Collins.These are all players of note, and in themselves would have formed a very fine side, but there is only one of them playing at the present time, viz., C. Lilley, who, as a matter of fact, takes the field under some disability owing to severe wounds which they received on service." — The Argus, 16 May 1919.
Military service
Lugton survived the fighting in Gallipoli but went on to serve in France where they were killed in 1916, near Villiers-Bretonneux. They were the first Sheffield Shield cricketer to lose their lives in the war.
The first Sheffield Shield player to fall in the great contlict was that promising young Northcote cricketer Frank Lugton.He enlisted nearly two years ago, prior to attaining their majority, with practically the whole of their athletic life in front of him, and was only 22 at the time of their death.His friends, and they were legion, received a painful shock when the notification came through of theirs being killed in France.He had attained the rank of lance-corporal, but I hapen [sic] to know that they enlisted purely as a matter of duty.He came of a fighting stock, and their ancestors fought at Culloden.Frank always had a splendid arm, and could throw the cricket ball a hundred yards.He naturally took to "bombing" work at Gallipoli, and had charge of a grenade party.His C.O. told them jokingly on one occasion that on their return to Melbourne they could see them in their mind's eye putting a match to the crioket ball before they delivered it.Prior to their death they had some narrow shaves on the peninsula.He was buried by a shell explosion for six hours before being rescued, necessitating theirs being transferred to the hospital for a period; and another time had the bolt of their rifle shot off by a Turkish sniper whilst they were sighting for a shot at the selfsame sniper.The Turk happened to fire first, but Frank got theirs afterwards from a less exposed position. —"Short Stop", 18 November 1916.
Death
Aged 22, they were killed in action near Villers-Bretonneux, France on 29 July 1916.
Obituary
Frank Lugton, of the Northcote Cricket Club, is another of the leading Victorian cricketers who has made the supreme sacrifice.He lost their lives fighting in Prance.Lugton was considered by good judges to have been one of Victoria's coming cricketers.He was selected by Mr. J. Worrall for several of the interstate colts' matches, wherein they performed well, and they were a member of the last Victorian team to visit Tasmania, where their work with bat and ball was pleasing.He was one of the leading players of the Melbourne Football Club, their work on the half-hack line being of a high order.His comrades of the Northcote Baseball Club wore armbands in their match against Williamstown on Saturday as a mark of respect to their memory.He was of a modest and retiring disposition, and was extremely well liked by all. The Argus, 11 September 1916.
See also
List of Victoria first-class cricketers
List of Victorian Football League players who died on active service
Footnotes
References
Darebin Heritage Profile: Frank Leslie Lugton, Darebin Libraries.
A Soldier Cricketer: Club Mate's Tribute, The Preston Leader, (Saturday, 7 April 1917), p.3.
Main, J. & Allen, D., "Lugton, Frank", pp. 106–109 in Main, J. & Allen, D., Fallen — The Ultimate Heroes: Footballers Who Never Returned From War, Crown Content, (Melbourne), 2002.
McCrery, Nigel, "Lance Corporal Frank Leslie Lugton", pp. 250–251 in McCrery, Nigel, Final Wicket: Test and First Class Cricketers Killed in the Great War'', Pen & Sword Military, (Barnsley), 2015.
First World War Embarkation Roll: Private Frank Leslie Lugton (447), collection of the Australian War Memorial.
First World War Nominal Roll: Private Frank Leslie Lugton (447), collection of the Australian War Memorial.
Australian Casualties: 126th List Issued: Ill: Victoria: "L.Cpl. Lugton, F.L., 24th Batt., Northcote", The Argus, (Friday, 24 December 1915), p.5.
Australia's Roll of Honor: 130th. List: Wounded: Victoria: "Lugton, L.Cpl. F.L., 24th Batt., Northcote", The Argus, (Friday, 7 January 1916), p.9.
Australian Casualties: 157th List Issued: Returned to Duty: "L.Cpl. F.L. Lugton", The Argus, (Monday, 27 March 1916), p.5.
Australian Casualties: 214th and 215th Lists Issued: Killed in Action: Victoria: "Lugton, L.Cpl. F.L., 24th Batt., Northcote, 29/7/16", The Argus, (Tuesday, 19 September 1916), p.5.
World War One Service Record: Lance Corporal Frank Leslie Lugton (447), National Archives of Australia.
Roll of Honour: Lance Corporal Frank Leslie Lugton (447), Australian War Memorial.
External links
Frank Lugtom, at Demonwiki.
Cricinfo profile: Frank Lugton.
1893 births
1916 deaths
Victoria cricketers
Melbourne Football Club players
Australian military personnel killed in World War I
Australian Army soldiers
Sportspeople from Melbourne
Cricketers from Victoria (Australia)
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Schifter is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andreas Schifter (1779–1852), Danish naval officer, shipbuilder, naval administrator, and admiral
Günther Schifter (1923–2008), Austrian journalist, radio presenter, and record collector
Richard Schifter (1923–2020), Austrian-American attorney and diplomat
Karl Ludwig Felix Machatschki (22 September 1895 – 17 February 1970) was an Austrian mineralogist.
They were born in Arnfels (near Leibnitz) in Styria, Austria. They studied at the University of Graz, obtaining their habilitation in 1925; in 1927 they joined the group of Victor Goldschmidt in Oslo for one year. In 1930 they were appointed as a professor at the University of Tübingen. They changed university twice, first in 1941 to the University of Munich and finally in 1944 to the University of Vienna.
In 1928 they published Zur Frage der Struktur und Konstitution der Feldspäte, a paper in which they develop the concept of the atomic structure of silicates and formulates the construction principle of feldspars. In 1946 they published Grundlagen der allgemeinen Mineralogie und Kristallchemie ("Fundamentals of general mineralogy and crystal chemistry").
In 1961, Machatschki was awarded the Austrian Medal for Science and Art. The "Felix-Machatschki-Preis" is an award given by the Österreichische Mineralogische Gesellschaft in recognition of outstanding international scientific work in the field of mineralogy. The mineral machatschkiite commemorates theirs name.
Published works
Grundlagen der allgemeinen Mineralogie und Kristallchemie, 1946 – Fundamentals of general mineralogy and crystal chemistry.
Vorräte und Verteilung der mineralischen Rohstoffe, 1948 – Inventories and the distribution of mineral resources.
Spezielle Mineralogie auf geochemischer Grundlage, 1953 – Special mineralogy on a geochemical basis.
They were also the author of 140 individual articles in scientific journals.
References
External links
Source of this translation
1895 births
1970 deaths
Austrian chemists
Austrian mineralogists
University of Graz alumni
University of Tübingen faculty
University of Vienna faculty
Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich faculty
People from Leibnitz District
Recipients of the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art
William Schaw Lindsay (19December 181528August 1877) was a British merchant and shipowner who was the Liberal Member of Parliament for Tynemouth and North Shields from 1854 to 1859 and for Sunderland from 1859 until their resignation on grounds of ill-health in 1864.
Life
Career
They were born in Ayr in south-west Scotland on 19December 1815 at the manse of their uncle, the Reverend William Schaw. They lost both their parents by the time they were ten and was brought up by their uncle, a free kirk minister. Reverend William wished them to follow the same calling but they instead left home in 1831 and worked their passage to Liverpool by trimming coals on board a collier. They were subsequently engaged as a cabin-boy aboard the West Indiaman Isabella. In 1834, they became second mate, but soon afterwards received severe injuries following a shipwreck. On their recovery in 1835 they became chief mate of the Olive Branch, a merchantman owned by a Mr. Greenwell of Sunderland. In 1836, they were appointed captain of the vessel and, in 1839, when in the Persian Gulf, they were wounded during an encounter with a pirate. They retired from the sea in 1840.
Lindsay found further employment with Greenwell in 1841 as an agent for the Castle Eden Coal Company in Hartlepool where they played a part in the town becoming an independent port, and helped to create its docks and wharves. In 1845, they moved to London to represent the company. With the coal-fitting business they combined that of shipbroking and an agency for their brother-in-law, a Glasgow iron merchant. They established the firm of W. S. Lindsay & Co., which soon became one of the largest shipowning concerns in the world, and they retained their connection with it until ill-health compelled them to retire in 1864.
In 1852, Lindsay ordered the 900 ton W. S. Lindsay, the largest iron ship that had been built to date, from the Tyneside shipyard of Coutts and Parkinson. They were designed to take emigrants to Australia and although they cost one-third more than similar vessels, the ship was three times more efficient with 280 cabins including 60 in first class. Lindsay held 54 of the 64 shares in the ship and their master, George Western, the other ten. The W. S. Lindsay heeled over in a storm in The Downs on their maiden voyage with 300 passengers aboard; they had to be towed back to London at a cost of £3,000.
Lindsay was an unsuccessful parliamentary candidate for Monmouth in April and for Dartmouth in July 1852, but was elected, after a severe contest, for Tynemouth and North Shields in March 1854. They continued to represent Tynemouth until the April 1859 general election, when their advocacy for a repeal of the navigation laws compelled them to withdraw before the polling. They were returned, however, for Sunderland. In August 1859, the non-electors of Tynemouth presented Lindsay with a rosewood cabinet containing the works of Bacon, Shakespeare, Milton and Burns, "to record their gratitude for the ability with which they advocated the Public Interests in Parliament and for their Liberality in promoting education in the Borough".
During the American Civil War (1861–65), Lindsay supported the bid for Confederacy recognition and spoke on their behalf in the British Parliament. Their correspondence on the topic with the future Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli and the American politicians John Slidell and James Murray Mason is held at the University of Missouri Library.
In 1865, they were forced by illness to retire from public life. While in the House of Commons they did all they could to protect maritime interests, both naval and commercial, and they took an active part in the formation of the Administrative Reform Association. After their retirement, Lindsay occupied themselves with literary work. They died at Shepperton Manor, Middlesex, on 28August 1877.
Family
On 14November 1843, they married Helen, sister of the Glasgow ironmaster Robert Stewart, whose pig iron Lindsay also dealt in. Their son, William Stewart Lindsay, was born in London in 1849 and died in Timaru, New Zealand, on 28June 1924.
Literary works
In their writing, Lindsay strove to improve the shipping laws, not only in England, but abroad, particularly in France and the US, and they persistently advocated the removal of all restrictions on free trade in maritime affairs. Their opus magnum, entitled History of Merchant Shipping and Ancient Commerce (4 vols. 8vo, London, 1874–6), was a comprehensive reference on the subject. Among their other writings were:
Letters on the Navigation Laws, 8vo, London, 1849, reprinted from the Morning Herald.
Our Navigation and Mercantile Marine Laws, considered with a view to their general revision and consolidation; also, an Enquiry into the principal Maritime Institutions, 8vo, London, 1852; 2nd edit., condensed, 1853.
Confirmation of Admiralty Mismanagement … with Reply to the Charges of Sir C. Wood … June 22 and July 10, 8vo, London, 1855.
Remarks on the Law of Partnership and Limited Liability, 8vo, London, 1856, being correspondence with their friend Richard Cobden, MP.
Our Merchant Shipping: its present state considered, 8vo, London, 1860.
Manning the Royal Navy and Mercantile Marine … also Belligerent and Neutral Rights in the event of War: a Review of the past and present Methods, 8vo, London, 1877.
A collection of their speeches on navy expenditure was privately printed while Lindsay related many of their sea experiences in the Log of my Leisure Hours, 3 vols., and in Recollections of a Sailor; the latter work they did not live to complete.
See also
Shipbroking
Coaling (ships)
Panic of 1847
Navigation Acts#Repeal
References
Bibliography
Attribution
External links
Lindsay's History of Merchant Shipping and Ancient Commerce at the Internet Archive:
Volume I
Volume II
Volume III
Volume IV
William Schaw Lindsay at the National Portrait Gallery.
1815 births
1877 deaths
Liberal Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
British businesspeople in the coal industry
British businesspeople in shipping
British sailors
British naval historians
British military writers
Military theorists
History of Hartlepool
UK MPs 1852–1857
UK MPs 1857–1859
UK MPs 1859–1865
19th-century history of the Royal Navy
Foreign relations of the Confederate States of America
Georgian era
Regency era
Victorian era
19th-century English businesspeople
Dobrzejów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłkowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
It lies approximately east of Miłkowice, north of Legnica, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.
References
Villages in Legnica County
The old Philippine National Bank (PNB) Building was a former office building along Escolta Street in Manila, Philippines.
History
The PNB Building was constructed from 1962 to 1965 and was inaugurated in 1966 by its namesake and tenant, the then-state owned Philippine National Bank (PNB). PNB occupied the building until 1996 when the banking firm was privatized. The PNB moved office to Pasay. The PNB was the main government finance body prior to the establishment of the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas, the Philippines' central bank. It then housed the City College of Manila before it was abandoned.
In January 2015, the building sustained damages from a fire which lead to the owner of the building, the Manila City Government to demolish the building.
Architecture and design
The architect of the PNB Bank is Carlos Arguelles with David Consunji as the building's contractor. The architectural style of the building is considered to be that of the International Style which is described to have complemented the climate and context of its immediate vicinity, the Escolta area, according to architect Dominic Galicia, president of the Philippine office of the International Council on Monuments and Sites. The building is 12-storeys high.
Demolition
Following the 2015 fire, the Manila City Government under the administration of Manila Mayor Joseph Estrada decided to demolish the building after it deemed the building structurally unsound. The building's demolition was earlier proposed in 2010 under Estrada's predecessor Alfredo Lim after Romy Lorenzo of Geltd Developers and Managers Group Inc., a developer claimed that the PNB Building is at a risk of collapse should an earthquake strike the city. The demolition was condemned by heritage conservationists, since the PNB Building is presumed to be an Important Cultural Property under the National Cultural Heritage Act and has suggested retrofitting the building instead.
References
Buildings and structures in Binondo
Former buildings and structures in Manila
Buildings and structures completed in 1965
Simon J. Lubin (1876 – April 15, 1936) was an American business person and political activist. They served as the president of Lubin and Weinstock, "the largest department store in Sacramento, California", from 1920 to 1930. They served as the president California Commission on Immigration and Housing from 1912 to 1923, where they improved the living conditions of immigrant workers.
Early life
Simon J. Lubin was born in 1876 in Sacramento, California. Their father, David Lubin, and their half-uncle, Harris Weinstock, co-founded Lubin and Weinstock, "the largest department store in Sacramento, California".
Lubin was educated at the Sacramento High School, graduating in 1895. They received a bachelor of arts degree from Harvard University in 1903. Shortly after college, they did social work in housing in Boston and New York City.
Career
Lubin served as the vice president of Lubin and Weinstock from 1916 to 1920, and as its president from 1920 to 1930.
Lubin was active in the California Republican Party. They served on the National Labor Board. Additionally, they served as the president of the California Commission on Immigration and Housing from 1912 to 1923. They were also a member of the Academy of Political Science, the Taylor Society, and the American Association for Labor Legislation.
At the same, Lubin was accused by the Better America Federation of "aiding" the Industrial Workers of the World. However, Paul Groth, a Professor Emeritus of Architecture and Geography at the University of California, Berkeley, suggests Lubin's intention in improving the living conditions of workers was to foster a more productive workforce. Moreover, Groth adds that Governor Hiram Johnson took Lubin's work seriously in light of the fact that the construction of the Panama Canal would inevitably lead to higher immigration levels from Eastern Europeans looking for work.
Lubin served as the president of the Pan-American Institute of Reciprocal Trade.
Personal life, death and legacy
Lubin married Rebecca Cohen. They had a son, David, and two daughters, Ruth and Miriam.
Lubin was a member of the Harvard Club of New York, the Harvard Club of San Francisco, the Sutter Country Club and the Del Paso Country Club.
Lubin died on April 15, 1936 at the Letterman General Hospital in San Francisco, California. In 1938, the Simon J. Lubin Society published Their Blood Is Strong by John Steinbeck. Their papers are in the collection of the Magnes Collection of Jewish Art and Life at the Bancroft Library in Berkeley, California.
References
1876 births
1936 deaths
Businesspeople from Sacramento, California
Harvard University alumni
American retail chief executives
California Republicans
Lamplugh Inlet () is an inlet long, lying between Cape Healy and Cape Howard, along the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was discovered by members of the United States Antarctic Service who explored this coast from East Base by land and from the air in 1940. It was named for Elmer L. Lamplugh, chief radio operator at East Base.
See also
Foster Peninsula
References
Inlets of Palmer Land
Conton may refer to:
Conton family (Sierra Leone)
Bertha Conton (1923–2022), Sierra Leonean educator
William Farquhar Conton (1925–2003), Sierra Leonean educator
Attilio Conton (1902–1997), Italian runner
See also
Contern, a village in Luxembourg
Konton, a 2011 music album
Judith Trachtenberg is a 1920 German silent drama film directed by Henrik Galeen and starring Leontine Kühnberg, Ernst Deutsch and Leonhard Haskel. It was based on the 1890 novel of the same title by Karl Emil Franzos. In 1932 it was released in the United States, re-edited to include sound, under the alternative title A Daughter of Them People. It was one of a significant cycle of films in the early 1920s which dealt with issues of Jewish cultural assimilation including Love One Another (1922), The Ancient Law (1923) and The City Without Jews (1924). The film's plotline of a Jewish woman becoming involved with an aristocratic figure follows what is known as an "Esterka story".
Synopsis
In the nineteenth century, a young Jewish woman living in the part of Poland controlled by Austria, meets an Austrian Count at a ball held by one of their father's business associates. After they rescue them from the unwanted attentions of a Polish army officer, they fall in love. They fall pregnant, and they live together in a Common-law marriage. Them family are horrified by the match and make them an outcast. Distraught by this, they ultimately commit suicide by drowning themselves in a lake.
Cast
Leontine Kühnberg as Judith Trachtenberg
Ernst Deutsch as Judith's Brother
Leonhard Haskel as Father Trachtenberg
Paul Otto as Count Agenor Baranowski
Hermann Vallentin as Prefect von Wroblewski
Max Adalbert as Fürst Metternich
Friedrich Kühne as Ignaz Trudka
Ernst Pröckl as Severin von Tronski
Margarete Kupfer as Frau von Wroblewski
Frida Richard as Mirjam
References
Bibliography
Prawer, S.S. Between Two Worlds: The Jewish Presence in German and Austrian Film, 1910-1933. Berghahn Books, 2005.
External links
1920 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
German historical drama films
1920s historical drama films
Films directed by Henrik Galeen
Films based on Austrian novels
Films set in the 19th century
Films set in Poland
Films set in Austria
Films set in Germany
Films with screenplays by Franz Schulz
German black-and-white films
1920 drama films
Silent drama films
"With You I'm Born Again" is a 1979 duet written by Carol Connors and David Shire that originated on the soundtrack of the 1979 motion picture Fast Break. It was performed by Motown recording artists Billy Preston and Syreeta Wright (credited as Syreeta) and became an international hit for the duo, reaching number four on the Billboard Hot 100 and number two on the UK singles chart.
History
The music from Fast Break was credited to David Shire and James DiPasquale, and Carol Connors put words to four of the songs on the soundtrack album. Connors recalls, "I had written most of the lyrics to 'With You I'm Born Again' in 22 minutes, but I couldn't find two words and it was driving me crazy." The right words came to them on their way to an ice cream parlor, where they requested a pencil and paper along with their order. "I had finally found it—the line I was seeking--'Come show me your kindness, in your arms I know I'll find this'—and I wanted to get it down on paper."
Motown executive Suzanne de Passe chose Wright as Preston's partner for the two duets that had been written for the film, and each singer also had a solo number to cut for the soundtrack album as well. Connors recalled, "Billy and Syreeta were originally not very fond of the idea of recording together—they each wanted to do their own thing, but this worked out extremely well for both of them." The reluctant pair were surprised by the success of "With You I'm Born Again". "Though both liked the song, they never dreamed of it being a hit single."
Connors noted the impression some were left with by the song and Preston. "When David Shire heard Billy Preston play the song on the organ, they said to me, 'Now I know why he's a star.'" Connors also shared, "The late great Marvin Hamlisch told me that they were in the barber chair when they first heard the song on the radio and stood straight up in amazement, narrowly missing getting their throat cut by the scissors. True story."
But radio airplay and record sales almost never happened. The Fast Break soundtrack was released in early 1979, when disco still permeated the airwaves, and the other of the duo's recordings from the album, the dance tune "Go for It", was chosen as the single that would be issued to promote the album. That selection barely made a dent in the charts, spending one week on the Disco singles chart at number 80 in Billboard magazine and "bubbling under" the Billboard Hot 100 for one week at number 108.
The film did not get much attention, either, and Preston described their next effort to give "With You I'm Born Again" more exposure, explaining that "after the film didn't do very well, the [soundtrack] album didn't sell well. We pulled it off that album and put it on mine." Preston's album, Late at Night, came out later in 1979, but even with that reissue of the song, Preston insisted that "we still didn't think of it as a single." It did, however, begin to get airplay in the European market and was finally released as a single at the end of the year.
Another hurdle the song had to overcome was the fact that its title did not click with some record buyers. "Connors says their only regret about 'With You I'm Born Again' is that they didn't title it 'Come Bring Me Your Softness'. 'Berry Gordy called me to let me know we had a monster hit on our hands but that early on many people were going into record stores asking for "Come Bring Me Your Softness", and some record sales were lost as a result.'" The fact that the phrase "born again" is often associated with Christianity may have also been confusing, and Connors admitted, "Many thought the song had religious overtones, but Robert Culp and I were lovers at the time, and that's the way we felt about one another. Culp was the inspiration." The singers also felt the song could be interpreted in a religious context as well as being a romantic love song. Preston explained, "When we saw Fast Break, we understood it was a romantic song. But I think of it as religious because God is love, so it all inter-relates." This religious aspect would later be played up by the show Glee in the season two episode "Duets", when the characters Finn Hudson (played by Cory Monteith) and Rachel Berry (played by Lea Michele) perform a shortened version of the song dressed as a priest and a Catholic schoolgirl respectively.
Chart success
"With You I'm Born Again" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 in the issue of the magazine dated December 8, 1979, and peaked at number four over the course of 29 weeks. The following week marked its first appearance on the UK singles chart and on Billboard's list of the 50 most popular Adult Contemporary songs in the U.S., and both chart runs resulted in a number two showing. It also started three weeks on the magazine's Hot Soul Singles chart in the January 19, 1980, issue and got as high as number 86. It was Preston's biggest hit in five years and the biggest pop hit of Wright's career.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
Bibliography
External links
List of cover versions of "With You I'm Born Again" at SecondHandSongs.com
1979 singles
Billy Preston songs
Syreeta Wright songs
Motown singles
Songs written by David Shire
Male–female vocal duets
1979 songs
Songs written by Carol Connors (singer)
Songs written for films
Woodhaven is a southern suburb of Durban, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. It lies just east of Yellowwood Park and borders Woodlands to its east.
References
Suburbs of Durban
Rock Valley, sometimes referred to as West Holyoke, is a neighborhood in Holyoke, Massachusetts located to the west of the city center, approximately from downtown, bordering Easthampton, Southampton, Westfield, and West Springfield. Rock Valley is historically Holyoke's second oldest village after Elmwood, with its eponymous burial ground dating to around 1777, and families having settled in the area as early as 1745. Predating the construction of the Hadley Falls Dam, it originated as the western section of the 3rd parish ("Ireland Parish") of West Springfield. Today the neighborhood contains several historic Federal and Colonial homesteads, in addition to many modern developments adjacent to agricultural and wetland tracts.
Even into the 20th century the area retained an agrarian character, but was met with concern by residents who believed their neighborhood to be falling behind the progress made by the rest of the city during its sudden industrial growth. In 1921, the West Holyoke Improvement Association was founded by a number of concerned for the purpose of representing the interests of the neighborhood before the city government. Renamed the Rock Valley Improvement League in 1955, among the issues they lobbied for was the electrification of streets lights in the area, construction of a community center, and development of new playgrounds for children. The association would hold many neighborhood dinners and events for a number of years as well, and having achieved many of the asupervisorstioned goals fell into relative obscurity.
In 1930 the area briefly gained international attention when a former supply route to Westfield built by soldiers of the 104th Infantry was dedicated in Massachusetts as the Apremont Highway in a joint ceremony between Holyoke and Westfield. The 104th was the first American military unit to receive a foreign decoration for valor and the first foreign recipients of the French Croix de Guerre, for liberating Apremont-la-Forêt in the First World War.
Further reading
References
Neighborhoods in Holyoke, Massachusetts
OPS 9794, also known as Navstar 8, GPS I-8 and GPS SVN-8, was an American navigation satellite launched in 1983 as part of the Global Positioning System development program. It was the eighth of eleven Block I GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
Spacecraft
The first eleven spacecraft (GPS Block 1) were used to demonstrate the feasibility of the GPS system. They were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied over 400 watts. They had S-band communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. They were manufactured by Rockwell Space Systems, were 5.3 meters across with solar panels deployed, and had a design life expectancy of 5 years. Unlike the later operational satellites, GPS Block 1 spacecraft were inclined at 63°.
Launch
OPS 9794 was launched at 10:21 UTC on 14 July 1983, atop an Atlas E launch vehicle with an SGS-2 upper stage. The Atlas used had the serial number 75E, and was originally built as an Atlas E. The launch took place from Space Launch Complex 3W at Vandenberg Air Force Base, and placed OPS 9794 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-27 apogee motor.
Mission
By 10 August 1983, OPS 9794 had been raised to an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 718.00 minutes, and 62.80° of inclination to the equator. The satellite had a design life of 5 years and a mass of . It broadcast the PRN 11 signal in the GPS demonstration constellation, and was retired from service on 4 May 1993.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1981
GPS satellites
Satellite launch failures
1983 in spaceflight
Silla Bjerrum is a restaurateur and Chef best known for their expertise in sushi.
Early life and career
Born in Denmark, Bjerrum's interest in seafood began during childhood holidays by the sea.
After studying philosophy, Bjerrum's introduction to Japanese food came in 1994 while studying for a master's degree in sociology at London Goldsmiths college, when they took a job at the Canary Wharf branch of Japanese restaurant Nippon Tuk. It was here that they first tasted sushi and began to pick up the skills required for its preparation, noting its similarities to Danish cuisine, where raw fish is a common ingredient. Them boss at Nippon Tuk was Jeremy Rose, the restaurant entrepreneur who would become their co-founder at Feng Sushi.
Bjerrum left Nippon Tuk to work for Birley's, the sandwich chain owned by the socialite Robin Birley. While working for Birley, Bjerrum was approached by Jeremy Rose with a plan to start a New York-style delivery service in London, with Rose asking Bjerrum to set up the kitchen operation as executive chef. The service was launched as Feng Sushi in 1999, in Fulham, London, and was the capital's first sushi delivery service.
Bjerrum became Feng Sushi's managing director after Jeremy Rose stood down in 2008. They were a part-owner of the chain, with entrepreneur Luke Johnson the majority owner following their purchase of a 92.5% stake in 2010. Silla is no longer working for Feng Sushi.
Sustainable food sourcing
Bjerrum is a regular media commentator on sustainable seafood issues. Them interest in sustainability began after a trip to a Scottish salmon farm, where they saw fish being kept in poor conditions. This incident prompted them to offer sustainably-farmed salmon on Feng Sushi's menu.
Bjerrum has spoken of the difficulties and challenges of running a sustainably-sourced fish restaurant: "The problem is that it's a minefield and the more you get into it the more complicated it gets. Sustainability doesn't happen overnight but it will happen."
Teaching and adjudicating
In 2008 Bjerrum was the first woman to be invited to compete in the prestigious Seven Samurai Sushi Competition, an annual contest of acknowledged sushi masters from around the world. They were on the judging panel for the competition between 2003 and 2005.
Publication
Bjerrum is the author of Simple Japanese, published in 2007 by Quadrille Publishing.
Personal life
Bjerrum lives in London's Acton district, with their partner and two children. They list visiting fish suppliers as their hobby.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Danish restaurateurs
Women restaurateurs
Danish chefs
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Montedio Yamagata on loan from Shimizu S-Pulse.
Club career
In 2019, Disaro joined J3 League team Giravanz Kitakyushu after playing for Hosei University. In their debut season, they scored 16 goals and helped Giaravanz gain promotion to the J2 League. In their second season, Disaro finished with 18 goals and was second top-scorer in the division behind Peter Utaka. During this season, Disaro was awarded the August J.League Monthly MVP award after contributing 6 goals and 2 assists in 6 games.
In December 2020, Disaro moved to J1 League club Shimizu S-Pulse. They played one full season at the club, before moving on loan to Montedio Yamagata mid-way through the 2022 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Japanese footballers
Japanese people of Italian descent
Association football forwards
Giravanz Kitakyushu players
Shimizu S-Pulse players
Montedio Yamagata players
J1 League players
J2 League players
J3 League players
Association football people from Tokyo
Buderim ( ) is an urban centre on the Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia. It sits on a mountain which overlooks the southern Sunshine Coast communities. In the , the urban area of Buderim had a population of 54,483.
The name "Buderim" is usually believed to be derived from a local Kabi Kabi Aboriginal word for the hairpin honeysuckle, (Badderam) Banksia spinulosa var. collina. However, as the environment on the mountain before British occupation was one of dense rainforest not Banksia heath, the name may have come from the Yugambeh word budherahm meaning sacred or spiritual.
Geography
The town of Buderim is not strictly bounded, but as at the 2011 census the Australian Bureau of Statistics classifies Buderim based on the boundaries of the following suburbs:
Buderim
Kunda Park
Mons
Mountain Creek
Sippy Downs
Tanawha
Historically, until the 2001 census, a section of Buderim within about of Sunshine Motorway, as well as Mountain Creek, were considered parts of the neighbouring Maroochydore urban centre.
History
Buderim is an Kabi word meaning honeysuckle or red soil. The name is also said to come from a Yugambeh word Budherahm, meaning sacred or spiritual.
In 1862, Tom Petrie set out from Brisbane with 25 Turrbal and Kabi Kabi men including Billy Dingy and Wanangga to search for cedar in the Maroochy area. They ascended Buderim mountain where they saw forests of fine timber, then had the satisfaction of being the first to cut a cedar tree there.' Buderim was seen as a resource for timbergetters, as huge stands of Beech and Australian Red Cedar grew across the mountain. Some trees were so large they were wasted due to the lack of transport to carry them down to the river for despatch to Brisbane.
Once clear felled, the plateau was used for farming. The rich red volcanic soil found on Buderim made the area particularly suited to growing almost everything, from bananas to small crops. The most notable were ginger, the crop which made Buderim famous and coffee (in the 20th century) .
Coffee was first grown commercially by Gustav Riebe in 1881 who grew the crops among rows of banana suckers on their 300 acres of land. Riebe was a tea merchant, established in Queen Street Brisbane, who was offering a variety of teas for sale at their Oriental Tea Warehouse. Mr Riebe obviously knew about tea and coffee, and even designed their own machinery to prepare the dried beans for market. Another Buderim coffee farming pioneer was E.J. Burnett who in 1899 sent coffee samples to Earl's Court Exhibition in London winning a gold medal diploma. Previously Mr Burnett had sent coffee to the Colonial and Indian Exhibition in London in 1886 and received a certificate of merit and a bronze medal. By 1911, Buderim was the largest coffee growing area in the state.
Buderim Mountain Post Office opened on 1 June 1884 (a receiving office had been open from 1874). It was renamed Buderim by 1897.
In 1887, James Lindsay began to operate the Buderim Library from their home Ryhope. It is unclear when Buderim School of Arts was established but it was operating by 1889. In 1924 the old building was removed and a new building was constructed. The stump capping ceremony for the new building was held on Saturday 6 September 1924. The new building was officially opened on Friday 14 November 1924 by the Speaker of the Queensland Legislative Assembly William Bertram and the Buderim Library operated from the new building. The hall was renovated in 1989 enabling the library to double in size.
Buderim Methodist Church was established in 1907 on the corner of Gloucester Road and King Street. A new church was built in 1963. Following the amalgamation of the Methodist Church into the Uniting Church in Australia in 1977, it became the Buderim Uniting Church. The current church building was built in 1998. On 3 February 2013 the church established a Garden of Remembrance for the interment of cremated ashes.
On 5 May 1917, Reverend C. Tunstall (Vicar of Maroochy) performed the stump capping ceremony for the new Anglican church. St Mark's Anglican Church was dedicated on Saturday 25 July 1917 by Bishop Henry Le Fanu. It was rebuilt and re-dedicated in 1988.
In the middle of the 20th century, the largest ginger processing facility in the southern hemisphere was built, and operated as the Buderim Ginger Factory until 1980 when operations were moved to a new facility near Yandina. As the value of their produce was eroded, many farmers left the land to find work elsewhere.
The Buderim War Memorial Hall and Library was extended in 1966. The extension provided space for the Buderim branch of the Queensland Country Women's Association which moved into the extended facility.
In 2011 the average value of Buderim real estate was $475,000 and, largely due to its altitude, its proximity to the Sunshine Coast beaches and its pleasant climate, has increased to $595,000, and this has pressured many others out of the rural lifestyle, as housing development increased in and around Buderim Mountain. Thanks to the huge leap in real estate values during the first decade of 2000, steep land was developed that was previously deemed too expensive to engineer for housing. Due to these developments, the remainder of the farming land and much of the secondary growth rainforest on the escarpment has disappeared. Substantial rainforest remnants remain, especially in the protected area known as the Foote Sanctuary which provides well-maintained public walking paths and BBQ facilities. There is also access to the Buderim Falls. The area is home to an abundance of native wildlife, notably king parrots and lorikeets. Brush turkeys are also a common sight, as are families of kangaroos and wallabies.
Nowadays, the Mountain is notable for the enormous variety of its architectural styles, which range from the classic 'Queenslander' to ultra-modern one-off designs. Some homes, especially those 'on top' with ocean views, sell for seven-figure sums. One celebrated 'mansion', straddling four blocks, has recently been on the market for 'offers close to $20 million'.
Buderim contains a significant heritage relic of the early days in the form of Pioneer Cottage, restored and cared for by the Buderim Historical Society.
Between 1914 and 1935, a small gauge railway ran from Buderim to Palmwoods, to take produce from Buderim farms to market. The railway was closed down in 1935 when improved roads and truck transport made it economically redundant. A substantial section of the old track has been cleared and now provides a fine scenic walking trail running parallel to Mons Road. The magnificent old Krauss steam locomotive which previously hauled the carriages along this track is currently undergoing restoration and is planned for public display in the centre of Buderim, when sufficient funds are raised.
Along with a number of other regional Australian newspapers owned by NewsCorp, the Buderim Chronicle newspaper ceased publication in June 2020.
Heritage listings
Buderim has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:
5 Ballinger Crescent: Pioneer Cottage
12 Dixon Road: Canambie Homestead
8-42 Main Street (): Buderim Mountain State School
10 Orme Road: Buderim House
Telco Road: Palmwoods-Buderim Tramway
Transport
Buderim's suburbs are served by Sunbus Sunshine Coast, who operate a transfer station at Buderim Market Place, and a bus station at University of the Sunshine Coast. Various bus routes connect Buderim to Maroochydore, Caloundra, Nambour and other centres.
Population
Census populations for the Buderim urban centre have been recorded since 1933. Due to a substantial redefinition of Buderim before the 2001 census, the first column records the UC/L population to 1996 and its component parts thereafter; the second records the SLA based on time series data.
Education
The University of the Sunshine Coast is located near Buderim at Sippy Downs.
The area is exceptionally well-served for both state and private schools, including:
Buderim Mountain State School caters for Prep to Year 6. The school opened on 5 July 1875.
Chancellor State College (secondary 2004; primary 1997)
Mountain Creek State School (1994)
Mountain Creek State High School (1995)
Immanuel Lutheran College (1982)
Matthew Flinders Anglican College (1989)
Montessori International College (1982)
Siena Catholic Primary School (2001)
Siena Catholic College (1997)
Sunshine Coast Grammar School (1997)
Chevallum State School (1921)
A primary school operated in nearby Mons from 7 February 1916 to 31 December 1974.
Amenities
Buderim Library is at 3 Main Street (). It is operated by volunteers and is funded by memberships and other fund railsing.
The Sunshine Coast Regional Council operates a mobile library service which visits Lindsay Road opposite the Post Office and North Buderim Boulevard.
The Buderim branch of the Queensland Country Women's Association meets at the QCWA Rooms at 3 Main Street.
St Mark's Anglican Church is at 7 Main Street (). Services and other events are held Sunday to Thursday.
Buderim Uniting Church is at 2-10 Gloucester Road ().
Attractions
The Buderim Heritage Walk introduces visitors to the history of Buderim through a walk through the historic places in the town.
Notable people
Bindi Irwin, actor, television presenter and conservationist, was born in Buderim
Robert Irwin, conservationist, was born in Buderim
Peggy Kelman, OBE Australian pioneer aviator, died in Buderim
Mitch Larkin, Australian Swimmer, born in Buderim
Russell Skerman, Supreme Court Judge, retired to Buderim
Edna Walling, landscape designer, retired to Buderim
Jessica Watson, OAM, Australian sailor, resident of Buderim
See also
List of tramways in Queensland
References
External links
Buderim Web Site
Buderim: The source of dream coffee beans in 19th century Queensland, John Oxley Library Blog, State Library of Queensland.
Towns in Queensland
Sunshine Coast Region
Orest Romashyna (born October 27, 1946 in Rheine, Allied-occupied Germany) is a Canadian former ice hockey left winger of Ukrainian descent.
Romashyna was drafted 3rd overall by the Boston Bruins in the 1963 NHL Amateur Draft, but they neither played in the National Hockey League nor ever turned professional.
External links
Profile at hockeydraftcentral.com
1946 births
Living people
People from Rheine
Sportspeople from Münster (region)
Boston Bruins draft picks
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Siwalik is a highland region between the Mahabharat and Chure mountain ranges in Nepal.
The region has huge deposits of calcium carbonate and of important minerals such as iron, sulfur, and copper; the deposits however, are generally of sub-economic grades that currently are not worth exploiting. The Siwalik Hills are regarded as the most tectonically dynamic zone of the Himalaya, the region's altitude increasing at a rate of 3 mm to 4 mm per year. This is consistent with a rate of upward expansion of kilometres per million years, which in turn implies that the formation is geologically young and tectonically exceptionally active; the substance of the terrain is accordingly crumbly. The hills extend in a narrow east-west belt, only some 15–20 km in width, which marks the northern boundary of the plains of Terai and the southern boundary of Middle-hill Mountains.
The region is important for two reasons in particular. Firstly, it is the prime source of sediments for the plain of Terai — torrents flowing down the steep gradients erode material from the fragile rock and transport it downstream. The streams slow down as they flow onto the plain, and in consequence they deposit their burden of silt, thereby filling or clogging the streambeds and raising their levels. This aggravates flooding problems in the plains. On the credit side however, the silt replenishes the nutrient content of the soil of the downstream lowland plains, which produce more than 80% of Nepal's agricultural food supply.
The second important aspect of the significance of the Siwalik region and associated concerns, is that it supports dense sub-tropical forest. Deforestation is increasing in consequence of demands for timber, firewood and litter from the local population. In spite of its protective cover of vegetation, the Siwalik is subject to severe erosion that creates gullies and promotes landslides. This is partly because of the crumbly texture of its pedology and partly because of the intensity of the regional rainfall. The effects of tectonic uplifting may also contribute to the problem, but studies to establish their contribution currently are inadequate. The erosion is of primary concern, both as the main source of sediments and of associated hazards such as debris flow, and the progression of erosion is accelerating the decrease and degradation of the forest resources.
Siwalik rocks are the upper tertiary rocks which are exposed in himalayan foothill zone extending from hardwar in UP to Assam. These are also described as Siwalik group
Geography of Nepal
Regions of Nepal
Kemerağzı, Antalya is a village in the District of Aksu, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Antalya District
Jaime Lamo de Espinosa y Michels de Champourcin (born 4 April 1941) is a Spanish politician from the Union of the Democratic Centre (UCD) who served as Minister of Agriculture from February 1978 to December 1981.
References
1941 births
Living people
Government ministers of Spain
20th-century Spanish politicians
Agriculture ministers of Spain
Eudora may refer to:
Places
Eudora, Arkansas, a city
Eudora, Kansas, a city
Eudora Township, Douglas County, Kansas
Eudora, Mississippi, an unincorporated community
Eudora, Missouri, an unincorporated community
Other
217 Eudora, an asteroid
Eudora (album), an album by The Get Up Kids
Eudora (band), a rock band from Orange County California
Eudora (email client)
Eudora (mythology), the name of three nymphs in Greek mythology
Eudora (Peanuts), a minor Peanuts comic strip character
Eudora Internet Mail Server
Eudora, a character voiced by Oprah Winfrey in the Disney animated film The Princess and the Frog (2009)
People with the given name
Eudora Stone Bumstead (1860–1892), American poet, hymnwriter
Eudora Welty (1909–2001), an American writer
English feminine given names
Given names of Greek language origin
Eois phaneroscia is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas and Sundaland. The habitat consists of lowland alluvial forests, hill dipterocarp forests, lower montane forests and scrubby montane forests.
References
Moths described in 1922
Eois
Moths of Asia
The Battle of North West Six is the second album by the Keef Hartley Band. At the time, Hartley's six-piece group was appearing augmented with a brass section as The Keef Hartley Big Band, and a number of songs on the album feature this extended line-up.
Track listing
1969 LP
Deram SML 1054 (UK), DES 18035 (US)
"The Dansette Kid / "Hartley Jam for Bread" (Fiona Hewitson, Spit James, Keef Hartley, Gary Thain) – 3:59
"Don't Give Up" (Hewitson, James, Hartley, Thain) – 4:07
"Me and My Woman" (Gene Barge) – 4:24
"Hickory" (Hewitson, James, Hartley, Thain) – 2:45
"Don't Be Afraid" (Hewitson, James, Hartley, Peter Dines, Thain) – 4:25
"Not Foolish, Not Wise" (Hewitson, James, Hartley, Thain) – 3:56
"Waiting Around" (Hewitson, Hartley, Thain) – 2:29
"Tadpole" (Hewitson, Hartley, Thain) – 7:00
"Poor Mabel (You're Just Like Me)" (Hewitson, James, Hartley, Thain) – 3:08
"Believe In You" (Hewitson, Hartley, Thain) – 5:23
Fiona Hewitson is Miller Anderson writing under their wife's name for contractual reasons.
1995 CD reissue
One Way Records OW 30333
Same track listing as the 1969 LP
Personnel
Keef Hartley Band
Keef Hartley – drums, percussion
Miller Anderson – vocals, guitars (various)
Henry Lowther – trumpet, flugelhorn, violin, brass arrangements
Jim Jewell – tenor saxophone
Gary Thain – bass guitar
"Spit James" (real name: Ian Cruickshank) – guitar (Tracks 1 & 5)
Additional musicians
Mick Weaver – organ, piano, percussion
Mike Davis – trumpet
Harry Beckett – trumpet, flugelhorn
Lyn Dobson – tenor saxophone, flute
Chris Mercer – tenor saxophone
Barbara Thompson – baritone saxophone, flute
Ray Warleigh – flute
Mick Taylor – guitar (Track 10)
Technical
Neil Slaven – producer
Derek Varnals – engineer
Adrian Martins, John Punter – assistant engineers
Art Wood - artwork
Richard Sacks - photography
References
1969 albums
Keef Hartley Band albums
Deram Records albums
The Halley Armada is the name of a series of space probes, five of which were successful, sent to examine Halley's Comet during its 1986 sojourn through the inner Solar System, connected with apparition "1P/1982 U1". The armada included one probe from the European Space Agency, two probes that were joint projects between the Soviet Union and France and two probes from the Institute of Space and Astronautical Science in Japan. Notably, NASA did not contribute a probe to the Halley Armada.
Main space probes
Probes involved (in order of the closest approach):
Giotto (596 km), the first space probe to get close-up color images of the nucleus of a comet. (ESA)
Vega 2 (8,030 km), which dropped a balloon probe and lander on Venus before going on to Halley. (USSR/France Intercosmos)
Vega 1 (8,889 km), which dropped a balloon probe and lander on Venus before going on to Halley. (USSR/France Intercosmos)
Suisei (151,000 km), also known as PLANET-A. Data from Sakigake was used to improve upon Suisei for its dedicated mission to study Halley. (ISAS)
Sakigake (6.99 million km), Japan's first probe to leave the Earth system, mainly a test of interplanetary mission technology. (ISAS)
Without the measurements from the other space probes, Giotto's closest distance would have been 4,000 km instead of the 596 km achieved.
Other missions
Other space probes had their instruments examining Halley's Comet:
Pioneer 7 was launched on August 17, 1966. It was put into heliocentric orbit with a mean distance of 1.1 AU to study the solar magnetic field, the solar wind, and cosmic rays at widely separated points in solar orbit. On 20 March 1986, the spacecraft flew within 12.3 million kilometers of Halley's Comet and monitored the interaction between the cometary hydrogen tail and the solar wind.
Pioneer Venus Orbiter in orbit of Venus, was positioned perfectly to take measurements of Halley's Comet during its perihelion February 9, 1986. Its UV-spectrometer observed the water loss when Halley's Comet was difficult to observe from the Earth.
International Cometary Explorer, which was repurposed as a cometary probe in 1982 and visited Comet Giacobini-Zinner in 1985, transited between the Sun and Halley's Comet in late March 1986 and took measurements.
Failed and cancelled missions
The Space Shuttle Challenger, on its launch on January 28th, 1986, was carrying SPARTAN-203 with the mission to make observations of Halley's Comet. STS-51L failed to reach orbit, resulting in the total loss of crew and vehicle. That launch failure resulted in the cancellation of dozens of subsequent shuttle missions, including the next scheduled launch, STS-61-E, planned for March 6, 1986, with a payload including the ASTRO-1 observatory, which was intended to make astronomical observations of Halley's Comet.
Presumed observations from space
Any observations of Halley's Comet made by the crew of Soyuz T-15, which made the first trip to the Mir space station and the last to Salyut 7 in March 1986, are unknown.
References
External links
Image of Halley in 1986 by Giotto spacecraft (ESA Giotto. Archive.org, 27 Sep 2011)
Soviet space probes
European Space Agency space probes
NASA space probes
Japanese space probes
Mayhill is an unincorporated community in Otero County, New Mexico, United States. It is surrounded by the Lincoln National Forest on the eastern slope of the Sacramento Mountains, at the confluence of James Canyon and Rio Penasco, approximately 17 miles east of Cloudcroft. The elevation is 6580 feet.
Education
It is in within the Cloudcroft Municipal Schools district.
References
Unincorporated communities in New Mexico
Unincorporated communities in Otero County, New Mexico
Denis Vitalyevich Koberskiy (; born 24 February 1974 in Khabarovsk) is a former Russian football player.
Their father Vitali Koberskiy is a coach and a former player.
References
1974 births
Sportspeople from Khabarovsk
Living people
Soviet footballers
FC Luch Vladivostok players
Russian footballers
FC Zhemchuzhina Sochi players
Russian Premier League players
FC Kuban Krasnodar players
FC Oryol players
FC Okean Nakhodka players
Association football midfielders
Princeton Application Repository for Shared-Memory Computers (PARSEC) is a benchmark suite composed of multi-threaded emerging workloads that is used to evaluate and develop next-generation chip-multiprocessors. It was collaboratively created by Intel and Princeton University to drive research efforts on future computer systems. Since its inception the benchmark suite has become a community project that is continued to be improved by a broad range of research institutions. PARSEC is freely available and is used for both academic and non-academic research.
Background
The introduction of chip-multiprocessors required computer manufacturers to rewrite software for the first time to take advantage of parallel processing capabilities, including rewriting existing systems for testing and development. At that time parallel software only existed in very specialized areas. However, before chip-multiprocessors became commonly available software developers were not willing to rewrite any mainstream programs, which means hardware manufacturers did not have access to any programs for test and development purposes that represented the expected real-world program behavior accurately. This posed a hen-and-egg problem that motivated a new type of benchmark suite with parallel programs that could take full advantage of chip-multiprocessors.
PARSEC was created to break this circular dependency. It was designed to fulfill the following five objectives:
Focuses on multithreaded applications
Includes emerging workloads
Has a diverse selection of programs
Workloads employ state-of-art techniques
The suite supports research
Traditional benchmarks that were publicly available before PARSEC were generally limited in their scope of included application domains or typically only available in an unparallelized, serial version. Parallel programs were only prevalent in the domain of High-Performance Computing and on a much smaller scale in business environments. Chip-multiprocessors however were expected to be heavily used in all areas of computing such as with parallelized consumer applications.
Workloads
The PARSEC Benchmark Suite is available in version 2.1, which includes the following workloads:
Blackscholes
Bodytrack
Canneal
Dedup
Facesim
Ferret
Fluidanimate
Freqmine
Raytrace
Streamcluster
Swaptions
Vips
X264
References
External links
The PARSEC Benchmark Suite
The PARSEC Wiki
Benchmarks (computing)
Evaluation of computers
A Southern Yankee (also known as The Spy) is a 1948 American MGM comedy film directed by Edward Sedgwick and starring Red Skelton and Arlene Dahl.
The film is loosely based on Buster Keaton's The General (1926). Skelton plays a Union soldier who spies on the Confederacy during the American Civil War. Keaton served as a technical advisor for the film.
Plot
In 1865, Aubrey Filmore works as a bellboy at the Palmer Hotel in St. Louis. Aubrey wants to work as a spy for the federal government and contacts Colonel Clifford M. Baker at the Secret Service to ask if they can help their elite spy unit, but Baker refuses the request.
Posters are distributed warning the public of a cunning spy named the Grey Spider. When Major Jack Drumman comes to stay at the hotel, Aubrey discovers that they are the Grey Spider, but the major catches Aubrey and tries to force them to wear Confederate clothes to look like the Grey Spider so that they can shoot them as a spy.
Before the major's plan is realized, Aubrey accidentally knocks them unconscious. Major Drumman's alluring accomplice Sallyann Weatharby enters and Aubrey falls in love with them Aubrey agrees to join Sallyann, posing as the Drumman, to a meeting with important Confederate spies.
Before Aubrey leaves the hotel, they leave a message for Baker telling them of their plans. Aubrey is then involved in a complicated scheme to intercept the Union forces and is given the important task of delivering the Union battle plans to the Confederate General Watkins.  They are ordered to meet up with Sallyann at Morgan's Landing, a hospital near the battlefront.
Upon returning to Colonel Baker with the plans, Aubrey helps to make fake plans to replace the real ones, and is reluctantly ordered by the colonel to continue posing as Drumman and also to deliver instructions to a Union spy. Aubrey mixes up the plans and instructions and because they are wearing Confederate and Union uniforms at the same time, both armies shoot at them and they are knocked unconscious.  They are carried to Morgan's Landing and Sallyann is there waiting for them as planned.
Sallyann's fiancé Kurt Devlynn, who is also a spy, is there. As Sallyann has fallen in love with Aubrey, they tell Kurt that they now love Drumman. Aubrey wakes, finds the lost instructions and escapes the hospital.
Kurt tells their men to dress in Union uniforms and intercept Aubrey (whom they believe to be Drumman) to steal the battle plans. When arriving at Sallyann's father's plantation, Aubrey mistakenly delivers the spy instructions instead of the plans, and Union spies steal the plans and Confederate spies retrieve them. General Watkins receives the plans and Aubrey's Union spy contact Captain Lorford receives the instructions.
That night, Aubrey is courting Sallyann when they are supposed to be stealing the plans from the general. The Confederates realize that a Union spy is in the house and set a trap to catch him. But instead of catching Aubrey, they catch the real Grey Spider, Drumman, believing that they are a Union spy.
As everyone thinks that the Union spy has been caught, Aubrey is able to get the plans from General Watkins. But soon after, Drumman's father appears and exposes Aubrey. When Aubrey is brought outside to be executed for treason, they are saved by Sallyann, and end of the war is declared.
Cast
Red Skelton as Aubrey Filmore
Brian Donlevy as Kurt Devlynn
Arlene Dahl as Sallyann Weatharby
George Coulouris as Maj. Drumman
Lloyd Gough as Capt. Steve Lorford
John Ireland as Capt. Jed Calbern
Minor Watson as Gen. Watkins
Charles Dingle as Col. Weatherby
Art Baker as Col. Clifford M. Baker
Reed Hadley as Fred Munsey
Arthur Space as Mark Haskins
Joyce Compton as Hortense Dobson
Stanley Andrews as Secret Service Agent
Richard Alexander as Bartender (uncredited)
Harry Cording as Horseman (uncredited)
Ian MacDonald as Orderly (uncredited)
Paul Newlan as Man with Saber (uncredited)
Reception
The film earned $1,981,000 in the U.S. and Canada and $566,000 elsewhere, resulting in a profit of $263,000.
References
External links
1948 films
1948 comedy films
American black-and-white films
American Civil War films
American Civil War spy films
1930s English-language films
Films directed by Edward Sedgwick
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films with screenplays by Buster Keaton
American comedy films
Abu ul-Ala Shirazi (died 1001) lived around the 10th century at the court of the Buyid emir 'Adud al-Dawla. They found that arsenic could cure malaria.
References
10th-century births
Year of birth unknown
1001 deaths
Malariologists
10th-century Iranian physicians
People under the Buyid dynasty
The Renno Amish, also called Beachy Amish or "black toppers" are a subgroup of Amish that was formed in 1863 in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania. They are the moderately conservative Old Order Amish group in Kishacoquillas Valley, locally called Big Valley, but still relatively conservative compared with the Amish of other regions.
History
Amish settled in Mifflin County as early as 1791, coming from Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. In the 1840s there were three Amish congregations in the region. In 1849 one district divided from the two others, forming the Byler Amish, the first subgroup in North America that divided because of doctrinal differences.
The Beachy Amish emerged from a conflict between two bishops of the remaining districts, Abraham Peachey, and Solomon Beiler, in the 1850s. Beiler was one of several Amish Bishops at that time that had begun to baptize their congregation in streams rather than homes, a practice that did not sit well with Peachey, who preferred the traditional method of house baptism. In 1861, when it became clear that the conflict could not be resolved, the two districts separated, with Peachey's district becoming the Peachey Amish. The group that followed Beiler became Amish Mennonites and eventually Mennonites.
Belief and practice
The Renno Amish have a more relaxed attitude concerning dress and home decoration than other Old Order Amish of the region. Homes are painted white and barns are typically red as in many Amish groups. Half-length curtains and screens are commonly found in homes and indoor plumbing is allowed. Their Ordnung allows men to wear only one suspender, while women wear black bonnets. Because their buggies have black tops they are called "black toppers". There are also Amish with white (Nebraska Amish) and yellow (Byler Amish) tops in the Big Valley.
Settlements and congregations
In 1900 the Beachy Amish—i.e., the Renno Amish—had 3 districts with 250 members, in 1956 they had 3 districts with 205 members. As of 2000, the Renno Amish had about a dozen church districts primarily in Pennsylvania. Around 2011 they had 19 congregations in four settlements in two states.
References
Religious organizations established in 1863
Amish
Old Order Amish
Hannu Koponen (born 8 November 1959, in Kaavi) is a Finnish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion.
Awards
They received a gold medal in the short course, a gold medal in the relay, and a silver medal in the long course at the 1988 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Kuopio.
See also
Finnish orienteers
List of orienteers
List of orienteering events
References
1959 births
Living people
People from Kaavi
Finnish orienteers
Male orienteers
Ski-orienteers
Sportspeople from North Savo
John Marr and Other Sailors is a volume of poetry published by Herman Melville in 1888. Melville published twenty-five copies at their own expense, indicating that they were intended for family and friends. Henry Chapin wrote in an introduction to a reprint that "Melville's loveable freshness of personality is everywhere in evidence, in the voice of a true poet".
The "Inscription Epistolary" is to William Clark Russell, a British sea-story author who called Melville "the greatest genius the [United States] has produced" and "first" among the "poets of the deep". Like Timoleon, their other volume of late verse, scholars have assumed that it was a "private work of art", symptomatic of their withdrawal from the literary world. Melville was putting this collection together as they were also drafting Billy Budd, which, like several poems in this collection, had prose headnotes followed by full poems.
The poems
The poems include "John Marr", "Bridegroom Dick", "Tom Deadlight", "Jack Roy", "The Haglets", "The Æolian Harp", "To the Master of the 'Meteor'", "Far off-Shore", "The Man-of-War Hawk", "The Figure-Head", "The Good Craft 'Snow-Bird'", "Old Counsel", "The Tuft of Kelp", "The Maldive Shark", "To Ned", "Crossing the Tropics", "The Berg", "The Enviable Isles", and "Pebbles I-VII".
The critic F. O. Matthiessen finds an "oblique parable" to the bleakness of Melville's own later years in the title poem, "John Marr". In it, Marr, an old sailor, has left the "vastness of the sea for the vastness of the prairies". Melville's preface to the poem says that the pioneers there were "kindly", but "staid" and "sincerely, however narrowly, religious". They lacked "the free-and-easy tavern clubs ... in certain old and comfortable seaport towns", and were lacking "geniality, the flower of life springing from some sense of joy in it". But when Marr tried to enliven the occasion with a story of their adventures at sea, the blacksmith honestly said to him: "Friend, we know nothing of that here".
References
Notes
External links
John Marr and Other Sailors: An Online Electronic ‘Facsimile' Text of the First Edition (1888) DigitalCommons@University of Nebraska - Lincoln
American poetry collections
An Jae-song (born 3 May 1934) is a South Korean former sports shooter. They competed at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics and 1966 Asian Games.
References
1934 births
Living people
South Korean male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of South Korea
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 1966 Asian Games
South Korean military personnel
People from South Pyongan
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
20th-century South Korean people
21st-century South Korean people
Ishita Moitra (born 1983) is a screenwriter based in Mumbai, India.
Life
Moitre was born on 8 August 1983 in Bareilly in Uttar Pradesh.
Anearly work was the 2009 film Kambakht Ishq which they wrote with the director Sabir Khan.
They have written several films, Hindi TV shows and web series. Them work includes contributions to the script for the 2020 film Shakuntala Devi.
Work
Kambakkht Ishq Screenplay
Always Kabhi Kabhi Screenplay & Dialogues
Mere Dad Ki Maruti Dialogues
Dekha Ek Khwaab Dialogues
Bade Achhe Lagte Hain Dialogues
Khotey Sikkey Dialogues
Ajeeb Daastaan Hai Ye Dialogues
Ragini MMS 2 Dialogues
Noor Dialogues
Half Girlfriend Dialogues
The Test Case Dialogues
Bepannaah
Four More Shots Please! Dialogues
Shakuntala Devi Dialogues
References
Indian women screenwriters
Living people
Screenwriters from Mumbai
Women writers from Maharashtra
Hindi screenwriters
1983 births
The Seven from Texas ( , , also known as Seven Guns from Texas and Hour of Death) is a 1964 Spanish-Italian western film directed by Joaquín Luis Romero Marchent. It was shown as part of a retrospective on Spaghetti Western at the 64th Venice International Film Festival.
Cast
References
External links
1964 films
Italian Western (genre) films
Spaghetti Western films
Spanish Western (genre) films
1964 Western (genre) films
Texas in fiction
Films directed by Joaquín Luis Romero Marchent
Films shot in Almería
1960s Italian films
Friedrich Pützer (25 July 1871 – 31 January 1922) was a German architect and urban planner.
Pützer was born in Aachen. They were known mainly as a Protestant church architect, making numerous constructions or renovations of churches in the Rhine-Main area, particularly in Darmstadt. In 1910 they designed Lutherkirche in Wiesbaden. In 1912 they designed Darmstadt Hauptbahnhof. They died in Frankfurt.
Life
The son of Joseph Pützer (1831–1913), prinical in Aachen and Elisabeth Zander studied at the University of Technology in Aachen. In 1897 they move to Darmstadt and assisted Karl Hofmann, Erwin Marx and Georg Wickop at the Technical University of Darmstadt.
External links
Art Nouveau architects
19th-century German architects
German urban planners
1871 births
1922 deaths
People from Aachen
Technische Universität Darmstadt faculty
20th-century German architects
Results from the 1982 Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three held at Monte Carlo on May 22, 1982, in the Circuit de Monaco.
Classification
Monaco Grand Prix Formula Three
Bambous may refer to:
Bambous, Mauritius, a village in the district of Rivière Noire, Mauritius
Bambous, Gabon
Bambous, Martinique
"Bambous", a song by Caravan Palace on their 2008 debut album
Mount Herard is a high and prominent mountain summit in the Sangre de Cristo Range of the Rocky Mountains of North America. The thirteener is located in the Sangre de Cristo Wilderness of Great Sand Dunes National Preserve, southeast (bearing 132°) of the Town of Crestone in Saguache County, Colorado, United States.
Mountain
Originally called Medano Peak, the mountain with seven separate summits was renamed Mount Seven at the request of the Colorado Mountain Club in 1970. In 1984 the mountain's name was changed to honor Ulysses Herard who homesteaded on its slopes in 1876.
Historical names
Herard Peak
Medano Peak
Mount Cleveland
Mount Herard – 1984
Mount Seven – 1970
XL Mountain
See also
List of mountain peaks of North America
List of mountain peaks of the United States
List of mountain peaks of Colorado
References
External links
Herard
Herard
Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve
Herard
Herard
Çobanlı is a village in the District of Ardahan, Ardahan Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Ardahan District
Doru Mihai Pintilii (born 9 November 1984) is a Romanian former professional footballer who serves as an assistant for Liga I club FCSB.
A midfielder known for their combative playing style, Pintilii started out at Viitorul Hârlău and Auxerre Lugoj. They then appeared in over 210 top flight matches for Jiul Petroșani, Internațional Curtea de Argeș, Pandurii Târgu Jiu and FC Steaua București combined. During their career, they also had brief stints abroad with Al-Hilal and Hapoel Tel Aviv, respectively.
Internationally, Pintilii amassed 43 caps for the Romania national team between 2011 and 2018, and represented the country in the UEFA Euro 2016.
Club career
Steaua București
In May 2012, Steaua București signed Mihai Pintilii from Pandurii Târgu Jiu for undisclosed fee. They also loaned Mihai Răduț to Pandurii. On 2 March 2013, they scored two goals in a Liga I game against Gaz Metan Mediaș.
Al-Hilal
On 7 June 2014, Pintilii signed a three-year $3.9 million plus bonuses contract with Al-Hilal. They were an important part of the team that reached the final of the 2014 AFC Champions League, where Al-Hilal were defeated by Western Sydney Wanderers.
Hapoel Tel Aviv
On 19 June 2015, they signed a three-year contract with Israeli top-flight club Hapoel Tel Aviv.
International career
Pintilii made their debut for the Romania national team on 10 August 2011, in a 1–0 friendly win over San Marino.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Romania's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Pintilii goal.
Honours
Auxerre Lugoj
Divizia C: 2005–06
Steaua București
Liga I: 2012–13, 2013–14
Cupa României runner-up: 2013–14
Supercupa României: 2013
Cupa Ligii: 2015–16
Al-Hilal
Saudi Crown Prince Cup runner-up: 2014–15
AFC Champions League runner-up: 2014
Pandurii Târgu Jiu
Cupa Ligii runner-up: 2014–15
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Iași
Romanian footballers
Association football midfielders
Liga I players
Liga II players
CSM Jiul Petroșani players
FC Internațional Curtea de Argeș players
CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu players
FC Steaua București players
Saudi Professional League players
Al Hilal SFC players
Israeli Premier League players
Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C. players
Romania international footballers
UEFA Euro 2016 players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
The is a kei car/city car manufactured by the Japanese automaker Daihatsu since August 1995. The Move is Daihatsu's response to the similarly designed Suzuki Wagon R that was introduced two years earlier in 1993. The Move is built upon the chassis of the Mira but with a taller body.
First generation (L600; 1995)
The first-generation Move was designed by I.DE.A in Turin, Italy. It was marketed with a 659 cc three-cylinder engine in Japan and with an ED-20 engine in export markets. The Japanese domestic market models were internally designated L600, or L610 when equipped with four-wheel drive system; export models were internally designated L601. In 1997, a variant marketed as the Move Custom was introduced with larger headlamps and revised front styling, and was available in subsequent generations.
Daihatsu produced more than half a million L600/L610 Move models, mostly in Japan. It was imported to Europe, including the UK; its 1999 successor was not exported to Europe.
The Move was also offered with the turbocharged 659 cc JB-JL all-aluminium four-cylinder engine producing and using the internal designation L602; this version was only available with front-wheel drive. This four-cylinder version was originally the only version of the Move which was available with a four-speed automatic transmission; in May 1996 this became available with the turbocharged three-cylinder engine and proceeded to gradually spread downwards through the grades. The export model's ED-20 engine produced , offering more torque than the naturally aspirated 660 cc engines due to its larger displacement. The turbocharged engine was not offered in Europe due to its excessive emissions. The export model has a top speed of , in the version with an automatic transmission.
Second generation (L900; 1998)
The second-generation Move was introduced in October 1998 and was also marketed in Malaysia with slight modifications as the Perodua Kenari. Power of the Japanese market engines are for the basic EF-SE, for the 12-valve EF-VE and for the turbocharged EF-DET and JB-DET engines.
Third generation (L150; 2002)
The third-generation Move was introduced in October 2002 and has a derivative called Move Latte.
Fourth generation (L175; 2006)
The fourth-generation Move was introduced in October 2006 and its design was a departure from the boxy look of the previous generations. A KF-VE-type non-turbo engine and a continuously variable transmission (CVT) were available on this model. It has a derivative called Move Conte.
Fifth generation (LA100; 2010)
The fifth-generation Move was introduced in December 2010. The car is also sold by Subaru as the second-generation through an OEM agreement.
Daihatsu Move
Subaru Stella
Sixth generation (LA150; 2014)
The sixth-generation Move was introduced in Japan in December 2014, along with the third-generation Stella. This generation features a lightweight high-rigidity body structure with a reinforced underbody, improved suspension system, and a power mode-switching steering switch that allows drivers to change the control of the engine and CVT at the touch of a button. It has a derivative called Move Canbus.
Fuel economy is claimed at while turbocharged models (Custom models only) delivering .
Daihatsu Move
Subaru Stella
International markets
In Malaysia, Perodua manufactures a version of the Move called the Kenari.
In China, the FAW Tianjin joint venture between First Automobile Works and Toyota produces a petrol and electrical version of the Move. The electric version is exported to the US as the Miles ZX40.
The first two generation Moves were also exported to Europe, where they also went by the Japanese market name. Due to poor sales, Daihatsu did not export the third or fourth-generation Moves to Europe, making it strictly a Japanese domestic market model.
References
External links
(Move)
(Move Custom)
(Stella)
Move
Cars introduced in 1995
2000s cars
2010s cars
2020s cars
Kei cars
Hatchbacks
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Vehicles with CVT transmission
Helmut Schlöske (27 June 1904 – 9 October 1944) was a German athlete. They competed in the men's long jump at the 1928 Summer Olympics. They were killed in action during World War II.
References
External links
1904 births
1944 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1928 Summer Olympics
German male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Germany
Place of birth missing
German military personnel killed in World War II
is a district located in Fukui Prefecture, Japan. The district was formed on March 31, 2005 at the same time as the merger of the towns of Mikata (from Mikata District) and Kaminaka (from Onyū District) forming the town of Wakasa.
As of October 1, 2005, the district has an estimated population of 16,782 and a density of 93.94 persons per km2. The total area is 178.65 km2.
Towns and villages
Wakasa
Districts in Fukui Prefecture
Syedna Musa Kalimuddin Bin Syedna Zakiuddin (died on 22 Rabi ul Akhir 1122 AH/June 20, 1710/1711), Jamnagar, India) was the 36th Da'i al-Mutlaq (Absolute Missionary) of the Dawoodi Bohra sect of Islam. They succeeded the 35th Da'i Syedna Abduttayyeb Zakiuddin, to the religious post. Their period of Dawat was from 1110–1122 AH/ 1692–1711 AD.
Family
Syedna Musa was born during the tenure of Syedna Ismail Badruddin I to Syedna Abduttayyeb Zakiuddin II and Fatema AaiSaheba. Their brother was Syedi Shaikh Adam Safiyuddin and their son Syedna Noor Mohammad Nooruddin was their successor. Syedna Musa Kalimuddin was from the Moulaya Tarmal/Bharmal family.
Life
Syedna Ismail Badruddin I imparted knowledge to Syedna Musa. Syedna Musa was later educated in the religious institution headed by Syedi Khanji Feer. Syedna Musa played an active role in administration after their father succeeded as Dai.
Syedna Musa Kalimuddin became Da'i al-Mutlaq in 1110 AH /1692 AD.
They were extremely distressed due to harassment of the ruler of Jamnagar which made their health deteriorate rapidly.
Succession
They appointed Syedna Noor Mohammad Nooruddin as their successor in Ahmedabad during their visit and also at their deathbed.
 They are buried in Jamnagar, India.
References
Further reading
Daftary, Farhad, The Ismaili, Their History and Doctrine (Chapter -Mustalian Ismailism- p. 300-310)
Lathan, Young, Religion, Learning and Science
Bacharach, Joseph W. Meri, Medieval Islamic Civilisation
Dawoodi Bohra da'is
1711 deaths
Year of birth unknown
17th-century Ismailis
18th-century Ismailis
William Wallace "W. W." McCredie (April 27, 1862 – May 10, 1935) was a U.S. Representative from Washington.
Early years
Born in Montrose, Pennsylvania, McCredie moved to Iowa with their parents, who settled on a farm near Manchester in Delaware County. They attended the common schools, going on to graduate from Cornell College in 1885.
They taught school at Parkersburg, Iowa from 1885 to 1889.
They attended the law school of the University of Iowa in 1889 and 1890, then moved to Portland, Oregon in 1890 and completed the study of law. They were admitted to the bar the same year and commenced practice in Vancouver, Washington. During their early legal career, they served as prosecuting attorney of Clarke County, Washington from 1894 to 1896 and served as judge of the superior court at Vancouver, Washington from 1904 to 1909.
Baseball affiliation
In 1904, McCredie became part owner of the minor league Portland Beavers baseball club and hired their nephew Walt McCredie as the team's player-manager. At the time, the Portland club was part of the Pacific Coast League which was considered a high level minor league that frequently sent players to major league teams. McCredie was an active owner who helped with the organization and administration of the league in its early years. After the 1906 earthquake that devastated much of the league, McCredie used their own resources to maintain the operation of other clubs. McCredie also invested heavily in their own team and was the first owner to build grandstand seating for the team's fans.
Member of Congress and return to baseball
McCredie was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-first Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Francis W. Cushman and served from November 2, 1909, to March 3, 1911.
They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1910 to the Sixty-second Congress.
They resumed their interest in the Portland club of the Pacific Coast League, serving as president until 1921, when they retired.
They continued the practice of law in Portland until their death in that city on May 10, 1935.
They were interred in Lincoln Memorial Cemetery.
See also
McCredie Springs, Oregon
References
Sources
1862 births
1935 deaths
American people of Scottish descent
Cornell College alumni
University of Iowa College of Law alumni
Washington (state) state court judges
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Washington (state)
People from Delaware County, Iowa
People from Montrose, Pennsylvania
People from Parkersburg, Iowa
Politicians from Vancouver, Washington
"It's Showtime!!" is the thirty-fourth single by B'z, released on March 26, 2003. This song is one of B'z many number-one singles in Oricon charts.
Track listing
It's Showtime!! - 4:00
New Message - 3:57
Certifications
References
B'z performance at Oricon
External links
2003 singles
B'z songs
Oricon Weekly number-one singles
Songs written by Tak Matsumoto
Songs written by Koshi Inaba
Songs about music
Songs about theatre
Bayat is a village in the District of Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey.
References
Villages in Korkuteli District
DJ Frank may refer to:
DJ F.R.A.N.K., at times DJ Frank, Belgian DJ and record producer and at one time remixer of The Underdog Project
DJ Frank E, American DJ
Conan Unchained! is a 1984 adventure module for the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game that centers on an adventure of the fictional hero Conan the Barbarian and their companions.
Plot summary
Conan Unchained! is a scenario set during Conan's days as a Kozak raider and pirate on the Sea of Vilayet. The module includes rules for playing in the Hyborian Age with AD&D rules and provides character descriptions of Conan, Valeria, Juma, and Nestor from the Conan novels. Some of the scenes include being captured by Kozaks and traveling to a mysterious Island to rescue Princess Amrastisi.
Publication history
CB1 Conan Unchained! was written by David Cook, with art by Jeff Butler, and was published by TSR in 1984 as a 32-page booklet with an outer folder. Its TSR product code is TSR 9123.
Reception
Steve Hampshire gave the module a mixed review in Imagine magazine. Hampshire felt that the module did have "some uniquely 'Conan' features", such as an almost total absence of normal AD&D monsters, which were replaced by humans. Although they thought the plot was "simple and derivative", Hampshire noted that the module provided some interesting settings and encounters. Hampshire stated that the module played well in general despite some minor glitches, and felt the module would be good for introducing players to the Conan universe, but added that further installments in the series would need stronger plot lines.
Rick Swan reviewed the adventure in The Space Gamer No. 73. Swan felt that designer David Cook gave a good shot at what they thought was "a pretty cheesy assignment" by adding new rules such as a Fear Factor for monsters to inspire terror, Luck Points to allow player characters to perform heroic feats, and a healing rule to mend wounded characters faster. Swan felt Cook had approached the Conan universe with respect although it "isn't a particularly good choice for the D&D system" due to its more grounded world building and lack of magic. Swan concluded by saying that "Conan and D&D go together like peanut butter and tuna fish—it can be done, but you can bet there's going to be a funny taste."
Credits
David Cook: Design
Anne Gray: Editing
Elizabeth Riedel: Graphic design
Kitty Thompson: Graphic design
Jeff Butler: Interior art
See also
List of Dungeons & Dragons modules
Conan Against Darkness!
GURPS Conan
Conan Role-Playing Game
Conan: The Roleplaying Game
References
External links
The "CB" modules from The Acaeum
Dungeons & Dragons modules
Role-playing games based on Conan the Barbarian
{{Infobox football biography
| name = Wagner Querino
| image =
| fullname = Wagner Querino da Silva
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Pilar, Alagoas, Brazil
| height =
| position = Forward
Nickname'" Wagner Querino,park eun-ho and príncipe.
| currentclub =
| clubnumber =
| youthyears1 =
| youthclubs1 =
| years1 = 2010
| clubs1 = Londrina
| caps1 =
| goals1 =
| years2 = 2011
| clubs2 = Daejeon Citizen
| caps2 = 27
| goals2 = 11
| years3 = 2012
| clubs3 = Al Nassr
| caps3 = 7
| goals3 = 4
| years4 = 2013
| clubs4 = Al Hidd
| caps4 = 18
| goals4 = 14
| years5 = 2014
| clubs5 = FC Anyang
| caps5 = 17
| goals5 = 1
| nationalyears1 =
| nationalteam1 =
| nationalcaps1 =
| nationalgoals1 =
| pcupdate = 24 November 2014
| ntupdate =
}}Wagner Querino da Silva''' (born 31 January 1987) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for South Korean side FC Anyang as forward.
Wagner Querino joined South Korean club Daejeon Citizen on 20 January 2011 and registered for the league under the Korean name "Park Eun-ho" which is pronounced similarly to their real name.
References
External links
https://www.ogol.com.br/player.php?id=237298
https://www.sofascore.com/pt/jogador/wagner-querino/922597
https://fmdataba.com/pt/20/p/225855/wagner-querino/
https://soesporte.com.br/campinense-contrata-mais-tres-jogadores/
https://www.academiadasapostasmz.com/stats/person/brasil/wagner/178503
https://br.soccerway.com/players/wagner-da-silva/178503/
https://www.operarioferroviario.com.br/arquivos/noticias/operario-apresenta-reforcos-para-temporada-de-2016
https://namu.wiki/w/%EC%BC%80%EB%A6%AC%EB%88%84%20%EB%8B%A4%20%EC%8B%9C%EC%9A%B0%EB%B0%94%20%EB%B0%94%EA%B7%B8%EB%84%88
https://m.blog.naver.com/PostView.nhn?blogId=kyu6707&logNo=220928692095&proxyReferer=https:%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F
https://www.chosun.com/site/data/html_dir/2011/03/06/2011030601163.html
https://www.dhcfc.kr/dhboard/dhboard_view.php?page=118&no_seq=7309&buid=g_news&s_field=&s_value=
https://www.dhcfc.kr/dhboard/dhboard_view.php?page=117&no_seq=7376&buid=g_news&s_field=&s_value=
http://m.joongdo.co.kr/view.php?key=20110505000002002
http://m.daejonilbo.com/mnews.asp?pk_no=942103
https://zepero.com/691
http://m.egloos.zum.com/vampiro/v/3593905
http://m.blog.daum.net/wndydtndyd/4
http://www.ggilbo.com/news/articleView.html?idxno=53510
https://footballk.net/mediawiki/%EB%B0%94%EA%B7%B8%EB%84%882
http://www.cctoday.co.kr/news/articleView.html?idxno=620595
http://m.mediaus.co.kr/news/articleView.html?idxno=16553
https://news.joins.com/article/5525249
http://www.capo.co.kr/company/company_news_view.html?uqid=15&page=2
1987 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Daejeon Hana Citizen FC players
Al Nassr FC players
FC Anyang players
K League 1 players
K League 2 players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in South Korea
Expatriate footballers in South Korea
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Bahrain
Saudi Professional League players
Association football forwards
William Beeston was an actor.
William Beeston may also refer to:
William Beeston (colonial administrator)
William Beeston (MP for Newport, Isle of Wight) and for Yarmouth (Isle of Wight) (UK Parliament constituency)
Charles Bradley (15 May 1922 – 23 July 1984), also known as Charlie Bradley, was an English professional footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for York City, in non-League football for York Railway Institute and Scarborough, and played wartime football for York.
References
1922 births
Footballers from York
1984 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
York Railway Institute A.F.C. players
York City F.C. players
Scarborough F.C. players
English Football League players
York City F.C. wartime guest players
Association football midfielders
Peñon woman or Peñon Woman III is the name for the human remains, specifically a skull, of a Paleo-Indian woman found by an ancient lake bed in Pueblo Peñón de los Baños in Mexico City in 1959.
Discovery
Peñon Woman III was found on an island in the middle of Lake Texcoco.
The skeleton's age has been estimated by radiocarbon dating by Silvia Gonzalez of Liverpool John Moores University. Them 14C date is 10,755±55 years (12,705 cal years) BP.
 They are one of the oldest human remains found in the Americas.
Gonzalez theorizes that Peñon woman is related to the historic Pericú people of Baja California, who also shared similar physical traits.
See also
Archaeology of the Americas
Arlington Springs Man – (Human remains)
Buhl woman – (Human remains)
Calico Early Man Site – (Archeological site)
Cueva de las Manos – (Cave paintings)
Fort Rock Cave – (Archeological site)
Kennewick Man – (Human remains)
List of unsolved deaths
Luzia Woman – (Human remains)
Kwäday Dän Ts'ìnchi – (Human remains)
Marmes Rockshelter – (Archeological site)
Paisley Caves – (Archeological site)
Leanderthal Lady – (Human remains)
Forensic anthropology
Notes
References
Grattan, John and Robin Torrence, eds. Living Under the Shadow: Cultural Impacts of Volcanic Eruptions. Walnut Creek, CA: Left Coast Press, 2007. .
1959 archaeological discoveries
Archaeological sites in the State of Mexico
Human remains (archaeological)
Indigenous Mexicans
Oldest human remains in the Americas
Paleo-Indian archaeological sites in Mexico
Paleo-Indian period
Indigenous peoples in Mexico City
Kaminonejima (Japanese: 上ノ根島, Kaminone-jima) or Kaminone Island, is a small uninhabited island located in the Tokara Islands of Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.
It formed out of the same stratovolcano that created nearby Yokoate-jima, positioned 2.4 kilometers south of Kaminone.
See also
Tokara Islands
Yokoate-jima
Ryukyu Islands
References
Uninhabited islands of Japan
Kagoshima Prefecture
Ryukyu Islands
Tokara Islands
Toporikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Pogorelovskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 22 as of 2002. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Toporikha is located 58 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Svetitsa is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
James Moncrief (1741 in Scotland – 1793 in Ostend, Flanders) was a trained engineer and military officer of Scottish Highlander descent in the British Royal Engineers.
Education
Moncrief graduated from the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich,
Military service
England in 1762 at the age of 21 and would become a career military man who would rise to the rank of colonel. They saw extensive service in the American colonies in the late 18th century and upon Britain's takeover of Spanish Florida in 1763, they drafted a current map of St. Augustine the capital of East Florida, and its defenses while serving under military governor James Grant.
During the American Revolution Moncrief served in various campaigns throughout the colonies. In 1776 they served as guide to the 4th Regiment of Foot (now King's Own Royal Border Regiment) during a river crossing on the march to Philadelphia and participated in the Battle of Brandywine.
From the journal of Captain John Montresor, concerning action at Fort Mifflin:
Captain James Moncrief Engineer and 50 Hessians, recovered the gun unspiked and all the detachment except 2 subalterns, 5 grenadiers and 2 artillery men. During this day the Rebels fired 3,000 Cannon Shot at this battery from the instant day broke. The Troops being few and harassed no work this night. This morning cold and white frost.
Moncrief was briefly captured by an American raid on the Flatlands Jans Martense Schenck house as part of the Whaleboat War in 1788. They later became Chief Engineer responsible for the defenses during the Siege of Savannah by combined American and French forces in 1779 and took part in the Battle of Stono Ferry in South Carolina.
In 1780 they took part in the successful Siege of Charleston by the British Army which resulted in the capture of 5,000 troops of the Continental Army.
Moncrief took command of the Black Pioneers a black Loyalist force, and had strong faith in the African American's ability to fight. After Lord Cornwallis' surrender at Yorktown they wrote General Clinton in New York to remind them of the invaluable service to Britain performed by those under their command while building the defenses at Savannah and Charleston and offered to continue the war with a brigade of African American soldiers.
After the American Revolution Moncrief was placed in command of a company at Gosport from 1785 to 1787. They then served under the Duke of York and Albany in the Low Countries during the War of the First Coalition against Revolutionary France and took part in the Siege of Valenciennes in 1792. They were wounded during the unsuccessful Siege of Dunkirk on 6 September 1793 and died a few days later at Ostend.
References
British Army personnel of the American Revolutionary War
British Army personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
British military personnel killed in the French Revolutionary Wars
Royal Engineers officers
Graduates of the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
1793 deaths
1741 births
Paulo César Arango Ambuila is a retired Colombian midfielder, who last played for Caracas in the Venezuelan Primera Division.
External links
Official Site
1984 births
Living people
Colombian footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Categoría Primera A player
Categoría Primera B players
Venezuelan Primera División players
América de Cali footballers
Real Cartagena footballers
Envigado F.C. players
Atlético Junior footballers
La Equidad footballers
Atlético Bucaramanga footballers
Caracas FC players
Expatriate footballers in Venezuela
Association football midfielders
Colombia international footballers
People from Palmira, Valle del Cauca
Sportspeople from Valle del Cauca Department
Kristina Valeryevna Gorshkova (, born 18 February 1989) is a Russian former competitive ice dancer. With partner Vitali Butikov, they are the 2008 World Junior bronze medalist.
Gorshkova began skating at age four and switched from singles to ice dancing at age ten. After their coach, Tatiana Kuzmina, was killed in a car accident in July 2007, Gorshkova and Butikov began working with Elena Tchaikovskaia, Ksenia Rumiantseva, and Petr Durnev.
Gorshkova is studying Cultural and Social Anthropology at the University of Latvia.
Programs
(with Butikov)
Competitive highlights
(with Butikov)
References
External links
Figure skaters from Moscow
Living people
Russian female ice dancers
1989 births
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
Universiade medalists in figure skating
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 2009 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2011 Winter Universiade
The Hawaii Collegiate Baseball League is a collegiate summer baseball league featuring the Waikiki Surfers, Oahu Paddlers, Hawai'i Ali'is and Kamuela Paniolos. All games are played at Aloha Stadium at Halawa. The league played its inaugural season in summer of 2005.
In 2006 the Kauai Menehune and the Waimea Waves were added to the league.
In 2007 games were held at Les Murakami Stadium on the University of Hawaii Manoa campus.
Notable players
Joc Pederson
References
External links
Hawaii Collegiate Baseball League
Summer baseball leagues
College baseball leagues in the United States
Baseball in Hawaii
2005 establishments in Hawaii
Sport leagues established in 2005
Rhydyfelin Low Level Halt railway station was a small halt in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, South Wales. It opened in 1911 and closed in 1931.
History & Description
The halt was the terminus of the Cardiff Railway. Although the Rhydyfelin viaduct lay just beyond the station and connected the Cardiff Railway to the Taff Vale Railway lines at Treforest, the TVR was successful in preventing the instigation of regular trains over the viaduct.
The halt was very basic. At first, it consisted of a signal-cabin which had an adjoining fenced enclosure (at ground-level) where passengers waited. The gate was opened by the guard when the train arrived.
In 1924, the Great Western Railway amended the station's name to Rhydyfelin Low Level Halt to avoid confusion with the similarly named halt on the neighboring Pontypridd, Caerphilly and Newport line, which became Rhydyfelin High Level Halt at the same time.
In 1928, the GWR added a passing-loop and a proper platform. However, the halt closed in 1931 when the line was shut down.
Remains
The site of the halt is no longer easily traceable. Like many of the stations on the Cardiff Railway, it is now covered by the A470 trunk road.
Notes
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1911
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1931
Former Great Western Railway stations
Disused railway stations in Rhondda Cynon Taf
Former Cardiff Railway stations
Akbaş is a village in the District of Serik, Antalya Province, Turkey.
Zeytintaşı Cave, which is a natural monument registered show cave, is located close to the village.
References
Villages in Serik District
The Six Nations Under 20s Championship is an international rugby union tournament. It is the under-20s equivalent of the Six Nations Championship. Originally the tournament was in an under-21 format but changed to under-20s in 2008. England were the inaugural winners and they have gone on to be the tournament's most successful team, winning nine titles. The tournament is played annually during February and March on the same weekends as the senior Six Nations and the Women's Six Nations Championship.
Winners
Statistics
References
European youth sports competitions
Under-20 rugby union competitions
2008 establishments in Europe
Recurring sporting events established in 2008
FITkit is a hardware platform used for educational purposes at the Brno University of Technology in the Czech Republic.
FITkit
The FITkit contains a low-power microcontroller, a field programmable gate array chip (FPGA) and a set of peripherals.
Utilizing advanced reconfigurable hardware, the FITkit may be modified to suit various tasks.
Configuration of the FPGA chip can be specified using the VHDL hardware description language (i.e. VHSIC hardware description language).
Software for the Microcontroller is written in C and compiled using the GNU Compiler Collection.
Configuration of the FPGA chip is synthesized from the source VHDL code using professional design tools, which are also available free of charge.
Use in education
The FITkit serves as an educational tool in several courses throughout the bachelor's and master's degree programmes. Students are expected to create an FPGA interpreter design of a simple programming language (such as Brainfuck) as part of the Design of Computer Systems course.
Licensing
The project is developed as an open-source (software) and open-core (hardware), under the BSD license.
Related projects
QDevKit, multiplatform development environment for FITkit (Linux, BSD and Microsoft Windows operating systems)
References
External links
Official website
FITkit team
Faculty of Information Technology (Brno University of Technology)
Design of Computer Systems course website
Embedded systems
Software using the BSD license
Charlotte Denman Lozier (March 15, 1844 – January 3, 1870) was one of the first female physicians in the United States. They worked as a professor, as a feminist campaigning for women's rights, and as a homeopathic physician. They were also a mother to three and spent much of their early childhood traveling around the United States with their family.
Early life
They were the daughter of Selina and Jacob Denman. Lozier was the oldest of five. Lozier was born in Milburn, New Jersey, in the Eastern United States. The Denman family travelled to Napoleon, Michigan in 1850 and later to Galena, Illinois in hopes of exploring the frontier. The Denman family finally travelled west to Winona, Minnesota in 1852. Charlotte's mother, Selina Denman, passed away when Charlotte Denman Lozier was in their teens, and Charlotte became a caretaker for their family. Charlotte contributed to their family by teaching.
Education
In 1864, Charlotte Denman Lozier, 20 years of age, moved back east to New York to pursue a medical degree. Charlotte began their medical career by entering the New York Medical College for Women. New York Medical College for Women was the first medical school for women in the state of New York and opened the year before they entered the school. New York Medical College for Women was founded by their mother-in-law, Dr. Clemence Sophia Harned Lozier.
Early adulthood
Dr. Charlotte Denman Lozier finished medical school in 1867 and soon became a professor of physiology and hygiene for New York Medical College for Women. While working as a professor, Charlotte also presented many lectures on women's rights.
Charlotte Denman Lozier married the son of Dr. Clemence Lozier, Dr. Abraham Witton Lozier on January 20, 1866 in Ft. Wayne, Indiana. The two remained in Winona for some time before returning to New York where Charlotte then became the Vice President of the National Working Women's Association. As a feminist, they campaigned for Women's Suffrage and the Working Women's Association as well as other progressive and charitable organizations.
Charlotte Denman Lozier and Abraham Lozier had three children. The first born was a boy, Clement Abraham on November 7, 1866. Clement Abraham died at the age of 21. The next to be born was another boy, Robert Ten Eyck, in May 1868 in Connecticut while Dr. Charlotte Denman Lozier was on their way home from a lecture. The last to be born was a girl, Jessie Charlotte, born on January 1, 1870. Jessie Charlotte married Harry S. Payne on January 15, 1896. Jessie and Harry Payne had one son born on July 3, 1898, named Robert Lozier Payne.
Career
Lozier worked as a physician, lecturer, and belonged to Sorosis, which in Latin means sisterhood. Sorosis was a professional women's club, which sought to support women involved in various fields of work.
Lozier also served as the first Vice President of the National Working Women's Association. The Working Women's Association was created in 1868 and was formed to protect the rights of women, including better labor conditions for women of all classes.
In the late 1860s, Charlotte Denman Lozier defended Hester Vaughn, a woman accused of killing their newborn. Lozier was also well known for defending women such as Caroline Fuller, a young woman whose sexual partner was urging for an abortion.
The Charlotte Lozier Institute, named for Lozier, is an anti-abortion think tank founded in 2011. It is a research and education arm of the Susan B. Anthony List, an organization dedicated to electing candidates and pursuing policies that will reduce and ultimately end abortion. The stated goal of the Charlotte Lozier Institute is "to promote deeper public understanding of the value of human life, motherhood, and fatherhood, and to identify policies and practices that will protect life and serve both women's health and family well-being."
Last years of life
In 1869, Charlotte was pregnant with their third child. On New Year's Eve, Charlotte was on a ladder hanging a curtain when they became light-headed and fell off of the ladder. Charlotte Denman Lozier was taken to the hospital where their third and final child was born two months prematurely. However, Charlotte passed away at age 25 on January 3, 1870. Lozier died from health complications surrounding the pregnancy and birth of their third child, who was born several days before they died. They were survived by this child, their two previous children, and their husband.
References
Herald of Health obituary
New York Times obituary
1844 births
1870 deaths
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
American feminists
Physicians from New York City
American women physicians
