Emilio Gentile (born 1946, in Bojano) is an Italian historian specializing in the ideology and culture of fascism. Gentile is considered one of Italy's foremost cultural historians of fascist ideology. They studied under Renzo De Felice and wrote a book about him.
Gentile is a professor at the Sapienza University of Rome. They consider fascism a form of political religion. They also applied the theory of political religion to the United States after the September 11 attacks.
In 2003, Professor Gentile was awarded the Hans Sigrist Prize.
Works
Storia del partito fascista. 1919-1922. Movimento e milizia. 1989
Il culto del littorio. La sacralizzazione della politica nell'Italia fascista. Rome/Bari. 1993
English translation: The Sacralization of Politics in Fascist Italy, 1996, Harvard University Press, hup.harvard.edu
Le religioni della politica. Fra democrazie e totalitarismi. Laterza, Rome 2001
English translation:
Fascismo. Storia e interpretazione. Rome/Bari. 2002
Il mito dello Stato nuovo. Dal radicalismo nazionale al fascismo. 2002
Le origini dell'Italia contemporanea. L'età giolittiana. 2003
Renzo De Felice. Lo storico e il personaggio. 2003
Il fascismo in tre capitoli. 2006
La Grande Italia. Il mito della nazione nel XX secolo. 2006
English translation:
La democrazia di Dio. La religione americana nell'era dell'impero e del terrore, Roma-Bari, Laterza, 2006. .
English translation:
Il fascino del persecutore. George Mosse e i totalitarismi. Carocci. 2007
L'apocalisse della modernità. La grande guerra per l'uomo nuovo. Mondadori. 2008
Contro Cesare. Cristianesimo e totalitarismo nell'epoca dei fascismi, Milano, Feltrinelli, 2010. .
Né stato né nazione. Italiani senza meta, Roma-Bari, Laterza, 2010. .
Italiani senza padri. Intervista sul Risorgimento, Roma-Bari, Laterza, 2011. .
E fu subito regime. Il fascismo e la marcia su Roma, Roma-Bari, Laterza, 2012. .
References
1946 births
Living people
Historians of Italy
Historians of fascism
20th-century Italian historians
People from the Province of Campobasso
Sapienza University of Rome faculty
21st-century Italian historians
The Farmers Bank of Petersburg is a historic building in Petersburg, Kentucky; it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 6, 1989. The building is an excellent example of vernacular commercial architecture of the early 20th century (1900–1930).
Farmers Bank of Petersburg was founded in 1903 and closed in 1970. It was the fourth bank organized in Boone County, after Burlington, Walton, and Hebron, and was the only bank serving the western portion of Boone County.
Architectural details
The boomtown facade indicates commercial use of the one-story gable-front building. The upper portion of the facade rests on a stone string course. Lintels and sills are made of smooth cut stone and the facade parapet is capped with tin.
Gallery
References
National Register of Historic Places in Boone County, Kentucky
Buildings and structures in Boone County, Kentucky
Bank buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Kentucky
1903 establishments in Kentucky
1970 disestablishments in Kentucky
Gamble Creek Ecological Reserve is an ecological reserve located within the asserted traditional territory of the Tsimshian First Nations, in British Columbia, Canada. It was established in 1991 under the Ecological Reserves Act to facilitate scientific research of tree species and ecosystem classification of north-coastal forest stands and bog vegetation. The reserve protects of lowland to mid-elevation forest and bog complexes.
Geography
The reserve extends from near sea level to elevation, and protects north coast forest and bog vegetation in both Hypermaritime Coastal Western Hemlock and Mountain Hemlock biogeoclimatic zones.
Flora
Common understory plants include Labrador tea, cranberry, lingonberry, mountain heathers, cloudberry, fern-leaved goldthread, rosy twistedstalk and sphagnum moss. Common bog plants include deergrass, beak-rush, deer-cabbage, sundew, gentiana, white marsh-marigold and sphagnum moss.
References
Provincial parks of British Columbia
1975 establishments in British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1975
State of Mind EP is the first studio album by the English alternative rock band Clockwork Radio. Produced by the band, the album was released on 4 July 2010 on the band's own label, Poly Tune.
Track listing
Members
Rich Williams - vocals, guitar
Dan Wiebe - percussion
Iwan Jones - vocals, guitar
Nadim Mirshak - vocals, bass
Sam Quinn - piano, synths
External links
Clockwork Radio (Official Website)
2010 EPs
Andrew D. Chumbley (15 September 1967 – 15 September 2004) was an English practitioner and theorist of magic, and a writer, poet and artist. They were Magister of the UK-based magical group Cultus Sabbati.
Career
Chumbley published several limited edition books through their private press Xoanon Publishing, and had many articles printed in occult magazines. Their subject was the doctrine and practice of a tradition of sorcery which they called 'Sabbatic Craft', a term which, according to Chumbley, "describes the way in which elements of witch-lore, Sabbath mythology and imagery were being employed in the cunning-craft tradition into which I was originally inducted". They claimed that this tradition was founded in two lineages of traditional witchcraft, both pre-dating "those modern revivalist forms of witchcraft, which have become generically nominalised as 'wicca'". Chumbley's early articles were published in the chaos magic journal Chaos International; later articles appeared in Starfire, journal of the Typhonian OTO, and in the long-established British witchcraft journal The Cauldron. Daniel A. Schulke succeeded them as Magister of Cultus Sabbati.
Personality
In an obituary their close friend Michael Howard, a well-known occult writer and publisher of The Cauldron, described Chumbley as "a man of the land, rural in both birth and character. They fitted totally within the traditional archetypal parameters of the English (and specifically Essex) cunning man." Howard recalled Chumbley's kindness, generosity and sense of humour: "To outsiders Andrew could sometimes appear to be aloof, intense and serious to the point of obsession... However, if they met kindred spirits of sincerity and honour, who shared their interests and serious intent, they would willingly go out of their way to offer them help and guidance on the Path... In fact they were a natural teacher and, like all good occult teachers, acted as a catalyst in the lives of their students."
Influences
Although Chumbley was mainly known for their involvement with English traditional witchcraft, primarily that of East Anglia, their occult interests and influences were extremely diverse. According to Schulke, "Chumbley's magical work spanned many fields of sorcerous influence, including Sufism, left-hand Tantra and Petro Voodoo". Other influences included the artist-occultist Austin Osman Spare and author-occultist Kenneth Grant. Chumbley was familiar with and respected Grant's work and was a member of Grant's Ordo Templi Orientis from 1993 to 1999, operating an affiliated magical lodge. Spare's philosophy of the Kia almost certainly influenced the "non-dual gnosis" which is a key element in Chumbley's system, although the similar "doctrine of the void" (Shunyavata), a foundation concept of Tantrism, is also likely to have affected Chumbley's work through the Uttara Kaula Sampradaya, of which they claimed to be an initiate. In The Azoëtia Chumbley presents "Will, Desire, Belief" as a threefold unity operating in sorcery; this is ultimately derived from Spare's work, although the primary textual source is Grant. The use of sigils and magical glyphs in Chumbley's work also suggests a derivation from Spare, though classical magical grimoires such as the Key of Solomon and the Goëtia provide an earlier precedent.
The Azoëtia and Chumbley's subsequent writings demonstrate their familiarity with a broad range of Western esoteric doctrines including Qabalah, Enochian Magic, the magic of the Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn and the Thelemic school of Aleister Crowley. Another influence was the neo-Sufi author Idries Shah, particularly their theories concerning possible connections between witchcraft and various near-eastern cults such as the Yezidi, Mandaeans, Sufis and Zoroastrians. Chumbley addressed these themes, citing Shah's work, in their book Qutub: The Point (1995).
Regarding their sources, drawn from both literature and direct contact with practitioners of other occult and religious traditions, Chumbley stated: "In all contexts one may find pieces of magical lore and belief from many disparate times and places, but all are brought to function within the trans-historical arena of the sacred dimension, whether it be the magical circle of Witcherie or the Ninefold Plot of Sigaldry." Schulke observed that "Chumbley's grimoire Azoëtia, though wholly a reification of traditional British witchcraft, makes use of Sumerian, Egyptian, Yezidi, Arabic, and Aztec iconography, among others."
Doctrine and method
Chumbley's work promotes a doctrine of 'Transcendental Sorcery', founded on their belief that all forms of magic arise from a single source, which they termed the 'Magical Quintessence': "Magick is the transmutability of the Quintessence of all nature ... Sorcery is the knowledge of the universal points of transmutation. Its Art is to cultivate the ability to manipulate these foci of power in accordance with Will, Desire and Belief."
Chumbley considered the practice of willed dreaming essential as a means of interacting directly and consciously with the spiritual dimensions they called 'the High Sabbat'; according to them "Every word, deed and thought can empower, magnetise, and establish points of receptivity for a magical dream, likewise any of these means can do the opposite—fixating perception in a manner that is not receptive—that seals the soul in the body instead of enabling it to go forth at will." In conjunction with dreaming and trance experience Chumbley used automatic writing and drawing to manifest the knowledge drawn from ritual magic; these procedures, in which the magician offers them or themselves as a vehicle for the forces summoned instead of using another as medium, is uncommon in the Western occult tradition - one modern exemplar being Austin Osman Spare. The results of Chumbley's practices can be seen in their drawings and sigillisations. Chumbley believed that the natural manifestation of magical gnosis and power occurs through creative activity: "Dreaming and the mutual translation of dreamt ritual and ritual-as-dreamt form the basic rationale and context for our work. The active discourse between initiates and our spirit-patrons inspires and motivates this dreaming. This is demonstrably manifest in the magical artistry of individual initiates, whether through text, ritual performance, song, tapestry, craftsmanship, or image."
Written and illustrated works
The Azoëtia
Chumbley's first book The Azoëtia was published privately by the author in 1992 as a softcover volume under the Xoanon imprint. The work received positive reviews from other contemporary practitioners including Jan Fries and Phil Hine.
Described as "...a complete recension of Sabbatic theory and praxis, relating the Three Great Rites of Ingress, Congress, and Egress, together with a detailed exposition of the 22 Letters of the Sorcerer's Alphabet", the book forms a résumé of Chumbley's system and is the core text for practitioners wishing to study and practise the Sabbatic path of magic. A tenth anniversary edition, revised to include further textual and illustrative material was issued by Xoanon Publishing on October 31, 2002, as Azoëtia (Sethos Edition). Part of the book's significance in modern occult literature lies in its conscious reinvention of the format of the "grimoire", or sorcerer's instruction book.
Gavin Semple hailed The Azoëtia as "a very different type of book; a genuine Grimoire, likely the only one to be published in modern times; [...] The Azoëtia is a work of breathtaking power and passion, in whose pages magic is restored to its position as the Sacred Art, the Sabbatic Craft is revealed as a living and very vital tradition."
Qutub: The Point
Qutub: The Point followed in 1995, published for Xoanon by Fulgur Limited, in which Chumbley combined illustrations and poetry with the intent of creating a telesmatic volume. The illustrations demonstrated that Chumbley's skills as a draughtsman were advancing quickly. The book was described as follows: "This work treats of the Arcanum of the Opposer, a magical formula of the Crooked Path concerning the Powers of Self-overcoming. The book consists of an arcane poetic text in 72 verses, a detailed commentary in critical prose, and a substantial glossary of esoteric terms and names. The whole is illustrated throughout with calligraphic and sigillic depictions of the Opposer's composite mysteries." Issued in several different hard bindings as standard, deluxe and private editions, copies of Qutub included unique additions such as hand-drawn talismans or sigillised inscriptions.
A second printing of Qutub, in two editions, was issued by Xoanon in March 2009. The standard edition is limited to 700 hardbound copies. The deluxe hardbound, slipcased edition is limited to 72 copies.
Michael Staley, a senior member of the Typhonian OTO and editor of Starfire Magazine, described the Qabalistic concept of the book as follows: "Qutub is the Point. Its root, QTB, enumerates as 111. We have immediately the essence of the matter, since 'The Point' suggests Kether and 111 suggests Aleph, the Fool, Atu 0, etc. 'The Point' is the deliciously-sharp point of insight into the reality beyond and underlying its expression in terms of duality. The idea called forth by the correspondence with Atu 0 is that of the illumined adept who has experienced this Point, realised its imminence in everything and at all times, and who is thereby liberated whilst yet living. It is this delicious insight which is conveyed by the very best of 'mystical poetry'." Staley credited Chumbley's poetry as "accomplished", but found it sometimes too long-winded.
ONE: The Grimoire of the Golden Toad
Numerous articles by Chumbley followed, published in British and American occult journals, but no further books appeared until ONE: The Grimoire of the Golden Toad in 2000, described by Xoanon as: "...the first full grimoire-text to treat specifically and from personal account of the Traditional East Anglian ritual called 'The Waters of the Moon': the solitary initiation of the so-called 'Toad-witch'." The purpose of this traditional folk-magical rite is to obtain a specific bone from the flensed corpse of a toad; the bone is believed to bestow certain powers upon its owner, primarily control of animals. Chumbley's ONE, however, presents a thoroughly antinomian re-visioning of the ritual procedure and its results, combining ritual practice with a series of dramatic visions recounted in prose-poetry. In Chumbley's recension it becomes clear that the "animal" over which power is sought is the practitioner's own human self. Seventy-seven hand-bound copies of the book were offered for sale, each copy accompanied by a hand-written page of a sigillic "inner grimoire", signed by the author, and an envelope containing a hand-painted talisman made from antique toadskin leather and a single blackthorn. A further three copies were retained "for internal distribution"; these were bound in leather with an actual toad's headset into the front cover, with toadskin leather panelling on the rear.
The Dragon Book of Essex
In the autumn of 2013 Publishers Xoanon announced that The Dragon Book of Essex will be published in Midwinter 2013. However, for undisclosed reasons publication date was pushed back to summer 2014.
The Dragon-Book of Essex was the intended second volume of a trilogy of Sabbatic grimoires, following Azoetia; it appears to be a very substantial work, described as "...a Compleat Grimoire of Crooked Path Sorcery, distilled from the many years of practice... Being the fruit of a decade of concentrated praxis in the Cultus' inner circle, this work is intended as an entire resumé of the ancestral and ophidian components of Traditional Sorcery and Sabbatic Gnosis." Ten copies were published circa 1998 as a private "initiatic" edition in three volumes totalling 1,200 pages.
Private and unpublished works
Other works by Chumbley are known to exist, but have not been issued; they were either unpublished at their death, or had been produced solely for private distribution.
The Auraeon was referred to by Chumbley as a forthcoming volume concerning solitary initiation, of which they said: In the Sabbatic Craft, solitary initiation or 'The Lonely Road' is recognised as a vital aspect of every practitioner's path and the understanding of ‘solitude' is subject to many levels of interpretation. Autonomy is the key virtue, irrespective of whether one practices in human convocation or 'alone' – in the ever-present company of spirits."
Another volume titled The Greene Gospel is referred to in a footnote to Michael Howard's The Book of Fallen Angels (Capell Bann, 2004) where it is identified as being privately distributed.
Chumbley also created a series of singular artworks known as the 'Unique Transmission Series'. These were books which were individually hand-written and illustrated; according to the Xoanon website: "Each book is executed on hand-made paper, presented in a carved wooden box with accompanying telesmata and sealed letter to owner. Each text embodies a unique recension of a specific arcanum of the Crooked Path." The full number of works in the series was not disclosed, however one example, The Red Grimoire, is known to have been purchased by Jack Macbeth (Orlando Britts), and was referenced by them in their privately published book The Totemic Invocation of the Shadow Selves, one of several recent books styled as "grimoires" that have followed in the wake of The Azoëtia.
Chumbley's work is cited in several journals and books on the occult including The Journal for the Academic Study of Magic, a juried academic journal, Ronald Hutton's The Triumph of the Moon, Laurence Galian's The Sun at Midnight, Phil Hine's Oven Ready Chaos, The Pomegranate journal and The Cauldron magazine.
Death
Chumbley died on their 37th birthday following a severe asthma attack. After their death, "his book values at second hand resale, which were already quite high, increased in an exponential and quite insane fashion within hours of their death becoming known." At the time of their death Chumbley was working on their doctorate in the history of religion.
References
Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography
External links
. Article by Andrew D. Chumbley (2001), published in The Cauldron. Retrieved 23 November 2006.
Occult Art Gallery
Xoanon Publishing
Three Hands Press
1967 births
2004 deaths
English occult writers
Deaths from asthma
Serinethinae is a subfamily of the hemipteran family Rhopalidae, sometimes known as soapberry bugs. They are brightly colored seed-eaters, comprising three genera and about sixty-five species. These bugs are specialists on plants in the soapberry family (Sapindaceae), which includes maples, balloon vines, and soapberry trees, among others. Seeds of the plants are the main resource used by adults for reproduction and nymphs for growth and development. Their diversity is the result of an adaptive radiation on these plants, whose cyanide-based defenses the bugs have overcome. The New World genus Jadera consists of nearly 20 species that range naturally from Kansas to southern Argentina. Boisea consists of 4 species, 1 in Africa, 1 in India, and 2 in North America, including the well-known box elder bug, Boisea trivittata. Leptocoris includes more than 60 species, in Oceania, Australia, Asia, and Africa.
Jadera haematoloma is a soapberry bug found in Florida known for its rapid adaptive evolution following the introduction of a non-native soapberry plant.
References
External links
Online guide to soapberry bugs
Rhopalidae
WHNY (1000 AM) is an American radio station broadcasting a classic country format, simulcasting WHNY-FM 104.7 Henry, Tennessee. Licensed to Paris, Tennessee, United States, it serves the Jackson, Tennessee, area. The station is owned by Forever Media, through licensee Forever South Licenses, LLC, and features programming from Citadel Media.
On March 2, 2020, WHNY changed their format from oldies to classic country, simulcasting WHNY-FM 104.7, branded as "Big Henry".
FM translator
In addition to the main station at 1000 kHz, WHNY is relayed by an FM translator to widen its broadcast area and, in this case, allow 24 hours broadcasting of the format. WHNY is a daytime-only station. The FM translator also gives the listener the advantage of FM broadcasting in high fidelity stereo sound.
Previous logo
References
External links
HNY (AM)
Classic country radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1980
1980 establishments in Tennessee
HNY
Kent Glacier () is a glacier which drains the east side of Markham Plateau in the Queen Elizabeth Range of Antarctica, and flows east for about to enter Lowery Glacier. It was named by the northern party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (1961–62) after the English county and the Dukedom of Kent.
References
Glaciers of the Ross Dependency
Shackleton Coast
|}
The Pat Eddery Stakes is a Listed flat horse race in Great Britain open to two-year-old horses. It is run at Ascot over a distance of 7 furlongs (1,408 metres), and it is scheduled to take place each year in July.
The event was originally named the Winkfield Stakes after Winkfield, a village located to the north of Ascot. It was established in 2006, and the inaugural running was won by Satulagi. It was permanently renamed in 2016 to honour Pat Eddery, an 11-time British Champion flat jockeys jockey who died in 2015.
The Pat Eddery Stakes is held at the same meeting as the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes.
Records
Leading jockey (3 wins):
William Buick - Sixth Sense (2015), New Science (2021), Naval Power (2022)
Leading trainer (3 wins):
Charlie Appleby - Al Dabaran (2019), New Science (2021),Naval Power (2022)
Winners
See also
Horse racing in Great Britain
List of British flat horse races
References
Racing Post:
, , , , , , , , ,
, , , , , ,
pedigreequery.com – Winkfield Stakes – Ascot.
Flat races in Great Britain
Ascot Racecourse
Flat horse races for two-year-olds
Recurring sporting events established in 2006
2006 establishments in England
Darshana Sandakalum (full name Gardhi Hettiarachchige Darshana Sandakalum Hettiarachchi; born 1 August 1986) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.  They are a right-handed batsman who plays for Badureliya Sports Club. They were born in Colombo.
Sandakalum, who played at Under-23 level for Chilaw Marians Cricket Club between 2008 and 2009, made their List A debut for Badureliya in the 2009-10 season, against Nondescripts.  They are an upper-order batsman.
External links
Darshana Sandakalum at Cricket Archive
1986 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Badureliya Sports Club cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
Gnathophis leptosomatus is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Christine Karrer in 1983. It is a marine, deep water-dwelling eel which is known from Madagascar, in the western Indian Ocean. It dwells at a depth range of 420–428 metres.
References
leptosomatus
Taxa named by Christine Karrer
Fish described in 1983
The 2020 season was the 111th season in the history of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista. The season covered the period from January 2020 to 25 February 2021.
Background
Kits
Home (July 2020 onward): White shirt, black shorts and white socks;
Away (July 2020 onward): Black with white stripes shirt, white shorts and black socks;
Third (October 2020 onward): Brown and blue shirt, brown shorts and brown socks.
Previous Kits
Home (Until June 2020): White shirt with black stripes, black shorts and white socks;
Away (Until July 2020): Black shirt, white shorts and black socks;
Third (Until September 2020): Black and white shirt, black shorts and black socks.
COVID-19 pandemic
On 25 February 2020, the first case of COVID-19 was confirmed in Brazil. No decision was made regarding sports events at first, but after the disease started spreading quickly, it was announced on March 13 that some of the 2020 Campeonato Paulista matches would take place behind closed doors. Eventually on March 16, after the Confederação Brasileira de Futebol had decided to postpone their tournaments indefinitely, the Federação Paulista de Futebol also decided to suspend the Campeonato Paulista for the time being.
It was announced on 26 March that the clubs decided to grant 20 days of vacation from 1 April until 20 April for their players. That period was extended for another 10 days on April 15. Corinthians announced on 30 April that 25% of the players' salary and 70% of the staff's salary would be reduced amid the pandemic. On 23 June, the club made a return to non-contact training, with social distancing rules still in place, while a full-return only began on 1 July. During return tests, 24 players tested positive (13 of them already recovered) and 34 people from the staff as well (with 29 of them recovered).
On 8 July, it was announced that the Campeonato Paulista would return on 22 July, while the 2020 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A would begin on 8 August. The season is now expected to end on 24 February 2021.
Arena Corinthians' naming rights
On 1 September (Corinthians' 110th anniversary), a special event live from the stadium was held to announce the Arena's new name. It was officially renamed Neo Química Arena, part of a 20-year partnership with Hypera Pharma, Brazil's largest pharmaceutical company. Neo Química is Hypera's generic drugs division, which already served as Corinthians' main sponsor during the 2010 and 2011 seasons. The full contract is expected to be around R$300–320 million.
Presidential election
On 28 November, the election to decide Corinthians' new president for the 2021–2023 term was held featuring only associates of the social club, meaning that less than three thousand people would decide the winner. Duílio Monteiro Alves (who was Sanchez's football director until September) defeated former president Mário Gobbi Filho and August Melo with only 1081 votes (38 percent of the total).
Duílio assumed office on 4 January 2021, bringing back former president Roberto de Andrade as the new football director and Alessandro Nunes (captain of the 2012 Copa Libertadores and 2012 FIFA Club World Cup titles) as football manager.
Sponsorship
On January 23, 2021, Corinthians announced that Banco BMG would not remain as the main sponsor, but rather move to a different spot in the uniform. Two days later, it was announced that Neo Química will be the new main sponsor for the next five seasons.
Squad
Managerial changes
On September 11, 2020, Tiago Nunes was fired after losing a home match a day earlier to Palmeiras. Despite being hired on November 7, 2019, they only took charge at the beginning of this season. The club announced that Dyego Coelho, former player and current U20 manager, would take over as caretaker.
On October 12, 2020, Coelho was removed from their interim position and Corinthians announced Vágner Mancini, who was then-Atlético Goianiense manager, as their new head coach.
Transfers
Transfers in
Loans in
Transfers out
Loans out
Squad statistics
Overview
Pre-season and friendlies
Florida Cup
Campeonato Paulista
For the 2020 Campeonato Paulista, the 16 teams were divided in four groups of 4 teams (A, B, C, D). They faced all teams, except those that are in their own group, with the top two teams from each group qualifying for the quarterfinals. The two overall worst teams were relegated. The tournament returned to a previous format in which the quarter-finals and semi-finals were held in one-match playoffs.
First stage
Knockout stages
Copa Libertadores
Qualifying stages
Campeonato Brasileiro
Results
Copa do Brasil
Due to being qualified for the 2020 Copa Libertadores, Corinthians entered the competition at the round of 16.
Knockout stages
See also
List of Sport Club Corinthians Paulista seasons
Notes
References
External links
Sport Club Corinthians Paulista seasons
Corinthians
Mongba Hanba () is a forest god in Meitei mythology and religion.  They are mainly worshipped in a sacred forest named Mongba Hanba Umang in the banks of the Imphal River in Manipur.
History
On Saturday, the 16th day of the Meitei lunar month of "Inga" of 1651 Saka Year (1729 AD), a stone was brought from a marketplace in Langmaiching to Mongba Hanba's place. That stone was to make a statue of Hindu God Hanuman. Nine Umang Lais were brought and gathered at the Mongba Hanba's place. All these were buried in the place during the reign of King Garib Niwaj Pamheiba. So, the cult of God Mongba Hanba was replaced by that of Hindu god Hanuman during the reign of King Garib Niwaj Pamheiba.
On 6 June 1979, an association was formed for saving Mongba Hanba Umang. It struggled for controlling the Laipham (English: Sacred place) for worshipping the traditional deity. There have been repeated attempts to revive the pantheon of the deity. However, there is still opposition from the religious body of the Mahabali Temple of Hindu God Hanuman.
During May 2015, an organization named Mongba Hanba Umang Laipham Kanba Lup appealed not to stop them from constructing a place of worship for God Mongba Hanba. The organization claimed that it had not stopped devotees of God Mahabali (Hanuman) for the last 36 years. The organization expected the same thing from the Hindu bodies not to stop them from establishing a place of worship for God Mongba Hanba in the complex.
Worship
According to religious custom, Tampak Maiba was to worship God Mongba Hanba (). The atmosphere of blood sacrifice is said to be associated with the shrine of the deity.
References
External links
Shimray, A. S. W. (2001). History of the Tangkhul Nagas. Akansha Publishing House. ISBN 978-81-87606-04-8.
Abundance deities
Abundance gods
Earth deities
Earth gods
Fortune deities
Fortune gods
Health deities
Health gods
Magic deities
Magic gods
Maintenance deities
Maintenance gods
Meitei gods and goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature deities
Nature gods
Ningthou
Peace deities
Peace gods
Time and fate deities
Time and fate gods
Tree deities
Tree gods
Tutelary deities
Tutelary gods
Wisdom deities
Wisdom gods
Lafresnaye's piculet (Picumnus lafresnayi) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Lafresnaye's piculet
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Lafresnaye's piculet
Lafresnaye's piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cortez "Corky" McCoy is an American illustrator from Los Angeles.  They are known for their cartoon designs of urban African-Americans on Miles Davis album covers.
Work for Miles Davis
Information on McCoy's life before meeting Miles Davis is scarce. They were working as an artist when they met Davis. The two became close friends, and Davis and McCoy shared an apartment in New York City on West 77th Street.
McCoy created the cover art for Davis' albums On the Corner (1972), In Concert: Live at Philharmonic Hall (1973), Big Fun (1974), and Water Babies (1976). The artwork for the cover of On the Corner was produced at Davis' instigation. They were concerned that their music was not reaching an African-American audience, and wanted McCoy to create something that they would relate to. The reaction from Columbia Records when they saw the result was not positive. Davis insisted on using McCoy's cover art. Davis recalled in their typical blunt interview style: According to Davis, McCoy was reluctant at first, but Davis was enthusiastic about the art that McCoy produced:
McCoy's cover art for On the Corner depicts a group of cartoon characters, a scene of "ghettodelic" street life among the younger generation of African Americans. The post-1960s, funk-style fashions are similar to the spirit of the blaxploitation film images of the same era.
In Concert: Live at Philharmonic Hall included illustrations inside the album by McCoy satirizing mainstream rock and roll music, with a cartoon music label "Slickophonics" and a long-haired white band with the name "Foot Fooler" on the front of the drum kit. In a 1974 review of the album, music magazine Coda characterized McCoy's illustrations for this album, and On the Corner, as "tastelessness".
Davis tried commissioning two different European cartoonists to create cover art for their album Rubberband during the 1980s. They were dissatisfied with the results, and the album was ultimately never released.
In 2007, Columbia released the 6-CD box set The Complete On the Corner Sessions that included new illustrations by Corky McCoy.
Other illustration works
McCoy created the cover art for the album Fresh Mode, released by hip-hop group Ugly Duckling, in 1999, as well as both singles released in promotion of the LP.
McCoy created illustrations for comedian Tim Meadows's 2000 book The Ladies Man: Sexin' and Lovin' Leon Phelps Style, co-written with Andrew Steele and Dennis McNicholas. The book was released in connection with the Tim Meadows comedy film The Ladies Man that featured a character with the same 1970s street-funk aesthetic associated with McCoy's album covers for Davis.
References
Living people
Album-cover and concert-poster artists
American illustrators
African-American artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American people
The Bothersome Man () is a 2006 Norwegian film. It was directed by Jens Lien after a script by Per H. V. Schreiner. The film stars Trond Fausa Aurvåg, Petronella Barker and Per Schaaning. The story is about a man suddenly finding themselves in an outwardly perfect, yet empty and unfulfilling dystopia, and their attempt to escape. The film was well received by critics, and was awarded three Amanda Awards in 2006.
Synopsis
As the film begins, Andreas Ramsfjell is underground in a train station.  They are watching a couple kiss; however, the kiss lacks any sign of aesthetics - on the contrary, it looks hideous and abominable. Andreas seems to be increasingly unsettled until eventually they step forward and jumps off the track in front of a subway train and the scene abruptly ends.
In the following scene, they are on a bus which lets them off at a deserted gas station in the middle of nowhere. An older man greets Andreas with a welcome sign and escorts them into a car. From here they make their way into a seemingly ideal city, where they soon finds themselves with a corporate job, a furnished apartment and a beautiful girlfriend. The seemingly perfect life where everyone's needs are met soon proves to be vacuous. Andreas seems to be the only person in the city capable of experiencing sensation and emotion. The only respite from the emptiness is a meaningless materialism.
As the slightly uncomfortable turns into the absurd, Andreas tries to escape, but finds there is no way out of the city. The beginning scene is revealed again in the midst of their misery after they get their heart broken and they step out onto the train tracks, only to find that they can survive any suicide attempt. Eventually they meet Hugo, a cleaner who has found a crack in the walls of their basement from which lovely music streams out and children are heard laughing. The two dig frantically, in secret, through the wall and discover it leads into a bright and colorful house, presumably back in the real world.
Andreas manages to get their arm into the house and grabs a handful of cake from the table, but both of them are caught and dragged out of the basement. Andreas gets thrown out of the city on the same bus that brought them there. The film ends with a violent ride into a frozen wasteland where the bus leaves Andreas, alone in a snowstorm.
Cast
Trond Fausa Aurvåg as Andreas Ramsfjell
Petronella Barker as Anne Britt
Per Schaaning as Hugo
Birgitte Larsen as Ingeborg
Johannes Joner as Håvard
Ellen Horn as Trulsen
Eduardo Andres Riquelme Muñoz
Sigve Bøe as Liten Mann
Hanne Lindbæk as Vigdis
Ivar Lykke as Colleague 1
Production
The story for the film was originally written for radio theatre, two years before it was adapted for the screen. Director Jens Lien tells that they were very affected by Schreiner's script, and that the first time they read it they were unable to sleep. Schreiner and Lien had earlier collaborated on short films, but this was the first feature-length film which they created together.
The "lovely music" in the basement is actually a recording made for thereminvox.com by theremin veteran Howard Mossman, who remains uncredited.
Reception
The film was chosen for the Critics' Week of the Cannes Film Festival, and jury member Christophe Leparc expressed great admiration for the film.
The Bothersome Man was generally very well received by the Norwegian press. The newspaper Aftenposten awarded five out of six points, calling the film "advanced" and filled with literary and filmatic references, yet not without a wider appeal. The television station NRK also ended up on five, calling the film thought-provoking and funny, and "very, very good".
International reviews were good. Steve Rose, writing for The Guardian, gave it three out of five stars. Noting the cultural references to other dystopic works, they complained that the film failed to get "beneath the surface of this shallow parallel reality". The A.V. Club's Noel Murray called the film "paced and plotted well throughout", though they felt it veered "too far into fantasyland" towards the end.
The film was awarded three Amandas in 2006: for "Best Direction", "Best Screenplay" and "Best Actor" (Aurvåg). It was also nominated in the categories "Best Film" and "Best Actress" (Barker). The movie also won several international awards, including the ACID Award (Agence du Cinéma Indépendant pour sa Diffusion) at the Cannes Film Festival, and the Golden Starfish at the Hampton International film festival.
Soundtrack
The film heavily features music by Edvard Grieg. The score is composed by the Norwegian composer Ginge.
References
External links
2006 films
2000s dystopian films
Films shot in Iceland
Norwegian science fiction films
2000s Norwegian-language films
Norwegian comedy-drama films
Dorcadion tebrisicum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Plavilstshikov in 1951. It is known from Iran.
References
tebrisicum
Beetles described in 1951
Galbula is the type and largest genus of the jacamar family (Galbulidae) of piciform birds, and its suborder Galbulae. Sometimes, the Piciformes are split in two, with the Galbulae upranked to full order Galbuliformes.
The genus was introduced by the French zoologist Mathurin Jacques Brisson in 1760 with the green-tailed jacamar (Galbula galbula) as the type species. The name galbula is the Latin word for a small yellow bird.
They are smallish to mid-sized forest birds of the Neotropics, with long pointed bills, elongated tails, and small feet. Colored in metallic iridescent hues – typically greenish – at least on the upperside, some have a red or brownish belly. Males and females are generally similar in appearance, but in most species differ in minor plumage details. As usual for Piciformes, they nest in burrows they dig out themselves. In the case of this genus, nests are dug in earthen banks along rivers or roads, or in termitaria. As with other jacamars but otherwise unknown among Piciformes, their chicks do not hatch naked. They have a piping song and feed in typical jacamar fashion, by catching flying arthropods, typically larger insects such has butterflies.
Most Galbula species are fairly common in their natural range, which despite rampant deforestation is still extensive. Only the coppery-chested jacamar (G. pastazae) occurs in a more restricted region in the Andes foothills, and is considered a threatened species.
Species
Ten living species are presently recognized in this genus:
A fossil species, Galbula hylochoreutes, has been described from the mid-Miocene of Colombia. It was apparently more specialized for aerial feeding than the living species.
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Quadrant Routes in Pennsylvania are maintained by the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation. This article lists all the routes and their termini in Lycoming County. As is the case with the other counties in the state, the route numbers start in the northeast quadrant and go clockwise from the 1000s to the 4000s. Odd numbered roads travel south to north. Even numbered roads travel west to east. There is no specific pattern for numbering order.
The quadrant dividers are not explicitly delineated.
1000s
2000s
3000s
4000s
See also
References
Microsoft Streets & Trips Software
Official 2011 Lycoming County PennDOT Map
Applicable PennDOT Borough & Township Maps
Lycoming
Quadrant routes
Holt Peak () is a bare rock peak, high, surmounting the northeast end of the Meyer Hills in the Heritage Range of Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos from 1961 to 1966, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for William C. Holt, a United States Antarctic Research Program auroral scientist at Ellsworth Station in 1961.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Vice Admiral Russell Willson (December 27, 1883, Fredonia, New York – June 6, 1948, Chevy Chase, Maryland) was a flag officer of the United States Navy and inventor of the Navy Cipher Box (also called 'Naval Cipher Box' or 'Navy Code Box') issued in 1917.
The son of Sidney Louis Willson and Lucy Fenton Staats Willson, Russell Willson attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1901–1902, before going on to graduate from the United States Naval Academy in 1906.
Career
After graduating from the naval academy, Wilson was commissioned an ensign in 1908. They served in the battleship during the Vera Cruz Incident at Vera Cruz, Mexico, in 1914 and later than flag lieutenant to Admiral Henry Mayo, who was Commander-in-Chief, United States Atlantic Fleet.
World War I
During World War I, Willson organized and developed the Navy's Code Signal Section in the United States Department of the Navy, for which they were awarded the Navy Cross. They served with the Sixth Battle Squadron of the Royal Navys Grand Fleet at the end of World War I.
Interwar years
Willson commanded destroyers at Greenland in connection with the United States Army's around-the-world flight in 1924. They graduated from the Naval War College in 1924 and was a member of the U.S. Naval Mission to Brazil from 1927 to 1930. They served as naval attache at the United States Embassy in London in 1937 and 1938. Rear Admiral Willson was the last commander of Battleship Division 1 in peacetime prior to the start of World War II. On 26 May 1939, they relieved Rear Admiral Chester Nimitz as ComBatDiv1, and was relieved on 23 January 1941 by Rear Admiral Isaac Campbell Kidd, who died on the division flagship, , in the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941.
World War II
On 1 February 1941, Willson became the superintendent of the United States Naval Academy. After the start of World War II, Willson, who had served on Admiral Mayo's staff with Ernest J. King became the chief of staff to King in their role as Commander in Chief, U.S. Fleet (COMINCH) on 30 December 1941, Willson, taking office the day that King assumed that command. In September 1942, Willson was detached for duty with the United States Pacific Fleet, but before they could report to their new assignment was found medically unfit for sea duty. As a result, they retired in January 1943, but was retained in Washington, D.C., for the duration of the war as Deputy Commander-in-Chief, U.S. Fleet. They also served from November 1942 as the naval member of the Joint Strategic Survey Committee for the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Willson was a principal at several of the wartime conferences between Franklin Delano Roosevelt and Winston Churchill. They were also a member of the U.S. delegation at the Dumbarton Oaks Conference and military advisor at the San Francisco Conference.
After World War II, Willson become associate editor of World Report.
Personal life
An Episcopalian, Russell Willson married Eunice Westcott Willson (1884–1962) on 3 June 1911. They had a son, Russell, and two daughters, Eunice and Mary. Lt. Russell Willson, Jr. (1919–1945), USN, was a naval aviator, and Eunice Willson (1912-2011) worked for the Navy for several years as a cryptanalyst. Russell Willson and their wife, as well as Russell Willson, Jr., are buried together in the United States Naval Academy Cemetery in Annapolis, Maryland.
Decorations
Navy Cross citation
The President of the United States of America takes pleasure in presenting the Navy Cross to Commander Russell Willson, United States Navy, for exceptionally meritorious service in a duty of great responsibility in connection with the preparation, handling, and distribution of war codes and for devising a new and very efficient system of such communications during World War I.
See also
List of Superintendents of the United States Naval Academy
References
Further reading
Schmidt, Raymond P., "From Code-Making to Policy-Making: Four Decades in the Memorable Career of Russell Willson," Prologue, 48 (Summer 2016), 24–35.
1883 births
1948 deaths
United States Navy admirals
United States Navy personnel of World War I
United States Navy World War II admirals
Burials at the United States Naval Academy Cemetery
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
United States Naval Academy alumni
Naval War College alumni
Superintendents of the United States Naval Academy
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
People from Fredonia, New York
20th-century American Episcopalians
The Ploumanac'h Lighthouse (officially the Mean Ruz Lighthouse) is an active lighthouse in Côtes-d'Armor, France, located in Perros-Guirec. The lighthouse is closed to the public.
The structure is composed of pink granite, and marks the entrance to the channel leading to the port of Ploumanac'h.
History
The first Ploumanac'h Lighthouse dates from 1860. This was destroyed by German troops on August 4, 1944, and replaced by the current lighthouse in 1946. The present-day version was planned by architect Henry Auffret, and built by Martin et frère (a local construction company).
The lighthouse offers a direct view of Château de Costaérès, l'île Renote and Jentilez.
Etymology
The lighthouse gets its common name from the nearby town of Ploumanac'h, meaning "monk's pool" in Breton. The official name of "Mean Ruz" comes from the Breton cacographic phrase Maen Ruz, meaning "red stone".
See also
List of lighthouses in France
References
External links
Lighthouses completed in 1860
Lighthouses completed in 1946
Lighthouses in Brittany
Lighthouses of the English Channel
Latonia Race Track on Winston Avenue in Latonia (Covington) Kentucky, six miles south of Cincinnati, Ohio, was a Thoroughbred horse racing facility opened in 1883.
The track hosted a spring-summer racing series and a second in late fall. It was once regarded as among the United States' top sites for racing, and drew more than 100,000 visitors annually. The 1924 Kentucky Derby winner Black Gold ran at Latonia Race Track, and jockey Eddie Arcaro got their start there.
Latonia Derby
The track's main attraction was the annual 1½ mile Latonia Derby, initially run as the "Hindoo Stakes" in honor of the great Kentucky-bred champion Hindoo.It became so popular that in 1912 a motion picture was made by Independent Motion Picture Co. titled Winning the Latonia Derby that featured silent film star King Baggot.
The inaugural 1883 Latonia Derby was won by Kentucky Derby winner Leonatus. Future Derby winners Kingman (1891), Halma (1895), Ben Brush (1896), Lieut. Gibson (1900), Elwood (1904), and Sir Huon (1906) also won the race and the 1918 edition was won by Harry Payne Whitney's Belmont Stakes winning colt, Johren.
Early airmeet
In November 1909, an airmeet was held at Latonia. The airmeet was a small affair, but included famed aviator Glenn Curtiss and others such as Charles Willard and Roy Knabenshue. The highlight of the meet was a race held between Curtiss and Willard "for a cup offered by the local capitalist". The meet was "understood to be the opening move to secure for Cincinnati the international aviation meet in 1910", although the meet would eventually be held in Dominguez Field, Los Angeles instead.
Crash
In the days when a rope was used as the starting barrier and restarts were a common problem, in a 1917 race with a field of twelve starters, five horses crashed at the start of a race. July 1, 1939, marked the first time Thoroughbred racing used an electric starting gate, the invention of Texan Clay Puett.
1924 International Special
On October 11, 1924, 60,000 racing fans flocked to Latonia Race Track to witness the third and final edition of the International Special races that pitted the honored guest, French champion Epinard, against top American horses. The race featured stars of the day such as Chilhowee and Belmont Stakes winner Mad Play plus future U.S. Hall of Famers Princess Doreen and Sarazen. It was Sarazen who won the race and with it sealed Horse of the Year honors. Epinard finished second, as they had done in the previous two International Specials at Belmont Park and Aqueduct Racetrack in New York City.
Thoroughbred stakes races at Latonia Race Track
Clipsetta Stakes (1883-1937)
Harold Stakes
Latonia Autumn Inaugural Handicap
Latonia Championship Stakes
Latonia Cup Handicap
Latonia Derby
Latonia Independence Handicap
Latonia Oaks
Closure
Financial difficulties during the Great Depression forced Latonia Race Track to close its doors with its last race card held on July 29, 1939. The facility was sold to Standard Oil of Ohio and dismantled during World War II. Today the property is the site of the Latonia Shopping Center and WCVG-AM radio.
In 1959, a new operation called the Latonia Race Course opened in Florence, Kentucky about 10 miles west of the original Latonia site. In 1986 that facility changed its name to Turfway Park.
References
External links
Historical Texts and Many Images of Latonia Race Track
Government of Kentucky, Kentucky Historical Society, City of Covington
New York Times article on Latonia Race Track
Turfway Park official website with brief history of Latonia Race Track
Kentucky Historical Society photo of the Latonia Racetrack grandstand
Kentucky Historical Society photo of the "home stretch" at Latonia Racetrack
Kentucky Historical Society photo of the Latonia Racetrack
Horse racing venues in Kentucky
Defunct horse racing venues in the United States
History of Kentucky
Buildings and structures in Kenton County, Kentucky
1883 establishments in Kentucky
1939 disestablishments in Kentucky
Sports venues completed in 1883
Olga Yakovleva (born 15 December 1963) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1963 births
Living people
Russian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Soviet Union
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic medalists in basketball
Soviet women's basketball players
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Charles Pellat (28 September 1914, in Souk Ahras – 28 October 1992, in Bourg-la-Reine) was an Algerian-born French academic, historian, translator, and scholar of Oriental studies, specialized in Arab studies and Islamic studies. They were an editor of the Encyclopaedia of Islam published by Brill Academic Publishers, and a member of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres.
Biography
Charles Pellat was born in Souk Ahras, French Algeria.
They were professor of Arabic at the Collège Louis le Grand from 1947 to 1951, at the École des langues orientales from 1951 to 1956, and at the Sorbonne from 1956 to 1978. In 1984 they became a member of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres.
They were a contributing editor to several articles of the second edition of the Encyclopaedia of Islam, published by Brill Academic Publishers; throughout their career, they had translated several works written in Arabic by the classical Muslim scholar al-Jāḥiẓ (781-869 CE) into French.
Works
(ed.) Description de l'Occident musulman au IVe-Xe siècle by Al-Muqaddasi
(tr. from Italian) La Littérature arabe des origines à l'époque de la dynastie umayyade: leçons professées en arabe by Carlo-Alfonso Nallino. Paris: Maisonneuve, 1950.
(tr. from Arabic) Le livre des avares by al-Jāḥiẓ. Paris: Maisonneuve, 1951.
L'arabe vivant. Mots arabes groupes d'apres le sens et vocabulaire fondamental de l'arabe moderne, Paris, 1952.
Langue et littérature arabes, Paris: Colin, 1952.
Le milieu baṣrien et la formation de Ǧāḫiẓ, Paris: Adrien-Maisonneuve, 1953,
(tr. from Arabic) Le livre de la couronne: Kitāb at-tāǧ (fī ạḫlāq al-mulūk) by al-Jāḥiẓ. Paris: Société d'édition "Les belles lettres", 1954.
(ed.) Le Kitāb at-tarbīʿ wa-t-tadwīr de Ğāḥiẓ by al-Jāḥiẓ. Damascus: Institut franc̜ais de Damas, 1955.
Textes berbères dans le parler des Ait Seghrouchen de la Moulouya, Paris: Larose, 1955.
Livre des mulets by al-Jāḥiẓ. Cairo: Muṣṭafā al-Bābī al-Ḥalabī, 1955.
Introduction a l'arabe moderne, Paris: Librairie D'Amerique et D'Orient, Adrien-Maisonneuve, 1961.
(ed.) Le calendrier de Cordoue by Abu-'l-Ḥasan ʿArīb Ibn-Saʿd al-Kātib al-Qurṭubī. New edition of the first impression, 1873. Leiden: Brill, 1961.
(ed. with Claude Cahen) Études arabes et islamiques : actes du XXIXe Congrès international des orientalistes , Paris: L'Asiathèque, 1975 .
Etudes sur l'histoire socio-culturelle de l'Islam, VIIe-XVe s., London: Variorum reprints, 1976.
(tr.) Conseilleur du calife by Ibn al-Muqaffa'. Paris: G.-P. Maisonneuve et Larose, 1976.
Textes arabes relatifs à la dactylonomie, Paris: Maisonneuve & Larose, 1977.
(ed.) Cinq calendries égyptiens, Cairo: Inst. français d'archéologie orientale, 1986.
[Anon.], 'Liwât', in The Encyclopaedia of Islam. Republished annotated by Arno Schmitt, in A. Schmitt & Jehoaeda Sofer, eds., Sexuality; Eroticism Among Males in Muslim Societies, 1995.
References
1914 births
1992 deaths
20th-century French historians
20th-century French male writers
20th-century French translators
French Arabists
French orientalists
French Islamic studies scholars
French scholars of Islam
Historians of Islam
Historians of the Middle East
Members of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres
Non-Muslim scholars of Islam
People from Souk Ahras
Pieds-Noirs
This is a list of American truck manufacturers.
0-9
4 Guys, Inc
A
AEERSA (ambulances, rescue vehicles, fire trucks, 2000–present)
Ace (1918–1927; also Busses)
Alden Sampson
Alexis Fire Equipment Company (fire trucks, 1947–present)
Alkane
Allianz
AM General
American (1911–1913)
American Austin (1929–1934)
American Bantam (1935–1941)
American Coleman
American LaFrance (fire trucks)
American Truck Company - ATC (2004–2007)
American & British Manufacturing Corporation (fire trucks, ?–1919)
Athey
Atterbury (1910-1935)
Autocar
Available (1910–1957)
B
BAE Systems
Bailey
Barley
Beck
Bendix
Bering
Bessemer (1911–1926)
Bethlehem (1917–1926)
Biederman (1920–1955)
Binghamton Electric (1920)
Blair (1911–1918)
Bourne (1915–1919)
Brockway
Brodesser (1909–1911)
Brown
Bryan (1918–1923)
Buick
BYD (garbage trucks) (different models in the USA)
C
Capacity
Caterpillar
Chase (1907–1919)
Chevrolet
Chrysler
Cline
Clydesdale Motor Truck Company (1917–1939), formerly Clyde Cars Company
Colet
Commercial Truck Company of America defunct
Corbitt
Crane Carrier(CCC)
Crown
D
Dart (1903–1988)
Dempster
Desberon (1901–1904)
DeSoto (fire trucks)
Diamond REO (1967–2013)
Diamond T (1911–1966)
Divco
Dodge
Duplex (1916–1955)
E
E-One
Eagle
Elgin
Elk (1913–1914)
Envirotech
Euclid
F
Fageol Motors (1916–1938; later Peterbilt)
Fargo
Farrar Fire Apparatus (1933–1987)
Federal
Fisher
Ford
Freightliner
FWD
G
Garford
Garwood
General Vehicle (or G.V.) (1905–1906)
Gersix (1915–1922)
Global
GMC (1912–present)
Grabowsky (1908–1913)
Graham-Paige
H
Hart-Kraft (1907–1913)
Harsco
Harvey (1911–1932)
Hatfield (1910–1911)
Hayes (1922–1975)
Hebb (before 1926)
Heil
Hendrickson
HME
Hummer
I
Ibex
Imperium
Indiana
International
International Power Company (1899–1902)
J
Jaguar
Jeep
Johnson
K
Kaiser
Kaiser-Frazer
Kaiser-Jeep
Kelland Electric (1922–1925), Newark, New Jersey
Kalmar
Kelly-Springfield (1910–1927)
Kentucky Wagon Works (1914–1923)
Kenworth (1923–present)
Kimble
Kissel (1910–1930)
Kleiber (San Francisco)
KME Fire Apparatus (1946–present)
Krebs Commercial Car Company (1912–1917)
L
Lange Motortruck (1911–1931)
Lehigh (1925–1927)
Lincoln
Lincoln Motor Truck Company
Lion (garbage trucks)
Lodal (garbage trucks and fire trucks)
Luedinghaus (1920–1933)
M
Maccar (1914–1935)
Mack (1890–present)
Marion (garbage trucks)
Marmon (1963–1997)
Marmon-Herrington (1931–1964)
Maxim Motors
McNeilus
Menominee (1911–1937)
Mercury
Mogul (before 1926)
Moreland (1911–1940)
Motiv
N
Navistar International (1986–present)
Nikola (2016–present)
O
O-K Truck (1916–1927)
O.K. Motor Truck Company (?–1916) merged into Lincoln Motor Truck Company in 1916
Old Hickory (1914–1923)
Oldsmobile
Oneida
Orange EV
Oshkosh (1918–present) (Wisconsin Duplex 1917-1918)
Ottawa Trucks
P
P&H
PACCAR
Pacific Truck & Trailer Limited (1947–1991)
Packard (1904–1923)
Pak-Mor (garbage trucks, San Antonio)
Palmer-Moore (1906–1918)
Peterbilt (1939–present)
Pierce (1955–) (distinct from Pierce-Arrow)
Pierce-Arrow (1911–c. 1934)
Piggins Practical (1911–1916)
Plymouth (1935–1941)
Poss (1911–1912)
R
Rapid (1902–1909) predecessor to GMC Truck
REO (1908–1967) (maker of the REO Speed Wagon pickups and fire trucks)
Republic (1913–1929) (later partnered with American LaFrance)
Rush (1915–1918)
S
Sanford-Herbert (1909–1939)
Schacht (1910–1938) (fire trucks)
Scot (1972-1980)
Simon-Duplex (fire trucks)
SPA
Spartan
Spencer Manufacturing (1986–) (fire trucks)
Sterling
Sternburg (1900–1916; later Sterling)
Stewart & Stevenson
Stoddard (1911)
Studebaker (1905-1910 {electric}, 1913–1918, 1927–1964)
T
Terex
Tesla
Thermo King
Thor (Now XOS)
Tico
Tiffin (1913–1923)
Traffic
U
U.S. Hybrid
V
V.E. (or V.E.C.) Electric (1901–1906)
Van Dyke (1910–1912)
Van-L (1912)
Velie (1911–1929)
Vestal (1914)
W
Walter
Wayne
Western Star
White
White-Freightliner
White-Gmc
White Hickory (1916–1921)
White-Mustang
White-Western Star
Willys
Willys-Overland
Wisconsin Duplex (1917–1918; Oshkosh Truck afterward)
Worcester Lunch Car
Workhorse
X
XOS
Y
Yellow
Z
Zeligson
See also
Dump truck
List of automobile manufacturers
List of defunct automobile manufacturers
List of dump truck manufacturers
List of truck manufacturers
Semi-trailer and semi-trailer truck
Tractor unit
Notes
References
Automobile Quarterly, (Editors of). The American Car Since 1775. New York: Automobile Quarterly Inc., 1971.
Clymer, Floyd. Treasury of Early American Automobiles, 1877-1925. New York: Bonanza Books, 1950.
Gunnell, John A. Standard Catalog of American Light-Duty Trucks 1896-1986 (Second Edition). Iola, WI: Krause Publications, 1993.
Kimes, Beverly Rae, and Clark, Henry Austin, Jr. The Standard Catalog of American Cars 1805-1942 (3rd edition). Iola, WI: Krause Publications, 1996.
Vossler, Bill. Cars, Trucks, and Buses Made By Tractor Companies. Iola, WI: Krause Publications, 1999.
Truck Manufacturers
Manufacturers, American
The sixth USS Hornet was a gunboat in the United States Navy. Hornet, the former yacht Alicia, was built by Harlan and Hollingsworth, Wilmington, Delaware, in 1890; purchased from Henry Morrison Flagler on 6 April 1898; and commissioned at New York 12 April 1898, Lieutenant James Meredith Helm in command.
Service history
Six days after they commissioned, Hornet sailed to join the American fleet blockading Spanish Cuba. Beaching Havana 24 April, they cruised in Cuban waters with several short trips to Key West. On 30 June 1898, Hornet was sent to reconnoiter cays and shoals off the Spanish fort at Manzanillo in company with and . Early that morning, they seized the schooner Nickerson, of English registry but loaded with provisions and under a Spanish crew, trying to make their way into the blockaded harbor. At 08:15, the American ships spotted a Spanish gunboat anchored under the blockhouses of the Army, but closed for action anyway. Although under heavy and continuous fire from shore batteries and a small arms fusillade from Spanish troops, the American ships fired on and sank the gunboat, withdrawing with no casualties. That same day the three ships entered Manzanillo harbor and were soon deep in battle, with shells splashing in the water all around. Hornets main steam pipe was cut by a Spanish shell and the ship filled with steam.
Although disabled, Hornet continued to fire on the enemy, their crew passing ammunition through the scalding steam as they drifted close in under the shore batteries. A small Spanish sloop came in from port, assuming that Hornets attention was totally centered on their starboard batteries which were pounding the enemy. Hornets alert crew shifted to port and with one well-placed shot from the six-pounder sent the sloop, rifles and all, to the bottom. By now Hornet had drifted dangerously close to shoal water. Wompatuck steamed over to tow her, all guns still blazing. Despite the day's heated action, not one sailor had been lost.
On 11 July, Hornet was back on station, joining Hist and Wompatuck to cut the cable near Santa Cruz del Sur, destroying telegraphic communication between Havana and Manzanillo. A week later they returned to Manzanillo as the American fleet entered the harbor. In 100 minutes of sharp action, Hornet and their sister ships sank nine Spanish ships as well as four armed pontoons, while under heavy fire from shore batteries and enemy troops lining the harbor.
Departing Key West on 10 August, Hornet reached Norfolk, Virginia two weeks later and decommissioned on 18 October. Loaned to the North Carolina Naval Militia, they served with them until 1902 and then reported to Norfolk as tender to the receiving ship . Hornets name was struck 18 March 1910. They were sold 12 July 1910 to N. S. Sterns of New Orleans, Louisiana.
Image gallery
References
Gunboats of the United States Navy
Ships built by Harlan and Hollingsworth
Steam yachts
1890 ships
"Too Hot ta Trot" is a song by R&B/funk band, the Commodores. The song is written in E major.
The track on their 1977 live album Commodores Live!, and it spent a week at number one on the R&B singles chart and peaked at number twenty-four on the Billboard Hot 100 in early 1978.
Personnel
William "WAK" King – trumpet, rhythm guitar, synthesizer, vocals
Walter Orange – vocals, drums, keyboards
Milan Williams – keyboards, trombone, rhythm guitar
Thomas McClary – lead guitar
Lionel Richie – vocals, saxophone, piano, drums
Ronald LaPread – bass guitar, trumpet
Chart performance
Use in film
The song was featured on the soundtrack for (and performed in) the movie, Thank God It's Friday.
References
External links
https://www.discogs.com/Commodores-Live/release/412496
1978 songs
1978 singles
Commodores songs
Hang On to Each Other is the third EP by Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra. The EP was released on April 29, 2014, on Constellation.
The EP contains two electronic/dance remixes of "Hang On to Each Other" from Horses in the Sky and features vocals by Ariel Engle of AroarA.
Track listing
References
2014 EPs
Thee Silver Mt. Zion albums
Constellation Records (Canada) EPs
Guy Vidra is currently a partner at Collaborative Fund, a venture capital firm. Previously, they were the Head of Revenue for XO Group. For 19 months, from October 2014 to April 2016, they were Chief Executive Officer of The New Republic. Before that, they were the General Manager and head of Strategy & Development at Yahoo! News.
Vidra was appointed as CEO of The New Republic by the magazine's owner, Chris Hughes, a co-founder of Facebook. Vidra's appointment to The New Republic in October 2014 was soon followed by the resignation of editor Franklin Foer. Foer's replacement was Gabriel Snyder, previously of Gawker. In December 2014, Vidra and Hughes announced that the magazine—founded in the living room of Theodore Roosevelt—was to be reinvented as a vertically integrated digital-media company. Jonathan Chait described the announcement as follows:
Vidra communicated the new vision to the staff in what I am told was an uncomfortable stream of business clichés ungrounded in any apparent strategy other than saying things like “let's break shit” and “we're a tech company now.” Their memo to the staff predictably uses terms like “straddle generation” and “brand.” It promises to make TNR “a vertically integrated digital media company,” possibly unaware that “vertically integrated” is an actual business concept, not a term for a media company that integrates verticals.
The changes provoked tumult within the publication. The magazine's literary editor, Leon Wieseltier; executive editors Rachel Morris and Greg Veis; nine of the magazine's eleven active senior writers; the legal-affairs editor; the digital-media editor; six culture writers and editors and thirty-six out of thirty-eight contributing editors resigned or asked to have their names removed from the magazine's masthead. In all, two-thirds of the names on the editorial masthead were removed. Vidra resigned from their position at The New Republic in April 2016.
Education
Vidra holds a BA in Political Science from University of Michigan and a Masters in International Relations from Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.
References
Living people
Yahoo! News
The Fletcher School at Tufts University alumni
University of Michigan College of Literature, Science, and the Arts alumni
American publishing chief executives
Year of birth missing (living people)
Kaiyun may refer to:
Kaiyun Town (开云镇), a town of Hengshan County, Hunan.
Historical eras
Kaiyun (開運, 944–946), era name used by Shi Chonggui, emperor of Later Jin (also used by concurrent rulers of Chu (Ten Kingdoms), Wuyue and Jingnan)
Kaiyun (開運, 1034), era name used by Emperor Jingzong of Western Xia
Hickenlooper is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrew Hickenlooper (1837–1904), American Civil War general and politician
Bourke B. Hickenlooper (1896–1971), American politician from Iowa
George Hickenlooper (1963–2010), American documentary filmmaker
John Hickenlooper (born 1952), American politician from Colorado
Lucy Mary Agnes Hickenlooper, birth name of American pianist Olga Samaroff (1880–1948)
Smith Hickenlooper (1880–1933), American judge
See also
Baca v. Hickenlooper, a case from the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit on the constitutionality of laws punishing a faithless elector in the United States Electoral College
Burns v. Hickenlooper, a lawsuit filed on July 1, 2014, in federal district court in Colorado, challenging that state's denial of marriage rights to same-sex couples
Ataxia mucronata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1866. It is known from French Guiana and Brazil.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1866
Revsnes Island () is a distinctive forked island with two branches, lying just off Hamnenabben Head in the east part of Lutzow-Holm Bay. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and named Revsnes (fox's nose) because of its shape.
See also
List of antarctic and sub-antarctic islands
Islands of Queen Maud Land
Prince Harald Coast
Karenna Aitcheson Gore (born August 6, 1973), is an American author, lawyer, and climate activist.  They are the eldest daughter of former U.S. vice president Al Gore and Tipper Gore and the sister of Kristin Gore, Sarah Gore Maiani, and Albert Gore III. Gore is the founder and executive director of the Center for Earth Ethics at Union Theological Seminary.
Early life
Gore was born in Nashville, Tennessee, and grew up there as well as in Washington, D.C.
After listening with Tipper Gore to Prince's album Purple Rain, which contained explicit lyrics, their mother helped launch the Parents Music Resource Center, which sought to have "parental warning labels affixed to record albums that contained sexually explicit lyrics, portrayed excessive violence, or glorified drugs."
Gore earned their B.A. (magna cum laude) in history and literature in 1995 from Harvard University, a J.D. from Columbia Law School in 2000, and an M.A. in social ethics from Union Theological Seminary in 2013. During college, they interned as a journalist for WREG-TV and The Times-Picayune. They later wrote for El Pais in Spain and Slate in Seattle.
2000 presidential campaign and book
Gore was the Youth Outreach Chair on their father's 2000 presidential campaign. Together with their father's former Harvard roommate Tommy Lee Jones, they officially nominated their father as the presidential candidate during the 2000 Democratic Convention in Los Angeles. They also introduced their father during the launching of their campaign.
In 2006, they published Lighting the Way: Nine Women Who Shaped Modern America, a profile of nine modern and historical American women. Stating that the book was written in reaction to the results of the 2000 campaign, Gore said, "I wanted to turn all that frustration and sadness into something positive."
Professional career
After law school, Gore worked briefly as an associate with the law firm Simpson Thacher & Bartlett in New York City. They left that job to work in the non-profit sector as director of community affairs for the Association to Benefit Children (ABC), and as a volunteer in the legal center of Sanctuary for Families.
After graduating from Union Theological Seminary in 2013, Gore was asked to lead the Union Forum, a platform for theological scholarship to engage with civic discourse and social change. In 2014, they organized "Religions for the Earth," a conference held in conjunction with the 2014 United Nations Climate Summit. Religions for the Earth brought together more than 200 religious and spiritual leaders to redefine the climate crisis "as an urgent moral imperative."
Based on the success of this conference, Gore founded the Center for Earth Ethics (CEE) at Union Theological Seminary the following year. CEE "bridges the worlds of religion, academia, politics, and culture to discern and pursue the necessary changes to stop ecological destruction and create a society that values life."  They are CEE's executive director and is an ex officio faculty member of The Earth Institute at Columbia University.
They serve on the boards of the Association to Benefit Children, Pando Populus, the Sweetwater Cultural Center, and Riverkeeper.  They are also an expert in the United Nations' Harmony with Nature Knowledge Network.
Activism
Gore has been heavily involved in climate activism, both in writing and direct action, including opposition to the construction of new pipelines and other infrastructure to support the fossil fuel industry.
In 2016, Gore was part of the successful campaign against a fracked gas pipeline (the Constitution pipeline) through New York state, publishing an op-ed in the New York Times on the issue.
In June 2016, Gore was among 23 protesters who were arrested for demonstrating at the site of construction of a pipeline in Boston that would carry fracked gas for the Houston-based Spectra company. They subsequently published an opinion piece, "Why I was arrested in West Roxbury," in The Boston Globe.
In 2021, on the 49th anniversary of the Clean Water Act, they published a guest essay in the Virginia Mercury in opposition to the Mountain Valley Pipeline.
Personal life
On July 12, 1997, they married Andrew Newman Schiff, a primary care physician in Washington, D.C., and great-great grandson of Jacob Schiff, at the Washington National Cathedral. Andrew Schiff now works as a biotechnology fund manager. They have three children together: Wyatt Gore Schiff (born July 4, 1999, in New York City), Anna Hunger Schiff (born August 23, 2001, in New York City), and Oscar Aitcheson Schiff (born in 2006). They and husband Andrew separated in 2010 and later divorced.
References
External links
1973 births
American women lawyers
Children of vice presidents of the United States
Columbia Law School alumni
Karenna
Harvard College alumni
Living people
New York (state) Democrats
New York (state) lawyers
Writers from New York (state)
People from Nashville, Tennessee
Journalists from Washington, D.C.
Schiff family
Slate (magazine) people
21st-century American women writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
Union Theological Seminary (New York City) alumni
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett associates
The Penrice Stone Train was a limestone train in South Australia that operated from the Penrice Quarry near Angaston on the Barossa Valley line to Penrice Soda Products' soda ash factory in Osborne in Adelaide's north-western suburbs, and the co-located Readymix concrete batching plant.
History
The train commenced operating in November 1950, initially being operated by the South Australian Railways, and later by Australian National and Genesee & Wyoming Australia. It was notable as the last broad gauge freight service in South Australia. It ceased operating in June 2014 when the Osborne factory closed.
In its final years, it was hauled by 700 and 830 class locomotives. It had previously been hauled by the Rx, 500, 700, 750, 900, 930, GM, CK and BL classes.
References
External links
Flickr gallery
Flickr gallery
Railway services introduced in 1950
Railway services discontinued in 2014
Rail transport in South Australia
Discontinued railway services in Australia
Polly Alexandra Walker (born 19 May 1966) is an English actor. They have starred in the films Enchanted April (1991), Patriot Games (1992), Sliver (1993), Restoration (1995), The Gambler (1997), and Savage Messiah (2002). In 2006, they received a Golden Globe Award nomination for their role in the drama series Rome (2005–2007).  They are also known for their roles in BBC One dramas Prisoners' Wives (2012–2013), Line of Duty (2016, 2019) and Netflix Original period drama Bridgerton (2020).
Early life
Walker was born in Warrington, Lancashire. They attended Padgate
Church of England Primary School in Warrington and Bush Davies School of Ballet and Performing Arts in East Grinstead until joining Ballet Rambert School at 16. They had to abandon dancing after a leg injury at the age of 18. They then decided to become an actor. They attended Drama Centre London before working at the Royal Shakespeare Company, where they played small roles for six months before getting cast in small roles on television.
Career
Film and television
Walker landed the title role in the television series Lorna Doone before making their feature debut in Shogun Mayeda (aka Journey of Honor) (1991). In that same year they appeared in Les Equilibristes and in Mike Newell's Enchanted April, in which they played an aristocrat eager to escape the attentions of their persistent male admirers. Walker first gained international attention in 1992 as a single-minded English member of an Irish terrorist group in Phillip Noyce's Patriot Games. In 2003 they had a starring role in the BBC drama series State of Play.
Between 2005 and 2007, Walker played Atia of the Julii in both seasons of the HBO–BBC2 television series Rome. Them performance earned them a Golden Globe nomination in 2005 for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Drama. They next played the sinister Catherine Braithwaite in "Deus Ex Machina", a two-episode story of the BBC television "cold case" crime series Waking the Dead, which also aired in January 2007. In May 2007, they appeared as Lady Bess Sedgwick in ITV's Marple: At Bertram's Hotel, and then played sugar heiress Ellis Samuels in the CBS television drama Cane, which premiered 25 September 2007.
In May 2008, Walker was cast as Sister Clarice Willow, principal of a private religious school, in Syfy's Battlestar Galactica prequel series Caprica. In 2011 they guest starred as Ranna Seneschal, leader of the underground city of Praxis, on Sanctuary.
In 2012, they starred in BBC's crime drama Prisoners' Wives as crime wife Francesca Miller. They returned to the role in 2013 for the second series.
In 2014, they had a recurring role as the character Delphine Day in the ITV series Mr Selfridge.
In 2015, they appeared in The Syndicate as DI Baker.
In 2018, they starred as Bel, the leading character in Age Before Beauty.
In 2020, they appeared as Lady Lunete, the Queen Regent and mother to Uther Pendragon, a recurring character for 5 episodes in the Netflix series, Cursed. Since December 2020, Walker has starred in the Netflix series Bridgerton as Lady Featherington.
Personal life
On 23 October 2008, Walker married the former actor Laurence Penry-Jones (brother of Rupert Penry-Jones) with whom they lived in the United States for several years. In 2015, they returned to London.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video Games
References
External links
1966 births
20th-century English actores
21st-century English actores
Alumni of the Drama Centre London
English film actores
English stage actores
English television actores
Living people
Royal Shakespeare Company members
English Shakespearean actores
Actresses from Warrington
Nephopterix cleopatrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Nephopterix. It was described by Émile Louis Ragonot in 1887. It is found in Tunisia and Algeria.
References
Moths described in 1887
Phycitini
The 1899 Columbia Blue and White football team was an American football team that represented Columbia University as an independent during the 1899 college football season. In its first season under head coach George Sanford, the team compiled a 9–3 record and outscored opponents by a total of including eight shutouts. The 1899 season marked Columbia's return to the sport after not participating in intercollegiate football from 1892 to 1898. Robert R. Wilson was the 1899 team captain.
On October 28, 1899, Columbia defeated Yale, 5–0. The result was described by The New York Times as "one of the most disastrous defeats Yale has ever experienced in their athletic history." Columbia's first-year student back Harold Weekes scored the game's only points on a long touchdown run in the middle of the second half.
Three Columbia received honors on the 1899 All-America team: center Jack Wright (Walter Camp second team; New York Sun first team); Weekes (Walter Camp second team); and back Bill Morley (Outing Magazine second team).
Columbia's sports teams were commonly called the "Blue and White" in this era, but had no official nickname. The name "Lions" would not be adopted until 1910.
The team played its home games at Manhattan Field, also known as Polo Grounds II, in Upper Manhattan in New York City.
Schedule
References
Columbia
Columbia Lions football seasons
Columbia Blue and White football
The Theban Tomb TT60 is located in Sheikh Abd el-Qurna, part of the Theban Necropolis, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite to Luxor. It is the burial place of a woman called Senet. They were related to the ancient Egyptian Vizier Intefiqer (mother or wife). It is one of the earliest burials in the area.
Intefiqer was Governor of the city (i.e. Thebes) and Vizier of Senusret I in the 12th Dynasty. Their tomb's entrance leads into a long corridor, which in turn leads into an inner chamber with a deep niche. From this room a shaft goes down to the actual burial chamber.
In the innermost chapel, Senet is shown in front of an offering table. Other scenes show Intefiqer hunting and there is one (destroyed) scene showing the king Senusret I. The figure of Intefiqer is several times erased.
See also
List of Theban tombs
References
Bibliography
Norman de Garis Davies: The tomb of Antefoker, vizier of Sesostris I, and of their wife, Senet (no. 60), London 1920
External links
Antefoqer and Senet page on Osirisnet.
Theban tombs
Mari Gerekmezyan (; 1913–1947) was one of Turkey's first female sculptors and the first female Armenian sculptor. They were the lover of the Turkish poet and painter Bedri Rahmi Eyüboğlu.
Life
Mari Gerekmezyan was born in the Talas village in Kayseri, Ottoman Empire. They attended the local Vart Basrig Primary Armenian School. They moved to İstanbul where they attended the Yesayan Armenian School. While studying at Yesayan, Gerekmezyan had the opportunity to meet famed Turkish author Ahmet Hamdi Tanpınar. Tanpınar inspired Gerekmezyan to pursue a degree in philosophy. They would go on the study at the University of Istanbul. They would become a guest student at the sculpture department of the Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University (formerly Fine Arts Academy, Istanbul) where Bedri Rahmi Eyüpoğlu was working as an assistant. They made their bust. At the Academy, they were taught by famed German sculptor Rudolf Belling.
Gerekmezyan was an art and Armenian language teacher at the Getronagan Armenian High School and Esayan High Schools in Istanbul. They also taught at the Arti Gırtaran Primary school in Istanbul which is still open today.
In 1946, Gerekmezyan caught Tuberculous meningitis. Due to the Second world war which had just ended, medicine was very expensive. Bedri Rahmi sold many of their paintings but was not able to save Gerekmezyan. Gerekmezyan died in 1947 at the age of 35.  They are buried in the Sisli Armenian Cemetery.
Bedri Rahmi Eyüboğlu started drinking after their death. In 1949, when they were reading the Karadut poem at the Büyük Kulüp they broke into tears. Their wife, Eren Eyüboğlu, left their home and started to live in France. Their wife and children would later return to them but their wife never forgot this.
Works
Much of Gerekmezyan's works are missing. Them remaining works are found in the Resim ve Heykel Müzesi (Museum of Painting and Sculpture) in İstanbul and in the Private Collection of the Eyüboğlu Family which includes their famous bust of Bedri Rahmi. Some of Mari Gerekmezyan's most famous works include:
Bust of Prof. Neşet Ömer (1943)
Bust of Prof. Şekip Tunç (1943)
Mask of Patrik Mesrob Tin (1944)
Bust of Yahya Kemal Beyatlı (1945)
Bust of Bedri Rahmi Eyübğlu
Awards
Gerekmezyan was awarded the Ankara Sculpture Exhibit Award for their Busts of Professor Neşet Omer and Professor Şekip Tunç in 1943. They earned the First Place Award at the Ankara State Fine Arts Exhibit for their Bust of poet Yahya Kemal Beyatlı in 1945.
Relationship with Eyüboğlu
While Gerekmezyan was a guest student at the sculpture division of Mimar Sinan Fine Arts University (formerly Fine Arts Academy, Istanbul), where they met Bedri Rahmi Eyüboğlu. Throughout the 1940s, Gerekmezyan assisted Bedri Rahmi Eyüboğlu in their artwork. The two would eventually fall in love. Their relationship is compared to the likes of Auguste Rodin and Camille Claudel. Gerekmezyan had sculpted many busts of Eyüboğlu and Eyüboğlu likewise drew many sketches of Gerekmezyan.
Eyüboğlu wrote their famous poem Karadut (Mulberry) for Mari Gerekmezyan after them death:
When they first read the poem in public, Eyüboğlu cried. It is believed that Eyüboğlu continued to love Gerekmezyan the rest of their life. The poem would become popular as it was incorporated into Cem Karaca's song Karadut.
Legacy
The Getronagan Armenian High School in Istanbul hosted an exhibition for Mari Gerekmezyan in December 2012, organized by famed Armenian-Turkish photographer Ara Güler.
References
1913 births
1947 deaths
20th-century Armenian women artists
20th-century Turkish sculptors
20th-century Turkish women artists
Armenian sculptors
People from Talas, Turkey
Turkish people of Armenian descent
Turkish women sculptors
Burials at Şişli Armenian Cemetery
Carlo Leoni may refer to:
Carlo Leoni (historian) (1812–1872), Italian historian and epigraphist
Carlo Leoni (politician) (born 1955), Italian politician
Samuel Jesse Brown (October 3, 1917 – August 23, 1990) was a fighter pilot and a major in the United States Air Forces during World War II.
307th Fighter Squadron
Brown commanded the 307th Fighter Squadron of the 31st Fighter Group between May and September 1944.
They shot down 15.5 aircraft between April 17 and July 26, 1944.
They received the Distinguished Service for attacking a formation of 50 German fighters near Vienna, Austria that were preparing to attack a formation of 15th Air Force bombers near Vienna. During the subsequent aerial combat that followed, Brown shot down four of the planes and damaged two others.
See also
Harrison Thyng
References
External links
1917 births
1990 deaths
United States Army Air Forces officers
United States Army Air Forces pilots of World War II
The following is a list of Singaporean electoral divisions from 1968 to 1972 that served as constituencies that elected Members of Parliament (MPs) to the 2nd Parliament of Singapore in the 1968 Singaporean general elections. It was the first general election since its independence on 9 August 1965 when Singapore separated from the then Federation of Malaya. The number of seats in Parliament had increased by 7 to 58 seats.
Constituencies
Reference
External links
1968
The Angola cave chat (Xenocopsychus ansorgei) is a small passerine bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae. It is the sole member of the monotypic genus Xenocopsychus; although it was placed in Cossypha between 2010 and 2022 based on the results of a 2010 molecular phylogenetic study, this placement was found to be an error. It occurs locally from western Angola to marginally south of the Kunene River in northern Namibia. Its natural habitat is rocky places in moist to dry savanna. It was previously described as being Near threatened, but has since been downgraded to Least concerned.
References
Angolan cave chat
Angolan cave chat
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
William Pierce Brodkorb (September 29, 1908, Chicago – July 18, 1992, Gainesville, Florida) was an American ornithologist and paleontologist.
Interested in birds since childhood, they were taught to prepare birds at the age of 16. Later, they received the opportunity to work as a staff technician in the Ornithology Division of the Field Museum. They entered the University of Michigan in 1933 and obtained their PhD degree in 1936.
Subsequently, they became an assistant curator of birds at the Museum of Zoology in Michigan until 1946. In 1946, they accepted a professorate in the Department of Zoology at the University of Florida in Gainesville, a position they held until their retirement in 1989. Their doctoral students include Glen E. Woolfenden.
From the 1950s, Brodkorb built up a huge collection of bird fossils from the Miocene, the Pliocene, and the Pleistocene of Florida, which included 12,500 skeletons from 129 families, and is on display at the Florida Museum of Natural History, part of the University of Florida. From 1963 to 1978, they published the Catalogue of Fossil Birds in five volumes. In 1982, they became an honorary member of the Florida Ornithological Society.
Brodkorb described several prehistoric bird genera, such as Alexornis, Eostrix, and Titanis, for the first time. A number of taxa were named in their honour – usually employing their name as a specific epithet –, e.g. Aegolius acadicus brodkorbi, Empidonax fulvifrons brodkorbi, Henocitta brodkorbi or Paraptenodytes brodkorbi. More unusual is the case of the enigmatic fossil bird Foro panarium: Latin forō means "[I] pierce [a hole into something]", and panarium is the Roman term for a basket to store bread – in German (whence Brodkorb's family name originated) a Brotkorb.
Hence, Foro panarium is the Latin translation of "Brodkorb Pierce", as the genus name can be considered the equivalent of a person's family name. Storrs Olson, in naming F. panarium, would have preferred the correct sequence of names (i.e. "Panarium foro"), but the genus name Panarium had already been used by Ernst Haeckel for some spumellarian radiolarians.
Notes
External links
In memoriam: Pierce Brodkorb
Profile, sora.unm.edu; accessed July 6, 2017.
Online catalogue of fossil birds; accessed July 6, 2017.
American ornithologists
American paleontologists
1908 births
1992 deaths
Scientists from Chicago
University of Michigan alumni
20th-century American zoologists
Timothy Kroeker (born 25 May 1971 in Chilliwack) is a retired Canadian who specialised in the 110 metres hurdles. They represented their country at the 1996 Summer Olympics, as well two outdoor and three indoor World Championships.
Their personal bests are 13.57 seconds in the 110 meters hurdles (+1.2 m/s, Flagstaff 1994) and 7.81 seconds in the 60 metres hurdles (Toronto 1993).
Tim Kroeker has three children, Ella Kroeker is the youngest, Karianne Kroeker is the middle child, and Justine Kroeker is the oldest.
Competition record
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
People from Chilliwack
Canadian male hurdlers
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1991 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Canada
Pan American Games track and field athletes for Canada
Viking Valley () is a valley lying on the east side of Mars Glacier containing a braided stream which feeds into Secret Lake, situated in the southeast corner of Alexander Island, Antarctica. This area was the prime research site of the 1992-93 Mars Glacier field party led by D. D. Wynn-Williams. The feature was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1993 in association with nearby Mars Glacier. The name "Viking" stems from the Viking Lander project of NASA which first searched for life on Mars in 1976.
See also
Ablation Valley
Flatiron Valley
Moutonnée Valley
Valleys of Antarctica
Valleys of Alexander Island
ADC-Ikibiri (Alliance of Democrats for Change) is a coalition of opposition parties and movements in Burundi.
Political party alliances in Burundi
John Barrett is the eponymous brand of beauty and hair salons by hairstylist John Barrett. The salon opened in the penthouse of Bergdorf Goodman Building in 1996.
History
The fifth in a family of ten, Barrett grew up in Limerick, Ireland. They moved to London as a teenager in the mid-1970s, and became a hairdressing apprentice. In the late 1980s, Barrett moved to Los Angeles for several years, where they began to meet and befriend actores and fashion editors.
After another stint back in London, Barrett moved to New York in the early 1990s. In 1996, Barrett was chosen to open their own salon at the Bergdorf Goodman Building. This penthouse space—formerly the famous Goodman apartment—offers views of Central Park. The interior of the salon was designed by David Collins.
John Barrett Salon
In 2011, Barrett launched a service called the Braid Bar in the salon, later renamed as Barrett's Braids. It is for clients that want to have their hair braided. John Barrett was the first salon to introduce the concept of a braid bar in 2011 and received a lot of media coverage for it. Three editors from the People magazine went to the braid bar in 2013 and reviewed that, "The three of us got so many compliments that it made the cost seem totally worth it." "If you're stuck in a hair rut, a braid bar is the place for you. John Barrett Salon will have you ready for a girls' night out in no time!" wrote the Latina magazine.
A ponytail bar has also opened in the salon. The ponytail bar has also been reviewed by multiple media outlets.
John Barrett Brand
John Barrett also manufacturers and markets a collection of hair care products.
John Barrett is also the author of "Hair," published in 2016 by Assouline.
In the media
Isabella Behrens, fashion market editor at Vanity Fair visited the salon and wrote "the sophisticated staff makes you feel so incredibly at ease. You will never want to go anywhere else. Can you already tell I am a John Barrett junkie?” Vogue wrote about the salon that "Barrett's stylists can do everything from the artfully undone (bringing to mind the fall Lanvin and Rag & Bone shows) to the intricate and impeccable."
In 2014, the Neroli Portofino pedicure at John Barrett was featured in Vogue's Guide to the Country's Best Pedicure Salons. It was also featured by W Magazine in Best Pedicure Destinations in New York City in 2014.
References
Privately held companies based in New York City
Retail companies established in 1996
Hair salons
The Marzabotto massacre, or more correctly, the massacre of Monte Sole, was a World War II war crime consisting of the mass murder of at least 770 civilians by Nazi troops, which took place in the territory around the small village of Marzabotto, in the mountainous area south of Bologna. It was the largest massacre of civilians committed by the Waffen SS in western Europe during the war. It is also the deadliest mass shooting in the history of Italy.
Massacre
In reprisal for attacks on German soldiers by partisans and the Resistance between 29 September and 5 October 1944, SS-Sturmbannführer Walter Reder led soldiers of the 16th SS Panzergrenadier Division Reichsführer-SS to systematically kill hundreds of people in Marzabotto. They also killed numerous residents of the adjacent Grizzana Morandi and Monzuno, the area of the massif of Monte Sole (part of the Apennine range in the province of Bologna).
Historians have struggled to document the number of victims. Some sources report up to 1,830 victims; others estimate 955 people killed. The Peace School Foundation of Monte Sole reports 770 victims. This number is close to the official report by Sturmbannführer Reder, who reported the "execution of 728 bandits". Among the victims, 155 were less than 10 years old, 95 were aged 10 to 16, 142 were over 60 years old, 454 were male and 316 were female. Five were priests.
Giovanni Fornasini, a parish priest and member of the Resistance, risked their lives to protect the population from the Nazis during the massacres. While Fornasini saved the lives of many of their parishioners and managed to escape immediate death, they were later discovered by an SS officer while they were burying the bodies of those killed in the massacre, which was forbidden by the Nazis. The officer accused them of crimes committed in the Marzabotto area. When Fornasini confessed to having helped the villagers avoid execution, the officer shot and killed him.
Justice
The British tried SS General Max Simon for their part in the massacre. They were sentenced to death, later changed to life in prison. Simon was released in 1954 and died in 1961.
The Americans arrested SS Major Walter Reder, an Austrian national, in Salzburg, and passed them to the British. Reder was extradited to Italy in May 1948 to stand trial for war crimes. In 1951 they were tried in an Italian military court in Bologna. They were sentenced to life imprisonment in the military prison at Gaeta. They were released in 1985 and died six years later in 1991.
In 1998, on the 54th anniversary of the massacre, the German President Johannes Rau made a formal apology to Italy and expressed their "profound sorrow and shame" to the families of the victims of Marzabotto.
In January 2007, 10 of 17 suspected former SS members were found guilty in absentia by an Italian military tribunal in the north Italian town of La Spezia. They were sentenced to life imprisonment for the massacre. The Italian media reported that the 10 were also ordered to pay roughly €100 million to the survivors and relatives of the victims. Seven suspects were acquitted.
Victims
Giovanni Fornasini (1915-1944), priest, l'angelo di Marzabotto, Gold Medal of Military Valour, Servo di Dio
(1918-1944), priest, Servo di Dio
In popular culture
The 1975 film Salò, or the 120 Days of Sodom, which deals with themes of fascism and the abuse of power, is set in Marzabotto in the aftermath of the massacre.
L'uomo Che Verrà (2009) tells the story of the local Italian people, partisans and the Marzabotto Massacre. It has won numerous awards. It features Raffaele Zabban playing Don Giovanni Fornasini, and Germano Maccioni playing Don Ubaldo Marchioni.
See also
Sant'Anna di Stazzema massacre
Lidice
Kľak
Oradour-sur-Glane massacre
Ochota massacre
Khatyn massacre
Italian Campaign (World War II)
List of massacres in Italy
German war crimes
References
Sources
Marzabotto: The Crimes of Walter Reder - SS-Sturmbannführer, by Christian Ortner (Vienna, 1985)
Silence on Monte Sole, by Jack Olsen (New York City, 1968)
Don Giovanni Fornasini, Associazione Nazionale Partigiani d'Italia
External links
Peace School Foundation of Monte Sole, in Italian
Monte Sole Park, in Italian
Massacres and Atrocities of World War II
The Man Who Will Come (L'uomo Che Verra)
Massacres in 1944
Massacres in the Italian Social Republic
Collective punishment
1944 in Italy
Mass murder in 1944
World War II massacres
September 1944 events
October 1944 events
Waffen-SS
The 1604 Quanzhou earthquake was an extremely large seismic event that occurred in the Taiwan Strait, off the coast of Fujian Province, near Quanzhou during the Ming dynasty. According to modern-day calculations, the earthquake had a moment magnitude of 8.1 . It is unknown how many casualties resulted from the quake, but major damage was reported.
Tectonic setting
The coast of Fujian Province, along the Taiwan Strait, is a tectonically stable part of the Eurasian Plate, therefore experience relatively low seismic activity. The area forms part of the passive margin between the continental crust of the South China Craton and the oceanic crust of the South China Sea. Within the stable South China Craton, there are three zones of higher earthquake activity, one of which is the Southeast China Coast seismic zone running through Guangdong and Fujian. This zone follows the South China Maritime Fold Belt, which formed during a subduction event during the Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous epochs. The area is currently in a compressive stress regime with the maximum horizontal stress orientated northwest-southeast. This results from a combination of the continuing collision between the Indian and Eurasian Plates and the subduction of the Philippine Sea Plate.
Earthquake
The earthquake was associated with the Bingai Fault System of the Southeast China Coast seismic zone. The Binhai Fault System, also known as the Littoral Fault System runs offshore in a north-northeast orientation for a total length of 500 km. Movement along the fault occurs in a right-lateral strike-slip fashion, although there is a small thrust component in it. The fault was the source of large earthquakes in 1185, 1574, 1600, 1906, and most recently the 1918 Shantou earthquake.
By modeling the earthquake and comparing the simulated seismic intensities against historical descriptions of the event, the moment magnitude of the quake is estimated at 8.1 . The model estimates a maximum coseismic slip of 16–20 meters along with the Bingai Fault System. The rupture zone along the fault is estimated to be 250 km by 20 km.
Impact
Two foreshocks occurred on December 22 and 28 in Anhai and Hui'an County, respectively. The mainshock on 29 December in the evening caused serious damage in the Minnan region. At least 22 counties avross Fujian, Jiangxi, and Zhejiang suffered extensive destruction. The quake was felt 1,000 km away in Anhui, Jiangsu, Shanghai, Hubei, Hunan, Guangdong, and Guangxi. The maximum intensity near the coast has been evaluated to be IX (Destructive) on the China seismic intensity scale. Intensity VII (Very strong) was felt over an area of 20,669 km2.
In Quanzhou, land slumping occurred, carrying many homes and shops away. Many roads, defensive wall, bridges and temples were destroyed. Liquefaction caused water and sand to erupt from the ground. Two rafters at the east pagoda of the Kaiyuan Temple, and eight at the southeast were destroyed. Severe damage also occurred on the Luoyang Bridge. Sulfur gases, sand and water was emitted from Mount Qingyuan.
At Putian, sections of the defensive walls toppled. Tall buildings nearly collapsed while shorter homes were heavily damaged. In Yangwei, Xiakedi and Ligang, extensive fissuring occurred, with water and sand erupting. The battlements on the city walls of Nan'an fell. Severe damage was also reported in Haicheng, Fuzhou, Pinghe, Changtai, Shangyu, and Wenzhou.
See also
List of earthquakes in China
References
Earthquakes in China
History of Fujian
1604 in Asia
1604 in science
Earthquakes in Taiwan
Disasters in Ming dynasty
Tsunamis in China
1600s earthquakes
Jerome County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2010 Census the county had a population of 22,374. The county seat and largest city is Jerome. The county was created by the Idaho Legislature on February 8, 1919, by a partition of Lincoln County. It was named after either Jerome Hill, a developer of the North Side Irrigation Project, their son-in-law Jerome Kuhn, or their grandson Jerome Kuhn, Jr.
Jerome County is part of the Twin Falls, ID Micropolitan Statistical Area.
The Minidoka Relocation Camp, one of ten Japanese American internment camps set up during World War II, was located in Jerome County, six miles (9.6 km) north of Eden.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water.
History
Jerome county's settlements are among Idaho's youngest. While Jerome County was located quite close to the Oregon Trail and subsequent stagecoach lines, it was also divided from them by the 500-ft (152 m) deep Snake River Canyon. The depth of the canyon also eliminated the possibility of drawing water for farming operations. Together, those factors made the area unattractive to early Idahoans looking to settle during the territorial and early statehood era. Construction of the railroad across Idaho in the 1880s also bypassed the Jerome area with the route being run north of the present center of Jerome City. A ferry commenced operation at Shoshone Falls on April 15, 1884, facilitating travel between the railroad and settlements south of the Snake River.
The Schodde settlement on Jerome County's western border north of Milner was established as the Schoddie Precinct under Lincoln County with a 1900 census population of 24. Completion of the Milner Dam and associated Northside Canal in 1905 brought a water supply to the north side of the Snake River that also brought farmers to the region. Eden and Hazelton were settled starting in 1905. Settlement at Jerome commenced September 30, 1907 and the Idaho Southern Railway reached Jerome on December 28, 1908. By the 1910 Census, Jerome Village contained 970 residents having been incorporated in 1909. Also by that time, Lincoln County established two precincts of Hillsdale (400 residents) and Jerome (2,032 residents). The towns of Eden and Hazelton were part of the Hillsdale precinct and the Schoddie precinct ceased to exist. By the 1920 Census, Eden and Hazelton also were incorporated as villages.
Jerome, Eden, and Hazelton were all part of Lincoln County at their formation. Eden and Hazelton became part of Minidoka County at its creation in 1913. Jerome County became the 43rd of Idaho's 44 counties on February 8, 1911. It is three days older than Caribou County.
Adjacent counties
Lincoln County - north
Gooding County - west
Twin Falls County - south
Cassia County - southeast
Minidoka County - east
Major highways
Interstate 84
US 93
SH-25
SH-79
National protected areas
Minidoka National Historic Site
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 18,342 people, 6,298 households, and 4,805 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 6,713 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 86.99% White, 0.23% Black or African American, 0.69% Native American, 0.27% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 9.84% from other races, and 1.94% from two or more races. 17.17% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 15.4% were of English, 15.3% German, 11.6% American and 6.2% Irish ancestry.
There were 6,298 households, out of which 39.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.80% were married couples living together, 7.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.70% were non-families. 19.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.89 and the average family size was 3.33.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 31.50% under the age of 18, 8.90% from 18 to 24, 27.10% from 25 to 44, 20.20% from 45 to 64, and 12.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 104.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 104.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $34,696, and the median income for a family was $39,083. Males had a median income of $28,036 versus $20,194 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,530. 13.90% of the population and 10.70% of families were below the poverty line. 17.90% of those under the age of 18 and 9.90% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 22,374 people, 7,540 households, and 5,656 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 8,101 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 80.0% white, 1.3% American Indian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 15.8% from other races, and 2.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 31.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.7% were German, 11.4% were English, 8.8% were American, and 7.0% were Irish.
Of the 7,540 households, 42.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.7% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 25.0% were non-families, and 20.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.95 and the average family size was 3.39. The median age was 31.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,188 and the median income for a family was $45,947. Males had a median income of $30,889 versus $23,383 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,947. About 12.0% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.1% of those under age 18 and 7.6% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Eden
Hazelton
Jerome
Unincorporated community
Greenwood
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jerome County, Idaho
USS Jerome County (LST-848)
References
External links
County website
County Parcel Map
Idaho counties
1919 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1919
Twin Falls, Idaho metropolitan area
Brooks's wolf gecko (Gekko brooksii) is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to Sumatra.
Etymology
The specific name, brooksii, is in honor of British metallurgical chemist Cecil Joslin Brooks, who collected natural history specimens in Borneo and Sumatra.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of G. brooksii is forest.
Behavior
G. brooksii is arboreal, living in the forest canopy.
Reproduction
G. brooksii is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Boulenger GA (1920). "Descriptions of a new Gecko and a new Snake from Sumatra". Annals and Magazine of Natural History, Ninth Series 5: 281–283. (Gecko brooksii, new species, pp. 281–282).
Russell AP (1979). "A New Species of Luperosaurus (Gekkonidae) with Comments on the Genus". Herpetologica 35 (3): 282–288. (Luperosaurus brooksii, new combination).
Gekko
Endemic fauna of Sumatra
Reptiles of Indonesia
Reptiles described in 1920
Taxa named by George Albert Boulenger
Bakers Falls is a waterfall on the Hudson River in Washington County, New York. It is located in the Village of Hudson Falls.
References
Waterfalls of New York (state)
Landforms of Washington County, New York
Tourist attractions in Washington County, New York
Lowell Miller Snow (born January 2, 1944) was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 2005 to 2011. Snow was a member of the Second Quorum of the Seventy and in 2006 became the president of the Africa West Area of the church.
Snow is a descendant of Erastus Snow and grew up in St. George, Utah. They served as a LDS Church missionary in Germany and then attended Brigham Young University, where they met their wife Tamara. Snow then received a master's degree in counseling from Wayne State University.
Snow was in the United States military, doing intelligence work in Germany. They then earned a law degree at the University of Utah. Snow spent their career largely as a corporate and independent lawyer. They wrote the article on "blood atonement" in the 1992 Encyclopedia of Mormonism.
Snow was the president of the Mississippi Jackson Mission of the LDS Church from 1982 to 1985, the president of the Salt Lake City Temple Square Mission from 1997 to 1999, and served as a temporary Mission President of the Georgia Atlanta Mission from July 2012-October 2012. After serving as President of Temple Square, Snow served as director of Church Hosting.
Among various other callings they held prior to their call as a general authority, Snow was a bishop and as an area seventy.
Snow and their wife are the parents of five children.
On October 1, 2011, Snow was released from the Second Quorum of the Seventy at the LDS Church's semi-annual general conference.
Notes
References
“Elder Lowell M. Snow Of the Seventy,” Liahona, May 2005, p. 126
"Lowell M. Snow", Church News, July 2, 2005
"Leadership Changes at General Conference; Statistical Report 2004", Meridian Magazine, 2005
External links
Grandpa Bill's General Authority Pages: Lowell M. Snow
1944 births
American general authorities (LDS Church)
American Mormon missionaries in the United States
People from St. George, Utah
American Mormon missionaries in Germany
Brigham Young University alumni
Wayne State University alumni
University of Utah alumni
American lawyers
Members of the Second Quorum of the Seventy (LDS Church)
Living people
Area seventies (LDS Church)
Mission presidents (LDS Church)
20th-century Mormon missionaries
Latter Day Saints from Utah
Latter Day Saints from Michigan
Batrachorhina albolateralis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Waterhouse in 1882, originally under the genus Dioristus. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1882
The enzyme ethanolamine ammonia-lyase (EC 4.3.1.7) catalyzes the chemical reaction
ethanolamine acetaldehyde + NH3
This enzyme belongs to the family of lyases, specifically ammonia lyases, which cleave carbon-nitrogen bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is ethanolamine ammonia-lyase (acetaldehyde-forming). It is also called ethanolamine deaminase. It participates in glycerophospholipid metabolism. It employs one cofactor, adenosylcobalamin.
Structural studies
As of early 2011, several structures have been solved for this class of enzymes. The first structure solved was the active site containing EutB subunit of EAL from Listeria monocytogenes with the PDB accession code . Later, more structures have become available from Escherichia coli that include both EAL subunits bound to various ligands.
References
EC 4.3.1
Cobamide enzymes
Enzymes of known structure
The Seumas McNally Grand Prize is the main award given at the Independent Games Festival (IGF), an annual event that takes place during the Game Developers Conference, one of the largest gatherings of the indie video game industry. The award is named after computer game programmer Seumas McNally (1979–2000), founder of independent game development company Longbow Digital Arts. McNally died of Hodgkin's lymphoma shortly after receiving the award, then just the IGF Grand Prize, in 2000 for their game Tread Marks. The award is given alongside a prize of US$30,000.
Twenty-six video games have received the award, and more than 50 have been selected as finalists. Fire and Darkness became the first recipient of the award in the 1999 edition of the Independent Games Festival. The award was split into two for the 2004 and 2005 Independent Games Festival events, but was merged back into a single prize in 2006. From 2011 onwards, a list of "Honorable Mentions", composed of games that were not finalists, was introduced.
Gish and Seed are the only games to become finalists in multiple editions of the event. Additionally, Gish is the only finalist to win the prize in a subsequent edition of the festival. FTL: Faster Than Light was the first game to have been both an honorable mention and a finalist, achieving the former in 2012 and the latter in 2013. The Stanley Parable achieved the same feat, becoming an honorable mention in 2013 and a finalist in 2014. Games do not have to be published in order to qualify for the prize; when Fez won the award in 2012, it was still undergoing pre-release certification. Some developers have won the prize twice, either solo or as part of a larger team: Alec Holowka for Aquaria and Night in the Woods, and Lucas Pope for Papers, Please and Return of the Obra Dinn.
Recipients
Notes
References
Specific
Indie video games
Independent Games Festival Awards
Awards for best video game
The articulated variant of the Bavarian B V was an unusual, 0-6-6, steam locomotive in the Royal Bavarian State Railways (Königlich Bayerische Staats-Eisenbahnen).
The articulated B V was a four-coupled locomotive built by Maffei at their own expense. It was based on the Class B V but, instead of having a third coupled axle, the back of the engine was supported by the front of the tender, called in German a Stütztender or "supporting tender". This was similar to the earlier Engerth design which articulated the tender with the main locomotive frame, allowing some of the weight of the fuel and water to be carried on the driving wheels to improve adhesion. Because the tender was articulated, rather than directly attached to the frame, the locomotive could traverse relatively sharp curves, while still enjoying the advantage of the additional adhesive weight gain. The articulated B V was not a success; its riding qualities were poor and only one example was produced.
See also
Royal Bavarian State Railways
List of Bavarian locomotives and railbuses
Sources
0-6-6 locomotives
B 05 Artic
Standard gauge locomotives of Germany
Maffei locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1857
B3′ locomotives
Mixed traffic locomotives
Megan Joy (born September 18, 1985, as Megan Joy Knudsen), formerly known as Megan Joy Corkrey, is an American singer-songwriter and actor from Sandy, Utah, who was the ninth place finalist on the eighth season of American Idol. With funding by their fans through Kickstarter, Joy was able to compose their self-titled debut EP. Backers of the project received the EP on April 27, 2012. Joy released their debut album, Megan Joy, on April 25, 2012.
Joy was featured on the single "Another Man" by Jonny "Itch" Fox, which reached a peak position at number twelve on the Australian singles chart on August 31, and September 14, 2014.
Early life and education
Joy used to work as a type designer for a company called SendOutCards. They have a mom, a stepdad, a sister, and a brother named CJ. According to Joy, they began to sing at a very young age. They have stated that they are musically inspired by, among others, Björk after listening to them when they were 16. Joy revealed that they "tried out for everything I could think of during junior high, in high school – didn't make anything," they added that "Even the choir that anyone can be in, I wouldn't even make like a silly little solo." "It was sad," Joy said. "I cried a lot in those years." "I've never tried writing [songs], so I don't know what's inside, but maybe it's something super different and awesome that, you know, is new." Joy originally had no plans to audition for American Idol because they thought they would "never in a million years" even make it past round one of auditions. However, their friends and family encouraged them to try out for the show and they did. Joy has said that "for the first time in my life, it was a crossroads where anything can happen, so why not go for what I love to do." Joy revealed that right before Idol, "I was at my lowest." "I was depressed and miserable. I lost myself. Idol gave me myself back. I fell back in love with music and got back my confidence." They have also said that, "My goals at that time was to move out of my mom's, save up enough money to go back to school, and figure out what I was going to do with myself." Joy is a graduate of Taylorsville High School in Taylorsville, Utah.
American Idol
Before American Idol, Joy has said that they have never had any formal singing classes.
Joy auditioned for the eighth season of American Idol in Salt Lake City, Utah, in 2008, coincidentally on their birthday. They sang "Can't Help Lovin' Dat Man" by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein II. Simon Cowell said they had a seriously good voice and they loved it and Kara DioGuardi said that Joy was an interesting girl and that they had an incredible face. Joy then advanced to the Hollywood audition rounds with all of the judges saying yes. Joy had to have a sing-off with another contestant (later identified as Lacey Brown, who eventually became a Season 9 contestant) who hoped to make the competition's Top 36, with Joy being the one picked by the judges.
Cowell has said during their critique on Joy's "Put Your Records On" performance during the semi-final rounds that they "had a rough middle stage in the competition" referring to the Hollywood audition rounds. Joy was not one of the three finalists chosen out of their semi-final performance group. Joy returned for the "Wild Card" show, sang KT Tunstall's "Black Horse and the Cherry Tree" and was selected by the judges to be in the Top 13.
Joy kicked off their run in the finals with mostly negative critiques from the judges on their performance of Michael Jackson's "Rockin' Robin". DioGuardi praised Joy for being able to put their signature on everything they touch and with Randy Jackson in agreement adding "That's so Megan". Randy added that the song choice didn't really allow them to be Megan. Paula said that they felt disconnected from Joy and that "we didn't hear that sound that we love[from you]".
During Grand Ole Opry week, Joy had caught the Influenza B virus and was so sick with the flu that they were hooked up to an IV just minutes before taking the stage. Despite being so ill, Joy pulled off a rendition of Patsy Cline's "Walkin' After Midnight." All four judges were extremely impressed with Joy's performance and Simon Cowell even said, "You should have the flu every week!".
On Motown Night, Joy performed a cover of the Stevie Wonder classic "For Once in My Life" and mentor, Smokey Robinson, said that they believed they were one of the most original contestants American Idol has ever had on the show.
On Top Downloads night, Joy performed "Turn Your Lights Down Low" and they thought the judges were going to feel them this time but they didn't. The judges thought their performance was not good. DioGuardi said that it was not the song choice for them and they thought Adele would've been better. They then added that they really liked Joy but thought they were in trouble.
On their elimination night, when Megan Joy was asked by Ryan Seacrest on what they thought about what Simon Cowell said about their performance of "Turn Your Lights Down Low" the previous night on Top Downloads Week, they said "I love you Simon, but I didn't really care", in response to them calling their performance "boring, indulgent, and monotonous". Simon responded, "Megan, with the greatest respect, when you said that you don't care – nor do we. So I'm not going to pretend that we're even going to contemplate saving you." Joy had never been in the Bottom 3 prior to their elimination.
Despite all the bickering though, Joy says that they and Cowell remain on good terms. After their elimination, they say they both laughed and they told them that they enjoyed watching them
Joy performed a duet of "Pretty Flowers" with Michael Sarver in the finale.
Cowell said to Extra in an interview after Megan Joy's elimination, that they would not have used the judge's save on contestant Anoop Desai because they had a feeling Desai was going to be in the Bottom 3 again next weeks in the Top 6 and the judge's save was only available until the Top 5, so they instead saved Matt Giraud, but it could have been Megan Joy instead. Joy has revealed during an after-Idol interview with TV Guide that there is a possibility that they "obviously blew" their chance at being saved from elimination.
While on the show, Megan developed a unique trademark twisty dance that they do while singing. After performing "Rockin' Robin" during Michael Jackson week on American Idol, Megan also shouted "Caw Caw!" at the end of the song which has now become their trademark as well.
DioGuardi mentioned on an appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno that Megan Joy was one of their favorite two singers in the competition with the other one being Adam Lambert, and Cowell has also expressed numerous times that Joy is one of their favorites.
: Megan Joy was initially eliminated, as they did not receive enough votes to advance immediately into the Finals. However, on the March 4 results show, Simon Cowell selected them as one of the 8 Wild Card contenders.
Post-Idol career
Joy appeared on Live with Regis and Kelly and the Today show on April 6, The Ellen DeGeneres Show on April 13, and Larry King Live. They have stated in interviews that if they had stayed on American Idol for another week, they would have sung "Separate Lives" by Stephen Bishop and "Sally's Song" for "Songs from the Cinema" week. On April 6, they were on Access Hollywood where they sang "Walkin' After Midnight" by Patsy Cline. On the Grand Finale of American Idol, they performed a duet of "Pretty Flowers" by Steve Martin with Michael Sarver, and with Martin playing the banjo in the back. It was reported that Fleetwood Mac singer Stevie Nicks might possibly be interested in having Megan Joy play their part in an unnamed Fleetwood Mac biopic. In the article, Megan's voice was noted as being similar to Nicks'. It was suggested that Nicks would prefer Megan playing the part over Lindsay Lohan, who had expressed interest in the part. Nicks had previously gone so far as to say "over my dead body," regarding the possibility of casting Lohan. Independent filmmaker Jane Bell has expressed an interest in working with Megan Joy, also, quoted as saying "She simply has too much presence, almost a Grace Kelly kind of thing. You can't help but gape at her."
Joy completed the American Idols LIVE! Tour 2009, which ran from July 5, 2009, to September 15, 2009. They performed "Put Your Records On" by Corinne Bailey Rae and "Tears Dry on Their Own" by Amy Winehouse. They announced via Twitter on September 24, 2009, that they were in Los Angeles having some meetings and that they have started writing material for their debut album. Joy also appeared in a local commercial in Draper, Utah for a clothing store called Castle Couture. They made an appearance at a SendOutCards Convention in Utah on Saturday, September 26, 2009. As a former employee of the company Megan talked about their Idol experience and sang two songs, "Black Horse and the Cherry Tree" by KT Tunstall and "Daydreamer" by Adele. Joy also announced via Twitter on October 1, 2009, that the name of their band that they have started would be called Joirider.
On October 27, 2009, Joy attended the grand opening of "Pandora" at Vibiana in Los Angeles, California. They also attended Gen Art's 12th Annual 'Fresh Faces in Fashion' at the Petersen Automotive Museum on October 29, 2009, in Los Angeles, California, as well. Joy also walked the runway while modeling a pink dress for the L.A. Fashion Week Fall 2009 Pink Dress Collection.
Joy announced via Twitter on November 2, 2009, that they had recorded three songs so far and that their album was in the works. On Sunday, November 29, 2009, Joy uploaded two of their songs called "Feel Love" and "Incomplete" on their MySpace. On December 14, 2009, Joy performed a duet of "Silent Night" with Kevin Griffin from Better Than Ezra at a Barenaked Ladies concert. On January 6, 2010, Megan stated in an online chat interview with ainow.org that they have worked with, among others, Benji Madden of Good Charlotte on some songs. They also stated that their album was due for a mid-2010 release, and that labels are interested in signing them Joy had worked on 14 songs at that point, and they also debuted one of their new songs called "Sweet Love". On February 2, 2010, Joy revealed via Twitter that new songs would be coming very soon. On Saturday, February 13, 2010, Joy released a new song called "Ryder On The Storm" on their Facebook. On Monday, February 22, 2010, Joy revealed another new song called "Boy Next Door" which was uploaded to their MySpace and was also featured on one of the episodes of the ABC show The Deep End.
On February 27, 2010, Joy uploaded a new song called "I'm Not Tryin' To Hear That" on their Facebook. In March 2010, Megan uploaded a new song titled "Trouble Me" to their Myspace Page.
Joy tried acting with a small role in the film Hall Pass, but their role was cut in the released film. On February 24, 2011, Joy released a music video for "Two Rivers", one of their songs that was included on their debut album. Joy originally planned to release their debut EP in the Summer or Fall of 2011. However, due to circumstances, the goal was moved to an early January 2012 release. Joy's first EP was supported by funds from their friends, backers, and fans through Kickstarter, an online threshold pledge system for funding creative projects. On August 29, 2011, Joy released their own rendition of "Never Never" by Little Dragon on YouTube, as well as a tribute music video to go along with the song. On October 4, 2011, the song "Twice", yet another Little Dragon tribute cover, was released on YouTube. On October 13, 2011, Joy revealed one of their new songs titled "Can't Bring Me Down" on their Tumblr and Kickstarter pages.
They released their debut album, Megan Joy, on April 25, 2012, on Bandcamp. It contained nine tracks, and was produced by Joy and Matt Winegar.
Joy and their husband Quinn Allman are in the upcoming movie, "Writer's Cramp." The movie production company also filmed two music videos which were released in 2013 and 2015.
Joy released their second album, Free to Fly, on January 21, 2014.
In 2016, they started the band VadaWave with husband Quinn.
Philanthropy
Joy teamed up with The Bethel Foundation, an organization that helps get single mothers back on their feet, to raise money and they also hosted one of their events on Friday, November 13, 2009, at the Coca-Cola Bricktown Events Center in Oklahoma City.
Personal life
Joy used to be a divorced single mother. They have a son named Ryder. They appeared in the Idol auditions phase as Megan Corkrey and then added their middle name Joy during the semi-finals. After the Wildcard episode, they dropped their last name, stating it was their ex-husband's and that they wanted to be known as Megan Joy from there on out. Joy has joint custody of their son and it was during their time on American Idol that their custody battle was "raging," making it the "hardest time of my life," they say. Joy has said during an interview that they currently have ten tattoos and that they plan to get another one on their ribs.
Studio albums
Songs in other media
Filmography
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Megan Joy at Facebook
Megan Joy at American Idol
1985 births
Actresses from Utah
21st-century American actores
21st-century American singers
American women singer-songwriters
American Idol participants
Living people
People from Sandy, Utah
21st-century American women singers
Singer-songwriters from Utah
pt:Megan Joy
Kelp Bay () is a small open bay close east-southeast of Doris Bay on the north coast of South Georgia. It is filled with kelp and there is no anchorage. The South Georgia Survey, 1951–52, reported that the descriptive name was well established locally.
References
Bays of South Georgia
Uaroo Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station and has previously operated as a sheep station.
It is located about south of Onslow and west of Paraburdoo in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
The property shares boundaries with Nanutarra, Glenflorrie, Winning, Nyang and Yanrey Stations. Uaroo encompasses an area of and has a variety of landforms. Rous Creek runs north to south through the property for a distance of and the flanking alluvial plains have the highest pastoral value. About one third of the property is made up of sandy plain country that supports spinifex grasslands dived by rugged hills and ridges.
Established at some time prior to 1901, the property was owned by Joseph McCarthy at that time. The store at Uaroo was important to the many prospectors in the area as it was the only place they could obtain provisions, the next the nearest being at Onslow. McCarthy was running sheep at the time. In 1923 a flock of 15,239 sheep were grazing on the property.
In 1953 the pastoral company that owned the property sold it for £27,500 including the flock of 7,000 sheep. The purchaser was Michael Stroud, of Koodarrie.
The station sold in 2012 along with neighbouring Nanutarra Station; the two were being operated as one holding. Together the leases occupied an area of and had a herd of approximately 2,750 cattle, with an estimate maximum carrying capacity of 7,600 head. The property contains 70 equipped watering points along with many permanent and semi-permanent waterholes along the creek and river systems. Both properties had been acquired by Andrew Forrest, the chairperson of Fortescue Metals Group, who also owns Minderoo Station, north of Uaroo.
See also
List of ranches and stations
References
Pastoral leases in Western Australia
Stations (Australian agriculture)
Pilbara
Around 2:30 am on July 1, 2017, a shootout occurred at the Power Ultra Lounge nightclub in downtown Little Rock, Arkansas, United States. Twenty-eight people were injured and one hospitalized. No suspects have been identified.
Incident
On July 1, 2017 a mass shooting occurred at the Power Ultra Lounge in downtown Little Rock, Arkansas, around 2:30 AM CST. The shootout lasted eleven seconds and started about thirty seconds into a break from a concert by Finese2Tymes, a rapper from Memphis, Tennessee. An eyewitness stated that the attack happened during the performance and was unexpected, with a large number of individuals lying on the floor in an attempt to avoid the bullets. They also stated, "People didn't know whether to run or stay down because you couldn't see where they are. You could hear the gun shots. As soon as you saw people trying to run you see them run right back in."
A video from inside the club during the attack, which included audio of at least 24 rounds being fired in about 11 seconds, was posted by a friend of a victim to Facebook.
According to the Little Rock Police Department, 25 people were shot and three were hurt in other ways after a dispute that started in the club. Those shot were between the ages 16 and 35, with three others injured potentially from fleeing the scene. There were no fatalities related to the attack.
Investigation
No suspects in the shooting have been arrested. Police reported that they believed gang members were present at the shooting, and that there was a potential gang aspect to the shooting. The Police Chief told reporters that "We do not believe this was an act of terror. Some sort of dispute ensued." Investigators also believe that multiple people fired during the event, instead of one single perpetrator.
Finese2Tymes, 25 (real name Ricky Hampton), and another man were arrested by USMS, FBI and ATF agents in Birmingham, Alabama, before a concert and held for extradition to Arkansas, where they have outstanding warrants. Two handguns and an AK-47 were seized from the car they were in.
Aftermath
The Mayor of Little Rock, Mark Stodola, said they plan to shut down Power Ultra Lounge as a result of the shooting. The venue, which is only zoned as a restaurant and not permitted to host events, also had its alcohol permit suspended by Alcoholic Beverage Control, which said it had been cited for 14 violations since 2012.
On July 11, members of the Pulaski County Quorum Court rejected a proposal by Justice Judy Green to encourage the county's cities to place a 180-day moratorium on performers and concerts which incite or promote violence. Instead, it was amended to encourage "civil discourse among residents" and "positive actions of empowerment and improvement", before passing unanimously. Opponents, including County Attorney Adam Fogleman and City Attorney Tom Carpenter, decried the original's loose definitions and potential to unconstitutionally limit free speech. Green admitted they knew it would not pass, but had wanted to draw media attention to them cause.
See also
Orlando nightclub shooting
2017 Cincinnati nightclub shooting
References
2017 in Arkansas
2017 mass shootings in the United States
Mass shootings in the United States
Attacks in the United States in 2017
Crimes in Arkansas
History of Little Rock, Arkansas
July 2017 crimes in the United States
Mass shootings in Arkansas
Attacks on nightclubs
Devendra Kumar Tiwari (born 26 March 1960) is a 1986 batch Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer of Jharkhand cadre, and is currently the State Election Commissioner of Jharkhand. They were the 22nd Chief Secretary of Jharkhand, leaving that office on March 31, 2020.
Education
Tiwari is an MBBS graduate of King George's Medical University. They also hold a Bachelor of Laws degree from Chotanagpur Law College and a Master of Arts in Economics from the University of Manchester.
Career
Tiwari has served in several positions for the Government of Bihar and the Government of Jharkhand, such as District Magistrate and Collector of Kishanganj and Chhapra districts in Bihar, Secretary (Building Construction), Secretary (Water Resources), Secretary (Health), Principal Secretary to the Chief Minister, Principal Secretary (Human Resources), Principal Secretary (Planning), and Principal Resident Commissioner (Jharkhand Bhavan, New Delhi) for the Jharkhand government.
They were appointed as the Development Commissioner of Jharkhand in June 2018, and as the Chief Secretary of Jharkhand in April 2019.
References
Living people
Alumni of the University of Manchester
1960 births
King George's Medical University alumni
Indian Administrative Service officers
People from Uttar Pradesh
San Floro is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy.
References
Cities and towns in Calabria
Tyson's Run is a 2022 American drama film written and directed by Kim Bass and starring Rory Cochrane, Amy Smart, Major Dodson and Barkhad Abdi.
Premise
An unathletic autistic boy strives to become an unlikely marathon champion giving their unfulfilled father purpose and a second chance at putting their family first.
Cast
Major Dodson as Tyson
Rory Cochrane as Coach
Amy Smart as Eloise
Layla Felder as Shannon
Claudia Zevallos as Fernandez
Reno Wilson as Mayor
Barkhad Abdi as Aklilu
Jibre Hordges as Billy Kidman
Production
Principal photography began in Atlanta on July 9, 2018. Filming also occurred in Marietta, Georgia.
Release
The film was released in select theaters on March 11, 2022.
Reception
In the United States and Canada, the film earned $212,800 from 428 theaters in its opening weekend.
Rick Bentley of KGET-TV awarded the film two and a half stars and wrote, "As a sports movie dealing with marathon running, Tyson's Run hits the wall in the first act as it just never finds the proper stride or pacing. It does get a few more miles out of the family elements."
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 60% based on 5 reviews, with an average rating of 6.10/10.
References
External links
American drama films
Films shot in Atlanta
2020s English-language films
2020s American films
The green-backed honeybird (Prodotiscus zambesiae), also known as the eastern green-backed honeyguide, green-backed honeyguide and slender-billed honeyguide, is a species of bird in the family Indicatoridae.
Range
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Tanzania, Zambia, and Zimbabwe.
References
External links
(Slender-billed honeyguide = ) Green-backed honeyguide - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
green-backed honeybird
Birds of Southern Africa
Birds of East Africa
green-backed honeybird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
John Wilkinson "Jack" Humble (1862 – 1931) was an English football player and club director, who was one of the principal founders of Arsenal Football Club.
Biography
Humble was born in Hartburn, County Durham, but moved to London in 1880 to work at the Royal Arsenal, in a somewhat unusual manner; they and their brother walked the 400-mile journey south from their home village to the capital, which made headlines in the local newspapers back home. A staunchly left-wing man and a member of local socialist parties, they strongly believed in workers' rights and campaigned for shorter working hours and more time for leisure activities, which included football, a passion of his.
Humble met several other football fanatics, such as David Danskin, Fred Beardsley and Morris Bates at the Royal Arsenal and in 1886 became one of the founding members of Dial Square Football Club, who were soon renamed Royal Arsenal, and would eventually become the club known today as Arsenal. Royal Arsenal soon became one of the strongest amateur sides in Southern England. Humble played for Royal Arsenal during 1887-88 and 1888–89, mainly as a full-back or half-back.
Humble's biggest contribution to Arsenal was their successful drive to turn the club professional. In 1891 Derby County tried to recruit two of Royal Arsenal's players after an FA Cup match between the clubs; Humble and Danskin realised that the club would be unable to survive if its players were being continually tempted away. Therefore, at the club's 1891 AGM, Humble proposed the club turn professional; however with their socialist views, they baulked at turning the club into a limited liability company at the same time, declaring: "The club [has been] carried on by working men and it is my ambition to see it carried on by them."
The rest of the London footballing world, dominated by an ethos of amateurism, quickly shunned Woolwich Arsenal (as the club had been renamed); they were expelled from the London Football Association. Boycotted by other sides, Arsenal could well have gone bankrupt, but in 1893 Humble's decision was vindicated as they were invited to join the Football League, making them the first southern club to become a League member. By this time Humble had become a full director of the club, having reluctantly accepted the club's need to become a commercial company in 1893.
Humble would remain a director of the club for over thirty years, during which time they moved to Arsenal Stadium in Highbury, north London and became known simple as "Arsenal". They continued to work at the Royal Arsenal as a gun inspector, and spent World War I seconded in Sheffield and then Norway.
They were the last original founding member to have a formal connection with Arsenal, and over time became the club's unofficial historian by virtue of being there longer than anyone else. In 1929, however, they were forced to resign from the Arsenal board in the same financial scandal which brought down chairperson Sir Henry Norris; Norris had used the club's expenses account for their own use, and had personally profited from the sale of the team bus. Although Humble themselves was entirely innocent of any charges, the Football Association ruled that as a director they should have scrutinised Norris's financial dealings more closely, and suspended them from football.
Humble was still alive to witness Arsenal's FA Cup win of 1930. They died in December 1931, aged 69.
References
1862 births
1931 deaths
Arsenal F.C. directors and chairpeople
Ločevci is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 90 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Arthrobacter luteolus is a bacterium species from the genus Arthrobacter which has been isolated from a human surgical wound in Belgium.
Arthrobacter luteolus occurs in human clinical specimens.
References
Further reading
External links
Type strain of Arthrobacter luteolus at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Bacteria described in 2000
Psychrophiles
Micrococcaceae
Sycacantha ngoclinhana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 18.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale brownish sprinkled and suffused with brown. The posterior costal area is tinged pink. The hindwings are pale greyish brown.
Etymology
The name refers to the type locality.
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Sycacantha
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Ordabasy (, ) is a district of Turkistan Region in southern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Temirlan. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Turkistan Region
The 2021 World Pool Championship was a pool tournament that took place between June 6 to 10, 2021 in the Marshall Arena in Milton Keynes, England. Following the 2021 Championship League Pool and the 2021 World Cup of Pool it was the third event of the season to be held in Milton Keynes.
The reigning champion was Russian player Fedor Gorst, who defeated Chang Jung-Lin 13–11 in the 2019 final. This year, they lost in the round of 64 to Skyler Woodward 8–11.
Format
The event was entered by 128 participants who were initially divided into 16 groups of 8 players, in which they competed against each other from June 6 to 7 in a double elimination tournament. Four players in each group qualified for the final round, which was played from June 8 to 10. The event was played under "winners break" format.
The early rounds were held behind closed doors, but fans were allowed for the final day.
Prize money
The event saw a total prize pool of $250,000, an increase of $100,000 from the previous edition. The winner's share was increased from $30,000 to $50,000.
Results
The draw was made during the 2021 World Pool Masters. The results are shown below, with bold denoting match winners.
Group A
Group B
Group C
Group D
Group E
Group F
Group G
Group H
Group I
Group J
Group K
Group L
Group M
Group N
Group O
Group P
Finals
Grand Final
The final was played between Austrian Albin Ouschan and Kuwaiti Omar Al-Shaheen, with the winner breaks format. Albin Ouschan won the match 13–9 and won the 9-ball world championship for the second time.
Broadcasting
All groups of the tournament were available worldwide via the following broadcasters:
References
External links
at azbilliards.com
at matchroompool.com
2021
WPA World Nine-ball Championship
2021 in English sport
World Nine-ball
Sport in Milton Keynes
"Ego" is a song by Argentine singer Lali from their second studio album Soy (2016). The song was written by Tim Larsson and its producers Gavin Jones, Tobias Lundgren and Johan Fransson. Espósito co-wrote the Spanish version of the song with Gustavo Novello, Pablo Akselrad and Luis Burgio. The song was released as the album's third single and as Lali's debut single in the United States and Puerto Rico.
Commercially, the song peaked at number 4 on the Monitor Latino Argentine National Songs chart and at number 15 on the Argentine Latin Airplay chart. Its music video received the award for Video of the Year at the 2017 MTV Millennial Awards.
Background and composition
"Ego" was originally written by Tim Larsson and its producers Gavin Jones, Tobias Lundgren and Johan Fransson. The Spanish version was in charge of Espósito, Gustavo Novello, Pablo Akselrad and Luis Burgio. In an interview with Billboard Argentina, the singer stated: "it means a lot to me to be able to talk about other people's ego and oneself's; how does that affect our way of living, how it turns into an attack".
Release
The song was released as the album's third single, being first released to digital download on May 20, 2016 along with the release of the album, and later serviced to contemporary hit radio in December 2016. In March 2017, Lali travelled to San Juan, Puerto Rico and Miami, Florida in order to promote the single, which eventually became their debut single in those territories.
Critical reception
While reviewing the album Soy, Santiago Torres from Billboard Argentina described the song as "a ballad with thoughtful, complex and orchestral arrangements" and also praised Espósito's "outstanding vocal performance". Belén Fourment from El País compared the song the previous promotional single "Unico", saying: "they are not directly compatible compositions, but both songs clearly reflect the life moments of a girl who still encourages writing from a more intimate place".
Commercial performance
"Ego" debuted on the Monitor Latino Argentine songs chart at number 15 and later peaked at number 4. It marked Espósito's second entry and highest-charting song on the chart, after the previous top 5 single, "Soy". Additionally, the song peaked at number 15 on the Argentina Latin Airplay chart, also provided by Monitor Latino. On March 9, 2017, the song was the 50th more played song of the US Tropical Latin radio format.
Music video
Directed by Juan Ripari, the music video made its premiere on December 14, 2016 at dawning on Vevo. The video broke the Argentine Vevo Record by achieving over 500 thousands views within a 24-hour span, and won an award at the 2017 MTV Millennial Awards in the category for Video of the Year.
Synopsis
The video was described as "an overcoming story". It was shot in Villa La Angostura, Argentina in early November. Espósito can be seen in a forest, running away from arrows that fall from the sky. However, towards the end of the video, they find a bridge that carries them to some better place. In this way, the singer transforms the pain into learning, added to the metaphor of the change of clothes and the fact of crossing the bridge. The video ends with a message from Lali that says "Although the world agonizes for pride, greed and ego, there's always a bridge to where love, truth and light reign. Crossing it is for the brave sentimental only."
Live performances
Espósito performed their first televised performance of "Ego" on Susana Giménez. On June 6, 2017, Espósito performed the song at the 19th Annual Gardel Awards, prior to "Boomerang" and "Soy". In Clarín.com, the performance was compared to previous ones by Madonna, Jennifer Lopez and Britney Spears, writing: "[Lali] surprised everyone with their outstanding figure, their live choreographies and their imprint at the moment of hitting one of the most important stages of the Corrientes Avenue. "Ego" is also part of the setlist for their worldwide tour, Soy Tour.
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Soys liner notes.
Recording and management
Recorded at La Urraca, Tónica Estudios and 3música Estudios (Buenos Aires, Argentina)
Mixed at Earcandy Studios (Orlando, Florida) and The Hit Factory Criteria (Miami, Florida)
Published by Gavin Jones Music — administered by UMPG — Warner Chappell Scandinavia, 3musica, Warner/Chappell Publishing
Mastered at Sterling Sound (New York City, New York)
Personnel
Lali – lead vocals, songwriting
Tim Larsson – songwriting, production, programming, percussion, engineering
Johan Fransson – songwriting, production, strings, engineering
Tobías Lundgren – songwriting, production, vocal editing, engineering
Gavin Jones – songwriting, production
Pablo Akselrad – songwriting
Luis Burgio – songwriting
Nano Novello – songwriting
Antonella Giunta – background vocals
Josefina Silveyra – background vocals
Roberto "Tito" Vázquez – mixing engineering
Chris Gehringer – mastering
Javier Caso – A&R
Pablo Durand – A&R director
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
Lali Espósito songs
Sony Music singles
Pop ballads
Torch songs
2010s ballads
Songs written by Gustavo Novello
Songs written by Tobias Lundgren
Songs written by Johan Fransson (songwriter)
Songs written by Pablo Akselrad
Songs written by Lali Espósito
Songs written by Tim Larsson
Starling is a messaging server that enables reliable distributed queuing with a minimal overhead. The code for Starling was originally developed inside social media firm Twitter and released as open source in 2008. The program was originally developed by Blaine Cook, now the former lead developer for Twitter.
It speaks the Memcached protocol for maximum cross-platform compatibility. Any language that speaks Memcached can take advantage of Starling's queue facilities. Starling has been written in Ruby.
References
External links
Starling project on github
Message-oriented middleware
Twitter services and applications
Chocolat Frey AG, commonly Frey, based in Buchs in the Swiss Canton of Aargau, manufactures chocolate and chewing gum. The products of the leading chocolate manufacturer on the Swiss chocolate market are sold both in Switzerland and abroad under the brand name of Frey as well as additional private labels. The company, founded in 1887, is a business enterprise of the M-Industry and has been a part of the Migros Group since 1950.
Frey is both renowned for its original products and for its imitations of other well-known products, notably the Branche, Toblerone and Ragusa bars.
History
Establishment
Frey was founded in 1887 by the brothers Robert (31 December 1861 – 3 March 1940) and Max Frey (9 March 1863 – 17 December 1933). Both had already gained experience with the manufacture of chocolate before establishing the family business. After their training as a commercial employee with the company S.A. de la Fabrique des Chocolats Amédée Kohler et fils in Paris, Robert dealt with machines for the manufacture of chocolate in the engineering works Riccard & Greiss. Max completed their commercial apprenticeship with the company Cramer-Frey in Zurich, for which they were eventually also active in Brazil. On 17 December 1887, they founded the general partnership R. & M. Frey in Aarau.
The development of the conche in 1879 advanced the industrial production of chocolate greatly. Robert was already familiar with this technique and they were able to integrate it in their company. Furthermore, from the very beginning production was carried out by electric machines.
First half of the 20th century
In 1906 the firm decided to become a public company. From then on they manufactured chocolate bars and chocolate powder, but also soups and tonics. However, the latter were removed from the range of products later to focus on the manufacture of chocolate.
During the First World War the company benefited from Switzerland's neutral position. Open customs facilitated the export of chocolate. However, the procurement of raw materials such as cocoa proved to be much more difficult. As a result of good sales prices abroad, business interruptions could be prevented. Through export, turnover could even be almost doubled, from 882,000 Swiss francs (CHF) (1916) to CHF 1,465,000 (1918). Back then the chocolate was available in Germany, France and Sweden, and later on also in England.
With the end of the war exports slumped severely. Germany and France were too preoccupied with the reconstruction and were no longer trading partners, leaving only England. This forced the company to downgrade sales to the domestic market.
At the beginning of the 1920s, the company teetered on the brink of collapse. Production stood still for days at a time. It was not until the economy recovered around the mid-1920s, that the board of directors took heart to develop the foreign market again. However, this attempt failed due to the global economic crisis.
During these years Robert Frey junior (born February 18, 1901) gradually took over the company management. Their father had already familiarised them with the company early on. This way they were able to ensure that the public company remained family-owned.
In 1932 Robert Frey senior retired from the Board of Directors. Only one year later their brother Max Frey died aged 70.
The company also had a tough struggle during the Second World War. Foreign trade was complicated by the war. New import regulations for cocoa and sugar limited the Swiss chocolate market a great deal. Furthermore, many employees as well as executives were called up for military service, so that the company lacked sufficient personnel to advance. Although demand increased slightly after the end of the war, it could not be met due to the lack of manpower.
Thanks to the distinctive economic upswing at the end of the Second World War, the company's situation improved. In 1946 for the first time the Board of Directors came up with the idea of looking around for partners. Four years later Migros took over the company. Frey is the oldest acquired company of Migros. Initially the alliance appeared to be debatable, as until then Migros owned its own chocolate factory with Jonatal AG. However, for Frey the signing of the agreement was an important decision. Although the chocolate factory had to adopt the new owner's terms and conditions, the company management remained in the hands of Robert Frey junior. In addition, the company's development was promoted.
Second half of the 20th century
In 1963 the construction of the present headquarters began and the plant was relocated from Aarau to Buchs in the Canton of Aargau. At the same time the entire chocolate, confectionery and sweets manufacture, which Migros had operated until then, was centralised in one location. With this, the company mutated into a modern and successful industrial firm.
Since 1974, as the only Swiss manufacturer it has also produced chewing gum, which today accounts for around 10% of Frey's total annual turnover.
In the 1980s two-figure increases in turnover filled the business accounting ledgers. In 1985 the company's turnover exceeded the CHF 200 million threshold for the first time and the firm soon took over leadership on the domestic chocolate market. These good preconditions facilitated investments. Various structural and quality-related changes were implemented and the issue of environmental protection gained in importance.
In line with this the company has been procuring district heating from the nearby refuse incineration plant since 1984. Since then the company has managed virtually without heating oil. In addition, the plant was upgraded with a new SBB (Swiss Railways) rail connection. The 1980s were of great importance for international trade as well. For the first time since the Second World War foreign trade was re-established. The United Kingdom, the USA, Denmark, Austria and Japan, later also France and South East Asia, imported the chocolate of Frey. However, for the time being export remained a modest secondary business. During the 1990s, the international trade was expanded and professionalised. In 1997 the company launched its new project ‘Chocolat Frey goes international', with the aim of export contributing to Frey's profitability in the long term. A key account management system was introduced for key customer liaison and support.
21st century
International trade with private labels continued to be expanded after the start of the 21st century. The Netherlands, Scandinavia, Canada and Germany were new additions. The foreign market became the company's most important growth factor. Since 2007 in addition to the private labels, the brand Frey has been offered again internationally, both in the travel retail business, i.e. in duty-free shops at airports and through sales in collaboration with international trade partners worldwide. In 2008 the two companies Frey and Delica, both specialised in ‘indulgence' foods, closed ranks. In order to strengthen the international market position and to utilise synergies to their best potential, it stood to reason to place both companies under one overall direction – a position held by the CEO of Frey. Nonetheless, Delica AG will remain a corporate body, as do the two sites of Buchs and Birsfelden. Today the company achieves more than one third of its total turnover abroad. The products are sold in over 50 nations on all five continents. More than 42,000 tons of chocolate, confectionery products, semi-finished products and chewing gum leave the production facilities in Buchs annually. On the domestic market the company is the number 1 among Swiss chocolate manufacturers with a 34,9% market share (according to Chocosuisse 2013).
Chewing gum also accounts for part of the total turnover as around 10% are achieved in the chewing gum segment, around 2/3 of this with private labels in the international business.
In 2012 Frey celebrated its 125th anniversary.
Frey opened its new visitor center in Buchs at Easter 2014. In the same year, Frey acquired North American SweetWorks Confections and its manufacturing facilities in Buffalo and Toronto.
Company
Headquarters
In 1967 the manufacturing base of Frey relocated from Aarau to the newly built factory in Buchs in the Canton of Aargau. To date Buchs is the only manufacturing base for chocolate and chewing gum. However, the area was continually developed and extended. Today it comprises several buildings on an area totalling around 70,000 m², for storing and processing cocoa and manufacturing chocolate and chewing gum. In addition (on a further lot of approx. 10,000 m²), the company has its own railway connection to the SBB (Swiss Railways) for the supply of raw materials and delivery of semi-finished and finished products.
Key figures
More than 500,000 bars of chocolate leave the production premises in Buchs/Aargau daily. Annualised, this means more than 41,000 tons spread over 2,400 different products. In addition to chocolate and pralines, Frey's core products, the company manufactures semi-finished products (couvertures, chocolate and cocoa powders and liquors, fillings etc.) for further processing in industry and trade, chewing gum under the brands Skai and Candida as well as private labels. With a market share of approximately 35% (according to Chocosuisse, 2015), Frey is the leading chocolate manufacturer on the Swiss market. The company employs more than 1000 members of staff and in 2015 achieved a gross turnover of CHF 396 million.
Certifications
Frey is certified in accordance with:
ISO 9001
ISO 14001
FSSC 22000 (Food Safety System Certification)
IFS (International Food Standard)
Logo
With the unicorn's head the company logo of Frey includes an element of the family crest of the brothers Max and Robert Frey. As the family name of ‘Frey' was used as a brand name as well, it was also integrated into the logo. In addition, the company's traditional character of chocolate manufacturing is established through the time reference of ‘CHOCOLAT SUISSE DEPUIS 1887' (‘SWISS CHOCOLATE SINCE 1887'), which is displayed below the family name against a red background.
Sustainability
Frey bases its understanding of sustainability on the three-pillar model. Sustainable development can only be achieved by considering economic, social and ecological criteria in equal measure and along the entire value chain. Since 2011 Frey has acquired cocoa beans through the program of UTZ Certified, ensuring the compliance with social minimum standards and better wages for the cocoa farmers. Thanks to the utilisation of district heating instead of crude oil, respective structural measures, raising awareness and training of personnel as well as consistent controlling, energy consumption could be decreased by almost a quarter over the past few years, thus lowering the emission of CO2 significantly. In line with this, Frey was awarded ‘CO2-reduced company' certification by the commercial environment agency for its voluntary endeavours in favour of climate protection. As a logical consequence, the company was awarded environmental certification according to ISO 14001 in 2008.
Commitment
With its commitment to the SOS Children's Village in Ghana, Frey supports orphaned and abandoned children. In 2007 the company financed the construction of one of currently twelve family houses in the SOS Children's Village Asiakwa, Ghana, and since then has secured the annual running costs of this house. It was put into operation in April 2008 and currently provides 10 children with a family environment with a ‘mother' as a caregiver.
See also
List of bean-to-bar chocolate manufacturers
References
External links
Brand name chocolate
Swiss chocolate companies
Swiss companies established in 1887
Food and drink companies established in 1887
Swiss brands
The Senegalese Patriotic Rally/Jammi Rewmi (Rassemblement patriotique sénégalais) is a political party in Senegal.
At the legislative elections of 3 June 2007, the party won 0.40% of the popular vote and none of the 150 seats.
References
Political parties in Senegal
Albert Watson (1 June 1918 – 22 October 2009) was a professional footballer, who played for Huddersfield Town and Oldham Athletic. They were born in Bolton on Dearne, near Barnsley, Yorkshire. For many years they had a sports shop in Sunderland trading as Willie Watson Sports, and they died in Sunderland in 2009.
References
External links
Albert Watson's obituary
1918 births
2009 deaths
English footballers
People from Bolton upon Dearne
Association football wing halves
English Football League players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Footballers from Yorkshire
The Côte Sauvage [English: Wild Coast], is in the Charente-Maritime department on the Atlantic coast of France. The Côte Sauvage starts near La Palmyre, north of Royan, and stretches north-west around the point La Tremblade. L'île d'Oléron, France's second-largest island (after Corsica), is just off the Côte Sauvage.
References
Côte Sauvage on the Atlantic Coast, Charente-Maritime Accessed July 2010
Landforms of Charente-Maritime
Sauvage, Charente Maritime
Twisted Pair is a 2018 American science fiction psychological thriller film directed, produced, scored, edited, and written by Neil Breen. The film stars Neil Breen, Sara Meritt, Siohbun Ebrahimi, Denise Bellini, Marty Dasis, Brad Stein, John Smith Burns, Art MacHenster, Greg Smith Burns, Ada Masters, and Jason Moriglio. The film centers around identical twin brothers, Cade and Cale Altair, who become hybrid Artificial Intelligence entities, who are torn in different directions to achieve justice for humanity.
Twisted Pair was theatrically released in the United States on October 3, 2018, by Neil Breen Films, LLC.
Plot
During their youth, Cade and their identical twin brother Cale were abducted by an unknown power and modified to become Humanoids, secret agents who are out to stop evil. Cale didn't fit in with the program and was fired. Cade, as an adult, is introduced on a mission where they are protecting troops. They return to headquarters and meets with their boss, who suggests that they take a vacation. Cade laments not having seen their brother since before they became a Humanoid.
Cale meets with a lawyer, an executive and the President of The Bank and interrogates them for a while before they shoot one of them in the leg and leaves to do pills with their girlfriend Donna. Cade's boss tells them about programmable virtual reality and how a man named Cuzzx is going to use it to conduct the biggest cyber and terror attack ever. Cade decides to investigate, but while investigating around town they bump into Alana. They offer to buy them a drink to apologize, but they say she's very busy and leaves. Cade attempts to make a date with the woman, before they depart. They don't come back but later they see them and decides to follow their home. Cade breaks into their house and they fight, before they abruptly stop fighting, revealing that they'd been in a relationship the whole time.
Cade breaks into a Cuzzx lab to find clues for their mission. Cade finds four guys wearing VR goggles who are in some kind of trance, and in the next room, a very old person dressed like Cuzzx meeting with people. The men disappear, due to the programmable virtual reality and Cade reports back to their boss. Cade takes Alana, their girlfriend, out to dinner, and a mysterious man stabs Cade's homeless friend, taking their cell phone. Meanwhile, Cale tracks down and murders a rich executive, but the police find no evidence because Cale picked up the shell casings. They did, however, drop a syringe. Cade pretends to be a rich investor who wants to give money to the Cuzzx Empire, which gets them a tour of Cuzzx' house. Donna, Cale's pillhead girlfriend, breaks up with them and then runs into Cade, demanding to know where they can get more drugs and why they shaved their beard. Cade responds by going "I never had a beard" repeatedly. They give the girl some money to find a place to stay and they hug. Alana sees and gets jealous.
Cade then decides to take down the Cuzzx Empire and goes into the boiler room to enact their plan. After their empire is destroyed, Cuzzx flees the country. Cade goes home and Alana pulls a gun on him, as they were working for Cuzzx the whole time. They shoot each other, and Alana dies in their arms. In the virtual reality forest, Cade and Alana reunite, they embrace and Alana tells them they love him, and then disappears. The film ends with Cade addressing the audience, accepting the loss of Alana, and stating that humanity will eventually live in a virtual universe. Before the credits, the message "Cade Altair will return" appears onscreen.
Cast
Production
Filming
Principal photography began on September 2, 2017, at Nevada State College, with John Mastrogiacomo serving as cinematographer. In April 2018, during post-production on Twisted Pair, Breen released a trailer for the film.
Release
Twisted Pair was theatrically released in the United States on October 3, 2018 and in the United Kingdom on February 9, 2019, by Neil Breen Films, LLC.
Reception
/Film gave a review of the trailer with "Breen shows up playing a pair of identical twins standing in front of what looks like a screensaver. Things just get better/weirder from there, and we're treated to one of the worst (best?) fake beards in history. Watching this trailer, you start to think that maybe this is a very elaborate joke, and Breen is just messing with us. But I assure you, Breen is serious, and that makes it even better."
Twisted Pair has received negative reviews by several critics. Leor Galil of the Chicago Reader gave a negative review by stating "Twisted Pair doesn't make much sense, it drags in parts, and it sometimes resembles the ramblings of a tinfoil-hatted conspiracy theorist. But, somehow, Breen unexpectedly emerges with flecks of gold, little moments that have stubbornly attached themselves to my memory". Gena Radcliffe of The Spool also gave a negative review by stating "The deeply strange Neil Breen returns with an even more deeply strange entry in their filmography of homespun, barely-coherent psychological thrillers." They elaborated by stating "What little plot exists is incoherent... Breen themselves doesn't understand what's happening in their own movie, or, at least, what kind of movie they want it to be. They drop phrases like "artificial intelligence" and "programmable virtual reality," and they don't have any meaning or bearing on the plot. Though they describe Twisted Pair in publicity material as a "psychological thriller," it is most definitely not that. What it does have are some elements of science fiction, a murder mystery, espionage, romance, and even a touch of domestic drama, but none of it is cohesive, and none of it goes anywhere. They're all their own little mini-plots, like Short Cuts if it was made by an alien who only had a rudimentary grasp of English." They mention a positive element of the film with "There's a seed of something interesting planted here – the villain looks like a dollar store Elvis Costello, carries a bowl of diamonds around, and talks like their voice is being disguised on an episode of Dateline NBC. Unfortunately, time that could have been spent developing this character, or at least explaining who they are and what motivates them (and why their scarf keeps changing colors), is wasted on long scenes of Breen indifferently creeping around in an empty laboratory."
Grady Bolding of Cultured Vultures gave a negative review by stating "It has its moments of hilarity which kill any boredom that might ensue, but otherwise, it's a raging fire that cannot be put out." Bolding describes the positive elements of the film with "The only strength with Neil Breen's film is quite similar to what the great Tommy Wiseau did with The Room. While The Room can be seen as an unintentional takedown of the superficiality of Hollywood drama films, Breen's film(s) provide an antithesis to the overly-hyped mercenary-for-hire/vigilante agent films seen today in American theaters. American culture has always championed the idea of a lone warrior setting out to right the wrongs of society, if not the world. Twisted Pair efficiently reflects this part of American culture, but provides unintentional satire. The All-American hero is a noticeably aged Neil Breen who either makes their enemies think about their actions or makes them pay for it.  They are not a stocky, barrel-chested figure like Matt Damon or Chuck Norris. He's so aged and withered that it makes them 100% average." Bolding summarizes Breen's work by stating that "any audience can – and will – laugh at Neil Breen's mediocrity, but they will easily be able to project themselves into what he's trying to accomplish. Breen fails across the board, but they give us something worth laughing at and enjoying. In this respect, Breen accomplishes their mission when it comes to the most basic tenant [sic] of producing a film: providing entertainment."
Diego Olguín of The Charlatan also gave a negative review by stating "The surreal editing makes the film almost incomprehensible; the soundtrack is pretty much stock trailer music; the special effects look straight out of some mid 1990s straight-to-VHS movie; and the script is full of nonsensical dialogue, amplified by the cast's wooden deliveries. However, no film must reach perfection in order to be enjoyable, and this is a clear example of this." Olguín continues by discussing some of the positives of the film, "While Twisted Pair fails in every level in being an action film with social commentary, it does succeed as an unintentional comedy. While the CGI looks cheap and fake, that only adds to the fun during scenes where explosions awkwardly fill a classroom. Breen's acting capabilities rival Tommy Wiseau's in how weird and inhuman they are. Watching them trying their best to emote sadness as they try to persuade their brother (which is Breen with a cheap beard and a hoodie) to turn themselves in to the cops is something to be witnessed—preferably with a few friends and some drinks. There is also a sense of honest effort on the film, crappiness aside. You can feel that Breen tried their best to deliver a legitimately good movie, like a modern-day Ed Wood—famous only for people roasting their past films, but still not giving up."
Sequel
On March 11, 2019, Breen confirmed that a sequel was in development.
References
External links
2010s science fiction thriller films
2010s spy thriller films
2018 films
2018 psychological thriller films
American independent films
American psychological thriller films
American science fiction thriller films
American spy thriller films
Films about artificial intelligence
Films about heroin addiction
Films about mass surveillance
Films about security and surveillance
Films about twin brothers
Films about virtual reality
Films set in universities and colleges
Films shot in Nevada
Films shot in the Las Vegas Valley
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Brandon James Crombeen (born July 10, 1985) is an American-born Canadian former professional ice hockey right winger who last played for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League (NHL). They have also played in the NHL for the Dallas Stars, St. Louis Blues and Tampa Bay Lightning, drafted by the former in the second round, 54th overall, in 2003.
Playing career
Junior
Crombeen started their junior hockey career with the OPJHL's Newmarket Hurricane 87's in the 2000–01 season. They then spent four seasons with the Ontario Hockey League (OHL)'s Barrie Colts. They had 170 points in 248 regular season games and 21 points in 44 playoff games for Barrie, also recording over 100 penalty minutes in each season.
Professional
Crombeen was drafted by the Dallas Stars in the second round, 54th overall, of the 2003 NHL Entry Draft. In July 2005, they signed a three-year, entry-level contract with the Stars. They split the 2005–06 season with the American Hockey League (AHL)'s Iowa Stars and the ECHL's Idaho Steelheads, totaling 20 points in 60 regular season games. In August 2006, they signed with Ässät of SM-liiga. In 55 games, they had 22 points and 152 penalty minutes. They also played 13 regular season games and 22 playoff games for Idaho in 2006–07 and helped the team win the ECHL championship.
Crombeen spent most of the 2007–08 season with the Iowa Stars, but was later recalled to the Dallas Stars in January and made their NHL debut. They played eight regular season games and five Stanley Cup playoff games for Dallas. In July 2008, they re-signed with the team as a restricted free agent. Crombeen played 15 games for Dallas early in the season, but in November, they were claimed off waivers by the St. Louis Blues. They finished the 2008–09 season with St. Louis, playing in 66 games and scoring 17 points.
Crombeen re-signed with the Blues as a restricted free agent in July 2009. During the 2009–10 season, they played in 79 games. They had 15 points and a career-high 168 penalty minutes. In 2010–11, they played in 80 games, totaling 14 points and 154 penalty minutes. They led the team in penalty minutes that season.
In June 2011, Crombeen signed a two-year contract extension with St. Louis. They suffered a broken left shoulder blade, however, in the Blues' final pre-season game in October. They finished the season with three points and 71 penalty minutes in 40 games. After the first year of their extension, St. Louis traded Crombeen and a fifth-round draft pick in 2014 to the Tampa Bay Lightning in exchange for fourth-round picks in both 2013 and 2014.
Due to the 2012–13 NHL lockout, Crombeen signed a contract with the Orlando Solar Bears of the ECHL on November 16, 2012. They played 44 games for the Lightning that season, totaling eight points and 112 penalty minutes. On March 5, 2013, Crombeen scored their first goal as a member of the Lightning in a 5–2 victory over the New Jersey Devils. On April 1, 2013, Tampa Bay announced the re-signing of Crombeen to a two-year contract extension. They skated 30 games that season, recording a goal and seven points to go along with 86 penalty minutes and a +6 plus-minus rating. Crombeen finished first on the Lightning and fifth in the NHL in penalty minutes accumulated for the 2012–13 season.
On June 29, 2014, the Arizona Coyotes acquired Crombeen and Sam Gagner from the Lightning in exchange for a sixth-round pick in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft. On October 28, 2014, Crombeen scored their first goal as a member of the Coyotes in a 7–3 loss to Tampa Bay. On November 14, Crombeen played in their 400th career NHL game in Arizona's 5–0 shutout victory over the Vancouver Canucks.
Crombeen retired in 2015 and took up a career in finance.
Personal life
Despite being born in Denver, Colorado, Crombeen was raised in Bright's Grove, Ontario.
Crombeen was diagnosed at the age of nine with type 1 diabetes, one of the few athletes in professional sports with the condition. Their father, Mike Crombeen, played five seasons for the Barons, Blues, and Whalers from 1977 to 1985.
Career statistics
References
External links
1985 births
American emigrants to Canada
American men's ice hockey right wingers
Arizona Coyotes players
Ässät players
Barrie Colts players
Canadian ice hockey right wingers
Dallas Stars draft picks
Ice hockey players from Denver
Idaho Steelheads (ECHL) players
Iowa Stars players
Living people
Orlando Solar Bears (ECHL) players
People with type 1 diabetes
St. Louis Blues players
Tampa Bay Lightning players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Finland
The nineteenth European Masters Athletics Championships were held in Izmir, Turkey, from August 22–31, 2014. The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age, referred to as masters athletics.
Results
100 metres
200 metres
400 metres
800 metres
1500 metres
5000 metres
10000 metres
80 metres hurdles
200 metres hurdles
2000 metres steeplechase
4x100 metres relay
Marathon
High jump
Pole vault
Long jump
Triple jump
Shot put
Discus throw
Hammer throw
Javelin throw
Weight throw
Throws pentathlon
Decathlon
5000 metre track race walks
20000 metre road race walks
References
2014 European Masters Athletics Championships
The Tapti River (or Tapi) is a river in central India located to the south of the Narmada river that flows westwards before draining into the Arabian Sea. The river has a length of around and flows through the states of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. It flows through Surat, and is crossed by the Magdalla, ONGC Bridge.
On 7 August 1968, before the construction of the Ukai Dam to bring its waters under control and provide hydroelectric power, the Tapti River overflowed its banks during heavy rains during the monsoon season. More than 1,000 people drowned in the flood, and the city of Surat was submerged beneath 10 feet of water for several days. After the floodwaters receded, at least 1,000 more people died in Gujarat during a cholera epidemic from the contamination of the drinking water. Its basin covers the parts of Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Maharashtra.
Course
The Tapti River rises in Multai, in Madhya Pradesh, and has a total length of around . It is the second largest west flowing river in India, after the Narmada River. The Tapti travels east to west and flows though the Indian states of Maharashtra, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. It drains into the Gulf of Khambhat, in the Arabian Sea, in Gujarat. The Tapti River has 14 major tributaries, four are right bank and ten are left bank tributaries. The right bank tributaries originate in the Satpura ranges and include Vaki, Aner, Arunawati, and Gomai. The left bank tributaries include Nesu, Amravati, Buray, Panjhara, Bori, Girna, Waghur, Purna, Mona, and Sipna. They originate in the Gawilgarh hills, Ajanta hills, the Western Ghats, and Satmalas.
Etymology
The river is supposedly named after the goddess Tapati, the daughter of Surya, the Sun god and Chhaya. Tapati is the sister of Shani, Bhadra, Yamuna and Yama.
See also
Gulf of Khambhat
References
External links
Rivers of Maharashtra
Rivers of Madhya Pradesh
Rivers of Gujarat
Gulf of Khambhat
Rivers of India
Geography of Surat
Walter "Wal" Hannington (1896–1966) was a founding member of the Communist Party of Great Britain and National Organiser of the National Unemployed Workers' Movement, from its formation in 1921 to its end in 1939, when they became National Organiser of the Amalgamated Engineering Union.
Biography
Early years
Walter Hannington, best known by their nickname "Wal," was born on 17 June 1896 in Camden Town, London. Their father was a bricklayer with a large family. They themselves was apprenticed to a toolmaker at 14 and joined the Toolmakers' Society during the First World War. They married their wife Winnie in 1917. They joined the British Socialist Party during this period and became a member of the Amalgamated Toolmakers' London committee. They went over to the Amalgamated Engineering Union in the 1920 merger.
Political career
In 1920 Hannington became a founding member of the Communist Party of Great Britain. From the time of its formation in 1921 until its dissolution in 1939 Hannington was the head of the National Unemployed Workers' Movement, an offshoot of the CPGB.
Hannington was a delegate to the founding conference of the National Minority Movement (NMM) in August 1924. The National Minority Movement, headed by Harry Pollitt, was a pressure group formed by the CPGB to work within the established trade union movement. With only one or two exceptions, the members of the Executive Committee of the NMM were members of the Communist Party. Wal Hannington was one of the inner circle of the executive which controlled the organization, working as a full-time leader of the section dedicated to the metalworkers.
In 1925 Hannington was one of 12 members of the Communist Party convicted at the Old Bailey under the Incitement to Mutiny Act 1797 and one of the five defendants sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment.
In 1936 they wrote a book about their experiences as leader of the NUWM, Unemployed Struggles 1919–1936: My Life and Struggles Amongst the Unemployed. They include accounts of their numerous prison terms, and claims that the government had them and other members of the NUWM under surveillance.
In 1937 their book The Problem of the Distressed Areas was published by Victor Gollancz with a preface by Professor Harold Laski.
In 1939 Hannington became National Organiser of the Amalgamated Engineering Union.
Death and legacy
Wal Hannington died on 17 November 1966 at the age of 70.
Footnotes
Publications by Wal Hannington
The Insurgents in London: A Brief History of the Great National Hunger March of the Unemployed on London ... October 17th, 1922 ... until the End of February, 1923 ... under the Auspices of the National Unemployed Workers Committee Movement. n.c. [London]: n.p. [National Unemployed Workers' Committee Movement], n.d. [1923].
What's Wrong in the Engineering Industry: Being an Analysis of the Present State of Industry and of the Unions, and an Answer to the Question: Can the Demands of the Unions Be Met?" Introduction by Harry Pollitt. London: National Minority Movement, n.d. [c. 1927].
The March of the Miners: How We Smashed the Opposition. London: National Unemployed Workers' Committee Movement, 1927.
Our March Against the Starvation Government. London: National Unemployed Workers' Committee Movement, 1928.
The Story of the National Hunger March. London: National Unemployed Workers' Committee Movement, n.d. [1929].
Our Case for the Unemployed Charter: Contains Also a Report on How the Labour Government Used Police Against Our Deputation. London: National Unemployed Workers' Movement, n.d. [1929].
How to Get Unemployment Benefit: A Practical Guide for Unemployed Workers. With E. Lewellyn. London: National Unemployed Workers' Committee Movement, n.d. [c. 1930].
Crimes Against the Unemployed: An Exposure of the TUC Scab Scheme and the Crimes Committed Against the Unemployed by the TUC General Council. London: National Unemployed Workers' Movement, n.d. [c. 1933].
The New Unemployment Bill: What it Means. London: National Unemployed Workers' Movement, n.d. [c. 1933].
An Exposure of the Unemployed Social Service Schemes. London: National Unemployed Workers' Movement, n.d. [1934].
Work for Wages, Not Slave Camps: Positive Proposals for Reducing Unemployment. London: National Unemployed Workers' Movement, n.d. [c. 1934].
Unemployed Struggles, 1919–1936: My Life and Struggles Amongst the Unemployed. London: Lawrence and Wishart, n.d. [1936].
The Problem of Distressed Areas. London: Victor Gollancz, 1937.
A Short History of the Unemployed. London: Victor Gollancz, 1938.
Fascist Danger and the Unemployed. London: National Unemployed Workers' Movement, 1939.
Black Coffins and the Unemployed. London: Fact, 1939.
Ten Lean Years: An Examination of the Record of the National Government in the Field of Unemployment. London: Victor Gollancz, 1940.
Industrial History in Wartime: Including a Record of the Shop Stewards' Movement. London: Lawrence and Wishart, 1941.
The Rights of Engineers. London: Victor Gollancz, 1944.
Tom Mann 1856–1941: A Short Biography. Coventry: Coventry Tom Mann Memorial Trades and Labour Hall Fund Committee, n.d. [c. 1947].
The New Hungary as We Saw It. With Jim Gardner. London: Hungarian News and Information Service, 1949.
Never On Our Knees. London: Lawrence and Wishart, 1967.
Mr. Chairman! A Short Guide to the Conduct and Procedure of Meetings.'' London: Lawrence and Wishart, 1978.
1896 births
1966 deaths
British Socialist Party members
Communist Party of Great Britain members
British trade unionists
People from Camden Town
Place of death missing
Timothy Aloysius Smiddy (1875–1962) was an Irish academic, economist, and diplomat.  They are best known as Ireland's first Ambassador/overseas Minister, serving as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the United States of America for the Irish Free State from 1924 to 1929.
Personal life
Timothy Aloysius "Audo" Smiddy was born on 30 April 1875 in Kilbarry, County Cork, the son of William Smiddy, a wealthy merchant originally from Ballymacoda, East Cork, and Honora Mahony, of the Blarney Mahony family. They were educated at St. Finbarr's College Cork, before attending University College Cork, graduating with a B.A. (1905) and an M.A. (1907). Later they attended universities in Paris, France and Cologne, Germany. At one point, they considered the priesthood. However in 1900, they married Lillian "Muddie" O'Connell, also from Cork city. They had six children including five daughters Pearl (Binnie), Muriel, Cecil, Ita and Ethna, and a son Sarsfield.
Role in independence
A contemporary and friend of Michael Collins, the Irish revolutionary, Smiddy was appointed by Collins to be their Economic Adviser to Plenipotentiaries for the Treaty Negotiations from October to December 1921 following the War of Independence. This was at a time when Michael Collins was the Minister for Finance in the putative Republic.
Professor of Economics, UCC
Smiddy was first and foremost an academic and an economist. In the College at Cork in the newly constituted National University of Ireland, which replaced the Royal University of Ireland, Smiddy was holder of the Professorship of Economics and Commerce. They served in this post from 1903 to 1924, one of only six to have held the post since the formation of the Department of Mental and Moral Science at the College in 1849. In 1952, they were awarded the Honorary Degree of DEconSc by University College, Cork.
Minister Plenipotentiary
Smiddy was initially appointed as the Irish Free State's Representative in Washington in 1922. Following representations by the Free State's government to London and Washington, and in particular to tackle the problem of anti-Treaty propaganda, this role was officially recognised in 1924. From then until 1929, Smiddy served as Minister Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordinary to the United States of America for the Irish Free State.
Smiddy's appointment represented not only the establishment of the Irish Free State's first formal diplomatic relations with another country since secession from the UK, but also the first attempt by any British dominion or colony to appoint what would these days be regarded as an Ambassador to a third country. The appointment was also a significant development in the domestic affairs of Irish Free State, as it was "part of an overall campaign to discredit Republican attacks on the integrity of the Free State and to strengthen the new state's position by formally demonstrating its essential independence from the United Kingdom."
Later life
Smiddy also served as the Irish Free State's High Commissioner to London (1929–30) and was a member of the Tariff Commission (1930–33) and then became chairperson of the Commission on Agriculture (1939–1945). Thereafter, they served on various Boards, and was head of Combined Purchasing Section at the Department of Local Government and Public Health from 1933 to 1945. They were also Director of the Irish Central Bank.
Throughout the late 1930s and the 1940s, Smiddy advised the de Valera government on economic matters. In particular, they were instrumental in bringing about a universal child allowance. They died in 1962.
References
External links
1875 births
1962 deaths
Irish diplomats
Irish economists
High Commissioners of Ireland to the United Kingdom
People from County Cork
Alumni of University College Cork
Academics of University College Cork
Bullaun () is a village in east County Galway, Ireland. It lies 6 km northeast of Loughrea on the R350 regional road. It shares its parish with a village called New Inn.
The townland of Lakafinna, to the south of Bullaun, contains the local water scheme and an old castle. According to local folklore, an unused tunnel runs from the castle to a point close to a house in Ballyara. The river which flows through Bullaun previously contained quantities of fresh water salmon. These salmon stocks have, however, been impacted by overfishing and pollution.
The village also contains St Patrick's church, a pub called the Harbour Bar and is home to the Corcoran's Turoe stone. The home ground for the Sarsfields GAA team is in Bullaun.
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
References
Towns and villages in County Galway
trans-o-Hydroxybenzylidenepyruvate hydratase-aldolase (, 2′-hydroxybenzalpyruvate aldolase, NsaE, tHBPA hydratase-aldolase) is an enzyme with systematic name (3E)-4-(2-hydroxyphenyl)-2-oxobut-3-enoate hydro-lyase. This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
(3E)-4-(2-hydroxyphenyl)-2-oxobut-3-enoate + H2O salicylaldehyde + pyruvate
This enzyme is involved in naphthalene degradation.
References
External links
EC 4.1.2
The 18"/48 caliber Mark 1 – United States Naval Gun was the initial name and design for a large caliber naval gun in the early 1920s. After the Washington Naval Treaty prohibited the development of guns larger than , the gun was relined and finished as a high velocity 16"/56 Mark 4 gun. After the start of World War II, the gun was again relined to 18" and tested with a new Super Heavy Shell. The gun in its final form is currently displayed at the Dahlgren Naval Weapons Facility in Virginia.
Description
After World War I, the erstwhile allies were poised to start a massive and costly naval arms race, with the United Kingdom, United States, and Japan creating plans for large fleets of new battleships and battlecruisers. The 18"/48 cal Mark 1, designed in 1920, was the result of the progression to larger and more heavily armed capital ships. It was designed to fire a AP shell at a muzzle velocity of . The gun prototype was halfway completed when the Washington Naval Treaty of 1922 prohibited the development of guns larger than 16-inches. Consequently, the prototype was converted to a long barrel 16-inch gun and thus never fired in its original design configuration.
Despite the treaty, battleship studies conducted in 1927-1928 had considered this gun, but was rejected due to excessive weight, very short liner life, and poor deck penetrating capability. The gun's size and weight meant that fewer 18-inch guns could be carried than 16-inch gun on a ship of a given size, while the large size and weight of the shells also reduced rate of fire.
16"/56 caliber Mark 4
The 18"/48 cal Mark 1 was finished with an extra thick 16-inch liner, and the resulting weapon became the 16"/56 cal Mark 4. The gun was first tested at the Dahlgren proving grounds in 1927, with tests continuing into the 1930s. It fired a AP shell at muzzle velocity, with a range of at 40° elevation. The high muzzle velocity of the prototype resulted in very short liner life of only 45 rounds, with a predicted liner life of 125 full charge rounds for the service weapon. During the early stages of the design process for the , the gun was briefly considered for the main battery, but was rejected due to short liner life; the belt armor of the Montana class was also designed against the 16"/56 cal gun.
18"/47 caliber Mark A
In 1938, with Japan's refusal to sign the Second London Naval Treaty and worsening situation in Europe and Asia, battleship studies once again considered 18-inch caliber main guns. During the early design stages of a 45,000-ton "slow" battleship alternative to the "fast" battleship design that would eventually result in the , the 18"/48 cal gun option was considered in several proposals. The 16"/56 cal Mark 4 had its threaded tip cut off and was then relined to 18-inches; this weapon was then designated as the 18"/47 cal Mark A and was used to test a "Super Heavy" AP shell, which the gun fired at a nominal muzzle velocity, with a range of at 40° elevation. The highest energy shot was with a 3,848-lb projectile fired at with a maximum pressure of 19.91 tons per square inch.
Ultimately, the General Board decided that a 16"/50 cal gun offered the best combination of performance and weight, and the new 16"/50 caliber Mark 7 gun was used by the design. The preeminence of naval aviation ended further developments into large caliber naval guns.
While the 18"/47 cal Mark A was used to test the new "Super Heavy" 18-inch AP shell, if the caliber had been selected, a new lightweight 18"/48 cal Mark 2 gun would have been built. The new lightweight 18-inch gun would have fired the 3,850 lb "Super Heavy" shell at muzzle velocity, with a design similar to the contemporary 16"/50 cal Mark 7 gun rather than the 1920s technology used in the 18"/47 cal Mark A construction.
While the development of large caliber naval guns ceased after World War 2, the gun was subsequently used for the development of low-drag aerial bombs. In this role, the gun fired a total of 114 shots, with the final shot fired on 7 November 1957. With the conclusion of testing, the gun was placed on display at the Dahlgren Naval Weapons Facility in Virginia.
Construction
The built-up gun is constructed of liner, a tube, jacket, nine hoops, six locking rings, a separate yoke ring and screw box liner. The breech mechanism was a down-swinging Welin block with vertical lever operating gear. Chromium plating of the bore was considered in the 1940s but never carried out.
See also
List of naval guns
List of World War II artillery
46 cm/45 Type 94 naval gun
List of the largest cannon by caliber
References
External links
18"/48 (45.7 cm) Mark 1, 16"/56 (40.6 cm) Mark 4, 18"/47 (45.7 cm) Mark A
History of the U.S. Navy's Only 18-inch Gun
Naval guns of the United States
World War II naval weapons
400 mm artillery
460 mm artillery
Military equipment introduced in the 1920s
Blue Sox Stadium was a ballpark located in Abilene, Texas and was the home to the Abilene Blue Sox of the West Texas–New Mexico League (1946–1955) and the Big State League (1956–1957). The park was located on the northeast corner of Barrow and South 14th streets; at the present time, the site is home to the H-E-B grocery store.
The stadium opened in April 1946 to host the Blue Sox and was suitable for night play from its opening date.
Closure and demolition
Repairs were made to the stadium prior to the 1956 season, with new box seats being added along with a new infield.
However, the site of the stadium was purchased and petitioned for re-zoning for the end of the 1957 baseball season. The stadium was razed in September 1957 and replaced with a shopping center.
Sources
"Texas Almanac 2008–2009", The Dallas Morning News, c.2008
References
Baseball in Abilene, Texas
Sports venues in Abilene, Texas
Demolished sports venues in Texas
Sports venues demolished in 1957
1957 disestablishments in Texas
1946 establishments in Texas
Sports venues completed in 1946
Javanaria is a monotypic genus of southeast Asian sheet weavers containing the single species, Javanaria gracilipes. It was first described by A. V. Tanasevitch in 2020, and it has only been found in Indonesia.
See also
Javagone
Javanyphia
List of Linyphiidae species (I–P)
References
Monotypic Linyphiidae genera
Endemic fauna of Java
Dursunfakı is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 64 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Ryan Held (born November 23, 1974) is an American football coach.  They are currently the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach at North Alabama and was previously the running backs coach at University of Nebraska–Lincoln. They were hired in that role in December 2017, after serving in that same position at the University of Central Florida in Orlando, Florida since 2016. Prior to that, they had served as the head coach at Peru State as well as several college and teams in Kansas and Oklahoma.
Early life and playing career
Held was a two-time national champion themselves as a Husker from 1993 to 1996. Nebraska posted a 47-3 record during Held's career with three conference titles. At Nebraska, Held was a teammate of Scott Frost during the 1995 and 1996 seasons.
Coaching career
First stint at Nebraska
As a senior at Nebraska, Held coached the Huskers as a student assistant in 1997, helping them to a 13−0 record and a national title.
Tennessee
As a defensive graduate assistant at Tennessee in 1998 and 1999, they were a part the Volunteers staff that won the 1998 national championship.
Peru State
In 2001, Held became the youngest head football coach in the country (age 26), and they led the Peru State Bobcats to a 5−5 record and a second-place league finish in their only season.
Oklahoma Pandhandle
In 2002, Held took over an Oklahoma Panhandle State Aggies program that had only won two games in the previous three years. They led them to back-to-back winning seasons in 2003 and 2004.
SW Oklahoma State
Held led the Southwestern Oklahoma State program for four seasons, from 2005 to 2008, guiding the team to a share of the Lone Star Conference North Division title in 2007, one year after they were named the division coach of the year.
Butler Community College
In 2011, Held was the offensive coordinator at Butler Community College where they led the team to an 11-1 record and finished as the #2 ranked offense in the country.
Highland Community College
In 2012, they took over a Highland Community College (Kansas) team that hadn't had a winning season since before 2000. In 2013, Highland made it to the playoffs for the first time in the modern era.
Northeast Oklahoma A&M
Held was the head coach for two seasons at Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College (2014–2015), where they coached 22 all-conference selections in their final season.
UCF
Held coached the running backs at UCF under head coach Scott Frost. They were part of a staff that led the nation's most improved team in 2016 and posted the first perfect regular season in UCF and American Athletic Conference history in 2017. With help from Held's running backs, the Knights' offense showed dramatic improvement, increasing their scoring production by more than 35 points per game from 2015 to 2017 and their total offense output by more than 270 yards per game.
Held's running backs helped UCF rush for nearly 2,500 yards during its undefeated regular season and run to the American Athletic Conference title in 2017. Adrian Killins Jr. averaged 6.8 yards per carry en route to earning all-conference accolades as a sophomore. Killins added 10 rushing touchdowns, including a 96-yard score in the regular-season matchup with Memphis, the longest rush and longest play from scrimmage in both UCF and AAC history. As a unit, Held's running backs combined for 24 rushing touchdowns in 2017, including scores by six different backs. As a team, UCF ranked sixth nationally with 38 rushing touchdowns.
In Held's first season at UCF in 2016, the Knights rushed for nearly 2,000 yards and three running backs, including more than 800 yards from freshmen. Killins averaged 6.5 yards per carry, while senior Dontravious Wilson scored eight rushing touchdowns after scoring only three times in their first three seasons combined.
Return to Nebraska
Held returned to their alma mater, Nebraska, in December 2017, when they were one of the first hires on Scott Frost's Husker staff. They were one of four offensive assistants dismissed on November 8, 2021, in a major reshuffle of the offensive staff.
North Alabama
In 2022, Held joined the staff at North Alabama as the associate head coach, offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach.
Head coaching record
College
Junior college
References
External links
North Alabama profile
Nebraska player profile
1974 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
American football wide receivers
Butler Grizzlies football coaches
Nebraska Cornhuskers football coaches
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
North Alabama Lions football coaches
Oklahoma Panhandle State Aggies football coaches
Peru State Bobcats football coaches
Southwestern Oklahoma State Bulldogs football coaches
UCF Knights football coaches
Junior college football coaches in the United States
Sportspeople from the Kansas City metropolitan area
People from Overland Park, Kansas
Coaches of American football from Kansas
Players of American football from Kansas
Bythopsyrna circulata is a species of Asian planthoppers belonging to the family Flatidae.
Description
Bythopsyrna circulata can reach a length of . Head, pronotum and mesonotum show black spots. Wings have quite variable brown crescents, loops and bands. There is a usually intact longitudinal dark brown band along vein R of tegmen. Basal cell is brown or black. Marking patterns may be obscured by melanism and clear areas may show orange colour. The ovipositor is primitive and adapted for piercing.
Biology and behavior
Bythopsyrna circulata has five larval stages and the winged adult hatched from the fifth.
This species, when stimulated by ants, produces large quantities of honeydew.
Distribution
This species can be found in the subtropical and tropical forests of China, Malaysia, Thailand, Sumatra and Java.
Bibliography
Medler J. T. (1999) Flatidae (Homoptera: Fulgoroidea) of Indonesia, exclusive of Irian Jaya, Zoologische Verhandelingen (Leiden), 324: 1-88.
Schmidt E. (1909) Zwei neue Fulgoriden aus dem Stettiner Museum, Entomologische Zeitung. Herausgegeben von dem entomologischen Vereine zu Stettin. Stettin, 70: 187-192.
Schmidt E. (1904) Beitrag zur Kenntnis der Flatiden von Sumatra., Entomologische Zeitung. Herausgegeben von dem entomologischen Vereine zu Stettin. Stettin, 65: 182-212.
Schmidt E. (1904) Neue und bemerkenswerthe Flatiden des Stettiner Museums, Entomologische Zeitung. Herausgegeben von dem entomologischen Vereine zu Stettin. Stettin, 65: 354-381.
Metcalf Z. P. (1957) Part 13. Flatidae and Hypochthonellidae, In: Metcalf Z. P. 1954 - General Catalogue of the Homoptera. Fascicule IV, North Carolina State College, Raleigh(United States of America). p. 1-565.
Stål C. (1862) Synonymiska och systematiska anteckningar öfver Hemiptera, Ofversigt af Kongliga Svenska Vetenskaps-Akademiens Förhandlingar. Stockholm, 19: 479-504.
White A. (1845) Descriptions of a new genus and some new species of Homopterous Insects from the East in the collection of the British Museum, Annals and Magazine of Natural History. London, 15: 34-37.
Guérin-Méneville F. E. (1844) Insectes, In: Cuvier G. L. C. F. D. 1844 - Iconographie du règne animal, 1844. p. 355-370.
FLOW: Fulgoromorpha Lists On the WEB. Bourgoin T.
References
External links
Macroid
Flatidae
Insects of Thailand
Insects of Malaysia
Insects described in 1844
Redshaw Point is an ice-free point facing Markham Bay, situated between Hobbs Glacier and Ball Glacier, southeast James Ross Island. Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) in 1995 after Susan Margaret Redshaw (b. 1954), British Antarctic Survey (BAS) General Field Assistant at James Ross Island, 1990–91; Rothera Station, 1992–93; from 1994 to 1995, a member of the BAS field party in the Jame Ross Island area.
Headlands of James Ross Island
Sorbo San Basile (Calabrian: ) is a village and comune in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of southern Italy. The word "sorbo" in Italian means "the service tree or the sorb-apple tree" of which there are many orchards in the vicinity. The words "San Basile" refer to the Greek Saint Basil the Great because Basilian monks established a monastery in the area as early as 640.
The town is bordered by Bianchi, Carlopoli, Cicala, Colosimi, Fossato Serralta, Gimigliano, Panettieri, Taverna.
References
External links
Official website
Cities and towns in Calabria
The golden-collared toucanet (Selenidera reinwardtii) is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae. It is found in the western Amazon rainforest in South America.
Taxonomy and systematics
The golden-collared toucanet was originally described in the genus Pteroglossus. Alternate names include gold-collared toucanet and Reinwardt's toucanet.
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized:
Red-billed toucanet (S. r. reinwardtii) - (Wagler, 1827): Found in southern Colombia, eastern Ecuador and north-eastern Peru
Langsdorff's toucanet (S. r. langsdorffii) - (Wagler, 1827): Also named Green-billed toucanet. Originally described as a separate species in the genus Pteroglossus and considered by some authorities to be a separate species in the genus Selenidera. Found in eastern Peru, western Brazil and northern Bolivia
Description
The nominate subspecies has a broadly black-tipped maroon-red bill, while S. r. langsdorffii has a broadly black-tipped bluish-grey bill. The plumage of both subspecies is very similar to that of the related spot-billed, tawny-tufted and Gould's toucanets. It is 30.5–35 cm (12–14 in) long and weighs from 129 to 200 grams (4.5-7.1 oz.)
References
golden-collared Toucanet
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
golden-collared Toucanet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chun Cheung () is one of the 40 constituencies in the Kwun Tong District.
Created for the 2019 District Council elections, the constituency returns one district councillor to the Kwun Tong District Council, with an election every four years.
Chun Cheung loosely covers part of the residential estates Ko Cheung Court and Ko Chun Court in Yau Tong. It has projected population of 17,214.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
References
Yau Tong
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Kwun Tong District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
Phyllodocida is an order of polychaete worms in the subclass Aciculata. These worms are mostly marine though some are found in brackish water. Most are active benthic creatures, moving over the surface or burrowing in sediments, or living in cracks and crevices in bedrock. A few construct tubes in which they live and some are pelagic, swimming through the water column. There are estimated to be about 3,500 species in the order.
Characteristics
Phyllodocida are segmented worms and range in size from a few millimetres long to over a metre. Each segment bears a pair of paddle-like parapodia. The prostomium generally has one or two pairs of eyes, a dorsal pair of antennae, a ventral pair of sensory palps and a pair of organs on the neck. The peristomium is a ring, often hidden dorsally by the prostomium and the first segment. There is a muscular proboscis with one or more pairs of jaws. The next few segments tend to differ from those further back in having enlarged dorsal and ventral cirri (fine appendages) and reduced parapodial lobes and chaetae (bristles). Some species have appendages with specialised functions but most have many segments that are similar to each other but which vary in size and shape along the length of the body without abrupt changes in the chaetae and parapodia from one to the next.
Biology
Worms in this order are generally predators or scavengers.
Phylogenetic relationships
The three main subgroups are Aphroditiformia, Glyceriformia and Nereidiformia. The Aphroditiformia are characterised by the presence of elytrae or scales on alternating segments. The Glyceriformia are characterised by the presence of unique cone-shaped and ringed prostomiums. The Nereidiformia are more problematic, having no universally distinguishing common features. There is agreement on the monophyly of a group including the Hesionidae, Nereididae and Chrysopetalidae families but opinions differ about Pilargidae, and molecular and morphological studies continue.
Families
Recognised families:
Suborder Aphroditiformia
Superfamily Aphroditoidea
Acoetidae
Aphroditidae
Eulepethidae
Pholoidae
Polynoidae
Sigalionidae
Superfamily Chrysopetalacea
Chrysopetalidae
Superfamily Pisionacea
Pisionidae
Suborder Glyceriformia
Glyceridae
Goniadidae
Lacydoniidae
Paralacydoniidae
Suborder Nereidiformia
Antonbruuniidae
Hesionidae
Nereidae
Pilargidae
Syllidae
Suborder Phyllodocida incertae sedis
Iospilidae
Nephtyidae
Sphaerodoridae
Tomopteridae
Typhloscolecidae
Yndolaciidae
Suborder Phyllodociformia
Alciopidae
Lopadorhynchidae
Phyllodocidae
Pontodoridae
Incertae sedis
Nautiliniellidae
References
External links
Protostome orders
The Corporate Responsibility Group (CRG) was a training and development network for corporate responsibility (CR) and sustainability practitioners in the United Kingdom. Founded in 1987, it was succeeded in January 2015 by spin-off Institute of Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability (ICRS).
History and governance
The group was founded in 1987, as a not-for-profit organisation run by a volunteer board of corporate responsibility practitioners.
The Institute of Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability was created by CRG in 2014 to respond to the need for an organisation that supports the personal and professional development of individuals in CR, sustainability or related functions.
Representing the profession
CRG undertakes research every few years on the state of its profession. Its 2009 study found that 84% of corporate responsibility professionals considered the discipline to be a mainstream business issue, compared to 72% in 2006 survey.
In 2011 the group announced that it would create a professional body for individual corporate responsibility practitioners in the UK, distinct from the group's current organisation-membership model.
Research
The group has collaborated with academia and government to produce research into the state of corporate responsibility. From 2002 to 2003 it supported the work of a UK government working group, commissioned by Stephen Timms MP, the then Minister of State for e-Commerce & Competitiveness at the Department of Trade and Industry (now BIS), looking at professional skills development in the corporate responsibility sector. Its report, "Changing Manager Mindsets", was published in 2003 in conjunction with Ashridge Business School.
In 2005 it produced a study with Ashridge Business School on the state of executive development amongst corporate responsibility professionals. In 2007, a report published by the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University and Cranfield School of Management reported that the "professionalisation of the corporate responsibility and sustainability function in many companies... has also been supported by organisations such as CRG".
Partnerships
The group has an established link with Business in the Community (BITC). By convention, the Chair of CRG sits on the Board of Directors of BITC. BITC's "Key Knowledge for CR Practitioners" primer cites CRG's Code of Conduct for CR practitioners under "Key Principles & Frameworks".
The Doughty Centre for Corporate Responsibility, at the Cranfield School of Management cites the group as a partner.
Membership
Membership is vetted, and comprises over 300 corporate responsibility professionals, representing approximately 85 organisations. Membership covers those within member organisations in the private, public, and third sector, though consultants are not admitted. Among the members - many of which employ members of CRG's volunteer board - are Accenture, British American Tobacco, City of London Corporation, The Crown Estate, Herbert Smith Freehills, IBM, Linklaters, Olswang, QinetiQ, RWE npower, Tata Consultancy Services, Thomson Reuters, Wragge & Co and Zoological Society of London.
Events
The group runs frequent members-only events, including clinics; masterclasses and networking. In 2012 it hosted interactive sessions for members with academics in the subject.
See also
Institute of Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability
External links
crguk.org - official website.
ICRS - official website.
References
Organizations established in 1987
Professional associations based in the United Kingdom
Non-profit organisations based in the United Kingdom
Jolan or Jolán is a given name, female in Magyar (Hungarian), it is the Hungarian version of the female given name Jolanda.
Notable people with the name include :
Jolan (singer) (born 1993), English singer
Jolan Babus (1917–1967), Hungarian ethnographer and teacher
Jolan Chang (1917–2002), Chinese-Canadian sexologist and Taoist philosopher
Jolán Földes (1902–1963), Hungarian author
Jolan Gross-Bettelheim, Hungarian graphics artist
Jolán Kleiber-Kontsek (born 1939), Hungarian athlete who mainly competed in the discus throw event
See also
Golan (disambiguation)
de:Jolán
Barbara Ossenkopp (1943 – 28 May 2021) was a German nightclub dancer, actor and animal rights activist. As "Chinesen-Babs", they became known locally in the Hamburg entertainment district of St. Pauli in the 1960s. They later worked in an orangutan sanctuary in Indonesia.
Early life
Ossenkopp grew up in petty bourgeois circumstances in the city of Lüneburg. In 1961, they moved to Hamburg to work as a decorator.
Career
St. Pauli
Ossenkopp got to know the bar and club scene in St. Pauli through a roommate of their shared apartment in the early 1960s. After working as a barmaid for a short time, they became a striptease dancer at René Durand's Salambo nightclub on the Große Freiheit. During their appearances, they often had made-up eyes and wore a dark wig, which, together with their high cheekbones, created an Asian appearance. This resulted in the name "Chinesen-Babs", under which they soon became known beyond the borders of St. Pauli. Photographer Günter Zint, a long-time companion, described Ossenkopp as a vamp and femme fatale and their role model was Anita Berber, a dancer from Berlin in the 1920s.
Film and television
After a while, Ossenkopp was also noticed by the media. They received commissions from the Norddeutscher Rundfunk, for which they interviewed stars such as Paul Newman and Sean Connery.
In the early 1970s, Ossenkopp had contact with the Hamburg scene, which included Udo Lindenberg. When Lindenberg presented their song Alles Klar auf der Andrea Doria on the ZDF show Disco in 1974, Ossenkopp was involved in the performance as an extra. At the same time, they received their first roles as an actor in German feature and television films. After their debut in an episode of the crime drama series Dem Täter auf der Spur, they initially played mainly supporting roles in erotic comedies. In one of these productions, they were explicitly announced as "Chinesen-Babs". On the other hand, they had roles in films by Herbert Achternbusch, Christel Buschmann and Klaus Lemke. With their appearance in the "Hamburg film" Gibbi Westgermany, they set themselves apart from the erotic genre in 1979. Ossenkopp had their last role in 1987 in the second episode of the television series Mozart und Meisel by Peter Hajek, with whom they were in a relationship for six years in the 1980s.
Animal rights activist in Indonesia
After the relationship with Hajek ended, Ossenkopp moved to Indonesia. Initially, they lived in Bali, where they earned their living as a painter. In 2002, they met Ulrike Freifrau von Mengden in Jakarta, who had been looking after orphaned orangutans in Ragunan Zoo for decades. Ossenkopp became von Mengden's assistant and worked with them for 18 years.
Final years and death
After von Mengden died in January 2020, Ossenkopp became impoverished. In the past few years, they had had Parkinson's disease and leukemia. Financial support from friends from Hamburg, including Günter Zint and Udo Lindenberg, enabled a therapy to be carried out in Jakarta in the Spring of 2021, which seemed to promise success. Before they could start their planned return trip to Hamburg, Ossenkopp was diagnosed with COVID-19 and died from complications of the disease on 28 May at the age of 78 in a hospital in Jakarta. They were buried in a cemetery in the city. They were survived by their daughter.
Filmography
Film
1973: Wer einmal in das Posthorn stößt
1973: Das darf doch nicht wahr sein
1974:
1975: Die sündige Kleinstadt
1980:
1981: Das letzte Loch
1985: Seduction: The Cruel Woman
1986:
Television
1972: Dem Täter auf der Spur
1974: Paul
1987: Mozart und Meisel
References
External links
1943 births
2021 deaths
People from Lüneburg
German female dancers
German film actores
German television actores
Nightclub performers
Animal welfare workers
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Indonesia
Openbucks is an alternative payment gateway founded in 2010 and based in Silicon Valley. It was acquired by payment processor Paysafe Group in July 2020 for an undisclosed amount of money.
Openbucks enables online merchants to accept cash and retailer gift cards as a form of payment from consumers who do not have bank accounts, or credit cards, or prefer to pay cash online to protect their privacy and financial information. Consumers can redeem, like cash, the branded gift cards of major U.S. and Canadian retailers directly at a merchant's checkout as an alternative to credit card payments.
With 60,000+ locations in their network, consumers can buy readily available gift cards or present a barcode at the POS to reload an account, making Openbucks the largest and safest alternative cash payment provider in North America. Their partnerships include CVS Pharmacy, Dollar General, and MoneyGram in the U.S., Canada Post in Canada, and Pacific Coffee in Hong Kong. Openbucks services over 2,000 merchants directly such as BigPoint, Plarium, Razer, Wargaming and more, or via payment service providers and aggregators such as Xsolla and Paymentwall, G2APay and more.
History
Foundation
Openbucks was founded in 2010 by the current CEO, Marc Rochman. The company participated in TechCrunch Disrupt in 2011 to showcase its payment platform.
Awards
2011 FortyThree Awards - Best Internet Cash Service
2012 PayBefore Awards - Best in Category Prepaid Gaming Card
2013 Tie50 Award - Silicon Valley Top Startup
2015 Tie50 Award - Silicon Valley Top Startup
References
Companies based in Silicon Valley
The Association of Waterways Cruising clubs is a waterway society and umbrella organisation in England, UK. It was founded in the early 1960s by the St Pancras, Dunstable, Uxbridge and Lee and Stort boat clubs as an inter-club scheme for an emergency service for boaters, and for safe overnight moorings.
The Association grew quickly from the original four clubs to eighteen, and it published its first handbook giving club locations and phone numbers. In the late Seventies, there were eighty clubs, and a regional structure was adopted.
Today, the AWCC represents over twenty thousand affiliated boat owners, through their membership of more than a hundred cruising clubs. The association enters consultations and negotiations with British Waterways, the Environment Agency and other bodies, and it is an Associate Member of the Parliamentary Waterways Group.
Members of AWCC:
Airedale Boat Club, Ash Tree Boat Club, Ashby Canal Association, Aylesbury Canal Society
Basingstoke Canal Boating Club, Black Buoy Cruising Club, Boaters Christian Fellowship, Bridgewater Motorboat Club, Byfleet Boat Club
Coombeswood Canal Trust, Coventry Canal Society, Cutweb Internet Boating Club
Derby Motorboat Club
Electric Boat Association
Lichfield Cruising Club, Lincoln Boat Club, Longwood Boat Club, Lymm Cruising Club
Mersey Motorboat Club
Norbury Cruising Club, North Cheshire Cruising Club
Oundle Cruising Club
Peterborough Yacht Club, Pewsey Wharf Boat Club
Rammey Marsh Cruising Club
Sale Cruising Club, Saul Junction Boat Owners Club, Sea Otter Owners Club, Soar Boating Club, South Pennine Boat Club, Stafford Boat Club, St Pancras Cruising Club, Seamaster Club, Strawberry Island Boat Club
Tamworth Cruising Club
Watch House Cruising Club, Waterway Recovery Group Cruising Club, West London Motor Cruising Club, Wheelton Boat Club, Wilderness Boat Owners Club
See also
List of waterway societies in the United Kingdom
External links
Official Website
House of Commons Select Committee on Environment, Food and Rural Affairs: Memorandum submitted by the Association of Waterways Cruising Clubs
House of Commons Select Committee on Environment, Transport and Regional Affairs Fourth Report: List of Witnesses incl. AWCC
House of commons Select Committee on Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Eight Report: No. 7, Ev 144: AWCC
AWCC Press Release for the Campaign Cruise to the Houses of Parliament in protest against Defra cuts
Waterways organisations in the United Kingdom
Kušići () is a village located in the municipality of Ivanjica, southwestern Serbia. It is situated on the slopes of the Javor mountain, about from Ivanjica and from Belgrade and is 990m above sea level. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 498 inhabitants.
Notes
The nearby Kušića ditches are a memorial to the Serbo-Turkish and Balkan wars. There is also a statue to Major Ilic here.
The village contains a church, a hotel, a post office, three shops and three pubs.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Holly Witteman is a health informatics researcher.  They are a Full Professor (professeure titulaire) in the Department of Family & Emergency Medicine at the Université Laval, in Quebec City, Canada. Witteman is the Canada Research Chair (Tier 2) in Human-Centred Digital Health (Santé numérique axée sur les personnes).
Research career
Witteman's research explores person-centred digital health, with a focus on human-computer interaction in health education, risk communication and decision making. They previously completed a PhD in human factors engineering at the University of Toronto, where they were a fellow in Health Care, Technology, and Place, and was a post-doctoral research fellow at the Center for Bioethics and Social Science in Medicine at the University of Michigan.
In 2019, Witteman led a study, published in The Lancet, which found that when grant reviewers at the Canadian Institutes of Health Research primarily assessed the applicant as a scientist (rather than their proposed research), there were significant differences in success between male (13.9% success) and female (9.2%) principal investigators. In a later study, Witteman found that when the Canadian Institutes of Health Research implemented data-driven gender policy interventions in a second COVID-19 funding competition (April-May 2020), the funding competition received more grant applications from female scientists, and received and funded more grant applications which considered sex and gender in their study design.
In June 2020, Witteman received a Canadian Institutes of Health Research grant ($311,296) to investigate how Canadians perceive COVID-19 risk-reduction messages (such as the two-meter rule), and create digital health materials, such as videos and web applications, to help people better understand the science about COVID-19.
Witteman has published over 150 academic publications, which have been cited over 3,800 times, resulting in an h-index and i10-index of 30 and 67 respectively. They have spoken about different aspects of academia and the COVID-19 pandemic for various media outlets, including gender bias in academic grant applications, ableism, vaccine hesitancy, and the confusing COVID-19 vaccine roll-out for people with chronic health conditions in Quebec. Witteman has previously co-authored an open letter calling for the Canadian Common CV (CCV) to be abandoned, which was signed by over 2,000 CCV users.
Personal life
Witteman has two children, and has been living with a chronic condition since 1983 (Type I Diabetes).
Selected academic publications
Shared decision making: examining key elements and barriers to adoption into routine clinical practice. France Légaré, Holly O Witteman. Health Affairs. 2013.
“You get reminded you're a sick person”: personal data tracking and patients with multiple chronic conditions. Jessica S Ancker, Holly O Witteman, Baria Hafeez, Thierry Provencher, Mary Van de Graaf, Esther Wei. Journal of Medical Internet Research. 2015.
A three-talk model for shared decision making: multistage consultation process. Glyn Elwyn, Marie Anne Durand, Julia Song, Johanna Aarts, Paul J Barr, Zackary Berger, Nan Cochran, Dominick Frosch, Dariusz Galasiński, Pål Gulbrandsen, Paul KJ Han, Martin Härter, Paul Kinnersley, Amy Lloyd, Manish Mishra, Lilisbeth Perestelo-Perez, Isabelle Scholl, Kounosuke Tomori, Lyndal Trevena, Holly O Witteman, Trudy Van der Weijden. The BMJ. 2017.
Are gender gaps due to evaluations of the applicant or the science? A natural experiment at a national funding agency. Holly O Witteman, Michael Hendricks, Sharon Straus, Cara Tannenbaum. The Lancet. 2019.
COVID-19 gender policy changes support female scientists and improve research quality. Holly O. Witteman, Jenna Haverfield, and Cara Tannenbaum. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. 2021.
References
Université Laval faculty
Canada Research Chairs
Health informaticians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
The 2021 Campeonato Pernambucano da Série A1 was the 107th edition of the state championship of Pernambuco organized by FPF. The championship began on 24 February and ended on 23 May. Salgueiro were the defending champions but they were eliminated in the semi-finals.
The finals were contested in two-legged home-and-away format between Náutico and Sport. Tied 2–2 on aggregate, Náutico won 5–3 on penalties, winning the tournament for the 23rd time. As champions, Náutico qualified for 2022 Copa do Brasil and 2022 Copa do Nordeste. The runners-up, Sport also qualified for 2022 Copa do Brasil and 2022 Copa do Nordeste (via RNC), while Salgueiro, the best placed team in the first stage not already qualified, gained the third berth for 2022 Copa do Brasil.
Teams
Ten teams were competing, eight returning from the 2020 and two promoted from the 2020 Pernambucano A2 Championship: Vera Cruz and Sete de Setembro.
The semi-finals and the first leg of the Final were played at Arena Pernambuco.
Schedule
The schedule of the competition was as follows.
First stage
In the first stage, each team played the other nine teams in a single round-robin tournament. The teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, and 0 points for a loss). If tied on points, the following criteria would be used to determine the ranking: 1. Wins; 2. Goal difference; 3. Goals scored; 4. Fewest red cards; 5. Fewest yellow cards; 6. Draw in the headquarters of the FPF.
Top two teams advanced to the semi-finals of the final stages, while teams from third to sixth places advanced to the quarter-finals. The four teams with the lowest number of points played a relegation stage.
The best team not qualified for the finals qualified for 2022 Copa do Brasil. Top two teams not already qualified for 2022 Série A, Série B or Série C qualified for 2022 Série D.
Standings
Results
Relegation stage
In the relegation stage each team played the other three teams in a single round-robin tournament. The two teams with the lowest number of points were relegated to the 2022 Campeonato Pernambucano A2. The teams were ranked according to points (3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw, and 0 points for a loss). If tied on points, the following criteria would be used to determine the ranking: 1. Wins; 2. Goal difference; 3. Goals scored; 4. Fewest red cards; 5. Fewest yellow cards; 6. Draw in the headquarters of the FPF.
Standings and Results
Final stages
Starting from the quarter-finals, the teams played a single-elimination tournament with the following rules:
Quarter-finals and semi-finals were played on a single-leg basis, with the higher-seeded team hosting the leg.
If tied, the penalty shoot-out would be used to determine the winners.
Finals were played on a home-and-away two-legged basis, with the higher-seeded team hosting the second leg.
If tied on aggregate, the penalty shoot-out would be used to determine the winners.
Extra time would not be played and away goals rule would not be used in final stages.
Third place match was not played.
Bracket
Quarter-finals
|}
Matches
Semi-finals
|}
Matches
Náutico qualified for the 2022 Copa do Brasil.
Sport qualified for the 2022 Copa do Brasil.
Finals
|}
Matches
Náutico qualified for the 2022 Copa do Nordeste.
Overall table
Top goalscorers
2021 Campeonato Pernambucano team
The 2021 Campeonato Pernambucano team was a squad consisting of the eleven most impressive players at the tournament.
References
Campeonato Pernambucano seasons
Pernambucano
John H Amos is a paddlewheel tugboat built in Scotland in 1931. The last paddlewheel tug built for private owners, now owned by the Medway Maritime Trust.  They are one of only two surviving British-built paddle tugs, the other being Eppleton Hall preserved at the San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park in San Francisco, California.
Construction
John H Amos was commissioned for the River Tees Conservancy Commissioners and built by Bow, McLachlan and Company Ltd. of Paisley, Scotland. They were named to honour of the Secretary to the Commissioners, John Hetherington Amos who died in 1934. Before completion Bow, McLachlan & Co. went into liquidation and its yard was taken over by National Shipbuilders Securities (NSS). NSS finished the work by using materials that were already available in the yard, which resulted in a variation to design specification: some parts were therefore better, while others were worse.
On first steaming, it was discovered that the boilers used could not supply enough steam for the diagonal compound engines, meaning they could only reach 11 knots instead of the intended 13 knots. They were completed in 1931 but the Tees Conservancy Commissioners did not accept them for another two years before remedial work was completed to bring them up to design specification.
Operations
Between 1940 and 1967, the period covered by the Daily Towage Records at Teesside Archives, they took barges to dredgers and the dumping grounds, towed dredgers which had no propulsion of their own, and transferred the crews. They had a crew of six: master, mate, two engineers (one for each engine), a stoker and a deck hand.
Said to have been an inefficient boat as a tug, they were given a certificate for 144 passengers to make them more useful. In the mouth of the River Tees was pier known as the Fifth Buoy Light: when approaching the river, ships had the two lights in line they knew they were on the right course. In the middle of the structure was a building described as a dance hall, which belonged to the Tees Commissioners, which the John H Amos was used to transport passengers to.
There were regular incidents of alcohol smuggling on the Tees, and in 1959 the boat was arrested for smuggling, having towed some off-shore barges into the river. The master was changed for a period, and the boat taken to court, although no individual was eventually charged.
Like all paddle steamers they had a shallow draught. When towing barges, they were always lashed alongside, and they would normally use only one paddle. Although wide, the configuration allowed efficient operation in shallow draught water, and hence why they worked for so long.
First period of preservation
Withdrawn from service in 1967, two years later they were presented by the Tees and Hartlepool Ports Authority to the County Borough of Teesside for "The People of Cleveland." In December 1971 they were moved from Middlesbrough to Stockton Corporation Quay, with a plan using trainees to convert the tug into a floating museum.
1976–99
As a result of UK Government reorganisation of funding, the youth project based restoration was withdrawn and the boat put up for sale. Two River Thames based business people, who operated the UK's only steam powered tug fleet, purchased the boat for £3,500. After a dispute within the council at the sale, they left Stockton watched by a crowd of 400 to the accompaniment of Rule Britannia played by a local brass band on 4 March 1976.
Renamed Hero they became part of the fleet of International Towing Ltd (ITL), based at Gun Wharf, Chatham Dockyard. By the end of 1976, the partners split the ITL fleet, and John H Amos moved from Gun Wharf to Milton Creek, and then Faversham Creek.
When HMS Endurance returned from the Falklands War, the Royal Navy offered the newly formed Medway Maritime Trust two buoys on which to moor their two boats.
Second period of preservation
John H Amos hence moved to Anchor Wharf, Historic Dockyard. When the Dockyard Trust acquired the submarine HMS Ocelot, John H Amos was moved to a new berth at which they sat on a submerged lump of concrete. Resultantly holed, they sank at their mooring. Happily, the dockyard trust then agreed they could be moored on a free slipway.
In November 1999, John H Amos was listed as part of the National Historic Fleet as a vessel of "Pre-eminent National Significance" and among the most worthy vessels for preservation.
In 2001 the ownership was transferred to the Medway Maritime Trust, with funding from the Science Museum. Restoration grant aid was given from the Heritage Lottery Fund, National Historic Ships, and Rochester Bridge Trust.
Due to be slipped in 2004, timing and contractual delays meant they stayed on the slipway. In 2006, the trust acquired Portal Narvik, the remains of the former Tank Landing Ship HMS Narvik. After earning monies to pay for the lift of John H Amos, in May 2009 one of the largest sea cranes in Europe, the GPS Atlas, lifted John H Amos onto Portal Narvik.
The pair is now moored alongside, in Chatham Docks, where the vessel is to be cleaned and comprehensively recorded, awaiting restoration funds. In 2008, Chatham-born artist Billy Childish made several paintings of the John H Amos, one of which shows the tug safely aboard the Portal Narvik pontoon, moored mid-river.
References
External links
John H Amos at the Medway Maritime Trust
Tugboats of the United Kingdom
Ships built on the River Clyde
History of County Durham
1930 ships
Ships and vessels of the National Historic Fleet
Museum ships in the United Kingdom
Maritime incidents in 1994
A referendum on the Islamisation policy of President Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq was held in Pakistan on 19 December 1984. Voters were asked whether they supported Zia-ul-Haq's proposals for amending several laws in accordance with the Quran and Sunnah, whether they wanted this process to continue, and whether they supported the Islamic ideology of Pakistan. The referendum also served as way of extending Zia-ul-Haq's presidential term by five years. Official results declared it approved by 98.5% of voters, with a turnout of 62.2%. Independent observers questioned whether voter participation had reached 30% and noted that there had been "widespread irregularities".
Results
References
1984 referendums
1984 in Pakistan
1984
Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq
Military government of Pakistan (1977–1988)
Islamism in Pakistan
1980s in Islam
National Youth Organisation may refer to:
National Youth Organisation (Greece), a youth organisation active in the Kingdom of Greece during the authoritarian Metaxas regime
National Youth Organisation (Grenada), a defunct youth organisation in Grenada
National Youth Organisation (Ireland), a youth organization currently active in the Republic of Ireland
National Youth Organisation (Pakistan), a youth organization active in Pakistan associated with Awami National Party
Mazabuka District is a district of Zambia, located in Southern Province. The capital lies at Mazabuka. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 203,219 people.
References
Districts of Southern Province, Zambia
Mazabuka
David Fernández Cantero (born 1 March 1961) is a Spanish broadcaster, news anchor, writer and painter.
Cantero joined Televisión Española (TVE) in 1982, after which they were hired by the regional headquarters of TVE in Andalucía. From 1988 to 1991 they were a correspondent for the Rome public TV network.
Between 2004 and 2010 they were the anchor for the weekend editions of Telediario, and between 2007 and 2009, the host of TVE's news magazine Informe Semanal, after which they anchored the La Entrevista program of the now-defunct channel Cultural.es.
Cantero began their current anchor position on 13 September 2010, on Telecinco's noon edition of its Informativos Telecinco.
References
External links
Profile at Planeta de Libros
1961 births
Living people
People from Madrid
Spanish television presenters
Spanish male writers
Jacob William Laing Pierce (born 10 September 1997) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays for the Brave Lupus in the Japan Rugby League One . Their position of choice is lock.
Early life
Jacob Pierce is eligible to represent Japan since they spent their first 10 years living in Yamaguchi, Shizuoka and Kanagawa.
References
New Zealand rugby union players
1997 births
Living people
Rugby union locks
Blues (Super Rugby) players
North Harbour rugby union players
Toshiba Brave Lupus Tokyo players
Rugby union players from Auckland
"Irresistible" is a song performed by reggaeton duo Wisin & Yandel. The song is taken from Step Up 3D's soundtrack album. It was released for digital download on July 27, 2010. The song was also included on their live album La Revolución: Live, Vol. 2 and the deluxe edition from their 2011 collaborative album Los Vaqueros: El Regreso.
Live performances
The song was premiered and performed first time on the 2010 Premios Juventud on July 15, after, Wisin & Yandel performed the remix version of "Loco" alongside duó Jowell & Randy, featured dancers from movie Step Up 3D dancing behind them.
Critical reception
Sara D Anderson from Aol Radio Blog said that the song is a "Fusing auto-tune and anthemic backbeats with rap and reggae-driven verses".
Music video
Development
A music video was filmed in June 2010 in Los Angeles, it was directed by Music video director Jessy Terrero who has directed most of Wisin & Yandel's videos.
Synopsis
The music video starts when Wisin & Yandel are singing on the top of a building, while dancers are dancing inside showing their best dance moves, the video takes place in relation to the film, so the dancers it will appear in the film, are featured on the video.
The music video was premiered on July 15, 2010, through music video channels.
Charts
The song debuted at number 36 on the Billboard Latin Pop Songs and number 45 on the Latin Songs.
References
External links
"Irresistible" Music video
Official website
2010 singles
Music videos directed by Jessy Terrero
Wisin & Yandel songs
Songs written for films
2010 songs
Songs written by Tainy
Songs written by Wisin
Songs written by Yandel
Ioannis Alevras (; 1912 – 6 April 1995), sometimes spelled Yannis Alevras, was a Greek Panhellenic Socialist Movement politician and Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament, who served as acting President of Greece in March 1985.
Syndicalist
Before becoming a politician, Alevras was employed at the Bank of Greece. They were a prominent syndicalist and a key figure in the foundation of OTOE (Federation of Bank Employee Organizations of Greece) in 1955. OTOE united all relevant trade unions along the lines of craft unionism with Alevras at its head for several years.
Center Union MP
Alevras was first elected to Parliament as a candidate of the Center Union in the 1963 Greek legislative election. Their party won the elections in a narrow victory (138 seats out of 300, with the National Radical Union having 132) and party leader George Papandreou became Prime Minister of Greece on 8 November 1963.
Because no party had the absolute majority in the Parliament, Papandreou carried out the 1964 Greek legislative election. Alevras successfully sought re-election while their party won the elections with a landslide majority (171 seats out of 300, with the alliance of the National Radical Union and the Progressive Party only having 107 seats).
Alevras defended fellow Center Union MP Andreas Papandreou, son of George, during their trial for the Aspida scandal. The Aspida Group allegedly comprised officers of the Hellenic Army, who belonged to the centre or the left and wanted to assume control of an army dominated at the time by right-wing officers who had fought in the Greek Civil War against the left. The alleged scandal had come to public notice in 1965 and Andreas Papandreou was accused of being a member of this conspiracy.
The Aspida scandal led to the so-called Apostasia of 1965 and the fall of the Papandreou government. However the 1964 Parliament remained in place until the coup d'état of 21 April 1967. During the resulting Greek military junta of 1967-1974, Alevras was imprisoned for resisting the new regime.
PASOK founding member
With the Metapolitefsi, the transitional period from the fall of the dictatorship, Alevras resumed their political career. They joined the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK), a new Party under Andreas Papandreou, and achieved re-election in 1974 Greek legislative election. They were one of only 12 MPs elected from their Party. PASOK came third in the elections with New Democracy electing 220 MPs and the Center Union - New Forces electing 60.
They were re-elected in the 1977 Greek legislative election. This time PASOK came second with 93 MPs while New Democracy remained in government with 171 seats in Parliament. Continuing the rise of its popularity, PASOK came first in the 1981 Greek legislative election with 171 MPs while New Democracy only elected 115. Andreas Papandreou became Prime Minister while Alevras was elected Speaker of the Greek Parliament.
Acting President of Greece
In 1985 after President Constantine Karamanlis resigned, Alevras served as acting President, per the relevant provisions of the Constitution of Greece, causing a controversy over the matter whether their duties as Speaker should be suspended during their tenure as acting President (10–30 March 1985) and if they were eligible to vote in the election of the new President. The issue became all the more controversial, as Christos Sartzetakis was elected with the minimum number of votes required (180 out of 300) and would have failed to be elected, were it not for Alevras' vote.
Later political career
Later that year, PASOK won the 1985 Greek legislative election with 161 MPS while New Democracy elected 126. Papandreou remained Prime Minister and Alevras was elected Speaker for a second time. In the same year, Papandreou was indicted by Parliament in connection with the US$200 million Bank of Crete embezzlement scandal. They were accused of helping the embezzlement by ordering state corporations to transfer their holdings to the Bank of Crete where the interest was allegedly skimmed off to benefit PASOK.
The June 1989 Greek legislative election which followed the scandal was inconclusive. New Democracy came first with 145 MPs and PASOK second with only 125, Alevras among them. Neither was enough to form a government by itself. New Democracy formed an alliance with third Party Coalition of the Left and Progress. Their alliance formed a government under Tzannis Tzannetakis.
Synaspismos withdrew its support of the new government only months later. The resulting November 1989 Greek legislative election was again inconclusive. New Democracy came first with 148 MPs and PASOK second with 128, Alevras among them. While each had won 3 more MPs that in the previous election, again none of the two could form a government alone.
The caretaker government under Yiannis Grivas resigned on 23 November 1989. Replaced by a coalition government under Xenophon Zolotas. The new government included representatives of New Democracy, PASOK and Synaspismos and organized the 1990 Greek legislative election. New Democracy came first with 150 MPs and PASOK second with 123, Alevras among them. New Democracy had enough Parliamentary support to form its own government under Party leader Constantine Mitsotakis.
The Mitsotakis government remained in office for about three years. The heightened public irritation over the Macedonia issue with the neighbouring Republic of Macedonia caused several ND parliament members, led by Antonis Samaras, to withdraw their support from Mitsotakis' government and form a new political party, Political Spring (Politiki Anoiksi). With not enough MPs to remain in office, the New Democracy government organized the 1993 Greek legislative election.
PASOK won the elections with 170 MPs and New Democracy came second with only 111. Andreas Papandreou became Prime Minister again. Alevras was elected MP for the tenth and last time.
They died due to bronchopneumonia at 4 am, on April 6th, 1995, following a three-day stay in Hygea Hospital's ICU. They had a state funeral, with honors equivalent to an incumbent prime minister.
References
|-
1912 births
1995 deaths
20th-century presidents of Greece
Centre Union politicians
Greek MPs 1963–1964
Greek MPs 1964–1967
Greek MPs 1974–1977
Greek MPs 1977–1981
Greek MPs 1981–1985
Greek MPs 1985–1989
Greek MPs 1989 (June–November)
Greek MPs 1989–1990
Greek MPs 1990–1993
Greek MPs 1993–1996
PASOK politicians
People from Messini
Presidents of Greece
Speakers of the Hellenic Parliament
Members of the Panhellenic Liberation Movement
The LG Banter (codename AX265) was released on March 23, 2009 and is a successor to the LG Scoop. It has side-slider design and a 1.3-megapixel camera. There are also interchangeable faceplates with two colors: one green and one black. The Banter has two carriers: Alltel Wireless and U.S. Cellular, one with a price of $20 and another one for $50.
References
Banter
Mobile phones introduced in 2009
Panimudakku is a 1972 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by P. N. Menon. The film stars Madhu, Ammini, Maya and Mohan Sharma. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj.
Cast
Madhu
P. R. Varalakshmi
Mohan Sharma
Prema
Sankaradi
Nilambur Balan
Aravindakshan
Baby Yamuna
Bahadoor
Balan K. Nair
Cindrella
George Angamali
Girish Kumar
Gopalakrishnan
Kalamandalam Kshemavathi
Kaviyoor Sasi
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair
Kuthiravattam Pappu
Kuttyedathi Vilasini
M. R. Menon
Narayanankutty
P. O. Thomas
Pala Thankam
Paravoor Bharathan
R. K. Nair
Ramani
Sasikala
Shantha
Susheela
Thankam
Vanchiyoor Radha
Xavier
Narayanan Nair
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1972 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. N. Menon (director)
The Heart Rhythm Society is an international non-profit organization that promotes education and advocacy for cardiac arrhythmia professionals and patients. The society was founded in 1979 and counted over 7,100 members from over 70 countries as of January 2022. The official journal of the Heart Rhythm Society is Heart Rhythm, which provides readers scientific developments devoted to arrhythmias, devices, and cardiovascular electrophysiology. The Heart Rhythm Society is headquartered in Washington, DC, US.
Awareness campaigns
Atrial Fibrillation Awareness Month
The Heart Rhythm Society, through its efforts during Atrial Fibrillation Awareness Month in September and throughout the year, is working to increase public knowledge about atrial fibrillation, including its symptoms, warning signs, and treatments.
Sudden Cardiac Arrest Awareness Month
Sudden Cardiac Arrest Awareness Month represents an initiative by the Heart Rhythm Society to raise awareness and help the public become more familiar with sudden cardiac arrest, how it affects people, and what can be done to help save lives. The society's award-winning "Apples and Oranges" campaign uses a simple analogy to educate people about the difference between a heart attack and sudden cardiac arrest. The campaign targets heart attack survivors, who are at the highest risk for sudden cardiac arrest, and stresses the importance of maintaining a healthy heart lifestyle and learning critical risk markers, especially their ejection fraction, which is the percentage of blood pumped out of the left ventricle with each heartbeat.
Arrest the Risk awareness campaign
In October 2012, the Heart Rhythm Society launched a multi-year, national awareness campaign, "Arrest the Risk", in an effort to elevate the issue of preventing sudden cardiac arrest, early intervention, and appropriate treatment among the African-American and Hispanic populations; increase awareness of disparities at the point of care; and reduce mortality and re-hospitalization rates from sudden cardiac arrest in the US.
Activities
The Heart Rhythm Society's government advocacy efforts center on operating as an intermediary between regulatory agencies and its members. The society promotes programs to take action regarding legislation, creates and endorses clinical guidelines, and helps its members find funding opportunities from government agencies such as the National Institutes of Health.
The society also provides several educational initiatives including courses held throughout the year, certification and continuing medical education programs and an annual conference, called Scientific Sessions.
Presidents
Presidents of the Heart Rhythm Society from inception are listed below. The leadership cycle is five years, with service as president being in the fourth year. This allows the society to project presidents three years in advance. Anne M. Gillis, whose election to the presidency for the 2012-13 term was revealed at the May 2009 meeting of the society, was the second non-American to serve in that capacity. The first non-American president was Bernard S. Goldman in 1982; the second was Anne M. Gillis (both are Canadian).
References
External links
Heart Rhythm Society Web site
Heart disease organizations
Cardiac electrophysiology
International medical and health organizations
Medical and health organizations based in Washington, D.C.
1979 establishments in the United States
Organizations established in 1979
Ali Jabbari is an Iranian former football midfielder who played for Iran in the 1972 Summer Olympics. They also played for Taj SC. On 13 May 1972 during a group match at the 1972 AFC Asian Cup, Iran were trailing 2–0 to Thailand. Ali Jabbari turned the match around with a hat-trick in the space of 8 minutes, with goals in 80', 86' and 88', giving Iran first place in the group. They scored again in the final in which Iran beat South Korea.
Record at Olympic Games
Honours
Iran
Asian Nations Cup
Winner: 2
1968, 1972
Asian Games
Winner: 1
1974
Runner-up: 1
1966
Taj
Asian Champions League
Winner: 1
1970
Third Place: 1
1971
Iranian Football League
Winner: 2
1970–71
1974–75
Runner-up: 1
1973–74
Tehran Football League
Winner: 3
1969
1970–1971
1972–73
References
External links
Ali Jabbari at TeamMelli.com
1946 births
Living people
Iran international footballers
Iranian footballers
Esteghlal F.C. players
Footballers at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Iran
Asian Games gold medalists for Iran
Asian Games silver medalists for Iran
Asian Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 1966 Asian Games
AFC Asian Cup-winning players
1968 AFC Asian Cup players
1972 AFC Asian Cup players
Footballers at the 1970 Asian Games
Footballers at the 1974 Asian Games
Association football midfielders
Medalists at the 1966 Asian Games
The Shadowmancer Returns is the fourth novel in Graham Taylor's Shadowmancer series, following Tersias, and a direct sequel to Shadowmancer.
Plot summary
In this sequel to Shadowmancer, Thomas, Kate, and Raphah flee from the evil sorcerer Demurral and head to London with Jacob Crane. But once there, their ship is seized and they are lured into the dark heart of the city. Further north, Raphah and Beadle set off on a terrifying journey in search of their friends; a journey haunted by mysterious enemies and a shadowy beast intent on their doom.
Cultural references
Several myths and legends are incorporated into the story, such as The Wandering Jew, The Holy Grail and Black Dogs. Furthermore, Beadle remembers meeting a man from eastern Europe, who came to Whitby via shipwreck with a black dog - a reference to Bram Stoker's novel Dracula where the Count arrives at Whitby from a shipwreck in the shape of an enormous black dog.
2007 British novels
2007 children's books
British children's novels
British fantasy novels
Children's fantasy novels
Christian novels
Christian children's books
Faber and Faber books
Gaston de Saporta (28 July 1823 – 26 January 1895) was a French aristocrat, palaeobotanist and non-fiction writer.
Biography
Early life
(Louis Charles Joseph) Gaston de Saporta born in the Château de Montvert in Saint-Zacharie, Var, on July 28, 1823. They were a member of the Provençal nobility. Their father was Adolphe Charles François Anne de Saporta (1800-1879) and their mother, Irène Boyer de Fonscolombe de La Mole (1799-1879). They grew up in the Hôtel Boyer de Fonscolombe, a listed hôtel particulier at 21 Rue Gaston de Saporta in Aix-en-Provence, where they resided all their life.
Career
As a palaeobotanist, they were a supporter of Charles Darwin's theory of evolution and showed the transformation of plant species in different eras. They corresponded with Darwin. In 1877, Darwin wrote a supportive letter to Saporta which stated that "your idea that dicotyledonous plants were not developed in force until sucking insects had been evolved seems to me a splendid one."
They wrote many books about botany from the 1860s to the 1890s. They became a member of the French Academy of Sciences. Moreover, they often visited the National Museum of Natural History in Paris to attend conferences, and paved the way for the inauguration of the Museum of Natural History in Aix-en-Provence.
Interested in the aristocracy, they also wrote a book about the family of Marie de Rabutin-Chantal, marquise de Sévigné (1626-1696).
Personal life
They were married to Valentine de Forbin la Barben. They were widowed in 1850, and got remarried to Émilie de Gabrielli de Gubbio. They had a son, Antoine de Saporta (1855-1914), who became a writer.
They died in Aix-en-Provence on January 26, 1895.
Legacy
The Rue Gaston de Saporta in Aix-en-Provence is named in their honour.
Bibliography
Sur le rôle des végétaux à feuilles caduques dans les flores tertiaires antérieures au miocène proprement dit et spécialement dans celle du gypse d'Aix (1863)
Notice sur les plantes fossiles des calcaires concrétionnés de Brognon (Côte-d'Or) (1866)
La Flore des tufs quaternaires en Provence (1867)
Caractères de l'ancienne végétation polaire : analyse raisonnée de l'ouvrage de M. Oswald Heer intitulé Flora fossilis Artica (1868)
La Végétation du Globe dans les temps antérieurs à l'homme (1868)
La Paléontologie appliquée à l'étude des races humaines (1868)
Prodrome d'une flore fossile des travertins anciens de Sézanne (1868)
Le Phénomène de la vie, discours prononcé à la séance publique annuelle de l'Académie des sciences, agriculture, arts et belles-lettres d'Aix (1870)
Études sur la végétation du sud-est de la France à l'époque tertiaire : révision de la flore des gypses d'Aix (1872)
Flore fossile du Portugal
Essai sur l'état de la végétation à l'époque des marnes heersiennes de Gelinden (with Antoine-Fortuné Marion, 1873)
Paléontologie française, ou Description des fossiles de la France, commencée par Alcide d'Orbigny et continuée par une réunion de paléontologistes. 2e série : Végétaux. Plantes jurassiques (6 volumes, 1873-1884)
Notice sur les plantes fossiles du niveau des lits à poissons de Cerin (1873)
Examen critique d'une collection de plantes fossiles de Koumi (Eubée) (1873)
Recherches sur les végétaux fossiles de Meximieux (with Antoine-Fortuné Marion, 1876)
Les Anciens climats de l'Europe et le développement de la végétation (1878)
Essai descriptif sur les plantes fossiles des Arkosses de Brives près le Puy-en-Velay (1878)
Révision de la flore heersienne de Gelinden, d'après une collection appartenant au Cte de Looz (with Antoine-Fortuné Marion, 1878)
Le Monde des plantes avant l'apparition de l'homme (1879)
Les Temps quaternaires (1881)
Aperçu géologique du terroir d'Aix-en-Provence (1881)
L'Évolution du règne végétal (3 volumes, 1881-1885)
À propos des algues Jossiles (1882)
La Formation de la houille (1882)
Un essai de synthèse paléoethnique (1883)
Les Organismes problématiques des anciennes mers (1884)
Origine paléontologique des arbres cultivés ou utilisés par l'homme (1888)
Dernières adjonctions à la flore fossile d'Aix-en-Provence, précédées de Notions stratigraphiques et paléontologiques appliquées à l'étude du gisement des plantes fossiles d'Aix-en-Provence (1889)
La Famille de Mme de Sévigné en Provence (1889)
Recherches sur la végétation du niveau Aquinien de Manosque (1891)
Correspondance entre Charles Darwin et Gaston de Saporta, précédée de Histoire de la paléobotanique en France au XIXe siècle par Yvette Conry (Paris : Presses universitaires de France, 1972, posthumous).
References
Further reading
André Bailly. (1992). Défricheurs d'inconnu, Peiresc, Tournefort, Adanson, Saporta. Aix-en-Provence: Édisud.
Yvette Conry. (1972). Correspondance entre Charles Darwin et Gaston de Saporta: Précédée de "Histoire de la paléobotanique en France au XIXe siècle. Presses Universitaires de France.
John Farley. (1974). The Initial Reactions of French Biologists to Darwin's ‘Origin of Species'''. Journal of the History of Biology 7 (2): 275-300.
R. Zeiller. (1996). Le Marquis G. de Saporta, sa vie et ses travaux''. Bulletin de la société géologique de France. pp. 197–232.
1823 births
1895 deaths
Evolutionary biologists
19th-century French botanists
French male writers
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Paleobotanists
People from Aix-en-Provence
People from Var (department)
Provencal nobility
The Tampa Smokers was a name used between 1919 and 1954 by a series of minor league baseball teams based in Tampa, Florida. The nickname was a nod to the local cigar industry, which was the most important industry in Tampa during the years in which the Smokers were active. During periods in which the name was not used by a professional team, various local semi-pro and amateur teams took up the Smokers name.
Team history
Florida State League / Southeastern League (1919 – 1930)
The original Tampa Smokers were a charter franchise of the original Florida State League, which started play in 1919. The name reflected the importance of the cigar industry to the Tampa area. In 1928, the team was officially known as the Tampa Krewes, a reference to Ye Mystic Krewe of Gasparilla, the organization which organizes the local Gasparilla Pirate Festival. In 1929, the club moved to the Southeastern League and restored the Smokers nickname, but it ceased operations when the league folded following the 1930 season.
West Coast Baseball League (1932)
In 1932, the Smokers briefly returned as a charter member of the West Coast Baseball League, which was composed of teams based in peninsular Florida. The club disbanded again when the league collapsed after a single season.
Florida International League (1946 – 1954)
The name was revived professionally in 1946, when the Tampa Smokers became a charter member of the Florida International League, a Class C circuit which was notable for fielding a team in Havana, Cuba. This incarnation of the Smokers became one of the first three racially integrated teams in Florida when they signed Afro-Cuban outfielder Claro Duany in 1952.
The Smokers folded along with the Florida International League after the 1954 season, and the name has not been used professionally since. The importance of the cigar industry to Tampa's economy had waned by the 1950s, so when minor league baseball returned to the city in 1957, the new team was called the "Tampa Tarpons".
Semi-pro and amateur baseball
During times when there was no professional baseball team known as the Tampa Smokers (such as the early 1900s and the period from the mid-1930s to the mid-1940s), the name was used by various semi-pro and amateur squads, especially local all-star teams composed of the best Tampa-area players.
Alumni of Smokers squads regularly reunited for exhibition games during the 1950s and 1960s, usually against the Tampa Tarpons. These games were played at Al López Field, the Tarpons' home ballpark which was built in 1955 and named after the Smokers' (and Tampa's) most famous baseball figure.
Ballparks
The minor league Smokers played their home games at Plant Field, which was located just across the Hillsborough River from downtown Tampa. Plant Field had been built by Henry B. Plant as part of their Tampa Bay Hotel resort, and the Smokers shared the large multi-use facility with everything from auto racing to the Florida State Fair.
Semi-pro and amateur versions of the Smokers played at smaller ballfields around town, often Cuscaden Park in Ybor City or Macfarlane Park in West Tampa.
Players
In all their incarnations, the Tampa Smokers featured many local ballplayers, including many Latin players from Ybor City and West Tampa, and usually had strong community support. Their most famous alumnus was Al López, who grew up in Ybor City and signed with the Smokers in 1925, when they were just 16 years old. Lopez played for their hometown team for two seasons and eventually became the first Tampa native to play in the major leagues, the first to be a major league baseball manager, and the first to be inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Several other future or former MLB players played for the Smokers at some point during their career, including Camilo Pascual, Tommy Leach, and Hall of Famer Joe Medwick, who served as the team's player-manager in the early 1950s after finishing their major league career. Another notable Smoker alumnus was Cuban Baseball Hall of Famer Manuel Cueto.
Notable alumni
Baseball Hall of Fame alumni
Max Carey (1924) Inducted, 1961
Manuel Cueto (1928-1929) Inducted, Cuban HOF (1950)
Travis Jackson (1949) Inducted, 1982
Al Lopez (1925-1926) Inducted, 1977
Joe Medwick (1952) Inducted, 1968
Notable alumni
Red Barrett (1920) MLB All-Star
Ben Chapman (1951, MGR) 4 x MLB All-Star
Wes Ferrell (1949) 2 x MLB All-Star
Tommy Leach (1920-1922, 1926-1927, MGR)
Camilo Pascual (1952) 7 x MLB All-Star
Contemporary links
Tampa Bay Smokers softball team
The Tampa Bay Smokers, a men's fast-pitch softball team founded in 1995 and based in St. Petersburg, won multiple Amateur Softball Association of America and International Softball Congress championships., Jr.
The Tampa Bay Smokers produced one of the best won-;pst records of all times during their run between 1994 through 2005, averaging a .900 regular season win percentage and a tourney record even better, going undefeated in championship play in 1996, 1998 and 2005. they lost one game in championship play in 1997.
They were led by Peter Porcelli, overall coaching record for the Smokers and 3 other teams they coached had teams in the top ten in the world seven times in ten years.
Tampa Bay Rays throwback uniforms
On July 2, 2011, the Tampa Bay Rays wore Tampa Smokers throwback uniforms to honor the 1951 Florida International League championship team. In a controversial move, the Rays chose to remove the image of a cigar which had underlined the word "Smokers" across the front of the old team's jerseys, calling the resulting "stogie-free" logo a "slightly more contemporary version".
See also
Baseball in the Tampa Bay Area
Sports in the Tampa Bay Area
References
Sports in the Tampa Bay area
History of Tampa, Florida
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Defunct Florida State League teams
Sports teams in Tampa, Florida
Defunct baseball teams in Florida
Baseball teams disestablished in 1954
Baseball teams established in 1919
Patrick Finbar Ryan, O.P., (1881-1975) was an Irish Dominican priest who served as Archbishop of Port of Spain, Trinidad (1940–1966).
Patrick Ryan was born in Rochestown, County Cork, the son of Edward Ryan, and Matilda Ryan. on 4 March 1881. They were initially educated at Christian Brothers College, Cork, and Clongowes Wood College. They then entered St. Mary's Priory, Tallaght to become a Dominican. At St. Mary's, they also studied at University College Dublin, Royal University of Ireland, and subsequently moved to study at Sapienza University of Rome. They were ordained a priest of the Dominicans Order at the Irish Dominican run, Basilica of San Clemente, Rome, in 1905.
They taught at the Dominican secondary school Newbridge College in County Kildare, serving as Dean. In 1915, they became Prior at St. Saviour's Church, Dominick St., Dublin, until 1919, when they moved to Cork (city) as Prior of St. Mary's Church, Pope's Quay. They edited the Dominican publication the Irish Rosary and, in 1921, founded a children's religious magazine, the Imeldist. They served as Provincial of the Dominicans in Ireland twice - from 1921 to 1926 and, again, from 1930 to 1934.
They were appointed co-adjudicator bishop of Port of Spain, Trinidad in 1937, before being elevated to Archbishop in 1940. In 1943, they established the Seminary of St. John Vianney and the Uganda Martyrs in Tunapuna, Trinidad. In 1946, they invited the Irish Presentation Brothers and, in 1947, the Holy Faith Sisters to set up schools in the diocese.
They attended the Second Vatican Council, 1962-1965.
They retired in 1966 and moved back to Ireland. They died on 10 January 1975, in Cork.
Awards
In 1937, Fr Ryan was awarded the Freedom of Cork City.
In 1950, they were honoured with a knighthood by the Vatican as a Grand Officer of the Supreme Order of Christ becoming a papal count, also in 1969 they were awarded the Trinity Cross by the government of Trinidad and Tobago.
Relatives
Bishop Ryans's brother was a British diplomat Sir Andrew Ryan KBE CMG, whose son was the theologian and like their uncle a Dominican, Rev. Dr. Columba Ryan OP, Another brother, Thomas, served in the Indian civil service and their sister Mary Ryan MA was Professor of Romance Languages at University College Cork, the first female professor in Ireland or the UK.
References
1881 births
1975 deaths
Irish Dominicans
Irish expatriate Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic archbishops of Port of Spain
People educated at Christian Brothers College, Cork
People educated at Clongowes Wood College
Alumni of the Royal University of Ireland
Alumni of University College Dublin
Dominican bishops
Horaiclavus ordinei is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horaiclavidae.
Description
Distribution
References
Bonfitto A. & Morassi M. (2014) Two new Horaiclavus (Horaiclavidae, Conoidea) species from the Indo-Pacific region. Zootaxa 3821(1): 146–150
ordinei
Tony Sampson (born July 26, 1977) is a Canadian musician and former actor. From 1999 to 2009, they voiced Eddy in the Cartoon Network animated series Ed, Edd n Eddy.
Career
Sampson has played the role of Flash in the Canadian television drama The Odyssey and Eddy from Ed, Edd, n Eddy. They have also worked for Vancouver's Ocean Productions and Voicebox Productions, primarily in anime. After Ed, Edd n Eddy ended in 2009, Sampson retired from acting to work in the oil sands industry in Fort McMurray where they operate heavy equipment, and later revealed this was because the production company they were working under threatened to blacklist them from the acting industry after requesting a modest raise. Since 2013, they have been a musical artist with songs on Spotify and iTunes. Sampson once made a guest appearance at the March Toronto Anime Con in 2006.
Filmography
Animation
Captain Zed and the Zee Zone as Nasty Norman, Additional Voices
Cardcaptors as Tori Avalon
Cardcaptors: The Movie as Tori Avalon
Dokkoida?! as Additional Voices
Dragon Ball Z (Ocean Dub) as Pigero (ep. 10)
Ed, Edd n Eddy as Eddy
Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show as Eddy
Elemental Gelade as Rig (ep. 5), Additional Voices
Exosquad as Additional Voices
Fat Dog Mendoza as Additional Voices
Fatal Fury: Legend of the Hungry Wolf as Young Andy Bogard
Fatal Fury 2: The New Battle as Tony
Galaxy Angel as Darling (ep. 10)
The Grim Adventures of the KND as Eddy
Hikaru no Go as Aoki
Human Crossing as Driver (ep. 5), Young Ichiro (ep. 6), Bully (ep. 11)
Infinite Ryvius as Marco, Ryu Gil
Inuyasha as Seikai's Disciple (ep. 22)
Master Keaton as Phil (ep. 34)
Mega Man as Gemini Man
MegaMan NT Warrior as Dex Oyama
MegaMan NT Warrior Axess as Dex Oyama
Mobile Suit Gundam SEED as Miguel Aiman, Recap Narrator (ep. 26)
My Little Pony Tales as Teddy
Please Save My Earth as Jinpachi Ogura/Gyokuran
Project ARMS as Lt. Karl Higgins (eps. 21-23), Additional Voices
Ranma ½ as Genji Heita (ep. 74)
Starship Operators as Hide Chiba (eps. 3, 10 & 13)
Tokyo Underground as Additional Voices
Transformers: Armada as Fred
What About Mimi? as Brock Wickersham
X-Men: Evolution as Berzerker/Ray Crisp
Video games
Tonka Town as Chris the Crane, Tooey Timingbelt
Live-action
Hey Alice as Television presenter (voice)
Struggling as Mr. Dirk (voice)
The Odyssey as Keith/Flash Haldane
The X-Files as Brad (Red Museum), Harley (Brother #1) (Kill Switch)
Man of the House as Big Kid At School #1
Poltergeist: The Legacy as George (The Substitute)
Are You Afraid of the Dark? as Shawn Mackenzie (The Tale of the Water Demons)
Da Vinci's Inquest as David Crayling (The Most Dangerous Time)
The Commish as Derek (The Sharp Pinch)
Millennium as Anthony (The Mikado)
Annie O (1995 TV Film) as Heckler #1
Dirty Little Secret (1998 TV Film) as Clerk
The Angel of Pennsylvania Avenue as Newsboy
Dead Like Me as College Boy (Sunday Mornings)
Discography
Blasm! (studio album, 2018)
References
External links
Tony Sampson at CrystalAcids
Canadian male voice actors
Canadian male child actors
Canadian oilmen
Canadian electronic musicians
21st-century Canadian male musicians
Living people
1977 births
Benedict has been the regnal name of fifteen Roman Catholic popes. The name is derived from the Latin benedictus, meaning "blessed".
Pope Benedict I (575–579)
Pope Benedict II (684–685)
Pope Benedict III (855–858)
Pope Benedict IV (900–903)
Pope Benedict V (964)
Pope Benedict VI (972–974)
Pope Benedict VII (974–983)
Pope Benedict VIII (1012–1024)
Pope Benedict IX (1032–1044, 1045–1046 & 1047–1048)
Pope Benedict XI (1303–1304)
Pope Benedict XII (1334–1342)
Pope Benedict XIII (1724–1730)
Pope Benedict XIV (1740–1758)
Pope Benedict XV (1914–1922)
Pope Benedict XVI (2005–2013)
Additionally, four antipopes have used the name Benedict:
Antipope Benedict X (1058–1059) – Several cardinals alleged that their election was irregular and they were deposed. Their papacy, though later declared illegitimate, has been taken into account in the conventional numbering of subsequent Popes who took the same name.
Antipope Benedict XIII (1394–1423)
Antipope Benedict XIV (1424–1429) & (1430–1437) – Two individuals
See also
Benedict
Benedict
O'Brien may refer to:
People
List of people named O'Brien, a surname
O'Brien dynasty
Places
United States
O'Brien, California, an unincorporated community in Shasta County
O'Brien, Florida, an unincorporated community in Suwannee County
O'Brien, Oregon, a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Josephine County
O'Brien, Texas, a city in Haskell County
O'Brien, West Virginia, an unincorporated community in Barbour County
O'Brien County, Iowa, a county
Other places
O'Brien, Argentina, a town in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina
O'Briens Hill, Queensland, a locality in the Cassowary Coast Region, Australia
O'Brien Island, in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica
O'Brien Island, Chile, in the Magallanes Region, Chile
Ships
USS O'Brien, a list of ships with this name
Capitan O'Brien-class submarine three submarines built for the Chilean Navy in 1928–1929
Oberon-class submarine (also known as O'Brien-class submarine), Chilean Navy submarine class
Chilean submarine O'Brien (S22), an Oberon-class sub
Other uses
O'Brien (Nineteen Eighty-Four), the main antagonist in George Orwell's novel
O'Brien (TV series), a British talk show presented by James O'Brien
United States v. O'Brien, legal case ruled on by the US Supreme Court regarding draft card burning and the First Amendment's guarantee of free speech
See also
Brien
O'Brian, a surname (including a list of people with the name)
O'Bryan (born 1961), American singer-songwriter
Justice O'Brien (disambiguation)
The Romanian nationality law addresses specific rights, duties, privileges, and benefits between Romania and the individual. Romanian nationality law is based on jus sanguinis ("right of blood"). Current citizenship policy in Romania is in accordance with the Romanian Citizenship Law, which was adopted by the Romanian Parliament on March 6, 1991, and the Constitution of Romania, which was adopted on November 21, 1991.
Background
Romania was under communist rule between 1947 and 1989. During the early phases of communism, the principles of Jus Sanguinis were emphasized and a strong sense of nationalism was demanded of all Romanian citizens. International migration was rigorously controlled by the regime and the population was under strict observation. The 1971 Law on Romanian Citizenship upheld these principles and expressed the superiority of Romanian citizenship. “Law No. 24 on Romanian Citizenship of December 1971 stipulated that descendants of a Romanian woman were automatically ascribed Romanian citizenship, regardless of the father's citizenship”. Article 5 of the Law reads: “As an expression of the relationship between parents and children, of the uninterrupted continuity on the fatherland of previous generations that fought for social and national freedom, children born from Romanian parents on the territory of the Socialist Republic of Romania are Romanian citizens.” The law also stipulates that “the president of the republic alone, as representative of the executive power..." could grant or withdraw Romanian citizenship.
Economic and socio-political crises of the 1980s brought with it a change in understanding Romanian homogeneity. Conflict arose between the Hungarian and Romanian nations and confusion between citizenship and national identity led to many questions regarding the boundaries of the nation and the rights of Hungarian minorities living in Romania. After the fall of communism in Eastern Europe in 1989, citizenship laws in Romania were redrafted in the newly formed constitution. Interactions between the citizenship policies of the various Eastern European countries led to new discussions regarding dual-citizenship, which had traditionally been forbidden for Romanian citizens.
Current law's foundation
Romanian nationality law is founded on the social policy of jus sanguinis by which nationality or citizenship is not determined by place of birth, but by the citizenship of one's ancestor. It contrasts with jus soli ("right of soil"), in which citizenship is determined by one's place of birth.
In respect to foundlings, Romanian nationality law does contain an element of jus soli. Foundlings who are found in Romania are considered Romanian citizens until proven otherwise.
The law
From Article #5; Law 21 – The children born from Romanian citizens on Romanian territory are Romanian citizens. Furthermore, Romanian citizens are also those:
born on Romanian territory, even if only one of the parents is a Romanian citizen;
born abroad with at least one parent holding Romanian citizenship.
Romanian citizenship can be acquired after four years of residency in the country while demonstrating a working knowledge of the Romanian language and knowledge of Romanian culture.
Acquiring Romanian citizenship
Citizenship in Romania can be acquired by four methods: birth, adoption, repatriation, and request.
Birth: All children born to Romanian citizens acquire citizenship at birth. The child may be born on Romanian territory or abroad and only one parent must be a Romanian citizen. Additionally, any child found on Romanian territory is granted citizenship if neither of the parents are known.
Adoption: Citizenship is granted to any child who is legally adopted by Romanian citizens. If only one foster parent is a Romanian citizen, the child is still eligible for Romanian citizenship and the decision is made by the foster parents. If they are unable to reach a mutual agreement, the qualified court of law will decide. If the child is 14 years of age or older, their consent is necessary.
Repatriation: Any person who has lost Romanian citizenship can regain citizenship if they so wishes. Additionally, any child or grandchild of someone who has lost their citizenship is entitled to repatriation.
Acquiring by Request: Citizenship may be granted to foreign citizens or a person without citizenship who qualify by inclusion of one of the following three categories:
Was born in Romania and currently reside there;
Has resided in Romania for at least eight years; or
Has resided in Romania and been married to a Romanian citizen for at least five years.
Applicants must also be at least 18 years of age and have a good understanding of the Romanian language and culture.
There are a number of qualifiers that may allow removing up to half of the time-requirements to gain Romanian citizenship, such as if the applicant is an internationally recognized personality; the applicant is a citizen of a European Union Member State; the applicant has obtained refugee status; or the applicant has invested in Romania amounts exceeding €1,000,000.
The consequences of naturalization and restoration of Romanian nationality
Article #10 of the law stipulates that: "Romanian nationality can be granted to the person who lost this nationality and requests its restoration, keeping his/her foreign nationality..."
Certain countries do not allow for multiple citizenship or, in the case that they do allow it, they provide for automatic loss of their citizenship upon obtaining the nationality of another country through a voluntary decision (free choice). The Romanian state cannot guarantee that the foreign citizen keeps their foreign citizenship when restoring their Romanian nationality. All Dutch citizens who restored their Romanian nationality before 1 April 2003, have lost their Dutch citizenship. All Dutch citizens who restored their Romanian nationality after 1 April 2003 and do not fulfill one of the three exceptions from the automatic loss of citizenship have lost their Dutch nationality. All adult Belgian citizens who restored their Romanian nationality before 9 June 2007 have lost their Belgian nationality.
The same applies to people who become naturalized as Romanian nationals.
This does not constitute a fault of the Romanian state, since "according to the Romanian Constitution and Article #1; paragraph 3; Law No. 21/1991 with the subsequent changes and additions, republished, the nationals of Romania enjoy the protection of the Romanian state — such provisions do not mention any duty of the Romanian state in respect to former and/or future Romanian nationals".
The implementation of dual citizenship led to many criticisms in the years that followed. The policy was criticized for being both too inclusive and too exclusive. Some scholars argued that the policy attempted to uphold the principle in the Romanian constitution that "Romanian sovereignty belongs to the Romanian people", by focusing its efforts towards ethnic homogeneity rather than diversity. Contrarily, neighboring Eastern European countries claimed that the policy was a tool of "creeping expansion" and remained skeptical of the motives behind Romania's new-found inclusiveness. While the policy is still discussed today, Romania's acceptance into the European Union in 2007 changed the focus on the citizenship discussion within Romania and with neighboring countries seeking acceptance into the EU themselves, criticism has dwindled abroad.
Honorary Citizen
Article #40 of the Romanian Citizenship Law states:
"The Romanian citizenship titled 'honorary citizenship' may be granted to some foreigners for special services in favor of the country and the Romanian people, on the Government proposal, with no other formality, by the Romanian Parliament. The persons who acquire honorary citizenship enjoy all the civilian and political rights that are recognized to the Romanian citizens, except the right of electing and being elected and that of carrying out a public rank."
Dual citizenship
In accordance with the Law on Romanian Citizenship of 1991, Romanian citizens currently have the right to hold dual citizenship. Romanian citizens who apply for dual citizenship are not required to establish their residency in Romania and, if accepted, are granted all the same rights as non-dual citizens. The Romanian policy on dual citizenship is irrelevant to other states policy. In order to successfully become a dual citizen of Romania, a person must also meet the requirements of dual citizenship in the other country. There have been cases in which applicants have successfully restored their Romanian citizenship and as a result, lost citizenship of another country. The Romanian state does not claim responsibility for the loss of citizenship to another state as a result of being granted dual citizenship by Romania.
Citizenship of the European Union
Because Romania forms part of the European Union, Romanian citizens are also citizens of the European Union under European Union law and thus enjoy rights of free movement and have the right to vote in elections for the European Parliament. When in a non-EU country where there is no Romanian embassy, Romanian citizens have the right to get consular protection from the embassy of any other EU country present in that country. Romanian citizens can live and work in any country within the EU as a result of the right of free movement and residence granted in Article 21 of the EU Treaty.
Losing Romanian Citizenship
Romanian Citizenship can be lost by withdrawing Romanian Citizenship or accepting the disclaiming of Romanian citizenship. Committing serious crimes that harm the Romanian state, or enlisting in the army of a state that Romania has broken any diplomatic relations with, while abroad are both means for withdrawal. A citizen can disclaim their citizenship so long as they are not being charged in a criminal case or owes some sort of debt to any individual or corporate body of the state.
Regardless of an individual's actions, Romanian Citizenship cannot be withdrawn if acquired by birth.
Travel freedom of Romanian citizens
Visa requirements for Romanian citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Romania. In 2017, Romanian citizens had visa-free or visa-on-arrival access to 149 countries and territories, ranking the Romanian passport 21st in the world according to the Visa Restrictions Index.
In 2017, the Romanian nationality is ranked twenty-fifth in the Nationality Index (QNI). This index differs from the Visa Restrictions Index, which focuses on external factors including travel freedom. The QNI considers, in addition to travel freedom, on internal factors such as peace & stability, economic strength, and human development as well.
See also
Romanian identity card
Romanian passport
Visa policy of Romania
Visa requirements for Romanian citizens
References
External links
Ministry of Justice - National Authority on Citizenship
Romanian Citizenship Law
Constitution of Romania
Society of Romania
Romania and the European Union
NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization) is an intergovernmental military alliance.
NATO or Nato may also refer to:
People
n.A.T.o. (singer), Russian singer
Norman Nato (born 1992), French professional racing driver
Ofentse Nato (born 1989), Botswana footballer
Other uses
NATO: Operational Combat in Europe in the 1970s, a 1973 board wargame
NATO Division Commander, a 1979 board wargame
National Association of Theatre Owners, an American association
NATO (album), an album by Laibach
Nato, member tree species of the genus Mora
Nato wood
.nato, a deleted internet top level domain
NATO, Southeast Asian slang for 'No Action, Talk Only'
See also
5.56×45mm NATO, a standard rifle round
7.62×51mm NATO, a standard rifle round
nato.0+55+3d, software for realtime video and graphics
NATO phonetic alphabet, a spelling alphabet
NATO reporting name, a codename for non-NATO military equipment
NATO Stock Number, a coding system for NATO military supply equipment
NATOUSA (North African Theater of Operations)
North American Alternative Trade Organization (NAATO), former name of the Fair Trade Federation
Nattō, a Japanese food from fermented soybeans
Natto (disambiguation)
Neato (disambiguation)
The National Metal and Machinery Workers' Union (MMU, , Kinzokukikai) was a trade union representing workers in small and medium-sized engineering works in Japan.
The union was founded in 1989, when the National Trade Union of Metal and Engineering Workers merged with the National Machinery and metalworkers' Union. It affiliated to the Japanese Trade Union Confederation. On 9 September 1999, it merged with the Japanese Metal Industrial Workers' Union to form JAM.
References
Engineering trade unions
Trade unions established in 1989
Trade unions disestablished in 1999
Trade unions in Japan
The brown-mandibled araçari (Pteroglossus mariae), is a species of bird in the family Ramphastidae. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The brown-mandibled aracari is still considered to be a subspecies of the ivory-billed aracari by some authorities. Alternate names include Maria's aracari and Maria's toucan.
References
brown-mandibled aracari
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
brown-mandibled aracari
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Santenay () is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
Lying at the southern end of the Côte de Beaune, it is an appellation of Burgundy wine.
Population
Sights
Santenay is the location of the chateau of Philip the Bold (1342-1404), Duke of Burgundy. The chateau is open to the public and has its own wine cellars and wine tasting and sale.
Wine
Around 85% of the wine from Santenay is red wine made from Pinot noir. The wines are solid, tending more towards the rustic than the elegant, but are cheaper than the big names of the more famous Côte de Beaune villages to the north. Santenay has 124 ha of Premier Crus in its 379ha.
See also
Communes of the Côte-d'Or department
French wine
Burgundy wine
Côte de Beaune
Ensemble Santenay - an ensemble specializing in the performance of Early Music.
References
Further reading
Coates, Clive (1997) Côte D'Or: A Celebration of the Great Wines of Burgundy Weidenfeld Nicolson
External links
thewinedoctor.com A great overview of the geography and wines of Burgundy
Details of the vineyards within the Côte de Beaune.
www.netbourgogne.com
The Burgundy Report Good descriptions of the vineyards and vintages.
Communes of Côte-d'Or
The black-bodied woodpecker or white-shouldered woodpecker (Dryocopus schulzii) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. The genus is still under discussion, and it has been proposed to both "New World Dryocopus" (del Hoyo and Collar 2014) and Hylatomus.
It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, and Paraguay.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, moist savanna, and plantations .
It is near threatened by habitat loss.
References
black-bodied woodpecker
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Paraguay
black-bodied woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Nikita Stanislavovich Nikolayev (; born 24 February 1996) was a Russian football player.
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod on 5 October 2014 in a game against FC Khimik Dzerzhinsk.
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1996 births
Sportspeople from Nizhny Novgorod
Russian footballers
FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod players
Association football defenders
FC Mordovia Saransk players
FC Nizhny Novgorod (2015) players
Living people
Lake Major is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The Lake
Lake Major is among the deepest lakes in Nova Scotia, with a maximum depth of 60 m. The lake also serves as the water supply for the former City of Dartmouth; as a result, there is a water pumphouse on the southeast side of the lake.
External links
Explore HRM
Halifax Water's Website
Major
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
Piato Vaya is a populated place situated in Pima County, Arizona, United States. It has an estimated elevation of above sea level.
References
Populated places in Pima County, Arizona
Billson may refer to:
People
Sir Alfred Billson (1839-1907), English Liberal Party politician
Alfred Author Billson (1858-1930), Australian politician
Anne Billson (born 1954), British writer, photographer, and film critic
Bruce Billson (born 1966), Australian politician
Charles J. Billson (1858-1932), English translator, lawyer and collector of folklore
Herbert George Billson (1971-1938), British colonial administrator, scientist, and rugby player
John Billson (1862-1924), British-born Australian politician
William W. Billson (1847-1923), American lawyer and politician
Fictional
Battling Billson, a short stories character by P.G. Wodehouse
See also
Bilson
André Antunes (23 June 1923 – 22 September 2002) was a Portuguese sports shooter. They competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1923 births
2002 deaths
Portuguese male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Portugal
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1972 Summer Olympics
20th-century Portuguese people
This is a list of Italian football transfers for the January sale in 2008–09 season. Only moves from Serie A and Serie B are listed.
The winter transfer window was opened for four weeks, from 7 January. The window was closed at midnight on 2 February. Players without a club may join one, either during or in between transfer windows.
Players aged 16 and over from the European Union or aged 18 and over from outside the EU could be registered.
Winter transfer window
Player officially joined their new club on 7 January 2009.
Player officially joined their new club on 1 July 2009.
Out of window transfer
See also
List of Italian football transfers Summer 2007
References
DEPOSITO CONTRATTI 08-09 Officially completed transfers from lega-calcio.it
Transfers Winter 2008-09
Italian
2008-09
Mississippi Highway 606 (MS 606) is the unsigned designation for the Beach Boulevard in Hancock County, Mississippi. It travels entirely along the coastline of the Mississippi Sound, which is part of the Gulf of Mexico.
Route description
MS 606 and Beach Boulevard begin at a dead end in the parking lot of Silver Slipper Casino in the seaside community of Lakeshore, near the outlet of Bayou Caddy. According to the Mississippi Department of Transportation (MDOT), the formal southern terminus is further south where a parking lot formerly existed, but had since been removed for an expansion of the casino building. The road heads north along the immediate sandy shoreline of the Mississippi Sound, part of the Gulf of Mexico, to have an intersection with Lakeshore Road (which leads to the main part of the community, Bayside Park, and U.S. Route 90 or US 90) before curving northeast to leave Lakeshore and cross Sand Bayou to pass through the community of Clermont Harbor, where it crosses a couple more bayous (one of which is Grand Bayou) and travels through Buccaneer State Park. The highway now enters the Waveland city limits, traveling mostly through seaside neighborhoods as it has an intersection with Coleman Avenue (which connects Beach Boulevard/MS 606 to the city's tiny downtown area and the Waveland Ground Zero Hurricane Museum) and passes by the Waveland Veterans Memorial and the Garfield Ladner Pier. MS 606/Beach Boulevard have an intersection Nicholson Avenue (connects to US 90, MS 43, MS 603, and Interstate 10) before crossing into the neighboring city of Bay St. Louis. The highway travels through more neighborhoods, where it passes by the Washington Street Pier and Boat Launch, before passing through the downtown area, where it passes by the Bay St. Louis Municipal Boat Launch and the Jimmy Rutherford Fishing Pier, before MS 606 reaches intersection with US 90 at the mouth of the Bay of St. Louis. North Beach Boulevard and MS 606 continue around the west side of Bay St. Louis heading between a residential neighborhood and small private fishing piers and boat clubs. The road and MS 606 ends at the Cedar Point Boat Launch within view of Hollywood Casino Gulf Coast.
The entire length of MS 606, as well as Beach Boulevard, is a two-lane highway. No part of the road, despite being numbered a state highway, is maintained by MDOT.
Major intersections
References
External links
606
Transportation in Hancock County, Mississippi
The 1963 BRSCC British Saloon Car Championship was a British motor racing series for Group 2 Touring Cars. The championship was contested over eleven races commencing on 30 March at Snetterton and concluding on 28 September at the same circuit. It was the sixth British Saloon Car Championship.
The championship was won by Jack Sears driving a Ford Cortina GT, a Ford Galaxie and a Ford Cortina Lotus.
Calendar & Winners
All races were held in the United Kingdom. Overall winners of multi-class races are shown below in bold.
Note: Cars competed in four classes:
Class A: Up to 1300cc
Class B: 1301 to 2000cc
Class C: 2001 to 3000cc
Class D: Over 3000cc
Championship results
References
British Touring Car Championship seasons
British Saloon
Elizabeth Walker (or variants) may refer to:
Entertainers
Betty Walker (1928–1982), Jewish-American comic and actor
Tippy Walker (born 1947), née Elizabeth Tipton Walker, American actor
Helen Roberts (1912–2010), aka Betty Walker, English singer and actor
Politicians
Liz Walker (politician)
Liz Walker, political candidate for Newton—North Delta
Sports
Elisabeth Walker-Young, or Elisabeth Walker, swimmer who represented Canada at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Elizabeth Walker (sailor) who represented Bermuda at the 1995 Pan American Games
Others
Elizabeth Walker, corps de ballet at New York City Ballet
Elizabeth Walker (author), American author of romance novels
Elizabeth Harrison Walker (1897–1955), American lawyer and publisher
Liz Walker (journalist), on WBZ-TV
Elizabeth Walker (artist) (1800–1876), British engraver and portrait-painter
Elizabeth Walker (pharmacist) (1623–1690), British druggist
Elizabeth A. Walker, American diabetes nurse scientist
See also
Elizabeth Pupo-Walker, percussionist with Tuatara
Beth Walker (disambiguation)
Eliza Walker (disambiguation)
Lisa Walker (disambiguation)
Walker (surname)
Yaw Ihle Amankwah (born 7 July 1988) is a former Norwegian professional footballer.
Career
Amankwah has a Ghanaian father and a Norwegian mother and was born in Bergen. After playing for Fana IL, Amankwah was bought by Brann in the summer of 2007, but was loaned out to Fana for the rest of the 2007 season. Amankwah made their debut for Brann on 28 June 2008, in 2009 they were loaned out to . After playing 30 games for Alta in the 2009 season they returned to Brann in November 2009 to take part in the preparation for the 2010 season.
In January 2012 Amankwah joined Sandefjord Fotball.
After playing in the 2015 Tippeligaen, their contract was due to expire, and as they struggled somewhat with injuries the contract was not renewed. They signed for third-tier club FK Tønsberg.
Amankwah joined Hobro IK in the Danish 1st Division on 24 January 2017. They left the club at the end of the 2018/19 season. In Stabæk they became captain following the autumn 2020 sale of Andreas Hanche-Olsen.
Career statistics
Personal life
Amankwah is the cousin of Ghanaian defensive midfielder, Emmanuel Frimpong, who formerly played for Arsenal.
References
1988 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bergen
Norwegian people of Ghanaian descent
Norwegian footballers
Norwegian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Fana IL players
SK Brann players
Alta IF players
Sandefjord Fotball players
FK Tønsberg players
Hobro IK players
Stabæk Fotball players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian First Division players
Danish Superliga players
Danish 1st Division players
Association football central defenders
Association football defenders
Akshat is a popular male given name in Hindu and Buddhist cultures. It is a name derived from the Sanskrit word 'Aksata' meaning, uninjured.
Akshat may refer to:
People
Akshat Chandra (born 1999), American chess prodigy
Akshat Chopra, Indian film actor, model and dancer
Akshat Khamparia (born 1989), Indian chess International Master
Akshat Pandey (born 1993), Indian cricketer
Akshat Singh (born 2005), Indian dancer
Akshat Verma, Indian film director and screenwriter
See also
References
Indian masculine given names
Meghamalhar is a 2001 Indian Malayalam-language romance film written and directed by Kamal from a story by Iqbal Kuttippuram. It stars Biju Menon and Samyuktha Varma in the lead roles, while Poornima Mohan, Sreenath, Shivaji, Siddique and Raghavan plays supporting roles. The film was jointly produced by M. V. Shreyams Kumar for Mathrubhumi and Asianet. The film won two Kerala State Film Awards and two Filmfare Awards South.
Plot
The film is the story of Rajeevan, an advocate and Nandita Menon, a writer. Rajeevan is married to Rekha, a bank employee, and has two kids. Nandita is married to Mukundan (Siddique), a business person in the Gulf, and has a daughter. Both meet each other accidentally and in due course their relationship becomes intimate (Mentally). Their tastes and thinking are almost alike.
Megha Malhar movie tells Nandita (Samyuktha Varma) who is a budding writer who works with a leading newspaper and Rajeevan (Biju Menon) an attorney. They lead their normal family life happily. A mix-up in the cakes they ordered for their respective kids introduce the protagonists and their background.
Then they meet again, and again. When Rajeev narrates an incident in their childhood bearing uncanny resemblance to Nandita's short story, they realize they are their childhood friend on whose shoulders they leaned on in times of distress.
A chemistry develops between them and Rajeev mistakes this to be love and expresses their feelings to them They respond predictably and tries to alienate him, ignoring him. But later they gift their book "Megha Malhar" to him, revealing that they are their childhood friend.
Rajeev agrees never to meet them afterwards and meet them for the last time. They travel together to Kanyakumari where they had spent their childhood together and they decide to part their ways and live as strangers.
Towards the autumn of one's life, they met again as strangers.
Cast
Biju Menon as Rajeevan
Samyuktha Varma as Nandita (voice dubbed by Bhagyalekshmi)
Poornima Mohan as Rekha
Ranjini as Seemanthini Krishnan, Nandita's friend
Sreenath as Advocate Bhoominathan, Rajeevan's friend
Shivaji as Santhosh, Rajeevan's elder brother
Siddique as Mukundan
Raghavan
Ambika Mohan as Rajeevan's sister in law(Debut Film)
Sanusha as Malavika (Malu), Nandita's daughter.
Jijoy Rajagopal as Prasad, the press photographer
Bindhu Krishna
Soundtrack
Lyrics were by O. N. V. Kurup and Nazim Akhtar. Music was by Ramesh Narayan and Jithesh (Rangathu).
"Oru Narupushpamaayi" (M) - K. J. Yesudas
"Oru Narupushpamaayi" (F) - K. S. Chitra, Ramesh Narayan
"Ponnushassennum" - P. Jayachandran, K. S. Chitra
"Rangathu" - Jithesh
Awards
Filmfare Awards South
Best Actress - Malayalam - Samyuktha Varma
Best Film - Malayalam - M. V. Shreyams Kumar
Kerala State Film Awards
Second Best Film - Meghamalhar
Best Screenplay - Kamal
Kerala Film Critics' Awards
Best Film - Meghamalhar
Best Screenplay - Kamal
Asianet Film Awards
Best Film - Meghamalhar
Best Director - Kamal
Best Actress - Samyuktha Varma
Best Star Pair - Biju Menon and Samyuktha Varma
Best Cinematographer - Venugopal
Best Editing - Beena Paul
Others
Ramu Kariyat Award for Best Director - Kamal
References
External links
Mehgamalhar at the Malayalam Movie Database
2000s Malayalam-language films
2000s romantic musical films
Indian romantic musical films
Films directed by Kamal (director)
The Intercontinental Poker Championship was a poker tournament featuring professional poker players representing various nations. 21 players competed in the inaugural event, which was taped at Palms Hotel and Casino April 14-16, 2006, and aired on CBS for seven weeks beginning June 17, 2006. Jeff Medders and Gabe Kaplan provided commentary.
The field of 21 players was split into three groups of seven, each of which participated in a double elimination Texas hold 'em "shootout." The winner from each group of seven advanced to the semi-finals. The remaining six players from each group competed again, with the winner also advancing.
With the field narrowed to six, the remaining players played another double elimination round. The winner advanced to the final table and the remaining five players competed again, with the winner advancing to the heads-up final match.
At the best of three heads up final table, Yoshio Nakano of Japan defeated Australia's Tony G two out of three to take down $350,000. Tony G won $150,000 for their second-place finish.
Players
David Benyamine (France)
Chris Bjorin (Sweden)
Humberto Brenes (Costa Rica)
Doyle Brunson (USA)
Jimmy Cha (South Korea)
Johnny Chan (China)
Eli Elezra (Israel)
Sam Farha (Lebanon)
Tony G (Australia)
Chau Giang (Vietnam)
Hasan Habib (Pakistan)
Thor Hansen (Norway)
Carlos Mortensen (Spain)
Yosh Nakano (Japan)
Daniel Negreanu (Canada)
Donnacha O'Dea (Ireland)
Ralph Perry (Russia)
Refugio Quintero (Mexico)
Marco Traniello (Italy)
Dave "The Devilfish" Ulliot (England)
Stephen Wolff (South Africa)
External links
Intercontinental Poker Championship To Debut This Weekend On CBS
Poker tournaments
Poker television shows
Acrolepia prasinaula is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1927. It is found in Colombia.
References
Moths described in 1927
Acrolepiidae
Andrew "bunnie" Huang (born 1975) is an American researcher and hacker, who holds a Ph.D in electrical engineering from MIT and is the author of the freely available 2003 book Hacking the Xbox: An Introduction to Reverse Engineering. As of 2012 they reside in Singapore. Huang is a member of the Zeta Beta Tau fraternity, and a resident advisor and mentor to hardware startups at HAX, an early stage hardware accelerator and venture capital firm.
Early life and education
Huang was born in Kalamazoo, Michigan, United States to mainland Chinese parents who fled to Taiwan at a young age during the Chinese communist revolution. Huang's father was born in Central China. Huang's mother was born in Beijing to a Han Chinese father and a Mongol mother. Huang has two sisters and is the middle child of their family.
Huang attended the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1992, earning a Ph.D in electrical engineering in 2002. They stated that they had "flipped a coin" to determine whether to pursue biology or electronics.
The nickname "bunnie" is short for "vorpalbunnie", a reference to the creature in both Monty Python and the Holy Grail and Moria, that they used as a BBS screen name.
Projects
Huang was the hardware lead at Chumby; their responsibilities included the design and production of Chumby devices, as well as the strategic planning and ecosystem development of the broader Chumby hardware platform.
As a leader at the Ministry of Mobile Affairs, Andrew Huang oversaw the ambitious MoMA Eve handheld game console.
They have completed several major projects, ranging from hacking the Xbox, to designing the world's first fully integrated photonic-silicon chips running at 10 Gbit/s with Luxtera, Inc., to building some of the first prototype hardware for silicon nanowire device research with Caltech. Huang has also participated in the design of wireless transceivers for use in 802.11b and Bluetooth networks with Mobilian, graphics chips at Silicon Graphics, digital cinema codecs at Qualcomm, and autonomous robotic submarines during the 1999 competition held by the AUVSI that the MIT team won.  They are also responsible for the "un-design" of many security systems, with an appetite for the challenge of digesting silicon-based hardware security.
Huang was scheduled to appear as an expert witness in the trial United States v. Crippen to determine whether or not modding an Xbox violates sections of the DMCA. The case was dropped suddenly on the third day of trial before the jury sat by the US federal authorities who had initiated the action. The case was dismissed before Huang was called to give testimony.
They also created the open hardware Safecast Geiger Counter Reference Design, as a volunteer effort in response to the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake, tsunami, and ensuing meltdown of Fukushima Daiichi. A project in collaboration with Jie Qi of the MIT Media Lab is Circuit Stickers, a peel-and-stick circuit system for crafting electronics. Huang was interviewed on Dave Jones' The Amp Hour in episode #84, where they talked about their electronics work in China and reverse engineering.
Huang is a member of the advisory board for Crowd Supply, the crowdfunding platform that they used for Novena and The Essential Guide to Electronics in Shenzhen.
Reverse engineering
Xbox
Huang has a long and noted history with the reverse engineering and hacking of consumer products. Their 2003 publication Hacking the Xbox: An Introduction to Reverse Engineering was one of the first published works regarding the reverse engineering of a high-end consumer product. They faced significant legal pressure from Microsoft to not reveal the details of their exploits, and the book itself reveals that they had received a letter from MIT, where they were at the time a student, informing them of their disavowal of any association with their project. Additionally, their publisher John Wiley & Sons had rescinded their intent to publish the book.
In part because of this response by MIT to their work, when the Institute was again put at the forefront of controversy in their handling of the criminal prosecution brought against Aaron Swartz, and their subsequent suicide, Huang released the book for free through No Starch Press, remarking that "Without the right to tinker and explore, we risk becoming enslaved by technology; and the more we exercise the right to hack, the harder it will be to take that right away".
Printer steganography
In 2005, Huang worked with a team from the Electronic Frontier Foundation to develop code that interprets printer steganography markings.
Digital Content Protection
Huang created the NeTV in 2011, which was the first known public use of the High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection (HDCP) "master key". The device uses the master key to implement a video overlay on existing HDCP-protected links, in a fashion which purportedly does not violate the DMCA. Both the hardware and firmware for the NeTV are openly available under the CC-BY-SA license.
MicroSD card vulnerabilities
They have also used reverse engineering techniques to reveal why certain MicroSD cards are poor in quality. In 2013, they presented results in collaboration with fellow Singapore developer Sean "xobs" Cross revealing methods to load arbitrary code into microSD cards via backdoors built into the embedded controller.
Cell phone privacy
On 21 July 2016, Huang and Edward Snowden, in a talk at MIT Media Lab's Forbidden Research event, published research for an outboard computer embedded in a smartphone case, the so-called "Introspection Engine", that would monitor electrical signals received and sent by that phone, to provide an alert to the user, if their phone is transmitting or receiving information when it shouldn't be (for example, when it's turned off or in airplane mode), a feature described by Snowden to be useful for journalists or activists operating under hostile governments that would want to track their activities through their phones.
Novena
In 2013, Huang announced that he, again in collaboration with Cross, was at work developing a laptop called the Novena. The laptop is the first of its kind, in that the hardware and software are entirely open and only include components where the manufacturing companies do not require non-disclosure agreements to obtain the documentation necessary for design. In addition to the normal laptop components, the Novena motherboard also includes an FPGA, dual Ethernet ports, a three-axis accelerometer, and easily augmentable hardware. On May 7, 2014 the Novena's crowdfunding campaign reached its goal of $250,000 and went on to raise a total of $722,880 without taking subsequent pre-orders into account.
Writing
Huang is a contributing writer for MAKE magazine, as well as being a member of their technical advisory board. They have also written for Gizmodo and IEEE Spectrum.
They have also written extensively about manufacturing in China. In March 2016, Huang successfully completed the crowdfunding campaign for their book The Essential Guide to Electronics in Shenzhen, a manual written to enable the English-speaking electronics community to be able to navigate China's Huaqiangbei marketplace in Shenzhen, widely regarded as one of the world's premier electronics marketplaces and production hubs. They also appeared in Wired's 2016 documentary Inside Shenzhen: The Silicon Valley of hardware.
DMCA lawsuit
In July 2016, Huang became a plaintiff in a lawsuit filed by the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) that challenges the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). In the complaint, the EFF argue on behalf of Huang (and their company AlphaMax LLC.) that the "anti-circumvention" and "anti-trafficking" provisions of Section 1201 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act threaten free speech. The lawsuit, Green v. Department of Justice, is shared with plaintiff Matthew D. Green, a cryptography researcher whose work has a similar obstacle within Section 1201.
Huang and AlphaMax were seeking to develop the NeTV2, a digital video processing device that allows a user to record and modify video data from various sources, including streaming services and video games. The extant version of the device does not allow for the modification of encrypted video streams, but Huang and AlphaMax intended to add this as a feature by reverse engineering Intel's High-Bandwidth Digital Content Protection copy protection system. Their concern, however, was that this would qualify as a breach of Section 1201 of the DMCA. In this capacity, the EFF's lawsuit is a preliminary injunction against that portion of the DMCA.
Discussing their motivations behind the suit, Huang said, "When I was a graduate student, I saw a generation of younger engineers growing up stunted and fearful under [the DMCA's] shadow ... In multiple startups since, I saw numerous, legitimate business opportunities stymied by the statute."
In July 2019, a federal judge ruled that the lawsuit could proceed. In 2021, District of Columbia Court Judge Emmet G. Sullivan denied the preliminary injunction put forth by the EFF, citing that the Department of Justice, who were brought forth to defend against the case in 2016, had sufficiently demonstrated that the DMCA is a necessary amendment to existing copyright law, and that to this end it does not place undue or unwarranted restrictions on free speech. The specific assertion by the EFF and Huang that code qualifies as speech, and thus qualifies for the protections given to free speech, was not explicitly rejected in the decision, though Sullivan did remark that the Department of Justice "makes a compelling argument" against that assessment within the purview of the EFF's proposed injunction.
Awards
In 2007, Huang received the Lewis Winner award for Best paper at ISSCC 2006 (A 10Gbit/s photonic modulator and WDM MUX/DEMUX integrated with electronics in 0.13 um SOI CMOS, Solid-State Circuits Conference, 2006. ISSCC 2006. Digest of Technical Papers. IEEE International)
In September 2012, Huang received the 2012 EFF Pioneer Award for their work in hardware hacking, open source and activism.
Bibliography
Publications
Books
References
External links
Living people
MIT School of Engineering alumni
Writers about computer security
1975 births
People from Kalamazoo, Michigan
American people of Chinese descent
Streptomyces spectabilis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces. Streptomyces spectabilis produces hangtaimycin, gentamicin, kanamycin, neomycin B, sisomycin, tobramycin, paromomycin, spectinabilin, spectinomycin, aminocyclitol, actinospectacin, prodigiosine and the streptovaricin complex.
Further reading
See also
List of Streptomyces species
References
External links
Type strain of Streptomyces spectabilis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
spectabilis
Bacteria described in 1961
Johannes Friedrich Miescher (13 August 1844 – 26 August 1895) was a Swiss physician and biologist. They were the first scientist to isolate nucleic acid in 1869. They also identified protamine and made a number of other discoveries.
Miescher had isolated various phosphate-rich chemicals, which they called nuclein (now nucleic acids), from the nuclei of white blood cells in Felix Hoppe-Seyler's laboratory at the University of Tübingen, Germany, paving the way for the identification of DNA as the carrier of inheritance. The significance of the discovery, first published in 1871, was not at first apparent, and Albrecht Kossel made the initial inquiries into its chemical structure. Later, Miescher raised the idea that the nucleic acids could be involved in heredity and even posited that there might be something akin to an alphabet that might explain how variation is produced
Early life and education
Friedrich Miescher came from a scientific family; their father and their uncle held the chair of anatomy at the University of Basel. As a boy, they were shy but intelligent. They had an interest in music, an their father performed publicly. Miescher studied medicine at Basel. In the summer of 1865, they worked for the organic chemist Adolf Stecker at the University of Göttingen, but their studies were interrupted for the year when they became ill with typhoid fever, which left them hearing-impaired. They received their MD in 1868.
Career
Miescher felt that their partial deafness would be a disadvantage as a doctor, so they turned to physiological chemistry. They originally wanted to study lymphocytes, but was encouraged by Felix Hoppe-Seyler to study neutrophils. They were interested in studying the chemistry of the nucleus. Lymphocytes were difficult to obtain in sufficient numbers to study, while neutrophils were known to be one of the main and first components in pus and could be obtained from bandages at the nearby hospital. The problem was, however, washing the cells off the bandages without damaging them.
Miescher devised different salt solutions, eventually producing one with sodium sulfate. The cells were filtered. Since centrifuges were not available at the time, the cells were allowed to settle to the bottom of a beaker. They then tried to isolate the nuclei free of cytoplasm. They subjected the purified nuclei to an alkaline extraction followed by acidification, resulting in the formation of a precipitate that Miescher called nuclein (now known as DNA). They found that this contained phosphorus and nitrogen, but not sulfur. The discovery was so unlike anything else at the time that Hoppe-Seyler repeated all Miescher's research themselves before publishing it in their journal. Miescher then went on to study physiology at Leipzig in the laboratory of Carl Ludwig for a year before being appointed professor of physiology.
While analyzing the composition of salmon sperm, Miescher also discovered the alkaline substance protamine, which they published in 1874. It later found use, as protamine sulfate, in the stabilization of insulin (NPH insulin) and also as a reversal agent for the anticoagulant medicine heparin.
Miescher and their students researched much nucleic acid chemistry, but its function remained unknown. However, their discovery played an important part in the identification of nucleic acids as the carriers of inheritance. The importance of Miescher's discovery was not apparent until Albrecht Kossel (a German physiologist specializing in the physiological chemistry of the cell and its nucleus and of proteins) carried out research on the chemical structure of nuclein.
Friedrich Miescher is also known for demonstrating that carbon dioxide concentrations in blood regulate breathing.
Personal life
Miescher was married to Maria Anna Rüsch. They died of tuberculosis in 1895 aged 51.
Legacy
As of 2008, two laboratories have been named after Miescher:
The Friedrich Miescher Laboratory of the Max Planck Society in Tübingen and the Friedrich Miescher Institute for Biomedical Research in Basel, founded in 1970 by Ciba-Geigy .
See also
Friedrich Miescher Institute for Biomedical Research
Friedrich Miescher Laboratory of the Max Planck Society
Notes and references
Bibliography
Meyer Friedman and Gerald W. Friedland, Medicine's 10 Greatest Discoveries, , pp. 194–196.
Veigl, Harman, Lamm, "Friedrich Miescher's Discovery in the Historiography of Genetics", Journal of the History of Biology 53:3, 2020
External links
Short biography and bibliography in the Virtual Laboratory of the Max Planck Institute for the History of Science
FMI – Friedrich Miescher Institute
The Friedrich Miescher Laboratory of the Max Planck Society
Lasker Foundation
FMI – DNA Pioneers and Their Legacy by Ulf Lagerkvist
Wolf, George (2003). Friedrich Miescher, the man who discovered DNA. U.C.Berkeley.
Ehud Lamm, Oren Harman, Sophie Juliane Veigl (2020). Before Watson and Crick in 1953 Came Friedrich Miescher in 1869. Genetics, 2020 Jun;215(2):291-296. doi:10.1534/genetics.120.303195.
1844 births
1895 deaths
History of genetics
Physicians from Basel-Stadt
Swiss biologists
Swiss biochemists
Tuberculosis deaths in Switzerland
University of Göttingen alumni
University of Tübingen faculty
19th-century deaths from tuberculosis
Hăsnășenii may refer to one of two places in Moldova:
Hăsnășenii Mari, a commune in Drochia district
Hăsnășenii Noi, a commune in Drochia district
Songshan or Song Shan (both variably written in Chinese as or ) may refer to any of the following places:
Mount Song, or Song Shan, one of the Five Sacred Mountains of Taoism, on the south bank of the Yellow River in Henan
Songshan National Nature Reserve, a nature reserve in Yanqing District, a suburban district in Beijing
Songshan District, Chifeng, Inner Mongolia
Songshan District, Taipei
Taipei Songshan Airport
Songshan Line of the Taipei Metro
Songshan Station
Towns
Songshan, Fujian, in Luoyuan County
Songshan, Guizhou, in Ziyun Miao and Buyei Autonomous County
Songshan, Gansu, in Bairi (Tianzhu) Tibetan Autonomous County
Songshan, Guangxi, in Rong County
Songshan, Liaoning, in Taihe District, Jinzhou
Songshan, Jilin, in Panshi
Subdistricts
Songshan Road Subdistrict, Zhengzhou, in Erqi District, Zhengzhou, Henan
See also
Zhongshan (disambiguation)
松山 (disambiguation)
Battle of Mount Song (Songshan), a 1944 battle in Yunnan between Chinese Nationalist and Japanese fores
Jimmy Connors and Brian Gottfried were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
Heinz Günthardt and Peter McNamara won in the final 7–5, 6–4 against Pavel Složil and Ferdi Taygan.
Seeds
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
Draw
Final
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1981 Volvo International Doubles draw
Doubles
Bostrychus microphthalmus is a species of fish from the family Butidae. It is endemic to Maros karst in southern Sulawesi, Indonesia. It was the first documented cave-dwelling fish in Sulawesi, but since then the brotula Diancistrus typhlops has been described from nearby Muna Island, and an additional apparently undescribed eleotrid is known from Sulawesi's Maros karst.
The specific name of B. microphthalmus refers to the small eyes of this fish.
Description
Bostrychus microphthalmus grow to SL. The head is flat on top and the trunk region is elongated. It differs from other Bostrychus species by having reduced eyes covered with skin and reduced head canal development, body pigment, and head squamation.
Habitat
The species is a cave dweller that is usually found in backwaters, lying on clay bottom.
References
Butidae
Cave fish
Freshwater fish of Sulawesi
Fish described in 2005
"My two cents" ("my 2¢") and its longer version "put my two cents in" is an American idiomatic expression, taken from the original English idiom "to put in my two-penny worth".
Origin
The earliest reference to an analog of "two cents" appears in the lesson of the widow's mite from both the Gospel of Mark and the Gospel of Luke. In the biblical episode, several wealthy temple patrons donate large sums of money, but an extremely poor widow places just two small coins, i.e. their two cents, into the offering. They find greater favor with Jesus than do the wealthy patrons, seeing that the widow gave all of their money to the Temple in Jerusalem while the wealthy patrons made little investment, leaving much money for themselves.
Some believe that the phrase originates in betting card games, such as poker. In these games, one must make a small bet, or ante, before beginning play. Thus, the phrase makes an analogy between entering the game and entering a conversation. However, there is no documentary evidence of this being the origin of the idiom, so it is merely speculation.
It is also said the expression originates from boxing in Nottingham during the 1900s. Jack Jetlamey, a well-known gambler despite the little money they had, was always willing to bet on Jack Johnson, a new hopeful boxer. Jetlamey was known to say "two, two, two my two cents in for Johnson", making the whole audience laugh at every match.
Other likely origins are that "my two pennies worth" is derived from the much older 16th-century English expression, "a penny for your thoughts", possibly a sarcastic response to receiving more opinion than was wanted "I said a penny for your thoughts, but I got two pennies' worth". There is also some belief that the idiom may have its origins in the early cost of postage in England, the "twopenny post", where two pennies was the normal charge of sending a letter containing one's words and thoughts or feelings to someone.
Usage
The expression is used to preface a tentative statement of one's opinion. By deprecating the opinion to follow—suggesting its value is only two cents, a very small amount—the user of the phrase, showing politeness and humility, hopes to lessen the impact of a possibly contentious statement.
However, the expression is also sometimes used ironically when expressing a strongly held opinion.
The expression is also sometimes used to preface uncontentious opinions. For example, "If I may put my two cents in, that hat doesn't do you any favors" (a polite way of saying, for example, "that hat is ugly"). Another example would be "My two cents is that you should sell your stock now."
"Two cents" and its variations may also be used in place of the noun "opinion" or the verb phrase "state [subject's] opinion", e.g. "You had to put your two cents in, didn't you?" or "But that's just my two cents."
This expression is also often used as a supplementary phrase after a statement, e.g. "Just my two cents."
See also
IMO
Penny-related idiomatic expressions
References
American English idioms
The 1963–64 Danish 1. division season was the seventh season of ice hockey in Denmark. Five teams participated in the league, and KSF Copenhagen won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Season on eliteprospects.com
Danish
1963 in Danish sport
1964 in Danish sport
HP Release Control is an enterprise level software product which is a part of HP IT Performance Suite.
Overview
In a typical release life cycle, after a change enters the system, the change goes through an approval, implementation, and review phase. HP Release Control supports each one of these phases in the release life cycle.
Approval
During the approval phase, the Analysis module provides a detailed analysis of each change request in the system. Change Advisory Board (CAB) members can view information such as the potential impact of the change and the possible risk involved in implementation. The CAB uses this information to make more informed and accurate decisions regarding the approval of planned changes. In addition, the collaboration feature enables CAB members to provide feedback about planned changes, and to approve or reject the changes.
Implementation
During implementation, the Director and Implementor modules provide real-time information regarding change activities. Implementors and release teams are able to monitor the status of all change activities on a 24-hour timeline view. They receive alerts about issues such as scheduling, collisions, and delays, and use the implementation guidelines that were drawn up in the Analysis module during the approval phase.
Review
After implementation, the Post Implementation Review (PIR) feature provides a platform for reviewers to present their conclusions regarding the implemented change. Using information collected during the implementation phase, reviewers provide feedback about the overall success of the change and satisfaction levels of relevant parties.
Management and Administration
During the entire release life cycle, IT managers use the HP Release Control Dashboard module to view graphic displays of change request and activity data in real time. HP Release Control Administrators use the Administration module to configure the HP Release Control properties and perform administration tasks in the system.
External links
HP Release Control on SaaS: http://www8.hp.com/us/en/software-solutions/software.html?compURI=1172894
HP IT Performance Suite: https://web.archive.org/web/20150226064619/http://www8.hp.com/us/en/software/enterprise-software.html
HP Service Manager software: http://www8.hp.com/us/en/software-solutions/software.html?compURI=1173779
Release Control
The First Middle School of Changsha (simplified Chinese: 长沙市第一中学；traditional Chinese: 長沙市第一中學), colloquially known as First Middle School of Changsha, is a senior secondary school (7th through 12th grades) located in Changsha, Hunan Province, China. The school has been ranked No. 1 among the high schools in Hunan Province. It is directly subordinated by the Provincial Education Department and has been received the titles of Provincial Civilized Unit, National Key School of Sports Reserve Talent Training, Provincial Advanced Unit of Moral Education.
History
Established in 1912, the First High School of Changsha, Hunan is the earliest state-owned middle school in the province. The founder and first President of the school is Fu Dingyi. The original address of the school was Changsha Zidong Yuan (now No. 4 and No. 5 Minzhu Hou Street). The name of the school had been changed several times. In 1946, the school was moved to Qingshuitang, Changsha. The current name of the school, "First High School of Changsha", was officially used in 1952.
Academics
The school is regarded as one of the "", a group of academically selective high schools in China, alongside Yali High School, Changjun High School and High School Attached to Hunan Normal University.
The school is one of the nation's first-tier key schools and the admission process is extremely competitive. For all students, there are four required courses including Chinese, Math, English, and Physical education. The school's official guiding principle is "Gearing to Modernization, Gearing to the World, Gearing to the Future", and its official aim is "Moral Education, Devoted to Teaching, Led by Teaching Research and Quality First".
Graduates of the First High School of Changsha score among the highest in China's college entrance examinations. In recent years, its students have been accepted by top US institutions such as Harvard University, MIT, Stanford University, UC Berkeley, Princeton, and Yale University.
Sports and arts
The school's man basketball team and soccer team has won the first place in several national tournaments. Two gold medals and ten silver medals were won recently in the international sports competitions. Li Xiang, who is a famous TV show host, graduated from the school.
Alumni
Graduates from the First High School of Changsha include the founding father of the People's Republic of China, Chairman Mao Zedong, the former Premier of People's Republic of China Zhu Rongji, the Vice Chairperson of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress Zhou Gucheng , the novelist and translator Zhou Libo, the economist Yang Xiaokai , the composer and conductor Tan Dun, and 17 members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and the Chinese Academy of Engineering.
Former presidents
Fu Dingyi 1912.3–End of 1912
Yin Jiqin 1914.1–1914.6
Shi Wenyao 1914.7–1916.6
Liu Jingyi 1916.8–1917.2
Tang Tingyi 1917.2–1917.8
Liu Wu 1917.8–1918.9
Huang Zhen 1918.9–1920.6
Luo Jiaoduo 1920.8–1921.8
Tong Wenbao 1921.8–1925.1
Fang Kuojun 1925.1–1926.7
Zhang Tanran 1926.7–1927.1
Luo Yuxiong 1927.1–1927.5
Wu Jianzhen1928.4–1929.9
Liao Yunan 1929.9–1931.3
Yu Xianli1931.3–1931.12
Peng Jinyun 1932—1933
Wu Huihua 1933—1940
Zhang Zan 1940.9–1940
Guo Kun 1942—1942
Qian Qiwei 1943—194
Zhang Haisun 1944—1945.9
Gong Lichu 1945—1947.8
Zhou Shifu 1947—948.8
Liu lizhong 1948—1949.9
hen Runquan 1950—1952.10
Zhu Jiusi 1952.10—1953.4
Yuan Zongkai 1953.4–1972
Tan Qicheng 1967.11—1970.7
Huang Renling 1970.8–1971.4
Lizhenguo 1971.5–1974.5
Li Diguang 1981.5–1984
Ma Qingze 1985.4–1999.2
Yu Zeping 1999.2–2003
Zhao Yaqian 2003 to 2014
Liao Dequan 2014 to present
References
Bibliography
External links
Educational institutions established in 1912
High schools in Changsha
1912 establishments in China
Buildings and structures in Changsha
Junior secondary schools in China
Danaë was the mother of Perseus in Greek mythology.
Danaë or Danae may also refer to:
Paintings
Danaë (Blanchard), two paintings attributed to Jacques Blanchard
Danaë (Correggio) (c. 1531)
Danae (Artemisia Gentileschi) (c. 1612)
Danaë (Orazio Gentileschi) (c. 1623)
Danaë (Klimt painting) (1907)
Danaë (Rembrandt painting) (1636)
Danaë (Titian series), a series of at least five paintings
Astronomy
61 Danaë, an asteroid
a name proposed in 1973 for Carme, a satellite of Jupiter
Biology
Danae (plant), a genus of plants
Danae (beetle), a genus of beetles
Ships
Danae-class cruiser, a class of Royal Navy light cruisers
HMS Danae, multiple ships
French frigate Danaé (1807)
People
Danae Kara (born 1953), Greek classical concert pianist and educator
Danae Sweetapple (born 1967), Australian Paralympic swimmer
Other uses
Cyclone Danae, in January 1975
Die Liebe der Danae, an opera by Richard Strauss
Danae, a play by Livius Andronicus
Danae Pyle, a character in the comic strip Non Sequitur
See also
Danaus
Danaea
Dana (disambiguation)
Ivan the Terrible (born circa 1911) is the nickname given to a notorious guard at the Treblinka extermination camp during the Holocaust. The moniker alluded to Ivan IV, also known as Ivan the Terrible, the infamous Tsar of Russia. "Ivan the Terrible" gained international recognition following the 1986 John Demjanjuk case. By 1944, a cruel guard named "Ivan", sharing their distinct duties and extremely violent behavior with a guard named "Nicholas", was mentioned in survivor literature (Rok w Treblince by Jankiel Wiernik, translated into English as A Year in Treblinka in 1945). John Demjanjuk was first accused of being Ivan the Terrible at the Treblinka concentration camp. Demjanjuk was found guilty of war crimes and was sentenced to death by hanging. Exculpatory material in the form of conflicting identifications from Soviet archives was subsequently released, identifying Ivan the Terrible as one Ivan Marchenko, leading the Supreme Court of Israel to acquit Demjanjuk in 1993 because of reasonable doubt. Demjanjuk was later extradited to Germany where they were convicted in 2011 of war crimes for having served at Sobibor extermination camp.
Background
Treblinka was managed by 20 to 25 SS overseers (Germans) and 80 to 120 Hiwi guards of various Soviet ethnicities, including Russian and Ukrainian Red army prisoners of war. They were assisted by a cadre of Jewish inmates known as Kapos, who were prisoner functionaries. The name Ivan was not an uncommon name in the camp. Ivan is a common Ukrainian, Russian, and Belarusian given name. Volksdeutsche were known to have Slavic given names. An example would be Ivan Klatt, or a Volksdeutscher who served in the Sobibor extermination camp, as the Ukrainian guard leader. According to Rajchman six men called Ivan worked at Treblinka. The vast majority of Hiwi guards who were trained at the Trawniki concentration camp facility had to contend with the language barrier. However, there were a number of Volksdeutsche among them, valued because they spoke German, Ukrainian, Russian and other languages. They could also understand basic Yiddish. The German and Austrian SS command, local Poles, and Jewish inmates often referred to guards as Ukrainians not only because of their ethnicity, or because they originated from Ukraine, but because they spoke Ukrainian between themselves. Most of the squad commanders however were Volksdeutsche.
Duties
Although there were more guards known as Ivan at Treblinka, Ivan the Terrible was also referred to as Ukrainian. Their function at the camp was to operate the two tank engines that fed the gas chambers. The motors had been installed and fine-tuned by SS-Scharführer Erich Fuchs. Holocaust survivor Chil Rajchman testified that Ivan was about 25 years old at the time they worked in the camp. They were also known for their extreme cruelty. Ivan the Terrible used to cut off the ears of workers as they walked by, and these people were forced to continue working as they bled. Shortly after, they would proceed to killing them outright. They tortured victims with pipes, a sword, and whips before they entered the gas chambers.
Identity
The true identity of the guard referred to as Ivan the Terrible has not been conclusively determined. Throughout the 1970s and 1980s, John Demjanjuk, a retired suburban Cleveland autoworker of Ukrainian descent, was accused of being Ivan. They were tried in Israel in 1988 and sentenced to death, but the conviction was overturned.
One remarkable event during the trial in Israel involved a star witness for the prosecution, Eliyahu Rosenberg. Asked by the prosecution if they recognised Demjanjuk, Rosenberg asked Demjanjuk to remove their glasses "so I can see their eyes". Rosenberg approached and peered closely at Demjanjuk's face. When Demjanjuk smiled and offered their hand, Rosenberg recoiled and shouted, () meaning, "terrible" in Russian. "Ivan," Rosenberg said. "I say it unhesitatingly, without the slightest shadow of a doubt. It is Ivan from Treblinka, from the gas chambers, the man I am looking at now". "I saw their eyes, I saw those murderous eyes", Rosenberg told the court, glaring at Demjanjuk. Rosenberg then exclaimed directly to Demjanjuk: "How dare you put out your hand, murderer that you are!" It was later revealed that Eliyahu Rosenberg had previously testified in a 1947 deposition that "Ivan the Terrible" had been killed during a prisoner uprising.
On 29 July 1993, the Israeli Supreme Court overturned the guilty verdict on appeal. The ruling was based on new evidence, the written statements of 37 former guards at Treblinka (some of whom had been executed by the Soviet Union, others died of old age, and could therefore not be cross-examined) that identified Ivan the Terrible as another man named Ivan Marchenko (possibly Marshenko, or Marczenko). One document described Ivan the Terrible as having brown hair, hazel eyes, a square face, and a large scar down to their neck; (Demjanjuk was blond with grayish-blue eyes, a round face, and no such scar.) According to one testimony, Marchenko was last seen in Yugoslavia in 1944. According to the testimony of Nikolai Yegorovich Shelayev, a Russian Treblinka gas chamber operator, they and Marchenko together with two Germans and two Jews, operated the motor which produced the exhaust gas which was fed into gas chambers. Shelayev and Marchenko were transferred from Treblinka to Trieste in July 1943 where Marchenko guarded German warehouses and a local prison. In 1944, as Allied forces approached, Marchenko and a driver named Gregory "fled in an armored car to the partisans in Yugoslavia." Shelayev last saw Marchenko in the spring of 1945, in Fiume, where they saw them coming out of a brothel. Marchenko told Shelayev that they had joined the Yugoslav partisans. As late as 1962, the Soviet authorities were looking for him. The Soviet documents created enough reasonable doubt to disqualify Demjanjuk, and their previous conviction was overturned. Some of the exculpatory evidence that led to Demjanjuk's release in 1993 had come to light years before and was deliberately withheld from the Israelis by the Office of Special Investigations (OSI) of the US Department of Justice, which had urged Israel to charge them with being Ivan the Terrible.
Gilbert S. Merritt Jr., judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, said of the OSI's handling of the Demjanjuk case: "Today we know that they — the OSI, the prosecution in the case and the State Department — lied through their teeth. Even then they knew without a doubt that Demjanjuk was not Ivan the Terrible, but they hid the information from us. I am sorry that I did not have the information at the time. If I did, we would never have ruled in favor of their extradition to Israel." Merritt claimed that what happened in their courtroom was "nothing short of a witch hunt. In retrospect, it reminds me of the witch trials in Salem, Massachusetts 300 years ago. The prosecution, counseled by the OSI, presented documents and witnesses whose testimony was based on emotions and hysteria, but not hard evidence. To my regret, we believed them. This instance is a prime example of how justice can be distorted."
John Demjanjuk was later extradited to Germany on charges that they were another guard by the name of Ivan Demjanjuk, who served at the Sobibor extermination camp. During the trial, the problem of identity again became a key issue. Demjanjuk claimed they were not the Ivan Demjanjuk alleged to be a guard at Sobibor, and that the Trawniki identification card supplied by the OSI to Germany, and on which the prosecution based its case, was a Soviet KGB forgery. On 12 May 2011, Demjanjuk was convicted pending appeal by a German criminal court of being a guard at Sobibor extermination camp. Demjanjuk's appeal had not yet been heard by the German Appellate Court when they died in March 2012. As a consequence, the German Munich District Court declared them "presumed innocent". The court also confirmed that Demjanjuk's previous interim conviction was invalidated, and that Demjanjuk was cleared of any criminal record.
Ivan Marchenko is not on the Most Wanted Nazis list. Marchenko, if they are still alive and were to be caught, would be 110 years old as of 2021, and therefore it is unlikely that they would be brought to trial. The Netflix documentary The Devil Next Door shows documents that indicate the birthdate of Ivan Marchenko to be 2 March 1911. Furthermore, the Netflix documentary shows documents where Demjanjuk listed their mother's maiden name as Marchenko.
See also
List of fugitives from justice who disappeared
References
1910s births
Fugitives
Fugitives wanted by Poland
Fugitives wanted on crimes against humanity charges
Holocaust perpetrators in Poland
Possibly living people
Treblinka extermination camp personnel
Ukrainian collaborators with Nazi Germany
Unidentified criminals
The yellow-lored tody-flycatcher or grey-headed tody-flycatcher (Todirostrum poliocephalum) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is endemic to Brazil, occurring from Southern Bahia southwards to Santa Catarina. Measures an average of 8.8 centimeters and weighs an average of 6.8 grams.
It is an insectivorous bird, feeding on small arthropods.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and heavily degraded former forest, including urban parks and gardens. Spends most of the time amongst foliage and is hard to be observed due to its diminutive size. Makes, however, a conspicuous round nest with straw and leaves, hanging from branches at a small height from the ground and with a side entrance. Lays from two to three eggs each nesting season, which are incubated solely by the female.
References
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Todirostrum
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1831
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
is a former Japanese football player. Their brother Hiroto Yamamoto is also a footballer.
Club statistics
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Association football people from Ibaraki Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Kashima Antlers players
Thespakusatsu Gunma players
Gainare Tottori players
Association football defenders
The 2017 Phillips 66 National Swimming Championships were held from June 27 to July 1, 2017, at the IU Natatorium in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Men's events
Women's events
References
External links
Omega Timing Results
United States Swimming National Championships
Usa Swimming Championships, 2017
Swimming
2017 in sports in Indiana
Swimming competitions in Indiana
Lawrence Cohn (born 1932) is an American lawyer, record company executive, and blues collector.  They are best known as one of the creators of Legacy Recordings, a branch of Sony Music Entertainment and as the originator and producer of the Roots 'N' Blues series.
Life and career
They were born in Lebanon, Pennsylvania, and as a child moved with their family to Bensonhurst in Brooklyn. They started listening to, and collecting, blues records as a child, continuing through their teens when they also started attending jazz and blues performances in New York City. After leaving school they attended City College of New York, but left during their studies to serve in the U.S. Army in the Korean War. When the war ended they toured widely as a member of the Army basketball team, before returning to complete college and enrol at Brooklyn Law School. They then became a federal agent, later working with Attorney General Bobby Kennedy.
Outside their paid employment, they started writing reviews on blues, folk, country and gospel music for the Saturday Review, and wrote liner notes on record releases for a wide range of blues musicians. They also amassed one of the largest collections of blues recordings. After leaving federal employment in 1968, they joined Columbia Records, and was then appointed as Vice-President of Epic Records. One of their responsibilities at CBS was to co-supervise the Country Music Division. They later became head of Playboy Records and Music, and was also COO and minor partner in the short-lived CBS Records-Bob Dylan generated label, "Accomplice Records" (1980-82]). They have continued their career as a producer, writer and critic. They wrote Movietone Presents the Twentieth Century (New York : Saint Martin's Press, 1976) and edited Nothing But The Blues : The Music and the Musicians (New York : Abbeville Press, 1993).
They have eight Grammy Award nominations and won Grammy Award for Best Historical Album in 1991 for the "Robert Johnson : The Complete Recordings" project. In the same year they also received the W. C. Handy Award for their work on Robert Johnson and was honored with a Special Distinction Award by the Blues Foundation for their "Contribution to the Blues." Moreover, Sony Music provided them with their first President's Award, for their work on Robert Johnson. They were also selected as one of the "100 Most Important People In The Music Business." [BAM, 1991[
During their tenure at both CBS and Playboy, they were responsible in various ways for the Discovery/Signing/Producing/Career Decisions of many artists including but not limited to: Billy Joel (as "Attila"), Willie Nelson, REO Speedwagon, Cheap Trick (as "Fuse"), Edgar Winter's White Trash, Johnny Winter, Fleetwood Mac (Peter Green's earlier line-up), Shuggie Otis, Johnny Otis, Don "Sugarcane" Harris, Ivory Joe Hunter, ABBA (as "Bjorn & Benny"), Jo Ann Kelly, Brenda Patterson, Sam Phillips (productions), Wayne Cochran & the CC Riders, Lead Belly (first live concert), Otis Blackwell, Gene Austin, Rufus (pre-Chaka Khan), Max Weinberg ("Blackstone"), Poco, Tammy Wynette, Charlie Rich, Jim & Jesse, Bob Luman, David Houston, Jim Messina, Terry Reid, Mashmakhan, Gary Busey ("Carp"), Redbone, CHASE, Santana, Neil Diamond, Taj Mahal, The Clancy Brothers with Tommy Makem, Gene Autry, Pete Seeger, Bill Monroe.
Cohn spent several years in Paris, France as the head of a Magazine & Book Publishing Company.  They are a "three category" Blues Foundation winner [Hall of Fame; Vintage Historical Reissue; Career: Historical Preservation] as well as being a vernacular music collector of note and a founding member of the near-legendary "Blues Mafia," a group considered by many as a major impetus regarding the renewed interest in Traditional American Music!
Their book, "Nothing But The Blues: The Music and the Musicians," received numerous awards. Amongst them, the ASCAP-Deems Taylor Award, BMI-Ralph Gleason Award and the Blues Foundations's "Hall of Fame" designation. They have received numerous awards and citations for their work, including France's "Academie Charles Gross: Grand Prix Du Disque." [1992]  They are the recipient of the President's Life Achievement Award, given by their undergraduate alma mater, City College of New York [CUNY]. [2016]; "Living Blues Magazine Awards." [1] Producer of the Year [2] Best Historical Project: Pre-War. [2018].
References
American record producers
American music journalists
Living people
1932 births
Bernays Propaganda are a Macedonian post-punk band. They took their name from Edward Bernays' book Propaganda. While their lyrical content contains socio-political lyrics, their sound has drawn comparisons to New Order and Tom Tom Club.
Their 2019 release, Vtora mladost, treta svetska vojna (2nd Youth, 3rd World War), features American punk bassist Mike Watt and Macedonian jazz guitarist Toni Kitanovski on the track "Nisto nema da ne' razdeli". The track was also donated to Songs From Under the Floorboard, Vol. 1, proceeds of which go to Planned Parenthood.
Discography
Happiness Machines (2009)
My Personal Holiday (2010)
Zabraneta planeta (2013)
Politika (2016)
Vtora mladost, treta svetska vojna (2019)
References
External links
Bernays Propaganda on Bandcamp
Musicians from Skopje
Macedonian rock music groups
Musical groups with year of establishment missing
Dr. Sangeeta Shankar is an Indian violinist who performs Hindustani classical music.
Early life
Sangeeta Shankar, was born in Banaras in a musical family to N. Rajam and T. S. Subramaniyan. Sangeeta started their training at a very early age in Hindustani music under the tutelage of their mother.
People often refer to their music as the "Singing Violin".  They are the niece of T. N. Krishnan. Violinists Ragini Shankar and Nandini Shankar are their daughters.
Education
Dr.Sangeeta Shankar obtained their degrees in music from Banaras Hindu University.
Performing career
They first started performing on television when they were 8 years old.
They accompanied their mother at the age of 13, and gave a debut solo performance when they were 16. Sangeeta Shankar had also organized a festival of young musicians in Varanasi called 'Abhinav', during the year 1984-85. They perform not only in various states and provinces of India, but also in numerous countries around the globe. They play violin in the Gayaki Ang. Sangeeta has performed across the globe and in numerous places throughout India. They have performed in various countries in Europe, extensively toured the United States and Canada, and performed in countries like Russia, Holland, Japan, Singapore to name a few.
They also conceived and created a TV serial of 26 episodes, named 'Swar Sadhana' in the year 2000. This serial was made for creating an awareness of Indian classical music among the masses. Its highlights were the interesting story format and the participation of various prominent celebrities like Madhuri Dixit, Javed Akhtar, Zakir Hussain, Birju Maharaj, Jagjit Singh, Naushad, Amol Palekar, Pankaj Udhas, Yukta Mookhey, Kanak Rele, Suresh Wadkar, N. Rajam, Sadhana Sargam, Shankar Mahadevan, Annu Kapoor, Veena Sahasrabuddhe, and many others.
Presently, they are the Director and founder of a music company, Legendary Legacy Promotions Pvt. Ltd., which consists of a storehouse of excellent classical music and also other exclusive products.
Currently, they are also educating the future filmmakers, imparting voice culture & music training at Whistling Woods International.
 They are working on an educational project called 'Milaap', which aims to educate children about values and culture and inculcate an atmosphere of happiness, love and peace amongst humanity.
They currently reside in Mumbai.
Discography
Tabula Rasa (Fusion) with Vishwa Mohan Bhatt and Bela Fleck, nominated in 1997 for Grammy Best World Music Award.
Melody & Rhythm with Zakir Hussain
Violin Dynasty (Raag Bageshree) with N. Rajam
Aasha (Raag Jog)
Kumari Sangeeta (Raag Bihag, Chayanat)
Sensitive Strains of Violin (Raag Sohini, Bheem)
A Delicate Touch (Raag Jogkauns, Desh)
Together (Ragam Bhairavi, Malavi, Bilaharai, Todi) with N. Rajam
Dedications to Dawn (Raag Mian ki Todi, Bairagi, Suha Sugharai)
Sangeeta Shankar (Raag Todi, Bairagi)
Music therapy for Migraine - Times Music (Raag Darbari Kanada)
Saundarya (Raag Shyam Kalyaan)
References
1965 births
Hindustani instrumentalists
Indian violinists
Living people
Musicians from Mumbai
Tamil musicians
Women musicians from Maharashtra
21st-century violinists
21st-century women musicians
Ryan Jack (born 27 February 1992) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Rangers and the Scotland national team.
They began their career at Aberdeen, spending 17 years connected with the club across youth and senior categories and serving as club captain for two years. Jack left Aberdeen in 2017, signing for Rangers as a free agent.
Club career
Aberdeen
Jack signed professional terms with Aberdeen in the summer of 2008, having been part of their hometown club's youth academy since the age of eight. They made their first team league debut for the club against Rangers in September 2010 and soon became a regular in the first team.
In January 2011 they scored their first goal for Aberdeen against Inverness Caledonian Thistle, which was voted as the club's Goal of the Season for 2010–11. A week later, they came on as a substitute in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park, a 4–1 defeat to Celtic.
Jack signed a new contract with Aberdeen in October 2011. On 13 December 2011 in a SPL fixture against St Johnstone, they scored a goal from the halfway line to put their team 2–0 up after opposing goalkeeper Peter Enckelman miskicked a clearance. The match ended 2–1 to Aberdeen, with Jack's winner helping the Dons move up to ninth in the table.
In June 2013, Jack signed a three-year deal at Aberdeen, keeping them at the club until 2016. They subsequently played a pivotal role in Aberdeen's season, helping them into the League Cup semi-final, but was injured in January in a league match at Motherwell. and was ruled out for around six weeks, missing the semi-final with St Johnstone. They had returned by the time of the final of the competition, playing all 120 minutes as their club overcame Inverness CT in a penalty shoot-out. Jack did participate in a semi-final during the campaign in the Scottish Cup, again facing St Johnstone, but was on the losing side on that occasion.
On 11 January 2015, Jack was named as SPFL Player of the Month for December 2014. Two weeks later, they missed out on another League Cup final appearance as their team were beaten in the semis by Dundee United. On 20 May 2015, they signed a one-year extension to their contract, keeping them at Aberdeen until the end of the 2016–17 season. On 24 June 2015, Jack was named captain for the 2015–16 season.
After much speculation that they would move on, Jack left Aberdeen in May 2017 when their contract expired, having played 250 times for the Dons. Their last game was the 2017 Scottish Cup Final; earlier in the season they had also led out the team in the League Cup final, with both showpiece matches lost to Celtic.
Rangers
Jack signed a three-year contract with Scottish Premiership club Rangers on 1 June 2017. Upon signing, the former Aberdeen captain said that they were a huge ranger fan growing up and that it was an "honour and a privilege" to join the club they supported. They made their debut for Rangers against Luxembourgish side Progrès Niederkorn in the first qualifying round of the 2017–18 UEFA Europa League on 29 June 2017, a tie which Rangers lost 2–1 on aggregate after losing 2–0 away from home.
On Rangers' first visit to Aberdeen since their move, Jack started the game but was sent off in the second half for a bad tackle, although their team won the match 2–1. It was the fourth red card in the 2017–18 season (two were rescinded after reviews). In January 2018, Rangers confirmed that Jack required surgery on a knee injury sustained in a match the previous month, ruling them out of action for some time.
Jack signed a new contract with Rangers in December 2018, due to run until the end of the 2020–21 season. On 29 December, they scored their first Rangers goal in the Old Firm derby against Celtic, a match which Rangers won 1–0.
In October 2019 they signed a new four-year contract with the club.
Jack helped Rangers win the 2020–21 Scottish Premiership, their first league championship since 2011. In the later part of the season they were troubled by a calf injury that required surgery, they're eventually returning to the team in early November 2021.
International career
Jack has represented Scotland at under-16, under-17, under-19 and under-21 level. They captained the Under-21 side and is on the top ten list for appearances at this level. In May 2013, they received a call-up to the full Scotland squad for the game against Croatia.
Jack eventually made their full Scotland debut in a friendly against the Netherlands in November 2017, by which time they had moved from formative club Aberdeen to Rangers. The match happened to take place in Aberdeen, and in the opening stages they were booed whenever they touched the ball by some of the crowd, due to the rivalry between those clubs and the ill-feeling their transfer had stirred; other fans responded to this by cheering and applauding him.
Jack made their first competitive start for Scotland in November 2019, forming a midfield partnership with Callum McGregor. They helped Scotland qualify for UEFA Euro 2020, but missed the finals due to a calf injury that required surgery.
Career statistics
International
Honours
Aberdeen
Scottish League Cup: 2013–14; runner-up: 2016–17
Scottish Cup runner-up: 2016–17
Rangers
Scottish Premiership: 2020–21
Scottish Cup: 2021–22
Scottish League Cup runner-up: 2019–20
UEFA Europa League runner-up: 2021–22
Individual
SPFL Player of the Month: December 2014
References
External links
Profile and stats at AFC Heritage Trust
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Aberdeen
Scottish footballers
Association football midfielders
Scotland international footballers
Scotland under-21 international footballers
Scotland youth international footballers
Scottish Premier League players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Aberdeen F.C. players
Rangers F.C. players
Nedelica (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Turnišče in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.
References
External links
Nedelica on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Turnišče
Het Leugenpaleis (English: The Palace of Lies) was a Flemish (Belgian) radio sketch comedy show by Hugo Matthysen and Bart Peeters, presented from 1988 until 1999 on radio station Studio Brussel. At the time it enjoyed a huge cult following.
The absurd comedy show proved popular enough to inspire two television spin-offs, "De Liegende Doos" (1995) and "Het Peulengaleis" (1999-2005).
Concept
"Het Leugenpaleis" was a completely improvised radio sketch show, presented by TV presenter Bart Peeters and writer Hugo Matthysen. Most of the comedy came from the hosts playing bizarre and silly characters who reappeared in every episode. The nonsensical atmosphere was highlighted by the fact that both Peeters and Matthysen often starting corpsing, sometimes to the point that they were unable to continue for a few minutes.
Each episode closed with The Great Gig in the Sky by Pink Floyd and Lara's Theme by Maurice Jarre.
Characters
The show had a series of memorable characters, some of which were also used in the TV show adaptations. Apart from these recurring characters Peeters and Matthysen also enjoyed playing fictitious versions of real-life Flemish celebrities, such as The Paranoiacs, Daan Stuyven, Stef Kamil Carlens, Cas Goossens, Mark Coenen, Kathleen Cools and cardinal Godfried Danneels. They usually didn't bother with the accent or any sense of reality at all.
History
"Het Leugenpaleis" aired on Studio Brussel from 1988 to 1999. Right from the start it divided listeners in two camps: you either loved it or hated it. Peeters and Matthysen's unprofessional attitude often caused them to start laughing halfway their performances or made skits go on for so long that the musical interludes had to wait. Originally radio network chief Jan Schoukens planned to fire them, but since the airings had garnered a cult following by then the show was allowed to stay in the air.
In 1989 the show won the HA! van Humo, an annual prize for best Flemish TV show, awarded by the Flemish magazine Humo. It is still the only radio show so far to be awarded this TV prize.
The show ended in 1999, but in 2005 it returned for one final episode to celebrate the 75th anniversary of Belgian radio.
Television adaptations
In 1993 Bart Peeters appeared in Mark Uytterhoeven's popular TV talk show "Morgen Maandag", where they played BRTN network head Cas Goossens, whom they had imitated a lot in "Het Leugenpaleis". It was one of the most memorable moments of the show.
De (V)liegende doos
In 1995 Peeters and Matthysen tried to transfer the absurd Leugenpaleis comedy to television. Since the BRTN refused to give them their own show at the time they broadcast the format on the commercial network vtm. The shows, "De Vliegende Doos" and "De Liegende Doos" ("The Flying Box" and "The Lying Box") were broadcast in prime time at Sunday evenings. "De Vliegende Doos" was a big budget comedy musical spectacle show aimed at a family audience, with puppets and Ronny Mosuse playing an African warrior. "De Liegende Doos" was broadcast later at night and more adult in style. Both programs went live and were completely improvised. While the shows received a lot of media attention at the time the format didn't really catch on with the general public. "De Vliegende Doos" was perceived to be too infantile. "De Liegende Doos", which was more in line with the madcap style of the radio show, got a better reception, but was still too daft for the average viewer. Still, "De Vliegende Doos" was shown in repeats during vtm and its sister channel 2BE's matinée hours and a CD with music from the show was released later.
Het Peulengaleis
Four years later Peeters and Matthysen returned to the small screen with "Het Peulengaleis", a switcheroo of the radio show's title. This time the VRT did give them a chance to make a TV version of "Het Leugenpaleis" and it aired on Canvas late at night. Each episode was directed by Stijn Coninx and featured, apart from Peeters and Matthysen, guest actors among which Tine Embrechts was the most prominent.
The show was smaller in budget and pretense and reached its target audience much easier. It was an instant hit and popular enough to inspire six TV seasons.
Availability
In the 1980s and 1990s memorable moments from the radio show were compiled on cassette tapes and CD's. In 2006 a double compilation CD was released.
In popular culture
The Belgian comedy rock band The Clement Peerens Explosition is based on the character Clement Peerens. The band stars Hugo Matthysen as the character, with Bart Peeters and Ronny Mosuse as fellow band members.
A restaurant in Sint Niklaas was named after the show.
In 2007 the Leugenpaleis sketch "De Floeren Portemonee" was elected as the funniest radio comedy moment in Flemish radio history in a poll held by Radio 1.
Sources
Belgian comedy radio programs
1988 radio programme debuts
1999 radio programme endings
Radio programs adapted into television shows
Radio sketch shows
Surreal comedy radio series
The red-and-black thrush (Geokichla mendeni), also known as the Peleng thrush, is a species of bird in the family Turdidae. It is endemic to forests on the Indonesian islands of Taliabu and Peleng, where threatened by habitat loss. Traditionally, it has been considered a subspecies of the red-backed thrush.
References
Birds described in 1939
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
Geokichla
Taxa named by Oscar Neumann
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Feminist bookstores sell material relating to women's issues, gender, and sexuality. These stores served as some of the earliest open spaces for feminist community building and organizing.
Prior to the spread of feminist bookstores, bookselling was a trade dominated by white men in the United States. There was a lack of awareness and interest within this bookstore leadership to meet the demands for woman-centered literature being raised by feminists at the time. Though some bookstores featured small sections of women's literature or feminist books, these were limited and did not provide the range and depth representative of this category, treating topics not centered around men as an extra section of bookshops rather than an integral part.
History
Feminist bookstores emerged within this context as spaces not only for buying books, but building communities for women, lesbians, and feminists more broadly as part of the growing feminist movement of the mid-20th century. These independent bookstores formed a network across the United States and abroad during the 1960s as part of the second-wave feminist movement. In addition to their function as booksellers, feminist bookstores served as places of learning and organizing for social change. Many feminist bookstores were collectively run by boards of women in a non-hierarchical structure. This was an anti-capitalist business model in line with second-wave feminists' belief that system change was needed in order to create meaningful change in women's lives.
The call for more diverse types of feminist and lesbian spaces took place in-part because queer businesses and locations for community building were few and far between, with the notable exception of the gay bar scene. Even within explicitly LBGT (lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans) spaces lesbians were ostracized, in addition to the broader societal discrimination which they faced. Feminist bookstores were created in part to combat this homophobia and lesbophobia, in response to the lack of safe spaces for lesbians and bisexual women.
Establishment of Gender and Women's Studies
Feminist bookstores were essential to the establishment and growth of feminist studies in the academy. By consolidating feminist literature and providing spaces for open discussion of issues relating to women, these bookshops became incubators for feminist intellectuals. Critical race and gender theories were produced in part by these intellectuals and activists, and feminist bookstores were key to developing the content necessary for the field to be established in the academy. Because these bookstores were open to the public and provided resources through the products sold as well as the women who ran the shops, people who had never had access to that knowledge before then had access. This enabled a more widespread call, first for women's studies and then for gender studies, as academic departments across the nation.
Issues with and responses to feminist bookstores
Though many bookstores were intentional about creating a board of owners that was diverse so as to represent diverse experiences of being a woman, white feminism was a present issue within some leadership. In the case of A Woman's Place bookstore, an alleged lack of understanding of intersectionality was suggested as a cause of the eventual deterioration of the cooperative board and a high-profile legal debate.
One way women of color dealt with this environment was to open businesses run by and centered around their own experiences and made to raise up experiences of other women of color. Kitchen Table Press is one such example; this was a publishing company that produced literature exclusively written by women of color from all backgrounds and then sold to the public, often through feminist bookstores.
References
Feminist bookstores
Second-wave feminism
Independent bookstores
Rowsham is a hamlet in the parish of Wingrave in Buckinghamshire, England. It is south of the main village on the A418 road that links Bierton with Wing. It is in the civil parish of Wingrave with Rowsham.
Rowsham's toponym is derived from Old English, meaning "Hrothwulf's home". In manorial rolls of 1170 it was recorded as Rollesham.
References
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
Graphium wallacei is a butterfly found in New Guinea and the Moluccas that belongs to the swallowtail family.
Subspecies
G. w. wallacei (Aru Islands, western Irian, New Guinea)
G. w. rubrosignatus (Rothschild, 1895) (Halmahera, Bachan, Obi Islands)
Taxonomy
Graphium wallacei belongs to the wallacei species group. This clade has four members:
Graphium wallacei (Hewitson, 1858)
Graphium hicetaon (Mathew, 1886)
Graphium browni (Godman & Salvin, 1879)
Graphium sandawanum Yamamoto, 1977
References
Jordan, K., 1908-1910. Papilionidae, Papilio bis Armandia. in Seitz: Großschmetterlinge der Erde. Die Indo-Australische Tagfalter. IX:11-109,112; Pls.1-49. pdf
External links
Papua insects
wallacei
Butterflies of Indonesia
Lepidoptera of New Guinea
Butterflies described in 1858
The Colored Radical was an African American newspaper in Kansas. It was the first black newspaper in the state, and it was published for just under three months in 1876.
Publication and contents
The Colored Radical was the first black newspaper in the state of Kansas, published jointly in Lawrence and Leavenworth. T.W. Henderson and A.T. Williams were its editors, both of them black ministers. It was first published on August 24, 1876, in the aftermath of the Emancipation Proclamation and the subsequent flight of black people out of the American South into Kansas. A subscription to the paper cost $0.50, and it was produced by the same printers as the Kansas Daily Tribune.
It was a mouthpiece for the Kansas Republican Party in the 1876 United States elections. Its reporting base was wide geographically; as far south and east as Mississippi provided it with information. It was staunchly anti-segregation, criticizing the existence of a bipartite educational system, where white and black children would attend separate schools. It called the lynching in Hamburg, South Carolina—dubbed the Hamburg massacre—one of the "darkest chapters in American society". Although it was at times critical in tone, it also provided optimistic news for black Kansans, and urged them to become self-reliant through property acquisitions and maintenance.
The last issue of the paper was published on November 16, 1876, shortly after the elections concluded. Two years following its closure, W.L. Eagleson established a black newspaper in Fort Scott, then later Topeka, called the Colored Citizen. Henderson joined Eagleson in editing that paper. Of the fourteen issues of the Colored Radical, only five survive.
Notes and references
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Published following a 1908 conference in Clifton, Massachusetts, attended by several black colleges and universities.
1876 disestablishments in Kansas
1876 establishments in Kansas
African-American history of Kansas
African-American newspapers
Defunct newspapers published in Kansas
Christian Church and Parsonage is a historic church and parsonage in Plantersville, Alabama. Both the church and the parsonage were built in 1898. The pair were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
References
Churches in Dallas County, Alabama
Churches completed in 1898
Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) congregations
Houses in Dallas County, Alabama
Houses completed in 1898
National Register of Historic Places in Dallas County, Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
1898 establishments in Alabama
Andrew Joseph Steven (born 21 May 1985) is a Scottish professional basketball player with the Scotland national basketball team. Currently playing in Spain for Quintanar del Rey in the national 1 division. They also have had short spells with the Scottish Rocks on two occasions. They played for St. Mirren basketball club for 9 years before moving to Spain on 30 August 2007. They scored 28 points in a record breaking victory for Scotland Universities against England in their second year with the team (2005–2007). They currently hold a BUSA record for most points in a game at 86, in an overtime win against Napier University. They play the shooting guard position and wears the number 6 jersey.
References
1985 births
Living people
Sportspeople from East Ayrshire
Scottish men's basketball players
Shooting guards
Glasgow Rocks players
Chemical graph theory is the topology branch of mathematical chemistry which applies graph theory to mathematical modelling of chemical phenomena.
The pioneers of chemical graph theory are Alexandru Balaban, Ante Graovac, Iván Gutman, Haruo Hosoya, Milan Randić and Nenad Trinajstić (also Harry Wiener and others).
In 1988, it was reported that several hundred researchers worked in this area, producing about 500 articles annually. A number of monographs have been written in the area, including the two-volume comprehensive text by Trinajstić, Chemical Graph Theory, that summarized the field up to mid-1980s.
The adherents of the theory maintain that the properties of a chemical graph (i.e., a graph-theoretical representation of a molecule) give valuable insights into the chemical phenomena. Others contend that graphs play only a fringe role in chemical research. One variant of the theory is the representation of materials as infinite Euclidean graphs, particularly crystals by periodic graphs.
See also
Chemical graph generator
Molecule mining
MATH/CHEM/COMP
Topological index
References
Theoretical chemistry
Mathematical chemistry
Application-specific graphs
This is a list of characters for the British sitcom My Family that aired on BBC One from 17 September 2000 until 2011.
My Family centres on the fictional Harper family, who live in Chiswick, west London. The family is led by parents Ben and Susan, played by Robert Lindsay and Zoë Wanamaker. They have three children, Nick (Kris Marshall), Janey (Daniela Denby-Ashe) and Michael (Gabriel Thomson). Nick is a regular character until the 2003 Christmas special, and makes one appearance in 2004's fifth series before making their final My Family appearance in the 2005 Comic Relief short as Marshall wanted to do other projects and avoid being type-cast. Janey is a regular until the 2002 Christmas special and does not appear in Series Four (2003), while the character is at University. Janey returns as a main character in Series Five.
Abi Harper, played by Siobhan Hayes, first appears in Series Three as the daughter of Ben's cousin Richard (Anthony Head). Series Three also sees the first appearance of Roger Bailey, Jnr, played by Keiron Self. Roger, who becomes a main character in the fourth series, is a dentist and the son of Ben's former mentor. In the 2005 Christmas special Alfie Butts (Rhodri Meilir), a friend of Nick's, moves into the Harper household.
Principal cast durations
Main characters
Ben Harper
Dr Benjamin ''Ben'' Harper is a morose dentist who is married to Susan Harper and has three children - Nick, Janey and Michael.
They show little patience for their family, their clients or anyone else they encounter. In most episodes they can be found trying to come up with ingenious plans to annoy their wife, get rid of their kids and sit on the sofa with a beer and the paper. They enjoy watching football (shown supporting both Arsenal and QPR) and reading Tom Clancy, although it usually takes them the better part of a year to get through a single book. They also enjoy golf, despite the fact they aren't very good. Ben and Susan have been married for thirty years, as of 2010. Ben is considered by their family to be generally ignorant and dull-witted.
Their children each have their different problems, possibly due to the chronic lack of attention from their dad who doesn't seem to care about anyone. This lack of tolerance is shown to others outside of their family too, mainly towards their dental practice partner Roger Bailey. In reality, Ben loves their wife and children very much.
They show that they are a supportive and protective parent when they fully accept that their son, Michael, is gay.
Susan Harper
Susan Beryl Harper (née Riggs), MBE, is a tour guide, and later works in an art gallery. According to their family they are a bad cook. Susan is married to Ben Harper and has three children, Nick, Janey and Michael. Susan shows love to their children and husband. In the earlier series Michael calls them a control freak, which they still are. They enjoy cooking certain dishes, but uses the wrong ingredients. Ben and Susan have been married for thirty years.
Susan finds it hard to deal with the fact of their children moving out. In the same series, they had to deal with Janey moving to Manchester to go to university, and Nick flying the nest to live in their own flat. They also had to deal with Abi Harper moving into the Harper household in series 3 and Alfie in series 6.
Susan does not have a good relationship with their mother, Grace Riggs, but in the later series their relationship improved by the fact that Grace spent more time with them in the house while Ben was away. When the family appeared on Weakest Link, Grace revealed that Susan had a one-day marriage in 1973, after they married a wrestler called Troy the Punisher in Las Vegas while drunk.
In the Christmas Special 2008 Susan is awarded an MBE for charity work.
Nick Harper
Nicolas "Nick" Harper (born 15 June 1980) is the oldest child of Ben and Susan, the older brother of Janey and Michael and the uncle of Kenzo. It was after finding out that Susan was pregnant with them that their parents married. Their silly behaviour makes them unintentionally annoying to their family, yet their laid back personality makes them fairly popular with women. Nick seems to get themselves in awkward situations with other people, often getting confused as to what they are actually doing. Nick has attempted many jobs, such as a female impersonator, stunt-man, stripper, magician, landlord and exorcist but was hopelessly unsuccessful at all of them. Kris Marshall left at the end of series 4 as they had grown tired with portraying an immature character much younger than their actual age. They guested for two episodes of series 5 and the 2005 Comic Relief Special before never returning to the show again.
 They are often mentioned after their departure. In 2007, Alfie (the Harper's lodger who arrives as a friend of Nick's two years before) finds a postcard from Nick telling their family that if Alfie turns up claiming to be a friend not to believe him, but they quickly dispose of it. A B-story of the 2010 Christmas special is based around Michael recording a Christmas message to send to Nick.
Janey Harper
Jane Elizabeth Laura Harper (previously Rochester) is the only daughter of Ben and Susan, the younger sister of Nick and the older sister of Michael.  They are vain and is shallow.  They are a shopaholic who is very concerned with their clothes and physical appearance. Much to Ben's dismay, they are sexually promiscuous and becomes pregnant at 18; then chooses to be a single mother and refuses to reveal their son's paternity, to the frustration of their mother. They name the baby Kenzo although their original choice of name was "Prada-Handbag" according to Susan. They later marries Ches Rochester, who is old enough to be their father, but asks for a divorce at their wedding reception. They develop a bad headache when they go without sexual intercourse for more than two weeks at a time: this causes them to become very aroused and to chase after any man they see.
They temporarily leave the cast in series 4 after going to the University of Manchester to study Communications in series 3, from where they drop out during the fifth series and returns to live near the rest of their family. They later becomes a home care assistant, and is bequeathed a flat by a pensioner with Alzheimer's disease who was one of their patients.
Michael Harper
Michael Harper is Ben and Susan's unplanned third and youngest child, the younger brother of Nick and Janey and the uncle of Kenzo.
At the start of the show Michael was a typical 'geek' who is highly intelligent if sometimes naive, and exhibits a strong sense of morality and integrity, attempting to win the election for student president as a conservative or "Tory" by honest means. However, as the show goes on and they mature they become very interested in the opposite sex and develops something of a dark, cynical sense of humour. They have displayed Machiavellian tendencies in their dealing with others and has demonstrated excellent skill as a business person. As a teenager they are usually well-dressed, differing from their more geeky persona at the start of the series. Michael used to have a crush on Abi, their second cousin in series 3.  They are something of a black sheep of the Harper family, differing considerably from their relatives.
As the youngest member of the Harper family, they are at secondary school until series 6. When the eighth series begins, Michael has been at University for six months.  They are also known for being a supporter of the Conservative Party (as opposed to their Labour Party father). Ben likes to refer to them as "Mikey."
Despite showing an interest in several girls throughout the early series, Michael comes out as gay in the second episode of series 10 (“The Son'll Come Out”), first to Ben after coming home drunk then later to Susan. They then tells them that they have been in a relationship with a man for some time, a 25-year-old solicitor called Scott Marsh, who later moves into the Harper residence. Michael is later seen in gay clubs picking up men and giving out their number, suggesting that they and Scott have broken up, but they later get back together.
Roger Bailey
Dr. Roger Bailey, Jr. (born 1981) is the husband of Abi Harper. Roger, a dentist, first appears in "The Second Greatest Story Every Told" (2002), as the son of Ben's dental mentor, Roger Bailey, Snr. Roger's next appearance is in "Fitting Punishment" (2003), when much to Ben's annoyance, they buy the surgery below Ben's. Soon afterwards they fall in love with Abi Harper, Ben's first cousin once removed, and they eventually fall in love with them and they propose in "The Art of Being Susan" (2006). They marry in "Abi Ever After" (2007), with Ben as best man and Janey as bridesmaid. By the start of Series Eight (2008), Roger has become a Special Constable. Roger is frequently depicted as childlike, simple-minded, cheerful and enthusiastic, serving as a direct contrast to Ben.  They are shown in some episodes to be a fan of The Lord of the Rings.
Abi Bailey
Abigail Therese Bernarde "Abi" Bailey (née Harper; born 1979) is Ben's first cousin once removed.
Them father, Richard Harper, is Ben's cousin and they have been married and divorced five times. Them mother, Shelley, has been married and divorced many times too; one parent had a second daughter who is occasionally mentioned. Abi came into the Harper household in the third episode of the third series to stay with them while they were at college. Susan invited them to stay following Janey's departure to University. Although good natured, Abi is very accident-prone, especially in the earlier series, where they put their hand through a window, and hits Ben around the head with a cricket bat, thinking they are an intruder.
They try a variety of different jobs such as a salesperson, a Victorian Hussy at the London Dungeon, and a car mechanic, which leads them to dismantling Ben's car and leaving it in pieces on the kitchen table. Abi has a few boyfriends, before finally falling in love with Roger Bailey and agreeing to marry him. They marry in the seventh series, with Janey as bridesmaid, Ben as best man and Susan as the Maid of honor.  They are a Catholic, and, in the final episode of series eight, they become a nun, and opts to stay with their order rather than to return home with Roger.
Alfie Butts
Alfie Butts (born 1978) is a Welshman who turns up at the house in the 2005 Christmas Special. They say that they are a friend of Nick's, and they subsequently move in with the family.  They are always slow when they move or speaks. A starting musician, they are not very successful in the industry and says that they are not interested in chart success. However, a comment in "Kenzo's Project" suggests that they make and sells albums. In series 7, they collapse during a live music webcast, in an attempt to gain popularity.
While they claim to be a friend of Nick's, a postcard is discovered in series 9 that says, "If a bloke called Alfie Butts turns up claiming to be a mate and says they can stay, do not under any circumstances let them stay", suggesting that they really should not be there.
Kenzo Harper
Kenzo Harper is the son of Janey Harper and Mark Jameson, the grandson of Ben and Susan, the nephew of Nick and Michael, and the apple of Susan's eye.  They are shown to be very intelligent in later series, and can even outwit most members of the family. Kenzo is sometimes embarrassed by their mother, and consequently denies that Janey is their mother; they even once said that they did not like them They also like to play jokes on their family and tries to outsmart them any way they can, once locking their grandfather out of the house for hours. Their uncle Michael said that their mother called them Kenzo after the fashion brand.
Recurring characters
Grace Riggs
Grace Riggs (née Ryman) is Susan's mother, and is often the subject of many arguments between Ben and Susan. They also have an open alcohol problem and is regularly seen dating men. Them last on screen appearance was in 'Susan of Troy', when they revealed that Susan was once married to a wrestler, much to the surprise of Ben. In the series eleven episode, 'A Decent Proposal', Grace's funeral is held. In Grace's first appearance (played by Avril Elgar), the character is credited as "Rebecca".
Brigitte
Brigitte is Ben's dental assistant who only appears in the first series. They often go into moods with Ben for frivolous things and refuses to help and do their job until they apologise, although they do occasionally side with him. They often involve Ben in their many strange endeavours almost always resulting in embarrassment for him.
Others
My Family features several recurring characters, some of the more notable ones are listed below.
References
External links
My Family Series 10 Episode 4
BBC-related lists
Lists of British sitcom television characters
The Carnaval de Ponce (English: Ponce Carnival), officially Carnaval Ponceño, is an annual celebration held in Ponce, Puerto Rico. The celebration lasts one week and it ends on the day before Ash Wednesday. Thus, it is generally held in February and sometimes in March. It is one of the oldest carnivals of the Western Hemisphere, dating back to 1858. Some authorities, such as the Smithsonian Institution, believe the Ponce Carnaval can be traced to as far back as 250 years ago. The Carnaval coincides with the Mardi Gras of New Orleans, the Carnival of Venice, and Rio de Janeiro's Carnival. The estimated attendance is 100,000. Scenes of the 2011 Carnaval Ponceño were featured in the Travel Channel on 7 August 2011.
History
There are no documents stating the official origin of the Carnaval, but there are documents mentioning the celebration as early as 1858. The Carnaval de Ponce thus began in 1858 and was started as a mask dance by a Spaniard by the name of José de la Guardia. The masquerade dance continued as a tradition through the years, but it was not until the 1950s that the municipal government added the parade to the Carnaval. In the early 1960s, the Carnaval began to integrate floats that represented civic and cultural institutions, public and private residential communities, schools, colleges and universities, banking, industry and commerce. The Office of Cultural Development of the Municipality of Ponce explains that “it is believed that the influence of the Nice Carnival extended to Barcelona and that immigrants from Barcelona brought it to Ponce. With the passing of time Poceans have added their own touches with Afro-Antillean music that fills the celebrations with percussion, rhythm and happiness."
In June 1995, Carnaval de Ponce was taken to New York City where, during the Puerto Rican Day Parade, over 200 entertainers, folk artists and musicians from Ponce, in addition to the Banda Municipal de Ponce and the Carnival's Queen and Child Queen, marched down New York's Fifth Avenue as part of that City's Puerto Rican Day Celebration. During the week leading to the Parade, folk artists from the Carnaval de Ponce, toured the City teaching children to make the traditional Ponce carnival's masks. In 2012, a local news weekly called Carnaval de Ponce "Puerto Rico's National Carnival".
Costumes and masks
One of the traditions of the Carnaval is the appearance of the "vejigantes", which is a colorful costume traditionally representing the devil or evil. Vejigantes carry blown cow bladders with which they make sounds and hit carnival attendees throughout the processions.
The traditional vejigante masks of the Ponce carnival are made of paper mache and are characterized by the presence of multiple horns. The mask was developed by Ponce artisans in the early part of the 20th century. They are made from newsprint paper mixed with homemade glue and paint. Sophisticated Ponce carnival masks are sought after by mask collectors and masks from Ponce have become a symbol of Puerto Rico at large.
The Carnaval ends with the Burial of the Sardine, at which point everyone sings a song in Spanish that translates into: The burial of the Sardine event started in 1967. (The Ball Dance was also started in 1967.The burial of the Sardine event started in 1967.
The Carnival is dead now
They are burying him;
Throw just a little dirt in
So they can rise again.
Economics
The municipal government invests close to $100,000 in the Carnival and the event infuses some $500,000 into the city's economy.
List of events
The Carnaval starts on the Wednesday before Ash Wednesday, and the events are as follows.
Wednesday: Vejigantes Party
Thursday: King Momo Entrance Parade
Friday: Crowning of the Child Queen
Saturday: Crowning of the Carnival Adult Queen
Sunday: Main Parade
Monday: Carnival's Ball Dance
Tuesday: Burial of the Sardine
Carnaval queens and child queens
In 1959, the Carnaval introduced the crowning of a Carnaval queen. This was followed, in 1973, with the crowning of a Carnaval child queen. The following are the Carnaval queens and child queens.
Carnaval Queens
Carnaval Child queens
See also
Feria de Artesanías de Ponce
Ponce Jazz Festival
Fiesta Nacional de la Danza
Día Mundial de Ponce
Festival Nacional de la Quenepa
Bienal de Arte de Ponce
Festival de Bomba y Plena de San Antón
Carnaval de Vejigantes
Notes
References
External links
Carnaval information at StudioPorto
Carnaval information at EnCarnaval.com
Al Carnaval de Ponce at Primera Hora
Carnaval information at Puerto Rico Museum of Art
Slide show of the Carnival
SHOPPER'S WORLD; Puerto Rican Carnival Masks. Mark Kurlansky. The New York Times. 1990. (NYT: News about masks, vegigantes, etc.)
February events
March events
Carnivals in Puerto Rico
Annual events in Puerto Rico
Recurring events established in 1858
Festivals in Ponce, Puerto Rico
1858 establishments in Puerto Rico
Events in Ponce, Puerto Rico
The National Socialist Factory Cell Organization (, NSBO or NSBZO) was a workers organization in Nazi Germany.
In 1927, some NSDAP workers in large factories, located mostly in the Berlin area, joined together as an alternative to social democratic and Christian labor unions. The NSBO was established in 1928 by these groups.
On 15 January 1931, the NSBO was declared a "Reichsbetriebszellenabteilung" (German Reich Factory Cell Organization) of the Nazi Party. It began to increase its membership by means of aggressive campaigns, which included both propaganda and violence, under the war-cry: "Hinein in die Betriebe!" (Into the Factories!), which was shortened to "Hib".
The NSBO had overall little success among German organized workers, except in certain regions where they supported strikes, such as the 1932 Berlin transport strike. As a result of the "Hib" campaign, the NSBO increased its membership to only about 300,000 by the end of 1931, while the Democratic and Christian labor unions had still well over 5 million members.
Some sections of the NSBO had an ideology similar to National Bolshevism. They believed that after the "national revolution" occurred, a "social revolution" had to follow, to do away with the existing elites. This attitude earned them sympathies in some places, like in Nordhorn, a textile industrial city in the county of Bentheim, where the NSBO defeated the formerly strong Communist labor unions in the industrial worker council elections in 1933. The NSBO's methods then included using armed violence in order to offset a salary reduction in a particular factory.
After all non-Nazi trade unions were outlawed by decree on 2 May 1933, the NSBO became the only official workers' organization in Germany. This moment of glory, however, was short, for the German Labour Front (DAF) was established a few days later. More organized and better represented at national level, the DAF ended up absorbing the NSBO in 1935.
References
Lore Heer-Kleinert, Die Gewerkschaftspolitik der KPD in der Weimarer Republik, Frankfurt/New York 1983.
1928 establishments in Germany
Nazi Party organizations
1935 disestablishments in Germany
Trade unions established in 1928
Trade unions disestablished in 1935
Economy of Nazi Germany
Defunct trade unions of Germany
Fascist trade unions
Michael Redmond may refer to:
Michael Redmond (comedian) (born 1950), Irish stand-up comedian and actor
Michael Redmond (Go player) (born 1963), American professional Go player
Michael Redmond (politician), Canadian politician
Mike Redmond (born 1971), former Major League Baseball catcher
Mickey Redmond (born 1947), former professional hockey player
Manuel Luis de Oliden (July 19, 1784 – November 15, 1869) was a Bolivian politician and military man.
They were born into a wealthy family in Buenos Aires and after their marriage to Mary Eustacia Amatler – daughter of Governor Intendant of Potosí in 1806 – moved to Upper Peru. They graduated with a Doctor of Law degree from the Royal University of Chuquisaca in 1808. As head of the urban militias of Chuquisaca, they supported the revolution of May 25 of 1809, an insurrection against the governor mayor of the city of Charcas.
1784 births
Politicians from Buenos Aires
Bolivian military personnel
Bolivian politicians
1869 deaths
19th-century Bolivian lawyers
University of Charcas alumni
Elena Ovchinnikova may refer to:
Elena Chebukina (Ovchinnikova), Russian volleyball player
Yelena Ovchinnikova, Russian synchronized swimmer
Klub Sportowy Czuwaj is a sports club from the Polish city of Przemyśl, founded by the scouting movement. Originally a multi-sports club with many sections, only the football and handball sections have survived to date.
History
Origins
The club was founded on 30 March 1918 as a sports club of the scouting movement. The name "Czuwaj" means "Be Vigilant", a scout greeting and motto of the Polish Scouting and Guiding Association. Originally it was a multi-sports club with many sections however few of them have survived very long. In 1922 the club held its first AGM, and the boxing section of the club was founded. In 1931, the handball section was founded, the longest continuously functioning section of the club.
Communist era
The handball section played 11-a-side handball until 1961, until the teams were re-organised and they switched to 7-a-side. In 1947, with the arrival of communism in Poland, the club was under the patronage of the Polish State Railways. This is when the club enjoyed its golden years, reaching an all-time high of 7th place in 1950 in the second division. In 1957 the boxing club was dissolved.
Success and decline
By the end of the 1990s the club ran into serious financial difficulties, despite the handball team reaching their highest ever division, the Ekstraklasa between 1997 and 1999, and the football team reaching the second division for the second time in its history in the 1997/98 season. Both the handball and the football sections were liquidated in 1999 during a general meeting where a vote of 25:21 in favour of liquidating the club was held. A different association reactivated the football team almost immediately under the name "Klub Sportowy Czuwaj". The handball club had to wait till 2007, when it was revived with the help of the city. In 2012, the handball club was given to "A. Fredry Club of the University College of Teachers in Przemysl" ("Klub Uczelnianego Kolegium Nauczycielskiego im. A. Fredry w Przemyślu"), ceasing to be formally part of the club. In 2014 the club formally revived its handball section.
Naming Timeline
1918 – Harcerski Klub Sportowy Czuwaj
1947 – Kolejowy Klub Sportowy Kolejarz
1955 – Kolejowy Klub Sportowy Czuwaj
1999 – Klub Sportowy Czuwaj Przemyśl
Sections of the club
Acrobatics (defunct)
Archery (defunct)
Association football (1918–1999, 1999–present)
Athletics (defunct)
Basketball (defunct)
Boxing (1922–1957)
Canoeing (defunct)
Chess (defunct)
Contract bridge (defunct)
Cycling (defunct)
Fencing (defunct)
Field hockey (defunct)
Gymnastics (defunct)
Handball
Men's (1931–1999, 2007–2012, 2014–)
Women's 7-a-side (defunct)
Ice hockey (defunct)
Motorcycle club (defunct)
Sailing (defunct)
Shooting sports (defunct)
Skiing (defunct)
Sports tourism (defunct)
Swimming (defunct)
Table Tennis (defunct)
Tennis (defunct)
Volleyball
Men's (defunct)
Women's (defunct)
Water sports (defunct)
Honours
Scout Champions – 1924
Rivalries
The club has a fierce rivalry with neighbours Polonia Przemyśl.
Notable players
Internationally capped players
Andrejs Prohorenkovs
External links
90minut.pl profile
Official club site
History of Czuwaj Przemyśl
Football clubs in Poland
Sport clubs established in 1918
Multi-sport clubs in Poland
Lwów District Football League
Polish handball clubs
Football clubs in Podkarpackie Voivodeship
Przemyśl
Association football clubs established in 1918
Czuwaj Przemyśl
Grace Chu is a Hong Kong international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Chu was selected as part of the five woman team by Hong Kong for the 2008 World Outdoor Bowls Championship, which was held in Christchurch, New Zealand.
They won a triples gold medal (with Camilla Leung and Elizabeth Li), at the 2005 Asia Pacific Bowls Championships, held in Melbourne. They then followed this up with two bronze medals at the next two editions of the Championships.
References
Hong Kong female bowls players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
James FitzJames may refer to:
James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick (1670–1734)
James Fitzjames (27 July 1813 – after 22 April 1848), British naval officer
James Fitzjames Duff, English educator
James Fitzjames Stephen, English lawyer and judge
See also
Juventus Atlético Clube, commonly known as Juventus, is a Brazilian football club based in Santa Rosa, Rio Grande do Sul state.
History
The club was founded on March 12, 1951. The club closed its football department in the 1970s, only reopening it in 1997 to compete in the Campeonato Gaúcho Second Level.
Stadium
Juventus Atlético Clube play their home games at Estádio Municipal Carlos Denardin. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 3,500 people.
References
Association football clubs established in 1951
Football clubs in Rio Grande do Sul
1951 establishments in Brazil
Hitomi Satō may refer to:
, Japanese actor
, Japanese table tennis player
Cathedral of Saint Thomas may refer to:
India
Catholic
St. Thomas Syro-Malabar Cathedral, Kalyan
St. Thomas Cathedral, Balharshah
St. Thomas Cathedral, Pala
St Thomas Cathedral & Bishop House, Irinjalakuda
Anglican
St. Thomas Cathedral, Mumbai
Orthodox Syrian
St. Thomas Cathedral, Thottamon, Kerala
Sri Lanka
St. Thomas' Cathedral, Vaddukoddai
Venezuela
St. Thomas Cathedral, Ciudad Bolívar
United States
Mar Thoma Shleeha Cathedral (Bellwood, Illinois)
Cathedral of Saint Thomas (Reno)
Yann Poulard (born 17 June 1969) is a Swiss former footballer who played in the late 1980s and the 1990s as defender. Poulard is businessman and co-founder of Cinco Solutions International, a firm specialised in recruitment of human resources.
Football career
Poulard advanced to FC Lausanne-Sport's first team in the 1988–89 Nationalliga A season. But during three seasons they only came to four appearances so they were loaned out to ES FC Malley one division lower. During this one-year loan period Poulard was a regular starter and as they returned to Lausanne they became regular starter as well. Poulard played for Lausanne another three seasons before moving on to play one season for SR Delémont.
Poulard joined FC Basel's first team for their 1996–97 FC Basel season under head-coach Karl Engel. After playing in two test matches and two games in the UEFA Intertoto Cup Poulard played their domestic league debut for the club in the away game on 10 July 1996 as Basel won 1–0 against Aarau.
During their one season with the club, Poulard played a total of 26 games for Basel without scoring a goal. 19 of these games were in the Nationalliga A, four in the UEFA Intertoto Cup and three were friendly games.
Following their time with Basel, Poulard moved on and signed for FC Stade Nyonnais, who at that time played in the 1st League, the third tier of Swiss football. At the end of the 1997–98 season Poulard won promotion with their new club. They were the Group 1 champions and in the play-offs won 2–1 on aggregate against FC Münsingen and in the next round both games against SV Muttenz. Poulard stayed with Stade Nyonnais for another six months and then retired from professional football.
Private life
Following their football career, Poulard worked 15 years as regionaldirektor and key account manager for a firm based in Renens assigning temporary employees and then over four years for a firm in human resources based Vevey.  They are a business person and co-founder of Cinco Solutions International, a firm specialised in recruitment of human resources.
References
Sources
Die ersten 125 Jahre. Publisher: Josef Zindel im Friedrich Reinhardt Verlag, Basel.
Verein "Basler Fussballarchiv" Homepage
FC Lausanne-Sport players
SR Delémont players
FC Basel players
FC Stade Nyonnais players
Swiss footballers
Association football defenders
Swiss Super League players
1969 births
Living people
People from Morges
Sportspeople from the canton of Vaud
Allen Francis Veigel (January 30, 1917 – April 8, 2012) was a Major League Baseball starting pitcher, born in Dover, Ohio, who played for the Boston Bees during the 1939 season. Listed at , , they batted and threw right-handed.
In a one-season career, Veigel posted a 0–1 record with a 6.75 ERA in two appearances, giving up six runs (four unearned) on three hits and five walks while striking out one in 2 innings of work.
During World War II, Veigel served in the Army Air Force. After the war, they had a career in sales. They continued to be involved in sports as a high school and college basketball referee.
Veigel died in the city of their birth on April 8, 2012, aged 95.
See also
1939 Boston Bees season
References
External links
Boston Bees players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from Ohio
People from Dover, Ohio
1917 births
2012 deaths
Tselinograd District (, ) is the district that surrounds the city and country capital of Astana in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Akmol. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
Agachaul (; , Agaç-aul) is a rural locality (a selo) in Karabudakhkentsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,811 as of 2010. There are 22 streets.
Nationalities
Kumyks live there.
Geography
Agachaul is located 39 km northwest of Karabudakhkent (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novy Kyakhulay and Talgi are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Karabudakhkentsky District
Namibia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
The Team
Prior to the team leaving for Rio, they visited the Namibia Sport Commission. The team departed for Rio on August 29. The team included 9 athletes, 4 guides and 7 officials. The team's Chef de Mission was Nicklaus Nghumoono. The team manager was Iitwayi Johannes. The team administrator was Memory Kahlari. The flag bearer was Johanna Benson. Benson won the country's first Paralympic gold and silver medal.
Funding and support
The Ministry of Sport, Youth and National Service in Namibia was expected to fund several intensive training camps in preparation for Rio. The Paralympic movement in the country is largely dependent on the government for financial and other support, as the private sector has not contributed much to Paralympic sportspeople's efforts. Additional private funding for the national team came from Coca-Cola, Seaflower and Miss Namibia 2015.
Athlete Ananias Shikongo raised funds through a personal crowd funding campaign to finance their preparation.
Promotional events to support Paralympic efforts were scheduled to take place around the country in the lead up to Rio.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
Namibia finished seventh among all African countries on the gold medal table with 1 gold. They had 2 silvers and 2 bronzes to finish with 5 total medals.
Athletics
One of the major target sports for Namibia to qualify for the Rio Paralympics was athletics. Athletes prepped for qualification and potential inclusion on the 2016 Games team by competing in the 2015 All African Games. Athletes the expected by Namibia Paralympics Committee to qualify for Rio included Lahja Ishitile, a bronze medalist at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, Johannes Nambala, who won a gold medal in the men's T13 400m at the 2013 IPC Athletics World Championships, and visually impaired short-distance runner Ananias Shikongo.
Lahja Ishitile, Johannes Nambala, Elias Ndimulunde, Rosa Manjoro, Ananias Shikongo, Reginald Benade, and Martin Aloysius all attended the 2015 All African Games and the 2015 IPC Athletics World Championships as part of Rio qualification efforts.
Johanna Benson was a member of the Rio team, scheduled to compete in the T37 100m, 400m and long jump events. Benson had won their country's first ever Paralympic gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. Johannes Nambala was selected for the team after becoming the world champion in the T13 200m event. Ananias Shikongo was also selected for the Rio Games. They won 3 gold medals at the African Games. Lahja Ishitile was selected to Rio after having medaled at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. Martin Aloysius was selected to compete in the T12 400 meters. Elias Ndimulunde was scheduled to compete in the T46 100m and 400m events. Moses Tobias was scheduled to compete in the T11 100m and 400m events. The guides for athletics included Sam Shimanda, David Ndeilenge, Even Tjiviju and Andre Oberholster. The Rio team was coached by Michael Hamukwaya, with Ivon Perez serving as the assistant coach.
Men
Track
Field
Women
Track
Field
Powerlifting
Ruben Soroseb was part of the Namibia delegation in Rio, competing in powerlifting. The national team coach was Ndamian Ndengu.
Swimming
Gideon Nasilowski was part of the Namibia delegation in Rio, competing in swimming. The swimming team manager was Sonia Lindemeier.
See also
Namibia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
Paralympics
Osakarov District (, ) is a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Osakarovka. The district had a population of 31,243 as of 2019.
The name of the district comes from the (a lot of snow), because of the natural features of the district.
History
During the industrialization of the Soviet Union in the 1930s, the central regions of the Kazakh SSR developed large coal and metallurgic industries, as well as large collective farms. On December 28, 1940, the Supreme Soviet of the Kazakh SSR passed a decree creating the Osakarov District. At the time of the decree, the newly formed Osakarov District comprised nearly 40 collective farms and a handful of villages. These farms largely grew various cereals, but were also home to cattle, sheep, horses, pigs, and poultry farming. Upon the outbreak of World War II, over 6,000 people in the district went to fight on the Eastern Front, 7 female Komsomol brigades took up work in their absence, and the district's furniture and record factory were converted into producing various equipment parts and linens for the front line effort. As part of the Virgin Lands campaign, a number of new farms were formed in the district during the 1950s and 1960s.
In 1993, 2002, and 2004, a number of villages in the district were had their names changed from Russian-derived names to Kazakh-derived names.
Demographics
The district reported 31,243 inhabitants as of 2019. Previously, the district's reported populations were and
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Karaganda Region
The Secășița is a right tributary of the river Miniș in Romania. It flows into the Miniș near Secaș. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Timiș County
Rivers of Arad County
The 1928 Michigan gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 1928. Incumbent Republican Fred W. Green defeated Democratic nominee William Comstock with 69.94% of the vote.
General election
Candidates
Major party candidates
Fred W. Green, Republican
William Comstock, Democratic
Other candidates
Guy H. Lockwood, Socialist
Ervin D. Brooks, Prohibition
William Reynolds, Communist
Paul Dinger, Socialist Labor
Results
References
1928
Michigan
Gubernatorial
November 1928 events in the United States
Oleg Borisovich Kuzhlev (; born 12 August 1966) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Top League in 1983 for FC Spartak Moscow.
They played 1 game for the main FC Dynamo Moscow squad in the USSR Federation Cup.
Personal life
Their son Oleg Olegovich Kuzhlev also played football professionally.
Honours
Soviet Top League champion: 1987.
Soviet Top League runner-up: 1983, 1984, 1985.
Soviet Top League bronze: 1986.
Soviet Cup winner: 1992.
Russian Premier League champion: 1992.
European club competitions
With FC Spartak Moscow.
UEFA Cup 1986–87: 4 games, 1 goal.
European Cup 1988–89: 2 games.
European Cup Winners' Cup 1992–93: 1 game.
References
1966 births
Sportspeople from Krasnoyarsk
Living people
Soviet footballers
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
Soviet expatriate footballers
Russian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Czechoslovakia
Expatriate footballers in Tunisia
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in Belarus
Russian expatriate sportspeople in China
Russian expatriate sportspeople in Belarus
FC Spartak Moscow players
FC Dynamo Moscow players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
MŠK Žilina players
Étoile Sportive du Sahel players
FC Yugra Nizhnevartovsk players
Pudong Zobon players
FC Dynamo Brest players
Russian football managers
Cameraria chambersella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Illinois and Texas in the United States.
The larvae feed on Quercus species. They mine the leaves of their host plant.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Moths of North America
Lepidoptera of the United States
Moths described in 1889
Leaf miners
Taxa named by Thomas de Grey, 6th Baron Walsingham
Acrolepia corticosa is a moth of the family Acrolepiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1913. It is found in Sri Lanka.
References
Moths described in 1913
Acrolepiidae
Brian Robert Cheffins, is a Canadian legal academic. They have been since 1998 S.J. Berwin Professor of Corporate Law at the University of Cambridge and a fellow of Trinity Hall, Cambridge. Previously they were a professor at the University of British Columbia.
Early life
They studied history at the University of Victoria, graduating with a B.A. in 1982. Cheffins went to law school at the University of Victoria, graduating with an LL.B. in 1984. They became a member of the Bar of British Columbia in 1985. Cheffins then studied at the University of Cambridge, graduating with an LL.M. in 1986.
Academic career
In 1986 Cheffins was appointed as an assistant professor at the Faculty of Law at the University of British Columbia. They were promoted to associate professor in 1991 and professor in 1997.
Cheffins moved to the University of Cambridge in 1998 to become the S.J Berwin Professor of Corporate Law. That year they were elected as a fellow at Trinity Hall, Cambridge. Cheffins was a J.M. Keynes Fellow in financial economics from 2014 to 2018. They served as chair of University of Cambridge Law Faculty in 2018-19.
Cheffins has held a number of visiting academic appointments, including visiting professorships at Harvard Law School (2002) and Columbia Law School (2016) and the Thomas K. McCraw Fellowship in US Business History at Harvard Business School (2014).
Honours
Cheffins was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2002. They were awarded a Leverhulme Trust Major Research Fellowship in 2015 that was tenable from 2016 to 2018.
In July 2018, Cheffins was elected a Fellow of the British Academy (FBA), the United Kingdom's national academy for the humanities and social sciences.
Major works
References
Living people
Academics of the University of Cambridge
Legal scholars of the University of Cambridge
Fellows of Trinity Hall, Cambridge
Fellows of the British Academy
Year of birth missing (living people)
Canadian legal scholars
Peter A. Allard School of Law faculty
University of Victoria Faculty of Law alumni
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Parkview/Woodbrook is a neighborhood in west Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
West Baltimore
Mungwi District is a district of Zambia, located in Northern Province. The capital lies at Mungwi. As of the 2000 Zambian Census, the district had a population of 112,977 people.
References
Districts of Northern Province, Zambia
Christian S. Johansson (born May 9, 1972) is a Swedish-American government official in Maryland. With Maryland State Senate advice and consent, Governor Martin O'Malley appointed Johansson as Secretary of the Maryland Department of Business and Economic Development (DBED) on April 9, 2009, after Johansson had served as DBED's Acting Secretary from January 30 – April 9, 2009. In 2010, Johansson was recognized as an Innovator of the Year by The Daily Record for having "a positive effect and tremendous impact in Maryland" and a Special Advocate at the Top 100 Minority Business Enterprise Awards.
Early life, education and career
Johansson, whose mother, Fannie Gaston-Johansson is African- and Native-American and father, Sonny Johansson, is Swedish, was born in Mölndal, Sweden, making their background both multicultural and international. Johansson spent their childhood in Sweden before returning to the U.S. to complete their education. After graduating from Creighton Preparatory School in Omaha, Nebraska, in 1991, Johansson earned a bachelor's degree in Biology from Brown University in 1995 and started their first company directly out of college. They later received a Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard University in 2002.
Prior to a brief role as Managing Director with Continental Equity, Johansson served for five years as the CEO of the Economic Alliance of Greater Baltimore. When they were selected at age 31, they were one of the youngest in the nation to run a top 20 regional economic development organization. Before joining the Economic Alliance, while in Boston, Johansson was Senior Consultant for the Sag Harbor Group. In 1999, they founded and served as CEO of Inka.net, a venture-backed CRM enterprise software company. In 1995, they founded Dola Health Systems, a medical assessment and consulting company which had operations in Baltimore, Maryland and Stockholm, Sweden.
Secretary of Business and Economic Development
During their tenure, the Department re-launched the Maryland Economic Development Commission, and helped create and execute the Federal Facilities Advisory Board, International Advisory Council, and the Governor's Commission on Small Business. Johansson also helped to craft federal legislation for a $1.5 billion credit provision to the Small Business Jobs Act to expand small business loan guarantee programs nationwide and testified before the House Committee on Financial Services on the issue. Consequently, they joined Governor Martin O'Malley when President Barack Obama signed the bill into law.
Johansson believes in supporting small businesses and leveraging the state's competitive advantages such as its highly educated workforce and strong federal presence. In March 2011 as Maryland started to emerge from the recession, they stated that "any recovery is dependent on small businesses." The state's public education system was ranked best in the country from 2008-2010 and 15.4 percent of Marylanders held advanced degrees in 2008, 2nd best in the country. Additionally, more than 50 federal facilities and 12 major military installations are based in Maryland. With these advantages, Johansson focused on attracting and expanding high technology industries such as biotechnology and aerospace and is working with private partners to brand the state as a hub for cybersecurity.
To stimulate investment in growing companies, they helped to develop InvestMaryland, an administrative and legislative initiative that will raise investment funds by auctioning tax credits to insurance companies. The program, which passed during the state's 2011 legislative session, is expected to boost venture capital by more than $70 million for qualified Maryland start-up companies. Johansson stated in an interview that the program could create thousands of jobs and "unlock millions, if not billions of private capital in companies" with the goal of creating the next Under Armour or Google.
Johansson inherited the job in early 2009 during a difficult time when the agency was facing a nearly 10 percent spending reduction in the Governor's proposed budget and a $2 billion Maryland budget reduction. Preliminary results show that Maryland's economy is recovering after Johansson took office. A "New and Expanding Businesses in Maryland 2010" report released by the Department on March 3, 2011 showed 364 projects in the state were announced in 2010, a 25 percent increase from 2009. The report also stated that Maryland businesses planned to make more than $4 billion in capital investment and add more than 15,000 jobs.
Notable boards, commissions and honors
Johansson serves as a board member for the Carson Scholars Fund. In their position as DBED Secretary, they serve on numerous state boards and commissions, including the Governor's Subcabinet for International Affairs, the Maryland Economic Development Commission, Federal Facilities Advisory Board and many others specified in the Maryland Manual. Johansson was also an advisor to President-elect Barack Obama's transition team in 2008-09 and a member of President Obama's Executive Committee for Urban and Metropolitan Policy.
Cited as one of the Baltimore Business Journal's "40 Under 40" emerging leaders in 2003, Johansson is married and lives in Baltimore City with their wife and daughter.
References
External links
ChooseMaryland.org
Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley
Maryland.gov
Maryland Office of Tourism
Economic Alliance of Greater Baltimore
Maryland Manual Online
1972 births
Living people
State cabinet secretaries of Maryland
Swedish emigrants to the United States
American people who self-identify as being of Native American descent
Harvard Business School alumni
Brown University alumni
Swedish people of African-American descent
African-American government officials
African-American businesspeople
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
Businesspeople from Omaha, Nebraska
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
In the mathematical theory of artificial neural networks, universal approximation theorems are results that establish the density of an algorithmically generated class of functions within a given function space of interest. Typically, these results concern the approximation capabilities of the feedforward architecture on the space of continuous functions between two Euclidean spaces, and the approximation is with respect to the compact convergence topology.
However, there are also a variety of results between non-Euclidean spaces and other commonly used architectures and, more generally, algorithmically generated sets of functions, such as the convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture, radial basis-functions, or neural networks with specific properties. Most universal approximation theorems can be parsed into two classes. The first quantifies the approximation capabilities of neural networks with an arbitrary number of artificial neurons ("arbitrary width" case) and the second focuses on the case with an arbitrary number of hidden layers, each containing a limited number of artificial neurons ("arbitrary depth" case).
Universal approximation theorems imply that neural networks can represent a wide variety of interesting functions when given appropriate weights. On the other hand, they typically do not provide a construction for the weights, but merely state that such a construction is possible.
History
One of the first versions of the arbitrary width case was proven by George Cybenko in 1989 for sigmoid activation functions. Kurt Hornik, Maxwell Stinchcombe, and Halbert White showed in 1989 that multilayer feed-forward networks with as few as one hidden layer are universal approximators. Hornik also showed in 1991 that it is not the specific choice of the activation function but rather the multilayer feed-forward architecture itself that gives neural networks the potential of being universal approximators. Moshe Leshno et al in 1993 and later Allan Pinkus in 1999 showed that the universal approximation property is equivalent to having a nonpolynomial activation function.
The arbitrary depth case was also studied by a number of authors, such as Dimirty Yarotsky, Zhou Lu et al in 2017, Boris Hanin and Mark Sellke in 2018, and Patrick Kidger and Terry Lyons in 2020. The result minimal width per layer was refined in 2020 for residual networks.
Several extensions of the theorem exist, such as to discontinuous activation functions, noncompact domains, certifiable networks,
random neural networks, and alternative network architectures and topologies.
Arbitrary-width case
The classical form of the universal approximation theorem for arbitrary width and bounded depth is as follows. It extends the classical results of George Cybenko and Kurt Hornik.
Universal approximation theorem: Let denote the set of continuous functions from to . Let . Note that , so denotes applied to each component of .
Then is not polynomial if and only if for every , , compact , there exist , , , such that
where
Such an can also be approximated by a network of greater depth by using the same construction for the first layer and approximating the identity function with later layers.
Arbitrary-depth case
The 'dual' versions of the theorem consider networks of bounded width and arbitrary depth. A variant of the universal approximation theorem was proved for the arbitrary depth case by Zhou Lu et al. in 2017. They showed that networks of width n+4 with ReLU activation functions can approximate any Lebesgue integrable function on n-dimensional input space with respect to distance if network depth is allowed to grow. It was also shown that if the width was less than or equal to n, this general expressive power to approximate any Lebesgue integrable function was lost. In the same paper it was shown that ReLU networks with width n+1 were sufficient to approximate any continuous function of n-dimensional input variables. The following refinement, specifies the optimal minimum width for which such an approximation is possible and is due to.
Universal approximation theorem (L1 distance, ReLU activation, arbitrary depth, minimal width). For any Bochner–Lebesgue p-integrable function and any , there exists a fully-connected ReLU network of width exactly , satisfying
.
Moreover, there exists a function and some , for which there is no fully-connected ReLU network of width less than satisfying the above approximation bound.
Quantitative Refinement: In the case where, when and and where is the ReLU activation function then, the exact depth and width for a ReLU network to achive error is also known. If, moreover, the target function is smooth then the required number of layer and their width can be exponentially smaller. Even if is not smooth, the curse of dimensionality can be broken if f admits additional "compositional structure".
Together, the central result of yields the following universal approximation theorem for networks with bounded width.
Universal approximation theorem (Uniform non-affine activation, arbitrary depth, constrained width). Let be a compact subset of . Let be any non-affine continuous function which is continuously differentiable at at least one point, with nonzero derivative at that point. Let denote the space of feed-forward neural networks with input neurons, output neurons, and an arbitrary number of hidden layers each with neurons, such that every hidden neuron has activation function and every output neuron has the identity as its activation function, with input layer , and output layer . Then given any and any , there exists such that
In other words, is dense in with respect to the topology of uniform convergence.
Quantitative Refinement: The number of layers and the width of each layer required to approximate f to precision known; moreover, the result hold true when and are replaced with any non-positively curved Riemannian manifold.
Certain necessary conditions for the bounded width, arbitrary depth case have been established, but there is still a gap between the known sufficient and necessary conditions.
Graph input
Achieving useful universal function approximation on graphs (or rather on graph isomorphism classes) has been a longstanding problem. The popular graph convolutional neural networks (GCNs or GNNs) can be made as discriminative as the Weisfeiler–Leman graph isomorphism test. In 2020, a universal approximation theorem result was established by Brüel-Gabrielsson, showing that graph representation with certain injective properties is sufficient for universal function approximation on bounded graphs and restricted universal function approximation on unbounded graphs, with an accompanying #edges#nodes-runtime method that performed at state of the art on a collection of benchmarks.
Quantum computing
Quantum neural networks can be expressed by different mathematical tools for circuital quantum computers, ranging from quantum perceptron to variational quantum circuits, both based on combinations of quantum logic gates. Variational quantum circuits are based on a parametric circuit, not involving neural networks. Instead, the quantum perceptron enables the design of quantum neural network with the same structure of feed forward neural networks, provided that the threshold behaviour of each node does not involve the collapse of the quantum state, i.e. no measurement process. In 2022 such measurement-free building block providing the activation function behaviour for quantum neural networks has been designed.
The quantum circuit returns arbitrary approximation of squashing functions in the interval from -1 to +1 which is relevant for qubits. Such method to design arbitrary quantum activation functions enables quantum multi-perceptrons and quantum feed-forward neural networks in general.
See also
Kolmogorov–Arnold representation theorem
Representer theorem
No free lunch theorem
Stone–Weierstrass theorem
Fourier series
References
Theorems in analysis
Artificial neural networks
Network architecture
Networks
Earl George Lawrence (1946–2003), also known as George Faith, Earl George and George Earl, was a Jamaican reggae singer best known for their work in the 1970s with producers such as Lee "Scratch" Perry and Bunny Lee.
Biography
Born in Rae Town, Lawrence was the son of a barber and a factory cook. Their singing talent was first noted as a member of the school choir. They made their recording debut in 1970 with "See Me," produced by Clancy Eccles. In the early 1970s they worked with singer/producer Glen Lee, recording "Green Hills, I Won't Cry" and "Gonna Give Them All The Love I've Got". During the mid-1970s they were approached by Lee Perry, who ran a record shop a few doors away from Lee's studio, and under the name "George Earl" recorded a cover of William Bell's "To Be A Lover". This was followed by "Soulful Lover", "Since I Met You Baby" and "Island in the Sun" for producer Lloyd Campbell, and "Love Is Something", "So Many Ways" and "Love Depression" for Phil Pratt.
Lawrence recorded eight tracks with Perry, all covers of American soul and pop hits, at the Black Ark studio. These recordings took around eight months, which prompted Perry to suggest a stage name for George, telling them "You have a lot of faith. You should change your name to George Faith". As a result of Perry's deal with Island Records, the first record to be credited to "George Faith" was released in July 1977. "To Be a Lover" was issued on Island's Black Swan label, and proved more popular than any of the previous Jamaican versions of the song. The Jamaican release of the disco (12-inch single) featured a mix lasting nearly twelve minutes. Island issued "I've Got The Groove" as a follow-up, and a third disco 45 was issued later with George's cover of Wilson Pickett's "Midnight Hour". The productions by Lee "Scratch" Perry were collected together for George Faith's debut album, To Be a Lover, also released in Jamaica under the title Super Eight. The album proved popular, and a further single, "Opportunity" was released in February 1978.
Lawrence recorded a second album with Perry at the Black Ark in 1978, Working on the Guideline, although the album was not released, with only a few tracks being released, the singles "Guideline" and "Don't Be Afraid", Lawrence now recording original material with more "conscious" themes. Lawrence was also due to go on a tour that Perry was arranging with Island Records, but the plans were shelved in the midst of the erratic behaviour of Perry that would eventually lead to the destruction of the Black Ark.
Also in 1978, Lawrence recorded an album with Phil Pratt, One & Only, credited to "Earl George" and issued on the Trojan Records subsidiary Burning Sounds. They also recorded for Alvin Ranglin, these tracks issued in 1979 as the album Loving Something. They then recorded an album for Bunny Lee, Soulful, which took a similar approach to their first album and featured new versions of "To Be a Lover" and "Turn Back The Hands of Time". They again worked with Ranglin in the early 1980s on the Since I Met You Baby album. After living in Canada for a few years, they returned to the Jamaican recording scene in 1986, and released another album, Sings For Lovers Only in 1987.
Lawrence died in 2003 from cancer.
Discography
Albums
Super Eight (1977) Black Art, also issued as To Be a Lover (1978) Island/Black Swan
One & Only (1978) Burning Sounds
Soulful (1979) Hollywood
Loving Something (1979) GG's
Since I Met You Baby (1982) GG's
Happy Anniversary (1986)
Sings for Lovers Only (1987) Nighthawk
Just the Blues (1993) Studio One
Rock for Lovers (1998) Nyam Up
Reggae Got Soul (1999) Charly
Reggae's Love & Affection (2002) Clocktower
Together Forever (1999), Joe Frasier – Marie Baines & George Faith
Straight to the Heart (2006), EAD
Singles
"See Me" (1970)
"Green Hills, I Won't Cry" (1973)
"Gonna Give Them All The Love I've Got" (1973)
"To Be a Lover" (1974)
""Soulful Lover" (197?)
"Since I Met You Baby" (197?)
"Island in the Sun" (197?)
"Love Is Something" (197?)
"So Many Ways" (197?)
"Love Depression" (197?)
"To Be a Lover (Have Mercy)" (1977) Island/Black Swan
"Midnight Hour" (1977) island/Black Swan
"All the Love I've Got" (1977) Island/Black Swan
"I've Got the Groove" (1978) Island/Black Swan
"Opportunity" (1978) Island
"Guideline" (1978)
"Don't Be Afraid" (1978) Upsetter
"So Many Ways" (1978) Sunshot
"Don't Be Afraid" (Discomix) (1979) Warrior
"I Would Be Telling You a Lie" (1979) GG's
"Sam Stone" (1979) GG's
"Gipsy Woman"
"I'm So Glad" (1979) Black & White
"Follow Jah" (1979) Justice
"What to Do" (1980) Paradise...
"Give Me Music" (1981) Nura
"Stealing Love" GG's
"Say You Say Me" Top Rank
"Old Fashioned Love" (1984)
"Ordinary Girl" (1988) Pickout
"Loving Someone" (1988)
"Need to Belong to Someone" (1988) Bunny Lee
"On My Own" Joe Frasier (with Marie Baines)
"The End of the World" Studio One
"Ask Her" Arrows
"Lavender Blue" (1996)
References
External links
George Faith at Roots Archives
Planer, Lindsay "[ To Be a Lover Review]", Allmusic, Macrovision Corporation
Jamaican reggae musicians
1946 births
2003 deaths
The foil event for professionals involved 61 fencers from 7 nations. It was held from 22 to 29 May. The event as won by Lucien Mérignac, as France swept the top three places. Alphonse Kirchhoffer and Jean-Baptiste Mimiague were second and third, respectively.
Background
This was the second and final appearance of the event. Fencing masters were an exception to the amateurs-only nature of the early Olympics. Masters fencing was held as an Olympic event in 1896 (men's foil only) and 1900 (all three weapons for men, as well as a special event in épée that pitted the top professionals against the top amateurs). By 1904, only amateur events were conducted.
Competition format
The event used a five-round format (four main rounds and a repechage). For the first three rounds (round 1, quarterfinals, repechage) the round consisted of the fencers being paired and fighting a single bout; jury evaluations of skill rather than the match results were used to determine advancement. The last two rounds (semifinals and finals) used round-robin pool play with actual results counting toward placement. Standard foil rules were used, including that touches had to be made with the tip of the foil, the target area was limited to the torso, and priority determined the winner of double touches.
Round 1: The 61 fencers paired off and faced a single opponent in one bout. The jury selected 45 fencers to advance to the quarterfinals.
Quarterfinals: The 45 fencers were paired off again. The jury selected 10 fencers for the semifinals. All the rest went to the repchage.
Repechage: The 35 fencers were paired. The jury selected 6 of them to advance.
Semifinals: The 16 fencers from the quarterfinals and repechage were divided into two pools of 8 fencers each. Each pool played a round robin. The top four fencers in each semifinal pool advanced to the final, while the bottom four fencers went to a classification 9–16 final.
Finals: There was a main final (top 4 from each semifinal) and a classification 9–16 final (bottom 4 from each semifinal). Each was conducted as a round-robin.
Schedule
Results
Round 1
Held on 22 May and 23 May, the masters foil used jury verdicts on art and skill in the bout rather than winning or losing to advance to the second round.
Quarterfinals
The second round also used jury verdicts to determine advancement from the second round, held on 24 May. The top 10 fencers received automatic qualification to the semifinals while the rest competed in a repechage.
Repechage
The repechage on 25 May was also conducted by jury selection following bouts. 6 fencers advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals
The 16 remaining fencers were divided into two pools of 8. They competed in round-robin tournaments on 27 May and 28 May, with the top four in each pool advancing to the final. The others played in the consolation pool.
Semifinal A
Semifinal B
Finals
Classification 9–16
The consolation pool was held on 29 May. The bottom four fencers from each of the semifinals competed for 9th through 16th places.
Final
The final was conducted on 29 May. The format was a round-robin among the top 8 fencers. Ties were broken by an extra bout (ignoring the head-to-head results of the fencers during the round-robin).
Notes
Fencing at the 1900 Summer Olympics
Barbara Dean Stewart (September 17, 1941 – August 5, 2011) was an American composer and musician, known for their work on the kazoo, both in those fields and as a speaker, researcher, and author. They appeared on The Tonight Show and performed at Carnegie Hall. Stewart was the founder of the group Kazoophony, and was called a "kazoo virtuoso". They were the author of The Complete How-To Kazoo.
References
1941 births
2011 deaths
American women composers
American women non-fiction writers
Musicians from Rochester, New York
21st-century American women
Senator Adelman may refer to:
David I. Adelman (born 1964), Georgia State Senate
Lynn Adelman (born 1939), Wisconsin State Senate
Josiah Boydell (18 January 1752 – 27 March 1817) was a British publisher and painter, whose main achievement was the establishment of the Boydell Shakespeare Gallery with their uncle, John Boydell.
Biography
Boydell was born in Hawarden, Flintshire, the fourth child of a farmer, Samuel Boydell (1727–1783), and their wife Ann, née Turner (1725–1764). In 1766, at the age of 14, they moved to London to begin their seven-year apprenticeship to Samuel's brother, John Boydell. While an apprentice, they learned to paint from Benjamin West and mezzotint engraving from Richard Earlom.
After completing their apprenticeship, they continued to work closely with John Boydell, making some engravings themselves and drawing scenes for others. They also exhibited at the Royal Academy between 1772 and 1779. One of their major early tasks was to draw the picture collection of Sir Robert Walpole at Houghton Hall, Norfolk prior to the export of the pictures to Catherine the Great of Russia. Boydell worked on this project with Joseph and George Farington. While in Norfolk, they met and (on 6 December 1774) married Jane North, the daughter of Sir Roger North.
Josiah and Jane had several children. One son, John North Boydell, was later involved in the family's publishing company.
Artistic works
This partial list is based largely on Fagan.
Paintings
Portrait of Alderman John Boydell (exhibited at the Royal Academy, 1772)
Portrait of Jane North in the character of Juno (exhibited at the Royal Academy, 1776)
Portrait of Josiah and Jane Boydell (exhibited at the Royal Academy, 1776)
Paintings and drawings for the Shakespeare Gallery
For the Folio, Volume II
Prince Henry Taking the Crown, from Henry IV, Part 2 (Act IV, scene 4)
Prince Henry's Apology, from Henry IV, Part 2 (Act IV, scene 4)
a scene from Henry VI, Part 1 (Act II, scene 4)
a scene from Henry VI, Part 3 (Act II, scene 5)
Desdemona Asleep from Othello (Act V, scene 2)
For the Illustrated Edition, Volume VI
Henry VI, Part 1 (Act II, scene 4)
For the Illustrated Edition, Volume IX
Desdemona Asleep, from Othello (Act V, scene 2)
Engravings
frontispiece to Liber Veritatis (25 March 1777, a self-portrait by Claude Lorrain)
Charles I (1778, after Van Dyck)
Jane Wenman (1779, after Van Dyck)
Notes
Bibliography
Fagan, L.A., rev. Vivienne W. Painting. "Josiah Boydell (1752–1817)". Oxford Dictionary of National Biography. Oxford University Press. 2004. Retrieved on 17 January 2008. .
1752 births
1817 deaths
18th-century English painters
English male painters
19th-century English painters
English publishers (people)
People from Hawarden
19th-century English male artists
The seventh season of The Real Housewives of New York City, an American reality television series, is broadcast on Bravo. It aired April 7, 2015 until September 3, 2015, and is primarily filmed in New York City, New York. Its executive producers are Andrew Hoegl, Barrie Bernstein, Lisa Shannon, Pam Healy and Andy Cohen.
The Real Housewives of New York City focuses on the lives of Luann de Lesseps, Bethenny Frankel, Ramona Singer, Sonja Morgan, Carole Radziwill, Heather Thomson, Kristen Taekman and Dorinda Medley. It consisted of 23 episodes.
Production and crew
It was announced that The Real Housewives of New York City was renewed for a seventh season on October 20, 2014 when it was revealed that former housewife, Bethenny Frankel, would be returning to the series.
It was revealed in January 2015, that filming for the season had begun and in March 2015, the full cast, trailer and premiere date for season seven were announced.
The season premiere "The B Is Back" was aired on April 7, 2015, while the nineteenth episode "New Beginnings, My Ass" served as the season finale, and was aired on August 11, 2015.
It was followed by a three-part reunion that aired on August 18, August 25 and August 27, 2015,
and a "Secrets Revealed" episode on September 3, 2015, which marked the conclusion of the season.
Andrew Hoegl, Barrie Bernstein, Lisa Shannon, Pam Healy and Andy Cohen are recognized as the series' executive producers; it is produced by Ricochet and is distributed by Shed Media.
Following the final episode of the season, "Secrets Revealed", a special was aired on Watch What Happens Live tiled "100th Episode Watch What Happens Live Special". The special was hosted by Andy Cohen with many housewives, past and present, returning to discuss the series, the drama that occurred and how it affected their lives.
Jill Zarin declined to participate in the special, but appeared on their own during an episode of Watch What Happens Live the following month in October, 2015. Zarin was shown footage of the special and spoke on their feud with Frankel.
Cast and synopsis
Cast
Five of the six wives featured on the sixth season returned for the seventh. It was revealed that Aviva Drescher had been fired from the series, shortly after the conclusion of season six. Andy Cohen later spoke of the firing of Drescher on a segment called Ask Andy, saying "I think that that was a situation where we listened to the fans." In March, 2016, Drescher has said they would do The Real Housewives of New York City again, as it was good platform for them to "raise awareness for amputees, and opened up a lot of business opportunities" for them
De Lesseps returned to being a full-time cast member after recurring in season six.
Shortly after reports circulated on Bethenny Frankel's return to the series, on October 1, 2014 Frankel revealed to SiriusXM Radio host, Jennifer Hutt, that they were working with Andy Cohen on two different projects as well as revealing that Bravo has been asking them to return for years.
October 2014, it was announced that Bethenny Frankel was returning to the series in season seven after a three-year hiatus from the series. Frankel returned to the series despite claiming they had quit reality television for their talk show Bethenny and that they wouldn't return to 'The Real Housewives of New York City. Frankel stated that they were excited about their return, saying "It feels like the first season when it was fresh and new and unknown," as well as speaking about the network, "Bravo has always been the place on television where I have the freedom to be unfiltered, honest and inappropriate."
Cohen later spoke of how they convinced Frankel to return during one if their Ask Andy videos, relaying the story they said, "The thing transpired in their kitchen...I went over there to convince them to come back to the show and they had different ideas about things they wanted to do...I kind of said, 'I don't think that those are good ideas.'" Continuing they then proceed to convince them with their reasons for their return and after a few more talks between the two, Frankel agreed with saying, "I'm in."
With the return of de Lesseps and Frankel, Ramona Singer was no longer the only remaining original cast member.
A new cast member was also introduced the seventh season, Dorinda Medley. With the addition of Medley, the returning wives from season six; Singer, Sonja Morgan, Heather Thomson, Carole Radziwill and Kristen Taekman, and the wives returning to the series; de Lesseps and Frankel, this marked the first time in The Real Housewives franchise that there were eight full-time cast members.
Medley returned to New York, after spending over a decade in London running them and their former husband's cashmere company, DCL Cashmere. They and their Daughter Hannah returned after the divorce, Medley navigated life in New York as a single mother. Medley eventually met a man named Richard Medley, they fell in love and married and together they raised money for charitable causes. Medley was devastated by the passing of Richard in 2011. After them and daughter found strength from their loved ones, Medley climbed the social ladder in New York. At the height of their social status, Medley met their current boyfriend, John Mahdessian who is owner of New York's legendary couture restoration house, Madame Paulette. Medley is described as being known for their "trademark sequins, humor and exuberant perspective" as well as "there's never enough glitz, glam and sparkle for this true New York City Housewife."
During the airing of season seven, it was revealed that Hillary Clinton is a Medley fan, according to the White House staff. Medley's late husband used to work for Bill Clinton and Medley received a phone call from Hillary Clinton's office and was told "you know I just want to tell you that Hillary really enjoys you on the show."
Synopsis
The season begins with the introduction of Bethenny Frankel, revealing their new transition in life. Frankel continues to go through a chaotic divorce, and left homeless from it. Frankel looks for a place to live and a place to belong. Luann de Lesseps begins the season after changing their name from "LuAnn" and is relishing in their new home in the Hamptons and invites the ladies to see it during a party. Ramona Singer copes with their divorce from Mario and tries to navigate life as a single woman. Carole Radziwill continues their work as an author as they are pressured by a deadline. Introduced is Dorinda Medley, Medleys struggles to live to separate lives- one with their Daughter Hannah and the other with their boyfriend John.
Kristen Taekman finds themselves not invited to Frankel's last minute birthday party and isn't happy about it. Taekman attempts to resolve their issues on the night of the launch of Singer's sports bar but Frankel is uninterested.
Taekman continues with their fashion blog and has a photo shoot in the streets for it. Taekman expands their realm of fashion when they take part in a new nail polish line. Them new nail polish line, Pop of Color, is featured during fashion week as a part of the Elie Tahari presentation.
Heather Thomson attends a lunch between de Lesseps and Frankel, but it appears that Thomson and Frankel are both opinionated. The two women find themselves in a heated discussion of a war of words at Frankel's birthday dinner. The tension between the two women escalates after Bethenny surprisingly attends Medley's birthday in the Berkshires and Thomson is quick to fix a situation. In Turks and Caicos tensions arise when Thomson thinks Frankel is a know-it-all.=
Sonja Morgan meets Frankel after Frankel is warned by the other ladies of their questionable business aspirations and later in Atlantic City Frankel accuses Morgan of not listening and leaves them in tears.
Morgan defends themselves and their actions after refusing to let the ladies in their townhouse while it was raining. Frankel is still annoyed with Morgan's drunken behavior they later attempts to have a no-holds barred conversation with their Morgan is continued to be supported by Frankel when Frankel invites them to a business summit.
Morgan celebrates life being debt-free but inviting the ladies to Turks and Caicos. On the trip Morgan defends themselves against the other ladies' allegations of drinking too much and making advances at other peoples' boyfriends. Morgan tries to explain themselves to Frankel but it leads to a fiery argument between them. In the morning, Morgan is reminded by Medley to stand up for herself. Later Singer informs Morgan that the other ladies think she's an alcoholic, which bring Morgan to a boiling point and forces them to confront them.
Frankel is taken aback when they are reintroduced to the group at de Lessep's housewarming in the Hamptons.
Frankel continues to renovate their new apartment and on a shopping trip for furniture they invite Radziwill and opens up about the struggles of parenting and having a social life. Frankel's apartment is finally complete and Radziwill comes to see it.
Having hard time opening up to the other ladies, Frankel takes a trip to Miami to reconnect with their estranged father which leads to new revelations. Back in New York after meeting their father, Frankel seeks the support of their therapist to help them tap into their feelings so they can move forward with their relationships.
Singer continues to struggle will the separation from Mario, at their house Morgan and Medley affirm that they are better off. The ladies reach a consensus that Singer is a lot softer and less chaotic without Mario and appears better off. Singer reaches out to de Lesseps to discuss the past and apologize. Singer feels conflicted when Mario reveals to them that they want to get back together and reunite their family. Singer's decisions are made easier when their daughter, Avery, arrives home from college and gives an adult perspective on the situation. Singer bonds with the unlikely Frankel over their failed marriages. Singer endeavors in to a new business of a sports bar, and finds themselves flirting with their business partner Peter. With a decision of their future made, Singer hosts a "new beginnings" party.
De Lesseps heads to Miami to support their daughter Victoria as they featured in the art festival, Art Basel. De Lesseps invites all the ladies along to a photo shoot for their new clothing line but Taekman confronts Frankel on their timing issues which leaves Frankel in tears. De Lesseps continues with business by hosting a launch party for their clothing line, but Singer confronts Taekman on their treating of Frankel. Later at the party, Taekman is again at odds with Frankel. The new single de Lesseps finds themselves in an argument after a fun-filled night in Turks and Caicos when Thomson is outraged after finding a naked man in the room next to theirs that Singer is responsible for.
Radziwill flirts with de Lesseps' younger chef Adam while at de Lesseps' house. The two meet away from de Lesseps' home for a date. Radziwill and their new relationship with Adam heats up as they host a dinner party for Taekman and Thomson. Radziwill's newfound friendship with Frankel reaches a new level after a sex dream. Radziwill invites Medley to London as they are going to pick up their late husband's ashes which turns out to be an emotional experience and the two bond over their woes of being widows.
Medley struggles to balance keeping the distance between their daughter and boyfriend. Medley also finds themselves having to defend John after a cocktail party they host where they get flirty with some of the other ladies. The struggle for Medley is made worse when Singer and de Lesseps call each other out on talking about John and Medley is left wondering who they should really be around and if the ladies should be invited to their birthday in the Berkshires. During the birthday dinner, Medley once again finds themselves defending John over Taekmans's claims of inappropriate touching. In Turks and Caicos, Medley and Thomson find themselves in a confusing argument over etiquette. Medley is later conflicted after John reveals they want to take the relationship to the next level.
Episodes
References
External links
2015 American television seasons
New York City (season 7)
Béni Boussaïd District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
Districts of Tlemcen Province
Helton Dos Reis (born 1 May 1988 in Lyon) is a French footballer of Cap-Verdian descent who most recently played as a defender for Jeddah.
Career
Helton began their career with Gueugnon. In June 2008, they joined Ligue 1 side Saint-Étienne and was immediately loaned out to RM Hamm Benfica in Luxembourg. After their return in Saint-Etienne, they played mainly for their B team. Helton made their Ligue 1 debut on 7 November 2009 in a 1–0 win over Nancy at Stade Marcel Picot, coming off the bench to replace Cédric Varrault on the 16th minute of the match.
On 4 August 2010, Helton signed for Grenoble Foot 38 on a free transfer. Two days later, they scored the only goal in Grenoble's 1–0 victory over Le Havre. They made 29 appearances for the club in Ligue 2. After one season at Grenoble, Helton joined Cypriot First Division side Apollon Limassol. They remained in Cyprus for four months, and moved on to Lyon-Duchère in 2012.
On 12 September 2013, after a successful trial period, Helton signed a contract with Bulgarian club Lokomotiv Sofia. They performed well for Lokomotiv through the years, cementing a place as a right-back in the first-team. Helton scored on their Bulgarian A Group debut on 21 September, in a 2–2 draw against Cherno More Varna at Ticha Stadium. They made 53 league appearances and scored two league goals for Lokomotiv.
On 26 August 2015, Helton signed for Litex Lovech on a free transfer. Three days later, they were one of Litex's unused substitutes in their 1–0 league loss against Beroe Stara Zagora. On 30 August, they played full 90 minutes for Litex II in a B Group match against Ludogorets II. On 12 September, Helton made their debut for Litex in the 2–0 away win against Botev Plovdiv, playing at centre-back alongside Rafael Pérez instead of their usual right-back position.
On 27 July 2017 they returned in Bulgaria, after a time spend in the China club Shenzhen, to sign with the newly promoted to the top division team of Septemvri Sofia, led by their ex manager in Lokomotiv Sofia.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Footballers from Lyon
French sportspeople of Cape Verdean descent
French footballers
FC Gueugnon players
AS Saint-Étienne players
FC RM Hamm Benfica players
Grenoble Foot 38 players
Apollon Limassol FC players
Lyon La Duchère players
FC Lokomotiv 1929 Sofia players
PFC Litex Lovech players
Shenzhen F.C. players
FC Septemvri Sofia players
FC Ordabasy players
Jeddah Club players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Luxembourg National Division players
Cypriot First Division players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
China League One player
Saudi First Division League players
Association football defenders
French expatriate footballers
French expatriate sportspeople in Luxembourg
French expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
French expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
French expatriate sportspeople in China
French expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Expatriate footballers in Luxembourg
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Expatriate footballers in China
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Poymughangal () is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by B. N. Prakash and produced by T. K. Balachandran. It stars Prem Nazir, Jayabharathi, Adoor Bhasi and Sreelatha Namboothiri. The film's score was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Jayabharathi
Adoor Bhasi
Sreelatha Namboothiri
T. S. Muthaiah
Bahadoor
N. Govindankutty
Pala Thankam
Paravoor Bharathan
T. K. Balachandran
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy with lyrics written by P. Bhaskaran.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Intelsat 35e, also known as IS-35e is an Intelsat high-throughput (HTS) geostationary communications satellite designed and manufactured by Boeing Satellite Systems on the Boeing-702MP satellite bus. It was launched on 5 July 2017.
It is the fourth satellite of the EpicNG service and covers the Americas, Europe and Sub-Saharan Africa from the 34.5° West longitude. It has a mixed C-band and Ku-band, with the C-band featuring EpicNG spot beams.
Satellite description
Intelsat 35e was designed and manufactured by Boeing Satellite Systems on the Boeing 702MP satellite bus. It had a launch mass of , the largest Intelsat's currently active satellite, and has a design life of more than 15 years.
It is powered by two wings, with four solar panels each, of triple-junction GaAs solar cells. The 702MP platform was designed to generate between 6 and 12 kW.
Its payload was the fourth high-throughput EpicNG deployment. The EpicNG is characterized by the implementation of frequency reuse due to a mix of frequency and polarization in small-spot beams. Not only applied to the classical HTS Ka-band, but also applying the same technique in Ku-band and C-band. The EpicNG series also keep the use of wide beams to offer high throughput and broadcast capabilities in the same satellite.
In the case of Intelsat 35e, the C-band side has EpicNG spot beams with a total downlink bandwidth of 4,356 MHz. The spot beams offer high bandwidth for Europe, Sub-Sahara Africa, and the Americas. The Ku-band has 39 transponder equivalents for a total downlink bandwidth of 1,404 MHz. Of the Ku-band three wide beams, one is covering the Caribbean, another Europe and the Mediterranean, and the third beams cover Europe and North Africa.
History
In July 2009, Intelsat became the first customer of the Boeing 702MP satellite bus, when it placed an order for four spacecraft to be built, Intelsat 21, Intelsat 22, Intelsat 27 and the first EpicNG satellite, Intelsat 29e. In May 2013, Intelsat contracted for an additional four EpicNG satellites, the first of which would be Intelsat 33e. On 8 July 2014, Boeing announced a ninth 702MP order, and sixth EpicNG, for the Intelsat 35e. During 2014, Intelsat announced to service contract where the clients would start using Intelsat 903 at the 34.5° West position and then seamlessly transfer their services to Intelsat 35e as soon as it was commissioned into service.
Launch history
Following two aborted launch attempts earlier in July 2017, Intelsat 35e was launched on 5 July 2017 from the SpaceX-leased launch pad 39A (LC-39A) in Florida. No attempt to recover the first-stage booster was made on this launch, as the first stage was flown in expendable mode in order to maximize the orbital energy imparted to this high-mass communications satellite.
During an interview with Intelsat's CEO Stephen Spengler in February 2016, it was disclosed that Intelsat 35e was expected to launch in 2017. In August 2016, it emerged that the launch was assigned to a Falcon 9 Full Thrust mission scheduled for the first quarter of 2017. Performance improvements of the Falcon 9 vehicle family enable the launch of this 6-tonne satellite without upgrading to a Falcon Heavy variant.
Intelsat 35e was initially prepared for launch on 2 July 2017 from launch pad 39A, with a 59-minute-duration launch window. The first launch attempt was aborted at T-9 seconds in the countdown for a GNC-criteria violation. With insufficient time to recycle, the launch was scrubbed and next attempt was scheduled with a 24-hour delay. This second launch attempt was made on 3 July 2017, and it too was aborted by the onboard computers at the same T minus 9 seconds in the countdown. Having already been pushed to the end of the launch window with no time to recycle, this resulted in a scrub for the second consecutive day. Intelsat 35e could have been rescheduled for a 4 July 2017 launch. However, in the event, the 4 July 2017 launch was postponed — per SpaceX, "out of an abundance of caution" — prior to loading propellants. A complete check of the systems both on the rocket and on the pad was performed.
Intelsat 35e was successfully launched and placed in orbit on 5 July 2017.
References
Communication satellites in geostationary orbit
Satellites using the BSS-702 bus
Intelsat satellites
SpaceX commercial payloads
Spacecraft launched in 2017
Sir Peter Allix Wilkinson, (1914–2000) was a British intelligence officer and diplomat.
Career
Wilkinson served in the Special Operations Executive (SOE) during World War II. They supplied the weapons used by two Czechoslovak agents to assassinate Reinhard Heydrich in 1942. Shortly afterwards, they flew into Bosnia to head SOE's "Clowder" mission, an attempt to find a back door into central Europe through Slovenia and Austria. After the Second World War, they pursued a diplomatic career and ended up as Co-ordinator of Intelligence in the Cabinet Office.
Wilkinson was born in India into the old officer class. Their father was killed at Ypres in 1915 while Peter was still a child. They were educated at Rugby and Cambridge. They got a job in the War Office and was with Colin Gubbins in Poland when the Germans conquered it in 1939; they escaped. They escaped again when France was conquered the following year. They then moved with Gubbins into the recently founded SOE.
Wilkinson published an account of the undercover campaigns of SOE during the Second World War in which they described the founding and structure of the SOE, as well as their personal experience as an intelligence officer during the invasion of Czechoslovakia and the Polish Campaign of 1939. The book concludes with an account of the SOE's hazardous attempt under the author's command to infiltrate the Third Reich in 1943–45.
Their postwar career was as a diplomat. They were ambassador to Vietnam from 1966–67.
See also
Krystyna Skarbek
References
External links
Obituary at The Telegraph
British Special Operations Executive personnel
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Vietnam
People educated at Rugby School
1914 births
2000 deaths
Extraplanar gas is cold atomic hydrogen which has been discovered slowly rotating around some spiral galaxies and located well outside their thin disk regions. It was discovered by using radio telescopes to observe the distribution of atomic hydrogen around galaxy disks. Galaxies which have shown evidence of extraplanar gas include NGC 891, NGC 2403, UGC 7321, NGC 4559 and NGC 3198.
Possible explanations for the presence of this gas include ionised gas being swept up by stellar winds and supernova explosions and, upon cooling, falling back into the galactic plane and the accretion of intergalactic primordial gas.
References
Intergalactic media
Radio astronomy
Merchant Prince II is a 2001 turn-based strategy game of economic, political, and military conquest. The game is developed by Holistic Design and published by Take-Two Interactive under TalonSoft label. It is the sequel to the 1994 video game Merchant Prince.
Reception
Merchant Prince II received "mixed" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. So little was added to gameplay that it was properly a rerelease rather than a sequel, and the changes to the graphics were considered uglier, with a zoomed-in and less user-friendly interface. ("End turn", for instance, was represented by an unlabeled wine glass.) It was largely panned by critics and even the positive review by IGN called it a "cheap reissue" and pardoned it only because of the difficulty of finding the original DOS games. Computer Gaming World opened its review, "Merchant Prince 2 is the kind of title that gives strategy gaming a bad name," and concluded with, "Mainstream consumers pulled in by the fascinating topic are—once again—going to feel ripped off, confused, dumb, and jaded toward turn-based strategy games." Kent Conrad found the implementation of the research tree "half-baked" and ended their review with "There is a good game hiding inside of Merchant Prince II, and that game is Machiavelli: The Prince. Get that instead." Kevin Rice of NextGen, however, said of the game, "It's virtually the same game it was eight years ago, designed to run under Windows instead of DOS, but in the end it's still an entertaining, unique turn-based strategy."
Notes
References
External links
2001 video games
Holistic Design games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Multiplayer video games
Strategy video games
Take-Two Interactive games
Video game sequels
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
TalonSoft games
National Wildlife is an American magazine published bi-monthly by the National Wildlife Federation (NWF), a nonprofit conservation group. In publication since 1962, and with an emphasis on wildlife conservation and natural history, it is designed to inform NWF's Associate Members and other readers about key issues relating to the nation's natural resources and environment.
History and profile
The magazine features photography, stories and articles on nature and wildlife. The magazine also reports on new discoveries about wildlife and wild animal behavior, how to garden naturally using native plants and how to attract birds, butterflies and other wildlife to backyards and gardens.
In November 2014 Lisa Moore was appointed editor-in-chief of National Wildlife. They replaced Mark Wexler in the post.
Information, advice and tips are also provided on the National Wildlife Magazine website on wildlife gardening, birding, wildlife photography, wildlife/animals and outdoor family activities.
The magazine has won many awards for its wildlife photography including Pictures of the Year International awards in 2004 and 2005.
Annual Photography Contest
National Wildlife magazine also offers an annual Photography Contest and has done so for 40 years. Winners from the Photo Contest are published in the Magazine and on the Magazine website.
References
External links
National Wildlife Magazine's website
National Wildlife Magazine's Flickr Photo Group
Bimonthly magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1962
Magazines published in Virginia
Wildlife magazines
Ian "JR" Ritchie Jr. is an American pitcher for Atlanta Braves organization.
Early life and amateur career
Ritchie lives on Bainbridge Island, Washington, where they attended Bainbridge High School. Their sophomore season was canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. During that year, Ritchie added 20 pounds of muscle to their build, which resulted in increased velocity on their pitches. They were named the Gatorade Washington Baseball Player of the Year as a junior after they went 6–0 record with a 0.38 earned run average (ERA) and 54 strikeouts in innings pitched while also batting .531 with 24 runs scored. They committed to play college baseball at UCLA. Ritchie emerged as high-round prospect for the Major League Baseball (MLB) draft during their senior season. Following the end of their senior season, they participated in the 2022 Draft Combine.
Professional career
Ritchie was selected by the Atlanta Braves with the 35th overall selection of the 2022 MLB draft. They signed with the team and received an over-slot signing bonus of $2.4 million.
References
External links
Living people
Baseball players from Washington (state)
People from Bainbridge Island, Washington
2003 births
Florida Complex League Braves players
Augusta GreenJackets players
The 567th Cyberspace Operations Group is a United States Air Force organization at Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland, Texas, assigned to the 67th Cyberspace Wing. It was activated in June 2018.
The group's predecessor was activated as the 567th Air Service Group, a support unit for a combat group at the end of World War II. It did not deploy until after the end of the war and was inactivated in 1945.
The group was activated once again in 1952 as the 567th Air Base Group to replace the support elements of the inactivating 325th Fighter-Interceptor Wing. A year later Air Defense Command (ADC) established it as the 567th Air Defense Group, an operational headquarters for fighter-interceptor squadrons as well. It was replaced in 1955 when ADC transferred its mission, equipment, and personnel to the 325th Fighter Group in a project that replaced air defense groups commanding fighter squadrons with fighter groups with distinguished records during World War II. The two groups were consolidated in April 2019.
Mission
The group plans and executes cyberspace operations to assist supported commanders to fight in contested cyberspace environment. It operates to remove adversary cyberspace capabilities; defends the supported commander's key cyberspace assets; and prepares local cyberspace defenders to sustain advanced cyberspace defense tactics, techniques and procedures to ensure freedom of action within friendly cyberspace, while denying adversaries the same.
History
World War II
The group was activated at Venice Army Air Field, Florida toward the end of World War II as the 567th Air Service Group and trained to support a single combat group in an overseas theater. Its 985th Air Engineering Squadron would provide maintenance that was beyond the capability of the combat group, its 1005th Air Material Squadron would handle all supply matters, and its Headquarters & Base Services Squadron would provide other support. It deployed to Guam in the fall of 1945, but arrived after the end of hostilities and was inactivated on 1 December. The unit was disbanded in October 1948.
Cold War air defense
During the Cold War the group was reconstituted, redesignated as the 567th Air Base Group, and activated at McChord Air Force Base, Washington in 1952 as part of a major reorganization of Air Defense Command (ADC) responding to ADC's difficulty under the existing wing base organizational structure in deploying fighter squadrons to best advantage. It replaced the 325th Air Base Group as the USAF host unit for McChord. while the operational elements of the inactivating 325th Fighter-Interceptor Wing transferred to the 4704th Defense Wing. The group was assigned seven squadrons to perform its support responsibilities. The group also maintained aircraft stationed at McChord.
The group was redesignated as the 567th Air Defense Group and assumed responsibility for air defense of the Northwest United States. It was assigned the 317th and 318th Fighter-Interceptor Squadrons (FIS), flying early model Lockheed F-94 Starfire aircraft armed with 20 mm cannon, from the 4704th Defense Wing as its operational elements. The same day, the 465th FIS, flying radar equipped and Mighty Mouse rocket armed North American F-86D Sabres was activated as the group's third operational squadron. In July 1953, the 318th FIS moved to Greenland and was transferred from the group. In December 1953, the 317th FIS converted to F-86's.
The group was inactivated in 1955 and replaced by the 325th Fighter Group (Air Defense) as result of ADC's Project Arrow, which was designed to bring back on the active list the fighter units which had compiled memorable records in the two world wars. The group was disbanded once again in September 1984.
Cyberspace operations
On 29 June 2018, the Air Force activated the 567th Cyberspace Operations Group at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. Four of its squadrons are located at Joint Base San Antonio, Texas. The 835th and 837th Cyberspace Operations Squadrons are located at Scott AFB, where the group headquarters was originally located. In July 2020, the headquarters joined the other squadrons in Texas. Three months later, two of its squadrons were transferred to the new 867th Cyberspace Operations Group at Fort Meade, Maryland.
Lineage
567th Air Defense Group
Established as the 567th Air Service Group on 22 November 1944
Activated on 7 December 1944
Inactivated 1 November 1945
Disbanded on 8 October 1948
Reconstituted and redesignated 567th Air Base Group on 3 January 1952
Activated on 1 February 1952
Redesignated as 567th Air Defense Group on 16 February 1953
Inactivated on 18 August 1955
Disbanded on 27 September 1984
Reconstituted on 5 April 2019 and consolidated with the 567th Cyberspace Operations Group as the 567th Cyberspace Operations Group
567th Cyberspace Operations Group
Established as the 567th Cyberspace Operations Group on 22 June 2018
Activated on 29 June 2018
Consolidated with the 567th Air Defense Group on 5 April 2019
Assignments
Warner Robins Air Technical Service Command, 7 December 1944 – 16 August 1945
United States Army Air Forces, Central Pacific Area, 12 September 1945
Twentieth Air Force, 18 September 1945 – 1 November 1945
Western Air Defense Force, 1 February 1952
4704th Defense Wing, 6 February 1952 – 8 October 1954
25th Air Division, 8 October 1954 – 18 August 1955
67th Cyberspace Wing, 29 June 2018
Components
Operational Squadrons
92d Cyberspace Operations Squadron, 18 September 2020 – present
317th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
318th Fighter Interceptor Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 1 July 1953
465th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, 16 February 1953 – 18 August 1955
833d Cyberspace Operations Squadron, 29 June 2018 – 18 September 2020
834th Cyberspace Operations Squadron, 29 June 2018 – present
835th Cyberspace Operations Squadron, 29 June 2018 – present
836th Cyberspace Operations Squadron, 29 June 2018 – 18 September 2020
837th Cyberspace Operations Squadron, 29 June 2018 – present
Support Squadrons
567th Air Police Squadron, 1 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
567th Food Service Squadron, 1 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
567th Field Maintenance Squadron, 1 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
567th Installations Squadron, 1 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
567th Medical Squadron (later 567th USAF Hospital), 1 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
567th Motor Vehicle Squadron, 1 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
567th Operations Squadron, 1 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
567th Supply Squadron, 1 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
985th Air Engineering Squadron, 7 December 1944 – c. May 1945
1005th Air Material Squadron, 7 December 1944 – 1 November 1945
Stations
Venice Army Air Field, Florida, 7 December 1944 – 14 August 1945
Fort Lawton, Washington, 19–25 August 1945
Guam, Mariana Islands 12 September–1 December 1945
McChord Air Force Base, Washington, 1 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
Scott Air Force Base, Illinois, 29 June 2018
Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland, 28 July 2020 – present
Aircraft
North American F-86D Sabre, 1953–1955
Lockheed F-94A Starfighter, 1953
Commanders
Unknown, 7 December 1944 – 19 December 1944
Lt Col. William H. Worley, 19 December 1944 – 1945
Unknown 1 February 1952 – 18 August 1955
See also
Aerospace Defense Command Fighter Squadrons
List of F-86 Sabre units
F-94 Starfire units of the United States Air Force
List of cyber warfare forces
References
Notes
Explanatory notes
Citations
Bibliography
Buss, Lydus H.(ed), Sturm, Thomas A., Volan, Denys, and McMullen, Richard F., History of Continental Air Defense Command and Air Defense Command July to December 1955, Directorate of Historical Services, Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, CO, (1956)
Grant, C.L., (1961) The Development of Continental Air Defense to 1 September 1954, USAF Historical Study No. 126
Further reading
Electronic warfare groups of the United States Air Force
Military units and formations established in 2018
Trompillo is a common name for several flowering plants in various families in order Solanales and may refer to:
Ipomoea hederifolia, a species of herbaceous annual vine native to the Americas
Solanum elaeagnifolium, a common weed of western North America and also found in South America
Colombophis ("snake of Colombia" in Greek) is an extinct genus of snakes of the clade Alethinophidia, a group of "primitive" snakes. The genus was first recognized in the Villavieja Formation in the town of Los Mangos, part of the known fossil fauna of La Venta in the department of Huila (Colombia), in the middle Miocene. With the remains of a fossil snake was erected the species Colombophis portai in 1977, based on forty fragmentary vertebrae. These vertebrae are characterized by a low neural spine, and subdivided paradiapophysis and thin zygosphen. The vertebrae are medium to large, so the snake would measure about long, similar in size to the current Boa constrictor.
Taxonomy
Remains found in the Brazilian Solimões Formation in the Purus River area (Late Miocene), with vertebrae shorter than wide, thick zygosphen and high neural thorn, were classified as a new species, Colombophis spinosus; fossil remains found in Venezuela (Urumaco area) and Colombia (La Venta) also seem to belong to this new species rather than C. portai. Traditionally, Colombophis was taken as a representative of the family primitive Aniliidae, fossorial and primitive snakes that still retained some traces of lizard as Anilius, the false coral. However, retention of primitive traits that identify Colombophis and other members of the superfamily Anilioidea (including features already found in the Cretaceous snake Dinilysia patagonica) indicate that this group is paraphyletic and that for now, Colombophis remains as an Alethinophidia of uncertain classification. Moreover, their remains indicate that the ecosystems of South America from the mid-Miocene were humid tropical environments as reinforces the finding of other reptile faunas of Urumaco, La Venta and Solimões as Paradracaena and Eunectes stirtoni; Colombophis, like Dinilysia, must be adapted to move and feed in semi-aquatic environments. Fossils were also found in the Socorro Formation of Venezuela.
References
External links
Colombophis in Wikispecies
Paleobiology Database: Colombophis
Alethinophidia
Miocene lepidosaurs
Miocene reptiles of South America
Neogene Brazil
Fossils of Brazil
Neogene Colombia
Fossils of Colombia
Honda Group, Colombia
Neogene Venezuela
Fossils of Venezuela
Fossil taxa described in 1977
The 2022 Campeonato Mineiro (officially Campeonato Mineiro SICOOB 2022 – Módulo I for sponsorship reasons) was the 108th edition of the state championship of Minas Gerais organized by the FMF. The competition started on 26 January and ended on 3 April 2022.
Atlético Mineiro successfully defended its bi-championship and earned the 47th title.
Format
First stage
The 2022 Módulo I first stage was contested by 12 clubs in a single round-robin tournament. The four best-placed teams qualified for the final stage and the bottom two teams will be relegated to the 2023 Módulo II.
The three best-placed teams not already qualified for the 2023 seasons of the Série A, Série B or Série C, gained berths in the Série D. The four best-placed teams qualified for the 2023 Copa do Brasil. If a team qualified for the Copa do Brasil by other means, its berth would be awarded to the Troféu Inconfidência champions.
Knockout stage
The knockout phase will be played between the 4 best placed teams from the previous phase in a two-handed tie in the semi-finals, where the team with the best seed will win the right to choose the order of the legs. The final, from this edition onwards, will take place in a single match on neutral ground. The away goals rule will not be used, and if two teams tied for higher aggregate goals, the highest ranked team would advance.
Troféu Inconfidência
The Inconfidência Trophy will be disputed between the teams from 5th to 8th placed in the previous phase. The semi-finals will be two-handed tie and the final will be played in a single game.
Participating teams
First stage
Troféu Inconfidência
Bracket
Knockout stage
Bracket
Semi-finals
Group F
Group G
Final
Top goalscorers
References
External links
Campeonato Mineiro Official Website
Campeonato Mineiro seasons
Mineiro
2022 in Brazilian football
Almost Angels (also known in some foreign markets as Born to Sing) is a 1962 American comedy-drama film about a group of boys in the Vienna Boys' Choir. The film centers around the chorister's recruitment process, the rehearsals and the life in the institution as well. The story also conveys the value of friendship, honesty and loyalty. The child actors were actual members of the Vienna Boys Choir who perform several traditional Austrian songs throughout the motion picture. The filming took place in the Augarten Palais, the surroundings of Vienna and some other places of the beautiful Austrian landscape.
In the United States, the film was released as the second half of a double bill. The first feature on the double bill was the 1962 re-release of Lady and the Tramp.
Plot
Tony Fiala (played by Vincent Winter) is a working-class boy whose greatest desire is to become a member of Vienna's most famous choir. Their father, however, wants their son to follow in their own footsteps as an engine driver. Unlike their loving and supportive mother, they see no future for the boy in music.
Despite the objections, Tony manages to join the Vienna Boys' Choir. Once there, they meet Peter (played by Sean Scully), who is the leading chorister and the most experienced solo voice. When Peter finds out that Tony has a wonderful, clear treble voice, they feel threatened by the talented new boy. Peter's jealousy will prompt them to do everything in their power to ruin their rival's public performances and their good image as a boarder, to the point of endangering Tony's life. The sabotage will eventually end but the breaking of Peter's voice will change the events drastically.
Cast
Vincent Winter as Tony Fiala
Sean Scully as Peter Schaefer
Peter Weck as Max Heller
Hans Holt as Director Eisinger
Bruni Löbel as Frau Fiala
Fritz Eckhardt as Herr Fiala
Denis Gilmore as Friedel Schmidt
Hennie Scott as Ferdie
Gunther Philipp as Radio Announcer
Hans Christian as Choirmaster
Hermann Furthmosek as Choirmaster
Walter Regelsberger as Choirmaster
Songs and music
The film takes advantage of the story itself to present traditional Austrian and German songs performed by the children. Besides the Lieder, there are some international scores and instrumental music:
"Kaiser-Walzer" (Emperor Waltz by Johann Strauss Jr.)
"Willkommen"
"Heidenröslein" (Little Rose of the Heath) by Heinrich Werner / Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Unidentified piece for piano and oboe by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
"Der Kuckuck"
"Wohlan die Zeit ist kommen" from Ludwig Schubart
"Der Lindenbaum" (Am Brunnen vor dem Tore) by Franz Schubert / Wilhelm Müller
"Kindersinfonie" (Toy Symphony by Leopold Mozart)
"Tra la la, der Post ist da" (The Postman) by Rudolf Löwenstein
"Omnes de Saba Venient" (Graduale by Joseph Eybler)
"Lustig ist das Zigeunerleben"
"Das Hennlein Weiss"
"Guten Abend, Gute Nacht" (Good Evening, Good Night) by Johannes Brahms
"Greensleeves" (Traditional English Song)
"Ländler"
"An Der Schönen Blauen Donau" (Blue Danube Waltz by Johann Strauss Jr.)
Home media
The film was released on DVD as part of the Disney Movie Club. In addition, the title was also made available for streaming in the digital format.
Popular culture
Produced and released more than two years before The Sound of Music and six years after Sissi - The Young Empress, Almost Angels uses the same formula of combining a family story, beautiful scenery, beloved music and Austrian local customs and traditions. Although it had limited distribution in theatres, the movie aroused the interest in choral institutions and in the Vienna Boys' Choir itself. Almost Angels was telecast broken up into two parts on the Disney anthology television series.
References
External links
Almost Angels film fan review website
1962 films
American comedy films
1960s English-language films
1962 comedy films
Films about classical music and musicians
Walt Disney Pictures films
Films produced by Walt Disney
Films set in Vienna
Films set in schools
1960s American films
Vermilion-Lloydminster was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada, mandated to return a single member to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta using first past the post method of voting from 1993 to 2019.
The largest communities in the constituency are City of Lloydminster, Town of Vermilion and Town of Viking.
History
The electoral district was created in the 1993 boundary re-distribution out of the old Lloydminster and Vermilion-Viking districts.
Under the Alberta electoral boundary re-distribution of 2004, the constituency was bounded by the Saskatchewan border to the east, and clockwise from there is bounded by Battle River-Wainwright, Fort Saskatchewan-Vegreville, Lac La Biche-St. Paul and Bonnyville-Cold Lake. The district remained completely unchanged in the 2010 electoral boundary re-distribution.
The electoral district was abolished in the 2017 electoral boundary re-distribution, and redistributed into Vermilion-Lloydminster-Wainwright and Fort Saskatchewan-Vegreville electoral districts which would take effect for the 2019 Alberta general election.
Boundary history
Electoral history
The riding was created in 1993 and has been returning Progressive Conservative MLA's with large majorities since it was created. The first member was Steve West who had previously served as MLA for Vermilion-Viking for two terms beginning in 1986. While representing this riding they served a number of cabinet portfolios in the government of Ralph Klein. West retired from office in 2001.
The second representative of the riding is Lloyd Snelgrove who was first elected in 2001 and has since served three terms in office. Snelgrove briefly served as Minister of Finance under the government of Ed Stelmach. They decided to leave the Progressive Conservative caucus on January 27, 2012 and sit is an Independent after becoming disenchanted with Premier Alison Redford.
Dr. Richard Starke won the riding for the Progressive Conservatives in the 2012 election, and was one of only two PC MLAs to win re-election outside of Calgary in the 2015 election. They placed second in the PC leadership election of 2017 on a campaign of remaining an independent party from Wildrose. When the PCs subsequently voted to join the Wildrose and form the United Conservative Party, they announced they would continue to sit as a PC rather than join the new party.
Starke retired at the end of the 29th Legislature. The district was abolished at the same time, and replaced with Vermilion-Lloydminster-Wainwright.
Legislature results
1993 general election
1997 general election
2001 general election
2004 general election
2008 general election
2012 general election
2015 general election
Senate nominee results
2004 Senate nominee election district results
Voters had the option of selecting 4 Candidates on the Ballot
2012 Senate nominee election district results
Student Vote Results
2004 election
On November 19, 2004 a Student Vote was conducted at participating Alberta schools to parallel the 2004 Alberta general election results. The vote was designed to educate students and simulate the electoral process for persons who have not yet reached the legal majority. The vote was conducted in 80 of the 83 provincial electoral districts with students voting for actual election candidates. Schools with a large student body that reside in another electoral district had the option to vote for candidates outside of the electoral district then where they were physically located.
2012 election
See also
List of Alberta provincial electoral districts
Vermilion, Alberta a town in eastern Alberta
Lloydminster, Alberta a city on the border of Alberta and Saskatchewan
References
Further reading
External links
Elections Alberta
The Legislative Assembly of Alberta
Former provincial electoral districts of Alberta
Lloydminster
1993 establishments in Alberta
2019 disestablishments in Alberta
Constituencies established in 1993
Constituencies disestablished in 2019
Yahia Khaled Mahmoud Fathy Omar (; born 9 September 1997) is an Egyptian handball player who plays for Telekom Veszprém and the Egyptian national team.
They participated in the World Men's Handball Championship in 2017, 2019 and 2021.
Individual awards
All-Star Right back of the Olympic Games: 2020
SEHA League All-Star Team Best Right Back: 2020–21
All-Star Right back of the 2022 African Championship
Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the 2022 African Championship
References
1997 births
Living people
Egyptian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Egypt
Handball players at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Giza
Egyptian expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Expatriate handball players
Red carpet fashion in 2007 featured beading and metallic themes at the Golden Globe Awards, dresses with a single shoulder strap at the Oscars, and strong colours or black-and-white at the Emmy Awards.
Golden Globe Awards (January 15)
Many of the female attendees at the 64th Golden Globe Awards chose beaded or metallic dresses, such as Beyoncé's solidly sequinned gold Elie Saab gown, with jewellery used sparingly, such as a single large diamond ring or a pair of hoop earrings. White gowns were another trend of the night. The New York Times noted that many stars had chosen big hairstyles, but praised those who wore their hair down.
One of the most-publicised dresses was Reese Witherspoon's atypical (for her) short dress by Olivier Theyskens for Nina Ricci for their first public appearance after their divorce from Ryan Phillippe. The tight, strapless lemon-yellow dress was named 12th best dress of the decade by InStyle and polled 11th in a 2008 Debenhams poll naming the top 20 red carpet dresses up to that year. The dress was remembered years later as a "bold and empowering choice" that gave the newly-single Witherspoon "oomph" and made them seem "sexier than ever". InStyle fashion director Hal Rubenstein, who called the dress "a brilliant strategy" for the event, christened it the "Ryan Who?" dress in their 2012 book 100 Unforgettable Dresses.
Academy Awards (February 25)
Oscar fashion at the 2007 ceremony was generally described as tasteful albeit unadventurous, and dominated by "mint green, chic neutrals and shades of blue". Penélope Cruz's rose-beige strapless Versace dress with its voluminously feathered skirt was a highlight, with one reporter proclaiming it "the definition of an Oscar dress: gorgeous color, perfect fit, epic style". It continued to be remembered well after the event, with the fashion journalist, magazine editor and stylist Alexandra Fullerton calling it a "seminal moment in Oscar style" to the BBC. In addition to this, Cruz's dress was rated 15th in the Debenhams poll, named 5th best dress of the decade by InStyle, and Cosmopolitan praised it in their list of the best Oscar Dresses as a bold choice that fitted Cruz perfectly. Cosmopolitan also admired Helen Mirren's nude-coloured beaded and lace Christian Lacroix dress, calling it "freaking foxy", and Cate Blanchett's one-shouldered silver and Swarovski crystal mesh dress by Giorgio Armani. Maggie Gyllenhaal, Beyoncé and Kate Winslet also wore one-shouldered dresses. Against the other dresses' neutral and subtle colours, Blanchett's choice of sparkling silver was particularly outstanding, with Cosmopolitan saying, "Cate makes the list (of Best Oscar Dresses) twice because of their consistently impeccable style. This one-shouldered gunmetal gown clings to their fabulous body like it was painted on, and the delicate and elegant hair and makeup complete the look without distracting us from the dress."
Alternative looks worn by the men included a brown tuxedo for Djimon Hounsou and outsize lapels for Clive Owen, whilst Peter O'Toole wore purple brocade and Spike Lee chose white, with a spotted ascot tie and blue beret.
Emmys (September 16)
Gowns worn to the 2007 Emmys followed the contemporary trend for bright colours, mainly in satin, with black-and-white as an alternative. Many guests wore strapless dresses, and trends for upswept hairstyles, bold lipstick, dangling earrings, and large rings were also noted. Although attendees received the customary fashion coverage, very few were singled out for extensive commentary on their wardrobe choices, and InStyle did not choose any dresses from this event for their Top 100 dresses of the decade.
Other events
For the Golden Age of Couture VIP gala at the Victoria and Albert Museum, Kate Moss wore a vintage 1930s wedding dress in gold satin that was rated 10th in the Debenhams poll. The fabric of the dress was very fragile, and it is largely remembered for tearing apart through the course of the evening, exposing Moss's body beneath and leaving them in rags by the time they left for the after-party. Although the dress was often attributed at the time to Christian Dior, subsequent reports do not link Dior to the dress which, in its destroyed state, was later donated to a fundraiser in aid of Cancer Research UK.
References
2007 in the United States
2007 in the United Kingdom
2000s fashion
2007 in fashion
2007
J. Stanley Rogers, a Manchester, Tennessee native, has been a member of the Tennessee Board of Regents since July 29, 1994. In 2003 they were elected to the position of vice-chair of the board.
 They are a graduate of Middle Tennessee State University before going to law school at Vanderbilt University. They passed the Tennessee bar in 1964.  They are also admitted to practice law before the United States District Courts for the Eastern, Middle and Western Districts of Tennessee; United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit, United States Claims Court, and the U. S. Supreme Court.
Professionally, Rogers is a senior partner with the Rogers & Duncan Law Firm.
Additionally, Rogers is a member of the Coffee County, Tennessee, Federal and American Bar Associations; Tennessee Trial Lawyers Association; and The Association of Trial Lawyers of America. Additionally, they are a fellow of the American College of Trial Lawyers.
Other groups they have been associated with include the Lawyers Involved for Tennessee, Tennessee Appellate Court Nominating Commission (1978–1992, was Chairman in 1990), Tennessee Judicial Evaluation Commission (1995–2001) and the U. S. Circuit Judge Nominating Commission, Sixth Circuit (1976–1980).
For six years, Rogers served in the Tennessee House of Representatives. They were a majority leader during the 88th and 89th General Assemblies.
Rogers may also be noted as the contender who opposed future Vice President Al Gore during the Democratic Party primary, in Gore's first election in 1976 for the United States House of Representatives.
They have a wife, Pat, and three children.
References
Adapted from Stanely Rogers's TN State Department webpage
Living people
Members of the Tennessee House of Representatives
Middle Tennessee State University alumni
Vanderbilt University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Acetylmorphine may refer to:
3-Monoacetylmorphine (3-acetylmorphine), an inactive metabolite of heroin
6-Monoacetylmorphine (6-acetylmorphine), an active metabolite of heroin
Metallaxis semiustus is a species of moth in the family Geometridae first described by Charles Swinhoe in 1894. It is found in the north-eastern parts of the Himalayas and Borneo.
External links
Rhodostrophiini
Sterrhinae
Moths of Borneo
Moths described in 1894
is a football stadium located in Ōmiya-ku, Saitama city, Saitama Prefecture, Japan. It is the home stadium of J2 League club Omiya Ardija.
It was formerly known as Omiya Football Stadium. Since 14 May 2007 it has been called for the naming rights.
History
Built in 1960, it was one of the first stadia in Japan dedicated to the code.
The grandstands were added to host several matches of 1964 Summer Olympics and 1967 National Sports Festival of Japan.
The stadium used to accommodate 12,500 spectators.
In 2006-2007 it was closed for expansion works to meet the J. League Division 1 requirements for Ardija to host its home matches. Ardija used Saitama Stadium 2002 and Urawa Komaba Stadium until works were complete.
From 14 May 2007 it would be called to reflect a six-year sponsorship from (JODV-FM, 79.5 MHz), an independent commercial radio station based in Ōmiya-ku and covering Saitama Prefecture.
The expansion works were complete in October 2007 and since it accommodates 15,500 spectators.
On 11 November, the re-opening match was held as a J. League season match between the Ardija and Oita Trinita (1-2).
A fun fact about the stadium is that this is the venue for the High School National Championships on the football manga-anime "Captain Tsubasa"
References
1964 Summer Olympics official report. Volume 1. Part 1. p. 133.
Omiya Ardija stadium
External links
FM NACK5
Football venues in Japan
Omiya Ardija
Venues of the 1964 Summer Olympics
Olympic football venues
Sports venues in Saitama (city)
Rivadavia is a central department of Mendoza Province in Argentina.
The provincial subdivision has a population of about 52,500 inhabitants in an area of , and its capital city is Rivadavia, which is located around from the Capital federal.
Districts
Andrade
El Mirador
La Central
La Libertad
Los Árboles
Los Campamentos
Los Huarpes
Medrano
Mundo Nuevo
Reducción
Rivadavia
San Isidro
Sport
The city of Rivadavia is home to Club Sportivo Independiente Rivadavia, a football club that play in the regionalised 3rd Division.
External links
Municipal Website (Spanish)
Club Sportivo Independiente Rivadavia (Spanish)
1884 establishments in Argentina
Departments of Mendoza Province
Svetlana Sergeyevna Bukareva (, born 25 June 1981) is a Russian former competitive figure skater.  They are the 1996 Ondrej Nepela Memorial champion and the 1999 ISU Junior Grand Prix Final bronze medalist.
Bukareva formerly coached Anna Ovcharova and Kristina Zaseeva.
Competitive highlights
References
1981 births
Russian female single skaters
Living people
Figure skaters from Moscow
Cubilia nigricans is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1927.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1927
Alejandro Luis Alvizuri Mack (born April 18, 1968) is a retired backstroke swimmer from Peru, who represented their native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1984 (Los Angeles, California). Their biggest success was winning the bronze medal in the men's 100 m backstroke at the 1987 Pan American Games.
Alvizuri has a long history of accomplishments in South American Championships and Games. Between 1983 and 1992, Alejandro earned a total of 14 South American Championship medals, from which they have won gold five times.
While a varsity swimmer at the University of Michigan, Alejandro became a four-time All American, and a four-time Letter winner at Michigan.  They are also a former U of M and Big Ten record holder in several events, being co-captain of the Michigan team their senior year.
At the 1992 Olympics, they set for the last timePeru Records in the 100 and 200 backstrokes (57.72 and 2:03.10). As of 2012, both are still the national records.
References
AlejandroAlvizuri.com
1968 births
Living people
Peruvian male backstroke swimmers
Swimmers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1987 Pan American Games
Swimmers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Peru
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Peru
Pan American Games medalists in swimming
Michigan Wolverines men's swimmers
Medalists at the 1987 Pan American Games
Ystradgynlais Community Hospital () is a health facility in Glanrhyd Road, Ystradgynlais, Powys, Wales. It is managed by the Powys Teaching Health Board.
History
The facility was commissioned to replace the aging Craig-y-Nos Hospital. It was designed by Anthony Williams & Partners and built on part of the site of the old Ynyscedwyn Ironworks, opening in January 1986. Modern hydrotherapy facilities were installed at the hospital in 2006.
Welsh Health Common Services Authority won the Gold Medal for Architecture at the National Eisteddfod of Wales of 1988 for their work on the Ystradgynlais Community Hospital.
References
Hospitals in Powys
Hospitals established in 1986
1986 establishments in Wales
Hospital buildings completed in 1986
NHS hospitals in Wales
Powys Teaching Health Board
Welsh Eisteddfod Gold Medal winners
Hans Jakob Stampfer (1505/6– 2 July 1579) was a gold smith and medalist of Zürich in the age of Bullinger (antistes 1531–1575).
They were the son of gold smith Hans Ulrich Stampfer and of Regula Funk and learned the same trade both from their father and during journeyman years in Germany, likely Augsburg (Meyer 1871 mentions a strong influence by German medalist Friedrich Hagenauer, who was in Augsburg during 1526–1532).
Stampfer returned to Zürich in 1531 (the year of the death of Zwingli).  They are recorded as a member of the Kämbel guild in 1533, and as the guild's representative in the city council in 1544. They acted as the city's assayer from 1539.
Zürich issued a thaler coin minted by Stampfer, the so-called Stampfertaler, during 1555–1560.
They married Margaretha von Schönau (d. 1555).
They were reeved of Wädenswil during 1570 to 1577.
At least 26 distinct medals by Stampfer are known, not including their production of coins for circulation, made during the period of 1531 to 1566. Most of their medals bear the monogram I·S.
Their most famous works are
the Bundestaler (1546), with an early representation of the Three Confederates, and one of the earliest representations of the coats of arms of the Thirteen Cantons and of the Swiss cross, and the Patenpfennig for Princess Claude (1547).
They made various commemorative portrait medals, of Huldrych Zwingli (1531), of Nicholas of Flüe (c. 1540), among others, and medals with religious and allegorical themes such as the conversion of Paul, the Annunciation, Faith, Hope and Charity and Fortuna.
Jacob Stampfer was the first member of a "dynasty" of medalists that remained active in Zürich until the 1680s.
One Hans Ulrich Stampfer, possibly a brother of Jacob's, is recorded as active during 1561–1579.
Hans, possibly another brother, died in 1586.
Hans Ulrich Stampfer, son of Jacob (1562–1640) was active in the 1580s.
Hans Heinrich, a cousin of Hans Ulrich, died in 1610.
Another Hans Heinrich (1597–1655) is recorded as reeve of Eglisau in 1652.
One Johannes Stampfer (1610–1687) signed a Zwölfer in 1654.
Another Johannes (1673–1692), son of one Hans Ulrich, is the last of the dynasty.
References
Hans Lehmann, "Hans Jakob Stampfer: Ein Zürcher Medailleur und Goldschmied der Reformationszeit", Zwingliana II.8 (1908), 225–236.
Emil Hahn, Jakob Stampfer, Goldschmied, Medailleur und Stempelschneider von Zürich, 1505-1579 (1915).
Christian Winterstein, Die Basler Medaillen, Historisches Museum Basel (2012) [museum catalogue, includes five of Stampfer's medals].
Heinrich Meyer [1802–1871], "Jakob Stampfer, Medailleur des sechszehnten Jahrhunderts", Numismatische Zeitung (1871), 106–108.
External links
Commemorative medal made for Princess Claude of France (1547)
People from Zürich
1500s births
1579 deaths
Medallists
Phillip John Mogg (born 15 April 1948, Wood Green, London) is the lead singer for the English rock band UFO, which they formed with longtime friends Pete Way and Andy Parker.
Musical career
Formed in 1968, UFO first gained notice as a space rock group with a series of recordings on Beacon/Decca Records. After guitarist Michael Schenker joined in 1973, they signed to Chrysalis Records, and changed their musical style from space rock to hard rock and heavy metal, but found only modest commercial success. However, UFO are often cited as one of the key influences on the hard rock and heavy metal scenes of the 1980s and 1990s, including bands such as Metallica, Judas Priest, Iron Maiden, Guns N' Roses, Def Leppard, Slayer, Megadeth, Testament, Overkill, Anthrax, Alice in Chains, Tesla and Dio. Mogg wrote the majority of UFO's lyrics, with the music being written by Way, Schenker, and later, Paul Raymond, although Schenker left the band in 1978 to launch their solo band. Mogg is the only member of UFO to appear on all of the band's albums and remains their only permanent member.
In 1997, during UFO's hiatus, Mogg and Way, under the moniker Mogg/Way, released a couple of albums, Edge of the World and Chocolate Box. In 2002, they were in a side project, $ign of 4, featuring Cosmosquad members Shane Gaalaas on drums and Jeff Kollman on guitar, respectively. Kollman had earlier been the guitarist and co-writer on Mogg/Way's Chocolate Box.
In late 2003, having regained the rights to the UFO name from Schenker, Mogg spoke with Pete Way and Paul Raymond, and ended up having a reunion tour which later brought the band back for good, with newly hired American guitarist Vinnie Moore. UFO has since released six more albums, the latest being the 2017 covers album The Salentino Cuts.
UFO announced their "Last Orders: 50th Anniversary" farewell tour in 2019. The band was to tour the United Kingdom from March to April, Europe from June to August, and finally the United States from October to November. The final gig was to be the rock legends cruise, a five-day event in early 2020. Mogg confirmed they were retiring after the tour as a member of UFO, but did not rule out other musical ventures. The final tour is rescheduled to 2022.
Personal life
Phil Mogg was a junior boxing champion in North London before their music career.  They are married to Emma Mogg, a former page three girls since 2006 and currently resides in Brighton, East Sussex, .  They are the uncle of Nigel Mogg, former bassist of The Quireboys.
Discography
UFO
Studio
UFO 1 (1970) Uncharted
Flying (1971) Uncharted
Phenomenon (1974) Uncharted
Force It (1975) Chart Position 71 (US)
No Heavy Petting (1976) Chart Position 167 (US)
Lights Out (1977) Chart Position 51 (UK), 23 (US)
Obsession (1978) Chart Position 26 (UK), 41 (US)
No Place to Run (1980) Chart Position 11 (UK), 51 (US)
The Wild, the Willing and the Innocent (1981) Chart Position 19 (UK), 77 (US)
Mechanix (1982) Chart Position 8 (UK), 82 (US)
Making Contact (1983) Chart Position 32 (UK), 153 (US)
Misdemeanor (1985) Chart Position 74 (UK), 106 (US)
Ain't Misbehavin' (EP) (1988) Uncharted
High Stakes & Dangerous Men (1992) Uncharted
Walk on Water (1995) Uncharted
Covenant (2000) Uncharted
Sharks (2002) Uncharted
You Are Here (2004) Uncharted
The Monkey Puzzle (2006)
The Visitor (2009)
Seven Deadly (2012)
A Conspiracy of Stars (2015)
The Salentino Cuts (2017)
Live
Live (1972) Uncharted
Live in Concert (1974)
Strangers in the Night (1979) Chart Position 42 (US), 8 (UK)
Lights Out in Tokyo (1992)
Live in Japan (1992)
T.N.T. (1993)
Heaven's Gate (1995)
Showtime (2005)
Others
On with the Action (1998)
Live in Texas (2000)
Regenerator - Live 1982 (2001)
Space Metal (1976)
Anthology (1986)
The Essential UFO (1992)
Best of UFO: Gold Collection (1996)
X-Factor: Out There & Back (1997)
Flying : The Early Years 1970-1973 (2004)
An Introduction To UFO CD (2006)
The Best of the Rest (1988)
Mogg/Way
Edge of the World (1997)
Chocolate Box (1999)
$ign of 4
Dancing With St. Peter (2002)
References
1948 births
Living people
People from Wood Green
English male singers
English rock singers
English heavy metal singers
UFO (band) members
HXMM01, known more formally as 1HERMES S250 J022016.5−060143, is a starburst galaxy located in the northwestern portion of the constellation Cetus. Discovered in 2013 by a team at the University of California, Irvine, it was discovered that HXMM01 is actually still forming from its two parent galaxies as part of the "brightest, most luminous and most gas-rich submillimeter-bright galaxy merger known." When the merger is complete, HXMM01 will rapidly evolve to become a giant elliptical galaxy with a mass about four times that of the Milky Way. As of 2013, HXMM01 has been observed to form about of stars every year, with an efficiency ten times greater than that of typical galaxies and far more than the Milky Way's per year.
History of observation
A team at the University of California, Irvine, led by Asantha Cooray, was the first to detect and characterize HXMM01 in data from the Herschel space telescope's HerMES instrument. Initially noticed as an "amazing, bright blob" in an otherwise cold region of the cosmos, the galaxy was revealed to be an extremely bright submillimeter galaxy (SMG) after an extensive series of observations across the electromagnetic spectrum. Analyses of the data, published in May 2013, revealed the galaxy to be a merging pair with a mass at least ten times that of the Milky Way.
Physical characteristics
With a mass at least 10 times that of the Milky Way, HXMM01 is located at a redshift of 2.307 (corresponding to a distance of about 11 billion light years under the Λ-CDM model of cosmology) and has various physical features that are not characteristic of SMGs. For example, the dust temperature of the galaxy is a relatively high 55 K, 36% more than the 35 K average for star-forming galaxies at similar redshifts. As a result of this extremely high temperature, star formation in HXMM01 is extremely efficient and causes the galaxy to have a relatively high infrared luminosity of .
HXMM01 has an extremely high rate of star formation of roughly , a rate that will cause the nascent galaxy to consume nearly all of its gas and dust within 200 million years. The observation has profound implications for our conception of the formation of giant elliptical galaxies—although the process of formation for dwarf ellipticals had already been determined through analyses of gas density in lower-mass galaxies, the formation of giant elliptical galaxies had eluded description until the discovery of HXMM01. By analyzing HXMM01's rapid rate of star formation, the discovery team was able to deduce that giant elliptical galaxies would be able to form in the Universe at a redshift of about 1.5, corresponding to a distance (and thus observed galactic age) of about 4 billion years.
See also
Lists of galaxies
References
Notes
External links
Your Sky by Fourmilab
Starburst galaxies
Cetus (constellation)
California Pines Airport is a small airport in Alturas, California. The airport is served by a single asphalt runway.
References
Airports in Modoc County, California
The Literary Pocket-Book was a collection of works edited by Leigh Hunt and containing material by Hunt, Percy Bysshe Shelley, John Keats, and Bryan Waller Procter. The collection was put together during 1818, and proved so successful that Hunt was able to sell the copyright for £200 a year later. The collection includes written worked, lined pages to write notes on and lists of authors, artists, schools and libraries. It was a public success, bringing new readers to both Shelley and Keats, and served as a model for other collections of poetry written during the Victorian era. Critical reviews were also excellent, with The London Magazine describing it as "for the most part delightfully written", although Keats themselves later wrote that the collection was "full of the most sickening stuff you can imagine".
Background
During the end of 1818, Hunt was putting together a collection to be called Literary Pocket-Book. The works were a combination of material provided by himself, Percy Bysshe Shelley, John Keats, and Bryan Waller Procter. By 1823, there were five collections under the title. The collection was successful enough that Hunt, needing money, was able to sell Ollier the copyright for £200 during mid-1819. Works included in the Literary Pocket-Book were later reprinted in Hunt's magazine, Indicator, in 1821. They were also printed in collections by individual poets.
Poems
The book contains many lined pages that could be used to write notes. It also contains lists of names according to various categories, from authors and artists to schools and libraries. Many of the writers listed were Romantics. The lists of authors continued after the 1823, into the annual diary as "A Chronological List of Eminent Persons in Letters, Philosophy, and the Arts, whose great original genius, individual character, or reputation with posterity, has had an influence in modifying the taste and opinions of the world". The first list in the later version contained only 28 names of those from the 18th-century.
Hunt's "Calendar of Nature" was included in the collection after it was originally printed in the Examiner. The poem describes the artistic connections to each of the months, descriptions of festivals, and a discussion about nature. Two of the poems were sonnets written by Keats for the collection. These poems were "Four Seasons" and "To Ailsa Rock".
Critical response
The work was popular, brought new readers to both Keats and Shelley, and set a model for later collections of poetry popular during the Victorian period. A review in the December 1819 Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine claimed, "we propose now doing a truly wonderful thing-namely, in good earnest to laud a production of Mr Leigh Hunt's [...] is a very clever and cunning contrivance. A common almanack is most shockingly vulgar, and cannot be worn by a gentleman in the evening. But the Literary Pocket-Book, though a sort of almanack, is quite dressy-looking with its scarlet coat".
An 1821 review in The London Magazine argued, "This 'Calendar of Birthdays' is an interesting essay (or rather collection of essays), and is for the most part delightfully written [...] The 'Miscellanies' consist of a very clever and interesting paper called 'Walks round London;' and various pieces of original poetry [...] We must now shut up the Literary Pocket-Book, recommending it, however, to our readers, partly for its original matter, and partly for its Lists [...] which [...] are really invaluable and are to be found in no other publication whatever." The Literary Gazette, after an 1828 publication of the work, stated, "The first title of this pocket-book, which has been popular for some years, obtained from us a favourable notice on the even of its publication, of which we do not repent now that we see it in its perfect form. Of some of the original matter, we cannot say much, except it may be intended (in a new sense) for the lovers of art." However, not everyone was in favour of the work; Keats, in a letter to their brother George, claimed that the work containing two of their own poems was "full of the most sickening stuff you can imagine".
In 1930, Edmund Blunded stated, "This characteristic little invention was the now unprocurable Literary Pocket-Book, from the surviving sets of which it is to be wished that a facsimile might be published. It was at once practical and vacational [...] It must be concluded that this little Pocket-Book, for all Hunt's protests, [...] for all Keats's harsh comments [...] was a respectable worker in the cause of making the quality of Shelley and Keats known". They concluded that "It could be dreamed that there was a new England in which Leigh Hunt might for ever be employed in making Literary Pocket-Books for use, delight, and ornament, so that no fightful knocks on the door and final demand-notes might break upon their flowery and serene work of national importance."
Ann Blainey, in 1985, claimed, "Dear to Hunt's heart, it was an inoffensive calendar and memorandum book with original prose and poetry, fascinating anecdotes, and lists of practical or unusual facts to inspire and instruct their readers."
Notes
References
Anonymous "Literary Pocket-Book", Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine No XXXIII, Vol VI (December 1819).
Anonymous. "Sighs of Books", Literary Gazette and Journal... for the Year 1827. London: James Noves, 1827.
Anonymous. "The Literary Pocket-Book", The London Magazine. Vol. 3. January–June 1821. London: Baldwin, Cradock, and Joy, 1821.
Bate, Walter Jackson. John Keats. Cambridge, Mass.: Belknap Press of Harvard University Press, 1963.
Blainey, Ann. Immortal Boy. New York: St. Martin's Press, 1985.
Blunden, Edmund. Leigh Hunt and Their Circle. London: Harper & Brothers Publishers, 1930.
Duff, David. Romance and Revolution. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1994.
Edgecombe, Rodney. Leigh Hunt and the Poetry of Fancy. Madison: Fairleigh Dickinson University Press, 1994.
Kucich, Greg. Keats, Shelley, and Romantic Spenserianism. University Part: Pennsylvania State University Press, 1991.
Reiman, Donald. "Keats and the Third Generation" in The Persistence of Poetry. Ed. Robert Ryan and Ronald Sharp. Boston: University of Massachusetts Press, 1998.
Roe, Nicholas. Fiery Heart. London: Pimlico, 2005.
Works by Leigh Hunt
1818 books
The white-bellied piculet (Picumnus spilogaster) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, and heavily degraded former forest.
References
white-bellied piculet
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
white-bellied piculet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Redding House is a historic house in Biloxi, Mississippi, U.S.. It was built in 1908 for Charles Redding, a local business person. It was designed in the Classical Revival architectural style. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since May 18, 1984.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Neoclassical architecture in Mississippi
Houses completed in 1908
Buildings and structures in Biloxi, Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Harrison County, Mississippi
Batrachorhina lichenea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Léon Fairmaire in 1902. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1902
Atum (, Egyptian: jtm(w) or tm(w), reconstructed ; Coptic Atoum), sometimes rendered as Atem or Tem, is an important deity in Egyptian mythology.
Name
Atum's name is thought to be derived from the verb tm which means 'to complete' or 'to finish'. Thus, they have been interpreted as being the "complete one" and also the finisher of the world, which they return to watery chaos at the end of the creative cycle. As creator, they were seen as the progenitor of the world, the deities and universe having received their vital force or ka.
Origins
Atum is one of the most important and frequently mentioned deities from the earliest times, as evidenced by their prominence in the Pyramid Texts, where they are portrayed as both a creator and father to the king. Several writings contradict how Atum was brought into existence. Some state Atum was created by themselves by saying their name, while others argue they came out from a blue lotus flower or an egg.
Role
In the Heliopolitan creation myth, Atum was considered to be the first god, having created himself, sitting on a mound (benben) (or identified with the mound itself), from the primordial waters (Nu). Early myths state that Atum created the god Shu and goddess Tefnut by spitting them out of their mouth. One text debates that Atum did not create Shu and Tefnut by spitting them out of their mouth by means of saliva and semen, but rather by Atum's lips. Another writing describes Shu and Tefnut being birthed by Atum's hand. That same writing states that Atum's hand is the title of the god's wife based on their Heliopolitan beginning. Other myths state Atum created by masturbation, with the hand they used in this act representing the female principle inherent within him. Yet other interpretations state that they have made union with their shadow.
In the Old Kingdom, the Egyptians believed that Atum lifted the dead king's soul from their pyramid to the starry heavens. They were also a solar deity, associated with the primary sun god Ra. Atum was linked specifically with the evening sun, while Ra or the closely linked god Khepri were connected with the sun at morning and midday.
In the Book of the Dead, which was still current in the Graeco-Roman period, the sun god Atum is said to have ascended from chaos-waters with the appearance of a snake, the animal renewing itself every morning.
Atum is the god of pre-existence and post-existence. In the binary solar cycle, the serpentine Atum is contrasted with the scarab-headed god Khepri—the young sun god, whose name is derived from the Egyptian ḫpr "to come into existence". Khepri-Atum encompassed sunrise and sunset, thus reflecting the entire cycle of morning and evening.
Relationship to other gods
Atum was a self-created deity, the first being to emerge from the darkness and endless watery abyss that existed before creation. A product of the energy and matter contained in this chaos, they created their children—the first deities, out of loneliness. They produced from their own sneeze, or in some accounts, semen, Shu, the god of air, and Tefnut, the goddess of moisture. The brother and sister, curious about the primeval waters that surrounded them, went to explore the waters and disappeared into the darkness. Unable to bear their loss, Atum sent a fiery messenger, the Eye of Ra, to find their children. The tears of joy they shed upon their return were the first human beings.
Iconography
Atum is usually depicted as a man wearing either the royal head-cloth or the dual white and red crown of Upper and Lower Egypt, reinforcing their connection with kingship. Sometimes they are also shown as a serpent, the form they return to at the end of the creative cycle, and also occasionally as a mongoose, lion, bull, lizard, or ape.
Worship
Atum's worship centered on the city of Heliopolis (Egyptian: Annu or Iunu). The only surviving remnant of Heliopolis is the Temple of Re-Atum obelisk located in Al-Masalla of Al-Matariyyah, Cairo. It was erected by Senusret I of the Twelfth Dynasty, and still stands in its original position. The high red granite obelisk weighs 120 tons (240,000 lbs, 108,900 kg, 108.9 tonnes), the weight of about 20 African elephants.
See also
List of solar deities
Animal mummy #Miscellaneous animals
References
Further reading
Egyptian gods
Solar gods
Creator gods
Snake gods
Ra
Lion deities
Personifications
Carl Anton Joseph Maria Dominikus Baumstark (4 August 1872 in Konstanz – 31 May 1948 in Bonn) was a German Orientalist, philologist and liturgist. Their main area of study was Oriental liturgical history, its development and its influence on literature, culture and art. Their grandfather, Anton Baumstark (1800–1876), was a noted philologist.
They studied classical and Oriental philology, obtaining their habilitation for both subjects in 1898 at Heidelberg. In 1899, they relocated to Rome, where in 1901, they became an editor of the academic journal Oriens Christianus. Later on, they worked for 15 years as an instructor at a Roman Catholic secondary school in Sasbach, Baden.
In 1921 they became an honorary professor in Bonn, then served as a professor of Semitic studies and comparative liturgal science at Nijmegen (from 1923), followed by a professorship of Arabic and Islamic studies at the University of Utrecht (from 1926). From 1930 to 1935, they were a professor of Oriental studies at the University of Münster.
They joined the Nazi party in 1932, but was sent into emeritate in 1935, apparently after being accused of homosexuality. They began doubting their Nazi affiliation in 1943, and in 1944 supported the cause of Kilian Kirchhoff, who had been sentenced to death; Baumstark unsuccessfully asked for mercy.
Selected works
Comparative liturgy, revised by Bernard Botte; English edition by F.L. Cross. Westminster, Md.: Newman Press, 1958.
On the historical development of the liturgy (Vom geschichtlichen Werden der Liturgie, 1923); intr., transl. by Fritz West; foreword by Robert F. Taft. Collegeville, Minn.: Liturgical Press 2011.
Lucubrationes Syro-Graecae, 1894 – Syriac-Greco lucubrations.
Syrisch-arabische Biographieen des Aristoteles. Syrische Kommentare zur Eisagoge des Porphyrios, Leipzig: Teubner, 1900.
Die christlichen literaturen des Orients, 1911 – Christian literature of the Orient.
Geschichte der syrischen Literatur: mit Ausschluss der christlich-palästinensischen Texte, 1922 – History of Syriac literature: with the exclusion of the Christian-Palestinian texts.
References
1872 births
1948 deaths
People from Konstanz
German male non-fiction writers
German orientalists
German philologists
Liturgists
Nazi Party members
Radboud University Nijmegen faculty
University of Bonn faculty
University of Münster faculty
Utrecht University faculty
Judy Marsales is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. They were a Liberal member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 2003 to 2007.
Background
Marsales was born and raised in Winnipeg, moving to Hamilton, Ontario in 1972. They began working in real estate in 1980, first as an agent, and then beginning their own business, Judy Marsales Real Estate Ltd., in January 1988. In 1991, they became the first woman president of the Metropolitan Hamilton Real Estate Board. In 1996, president of the Hamilton and District Chamber of Commerce. They were appointed to the Hamilton Port Authority in 2001.
Politics
In the 2003 provincial election, Marsales won the riding. The seat was formerly held by NDP David Christopherson who had stepped down to enter the City of Hamilton mayoral race. During the campaign, they faced New Democrat Roy Adams and Progressive Conservative, Doug Brown. They won by just over 2,000 votes.
As a rookie MPP, Marsales proposed an anti-spam measure as private member's bill in May, 2004, the province's first, and was made a member of the legislature's economic affairs and finance committee. They were passed over in the cabinet reshuffle of July 2005, but in March 2006 was made parliamentary assistant to the Minister of Economic Development and Trade. That appointment lasted less than a month. They were then appointed as parliamentary assistant to the Minister of Small Business and Entrepreneurship.
Marsales had been expected to seek re-election in the reapportioned riding of Hamilton Centre against NDP incumbent Andrea Horwath. However, a story ran in the Toronto Star on July 12, 2007, indicating Marsales had instead decided to retire from provincial politics.  They are currently the broker of record at Judy Marsales Real Estate in Hamilton, Ontario.
References
External links
Living people
Ontario Liberal Party MPPs
Politicians from Hamilton, Ontario
Politicians from Winnipeg
Women MPPs in Ontario
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Canadian politicians
21st-century Canadian women politicians
De Hoop () is a smock mill in Readtsjerk, Friesland, Netherlands which was built in 1911. The mill has been restored to working order. It is listed as a Rijksmonument.
History
De Hoop was originally built in 1863 at Scharmer, Groningen. The mill was moved in 1895 and was moved to Readtsjerk in 1911, replacing an earlier mill on the site. In 1961, the mill was mechanised, with a new steel Archimedes' screw replacing the former wooden one. A diesel engine was installed. The engine was later removed and installed in the Wijnsermolen, Wyns. The mill was fitted with Patent sails, which were replaced by Common Sails in 1969. De Hoop was sold to Stichting De Fryske Mole on 17 May 1972, the 3rd mill acquired by that organisation The mill is used to train people in the art of working windmills. In September 2010, the mill required repairs to its foundations. These required the temporary removal of the Archimedes' screw. The mill is listed as a Rijksmonument, №11697.
Description
De Hoop is what the Dutch describe as a Grondzeiler. It is a two-storey smock mill on a single storey base. There is no stage, the sails reaching almost to ground level. The mill is winded by tailpole and winch. The smock and cap are thatched. The sails are Common sails. They have a span of .The sails are carried on a cast iron windshaft, which was probably cast by H J Koning of Foxham, Groningen in 1991.. It also carries the brake wheel which has 59 cogs. This drives the wallower (30 cogs) at the top of the upright shaft. At the bottom of the upright shaft there are two crown wheels The upper crown wheel, which has 43 cogs drives an Archimedes' screw via a crown wheel. The lower crown wheel, which has 38 cogs is carried on the axle of an Archimedes' screw, which is used to drain the polder. The axle of the screw is diameter and long. The screw is diameter. It is inclined at 15.5°. Each revolution of the screw lifts of water.
Public access
De Hoop is open to the public by appointment.
References
Windmills in Friesland
Windmills completed in 1911
Smock mills in the Netherlands
Windpumps in the Netherlands
Agricultural buildings in the Netherlands
Rijksmonuments in Friesland
Octagonal buildings in the Netherlands
Ruth Ridge () is a black, rocky ridge 2.8 miles (4.5 km) long in a north–south direction, terminating at its south end in a small peak. The ridge forms the south end of Detroit Plateau and marks a change in the direction of the plateau escarpment along Nordenskjöld Coast on the east side of Graham Land where it turns west to form the north wall of Drygalski Glacier. Dr. Otto Nordenskjold, leader of the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, gave the name Cape Ruth, in honor of their sister, to what appeared to be a cape at the north side of Drygalski Glacier. The feature was determined to be a ridge in 1947 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS).
References
SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Ridges of Graham Land
Nordenskjöld Coast
First Presbyterian Church is an historic church at 2100 4th Avenue, North in Birmingham, Alabama. It was built in 1888 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
It is a member of the Presbytery of Sheppards & Lapsley.
References
Presbyterian churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham, Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1888
Churches in Birmingham, Alabama
Garfield Park may refer to:
East Garfield Park, Chicago, a City of Chicago community area
West Garfield Park, Chicago, a City of Chicago community area
Garfield Park (Chicago), a park in the East Garfield Park neighborhood of Chicago known for its conservatory
Garfield Park (Indianapolis), a park on the south side of Indianapolis known for its conservatory and sunken gardens
Garfield Park, a park in Garfield Heights, Ohio
Garfield Park, a playground in Washington, DC, under DPR (Department of Parks and Recreation), located at Third and G Streets SE (Ward 6)
Garfield Square, a park in the Mission District of San Francisco that is also known as Garfield Park
Piatt Park, a park in Cincinnati, Ohio that is also known as Garfield Park
Three areas of Willingboro Township, New Jersey named Garfield Park, Garfield Park East, and Garfield North
A small park in Oakland, California
A park in Corvallis, Oregon
José Francisco Gabriel de Anda (born 5 June 1971) is a Mexican former professional footballer who currently works for ESPN Deportes and ESPN Mexico as an analyst.
Club career
They played for several clubs, including Santos Laguna, Cruz Azul, Pachuca and Correcaminos
International career
They played for the Mexico national football team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Personal life
Contrary to popular belief, their given name is "Francisco", and their last names are "Gabriel" and "de Anda". This confusion happens because Gabriel is a common given name.
Gabriel de Anda currently works for ESPN Deportes and ESPN Mexico as an analyst.
Their brother, Juan Carlos Gabriel de Anda, is also a sports analyst and has worked for FOX and ESPN.
Career statistics
International goals
|-
| 1. || March 18, 1998 || Estadio Azteca, Mexico City, Mexico || || align=center|1–1 || align=center|1–1 || Friendly
|-
| 2. || April 17, 2002 || Giants Stadium, East Rutherford, United States || || align=center|1–0 || align=center|1–0 || Friendly
|}
Honours
Santos Laguna
Mexican Primera División: Invierno 1996
Pachuca
Mexican Primera División: Invierno 2001, Apertura 2003
CONCACAF Champions' Cup: 2002
Mexico
CONCACAF Gold Cup: 1998
References
1971 births
Living people
Footballers from Mexico City
Mexican people of Spanish descent
Mexican people of Lebanese descent
Association football defenders
Mexican footballers
Mexico international footballers
CONCACAF Gold Cup-winning players
1997 FIFA Confederations Cup players
1997 Copa América players
1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2002 FIFA World Cup players
Correcaminos UAT footballers
Santos Laguna footballers
Cruz Azul footballers
C.F. Pachuca players
Liga MX players
[[Category:Sportspeople of Lebanese descent]]
Leiv Heggstad (24 March 1879 8 March 1954) was a Norwegian educator, linguist and translator. They were born in Namsos as the son of linguist and professor Marius Hægstad and Pernele Larsdotter Midgaard, and was a brother of engineering professor Olav Heggstad. Among their works are Utsyn yver gamall norsk folkevisedikting from 1912, Gamalnorsk ordbok from 1930, and Norsk grammatikk from 1931. They also translated books from Latin into Nynorsk language.
References
1879 births
1954 deaths
People from Namsos
Heads of schools in Norway
Norwegian textbook writers
Norwegian translators
Euroinnova is a business school specializing in online courses for further education up to a master's degree. It was founded in Granada, Spain in the year 2000. The school is currently based in the United States, and has a presence in six countries in Latin America: Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru, and Venezuela.
Demographics and Statistics
As of 2022, Euroinnova offers more than 19,000 online courses. Based on a 2014 report, Euroinnova reached 150,000 pupils divided into more than 70 different nationalities. Since 2010, Euroinnova on average enrolls more than 25,000 students per year. Euroinnova USA has over a hundred students.
Associations
Euroinnova Business School is an associated member of the International Commission on Distance Education (UNESCO), and collaborates with the Spanish Professional Association of Naturopathy and Biotherapy (APENB). Euroinnova is also Institutional Member of the Spanish Society of Education (SEP) and features Trust Mark Online.
References
External links
"Euroinnova Formación Spain"
"Euroinnova Business School USA"
"Euroinnova Students Reviews"
Business schools in Spain
2000 establishments in Spain
Granada
Educational institutions established in 2000
Barrett Long is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from the United States. They race in the MotoAmerica Superstock 1000 Championship aboard a Ducati Panigale.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1984 births
Living people
American motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
AMA Superbike Championship riders
Daxata camelus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Francis Polkinghorne Pascoe in 1864. It is known from Malaysia and Borneo.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1864
Durst is an Italian manufacturer of photographic printing equipment.
History
Established in 1936 by two brothers, Julius and Gilbert Durst, who were enthusiasts in the field of photography, encouraged by their mother, who was also a keen photographer and had their own darkroom.
Products
Durst ended production of their enlargers in late 2006 due to a drop in sales, probably due to growth of minilabs and later digital imaging. In the 70 years of manufacturing enlargers their sales peaked in 1979 with 107,000 sold. Durst have filed over 500 patents for various components and designs of enlargers.
Now, Durst produce a range of photochemical (Durst Lambda and Theta printers) and super wide format inkjet printers based on UV polymerization ink technology. The quality of the output of these products is exceptional, as was the case with the company's historical enlargers, for high quality image reproduction and high versatility of application, from paper and plastic materials to ceramics and wood.
Lambda and Theta photographic printers
The Durst Lambda and Theta models are widely used in the photographic printing industry to produce digital C-Type prints on light sensitive colour and monochrome papers and transparency display materials such as Kodak Duratrans and Duraclear. Images are produced by exposing light sensitive material with RGB laser light which is then developed through the relevant chemical process. The Lambda is a standalone machine that requires a separate chemical processor and takes a roll of paper wide, whereas the Theta uses a roll measuring and has its chemical processor built in. The Theta is also capable of holding two different paper types at once.
Durst inkjet printers
Durst expanded in 2003 into UV Curable Digital Inkjet Printers with the Rho 160, and now produces a full line of Large Format, Textile, Ceramic, Label and Industrial Inkjet printers for a variety of applications. The Durst Rho 500 Roll-to-Roll Printer and the Durst Rho P10-250 Flatbed Printer have both won "Product of the Year" at the Specialty Graphics Industry Association Awards.
References
External links
Official United States sales and service site
History (PDF)
Photographica.dk - News
Technical Information, Metro Imaging website
Brixen
Photography companies of Italy
Italian brands
Caulanthus glaucus is a species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae known by the common names glaucous wild cabbage, bigleaf wildcabbage, and limestone jewelflower.
It is native to southern Nevada and adjacent parts of eastern California and Mojave Desert sky islands, where it grows in open, rocky habitat in the desert mountains.
Description
Caulanthus glaucus is a perennial herb producing a slender, branching stem from a woody caudex.
The largest of the leaves appear in a cluster at the base of the plant, and are oblong or oval and up to 10 centimeters long. Smaller, lance-shaped leaves appear higher up on the stem.
The flower has a coat of thick green sepals over narrow yellowish or purplish petals. The fruit is a long, thin silique which may approach 15 centimeters in length.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment: Caulanthus glaucus
USDA Plants Profile
Caulanthus glaucus — U.C. Photo gallery
glaucus
Flora of the California desert regions
Flora of Nevada
Natural history of the Mojave Desert
Alles Bob ("Its all Bob") is a 1999 German film starring , Martina Gedeck and Miriam Lahnstein, directed by .
The film, is about a young man who tells women what they want to hear to get sex.
External links
1999 films
1999 comedy films
German comedy films
1990s German films
The Stereotyped Nature-Inspired Aerial Grasper or SNIAG is a robotic created like a bird perching. The SNIAG was created by Dr. William Roderick, a researcher in the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Stanford University.
References
Robotics projects
Mount Kerckhove de Denterghem () is a mountain, high, just north of Mount Collard in the Belgica Mountains of Antarctica. It was discovered by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition, 1957–58, under G. de Gerlache, who named it for Count Charles de Kerchove de Denterghem, a patron of the expedition.
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Prince Harald Coast
The Knowhere Guide was a crowd-sourced online guide to British towns. It was originally a guide to the skate boarding scene in the UK and was founded in 1994. It is quoted by British guide books, such as Rough Guides, as a recommended source of online information. The guide also included a fictional town known as "Chuffing Hell", which has been mistaken as a real town by commercial web based directories.
The site's comments about the town of Crawley were seen to be so negative that the then MP, Laura Moffatt stated "we should have the ability to take things down. It has also been blamed for encouraging illegal skateboarding in Halesowen.
As of August 2022, the site is no longer available online.
References
British travel websites
Skateboarding mass media
The 1989–90 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 79th since its establishment. Each team was allowed to sign 2 foreign players.
League table
References
1989–90 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
1989–90 in Hong Kong football
The Box Play is Mike Leigh's first stage play and was developed using the process of improvisation and collaboration with their cast that was to become the hallmark of Leigh's later work. It received its premier at the Midlands Arts Centre, Birmingham in 1965.
References
Plays by Mike Leigh
1965 plays
Ronaldo Junior Vásquez Herasme (born 30 June 1999) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a forward for Atlético Pantoja and the Dominican Republic national team.
Club career
Vásquez began their football training in La Meca del Fútbol. In 2013, they joined FCBEscola Santo Domingo, related to the Spanish club FC Barcelona.
In 2016, they made their professional debut in Liga Dominicana de Fútbol playing for Atlético Pantoja, where they were a member of the youth team. In 2017, they moved to the Atlético Pantoja first squad.
International career
Vásquez made their formal debut for the Dominican Republic on 22 March 2018, playing an entire 4–0 friendly win against the Turks and Caicos Islands, scoring twice. They had played two friendly matches in November 2017 against Nicaragua, but they were not recognised by FIFA.
International goals
Scores and results list Dominican Republic's goal tally first
Honors and awards
Clubs
Atlético Pantoja
Caribbean Club Championship: 2018
Individual
Best player: Copa Walon 2016 (playing for Atlético Pantoja)
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Dominican Republic footballers
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
Dominican Republic under-20 international footballers
Dominican Republic international footballers
Atlético Pantoja players
Hapoel Tel Aviv F.C. players
CD El Ejido players
Dominican Republic expatriate footballers
Dominican Republic expatriates in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Dominican Republic expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Liga Dominicana de Fútbol players
Gerald Giampa (March 4, 1950 - June 24, 2009) was a printer, typographer and author.
Biography
When Gerald Giampa was born on 4 March 1950, their parents lived in a tent in Duncan, British Columbia. Their interest in printing books came from their grandfather, who liked to read. Giampa studied letterpress printing and typography under Wil Hudson and Nick Schwabe in Vancouver.
From 1975 to 1981 Giampa's Cobblestone Press in Vancouver published not only jobbing printing but also works by Ezra Pound, Robin Blaser and George Bowering among others. During this time they chiefly used Caslon type.
Later Giampa expanded their company, renaming it the Northland Letterpress Company, and in 1983 they bought the US Lanston Monotype Machine Company of Philadelphia from M & H typefounders in San Francisco. With the Lanston Monotype Company's stock they acquired much of Frederic Goudy's materials. They and Jim Rimmer adapted these for digital form; and from 1988 to 2004 ran the digital foundry, Lanston Type Company.
In 1994 Giampa moved to Prince Edward Island, but a few years later their stock was destroyed in a storm. The name of their firm, together with its fonts, were bought in 2004 by the digital foundry P22, of Buffalo, NY.
Giampa designed the Bodoni 26 font, which was named in the top 100 Types in a survey conducted by the Type Directors Club.
They died on 20 June 2009 in Vancouver.
Further reading
Robert Bringhurst, 'Lives Lived - Gerald Giampa 1950-2009', in Parenthesis; 17 (2009 Autumn), p. 12
References
1950 births
2009 deaths
Canadian printers
Canadian typographers and type designers
Miss Kosovo (Miss Kosova) is a national Beauty pageant in Kosovo. Since 2008, Miss Kosova is responsible for selecting the country's representative to Miss Earth, which is an annual international beauty pageant promoting environmental awareness.
History
1994–2007: Early years
In the years 1998, 2004 and 2005, the contest was not held. Between 1994 and 2007, whilst Kosovo was a part of Yugoslavia or just Serbia, the contest was confined to Kosovo and recognized only by its organizers. Pre-2008 winners of the contest were able to represent Miss Albania owing to agreements with its sister organisation across the border.
Two winners had a successful pageant in Miss Albania: Venera Mustafa (1999 winner of both titles) and Agnesa Vuthaj (winning Miss Kosovo 2003 and Miss Albania 2004), who also participated internationally as Miss Albania.
2008–2012: Miss Earth franchise
From 2008 after independence was declared, Miss Kosovo has been permitted to take part at the Miss Earth pageant. The Miss Kosovo pageant is organized by former titleholder Agnesa Vuthaj under their Agnesa Vuthaj Association. After Kosovo's declaration of independence, Miss Kosovo 2007 Yllka Berisha participated in the Miss Earth 2008 pageant but was unplaced. The Kosovar delegates from 2002 and 2003 for Miss Earth were from a different organization.
2013–present: Miss Earth with Miss Universe
In 2013 Fadil Berisha and Agnesa Vuthaj took control of Miss Kosovo and retrieved the Miss Universe franchise. This happened after the previous Miss Universe Kosovo directors made the decision to send their winner to Miss World. Hence, there are two titleholders from this pageant - one for Miss Universe and one for Miss Earth.
Titleholders
Miss Kosova
This list includes from the inception of Miss Kosova where the winners were usually sent to Miss Earth from 2008, until before the merging of the Miss Universe and Miss Earth franchises.
See also
Miss Universe Kosovo
References
External links
Miss Kosova
Beauty pageants in Kosovo
Recurring events established in 1994
1994 establishments in Yugoslavia
Kosovan awards
Bobanum Moliyum () is a 1971 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by J. Sasikumar. The film stars Madhu, Kaviyoor Ponnamma, Adoor Bhasi and Manavalan Joseph. It features the Malayalam cartoon characters, which were created by Toms: Boban and Molly.
Plot
Cast
Madhu as Balan
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Santhamma
Adoor Bhasi as Uppayi
Manavalan Joseph as Pothan Vakkeel
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai as Velu Pilla
Sankaradi as Mammad
Adoor Bhavani as Kuttiyamma
Baby Rajani as Molly
Bahadoor as Ittoop
Kaduvakulam Antony as Pilla
Master Sekhar as Boban
Meena as Saramma
Pankajavalli as Marykutty
S. P. Pillai as Kittu Pilla
Vettoor Purushan as Pareed
Vijayasree as Nalini
Pala Thankam
P. R. Menon as Gopala Pilla
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Joseph Krishna and the lyrics were written by Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1970s Malayalam-language films
1971 films
Films based on Indian comics
Live-action films based on comics
Emily Loizeau (born 7 February 1975) is a French author, composer, and singer. Them debut album, released in 2006, was titled L'autre bout du monde (The Other Side of the World).
Biography
Loizeau was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, near Paris, France. Them father, Pierre Loizeau, was French, and their mother, Eliza Hutchinson, was British. Them maternal grandparents were actor Peggy Ashcroft and barrister Jeremy Hutchinson.
Around 1980, when they were five years old, Loizeau began to learn piano. After studying classical music for many years, they turned to studying philosophy and then theatre in London, then worked assisting composer and stage manager Georges Aperghis.
Loizeau cites Georges Brassens, Bob Dylan and The Beatles as their primary influences. Besides Bach and Franz Schubert, they also love Renaud. They have also been influenced by Tom Waits, Nina Simone and Randy Newman.
At the end of 2001, at the age of 26, Loizeau began to perform at a small Parisian cabaret, which became for them a one-person cottage industry, printing flyers, doing publicity. They then began to collaborate with like-minded artists such as Vincent Segal, Franck Monnet, Nils Tavernier, Jean-Louis Foulquier. They signed with at the age of 31 (their first French artist) and released their first album "L'Autre Bout du Monde". They later performed at the Comedia, where they sold out for three weeks straight.
Discography
Folie en tête (2005)
L'autre bout du monde (2006)
Live au Grand Rex (2007)
King Guillaume (2009)
Pays sauvage (2009)
Mothers & Tygers (2012)
Revisited: Piano Cello Sessions (2014) - with Olivier Koundouno on violincello
Mona (2016)
Origami (2017)
Run Run Run (Hommage à Lou Reed) (2020)
Icare (2021)
References
External links
Emily's Official site
1975 births
Living people
French people of English descent
Fiction Records artists
21st-century French singers
21st-century French women singers
The 2008 Cincinnati Masters (also known as the Western & Southern Financial Group Masters and Women's Open for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 107th edition of the Cincinnati Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2008 ATP Tour, and of the Tier III Series of the 2008 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events took place at the Lindner Family Tennis Center in Mason, near Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, with the men playing from July 26 through August 3, 2008, and the women from August 9 through August 17, 2008.
The men's field was led by World No. 1, French Open and Wimbledon runner-up and Cincinnati Masters defending champion Roger Federer, ATP No. 2, French Open, Wimbledon and Canada Masters winner Rafael Nadal, and Australian Open titlist Novak Djokovic. Other top seeded players were ATP No. 4, Pörtschach and Warsaw titlist Nikolay Davydenko, Valencia and s'Hertogenbosch winner David Ferrer, Andy Roddick, James Blake and Andy Murray.
The women's draw featured Paris, Eastbourne and Montreal semifinalist, Standford finalist Marion Bartoli, Eastbourne runner-up and Wimbledon quarterfinalist Nadia Petrova, and Estoril, Barcelona winner Maria Kirilenko. Also competing were Strasbourg finalist, French Open and Wimbledon mixed doubles runner-up Katarina Srebotnik, Amelia Island quarterfinalist Amélie Mauresmo, Aleksandra Wozniak, Ekaterina Makarova and Tamira Paszek.
Finals
Men's singles
Andy Murray defeated Novak Djokovic 7–6(7–4), 7–6(7–5)
It was Andy Murray's 3rd title of the year, and their 6th overall. It was their 1st career Masters title.
Women's singles
Nadia Petrova defeated Nathalie Dechy 6–2, 6–1
It was Nadia Petrova's 1st title of the year, and their 8th overall.
Men's doubles
Bob Bryan / Mike Bryan defeated Jonathan Erlich / Andy Ram 4–6, 7–6(7–2), [10–7]
Women's doubles
Maria Kirilenko / Nadia Petrova defeated Su-wei Hsieh / Yaroslava Shvedova 6–3, 4–6, [10–8]
External links
Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) tournament profile
Men's Singles draw
Men's Doubles draw
Men's Qualifying Singles draw
Women's Singles, Doubles and Qualifying Singles draws
Cvetovo () is a village in the municipality of Studeničani, North Macedonia.
History
During the great migration movements in Macedonia at the end of the 17th and beginning of the 18th centuries, Macedonian Muslims left the Debar area for the central regions of Macedonia and established villages such as Cvetovo located in the Skopje area.
Demographics
Cvetovo has traditionally been inhabited by a Macedonian Muslim (Torbeš) population. The mother tongue of Cvetovo inhabitants and of daily communication is Macedonian.
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 807 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Turks 805
Others 2
See also
Macedonian Muslims (Torbeši)
References
Villages in Studeničani Municipality
Macedonian Muslim villages
Turkish communities in North Macedonia
Nassarius roissyi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.
Description
The length of the shell attains 15.1 mm.
The shell is elongated and subturreted. The long spire is pointed. It is formed of eight or nine convex whorls, chequered by longitudinal folds, and pretty numerous and very regular transverse striae. The body whorl is short and subglobular. The small aperture is ovate, oblong, and white in all its parts. The outer lip is finely striated internally. The columella is cylindrical, obliquely truncated, and terminated at the base by a deep emargination, which is recurved towards the back of the shell. The coloring is a little remarkable: it is of a uniform, pale, fawn-color, but interrupted on the body whorl by an obscure and transverse whitish zone.
Distribution
This species occurs in the Indian Ocean.
References
External links
Deshayes, G. P. (1832-1833). Mollusques. In: Bélanger, C. (ed.) Voyage aux Indes-Orientales, par le nord de l'Europe, les provinces du Caucase, la Géorgie, l'Arménie et la Perse, suivi de détails topographiques, statistiques et autres sur le Pégou, les îles de Java, de Maurice et de Bourbon, sur le Cap-de-Bonne-Espérance et Sainte-Hélène, pendant les années 1825, 1826, 1827, 1828 et 1829. Volume 2, Zoologie. pp. 403-440, 3 pls. [403-416 (1 Dec. 1832); 417-440 (31 Aug. 1833); 3 pls (1833 or 1834). Paris: Arthus Bertrand
Cernohorsky W. O. (1984). Systematics of the family Nassariidae (Mollusca: Gastropoda). Bulletin of the Auckland Institute and Museum 14: 1–356
Nassariidae
Gastropods described in 1832
The 2008–09 season was the 129th season of competitive football in England. The Premier League started on 16 August 2008, while the Championship, League One, and League Two matches started on 9 August 2008. The regular season of the Football League ended on 3 May 2009, while the Premier League ended on 24 May 2009.
Managerial changes
In-season managerial changes
End-of-season managerial changes
Notes
1 Joe Kinnear was named interim manager on 26 September, and signed as permanent manager on 28 November.
2 Dean Glover had previously been caretaker manager at Port Vale since Sinnott's departure.
3 Tony Adams had previously been caretaker manager at Portsmouth since Redknapp's departure.
4 Greg Abbott had previously been caretaker manager at Carlisle United since Ward's departure.
5 Phil Parkinson had previously been caretaker manager at Charlton Athletic since Pardew's departure.
6 Ricky Sbragia had previously been caretaker manager at Sunderland since Keane's departure.
7 Eddie Howe had previously been caretaker manager at Bournemouth since Quinn's departure.
8 Bryan Gunn had previously been caretaker manager at Norwich City since Roeder's departure.
9 Ian Hendon had previously been caretaker manager at Barnet since Fairclough's departure.
National team
The home team is on the left column; the away team is on the right column.
Friendly matches
World Cup qualifiers
England is currently in Group 6 of the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification process.
Honours
League tables
Premier League
Manchester United won their 18th league title, drawing level with Liverpool for the record of most league titles. Liverpool pushed them all the way; they actually had a superior goal difference and completed the double over United, even winning 4–1 at Old Trafford in March, but also suffered 11 draws which enabled United to overtake and win the title. Chelsea broke records for all the wrong reasons as their 86-game unbeaten home record finally came to an end, with several surprise away losses effectively ending their title challenge (as well as resulting in manager Luiz Felipe Scolari being sacked), though they did win the FA Cup under caretaker manager Guus Hiddink. Arsenal finished fourth to claim the final Champions League spot, which meant that last season's top 4 all qualified for Europe's elite for the fifth time in six seasons.
Aston Villa had looked like breaking into the Champions League spots for most of the season, but a late collapse that saw them win just twice in their last 13 league games saw them join FA Cup finalists Everton in qualifying for the newly formed UEFA Europa League (which replaced the UEFA Cup). Fulham were the other team to qualify for Europe, marking a remarkable turnaround since Roy Hodgson had taken over 18 months earlier when relegation from the Premier League looked a certainty. This was not only the first time they had qualified for Europe via their league position, but in finishing 7th in the first tier, this was also the highest ever league finish in the club's history. Stoke City, despite being pre-season relegation favourites for many, defied their critics and finishing comfortably in mid-table.
West Bromwich Albion made an immediate return to the Championship after propping up the table for most of the season. Joining them on the final day were Middlesbrough and Newcastle United, ending 11 and 16-year spells in the top flight respectively, the latter going through four managers in Kevin Keegan, Joe Kinnear, Chris Hughton and even former striker Alan Shearer during the campaign. Sunderland survived relegation, thanks to the efforts of caretaker manager Ricky Sbragia after Roy Keane's surprise resignation in December; meaning next season they would be the only North-East team in top flight football. Despite a brilliant start to the season (Which included victories at Arsenal and Tottenham, a draw at Liverpool and a narrow 4–3 loss at Manchester United, and climbing as high as third place in October), Hull City won just one league game after the new year, but avoided relegation by a single point.
Leading goalscorer: Nicolas Anelka (Chelsea) – 19
Football League Championship
Five years after being relegated from the Premier League, Wolverhampton Wanderers returned to the top flight in style as champions, having been in the top 2 for virtually all the season since August. Birmingham City were runners-up, making this the fourth season in a row that they had swapped divisions. Burnley joined them by beating Sheffield United in the play-off final, earning their place in the top flight after a 33-year absence.
Cardiff City occupied a play-off position for much of the season, but agonisingly slipped out of them on the final day after obtaining just one point in their final four league games. Preston North End in contrast, took twelve points from their final four league games, including a 6–0 win over Cardiff to finish ahead of them by courtesy of having scored one goal more throughout the season. Doncaster Rovers who were favourites to go straight back down and in the second tier after half a century out, achieved a respectable mid-table finish ahead of former Premier League teams in Crystal Palace, Coventry City, Blackpool, Derby County, Nottingham Forest and Barnsley.
Charlton suffered their second relegation in three years, despite a run of just one loss out of eight games at the end of the season. Southampton also crashed out of the division amid financial worries, which also meant they would be starting the 2009–10 season in League One with a ten-point deduction for entering administration. Norwich were the third relegated club, meaning that all three relegated clubs had been in the Premier League as recently as 2005 and had long left the third tier (Charlton last competed in the third tier in 1981, Southampton and Norwich in 1960).
Leading goalscorer: Sylvan Ebanks-Blake (Wolverhampton Wanderers) – 25
Football League One
Leicester comfortably won promotion in their first-ever season at this level, leading the table for virtually the entire season, going half the season (23 consecutive games) unbeaten and losing just 4 games in the process. Nigel Pearson brought stability to the club in becoming their first manager in five years to last an entire season as they looked to turn the corner after several years of struggle. Peterborough were runners-up, winning their second successive promotion and entering the second tier for only the second time in their history. Scunthorpe grabbed the final play-off place on the last day of the season in a winner takes all match v 7th place Tranmere Rovers and won promotion through them, making an immediate return to the Championship after being relegated the previous year.
Stockport went into administration before the final match of the season and so suffered a 10-point penalty; however, there was no real chance of them being relegated as a result of this penalty, barring an extremely unlikely set of results on the final day.
Hereford made an immediate return to League Two, finishing bottom in their first campaign at this level for thirty years. Cheltenham improved late in the season, but it proved too late to prevent relegation. Crewe suffered a late collapse and went down to League Two, having looked safe a few weeks previously. Northampton were relegated on the final day of the season after losing at Leeds and other results went against them. Brighton had looked certainties for relegation in the closing weeks, but the appointment of Russell Slade as manager saw them claim 16 points out of a possible 21 to survive. Carlisle and Hartlepool both survived on the last day.
Leading goalscorer: Simon Cox (Swindon Town) – 29, and Rickie Lambert (Bristol Rovers) – 29
Football League Two
Brentford made a return to League One as champions, the second club to win the fourth tier three times since Doncaster Rovers. Exeter won their second successive promotion, and on the final day of the season managed to pip Wycombe Wanderers for the runners-up spot. Wycombe themselves managed the final automatic promotion spot by virtue of a single goal over Bury. The play-offs were won by Gillingham, who made an immediate return to League One after the previous season's relegation.
Several teams suffered heavy points deductions during the season. Rotherham were docked 17 points at the start of the season and Darlington 10 points later on. Without these penalties they would have both qualified for the play-offs, but instead managed only mid table. Bournemouth also suffered a 17-point deduction pre-season, and halfway through it looked to be enough to cost them their League status; however, a fightback under new manager Eddie Howe saw them climb to safety and secure survival with a game to spare.
Luton suffered the heaviest deduction however, and the loss of 30 points proved too much for them to survive (though they would still have been relegated, albeit while finishing a place higher, had they only suffered the same 17-point deduction as Bournemouth and Rotherham). They suffered their third successive relegation and dropped out of the league, making them only the third English team to suffer three successive relegations, and the first to drop from the second tier to the Conference in successive years. The other relegated team was Chester City, who were statistically the worst team in the division and returned to the Conference after only five years. This would ultimately be the final season that the club completed, as they folded in March 2010, before the end of the following campaign. Grimsby would also have suffered relegation, if not for Luton's points deduction.
Leading goalscorers: Simeon Jackson (Gillingham) – 20, Grant Holt (Shrewsbury Town) – 20, and Jack Lester (Chesterfield) – 20
Movements for the 2009–10 season
Clubs removed
Team Bath (Conference South)
Gresley Rovers (Northern Premier League, Division One South)
Transfer deals
Notable debutants
1 November 2008 – Jordan Henderson, 18-year-old midfielder, makes their debut as a substitute in Sunderland's 5–0 Premier League defeat at Chelsea.
Retirements
14 July 2008 – Neil Moss, 33, former Bournemouth goalkeeper.
20 August 2008 – Alan Stubbs, 36, former Bolton Wanderers, Celtic, Everton, Sunderland and Derby County defender.
28 August 2008 – Andy Cooke, 34, former Burnley, Stoke City, Bradford City, Darlington and Shrewsbury Town striker.
3 September 2008 – Rob Clare, 25, former Stockport County and Blackpool defender.
3 September 2008 – Antti Niemi, 36, former Southampton and Fulham goalkeeper.
25 September 2008 – Christian Roberts, 28, former Cardiff City, Exeter City, Bristol City and Swindon striker.
3 October 2008 – Damien Francis, 29, former Wimbledon, Norwich City, Wigan Athletic and Watford defensive midfielder.
11 November 2008 – Andrew Cole, 37, former Arsenal, Fulham, Bristol City, Newcastle United, Manchester United, Manchester City, Portsmouth, Sunderland, Birmingham City, Burnley and Nottingham Forest striker.
6 December 2008 – Darren Anderton, 36, former Portsmouth, Tottenham Hotspur, Birmingham City, Wolverhampton Wanderers and Bournemouth attacking midfielder.
6 January 2009 – Paul Mitchell, 27, former Wigan Athletic, Halifax Town, Swindon, Wrexham, Barnet and Milton Keynes Dons defender and midfielder.
21 January 2009 – Shane Tudor, 26, former Wolverhampton Wanderers, Cambridge United, Leyton Orient and Port Vale winger.
22 April 2009 – Andy Booth, 35, former Huddersfield Town, Sheffield Wednesday and Tottenham Hotspur striker.
25 April 2009 – Fabian Wilnis, 38, former Ipswich Town and Grays Athletic defender.
15 May 2009 – Martin Laursen, 31, former Aston Villa defender.
End of season – Richie Barker, 34, former Doncaster Rovers, Brighton & Hove Albion, Macclesfield Town, Mansfield Town, Hartlepool United and Rotherham United striker.
References
The Andy Stewart Show was a British television series which aired from 1975 to 1976. Aired on Scottish Television, all 26 episodes are missing, believed lost.
References
External links
The Andy Stewart Show on IMDb
1975 Scottish television series debuts
1976 Scottish television series endings
1970s Scottish television series
Lost television shows
Television shows produced by Scottish Television
English-language television shows
Robert Naiman is a policy analyst, researcher, writer, and activist.  They are formerly the policy director at Just Foreign Policy, and is the president of the board of directors at progressive news organization Truthout. They have master's degrees in economics and mathematics from the University of Illinois.
Naiman writes on U.S. foreign policy at HuffPost and is a frequent commentator on the region's events. They have worked as a policy analyst and researcher at the Center for Economic and Policy Research and the Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch. They have studied and worked in the Middle East, where they have participated in actions "for the legitimate rights of the Palestinian people" and "against injustice," such as the 2011 attempt to break Israel's blockade of Gaza.
Naiman's writings and policy positions have received criticism from both supporters and opponents of Israeli policy towards the Palestinians.
References
External links
Center for Economic and Policy Research official website
Global Trade Watch official website
American activists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Barnafoss () is also known as Bjarnafoss , which was its previous name. Barnafoss is near Hraunfossar which burst out of Hallmundarhraun which is a great lava plain. Barnafoss is a waterfall in Western Iceland, about from Reykjavík. Barnafoss is on the river Hvítá in Borgarfjörður. Hraunfossar flows out of a lava field into Hvítá near Barnafoss, creating a stunning scenery.
In mythology
Many Icelandic folk tales have been associated with Barnafoss, the most famous being about two boys from a nearby farm, Hraunsás. One day, the boys' parents went with their ploughmen to a church. The boys were supposed to stay at home, but as they grew bored they decided to follow their parents. They made a shortcut and crossed a natural stone-bridge that was above the waterfall. But on their way, they felt dizzy and fell into the water and drowned. When their mother found out what had happened, they put a spell on the bridge saying that nobody would ever cross it without drowning himself. A little while later, the bridge was demolished in an earthquake.
Another waterfall, Barnafoss, is on the river Skjálfandafljót near the abandoned farm Barnafell in Ljósavatn County. There the river runs in a narrow, and close to deep canyon. According to legends, young and brave men jumped across its narrowest parts. During prolonged subzero periods, the spray creates an ice arch across the river above the waterfall and sometimes a rope was strung across the river there to quicken this development. Flocks of sheep were driven over that bridge to graze on Þingey, the island between the two branches of the river.
External links
Painting by A. Jónsson
Waterfalls of Iceland
Borgarbyggð
West Volcanic Zone of Iceland
USS Viburnum (AN-57/YN-76) was a which served with the U.S. Navy in the Pacific Ocean theatre of operations. While operating in the Caroline Islands, they were severely damaged when struck by what appeared to be a Japanese torpedo. However, they continued their work as well as they could, and, when they returned to the United States, they were considered too damaged to repair. They were sold in their damaged condition, and was eventually scrapped.
Constructed in California
Viburnum (AN-57) -- a wooden-hulled, net-laying ship—was originally classified as YN-76 when the ship's keel was laid on 9 December 1943 at Stockton, California, by the Pollock-Stockton Shipbuilding Company. Re-classified to AN-57 on 1 January 1944, the ship was launched on 26 April 1944; sponsored by Mrs. R. F. Chavin, the wife of Brigadier General R. F. Chavin, USA, the commanding officer of the United States Army's Stockton Ordnance Depot. Viburnum was commissioned at the Pollock-Stockton yard on 2 June 1944, Lt. Benjamin A. Smith, USNR, in command.
World War II service
Pacific Ocean operations
After shakedown out of the Naval Net Depot, Tiburon Bay, California, and post-shakedown repairs and alterations at Long Beach, California, Viburnum departed Treasure Island, San Francisco, California, on 15 August, bound for Pearl Harbor with two high-speed sled targets in tow. The net-layer reached Pearl Harbor on 27 August, delivered their tows, and subsequently pushed on for Majuro, in the Marshall Islands, where they arrived on 15 September. Assigned to Service Squadron 10, Viburnum shifted to Ulithi, in the Caroline Islands, soon afterwards.
On 28 October 1944, Viburnum was tending the net installation at Doa Channel, Ulithi. Late that morning, they picked up a net section from the depot ship Tuscana (AKN-3) and proceeded to stretch a double net section early in the afternoon.
Struck by a Japanese mine
In 1457, a sudden, violent explosion blew the port side of the forecastle deck upward, and the ship's commanding officer, Lt. Smith, ordered all hands to stand by to abandon ship. The blast had killed two men and blown a dozen others over the side. The latter were swiftly rescued by a boat from Volans (AKS-9). Arapaho (ATF-68) came alongside Viburnum at 1550, joined shortly afterwards by Zuni (ATF-95); the latter consequently moored the stricken net-layer alongside the destroyer tender Dixie (AD-14) for a thorough check of the damage.
The ensuing investigation revealed that a Japanese submarine mine had blown a hole in the starboard side of the ship extending 10 frames' length (from frame 10 to frame 20) and to a point within five feet of the main deck. The explosion had broken the keel, and the hole extended about eight feet up from the keel on the port side. In the ensuing days, a work crew from ARB-6 cleared away the wreckage, and the ship's force recovered the bodies of the two men killed. From November 1944 to January 1945, Viburnum received repairs from Jason (ARH-1) and Vestal (AR-4) before they were docked in floating drydock AFDL-32 and repaired enough to resume active operations about 9 February 1945.
End-of-war operations
Viburnum remained at Ulithi, performing limited harbor work in a protected harbor into the spring of 1945. They sailed for the west coast of the United States on 9 May, stopped briefly at Pearl Harbor en route, and arrived at San Francisco, California, on 5 June.
Post-war evaluation and disposition
Due to the heavy workload on west coast yards for repairs to damaged combatant vessels, the Navy did not desire full restoration of Viburnum. Accordingly, the net-laying ship was decommissioned and placed in an "in-service" status on 12 July 1945.
Viburnum was placed out of service on 3 January 1946, and their disposal was authorized on 17 January. Them name was struck from the Navy list on 21 January, and the former net-layer was transferred to the United States Maritime Commission on 12 August 1947. The vessel was simultaneously delivered to Walter K. Wilms and Co., at Suisun Bay, and was probably scrapped soon afterwards.
References
NavSource Online: Service Ship Photo Archive - YN-76 / AN-57 Viburnum
Ailanthus-class net laying ships of the United States Navy
Ships built in Stockton, California
1944 ships
World War II net laying ships of the United States
Saint Martin's University is a private Benedictine university in Lacey, Washington. It was founded in 1895 as an all-boys boarding school by monks of the Benedictine Order. Saint Martin's began offering college-level courses in 1900 and became a degree-granting institution in 1940. The college became coeducational in 1965. In 2005, it changed its name from Saint Martin's College to Saint Martin's University. It has a functioning Benedictine monastery on school grounds and some members of the monastic community also serve as professors.
History
Saint Martin's patron saint is Saint Martin of Tours, a fourth-century monk and missionary, and later Bishop of Tours. The university and its founder, Saint Martin's Abbey, sit on of woodlands, trees, rocks, and meandering trails. The site was selected in 1894 by Abbot Bernard Locnikar, O.S.B., of Saint John's Abbey, Collegeville, Minnesota, which was the mother abbey of St. Martin's Abbey. At a public auction on April 21, 1894, the wooded parcel that would become the Saint Martin's campus was purchased for $6,920.
Work began on Saint Martin's first building in January 1895, and by late summer, a four-story structure housing both the school and a monastery was completed. The school at that time offered preparatory classes for boys, plus commercial and classical education for older boys and young men. Boarding students who came from outside of town also were housed in the campus' one large building. Today, that structure is referred to as Old Main and continues to house many of the university's classrooms and offices.
Presidents
1955-1959 Father Damian Glenn, OSB
1959-1964 Father Dunstan Curtis, OSB
1964-1971 Father Michael Feeney, OSB
1971-1975 Father Matthew Naumes
1975-1980 Father John Scott, OSB
1980-1984 John Ishii
1984-2005 David Spangler
2005-2008 Douglas Astolfi
2008 Bryan M. Johnston, J.D. (Deceased; never formally inaugurated)
2008-2008 David Spangler (Interim)
2009-2022 Roy F. Heynderickx
2022-present Jennifer Bonds-Raacke
Academics
The college offers 28 baccalaureate programs and fourteen graduate degree programs, and it is best known for its civil & mechanical engineering, business administration, and education programs. The university offers programs and courses at Joint Base Lewis-McChord and Centralia College. The school's education is based around a liberal arts core with an emphasis on Benedictine values.
Colleges and schools
College of Arts and Sciences
College of Education and Counseling
Hal and Inge Marcus School of Engineering
School of Business
Sister schools
Saint Martin's has “sister university” agreements with four Korean universities; Sogang University, Konkuk University, Cheongju University and Sangmyung University. Saint Martin's also has sister universities in other Asian countries, including five in Japan (including Mukogawa Women's University and Reitaku University), three in China (including Shanghai Maritime University), and one in Taiwan (Chung Shan Medical University).
Student life
Residence halls
Baran Hall — Three-story dormitory for upperclassmen
Burton Hall — Apartment-style facility for returning students; houses campus medical center
Spangler Hall — Built in 2005; houses returning students
Parsons Hall — Built in 2008; houses students from all classes (but mostly freshmen)
Sustainability and technology
In the fall semester, 2012, a new 22,000+ square foot engineering building, Cebula Hall, opened. The building was awarded LEED platinum standard. Harned Hall is in accordance with LEED green standards.
Under a new environmental program, between August 29 and December 11, 2008, the cafeteria collected an average of 243 pounds of compostables a day. The composting program took about 27,216 pounds of materials out of the waste stream in Thurston County in the fall semester alone.
The Learning Garden was started at SMU in 2010.
Athletics
The school's sports teams participate in the NCAA's Great Northwest Athletic Conference at the Division II level. The women's basketball team qualified for the NCAA Division II tournament in 1992 and 2008. In the 1940s and 1950s, Saint Martin's had a men's college football team and a boys' high school football team, which won the Washington Class A championship. In the 1990s, the name of the mascot was almost changed to the Ravens. In 2008, the men's basketball team defeated Division I Colorado State Rams men's basketball, making it Saint Martin's first major publicized victory over a D-1 opponent. In 2009, the Men's Soccer team seized the first team title in any sport for Saint Martin's University, winning the Great Northwest Athletic Conference. In 2010, the university hosted a training camp which featured the University of Washington Huskies Men's Basketball Team.
Notable people
Alumni
Jill Lannan, Air National Guard Brigadier General
Clement Leroy "Butch" Otter, 32nd Governor of Idaho
Kyle Sokol, bass guitarist for Rude Squad
Former Major League Baseball players Justin Leone and Dick Ward
Mike Thibault, NBA and WNBA coach
Faculty
David Price, anthropologist
References
External links
St. Martin's University athletics website
St. Martin's Abbey
Educational institutions established in 1895
1895 establishments in Washington (state)
Lacey, Washington
Universities and colleges accredited by the Northwest Commission on Colleges and Universities
Benedictine colleges and universities
Universities and colleges in Olympia, Washington
Catholic universities and colleges in Washington (state)
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seattle
Francisco Agustín Silvela y Blanco (August 28, 1803 – September 20, 1857) was a Spanish exile who returned to become a prominent lawyer and politician following the turmoil after the Peninsular War and restoration of the House of Bourbon in Spain following the French occupation.
Biography
Francisco Agustín Silvela y Blanco was born and baptized in Valladolid, Parish of Santiago on August 28, 1803. They were the son of the writer and Spanish judge Manuel Silvela y García de Aragón, and was, in the words of their father, their "right arm and repository of all my dreams."
Don ('sir') Manuel Silvela, father of Francisco Agustín, had accepted the position of governor of the Royal Household and Royal Court (government) during the French occupation and, although they were to save the lives of thousands of Spanish compatriots, the office was cause enough to merit the appellation "Frenchified" with a meaning similar to "Quisling" which forced them to emigrate to save their lives.
Francisco Agustín accompanied their parents into exile in France.ncis Augustine was hard-working and highly educated. In 1825 they attained the degree of Bachelor of Arts from the Royal Academy of Bordeaux and in 1833 a degree in Law from the University of Paris. They were a member of the Society of Universal Statistics of Madrid, Fellow of the Spanish Royal Academy of Sciences and several other illustrious institutions including a Professorship of Humanities in Bordeaux, taught Ancient and Modern History and Greek language in various educational establishments and held the Royal Academic medal of Honour for Mathematics and Fine Arts from La Universidad de la Purísima Concepción de Valladolid
They were married in the Church of St. Severin of Bordeaux on June 30, 1827 to Luisa María Antonieta Sotés Le Vielleuze the daughter of Colonel of the Regiment of Asturias Don Luis de Le Vielleuze, who was of Belgian descent.
After the death of their father, Francisco Agustín returned to Spain with their family, where they held important positions in the administration of the time.
In 1843 the Duke of Bailen (Regent of the future Isabella II of Spain) was appointed Governor of the Royal Household and Royal Heritage, on the occasion of the declaration of the coming of age Isabel, was appointed a Gentleman of the Royal Bedchamber.
They died in Madrid on September 20, 1857 and was buried in the cemetery of the Sacramental de San Isidro in Madrid.
Politics
In exile in France Francisco Agustín attracted general sympathy among Spanish immigrants of all persuasions, notably the former 'josefino' sympathiser Don Francisco Javier de Burgos, also a refugee in France. The Burgos children and Francisco Agustín were educated in the same school. Upon the death of Ferdinand VII of Spain in 1833, Burgos was appointed Secretary of the Development Office of the Queen Regent, María Cristina.
Javier de Burgos continued to extend their patronage to Manuel Silvela and to their son Francisco Agustín.
In December 1833, Francisco Agustín started their administrative career when they were appointed Secretary for the office of Public Works in the province of Pontevedra, and occasionally acted as Secretary of Public Works in Avila. After three years they joined the Civil Government of Castellón de la Plana. Upon relinquishing that post they left their house and furnishings to the community as 'Casa de Expósitos'. A year later they were appointed political chief of Valencia and La Coruña.
Francisco Agustín then joined the Civil Government of Lleida, and later served on the staff of the Ministry of the Interior as a Member of the Advisory Board and Head of Section of the Ministry.
On December 5, 1838, at a time of great political turmoil, they were appointed Minister of the Interior of a somewhat ephemeral government cabinet, then, after the revolution of 1840, in a time of grace and justice, Don Valentín Ferraz y Barrau a soldier who became both Mayor of Madrid and prime minister of the Spanish Government. The courts agreed to allow Francisco Agustín to continue all the ministerial projects they had initiated.
Between 1837 and 1847 they were elected representative (deputy in the lower house of parliament) for Avila several times, and was finally appointed Vice President of the Congress of Deputies.
In 1847 they were appointed to the upper house of parliament as Senator for Life.
Legal career
Francisco Agustín was admitted as a lawyer of the Courts of the Kingdom of Spain in 1835 entering the Bar Association of Madrid three years later.
In 1839 they were appointed Judge of the Court of A Coruña and in 1841 Judge of Valladolid, in 1843 rising to Supreme Court Judge and Chairman of the Board of the (Spanish Government of) Indies in 1853.
In 1850 they were appointed Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Judges of First Instance.
Successors
Francisco Agustín Silvela and Maria Antoinette had four children: Manuel, Victoria, Luis y Francisco. All three boys were to reach high positions in the government and the administration of their time
Publications
"A question of law", Paris 1829
"Considerations on the need to retain and apply the death penalty in some cases", Madrid 1835
"Draft Electoral Law", Lleida 1836
"Proposition of law relating to the jurisdiction, powers, organization procedures for the Senate and Court" Madrid 1847
"Collection of projects, reports, studies of organic (enabling) laws and administrative practice", Madrid 1839
19th-century Spanish lawyers
1803 births
1857 deaths
People from Valladolid
The Achaemenid Persian Lion Rhyton (in Persian:"تکوک شیر غران") is an ancient artifact related to Achaemenians.
A rhyton is a kind of vessel which normally terminates in the shape of an animal's head or horns. These vessels were common in the Near East and ancient Greece.
Early Iranians used rhyta with an animal head at the end of the vessel; later in the Achaemenid period the animal part of the rhyton was usually located in front of it and at a 90-degree angle to the vessel.
The rhyton was created in circa 500 B.C by some estimates. It is 6.7 in. height (about 17 cm.) and is constructed entirely from gold. The different parts of the artefact are joined together by soldering, done so skilfully as to leave no obvious marks.
This lion head creature was found by Fletcher Fund in 1954 in southwest Persia and is now located in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, United States.
References
Archaeology of the Achaemenid Empire
Persian art
Gold objects
1954 in Iran
Archaeological discoveries in Iran
1954 archaeological discoveries
In the ocean shipping trade, neo-bulk cargo is a type of cargo that is a subcategory of general / break-bulk cargo, that exists alongside the other main categories of bulk cargo and containerized cargo. Gerhardt Muller, erstwhile professor at the United States Merchant Marine Academy and Manager of Regional Intermodal Planning of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, promotes it from a subcategory to being a third main category of cargo in its own right, alongside containerized and bulk cargo.
Description
It comprises goods that are prepackaged, counted as they are loaded and unloaded (as opposed to bulk cargo where individual items are not counted), not stored in containers, and transferred as units at port. Types of neo-bulk cargo goods include heavy machinery, lumber, bundled steel / steel coils, large units of scrap metal, banana bunches, waste paper bundles, and motor vehicles. The category has only become recognized as a distinct cargo category in its own right in recent decades.
Ocean vessels that are designed to carry specific forms of neo-bulk cargo, such as dedicated Roll-on/roll-off car-carrying ships, are called neo-bulk carriers. They are specially designed for the individual types of neo-bulk cargoes that they carry, although car-carriers can sometimes double-up to carry different types of cargo on a return journey. In 2000, the largest neo-bulk car carrier company in the world was Wallenius Wilhelmsen, with a fleet of 20 carrier vessels, and a total haulage that year of 1.5 million vehicles. Other special designs of neo-bulk carriers include log-carriers that are designed to tip their load over the side of the vessel into the water, relying upon the fact that logs will float, or specialist carriers for newsprint or livestock.
References
Reference bibliography
Maritime transport
Dharamkot (aka Dharmkot) is a small hill station in Kangra district in the state of Himachal Pradesh, India.
On the crest of a hill above McLeodGanj, Dharamkot is a spot with wide views of the Kangra Valley and the Dhauladhar ranges. Dharamkot also has the Vipassana meditation centre, Dhamma Shikara, as well as the Tushita Meditation Centre which is a centre for the study and practice of Buddhism in the Tibetan Mahayana tradition.
Past Dharamkot, at a distance of 9 km from McLeodGanj, much of which is a steady climb, Triund is at the foot of the Dhauladhar ranges and is at a height of 2,827 m. The snow line is the most easily accessible in the entire Himalayan range starts from Ilaqua, 4 km from Triund.
Mini Israel
Dharamkot is a locality known as 'Tel Aviv of hills'. It is the only village of state with a Jewish community center – Chabad house, which stands in the middle of the village and looks like 770 Eastern Parkway. Since 1970s, Dharamkot is known as second home for Israeli tourists coming to India, particularly the young who have just finished their two-year compulsory military service. Most of the restaurants here serve Israeli dishes : Falafel, Shakshuka and Hummus with Pitta. Over the time, locals have also acclimatised and many can now fluently speak Hebrew. Signage and boards in the village are also written in Hebrew, and keyboards in Internet cafes have Hebrew letters. Israeli people every year mark ceremonies here to celebrate Jewish New Year known as Rosh-Hashana. Israelis are also drawn to Himachal due to the easy supply of psychedelic drugs, mainly marijuana, in the region.
Triund
The trek to Triund starts from Gallu Devi temple, where people going for this trek are first asked to register their names. From Mcleodganj, a person first must reach Dharamkot via auto or you can simply get a cab straight to Gallu Devi temple.
The trek mostly is a straight route up to Triund. The distance is 11 kilometers and usually takes about 4–5 hours.
The reason it's called Triund is because of the 3 mountains that a person can see from that point. These 3 snow-covered mountains are usually snow-capped throughout the year, so Tri means three and Und means mountains.
Snowline
The next stop after Triund is Snowline. It is a 2-3 hour trek from Triund and usually is a stop for those wanting to go further up to Indrahar Pass. Snowline also presents views and the altitude is also higher than Triund.
Gallery
Villages in Kangra district
Hill stations in Himachal Pradesh
Dharamshala
Lincoln Lindum F.C. was an English association football club from the city of Lincoln, England. It was one of the oldest football clubs in the world.
History
The club was founded in 1861, before the foundation of the Football Association, as the Lincoln Football Club, and the club was an early member of the FA. The first match played by club members under Association laws was on 28 November 1863, a 10 per side game between the senior and junior members of the club. The club changed the law on starting the game - instead of a kick-off, the club decided to have the game started with the side winning the toss throwing the ball up at the centre of the ground, the other side keeping 10 yards distant.
The first "external" game played by the club was against Sheffield FC in February 1865 and was played under Sheffield rules. A return match at Wragby Road was played under Association laws in April 1865. The fixtures were repeated over the next few years, the home side generally winning.
In January 1867, the club played Hull F.C. to the latter's "special code of rules", which were more akin to rugby than football.
By 1868 the club was threatening to withdraw from the FA, on the basis that the association game was not rough enough. By 1872, the club changed its views and affirmed its commitment to the association code. The club did not enter the FA Cup until 1885-86, by which time the club had changed its name to Lincoln Lindum; apparently as a reaction to the foundation of Lincoln City F.C. to emphasize the antiquity of the club.
In that season, the club reached the final of the Lincolnshire Senior Cup, losing to Grimsby Town; however, Lincoln City had put in a protest about the semi-final with Grimsby, on the basis that the referee told the club there would be no extra time, and Grimsby had taken City walking off as forfeiting the tie. As a result of the protest, the FA ordered the Grimsby-City tie to be replayed, which Lincoln City won via forfeit after Grimsby refused to attend, but the Lincolnshire Football Association ignored the FA's ruling and ordered a replay of the final (which Grimsby won again). Ultimately an apology from the Lincolnshire FA to the Football Association was deemed to be the end of the matter. The following year Lincoln City beat Lindum 5-0 in the first round.
FA Cup
The club did not enter the FA Cup until 1885-86, by which time the club had changed its name to Lincoln Lindum; apparently as a reaction to the foundation of Lincoln City F.C. The club beat Grimsby & District in the first round and lost to Redcar in the second. The club entered for the next two years, but did not win another tie.
Decline
The club resolutely remained amateur, while neighbours City turned professional and joined the Football League, as did nearby Gainsborough Trinity. This meant that the club could not remain competitive in national senior competitions; indeed one of the founder members of Lincoln City was the Lincoln captain Richard Mason.
As a result, the club played on the local stage, and, although active until World War 1, had very few matches afterwards; although the club advertised looking for local matches, the only mention of any match from the 1920s is a friendly at Wragby in September 1925.
Revival
The name has been revived on occasion, the first time in 1932.
Colours
The club's colours changed over the years from white and red, via blue and white, to Lincoln green and cardinal:
References
Defunct football clubs in England
Association football clubs established in the 19th century
Association football clubs established in 1861
Danny Hall (born November 27, 1954) is the head baseball coach of the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets. They have been the head coach of Georgia Tech since 1994. Before coming to Tech, they held positions at Miami (OH), Michigan, and Kent State. From 1978 to 1979, they coached at Miami (OH), where they compiled a 69–26 (.726) record. From 1980 to 1987, they coached at Michigan, where they compiled a 368–111–1 record as an assistant coach. From 1988 to 1993, they coached at Kent State, where they compiled a 208–117(.640) record.
Hall's accomplishments put them in the annals of all-time great Georgia Tech coaches. They have compiled an 1140–605–1 record, has led Tech to post-season play 23 out of 28 full seasons, and has taken Tech to its only College World Series appearances in 1994, 2000, and 2006. From 2004 to 2006, Tech has led the ACC with a 74–38 conference record. Hall's 1,140 wins as head coach make them the winningest head coach in all Tech sports history. This includes a school-record 52 wins in 2002. Hall is the only current head coach at Tech with a winning record in its rivalry with Georgia, known as Clean, Old-Fashioned Hate.
Personal
Hall is married to Kara, with whom they have three sons, Danny, Carter and Colin. Carter was selected in the 34th round of the 2015 MLB draft, but chose not to sign and attended Georgia Tech.
Head coaching record
See also
List of current NCAA Division I baseball coaches
List of college baseball coaches with 1,100 wins
References
External links
Georgia Tech profile
1954 births
Living people
Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets baseball coaches
Kent State Golden Flashes baseball coaches
Miami RedHawks baseball coaches
Michigan Wolverines baseball coaches
Miami RedHawks baseball players
Oligolophotes is an extinct genus of fish from the Early Oligocene of the bank of Belaya River in Adygea, the Caucasus Mountains. There is one species, Oligolophotes fragosus, known from the holotype that is estimated to have measured in body length.
References
Lophotidae
Oligocene fish of Asia
Fossil taxa described in 1999
John Eddie (born 1959, Richmond, Virginia) is an American rock singer. Eddie moved to New Jersey in the 1970s and became a popular club circuit musician there, occasionally performing with Bruce Springsteen.
Music career
John's first studio presence was singing backing vocals on Bryan Adams' song "Somebody" on the 1984 album Reckless. John then signed with Columbia Records and released two albums including their 1986 self-titled debut, John Eddie. The first single, "Jungle Boy", from John Eddie peaked on Billboard at #17 Rock and #52 Hot 100. At the label's behest, their long-time band, the Front Street Runners, was replaced for the album by members of Springsteen's E Street Band. They opened for Bob Seger and The Kinks in the late 1980s but was dropped by the label early in the 1990s after the release of their second album, The Hard Cold Truth. They then signed with Elektra Records where they were chosen to represent Elektra on their 40th Anniversary record called Rubaiyat with their version of The Cure's "In Between Days" and recorded a third album, Still in the Same Cage, which, after a lengthy legal dispute, was never released. Since then Eddie has recorded independently and toured extensively; their career saw a resurgence when independent radio promotion person and long-time fan Michele Clark became their manager in 2000. Clark secured a record deal for Eddie with Lost Highway Records and executive produced the 2003 release of Whom the Hell is John Eddie? The album subsequently produced three top 10 singles at the Triple-A Radio format. Kid Rock has covered "Lowlife", "Forty" and "Happy New Year" all written by John Eddie.
Their latest album, entitled Same Old Brand New Me, was released in February 2012, featuring 18 songs. In 2013, the song Eddie co-wrote with Brantley Gilbert, "More Than Miles", became a top country hit for Gilbert, peaking at No. 7 on the Billboard country charts. Eddie also had a song featured in the Zac Efron film, At Any Price, entitled "The Man I Am" that was released as a single April 19, 2013.
On August 16, 2019, it was announced that he, in conjunction with Priscilla Presley, as well as SONY Pictures will create and produce "Agent King" a Netflix adult animated series focussing on Elvis Presley's nightly incursions as a spy for the US Government, while remaining a musician during the day.
Discography
John Eddie (Columbia Records, 1986) US #83
The Hard Cold Truth (Columbia Records, 1989)
Still in the Same Cage (Elektra Records, 1991) (unreleased)
Seven Songs Since My Last Confession (EP) (Lost American Thrill Show, 1997)
Happily Never After (Lost American Thrill Show, 1999)
Guy Walks Into a Bar... John Eddie Live (Lost American Thrill Show, 2001)
Who the Hell is John Eddie? (Lost Highway Records, 2003)
Same Old Brand New Me (Play My Records, 2012)
In Popular Culture
John Eddie's name appears on the club letterboard shown in the closing scenes of Bruce Springsteen's Born in the USA video.
References
External links
http://articles.mcall.com/1986-08-28/entertainment/2536781_1_rock-n-roll-contracts-and-lawyers-john-eddie/2
Guitarists from Virginia
Guitarists from New Jersey
Jersey Shore musicians
1959 births
Living people
American rock guitarists
American male guitarists
20th-century American guitarists
21st-century American guitarists
Musicians from Richmond, Virginia
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
The 1975 Bandy World Championship was the ninth Bandy World Championship and was contested between four men's bandy playing nations. The championship was played in Finland from 25 January-2 February 1975. The Soviet Union became champions.
Participants
Premier tour
25 January
Norway – Finland 1–2
Soviet Union – Sweden 1–3
26 January
Finland – Sweden 2–3
Soviet Union – Norway 8–0
28 January
Norway – Sweden 0–6
Soviet Union – Finland 12–4
29 January
Soviet Union – Sweden 7–2
30 January
Norway – Finland 2–2
1 February
Finland – Sweden 3–6
Soviet Union – Norway 14–2
2 February
Norway – Sweden 1–8
Soviet Union – Finland 5–0
References
1975
1975 in bandy
1975 in Finnish sport
International bandy competitions hosted by Finland
Bandy
Bandy
Trivial () is a 2007 French crime drama film directed by Sophie Marceau and starring Christopher Lambert, Sophie Marceau, and Nicolas Briançon. Written by Marceau, Gianguido Spinelli, and Jacques Deschamps, the film is about a police inspector, struggling with depression following their wife's death, who investigates a suspicious missing person's case at the request of a mysterious woman. Filmed on location in Normandy, France, Trivial is the second feature-length motion picture directed by actor Sophie Marceau.
Plot
Lt. Jacques Renard (Christopher Lambert) is struggling with depression following the untimely death of their beloved wife, Chloé. After six months in a mental hospital following a suicide attempt, the disheveled and lonely Le Havre police lieutenant is still haunted by visions of their wife. One day, Renard finds a mysterious woman (Sophie Marceau) waiting for them in their car. They implore them to visit the manager of the Hotel Normandy, Antoine Bérangère (Robert Hossein), in nearby Deauville in Room 401. They insist that only Renard can help her, and then leaves.
Renard drives to Deauville to the luxury hotel where they meet Bérangère's thirty-nine-year-old son, Camille (Nicolas Briancon), and learns that Bérangère, who worked as manager of the Hotel Normandy for nearly four decades, vanished forty-eight hours earlier under suspicious circumstances. Without identification or money, they took their Mercedes, which they hadn't driven in years, and simply vanished, leaving everything behind except their hunting rifle. When Renard asks about Room 401, Camille insists there is no such room at the hotel.
While searching Bérangère's room, Renard discovers a key to Room 401. After a quick search, they find the room which is decorated with old framed photographs, portraits, and mementos of Bérangère's deceased first wife—a film actor who looks like the mysterious woman they met in their car. Old newspaper clippings reveal that the actor, Victoria Benutti (Sophie Marceau), died in a car accident in 1970, exactly 36 years ago to the day of Bérangère's disappearance. Camille is annoyed by Renard's presence and inquiry, and Renard's partner Pierre (Simon Abkarian) is convinced that this is a simple suicide case. Renard, however, believes that something far more sinister is happening, and the suspicious actions of Antoine's wheelchair-bound second wife, Mélanie (Marie-Christine Barrault), convinces Renard that foul play has occurred.
At the hotel, Renard meets a Duchess (Judith Magre) who tells them how the "ghost of Victoria" still haunts the hotel after all these years. Soon after, they see the mysterious woman and chases them through the hotel and onto the roof, but they elude him. Shortly after the police discover Bérangère's car abandoned on the cliffs at Deauville, a body presumed to be that of Antoine Bérangère turns up in the city morgue, the skull and face obliterated by a gunshot blast from Bérangère's rifle. While investigating the crime scene at the foot of the cliffs, Renard spots the mysterious woman watching from a distance, and chases after them following their Volvo. After losing their trail, they stop at a gas station inquiring about their car, and by chance learns that shortly after Victoria's car accident in 1970, a man in a Mercedes stopped at the station and called for an ambulance. Renard suspects it was Bérangère.
Renard drives to the cemetery where Victoria (and their wife) are buried and finds the mysterious woman's Volvo with a DVD inside labeled "Lucie 1982". Later they watch the DVD of home movies of a teenager—scenes of their undressing and being molested—taken by Bérangère. In search of Lucie's identity, Renard goes back to the mental hospital where they are still being treated and the head nurse confirms that Lucie was indeed treated at the hospital while they were there following their own attempted suicide. Initially Renard has no memory of her, but later they remember them and understands that the mysterious woman he's been pursuing is Lucie, the daughter of Victoria. Looking for Lucie's address, Renard steals the hospital computer containing patient records and goes out searching for her, with their partner Pierre in hot pursuit. Renard is eventually captured and taken to jail. Pierre and their colleagues believe they are mentally unstable.
Camille visits Renard in jail and tells them about their nanny, Evelyne (Brigitte Damiens), who disappeared after the crash. Camille remembers being in the car with their mother Victoria and their new lover, Albert, when Bérangère ran them off the road in 1970. Later at the hotel, Camille confronts their stepmother, Mélanie, who reveals that Victoria and their new lover were taking Camille away from Bérangère. Camille then remembers that at the crash site, Bérangère left Camille in the car while taking the baby Lucie with him. Bérangère later entrusted the baby's care and upbringing to Camille's former nanny, Evelyne. Camille eventually finds Evelyne's apartment where they discover a DVD of home movies showing them being molested by Bérangère.
Meanwhile, Lucie visits Bérangère who was wounded by the tramp they killed—the same tramp their family was planning to cremate. Obsessed with the memory of Victoria, and after years of molesting Lucie, Bérangère staged their own death so that they and Lucie could run away together. Traumatized by years of abuse, Lucie tried but was unable to kill Bérangère.
After Pierre bails them out of jail, Renard goes back to the morgue convinced that the body belongs to some tramp, not Bérangère whom they now knows has been molesting Lucie and controlling them for years. Renard learns from Mélanie that Bérangère might be hiding on the family yacht, Victoria. At the yacht, Renard discovers Bérangère preparing to escape with a bag full of money. As Renard is about to arrest him, Lucie steps forward with a gun and ties up the surprised lieutenant. Once out to sea, Bérangère prepares to kill Renard, but Lucie lets go of the mast which knocks Bérangère into the ocean where they perish. They untie Renard and they return to Deauville. Sometime later, Lucie meets Renard on the cliffs at Deauville, and they embrace and kiss.
Cast
Christopher Lambert as Jacques Renard
Sophie Marceau as Victoria / Lucie
Nicolas Briançon as Camille Bérangère
Simon Abkarian as Pierre
Robert Hossein as Antoine Bérangère
Marie-Christine Barrault as Mélanie Bérangère
Judith Magre as La duchesse
Marilou Berry as Fred
Magali Woch as Constance
Jacques Boudet as Le commissaire Penaud
Laure Duthilleul as Marilou
Firmine Richard as The nurse
Samir Guesmi as The medical student
Valérie Tréjean as Chloé Renard
Georges Benoît as Georges
Denis Menochet as Jean-Luc
Jean-Paul Bonnaire as Mario
Guillaume Gouix as Young cashier
Ahcène Nini as Momo
Brigitte Damiens as Evelyne
Sébastien Seveau as Albert Brieuc
References
External links
2007 films
2000s French-language films
2007 crime drama films
Films set in France
Films shot in France
Films directed by Sophie Marceau
French crime drama films
2000s French films
Codename was a short-lived British television series produced by the BBC in 1970.
An espionage thriller series, Codename recounted the activities of a secret organisation, MI17, being run from a residential hall at Cambridge University. The programme, lasting for one series of thirteen episodes, was produced by Gerard Glaister and starred Clifford Evans, Alexandra Bastedo, Anthony Valentine and Brian Peck. It was preceded by a one-off pilot play, with a different cast.
The leads were well known from other series when this series was originally transmitted, Valentine from Callan, Bastedo from The Champions and Evans from The Power Game, and the first episode featured on the cover of the Radio Times. However, the show failed to capture the public imagination, and no further series were made.
No episodes survive in the BBC archive, though there is a recording of the pilot.
External links
BBC television dramas
Espionage television series
1970s British drama television series
1970 British television series debuts
1970 British television series endings
British college television series
The James Buchanan Walker House, in Centerville, Tennessee, was built in 1903. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
It is Classical Revival in style, designed by Clarence K. Coley. It has a "portico with
tall round reeded columns topped by Scamozzi capitals."
References
National Register of Historic Places in Hickman County, Tennessee
Neoclassical architecture in Tennessee
Houses completed in 1903
František Draškovič (5 April 1911 – 3 June 1979) was a Slovak sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1911 births
1979 deaths
Slovak sculptors
20th-century male artists
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Malacky District
Submission software is a category of computer software that allows its users to publish their products or websites over the Internet. This software is typically used by marketing professionals who work in online marketing. It represents an electronic solution for online marketing as opposed to offline (newspapers, street banners) or media (radio, television) marketing.
Usually these packages allow three types of submissions: automatic, semi-automatic and manual.
Types of submission software
Software submission - allows submitting software products either through the use of PAD files or by filling the websites submission forms
Article submission - submits articles to article directories or online magazines
Website submission - submits website addresses to all kind of directories
Press release submission - applications that allow users to submit press releases to PR websites
RSS submission - submits RSS feeds to RSS publishing sites
References
See also
Portable Application Description
Search engine submission
Publishing software
Navneet Virk (born 23 October 1996) is an Indian cricketer. They made their first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Railways in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy. They made their Twenty20 debut on 10 January 2021, for Railways in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Railways cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Vere Ice Rise () is a small ice rise lying merged within the Wilkins Ice Shelf, lying off the west coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica. It was roughly mapped from the air by British Antarctic Survey on a radio echo sounding flight on 1 February 1967, and later accurately positioned from U.S. Landsat imagery of February 1979. It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1980 after Flight Lieutenant Robert P. Vere, RAF, the second pilot of the Twin Otter aircraft used on the British Antarctic Survey flight.
See also
Dvořák Ice Rise
Martin Ice Rise
Petrie Ice Rises
Ice rises of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of Alexander Island
Tylimanthus pseudosaccatus is a bryophyte, a species from the liverwort family Acrobolbaceae. The family grows on logs, rocks, and soil. Under certain circumstances, however, they are epiphyte, growing on other plant species.
Features
The leaves of Tylimanthus pseudosaccatus, have a shallow depression at the tip, and the margin is finely toothed. The leaves are very fine and are translucent green. The Tylimanthus pseudosaccatus are also robust in size. The finely toothed margins distinguish Tylimanthus pseudosaccatus from other members in the Acrobolbaceae family. The most distinctive feature, however, is the reproductive structure. The position of the reproductive structures most accurately distinguishes the Tylimanthus pseudosaccatus from any other species. The sporophyte (reproductive structure) develops in a pouch at the shoot apex structure.
Tylimanthus pseudosaccatus was initially categorised as a member of Marsupidium. Due to vegetative and morphological similarities, they were re-categorised due to the positioning of the gametangia (reproductive branches). Due to the similarities between the genera, Tylimanthus pseudosaccatus underwent reclassification as a member of the Acrobolbacea family.
Habitat
Tylimanthus pseudosaccatus is located in the Southern Hemisphere, found in Australia. They are endemic to south-east Australia in New South Wales, Victoria, and Tasmania. Their habitat requirement consists of environments which retain moisture. Mostly in forests, wet sclerophyll forests or they could also be found in rainforests. The liverworts are found in environments which are either middle-aged or old-growth forests, as these provide the bryophytes with protection.
Liverworts are significant in their habitats as their presence in an environment offers microhabitats. The importance of the microhabitats is that it creates an environment which is essential for the survival of other organisms. These organisms include protozoa, invertebrates, and eukaryotes. The reasoning for why they create important microhabitats is due to bryophytes been nitrogen fixers. Other organisms depend on nitrogen as it allows for those species to grow and develop, overall improving the quality of the soil.
References
Further reading
Kantvilas G and Jarman SJ. 2012. Lichens and bryophytes in Tasmanian wet eucalypt forest: floristics, conservation and ecology. Phytotaxa 59: 1-31.
Plants described in 1963
Jungermanniales
Altitypotherium is an extinct genus of Notoungulate, belonging to the suborder Typotheria. It lived during the Early Miocene, and its fossilized remains were discovered in South America.
Description
This animal was vaguely similar to a wombat, and its dimensions evocate those of a raccoon ; its skull was approximately 16 centimeters long, while its total length, excluding the tail, was about 80 centimeters. It weighed around 10 kilograms.
Altitypotherium had a tall and narrow snout, with only six pairs of teeth in the maxilla and mandible, a low number when compared to most other notoungulates. It had gliriform upper incisors, with a band of anterior enamel, and lower incisors protruding forward and separated from premolars and molars by a long diastema. It had high-crowned (hypsodont) teeth, and the occlusal surfaces of the molars had two enamel folds halfway through the tooth in the inner surface and outlining three dentin-filled lobes, forming an E-shaped form. The largest species, Altitypotherium paucidens was distinguished from its closest relatives by the loss of the upper third molar.
Classification
The genus Altitypotherium was first described in 2004, based on fossil remains found in the Chucal Formation in Northern Chile, in Early Miocene terrains ; two species are currently known, A. chucalensis and A. paucidens. Fossils attributed, with some uncertainty, to the genus have also been found in Argentina.
Altitypotherium belonged to the family Mesotheriidae, a group of typotheres that diversified during the Cenozoic, giving rise to form the size of a ram. Altitypotherium belonged to the subfamily Mesotheriinae, the most derived clade of the group.
Paleobiology
Altitypotherium was a terrestrial herbivore with fossorial behaviour. It fed on low vegetation, roots and tubers, which it grinded with its powerful posterior teeths. It lived at fairly high altitudes. It shared several similarities, notably its hypsodont teeth, with modern wombats.
Bibliography
D. A. Croft, J. J. Flynn, and A. R. Wyss. 2004. Notoungulata and Litopterna of Early Miocene Chucal Fauna, Northern Chile. Fieldiana Geology 50:1-52
G. M. López, M. G. Vucetich, A. A. Carlini, M. Bond, M. E. Pérez, M. R. Ciancio, D. J. Pérez, M. Arnal, and A. I. Olivares. 2011. New Miocene mammal assemblages from Neogene Manantiales basin, Cordillera Frontal, San Juan, Argentina. In J. A. Salfity, R. A. Marquillas (eds.), Cenozoic Geology of the Central Andes of Argentina 211–226
Typotheres
Miocene mammals of South America
Neogene Chile
Fossils of Chile
Fossil taxa described in 2004
Prehistoric placental genera
The Philippine Racing Club, Inc. (PRC) is a horse racing institution in the Philippines. Founded in 1937 as the Santa Ana Turf Club in Makati, it is located at the Saddle and Clubs Leisure Park in Naic, Cavite where the Santa Ana Park racetrack is situated.
Currently, it is one of the three racing clubs in the Philippines; the other two are the Manila Jockey Club Incorporated (MJCI), and the upstart Metro Manila Turf Club (MetroTurf). PRC is a member of the Philippine Racing Commission (Philracom).
History
PRC was started out in 1937 when a group of Filipino and American business people organized the first racing club during the first years in the Commonwealth era: the Santa Ana Turf Club (SATC). Established as a rival to the Manila Jockey Club, it is the first club to introduce the thoroughbred style of horse racing, and was also organized for the purpose of using horse breeds of "superior quality" for horseracing. In 1939, Commonwealth Act No. 156 was enforced. This Commonwealth Act was later amended through Commonwealth Act No. 156. The purpose of Commonwealth Act No. 156 was to include the Philippine Tuberculosis Society Inc. in the holding of yearly National Grand Derby Races, with the goal of promoting the breeding of local or native horses in the Philippines.
During the Japanese occupation of the Philippines on World War II, the racetrack activities was halted. This was later resumed in 1946 after the war.
In 1947, the ownership of the club was transferred to the Reyes family, led by Don Aurelio Parungao Reyes ("Oreng") who became the club's president until their death in 1972. Following their death, their widow Antonia Reyes took over the operations and the SATC was renamed as the Philippine Racing Club (PRC).
In 1972, the PRC was granted a 25-year franchise through Republic Act No. 6632 to operate a racetrack and conducting horse races.
In 1994, a new management took over the operations of PRC. A year later, PRC's franchise was extended for another 25 years.
In 1996, the PRC acquired a 147-hectare property in Naic, Cavite for a future relocation of the Santa Ana racetrack and made a joint-venture agreement with the Sta. Lucia Realty and Development Corporation for the development of the said property.
In 2008, the PRC held its final year of horse racing activities in Makati.
In 2009, the operations of the PRC and the Santa Ana Park racetrack were transferred to its current site at Saddle and Clubs Leisure Park in Naic, Cavite. The club then entered into a joint venture agreement with Ayala Land and its subsidiary, Alveo Land, in 2011 for the development of the property. The development would later become Circuit Makati, which was opened in 2013.
References
External links
1937 establishments in the Philippines
Sports organizations established in 1937
Horse racing in the Philippines
Horse racing companies
Companies listed on the Philippine Stock Exchange
An attack submarine or hunter-killer submarine is a submarine specifically designed for the purpose of attacking and sinking other submarines, surface combatants and merchant vessels. In the Soviet and Russian navies they were and are called "multi-purpose submarines". They are also used to protect friendly surface combatants and missile submarines. Some attack subs are also armed with cruise missiles, increasing the scope of their potential missions to include land targets.
Attack submarines may be either nuclear-powered or diesel-electric ("conventionally") powered. In the United States Navy naming system, and in the equivalent NATO system (STANAG 1166), nuclear-powered attack submarines are known as SSNs and their anti-submarine (ASW) diesel-electric predecessors were SSKs. In the US Navy, SSNs are unofficially called "fast attacks".
History
Origins
During World War II, submarines that fulfilled the offensive surface attack role were termed fleet submarines in the U.S. Navy and "ocean-going", "long-patrol", "type 1" or "1st class" by continental European navies.
In the action of 9 February 1945, sank while both were at periscope depth. This was the first and so far only intentional sinking of a submerged submarine by a submerged submarine. U-864 was snorkeling, thus producing much noise for Venturers hydrophones (an early form of passive sonar) to detect, and Venturer was fortunate in having over 45 minutes to plot the U-boat's zig-zag course by observing the snorkel mast. Venturers commander, James S. "Jimmy" Launders, was astute in assuming the U-boat would execute an "emergency deep" maneuver once it heard the torpedoes in the water, thus the "spread" of four torpedoes immediately available was aimed on that assumption. One hit, sinking the U-boat.
Following World War II, advanced German submarines, especially the Type XXI U-boat, became available to the Allies, particularly the United States Navy and the Soviet Navy. Initially, the Type XVII U-boat, with a Walter hydrogen peroxide-fueled gas turbine allowing high sustained underwater speed, was thought to be more developed than was actually the case, and was viewed as the submarine technology of the immediate future. However, the Type XXI, streamlined and with a high battery capacity for high submerged speed, was fully developed and became the basis for most non-nuclear submarine designs worldwide through the 1950s. In the US Navy, the Greater Underwater Propulsion Power Program (GUPPY) was developed to modernize World War II submarines along the lines of the Type XXI. By 1955 the U.S. Navy was using the term 'attack submarine' to describe the GUPPY conversions and the first postwar submarines (the and the ).
Beginnings of a separate hunter-killer submarine type (SSK)
It was realized that the Soviet Union had acquired Type XXI and other advanced U-boats and would soon be putting their own equivalents into production. In 1948 the US Navy prepared estimates of the number of anti-submarine warfare (ASW)-capable submarines that would be needed to counter the hundreds of advanced Soviet submarines that were expected to be in service by 1960. Two scenarios were considered: a reasonable scenario assuming the Soviets would build to their existing force level of about 360 submarines, and a "nightmare" scenario projecting that the Soviets could build submarines as fast as the Germans had built U-boats, with a force level of 2,000 submarines. The projected US SSK force levels for these scenarios were 250 for the former and 970 for the latter. Additional anti-surface (i.e., 'attack'), guided missile, and radar picket submarines would also be needed. By comparison, the total US submarine force at the end of World War II, excluding obsolescent training submarines, was just over 200 boats.
A small submarine suitable for mass production was designed to meet the SSK requirement. This resulted in the three submarines of the K-1 class (later named the Barracuda class), which entered service in 1951. At surfaced, they were considerably smaller than the boats produced in World War II. They were equipped with an advanced passive sonar, the bow-mounted BQR-4, but had only four torpedo tubes. Initially, a sonar located around the conning tower was considered, but tests showed that bow-mounted sonar was much less affected by the submarine's own noise.
While developing the purpose-built SSKs, consideration was given to converting World War II submarines into SSKs. The less-capable was chosen for this, as some of the deeper-diving - and boats were being upgraded as GUPPYs. Seven Gato-class boats were converted to SSKs in 1951–53. These had the bow-mounted BQR-4 sonar of the other SSKs, with four of the six bow torpedo tubes removed to make room for the sonar and its electronics. The four stern torpedo tubes were retained. Two diesel engines were removed, and the auxiliary machinery was relocated in their place and sound-isolated to reduce the submarine's own noise.
The Soviets took longer than anticipated to start producing new submarines in quantity. By 1952 only ten had entered service. However, production was soon ramped up. By the end of 1960 a total of 320 new Soviet submarines had been built (very close to the USN's 1948 low-end assumption), 215 of them were the Project 613 class (NATO Whiskey class), a smaller derivative of the Type XXI. Significantly, eight of the new submarines were nuclear-powered.
Nuclear era
End of the U.S. conventional hunter-killers (SSK)
, the world's first nuclear submarine, was operational in 1955; the Soviets followed this only three years later with their first Project 627 "Kit"-class SSN (NATO November class). Since a nuclear submarine could maintain a high speed at a deep depth indefinitely, conventional SSKs would be useless against them except in shallow water. As the development and deployment of nuclear submarines proceeded, in 1957–59 the US Navy's SSKs were decommissioned or redesignated and reassigned to other duties. It had become apparent that all nuclear submarines would have to perform ASW missions.
Other new technologies
Research proceeded rapidly to maximize the potential of the nuclear submarine for the ASW and other missions. The US Navy developed a fully streamlined hull form and tested other technologies with the conventional , commissioned in 1953. The new hull form was first operationalized with the three conventional boats and the six nuclear boats, when both classes entered service beginning in 1959. The was declared the "world's fastest submarine" following trials, although the actual speed was kept secret.
Sonar research showed that a sonar sphere capable of three-dimensional operation, mounted at the very bow of a streamlined submarine, would increase detection performance. This was recommended by Project Nobska, a 1956 study ordered by Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Arleigh Burke. The one-off in 1960 and the starting in 1961 were the first with a bow-mounted sonar sphere; midships torpedo tubes angled outboard were fitted to make room for the sphere.
Failure to develop a U.S. nuclear hunter-killer (SSKN)
Tullibee was a type of nuclear-powered SSK; technologically very successful, intentionally slow but ultra-quiet with turbo-electric drive. Them unexpectedly high cost compared with the Thresher proved it was impossible to build a low-cost nuclear SSK (several nuclear reactor features could not be scaled down beyond a certain point, including radiation shielding). This result coupled with their lower performance was judged to be not cost-effective and the type was not repeated; the Navy decided to merge the hunter-killer role with the attack submarines, making the terms interchangible. Thresher was faster and had an increased diving depth, carried twice as many torpedoes, included comparable sound silencing improvements, and was commissioned only nine months later.
Thresher'''s loss in April 1963 triggered a major redesign of subsequent US submarines known as the SUBSAFE program. However, Threshers general arrangement and concept were continued in all subsequent US Navy attack submarines.
Later developments
Britain commissioned its first nuclear attack submarine in 1963.
The first fully streamlined Soviet attack submarines were the Project 671 "Yorsh" class (NATO Victor I class), which first entered service in 1967.
China commissioned its first nuclear attack submarine Changzheng 1 in 1974, and France its first Rubis-class submarine in 1983. Déconstruction : le SNA « Rubis » attendu début 2017 à Cherbourg, le marin.fr
The only time in history that a nuclear attack submarine engaged and sank an enemy warship was in the Falklands War, when on 2 May 1982 the British nuclear submarine torpedoed and sank the Argentine light cruiser .
As of 2021 Brazil has a nuclear attack submarine under construction, India has finalized a nuclear attack submarine interim design, and Australia has started a nuclear attack submarine program under the AUKUS security pact with UK and US assistance. This article contains quotations from this source, which is available under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Licence.
Modern conventional submarines
Conventional attack submarines have however remained relevant throughout the nuclear era, with the British class and the Soviet , , and classes being good examples which served during the Cold War. With the advent of air-independent propulsion technology, these submarines have grown more and more capable. Examples include the Type 212, and classes of submarine. The US Navy leased to perform the opposing force role during ASW exercises tactics. The Gotland caused a stir in 2005 when during training it "sank" the American carrier .
Operators
operates six s.
operates one Type 209 submarine and one (however neither are active).
operates six s.
operates two Ming-class submarines.
operates five Type 209 submarines and three s.
operates four s purchased from the United Kingdom.
operates two Type 209 submarines and two s.
operates 9 Shang-class submarines, 3 Han-class submarines, 18 Yuan-class submarines, 12 Song-class submarines, 12 s, and 4 Ming-class submarines.
operates two s, one and one .
operates two Type 209 submarines.
operates two Type 209 submarines.
operates four Type 209 submarines and four s.
operates five s and one .
operates six Type 212 submarines.
operates four Type 209 submarines, four s, eight s.
operates three s and one .
operates seven Type 209 submarines and four Type 214 submarines.
operates three s.
operates six s.
operates four Type 212 submarines and four s.
operates 12 s, 9 s, and one .
operates 20 s.
operates nine s and eight Type 214 submarines.
operates two s.
operates a single , purchased from India, and a single Ming-class submarine purchased from China.
operates four s.
operates six s.
operates five s.
operates six Type 209 submarines.
operates one .
operates two Type 214 submarines.
possesses a single , though it is not operational.
operates 10 s, 2 s, two s, c. 21 s (of which nine are the "Improved Kilo" variant), and one .
operates two s and two s, all purchased from Sweden.
operates three Type 209 submarines.
operates two s.
operates three s and one .
operates 12 Type 209 submarines.
operates four s and one .
operates 28 s, three s, and 21 s.
operates two Type 209 submarines.
operates six s.
Former operators
lost its entire fleet following the Empire's collapse after World War I.
two s were seized by the Soviet Union in 1940.
forced to decommission all five of its submarines following World War II under the Paris Peace Treaty.
decommissioned its last in 1951.
retired its six s from active service in 1984.
retired all four of its s in 1989.
retired all three of its s in the 1990s.
retired all three of its s in 1993.
retired its last two s and its lone in 2005.
transferred its entire navy to Montenegro upon their independence in 2006.
decommissioned its last in 2006.
two s were seized by the Soviet Union in 1940. After Estonia regained independence in 1991, it took back , and was kept in ceremonial commission as the flagship until 2011.
decommissioned its last , Slava'' in 2011.
only submarine, , was captured by the Russian Navy during the 2014 Annexation of Crimea.
See also
List of submarine classes in service
List of submarine operators
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Ship types
Mixed Doubles may refer to:
Entertainment
Mixed Doubles (play), a 1969 British play
"Mixed Doubles" (Frasier), an episode of the American television comedy series Frasier
Mixed Doubles (1933 film), a 1933 British comedy film
Mixed Doubles (2006 film), a 2006 Indian film directed by Rajat Kapoor
Mixed Doubles (2017 film), a Japanese film
See also
Mixed doubles sports
Bouguer is a lunar impact crater that lies along the southern edge of the Mare Frigoris, to the north of the crater Bianchini. To the west-southwest of Bouguer, along the same shore of the mare, is the crater Foucault. Nearly due west is the more prominent Harpalus, and to the west is La Condamine.
This is a relatively young crater with well-defined edge. The formation is relatively circular, but there are slight outward bulges to the east, north-northwest, and southwest. There is some evidence of slumping in the eastern bulge. The interior floor occupies about half the crater diameter, and is relatively level and featureless.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Bouguer.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Operation: Entertainment was an American musical comedy television program that was directly aimed at past and present veterans of the military.
The show was produced and created by producer and game show host Chuck Barris along with Bill Carruthers. It was first televised on ABC on January 5, 1968. Louis Armstrong was a performer on the pilot episode. Each week, the show was filmed at a different military base and had a different host. The show's regulars were Jim Lange, the Terry Gibbs Band, and the Operation: Entertainment girls. (Sivi Alberg, Darien Daniels, Marina Gahne and Eileen O'Neill). The show was announced by Johnny Jacobs.
The series aired a total of 31 episodes, 52 minutes in length each which were broadcast between January 5, 1968–January 24, 1969.
The show's pilot music used a Terry Gibb's tune called "Pretty Blue Eyes". During the show's series, the closing theme was a Cole Porter tune called "You'd Be So Nice To Come Home To", performed live with the Terry Gibbs Dream Band.
Jack Shea was the director, and Ruth Goldberg was the talent coordinator.
Episodes
The premiere episode featured Vikki Carr, the Lennon Sisters, and The Checkmates Ltd. at Camp Pendleton, California.
Flip Wlison was hot for the April 5, 1968, episode.
The September 27, 1968, episode had Martha Raye, Phil Harris, Slappy White, and Nancy Ames.
References
External links
1968 American television series debuts
1969 American television series endings
1960s American variety television series
American Broadcasting Company original programming
Moucha Island is a small coral island off the coast of Djibouti. It is located at the center of the Gulf of Tadjoura. The island is part of the Djibouti Region; the island has a total population of about 20 inhabitants, which increases considerably during the summer.
The island was occupied by Great Britain from 1840 to 1887.
History
In August 1840, the conclusion of a treaty of friendship and commerce between the Sultan Mohammed bin Mohammed of Tadjoura and Commander Robert Moresby of the Indian Navy describes the sale of Moucha Island to Great Britain for ten sacks of rice. The sale is, however, contingent upon occupation. In 1887, Britain ceded sovereignty of the island to France while recognizing the French sphere of influence in the Gulf of Tadjoura, in exchange for the abandonment by France of any right in Zeila and the neighboring Sa'ad ad-Din Islands.
In 1900, a quarantine station was built to accommodate persons in health quarantine, but it was ultimately not used for lack of available medical personnel.
The islands were used by Henry de Monfreid in 1914 as a weapons cache to try to sell smuggled arms. After the deposit was discovered, a "detachment indigenous guards" was installed on the island and occupancy restricted. This monitoring station was removed in May 1915.
Physical geography
Moucha Island is the largest island in Djibouti. Less than 3 km long, Moucha Island's mainland is surrounded by the smaller Maskali Islands, a few islets and a coral reef. It lies approximately south of the Djibouti's mainland
Climate
It enjoys significantly more sunny days and high temperatures throughout the year. Featuring an arid climate (Köppen: BWh), temperatures range from very warm during the months of December, January and February, to extremely hot in July. There are two seasons: a summer dry season from May to October and a relatively cool season from November to April (winter).
Gallery of photos
Economy
The economy of Moucha is predominantly based on services and tourism. Moucha Island is one of the popular holiday destinations in Djibouti. Musha, the main city on the island, is served by the Moucha Airport. All of these islands, sometimes collectively referred to as Moucha Islands, are well-known diving sites.
References
Islands of Djibouti
The lira (plural lire; abbreviation: SML) was the currency of San Marino from the 1860s until it was replaced by the euro on 1 January 2002. It was equivalent and pegged to the Italian lira. Italian coins and banknotes and Vatican City coins were legal tender in San Marino, while Sammarinese coins, minted in Rome, were legal tender throughout Italy, as well as in the Vatican City.
Coins
San Marino's first coins were copper c.5, issued in 1864. These were followed by copper c.10, first issued in 1875. Although these copper coins were last issued in 1894, silver c.50, 1 Lira, 2 Lire and 5 Lire were issued in 1898, with the 1 Lira and 2 Lire also minted in 1906.
The Sammarinese coinage recommenced in 1931, with silver 5 Lire, 10 Lire and 20 Lire, to which bronze c.5 and c.10 were added in 1935. These coins were issued until 1938.
In 1972, San Marino began issuing coins again, in denominations of 1 Lira, 2 Lire, 5 Lire, 10 Lire, 20 Lire, 50 Lire, 100 Lire and 500 Lire, all of which were struck to the same specifications as the corresponding Italian coins. 200 Lire coins were added in 1978, followed by bimetallic 500 Lire and 1,000 Lire in 1982 and 1997, respectively. 50 Lire and 100 Lire were reduced in size in 1992. All of these modern issues changed design every year.
Lira coins for San Marino discontinued after the introduction of the euro. However, San Marino has licence to—and periodically does—issue its own euro coins.
See also
Sammarinese euro coins
Central Bank of San Marino
References
External links
All coins from 1972 to 2000
Currencies of San Marino
Modern obsolete currencies
Currencies of Europe
Currencies replaced by the euro
1860s establishments in San Marino
2002 disestablishments in Europe
The Cleveland Museum of Natural History is a natural history museum located approximately five miles (8 km) east of downtown Cleveland, Ohio in University Circle, a 550-acre (220 ha) concentration of educational, cultural and medical institutions. The museum was established in 1920 by Cyrus S. Eaton to perform research, education and development of collections in the fields of anthropology, archaeology, astronomy, botany, geology, paleontology, wildlife biology, and zoology. The museum traces its roots to the Ark, formed in 1836 on Cleveland's Public Square by William Case, the Academy of Natural Science formed by William Case and Jared Potter Kirtland, and the Kirtland Society of Natural History, founded in 1869 and reinvigorated in 1922 by the trustees of the Cleveland Museum of Natural History.
Donald Johanson was the curator of the museum when they discovered "Lucy," the skeletal remains of the ancient hominid Australopithecus afarensis. The current Curator and Head of the Physical Anthropology Department is Yohannes Haile-Selassie.
In 2002, the new Fannye Shafran Planetarium was built near the entrance to the museum, containing displays on the planets in the Solar System, and historical instruments of exploration, such as compasses and astrolabes.
History
The Cleveland Museum of Natural History traces its founding, in part, back to the 1830s. A two-room frame house located on the northeast side of Public Square, known as the Ark, housed taxidermy ranging from birds to reptiles and mammals. This was the collection of Leonard Case, Sr., who passed the collection and building to their sons Leonard Case, Jr. and William Case. The Ark was frequented by a group of 26 men known as Arkites. These men collected, researched, and discussed findings with each other. There were no museums in Cleveland at the time.
In 1876 the Ark moved to nearby Case Hall. The original structure was torn down to build a post office. The collection remained there until 1916, when the facility was converted to the Cleveland Public Library.
The Cleveland Museum of Natural History, as it is known today, was founded in 1920. It was located in an office of the Lennox Building. At the end of the following year, the museum moved to a mansion on Euclid Avenue, a part of Cleveland's millionaires' row. This location was first opened to the public June 24, 1922.
The museum received the precious stone collection of Jeptha Wade II, after their death in 1926. In 1930, the museum organized a ornithological safari to Kenya, expanding the Case collection. The Haplocanthosaurus dinosaur, discovered by museum crew in 1954, is one of the most complete examples ever found of this 70-footlong sauropod. Beyond their walls, the museum participated in the operation of the Cleveland Zoo from 1940 and 1975; it also served as a leading force behind the creation of the Cleveland Aquarium, which it administered until 1985. In 1995 the museum maintained 12 natural areas in surrounding counties as sanctuaries.
In 1958, the museum moved to its current location in University Circle at Wade Park. The new, two-level building housed exhibits and educational activities, while the collections were stored off-site. Additions quickly followed, including an observatory, planetarium and the Kirtland Hall of Nature.
The Ralph Mueller Observatory opened in December 1960. It houses a 10½-inch refracting telescope built by the Warner & Swasey Co. of Cleveland in 1899. J.A. Brashear Company of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, a division of American Optical Company, ground the optics. Warner & Swasey Co. originally donated the telescope to Western Reserve College (now Case Western Reserve University). It was located on the roof of the university's physics building for 61 years before being acquired by the museum.
An 85,000 square feet addition in 1972 enlarged the Museum, adding galleries, the Murch Auditorium, the Harold T. Clark Library and Rare Book Room, classrooms, a paleontology laboratory, and the front entrance and lobby. This created a circular building with a courtyard in the middle.
In 1973, curator Donald Johanson joined an archeological expedition in Ethiopia, where they discovered "Lucy," deemed one of the most important fossil finds in human evolutionary studies. This Australopithecus afarensis demonstrated modern upright walking in a 3.2 million-year-old female hominin.
A new 62,000-square-foot wing on the back of the Museum was completed in 1989. It added a large exhibit hall for traveling exhibits, as well as an expanded gift shop and three floors for collections and administrative offices.
In January 2002, Shafran Planetarium opened to the public. Designed by Cleveland architectural and engineering firm Westlake Reed Leskosky (now DLR Group), the building exterior functions as an astronomical instrument. Nightly, visitors can use the building's angled roof to locate Polaris. The building's titanium-coated, stainless-steel outer covering sparkles with stars created by embedded fiber-optic lighting. This system emits a subtle glow without contributing to the light pollution above University Circle.
On June 24, 2021, ground broke on a 50,000-Square-Foot Expansion as part of the museum's Centennial Transformation Project. The design by DLR Group is said to evoke the melting ice that made the Great Lakes region and the impact of water on the communities. The project is expected to be completed in 2026.
Exhibits
Museum collections total more than four million specimens and include specimens of paleontology, zoology, archaeology, mineralogy, ornithology, and a variety of other scientific subjects.
A beloved full-scale model of a Stegosaurus on the lawn delights Cleveland children.
Some of the more important specimens are:
An extensive collection of Late Devonian fossil fish from the Cleveland Shale, including several mounted skulls of the arthrodire placoderm Dunkleosteus.
Nine hundred monkey and ape skeletons, and more than 3,100 human skeletons (the Hamann-Todd Collection).
A skull of a juvenile Tyrannosaurus once believed to be the only specimen of the small tyrannosaur Nanotyrannus lancensis.
The holotype of the Haplocanthosaurus sauropod.
The most complete mount of a Coelophysis bauri.
Mounted taxidermy remains of Balto the sled dog.
An extensive mineralogy collection that includes a Moon rock and the Jeptha Wade gem collection.
Replica skeletons of TriceratopsTriceratops and Jane, a juvenile tyrannosaurid.
Multiple mastodon and mammoth specimens.
A cast of an Australopithecus afarensis skeleton, an early hominid affectionately dubbed Lucy.
A new Tyrannosaurus skeleton that is now on display.
The museum's AllosaurusAllosaurus has been remounted and is on display.
A collection of 30,000 plant fossils acquired from the University of Cincinnati by former curator of paleobotany, Shya Chitaley.
A Foucault pendulum underneath in which the Bicentennial Education Time Capsule was buried in 1996 and will be opened in 2046.
The museum has made many discoveries over the years. Recently, in Vertebrate Paleontology, both the remains of a Titanichthys in Ohio and a new ceratopsian, Albertaceratops nesmoi, have been made. Both are expected to go on display eventually.
Hamann-Todd Collection
The Hamann-Todd Collection is a collection of more than 3100 human skeletons and over 900 primate skeletons that were assembled starting in 1893. The collection was originally housed at Western Reserve University Medical School in a new medical building that was built for that purpose. The first floor of this building contained the Hamann Museum of Comparative Anthropology and Anatomy. However, due to the costs of storing the bones, the collection was transferred to the Cleveland Museum of Natural History.
In 1893, Carl August Hamann initiated the collection. Its administration was taken over by T. Wingate Todd after Hamann was named dean of Western Reserve University's medical school in 1912. Todd managed to assemble the great majority of the human skeletons in the collection, over 3000, before their death in 1938.
Perkins Wildlife Center
The Ralph Perkins II Wildlife Center and Woods Garden presented by Key Bank, which includes live animals and plants native to Ohio, opened on September 3, 2016.
References
External links
Cleveland Museum of Natural History
Museums in Cleveland
Natural history museums in Ohio
University Circle
Museums established in 1920
Planetaria in the United States
1920 establishments in Ohio
Institutions accredited by the American Alliance of Museums
Dinosaur museums in the United States
Paleontology in Ohio
DVB Bank SE is part of the DZ BANK Group and a specialist in international transportation finance, based in Frankfurt/Main, Germany.
The Bank was listed on the Frankfurt Exchange and today is wholly-owned by DZ BANK. About 330 employees work at the offices in Frankfurt/Main, Amsterdam, London, Curaçao, Singapore and Tokyo.
History
The institute was founded on 18 May 1923 as Deutsche Verkehrs-Kredit-Bank AG (German traffic credit-Bank AG; DVKB) by several banks and industrial companies, initially to freight deferrals for the German Reichsbahn.
After World War II, DVKB, specialized in cargo deferral, which was fixed by law. 1949 after the unification of the two main locations in Frankfurt and Hamburg, the head office in Frankfurt was established. It also operated numerous branches in other German cities.
In 1988, the DVKB was placed on the stock exchange, the German Federal Railways held 75.1 percent stake. In 1991, it was named Deutsche Verkehrs-Bank AG (German traffic Bank AG), in 1997 named Deutsche VerkehrsBank AG (German Transport AG) and 2002 changed its name again to DVB Bank AG. Since 1 October 2008, it has been trading as DVB Bank SE.
As a consequence of the financial crisis, DVB suffered from exposure to a prolonged slump in the global container shipping industry. DZ Bank entered talks to sell DVB to Japan's Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group in 2015, but no deal materialized at the time.
In 2017, DZ Bank bought out minority shareholders in DVB, facilitating a sale of the business. The following year, it put individual tranches of DVB up for sale after failing to find a buyer for the business as a whole, partly due to low offers and its pressured shipping business. By early 2019, Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group agreed to buy the entire DVB aviation financing portfolio, which stood at 5.6 billion euros ($6.37 billion) at the time.
Shareholders
As part of a squeeze-out under stock corporation law, the shares of all DVB minority shareholders were transferred to DZ Bank in August 2017. Subsequently, trading in DVB Bank SE shares on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange was discontinued.
Financials
Consolidated net income before taxes amounted to EUR-294.8 million in 2020. Total assets totaled EUR10.2 billion and DVB's nominal volume of customer lending was EUR3.9 billion.
References
External links
Banks based in Frankfurt
The 2013–2014 UCI Cyclo-cross World Cup events and season-long competition took place between 20 October 2013 and 26 January 2014, sponsored by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI).
The men's competition was won by the Dutchman Lars van der Haar, who also won three of the seven races. World Champion Sven Nys was quickly out of competition for the general classification after having several mechanical problems in the first race, resulting in them giving up, and a total off-day in the second race where they only finished 22nd. Previous World Cup winner Niels Albert, of Belgium, won two races, but still finished only third in the general after their German teammate Philipp Walsleben; Walsleben did not manage to win any of the races, but consistently ranked high, grabbing four podium spots.
Katie Compton of the United States dominated the women's competition, winning five of the seven races. The remaining two were won by World Champion Marianne Vos who had undergone a cyst removal operation in November making them miss the races in Koksijde and Namur.
Events
In comparison to last season's eight races, this season only had seven. Plzeň, Roubaix and Hoogerheide were taken out of the programme – the latter ultimately hosting the World Championships – while Valkenburg and Nommay were added.
Individual standings
Men
Women
References
World Cup
World Cup
UCI Cyclo-cross World Cup
Gongidi Sunitha Mahender Reddy (born 16 August 1969) is an Indian politician.  They are a member of the Telangana Legislative Assembly representing Alair constituency of Yadadri Bhuvanagiri district and also Government Whip.  They are a member of Telangana Rashtra Samithi party.
Early life
Karingula Sunitha Rani was born on 16 August 1969 in Hyderabad, Telangana to Sarala and Narsimha Reddy, in a lower-middle-class family. They did their schooling from Wesley Girls High School, Secunderabad and B.Com. from Osmania University.
Career
Sunitha Reddy worked in a private company during their graduation to support their family. Even after their marriage they remained in their job until their political entry.
Political career
They entered politics in June 2001 by joining TRS party. They won as Yadagirigutta MPTC, MPP from 2001 to 2006. They were State General secretary in TRS Party during 2002. They won the post of Sarpanch in 2006 - 2011 from Vangapally.  They are a member of TRS Politbureau since 2009.
They won the 2014 Assembly elections with a majority of over 30,000 over Budida Bixmaiah Goud of the Indian National Congress. In the 2018 Telangana Legislative Assembly election, they were re-elected with a majority of 33086 votes.
They also worked with an NGO, HELP, that works for employability of underprivileged women.
Political statistics
Personal life
Sunitha married Gongidi Mahender Reddy, a TRS party member in 2001. They have two daughters.
References
1969 births
Living people
Telangana MLAs 2014–2018
Telangana Rashtra Samithi politicians
Women in Telangana politics
21st-century Indian women politicians
21st-century Indian politicians
Telangana MLAs 2018–2023
On 1 December 2021, a gang of armed men broke into a prison in Tula de Allende, Hidalgo state, Mexico.
Incident
At around 4am on 1 December 2021, gangsters arrived at the building, they proceeded to car-ram and then blow up a pair of vehicles, catching the prison guards' attention. Gunshots were fired by the criminals.
Just as local security forces began to react, two more cars exploded, allowing the gang to successfully storm the jail.
Aftermath
Nine inmates were freed, including José Artemio Maldonado Mejía, more well known as "El Michoacano", a local drug lord and head of a Mexican drug cartel, the Pueblos Unidos. The next day, Mexican police managed to recapture three inmates and 8 criminals involved in the prison raid.
Two law enforcement officers, one a police officer and the second a guard, were injured in the attack.
The government of Hidalgo has launched an investigation aiming to track the criminals down. The program is still ongoing.
Car bombs are a rare occurrence in Mexico; the most notable example of their usage occurring in 2010.
References
2021 crimes in Mexico
21st century in Hidalgo (state)
Attacks on buildings and structures in 2021
Attacks on buildings and structures in Mexico
Car and truck bombings in North America
Crime in Hidalgo (state)
December 2021 crimes in North America
December 2021 events in Mexico
Explosions in Mexico
Improvised explosive device bombings in 2021
Mexican drug war
Organized crime conflicts in Mexico
Organized crime events in Mexico
Prison escapes
Violent non-state actor incidents in Mexico
Prison uprisings in Mexico
Attacks in Mexico in 2021
The Theban Tomb TT3 is located in Deir el-Medina, part of the Theban Necropolis, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite to Luxor. It is the burial place of the ancient Egyptian artisan (his exact title was Servant in the Place of Truth), Pashedu and their family.
Pashedu was a son of Menna and Huy. Their wife was named Nedjmet-behdet. Pashedu was also owner of TT326.
See also
List of Theban tombs
References
Theban tombs
The Écrivains de Marine is a French association bringing together twenty writers with knowledge and practice of the sea. Founded in 2003 by Jean-François Deniau in close partnership with the French Navy, the writers of the Navy in an agreement signed with the Ministry of Defence which undertakes to "collectively serve the navy, promote and preserve the culture and heritage of the sea, and more generally promote the maritime dimension of France".
The members are unanimously co-opted with the approval of the Chief of Staff of the French Navy. Although they have only associative status, which differs from the status of the Navy Painters, Navy writers may embark on ships of the National Navy and are authorized to wear uniform. They are assimilated to the rank of frigate captain.
Its members include Erik Orsenna, Jean Raspail et Isabelle Autissier among others. Since 2007 its president is Didier Decoin.
Current members
Didier Decoin, of the académie Goncourt, President
Patrick Poivre d'Arvor, vice-president
, Counter admiral, a member of the académie de Marine, general secretary
Isabelle Autissier
Jean Rolin
Loïc Finaz, Counter admiral
Olivier Frébourg
Titouan Lamazou
Erik Orsenna, of the Académie française,
Yann Queffélec
Jean Raspail
Jean-Christophe Rufin, of the Académie française,
Sylvain Tesson
Daniel Rondeau
Patrice Franceschi
Dominique Le Brun
Emmelene Landon
Anne Quemere
Former members
Jean-François Deniau of the Académie française (1928–2007), president-founder
Bertrand Poirot-Delpech, of the Académie française (1929–2006)
Bernard Giraudeau (1947–2010)
Michel Mohrt, of the Académie française (1914–2011)
Pierre Schoendoerffer, member of the Institut de France (1928–2012)
Simon Leys (1935–2014)
, of the Académie de Marine
Michel Déon, of the Académie Française (1919–2016)
See also
Peintre de la Marine
References
External links
Site de la Marine nationale
Les écrivains de Marine, with Didier Decoin
Les Écrivains de Marine
Les Écrivains de Marine montent à bord on L'Express (8 July 2011)
French Navy
French writers' organizations
Nautical fiction
The 1890 Orange Athletic Club football team was an American football team that represented the Orange Athletic Club in the American Football Union (AFU) during the 1890 football season. The Orange team played its home games in East Orange, New Jersey, and compiled a 5–4–1 record (3–1 against AFU opponents).
Schedule
References
Orange Athletic Club
Orange Athletic Club football seasons
Orange Athletic Club football
Natalia Warner is a British actor.
Career
Warner made their film debut in Richard Ayoade's dystopian thriller The Double, which received a positive review from Empire. They star as the female lead in Shoreline Entertainment's romantic drama Learning to Breathe (Official Selection at the 2016 London Raindance Film Festival), and British comedy The Five Wives and Lives of Melvyn Pfferberg, an Official Selection at the 2016 LA Shorts Fest. Warner made their American film debut in Temple, a psychological thriller set in Japan, from David Lynch's production company Absurda.
Warner starred in an international commercial for Boursin from Young & Rubicam.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
British film actores
21st-century British actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
Meski is a small town in Errachidia Province in the Drâa-Tafilalet region of Morocco. It has fewer than 1,000 inhabitants.
It was the location of a battle between French and Berber forces in the Zaian War on 15 January 1919 where General Joseph-François Poeymirau defeated Sidi Mhand n'Ifrutant.
References
Populated places in Errachidia Province
Lurtotecan is a semi-synthetic analog of camptothecin with antineoplastic activity. Liposomal lurtotecan was in clinical trials as a treatment for topotecan-resistant ovarian cancer, but was discontinued.
Synthesis
Heck reaction
Mitsunobu reaction
Potassium osmate
Sharpless asymmetric dihydroxylation
Swern oxidation
References
Antineoplastic drugs
Piperazines
Topoisomerase inhibitors
Delta-lactones
The flag of Bolivia is the national flag of the Plurinational State of Bolivia. It was originally adopted in 1851. The state and war flag is a horizontal tricolor of red, yellow and green with the Bolivian coat of arms in the center. According to one source, the red stands for Bolivia's brave soldiers, while the green symbolizes fertility and yellow the nation's mineral deposits.
Since 2009 the Wiphala also holds the status of dual flag in the country. According to the revised Constitution of Bolivia of 2009, the Wiphala is considered a national symbol of Bolivia (along with the flag, national anthem, coat of arms, the cockade, kantuta flower and patujú flower).
Despite its landlocked status, Bolivia has a naval ensign used by navy vessels on rivers and lakes. It consists of a blue field with the state flag in the canton bordered by nine small yellow five-pointed stars, with a larger yellow five-pointed star in the fly. The nine small stars represent the nine departments of Bolivia, and the larger star the nation's right to access the sea (access that it lost in 1884 in the War of the Pacific).
Description
Design and dimensions
The national flag of Bolivia is described as a tricolor rectangle, with the colors red, yellow and green, in a ratio of 1:1:1, meaning three horizontal bands, with the red on the superior part occupying a third of the flag's width, yellow in the middle band using the same width, and green in the inferior part, using the last third.
The dimensions of the flag had not been defined since its adoption in 1851. Supreme Decree No. 27630 of 2004 finally established that the size of the national flag be of 7.5 squares width by 11 squares long, a square can be any size, but always using the ratio 15:22.
Color and symbolism
The first description of Bolivia's national flag, together with the significance of these, were first established by the Supreme Decree of 1888 during the government of President Gregorio Pacheco, which specifies that:
The exact colors of the Bolivian flag have been established by the Supreme Decree of 2004:
The colours of the tricolor can also be found in the Bolivian Wiphala. The Wiphala has been included into the national colours of the Bolivian Air Force such as on the executive Dassault Falcon 900EX. The Wiphala is also officially flown on governmental buildings such as the Palacio Quemado and parliament alongside the tricolor since the introduction of the revised 2009 constitution.
Historical flags
The current Bolivian flag has been officially adopted 31 October 1851 during the presidency of Manuel Isidoro Belzu.
According to Supreme Decree No. 27630 of 19 July 2004, during the presidency of Carlos Mesa, it was established that the civil flag used in civic, public and patriotic celebrations will be used without the National Shield; instead, the flag used by the state in official acts will include in its central part the shield. During the presidency of Evo Morales, through Supreme Decree No. 241 of 5 August 2009, some symbolic modifications were made to the flag. It was also established that for both the civil flag and the flag used by the State in official acts, they should be raised on the right side and the wiphala on the left side.
Flags of Departments
See also
Coat of arms of Bolivia
Flag of the Patujú flower
Wiphala
References
External links
National symbols of Bolivia
Bolivia
1851 establishments in Bolivia
Bolivia
Flags displaying animals
Exile Sports Club is a Maltese waterpolo team (it also has a swimming team), currently playing in the top tier Maltese Waterpolo Premier League. The club was founded in 1967 and hails from Sliema. The team is currently known as Exiles Elia Caterers for sponsorship reasons.
The Exiles Club is situated beneath one of the De Redin towers; this is portrayed on the club's crest.
The club is named after the Exiles beach, of which the name is unclear: either after a mispronunciation of a Customs and Excise Office that was once stationed on the bay, or after Russian exiles settled in the area after the Bolshevik Revolution. It is worth noting that before the club was built, a hut stood in the location, which acted as the seat of the Malta Eastern Club, which was an exclusive club for Cable & Wireless St. Julian's branch employees, taking the name from the Eastern Telegraph Company.
The club celebrated its 50-year anniversary in 2017.
The club operates a Beach Lido.
Current Squad
Squad as at June 30, 2018:
Simon Apap
Andrea Bianchi
Matthew Castillo
Gianni Ciappara
Aurélien Cousin
Luca Felice
Mark Fenech
Kurt Griscti
Benji Lanzon
Slobodan Nikić
Michael Paris
Nicky Paris
Philip Paris
Michele Stellini
Timmy Sullivan
Sean Xerri de Caro
Christian von Brockdorff
References
External links
Official Website
Water polo clubs in Malta
Sliema
The Rivière Noire Sud-Ouest (Black River Southwest) is a tributary of the south shore of the Noire River flowing, entirely in the unorganized territory from Mont-Élie in Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality, in Quebec, Canada.
The lower part of this valley is served by route 170 which links Saint-Siméon to Petit-Saguenay, which passes on the north shore of the Noire River. This valley has some secondary forest roads for forestry and recreational tourism purposes.
Forestry is the first economic activity in the sector; recreational tourism activities, second.
The surface of "rivière Noire Sud-Ouest" is usually frozen from the beginning of December to the end of March, however, safe ice circulation is generally from mid-December to mid-March.
Geography
The main hydrographic slopes near the Black River are:
North side: Noire River, Petit Saguenay River, rivière Noire du Milieu, Saguenay River;
East side: Noire River, St. Lawrence River;
South side: Port au Persil River, Port au Saumon River, Comporté River, Malbaie River, Jacob River;
West side: American Creek, Castors Creek, Malbaie River, Snigole River.
The "rivière Noire Sud-Ouest" originates at the mouth of Julie Lake (length: ; altitude: ). This source is located at:
south-west of its mouth (confluence with Black River);
south-west of the mouth of the Black River with the Gulf of St. Lawrence;
southeast of the head lake of the Petit Saguenay River;
north-east of the hamlet Mont-Grand-Fonds.
From its source (Lake Julie), the course of the "rivière Noire Sud-Ouest" descends on according to the following segments:
Upper South-West Black River (segment: )
south, crossing the Cure Lake (length: ; altitude: ) on to its mouth;
east to the Hydro-Québec high-voltage lines;
northeasterly along the west side of a forest road and passing south-east of the hamlet "Les Jardins" to a creek (coming from the west);
northeasterly to the forest road bridge;
northeasterly, passing southeast of Lac au Plongeon, to the bridge of the forest road;
northeasterly to a bend in the river;
south-east approaching the foot of the Mountain at Meniche, to a bend of river;
Lower South-West Black River (segment: )
north to a creek (coming from the west);
snaking north, collecting the discharge (coming from the southwest) of McLeod Lake and the discharge (coming from the west) of a set of small lakes, up to a stream (coming from the west);
first forming a hook to the east, then successively to the north, to the west, and to the north where it descends from to its mouth.
The mouth of the Black Southwest River empties onto the south shore of the Black River in Mont-Élie. This confluence is located at:
east of the mouth of the Noire River with the Gulf of St. Lawrence;
south of the Saguenay River;
north of the hamlet Mont-Grand-Fonds.
Toponymy
The origin of the name "Rivière Noire Sud-Ouest" is derived from the name of the Noire River in which it flows.
The toponym "rivière Noire Sud-Ouest" was formalized on December 5, 1968 at the Bank of place names of the Commission de toponymie du Quebec.
Notes and references
External links
See also
Mont-Élie, an unorganized territory
St. Lawrence River
Noire River, a watercourse
List of rivers of Quebec
Rivers of Capitale-Nationale
Charlevoix-Est Regional County Municipality
Discovering Psychology is an introductory textbook on psychology written by Don H. Hockenbury and Sandra E. Hockenbury. Don Hockenbury is a recipient of the Tulsa Community College Award for Teaching Excellence.
References
English-language books
2001 non-fiction books
Psychology textbooks
Amazing Grace 3: A Country Salute to Gospel is a Christian country album with various artists. It was released on June 15, 2004 via Sparrow Records.
Track listing
Chart performance
References
Country albums by American artists
2004 compilation albums
Network behavior anomaly detection (NBAD) is a security technique that provides network security threat detection. It is a complementary technology to systems that detect security threats based on packet signatures.
NBAD is the continuous monitoring of a network for unusual events or trends. NBAD is an integral part of network behavior analysis (NBA), which offers security in addition to that provided by traditional anti-threat applications such as firewalls, intrusion detection systems, antivirus software and spyware-detection software.
Description
Most security monitoring systems utilize a signature-based approach to detect threats. They generally monitor packets on the network and look for patterns in the packets which match their database of signatures representing pre-identified known security threats. NBAD-based systems are particularly helpful in detecting security threat vectors in two instances where signature-based systems cannot: (i) new zero-day attacks, and (ii) when the threat traffic is encrypted such as the command and control channel for certain Botnets.
An NBAD program tracks critical network characteristics in real time and generates an alarm if a strange event or trend is detected that could indicate the presence of a threat. Large-scale examples of such characteristics include traffic volume, bandwidth use and protocol use.
NBAD solutions can also monitor the behavior of individual network subscribers. In order for NBAD to be optimally effective, a baseline of normal network or user behavior must be established over a period of time. Once certain parameters have been defined as normal, any departure from one or more of them is flagged as anomalous.
NBAD technology/techniques are applied in a number of network and security monitoring domains including: (i) Log analysis (ii) Packet inspection systems (iii) Flow monitoring systems and (iv) Route analytics.
NBAD has also been described as outlier detection, novelty detection, deviation detection and exception mining.
Popular threat detections within NBAD
Payload Anomaly Detection
Protocol Anomaly: MAC Spoofing
Protocol Anomaly: IP Spoofing
Protocol Anomaly: TCP/UDP Fanout
Protocol Anomaly: IP Fanout
Protocol Anomaly: Duplicate IP
Protocol Anomaly: Duplicate MAC
Virus Detection
Bandwidth Anomaly Detection
Connection Rate Detection
Commercial products
Palo Alto Networks – Cortex XDR
Darktrace - AI Enterprise Immune System | Antigena Autonomous Response
Allot Communications – Allot Communications DDoS Protection
Arbor Networks NSI – Arbor Network Security Intelligence
Cisco – Stealthwatch (formerly Lancope StealthWatch)
IBM – QRadar (since 2003)
Enterasys Networks – Enterasys Dragon
Exinda – Inbuilt (Application Performance Score (APS), Application Performance Metric (APM), SLA, and Adaptive Response)
ExtraHop Networks - Reveal(x)
Flowmon Networks – Flowmon ADS
FlowNBA – NetFlow
Juniper Networks – STRM
Fidelis Cybersecurity – Network Security
Lastline
McAfee – McAfee Network Threat Behavior Analysis
HP ProCurve – Network Immunity Manager
Riverbed Technology – Riverbed Cascade
Sourcefire – Sourcefire 3D
Symantec – Symantec Advanced Threat Protection
GREYCORTEX – Mendel (formerly TrustPort Threat Intelligence)
Vectra AI
ZOHO Corporation – ManageEngine NetFlow Analyzer's Advanced Security Analytics Module
Microsoft Corp – Windows Defender ATP and Advanced Threat Analytics
Vehere - PacketWorker Network Detection and Response
See also
User behavior analytics
References
Network analyzers
Security technology
Computer security
Ryan Fraser (born 24 February 1994) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Newcastle United and the Scotland national team. They have previously played for Aberdeen, AFC Bournemouth and Ipswich Town. They represented the Scotland under-19 and under-21 team, and made their full international debut in June 2017.
Club career
Aberdeen
Fraser signed for Aberdeen in May 2010, aged 16, after leaving Kincorth Academy. They made their debut for the first team against Heart of Midlothian in October 2010. Fraser made a significant impression in the Aberdeen first team during the early part of the 2012–13 Scottish Premier League season, winning the Young Player of the Month award for September and October 2012. Aberdeen manager Craig Brown expressed concerns at this time that opposing teams were targeting Fraser with tough tackling. Fraser rejected a contract extension with Aberdeen on 7 December 2012.
AFC Bournemouth
Fraser signed a three-year contract with League One club AFC Bournemouth on 18 January 2013. Bournemouth paid Aberdeen a transfer fee of £400,000 to complete the deal. During their first season, Fraser helped Bournemouth gain promotion to the Championship. After Bournemouth were promoted to the Premier League in 2015, Fraser was loaned to Championship club Ipswich Town for the 2015–16 season.
Fraser scored their first Premier League goal on 4 December 2016, in a 4–3 win against Liverpool. They entered the game as a second-half substitute, when Bournemouth trailed 2–0. Fraser won a penalty kick for the first Bournemouth goal, scored the second and provided an assist for the third goal.
Fraser scored both Bournemouth goals in a 2–1 win against Everton on 30 December 2017. They ranked highly in the assists chart during the 2018–19 Premier League season with 14 assists and 7 goals, leading to transfer speculation linking them with a move to Arsenal. No summer move materialised and Fraser admitted in January 2020 that this speculation had caused a decline in their performances during the 2019–20 season. With their contract due to expire on 30 June 2020, Fraser rejected the offer of a short-term extension to play the rest of Bournemouth's matches in the 2019–20 season, which was interrupted by the coronavirus pandemic, as they did not want to risk injury. Manager Eddie Howe later confirmed that Fraser would not play for the club again.
Newcastle United
On 7 September 2020, Fraser joined Newcastle United on a five-year contract. They made their debut for the club on 15 September 2020, scoring the winner in a 1–0 victory over Blackburn Rovers in the EFL Cup.
International career
Fraser was first called up to the senior Scotland squad in March 2017. They made their international debut in June 2017, appearing as a substitute in a 2–2 draw with England.
In March 2019, Fraser missed a UEFA Euro 2020 qualifying match against Kazakhstan due to the Kazakhs using an artificial playing surface. Scotland lost 3–0, and Fraser was criticised by former Scotland player Darren Fletcher for showing a lack of commitment to the national team. Fraser said they had previously suffered two serious injuries while playing on artificial surfaces, and that the decision not to play had been agreed with both the national team and their club side Bournemouth. In November 2019 they were one of three Scotland players to withdraw from the national squad due to injury.
Fraser scored the goal in a 1–0 win against the Czech Republic on 14 October 2020.
Style of play
Primarily deployed as a winger on the left flank, Fraser is a right-footed player described by their compatriot Charlie Nicholas as an "old-fashioned type of player" and a "little pocket dynamo" for the muscular physique they have developed to "take the knocks and kicks that come their way." Fraser has occasionally played in the right-back position for both club and country. They had previously been utilised in a central midfield role for Newcastle, but has most recently been played by manager Eddie Howe as a winger on the right flank, in a 4-3-3 formation.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Scotland's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Fraser goal.
Honours
AFC Bournemouth
Football League Championship: 2014–15
Individual
Scottish Premier League Young Player of the Month: September 2012, October 2012
EFL Young Player of the Month: August 2015
AFC Bournemouth Supporters' Player of the Year: 2018–19
AFC Bournemouth Players' Player of the Year: 2018–19
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Footballers from Aberdeen
Scottish footballers
Scotland youth international footballers
Scotland under-21 international footballers
Scotland international footballers
Association football wingers
Aberdeen F.C. players
AFC Bournemouth players
Ipswich Town F.C. players
Newcastle United F.C. players
Scottish Premier League players
English Football League players
Premier League players
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Thomas "Skip" Chappelle is an American former college basketball player and coach at the University of Maine.
Playing career
After starring at Old Town High School and leading the school to the 1957 Maine state championship, Chappelle spent a post-graduate year at Maine Central Institute where they were part of its New England Prep Championship squad. They played their college basketball with Maine where they were a three-time All-Yankee Conference selection, and the school's first player to be selected as a Little All-American.
Chappelle was selected by the St. Louis Hawks in the 11th round of the 1962 NBA Draft, becoming the school's first-ever NBA Draft selection.
Coaching career
Chappelle took over their alma mater as head coach in 1971, guiding the Black Bears to a 217–226 record over 17 seasons. During that time, Chappelle coached seven future NBA draft selections, including Rufus Harris, Jeff Cross and Rick Carlisle.
Head coaching record
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Maine
Basketball players from Maine
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Maine Black Bears men's basketball coaches
Maine Black Bears men's basketball players
Maine Central Institute alumni
People from Old Town, Maine
St. Louis Hawks draft picks
Evitts may refer to:
People
Neil Evitts
Communities
Evitts Creek, Maryland, Allegany County
Geography
Evitts Mountain, in Bedford County, Pennsylvania and Allegany County, Maryland
Evitts Creek (North Branch Potomac River), a tributary of the North Branch Potomac River
Helen Dellenbaugh Tretbar (May 16, 1835 – April 3, 1902) was an American author, librettist, and translator who edited The Etude magazine in the late 1880s and was fluent in French, German, and Italian.
Early life and education
Tretbar was born in Buffalo, New York, to Frederick and Magdalena Dellenbaugh. They graduated from the Female Academy in Buffalo (today the Buffalo Seminary), and married Charles F. Tretbar (1832-1909), who worked for Steinway & Sons and also published at least 40 works, including many of their wife's translations.
Career
Tretbar translated From the Tone World. A Series of Essays by Louis Ehlert from German to English; their translation was published in 1884 by their husband. In 1887, they began working for The Etude magazine, eventually becoming the managing editor. In 1889, William A. Pond & Co. published Twenty-one New Song Vocalises, with music by Paolo La Villa and original texts by Tretbar. A review in Frank Leslie's Sunday Magazine noted that. . . "Mrs Tretbar's words rise often to the dignity of real poems and not a few of the vocalises are worthy of being sung parlor songs." In 1891, Tretbar adapted the original German libretto (by Moritz West and Ludwig Held) of Carl Zeller's operetta Der Vogelhandler for performance in America. Renamed The Tyrolean, it was performed 100 times at the Casino Theatre in New York. In 1947, it was performed in London as The Bird Seller.
Tretbar translated the lyrics in songs by many composers: Franz Abt, Reinhold Becker, Franz Behr, Theodore Bradsky, Frederick Brandeis, Jean-Baptiste Faure, Richard Genee, Friedrich Gernsheim, Victor Harris, Victor Herbert, Gustav Holzel, Rafael Joseffy, Bruno Oscar Klein, Erik Meyer-Helmund, Giacomo Batista Manzotti, Jules Massenet, Emanuel Moor, George Balch Nevin, Jean Louis Nicodé, Ignacy Paderewski, Johann Peters, Walter Petzet, Joachim Raff, Franz Ries, Martin Roeder, Louis Victor Saar, Xaver Scharwenka, Sebastian Bensen Schlesinger, Armin Schotte, Frank Van der Stucken, Robert Volkmann, and Carl Zeller.
References
American librettists
American translators
American editors
1835 births
1902 deaths
Soufian Farid Ouédraogo (born 26 December 1996) is a Burkinabé professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for USFA and the Burkina Faso national team.
International career
Ouédraogo was part of the Burkina Faso national team for the 2020 African Nations Championship.
References
External links
FBREF Profile
World Football Profile
GSA Profile
1996 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Ouagadougou
Burkinabé footballers
Burkina Faso international footballers
Burkinabé Premier League players
Rail Club du Kadiogo players
Rahimo FC players
US des Forces Armées players
Association football goalkeepers
21st-century Burkinabé people
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Burkina Faso A' international footballers
2020 African Nations Championship players
Hawkeye Point is the highest natural point in Iowa at . It is approximately north of Sibley on the eastern side of SR 60 and approximately south of the Iowa-Minnesota state border. The high ground lies due south of an old silo.
The land that includes the highpoint was donated by the Sterler family, who worked this land for many decades, to Osceola County with the stipulation that the land be turned into a park. Osceola County, through its Economic Development Commission and Hawkeye Point Committee, has removed a few structures that were deemed to be hazardous to public safety including the old hog feed bunker at the highpoint site and a few small barns. They have erected an informational kiosk which highlights the family and the county and features a display of license plates from the 50 states sent in over the years to the Sterlers.
The county purchased approximately of surrounding land including the old family farm house, which is being used as office space for the county. There is a flagpole, picnic bench, tile mosaic, several granite markers, and five tall posts with signs pointing to the other 49 state highpoints, each with the correct distance noted. The local 4-H group and high school youths contributed a great deal to this effort. The Hawkeye Point Commission also recently purchased a wooded plot of land of about on the north side of the county road abutting the property with the intent to turn it into a campground.
The Highpointers Foundation, a non-profit charity set up to benefit privately owned state highpoints, has provided much of the funding for the renovations at Hawkeye Point.
See also
Outline of Iowa
Index of Iowa-related articles
List of U.S. states by elevation
References
External links
Highpointers Foundation
Geography of Iowa
Geography of Osceola County, Iowa
Highest points of U.S. states
Regrinding the Axes is the thirteenth and at least as of 2021, is the most recent studio album by American southern rock band Molly Hatchet with a different order of the songs and some substitutions. "Free Bird" (Lynyrd Skynyrd), "Back In The USSR" (The Beatles), and "Yesterday" (The Beatles) have been inserted instead of "Desperado" (The Eagles). The three original live bonus tracks have been replaced with "Get In The Game" (from their 2005 album Warriors of the Rainbow Bridge), the instrumental part of "Layla" (Derek & The Dominos by Eric Clapton), and a live version of "Dreams I'll Never See" (Allman Brothers Band). (see 2008 in music).
Track listing
Personnel
Band members
Phil McCormack – lead and backing vocals
Bobby Ingram – guitars, acoustic guitar, slide guitar, backing vocals, producer, mixing
Dave Hlubek – guitars
John Galvin – keyboards, backing vocals
Tim Lindsey – bass, backing vocals
Shawn Beamer – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Charlie Daniels - lead vocals on "Free Bird"
Production
Paul Lapinski - engineer, mixing, mastering
Scott Fravala, Daryl Pheeneger - engineers
References
Molly Hatchet albums
2012 compilation albums
Covers albums
Darnell is a unisex given name and surname. The surname refers to a group of people in medieval ages who grew a plant called Darnel, which had intoxicatory properties. It may refer to one of the following people:
Given name
Darnell
Darnell Bing (born 1984), American footballer
Darnell Bristol, songwriter and former member of The Deele
Darnell Clash (born 1962), American football player
Darnell Coles (born 1962), American baseball player, third baseman & outfielder
Darnell Dinkins (born 1977), American footballer
Darnell Dockett (born 1981), American footballer
Darnell Hillman (born 1949), American basketball player
Darnell Hunt (born 1962), American sociologist
Darnell Johnson (born 1998), English football (soccer) player
Darnell King (born 1990), American soccer player
Darnell Martin (born 1964), African-American film director
Darnell McDonald (born 1978), American baseball player
Darnell Mooney (born 1997), American football player
Darnell Savage (born 1997), American football player
Darnell Swallow, a contestant on the 2008 series of Big Brother (UK)
Darnell Valentine (born 1959), American basketball player
Darnell Williams (born 1955), American actor
Darnell Wilson (born 1974), American boxer
Darnell Nurse (born 1995), Canadian ice hockey player
Darnelle
Darnelle Bailey-King (born 1997), English footballer
As a surname
Billy Darnell (1926-2007), American professional wrestler
Bruce Darnell (born 1957), American model and choreographer
Eric Darnell (born 1961), American film director
Erik Darnell (born 1982), American stock car racing driver
Gary Darnell (born 1948), American College football player and coach
James E. Darnell, American biologist
Jean Darnell (1889-1961), American silent film actor
Larry Darnell (1928-1983), American singer
Linda Darnell (1923-1965), American film actor
Mike Darnell (born 1962), American television executive
Nicholas Henry Darnell (1807-1885), American politician
Regna Darnell (born 1943), American-Canadian anthropologist and professor
Riley Darnell (born 1940), American politician, Secretary of State for the state of Tennessee
Robert Darnell (born 1957), American biologist and President of the New York Genome Center
Fictional characters
Darnell Turner, a character from the American television show My Name Is Earl, played by Eddie Steeples
Darnelle, a character from the 2005 film Beauty Shop, played by Keshia Knight Pulliam
Darnelle, a character from the Xena: Warrior Princess episode, "The Dirty Half Dozen", played by Charles Mesure
Darnell, a Newgrounds character created by Tom Fulp.
Places
Darnell may also refer to;
Darnell, Ohio, an unincorporated community
Darnell Town, Virginia, a community in the United States
Given names
English given names
English-language unisex given names
is the sixth Japanese single released by Korean boy group The Boss. It was scheduled to be released on August 1, 2012 on their Japanese label Sony Music Entertainment. The single's B-side song "Ikenai 1・2・3" was already revealed to be featured in the upcoming movie Ai Ore!, which features member Karam.
Single information
The title track, "Honki Magic", was produced by Japanese group Orange Range's Naoto, and penned by their bandmate Hiroki.
The single is set to include its title track "Honki Magic", as well as b-sides "Ikenai 1・2・3" and "Pretty Smile". Along with these three new songs comes an instrumental of the single's title track. It will be released in three different versions, including a regular edition, limited edition A and limited edition B. Limited edition A includes a CD, a DVD and a booklet. Limited edition B includes a CD and a DVD. First press regular edition comes with a trading card randomly selected from six kinds and an event ticket (valid only in Japan).
Track list
CD
Limited edition A DVD
Limited edition B DVD
Charts
Release history
References
External links
大国男児 | Sony Music
The Boss official website
2012 singles
J-pop songs
2012 songs
Sony Music Entertainment Japan singles
Maurice Jansegers (1903 – 1989) was a Belgian sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1903 births
1989 deaths
20th-century Belgian sculptors
20th-century male artists
Belgian sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Ixelles
Herman J. Obermayer (September 19, 1924 – May 11, 2016) was an American journalist, publisher, and politician. They were the owner and publisher of the Long Branch, New Jersey Daily Record from 1957 to 1971 and the Northern Virginia Sun from 1963 to 1989, and counseled newspapers in emerging democracies for the U.S. State Department from 1990 to 2002 in Hungary, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Ukraine, Moldavia, Slovenia, Macedonia, Russia, Croatia, and Serbia. In 1983 and 1984, they served as a judge for the Pulitzer Prizes.
Biography
Obermayer, a Philadelphia native, graduated from Central High School and cum laude from Dartmouth College in 1946 as an English major, studying under the poet Robert Frost. During World War II, they were a Staff Sergeant in Europe from 1943-1946. They attended the Nuremberg Trials. They broke with the media that sought to avoid giving publicity to George Lincoln Rockwell from the American Nazi Party and thought they should be exposed, after the Hebrew Benevolent Congregation Temple bombing and threats against the Unitarian Universalist Church of Arlington. They were an Eagle Scout and a member of the Executive Council of the Monmouth County (N.J.) Boy Scout Council from 1958 - 1971 and on the Executive Committee of the National Capital Council of the Boy Scouts of America from 1971 - 1979. They worked with the Jewish Policy Center and served on the National Board of the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs (JINSA) beginning in 1996 and also with the National Council of the American Jewish Committee (AJC).
Awards
Rhineland Campaign Star
Bibliography
Soldiering for Freedom: A GI''s Account of World War II, 2005;
Rehnquist M: A Personal Portrait of the Distinguished Chief Justice of the US, 2009
Jews in the News: British and American Newspaper Articles about Jews 1665 through 1800.
American Nazi Party in Arlington, Virginia 1958 - 1984, 2012
Personal life
They were the brother of Arthur S. Obermayer. They were married to Betty Nan Levy, daughter of Neville Levy. They have four daughters, Helen Levy-Myers of Reston, VA, Veronica Atnipp of Houston, TX, Adele Malpass of New York City, NY and Elizabeth Weintraub of Rockville, MD; 11 grandchildren and one great-granddaughter. Betty Obermayer died on January 26, 2013, and Herman Obermayer died of a heart attack in Arlington, Virginia, on May 11, 2016.
See also
Tom Loepp
External links
References
1924 births
2016 deaths
American people of German-Jewish descent
Jewish American journalists
Editors of Virginia newspapers
Writers from Philadelphia
Dartmouth College alumni
Journalists from Pennsylvania
21st-century American Jews
Kamezo Shimizu (30 March 1875 – 7 December 1948) was a Japanese sculptor. Their work was part of the sculpture event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1875 births
1948 deaths
20th-century Japanese sculptors
20th-century male artists
Japanese sculptors
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Hiroshima
Riffelalp is a hamlet in the municipality of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It is located at a height of above sea level, just above the tree line, approximately halfway between the town of Zermatt and the Gornergrat mountain. Once the site of the prestigious Riffelalp Grand Hotel, today Riffelalp mainly consists of a large hotel complex, the Riffelalp Resort 2222m, and a chapel.
Riffelalp is connected to Zermatt by the Gornergrat railway, although Riffelalp railway station is located some distance from the resort. The long Riffelalp tram links the two together.
History
The famous Zermatt hotelier Alexander Seiler first spotted the potential of the Riffelalp meadow, with its view of the Matterhorn, in 1856, when they purchased their first parcel of land there. It wasn't, however, until 1878 that construction of the Riffelalp Grand Hotel got underway, and the hotel opened in 1884. In 1898, the Gornergrat railway was opened, and the following year the hotel built the Riffelalp tram to connect it to the railway. Around this time, the capacity of the hotel reached 280 rooms, with the opening of two annex buildings.
During the night of 14 February 1961, the Riffelalp Grand Hotel was destroyed in a fire. In 1986 worked commenced on the refurbishment of the two annex, which had survived the fire, and 1988 the Riffelalp was again open to visitors. In 1998, work started on the construction of the new Riffelalp Resort on the site of the old grand hotel.
References
External links
Riffelalp Resort
Zermatt
The San Diego Church ritual abuse case was a case of a developmentally disabled individual charged with child sexual abuse in 1991 as part of the satanic ritual abuse moral panic. After a 9-month trial, the accused was found not guilty by the jury.
Accusations and trial
Dale Akiki was born with Noonan syndrome, a rare genetic disorder which left them with a concave chest, club feet, drooping eyelids and ears.
Akiki served with their wife as a volunteer babysitter at a church in San Diego County, California. In 1991, they were arrested and charged with 35 counts of child abuse and kidnapping and held without bail for 30 months before trial. The government filed its first case against Akiki on May 10, 1991, in San Diego Superior Court. A second case was prosecuted against them on February 20, 1992. The campaign against them was initiated by Jack and Mary Goodall, the former being the CEO of Jack in the Box, who stated that they found their physical appearance, coupled with their working contact with the children of the church in their capacity as a volunteer, "disturbing."
Prosecutor Mary Avery was the founder of the San Diego Child Abuse Prevention Foundation, to which Goodall was the largest financial contributor. They were brought in to prosecute at the Goodalls' insistence after experienced child abuse prosecutors Harry Elias and Sally Penso found no grounds to charge Akiki with any crimes, citing the coercive investigation and the suggestive preparation and interrogation of children used by parents and therapists in the case.
During the investigations, few records were kept of the interviews with children, and Avery tried to ban the use of the term "ritual abuse" (a synonym for satanic ritual abuse); such measures were viewed as useful in obtaining prosecutions in an environment that was increasingly skeptical of allegations of satanic ritual abuse. During the trial, "the FBI's leading authority on child abuse, testified ... they have found no evidence that ritual abuse exists."
The trial against Akiki started in the spring of 1993. The prosecution produced no physical evidence but did present allegations of satanic ritual abuse, including testimony that they had killed a giraffe and an elephant in front of the children, had drunk human blood in satanic rituals, and had abducted the children away from the church, despite theirs being unable to drive.
Their trial lasted nine months (including six weeks of jury selection and seven and a half months of evidence), making it the longest in San Diego County history. The jury took seven hours to reach its "not guilty" verdict in November 1993. They were represented by Deputy Public Defenders Kate Coyne and Sue Clemens who received numerous awards and accolades for their groundbreaking defense. This case represented the first trial-level acquittal of a defendant charged with ritual abuse in the "satanic panic" of the 1980s, although a number of convictions were subsequently overturned on appeal.
After the trial had ended, members of the jury complained about the "overzealous prosecutors," "child sexual abuse syndrome" and "therapists on a witch-hunt",; one said “it seemed like a witch hunt to me.” Despite Akiki's acquittal, some of the parents involved remained convinced that they were guilty. The deputy district attorney and lead prosecutor Mary Avery disputed the claims that the nine children were systematically brainwashed by parents and therapists, stating that "the whole idea of contamination and suggestibility just does not account for the major behavior changes that occurred (in the children) while they were in Dale Akiki's (nursery school) class," referring to certain incidents like nightmares and bed-wetting.
Subsequent events
The San Diego County Grand Jury reviewed the Akiki cases in 1994 and concluded in part that "There is no justification for the further pursuit of the theory of satanic ritual molestation in the investigation and prosecution of child abuse cases."
On August 25, 1994, Akiki filed a suit against the County of San Diego, the church where they had volunteered, and many others which was settled for $2 million.
San Diego County Public Defenders Kathleen Coyne and Susan Clemens were awarded Public Defender of the Year by the California Public Defender's Association in 1994 for their work defending Akiki.
References
External links
San Diego County Grand Jury 1993-94 Report on Dale Akiki Case
Dale Akiki at the Ontario Consultants on Religious Tolerance
A Modern Witch Hunt: The Dale Akiki Story
Church ritual abuse case
Day care sexual abuse allegations in the United States
1991 in California
The Lady of Lourdes Cathedral () or simply Cathedral of Maradi, is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the town of Maradi, the third largest city in the African country of Niger.
It began as a parish church which was formally established on 10 April 1954. It follows the Roman or Latin rite and serves as the seat of the diocese of Maradi (Dioecesis Maradensis) which was created in 2001 by Pope John Paul II by bull "Summa diligentia" and is a suffragan of the Archdiocese of Niamey. It is under the pastoral responsibility of the Bishop Ambroise Ouédraogo.
The cathedral temporarily ceased its regular activities in January 2015 after attacks on churches that occurred in the country after the cartoons published by Charlie Hebdo.
See also
Roman Catholicism in Niger
Our Lady of Lourdes Cathedral, Daegu
References
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Niger
Buildings and structures in Maradi, Niger
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1954
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings
Progressive Britain, formerly known as Progress, is a political organisation associated with the British Labour Party, founded in 1996 to support the New Labour leadership of Tony Blair. It is seen as being on the right of the party.
Progress merged with Policy Network in May 2021 to form Progressive Britain. Progressive Britain organises conferences and other events. It provides training and mentoring for likeminded candidates seeking selection as Labour MPs.
Aims
Until 2014 Progress stated it was "the New Labour pressure group which aims to promote a radical and progressive politics for the 21st century." From late 2014 Progress stopped using the "New Labour" label and rebranded itself as "Labour's new mainstream, aim[ing] to promote a radical and progressive politics".
Its aims are:
History
Progress was founded in 1996 by Paul Richards, Liam Byrne and Derek Draper, the former aide to Peter Mandelson, as an organisation to maintain a dialogue with Labour's new leadership under Tony Blair. It has organised many events and conferences, and hosted several important speeches by senior party figures. Its annual conference has become a staple of the political calendar with many cabinet ministers and other leading politicians attending.
In May 2014 Progress dropped using the "New Labour" label, introduced by Tony Blair, for the Labour party.
In February 2019, a group of MPs left the Labour Party and founded The Independent Group. All seven founding members of this group were members of Progress and regularly contributed to the work of the organisation.
On 16 May 2021, Progress announced that it was merging with thinktank Policy Network to form an organisation named Progressive Britain which would be "dedicated to the intellectual revitalisation of the centre-left" and "championing the revival of progressive social democracy".
Publications
Progress publishes a monthly magazine and a large number of political pamphlets.
Progress also published The Purple Book, in September 2011, exploring fresh non-statist policies for Labour. Authors included: Alan Milburn, Peter Mandelson, Jacqui Smith, Tessa Jowell, Andrew Adonis, Caroline Flint, Douglas Alexander, Frank Field, Liam Byrne, Ivan Lewis, Rachel Reeves, Tristram Hunt, Liz Kendall and Jenny Chapman. There were ideas such as foundation trusts providing GP services, a school voucher system, crime commissioners, directly elected mayors and 'hasbos'. The Labour Party leader at the time, Ed Miliband, wrote a foreword to the book.
Links with Labour First
Historically, Progress had little connection with Labour First, an older Labour party factional organisation on the right of the Labour party. The rise of Jeremy Corbyn and Momentum in the Labour Party saw Progress and Labour First, while remaining distinct organisations with different traditions, carry out more joint activities, including joint endorsement of candidates in internal party elections.
During the 2020 Labour Party leadership election, Labour First formed a joint venture with Progress called Reclaiming Labour, holding meetings around the country analysing why Labour lost heavily in the 2019 United Kingdom general election.
In April 2020, immediately on the election of Keir Starmer as party leader, Labour First and Progress launched jointly a new umbrella organisation called ‘Labour to Win', with goals including 'to bring about fundamental change in the party's culture and organisation '.
Labour to Win endorsed candidates in the 2020 Labour National Executive Committee elections, however owing to the newly adopted Single Transferable Vote nature of the elections, and in the spirit of electing a pluralisitic NEC, the organisation chose only to endorse six of its own candidates and also to endorse three candidates politically more to the left than Labour To Win but who had a commitment to broad church Labour politics.
Funding
Data from the Electoral Commission shows that between 2001 and August 2019, Progress received almost £4.7 million in donations. Of this £3.5 million came from Lord Sainsbury, who stopped funding Progress in 2017. Another source reported that Lord Sainsbury had contributed £2 million of the £3 million of donations and sponsorship to Progress from 2001 to 2011. In 2014 Progress was fined £6,000 by the Electoral Commission for accepting donations of £390,000 from Lord Sainsbury while they were not on a UK electoral register, between December 2011 and April 2013. During 2016 they had donated £260,000. After the 2017 general election Lord Sainsbury announced they will no longer provide financial backing to Progress.
The second largest donor to Progress during this period is listed by the Electoral Commission as a "Permissible Donor Exempt Trust" set up in the name of Lord Michael Montague, which made donations to Progress for two years following their death.
The British Private Equity and Venture Capital Association has given Progress £57,000.
It was reported in 2012 that Progress had received more money than both the Green Party and Plaid Cymru, and that it had received more than 122 times more funding than any other members' association within the Labour Party. This level of funding has led to accusations that Progress is operating as a "party within a party".
Criticism
In 2012, Progress was at the centre of the debate over the direction of the Labour Party under Ed Miliband, after a widely circulated anonymous report called for Labour's national executive to "determine the organisational nature of Progress, and whether or not this form of organisation is acceptable inside the Labour Party." Criticism of Progress had concentrated on the generous funding that Progress had secured from external donors, and on its positioning, regarded as being on the right of the Labour Party. Following circulation of the report, the GMB General Secretary Paul Kenny led calls at the 2012 Labour conference for Progress to be "effectively… (outlawed)…as part of the Labour Party." In response, a Labour Party statement said, "We are a party that is reaching out to people, gaining new supporters and offering real change for the country in these tough times. The Labour Party is a broad church and we are not in the business of excluding people." Labour leader Ed Miliband was also clearly in support, telling The Independent that "I believe in an open and inclusive party, reaching out to people, not for pushing people away. That certainly does not mean excluding or proscribing organisations like Progress which contribute to the debate."
In 2013, Len McCluskey, general secretary of Unite the Union, claimed Progress was manipulating the selection procedures for Labour parliamentary candidates to get its candidates selected. Progress responded: "Progress helps to train and mentor candidates going for selection, to whom we do not give money. The details are open, plainly explained on our website and approved by a strategy board elected by our members."
Personnel
Chairs and board members
Progress is chaired by Alison McGovern. In 2014 its vice-chairs were the Labour MPs Jenny Chapman, Stephen Doughty, Julie Elliott, Tristram Hunt, Dan Jarvis, Liz Kendall, Seema Malhotra, Toby Perkins, Lucy Powell, Steve Reed, Jonathan Reynolds and Nick Smith.
Progress's honorary president is former Minister Stephen Twigg, previously the organization's chair.
Progress is constituted as a private company limited by guarantee, with a legal board of directors in 2012 consisting of Jennifer Gerber, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Robert Philpot and Stephen Twigg.
Prior to 2015 Progress was chaired by MP John Woodcock, and prior to 2014 by former Minister Lord Adonis. Prior to 2012 Progress was chaired by MP and former Minister Stephen Twigg, and the honorary president was Alan Milburn, the former Secretary of State for Health. Jonathan Mendelsohn was treasurer of Progress.
Strategy Board
Progress announced the creation of the first strategy board in July 2012, to enable the organisation's 'growing membership to feel a true sense of engagement'. The first elections were held in August 2012. The most recent elections were held in 2016.
Current members of the Progress strategy board are:
Alison McGovern MP (chair)
Gloria De Piero
Peter Mandelson
Phil Wilson
Rachael Saunders
James Beckles
Jonathan Hawkes
Joanne Harding
Rachael Saunders
Christabel Cooper
Sheila Gilmore
John Hannett
Mary Wimbury
Liron Velleman
Directors
Since its inception Progress has had a number of operational directors:
Derek Draper (former aide to Peter Mandelson)
Darren Murphy (former Special Adviser)
Patrick Diamond (former Special Adviser)
Jennifer Gerber
Jessica Asato (acting director)
Robert Philpot (retired October 2014)
Richard Angell (2014–2018)
Nathan Yeowell (August 2019 –)
References
External links
Labour Party (UK) factions
New Labour
1996 establishments in the United Kingdom
Organisations associated with the Labour Party (UK)
Organisations based in London
Organisations based in the London Borough of Lambeth
Organizations established in 1996
Political advocacy groups in the United Kingdom
Political and economic think tanks based in the United Kingdom
Political organisations based in London
Progressivism in the United Kingdom
Think tanks based in the United Kingdom
Gnathophis melanocoelus (known commonly as the Blackgut conger) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels). It was described by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya and John Richard Paxton in 2000. It is a subtropical, marine eel which is known from western Australia, in the eastern Indian Ocean. It is known to dwell at a depth of 156 metres.
References
melanocoelus
Taxa named by Emma Stanislavovna Karmovskaya
Taxa named by John Richard Paxton
Fish described in 2000
The Shangyang (), (or shang yang) in Chinese mythology was a rainbird (i.e. it could predict rain). It was one of several important mythical birds in this tradition. The Shangyang was particularly associated with the Lord of Rain, Yu Shi. Once the Shangyang was supposed to have visited the royal court at Qi, where it performed a dance upon its one leg, whereupon an embassy was sent inquire of the meaning of this event to Confucius in the neighboring state of Lu: the Shangyang was known to Confucius, who predicted imminent heavy rain and advised the digging of drainage and the raising of dikes. As a result of following the sage's advise, Qi was spared calamity due to the ensuing inundation, whereas the other states who did not heed the advice were heavily damaged. This legendary incident has been often used to illustrate the folly of those who refuse to heed the words of the wise. Mythographer Lihui Yang associates Yu Shi with the Bi Fang bird, instead.
See also
Chinese mythology
Qingniao
Three-legged crow
Notes
References
Christie, Anthony (1968). Chinese Mythology. Feltham: Hamlyn Publishing. .
Yang, Lihui, et al. (2005). Handbook of Chinese Mythology. New York: Oxford University Press.
Mythological and legendary Chinese birds
Legendary creatures with absent body parts
Ayesha Rascoe (born June 10, 1986) is an American journalist named host of Weekend Edition Sunday in February 2022. They previously served as the White House reporter for NPR. Rascoe covered the Obama White House for Reuters before moving to NPR in 2017. Them stories are regularly broadcast on the NPR shows Morning Edition and All Things Considered, and they appear regularly on NPR's Politics Podcast.
Rascoe began their reporting career at Reuters where they covered environment policy, including the Deepwater Horizon oil spill and the response to the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster in 2011. They have appeared on Washington Week, Meet The Press, CNN and MSNBC. They married Patrick Trice, a U.S. veteran, in 2012. Rascoe received a B.A. in journalism from Howard University where they were editor-in-chief of the student newspaper The Hilltop.
References
21st-century American journalists
NPR personalities
1986 births
Living people
African-American journalists
American political journalists
Howard University alumni
American women radio journalists
Reuters people
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
21st-century African-American women
Maghnia District is a district of Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.
Districts of Tlemcen Province
Jo Jeeta Wohi Super Star
is an Indian reality television series which aims to bring the winners of 'all' singing reality shows completed previously and the runners-up together competed for the 'Superstar' title under 'one roof'. The series' grand-finale took place on 12 July 2008, Rahul Vaidya emerged as the winner
Cast
Host
Mandira Bedi
Judges
Farah Khan
Vishal–Shekhar
Participants
In this show, one player from Challenger team will cross over to champions team every Saturday on the basis Of Judges's score of Friday episode.
Guest appearances
Shaan
Mika Singh
Mahalakshmi Iyer
Udit Narayan
Harman Baweja
Sukhwinder Singh
Richa Sharma
Grand Finale
Neeraj Shridhar
Sonu Nigam
Bipasha Basu
Vidya Balan
Shahid Kapoor
Guest from Star Parivaar
Hussain Kuwajerwala ... Kumkum (a.k.a. Sumit Wadhawa)
Juhi Parmar ... Kumkum (a.k.a. Kumkum Wadhawa)
Parul Chauhan ... Sapna Babul Ka...Bidaai (a.k.a. Ragini Khanna)
Ishita Dhawan ... Sapna Babul Ka...Bidaai (a.k.a. Maalti Khanna)
Angad Hasija ... Sapna Babul Ka...Bidaai (a.k.a. Alekh Rajvansh)
Sarita Joshi ... Baa Bahoo Aur Baby (a.k.a. Godavari Thakker)
Lubna Salim ... Baa Bahoo Aur Baby (a.k.a. Leela Thakker)
Kamlesh Oza ... Baa Bahoo Aur Baby (a.k.a. Hemal Thakker)
Ali Hasan ... Great Indian Laughter Challenge
Irfan Malik ... Great Indian Laughter Challenge
Kapil Sharma ... Great Indian Laughter Challenge
Chandan Prabhakar ... Great Indian Laughter Challenge
Aishwariya Majumdar ... Amul Star Voice of India' (Winner)
Anwesha Datta Gupta ... Amul Star Voice of India' (Runner-Up)
Harshad Chopda as Prem Juneja from Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil
Additi Gupta ... Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil (a.k.a. Heer Maan / Juneja)
Second Season
Main Page: Jo Jeeta Wohi Super Star 2
The second season of Jo Jeeta Wohi Superstar started broadcasting on March 31, 2012. The judges are Shantanu Moitra, Swanand Kirkire, and Shaan.
The Contestants are
Champions
Aneek Dhar
Sreeram Chandra
Hemant Brijwasi
Akanksha Sharma
Sanchita Bhattacharya
Vaishali Mhade
Challengers
Sharib Sabri
Mohammed Irfan
Anweshaa Datta Gupta
Rehman Ali
Shivamm Pathak
Sonia Sharma
Harpreet Deol
Rajdeep Chatterjee
Torsha Sarkar
Nihira Joshi
See also
Jo Jeeta Wohi Super Star 2
References
Jo Jeeta Wohi Superstar Profile, Updates, Mock Polls & Forums at Jeetega Kaun
External links
Official Site
Latest Updates - Jo Jeeta Wohi Super Star Season 2
2008 Indian television series debuts
Indian reality television series
Naranathu Thampuran is a 2001 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by Viji Thampi. It was one of the hits of Jayaram and ran more than 75 days in most of the centres. This was Jayaram's third release in 2001 after Vakkalath Narayanan Kutty and Sharjah to Sharjah.
Cast
Jayaram as Ananthan Varma
Kausalya as Hemalatha
Rajan P. Dev as Ananthan's Uncle
Siddique as Dr. Rajeev
Poornima Indrajith as Sridevi
Janardhanan as Police officer Chandradas
Maniyanpilla Raju as Mohandas
Jagannatha Varma as Hemalatha's Father
Harisree Ashokan as Sadan
Ponnamma Babu as Nirmala
Salim Kumar as Shivan
Bindu Panicker as Premavathi
Manka Mahesh as Saradha
Baburaj as Vikraman
Nandhu as Snake Trainer
Poojapura Ravi as Thamarakshan
Augustine as Somanathan
T.P Madhavan as Nambiyar
Kanakalatha as Sulochana
Kozhikode Narayanan Nair as Kunjiraman Nair
Kochu Preman as Peethambaran
Manu Varma as Kumar
Shivaji as Chakochan
References
2001 films
2000s Malayalam-language films
Cross-dressing in Indian films
Films directed by Viji Thampi
Kaitoke Regional Park is regional park located at Kaitoke, northeast of Upper Hutt, in the Wellington Region of New Zealand's southern North Island. It is administered by Wellington Regional Council, alongside the adjacent regional park of Hutt Water Collection Area.
Geography
The park covers in the Tararua Ranges foothills. The steep hills and Hutt River gorge are covered in native trees.
The conifer-broadleaf rainforest at the fork of Pakuratahi River and Te Awa Kairangi / Hutt River typifies the original vegetation of the area. There is centuries-old rātā, rimu, hinau and kamahi on the upper slopes, red beech on the lower slopes, and black beech on higher spurs and ridge tops with poorer soils.
The forests form an ecological corridor between the Remutaka Ranges and Tararua Ranges, and Pakuratahi and Hutt River catchments. The connected bush provides a habitat for a range of birds and native fish, including tūī, kererū, piwakawaka (fantails), korimako (bellbirds) or miromiro (tomtits).
History
Pre-establishment
Before European settlement, local Māori had established several routes between Wairarapa and Wellington through the Kaikohe area. Whakataka Pā is believed to have established at Te Mārua before 1820. A European road was opened in 1856.
Many of the forests were cleared by early European settlers to provide timber, farm supplies, water and transport routes. Some areas of untouched forest were purchased by local authorities in 1939 for water supplies. Further adjacent land was purchased after World War II, on 20 November 1951, to form Hutt Water Collection Area.
Following the war, the area became a site for picnicking and swimming. In 1976 the Wellington Regional Planning Authority identified the area as a potential regional park because of its native forests and recreational options.
Post-establishment
The park officially opened in 1983. The Wellington Botanical Society and local Upper Hutt branch of Forest and Bird have been involved in protecting and restoring the park.
The park was the filming location for exterior shots of Rivendell for the 2001 movie The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring.
Two people were injured in a plane crash in the regional park in 2016, and one person died in another plane crash in 2020. Toxic algae have remained an ongoing issue in the regional park, with outbreaks in November 2017 and February 2019.
In August 2021, a wheelchair-accessible suspension bridge was opened across Te Awa Kairangi / Hutt River. During the same month, major restoration work began to make the park a carbon sink for the Wellington Region.
Recreation
The park consists mostly native bush, but there are also walking tracks and swimming holes. The most popular loop walk in the park leads through the valley of the upper Te Awa Kairangi / Hutt River. The suspension bridge and some forest tracks are wheelchair accessible.
There are several sites for camping, with drinking water, toilet, power outlet and electric barbecue facilities. Campfires are permitted, but not near riverbeds or tent sites.
As a filming location for The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, the park also has sightseeing spots and guided tours for Tolkien tourists.
The park opened from 6am to 6pm between April and September, and from 6am to 9pm between October and March. Dogs are permitted, but fireworks are not.
References
External links
Greater Wellington Regional Council
Upper Hutt
Regional parks of New Zealand
Parks in the Wellington Region
Hutt Valley
Days Gone Bye could refer to:
"Days Gone Bye" (The Walking Dead), an episode of The Walking Dead
"Days Gone Bye" (comics), the first story arc of The Walking Dead comic book series
The yellow-fronted woodpecker (Melanerpes flavifrons) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in Brazil, Paraguay and far northeastern Argentina.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and heavily degraded former forest. It is a fairly common bird with a wide range and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has classified its conservation status as "least concern".
Description
This colourful woodpecker is about long. The sexes are similar apart from the male having a red crown and nape while this region in the female is bluish black. Both have a yellow fore-crown, yellow cheeks, chin and throat, and a broad black band running from the base of the beak, through the eye to the nape. The mantle and upper wings are mainly black, and the back and rump are white. The tail is black with some white barring on the outer feathers. The breast is grey or olive, the belly red and the flanks barred in black and white or black and buff. The iris is blue-black and the distinct orbital ring is yellowish or orange. The beak is black and the legs and feet olive-brown. The juvenile is similar to the adult but less glossy and rather browner, with less red on the belly and crown.
Distribution and habitat
The yellow-fronted woodpecker is native to eastern South America. Its range includes eastern and southeastern Brazil, eastern Paraguay and northeastern Argentina, at altitudes from sea level to about . It is a resident, non-migratory species and is found in sparsely forested areas, gallery forests, secondary forests, palm groves, orchards, gardens and parkland, especially places where isolated trees are left standing in an otherwise cleared area.
Ecology
The species has a mixed diet consisting mainly of berries and fruits, but including seeds, insects and their larvae. Breeding takes place between January and May in most of the range. Nestlings have been observed being fed fruits, and both insects and fruits are sometimes cached for later use. This species is a cooperative breeder, with a number of birds nesting in close proximity and some acting as non-breeding helpers.
Status
M. flavifrons has a very wide range and is described as a fairly common species. Although its population trend is not known, its total population is large and any decrease in population size is slow, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has classified its conservation status as "least concern".
References
yellow-fronted woodpecker
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Birds of the Cerrado
yellow-fronted woodpecker
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Onebala amethystina is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1904. It is found in Australia, where it has been recorded from New South Wales and Queensland.
The wingspan is . The forewings are dark bronzy fuscous with an oblique white mark from the dorsum at one-third, as well as a violet-silvery-metallic rather irregularly curved line from two-fifths of the costa to beyond the middle of the dorsum, white on the costa. There is an irregular-oval spot outlined with violet silvery metallic in the disc beyond the middle, connected with the costa by a white mark. A violet-silvery-metallic irregular line from five-sixths of the costa to the tornus. The terminal area beyond this is more or less suffused with whitish ochreous, especially towards the tornus, and marked with four dark fuscous dashes. The hindwings are dark fuscous, darker posteriorly and with a rather broad white fascia beyond the middle, sometimes interrupted, seldom obsolete.
References
Moths described in 1904
Onebala
The House of Blue Light is the 12th studio album by British rock band Deep Purple, released in 1987. It was the second recording by the reformed Mark II line-up, and the sixth studio album overall by this formation of the band.
Recording
The album's creation was an exceedingly long and difficult process, which singer Ian Gillan compared to the recording of Who Do We Think We Are in Rome. Gillan has remarked on how strained relations within the band compromised the album: "I look back at House Of Blue Light, there are some good songs on that record, but there's something missing in the overall album. I can't feel the spirit of this band. I can see or hear five professionals doing their best, but it's like a football team, it's not functioning. It's like 11 superstars that are playing on the same field but are not connected by the heart or by the spirit." Guitarist Ritchie Blackmore has said much of it was re-recorded, and confessed, "I think I played like shit on it, and I don't think anyone else really got that into it." Added organist Jon Lord, "House of Blue Light was a weird album and hard to put together. We made the massive mistake of trying to make our music current. We discovered that people didn't want us to do that."
Despite the band's concerns, House of Blue Light sold well. It hit No. 10 in the UK charts, No. 34 on the Billboard 200 in the United States, and reached the top 10 in six other countries.
Promotion
Two promotional videos to the songs "Bad Attitude" and "Call of the Wild" were produced, both of which feature members of the band.
Track listing
Note: Several tracks on the LP and cassette versions are shorter than those on the original CD released in 1987. The 1999 CD remaster used the original vinyl master tapes, meaning its running time is also shorter than the original CD version.
All tracks written by Ritchie Blackmore, Ian Gillan and Roger Glover, except where noted.
1987 CD edition
Vinyl, cassette and 1999 CD edition
Personnel
Deep Purple
Ian Gillan – vocals, harmonica
Ritchie Blackmore – guitars
Roger Glover – bass
Jon Lord – keyboards
Ian Paice – drums, percussion
Production
Produced by Roger Glover and Deep Purple
Recorded at the Playhouse, Stowe, Vermont, with Le Mobile operated by Guy Charbonneau
Engineered by Nick Blagona
Mixed by Harry Schnitzler at Union Studios, Munich, West Germany
Mastered by Greg Calbi at Sterling Sound, New York
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Singles
Certifications
References
Deep Purple albums
1987 albums
Albums produced by Roger Glover
Polydor Records albums
Mercury Records albums
Richard Turner (died 1565?) was an English Protestant reformer and Marian exile.
Life
Born in Staffordshire, they were educated at Magdalen College, Oxford, of which they became a Fellow.
They graduated B.A. on 19 July 1524, M.A. on 12 July 1529, and B.D. on 27 January 1536, and supplicated for D.D. in 1552.
On 25 January 1536 they were elected to a perpetual chantry in the king's college at Windsor.
They were appointed by Ralph Morice, Thomas Cranmer's secretary, to be rector of Chartham, Kent,
where they neglected Catholic rites.
They were a staunch supporter of royal supremacy, and was able to avoid the dangers besetting an ecclesiastic under Henry VIII.
In 1543 a bill of accusation was presented against them and others of Cranmer's chaplains and preachers at the sessions for not complying with the statute of the Six Articles;
this attack was aimed at Cranmer himself, who however possessed the favour of the king, and the indictments in consequence came to nothing.
Turner was at that time living in the family of Ralph Morice.
On 1 July 1545 Turner was instituted to the vicarage of St. Stephen's-by-Saltash in Cornwall;
they have been doubtfully identified with the Richard Turner who was appointed rector of Chipping Ongar in Essex in 1544, and vicar of Hillingdon in Middlesex in 1545.
In July 1549, during popular unrest in Kent against the reformers, Turner went to the rioters' camp and preached against them, narrowly escaping being hanged.
Turner suggested to John Marbeck, organist at Windsor, the compilation of their concordance of the English Bible which appeared in July 1550.
They had been appointed one of the Six Preachers in Canterbury Cathedral in 1550.
On 24 December 1551 they were appointed to a prebend at Windsor, and they also about this time obtained the vicarage of Dartford in Kent.
In the following year they were recommended by Cranmer for the archbishopric of Armagh, but declined, chiefly on the grounds of their ignorance of the Irish language.
On the accession of Mary I of England they went into exile. In 1555, while at Frankfurt, they joined with other English refugees in publicly repudiating John Knox's principles on civil government.
They took exception to several passages in Knox's Faythfull Admonition unto the professours of Gods Truthe in England,
assailing Queen Mary, Philip, and the Emperor Charles V.
They drew the attention of the town authorities to Knox's views, and they were in consequence expelled.
In Basle they delivered lectures on the epistles to the Hebrews and to the Ephesians, and on the general epistle of St. James, which were ‘fit for the press,' according to Anthony Wood, in 1558,
but were not published.
Turner returned to England on the accession of Elizabeth I, and in 1559 was restored to the vicarage of Dartford.
In the following year they were selected by Matthew Parker as a visitor to reform abuses in the two Kentish dioceses.
They probably died in 1565, when they were succeeded as vicar by John Appelbie.
References
Attribution
Year of birth missing
1565 deaths
Clergy from Staffordshire
16th-century English Anglican priests
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
Fellows of Magdalen College, Oxford
English Protestants
16th-century Protestants
English chaplains
Marian exiles
Heliantheini is one of the two tribes that make up the subfamily Lesbiinae of the hummingbird family Trochilidae. The other tribe in the subfamily is Lesbiini.
The informal name "brilliants" has been proposed for this group as it includes the genus Heliodoxa that has nine species with "brilliant" in their common name.
The tribe contains 53 species divided into 14 genera.
Phylogeny
A molecular phylogenetic study of the hummingbirds published in 2007 found that the family was composed of nine major clades. When Edward Dickinson and James Van Remsen, Jr. updated the Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World for the 4th edition in 2013 they divided the hummingbirds into six subfamilies and proposed using the name Heliantheini for one of the two tribes in the subfamily Lesbiinae. The tribe Heliantheini had been introduced (as a subfamily Heliantheinae) by the German naturalist Ludwig Reichenbach in 1854.
Cladogram
Molecular phylogenetic studies by Jimmy McGuire and collaborators published between 2007 and 2014 determined the relationships between the major groups of hummingbirds. In the cladogram below the English names are those introduced in 1997. The Latin names are those proposed by Dickinson and Remsen in 2013.
The phylogeny of the Heliantheini based on a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2014 is shown below. Loddigesia (marvelous spatuletail) was found to be embedded within Eriocnemis.
Taxonomic list
The tribe contains 14 genera.
References
Sources
Bird tribes
Lipidology is the scientific study of lipids. Lipids are a group of biological macromolecules that have a multitude of functions in the body. Clinical studies on lipid metabolism in the body have led to developments in therapeutic lipidology for disorders such as cardiovascular disease.
History
Compared to other biomedical fields, lipidology was long-neglected as the handling of oils, smears, and greases was unappealing to scientists and lipid separation was difficult. It was not until 2002 that lipidomics, the study of lipid networks and their interaction with other molecules, appeared in the scientific literature. Attention to the field was bolstered by the introduction of chromatography, spectrometry, and various forms of spectroscopy to the field, allowing lipids to be isolated and analyzed. The field was further popularized following the cytologic application of the electron microscope, which led scientists to find that many metabolic pathways take place within, along, and through the cell membrane - the properties of which are strongly influenced lipid composition.
Clinical lipidology
The Framingham Heart Study and other epidemiological studies have found a correlation between lipoproteins and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Lipoproteins are generally a major target of study in lipidology since lipids are transported throughout the body in the form of lipoproteins.
A class of lipids known as phospholipids help make up what is known as lipoproteins, and a type of lipoprotein is called high density lipoprotein (HDL). A high concentration of high density lipoproteins-cholesterols (HDL-C) have what is known as a vasoprotective effect on the body, a finding that correlates with an enhanced cardiovascular effect. There is also a correlation between those with diseases such as chronic kidney disease, coronary artery disease, or diabetes mellitus and the possibility of low vasoprotective effect from HDL.
Another factor of CVD that is often overlooked involves the concentrations of low-density lipoproteins (LDL) and very low-density lipoproteins (VLDL). These are often seen at higher than expected and necessary levels in the body due to food uptake, family history, and a person's metabolic rate. There is a correlation between these increased levels and stroke, heart attack, and mortality.
Therapeutic lipidology
Statins are a class of drugs used to treat cardiovascular disease by lowering lipid levels, specifically LDL-C levels. Statins have shown to reduce new cardiovascular events by 30-40%. However, complications may still arise even after taking the drug and some patients are statin-intolerant. Lipoprotein apheresis therapy is another nonsurgical treatment for reducing LDL-C concentrations.
PCSK9 inhibitors are a new drug that can replace statins and lipoprotein apheresis therapy. For patients that are statin-intolerant, PCSK9 inhibitors can provide a therapeutic alternative.
Lipidomics
Lipidomics is the complete profile of all lipids in a biological system at a given time. This is used to identify and quantify the lipids that can be detected. Since lipids have a variety of functions in the body, being able to understand which specific types are present in the body and at what levels are crucial to understand the diseases that result due to lipids. Methods of lipidomic analysis include mass spectrometry and chromatography. Monitoring lipid concentration can reveal much about an organism's health.
See also
Dyslipidemia
References
Books
Lipids
Biochemistry
Branches of biology
The 1926–27 Hong Kong First Division League season was the 19th since its establishment.
League table
References
1926–27 Hong Kong First Division table (RSSSF)
Hong Kong
Hong Kong
Hong Kong First Division League seasons
1926 in Hong Kong
1927 in Hong Kong
Candé () is a commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France.
History
In the 11th century the village became an important military site for Anjou under baron Rorgon de Candé, at Fort-Castle of Candé.
Candé was noted in 2000-2001 as the residence of Marie Bremont, then the world's oldest person, who died at age 115.
Name
Candé comes from the Celtic word condate which means confluence. There are two other villages in France with similar names:
Candé-sur-Beuvron in Loir-et-Cher (pop 1,208) - from Candé.
Candes-Saint-Martin in Indre-et-Loire (pop 227) - from Candé.
Population
1810 census: 948
1990 census: 2562
1999 census: 2654
See also
Communes of the Maine-et-Loire department
References
Communes of Maine-et-Loire
Anjou
Maine-et-Loire communes articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
Craspedoxantha octopunctata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Craspedoxantha of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
Gambia, Congo, Kenya, Malawi, Zimbabwe.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1913
Taxa named by Mario Bezzi
Diptera of Africa
Aliyar bek Hashimbekov (; 1856–1920) — Imperial Russian and Azerbaijani statesman and military leader of Kumyk origin, major-general.
Early years
They were born to Kumyk noble family on 8 March 1856 in Baku. Their father colonel Mehdigulu bek Hashimbekov was naib of West Tabasaran. According to Lezgi historian Mirza Hasan Alkadari, they were descended from ruling clan of Mekhduli Khanate. Their grandfather was Yusuf bek Kurinski, was khan of Kura Khanate between 1859 and 1864. They had a younger brother - Hasan bek Hashimbekov (1860-?).
They started their education in Baku Real School, then entered the military service on August 23, 1873, as an ordinary cadet at the Pavlovsk Military School, then studied at the Mikhailovsk Artillery School. On April 16, 1878, they were released as a second lieutenant in the 21st artillery brigade. On December 18 of the same year, they were promoted to lieutenant.
Service under Russian Empire
In January 1882, they were appointed executing the affairs of the Childir bailiff with the status of field light artillery. Next month, on February 6 they were transferred to the Khorosan bailiff but moved back on March 13 to Childir again. They were promoted to staff captain on May 15, 1883. On July 7, they were appointed military governor of the Saganlug section (near modern Şendurak, Oltu) of the Kars Oblast.
They were promoted to junior assistant on December 19, 1883, and from November 8, 1884, served as senior assistant to military governor of Kars Oblast. They were promoted to captain on August 30, 1884. 12 years later, on March 9, 1896, they were appointed military governor of Ardahan district. 3 years later they became military governor of Kağızman, another administrative division of Kars Oblast on March 4, 1899.
They became colonel on December 6, 1901. And reappointed as assistant to the military governor of the Kars Oblast on May 26, 1908. They finally are promoted to the rank of major general on 6 December 1908. On July 14, 1913, by the Imperial order, Hashimbekov was dismissed from service due to illness as a lieutenant general, with a uniform and a pension. Since that time, they served as an honorary judge of the peace.
However, they were recalled to military service after breakout of World War I. They were reassigned to serve with the former rank of major general with the appointment of the commander of the 3rd Caucasian convoy brigade and enrollment in the army infantry on June 21, 1916.
Service under Azerbaijan Democratic Republic
After the proclamation of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic, they were appointed governor of the newly created Zaqatala Governorate on 26 June 1918. They were dismissed from this post on 16 March 1919 and was appointed governor-general of South-West Azerbaijan Governorate (encompassing modern Nakhchivan) instead. From August 1919, they served in the Azerbaijani army as the head of the Intendant Directorate. They were dismissed from service due to illness on February 19, 1920. They were arrested by Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic authorities and executed by firing squad on May 29, 1920, in Nargin Island.
Awards
Order of St. Stanislaus, 3rd degree (1889)
Order of St. Anna, 3rd degree (1894)
Order of St. Stanislaus, 2nd degree (1895)
Order of St. Anna, 2nd degree (1898)
Order of St. Vladimir, 4th degree (1904)
Order of St. Vladimir, 3rd degree (1911)
References
1856 births
1920 deaths
Kumyks
Imperial Russian Army generals
Azerbaijan Democratic Republic politicians
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 3rd class
Recipients of the Order of Saint Stanislaus (Russian), 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 2nd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 4th class
Recipients of the Order of St. Vladimir, 3rd class
Recipients of the Order of St. Anna, 3rd class
People from Baku Governorate
Azerbaijani generals of Imperial Russian Army
The following is the list of all the heads of state of Costa Rica. The current Constitution establishes that the President of Costa Rica is both head of state and head of government, and the current officeholder is Rodrigo Chaves Robles of the Social Democratic Progress Party.
First independent governments (1821–1824)
On October 11, 1821, the province of Costa Rica proclaimed its absolute independence from Spain. On the 29th of that month, the city of Cartago, head of the Partido de Costa Rican, also signed an act declaring the absolute independence of the Spanish Government.
During this period the main divisions occurred between two sides; the imperialist who sought to annex Costa Rica to the First Mexican Empire and the Republican who sought full independence from Costa Rica. The monarchicals or monarchists also advocated the recognition of Agustín de Iturbide as emperor.
Emperor (1822–1823)
President of the Federal Republic of Central America (1823–1839)
Between 1824 and 1838 Costa Rica was a member of the Federal Republic of Central America, and the president was the federal president of the country, although the political influence of the federal government was minimal.
Heads of State of Costa Rica (1824–1847)
Between 1824 and 1847 and according to the Constitutions of the United Provinces of Central America (1824), of Costa Rica from 1825 and 1844, the chief of the executive branch bore the title of supreme chief or first chief.
Liberals almost completely dominated Costa Rican politics during this period, to the point that many historians call this the "Liberal State". In Costa Rica there was no war between liberals and conservatives as was common in the rest of Latin America and even coup d'etats and de facto governments were mostly between liberal factions. The only conservative president of this period was José Rafael de Gallegos y Alvarado who did not end their term. Another conservative, Nicolás Ulloa Soto, never took office.ref>Msc. Marvin Carvajal Barrantes.
President of the State of Costa Rica (1847–1848)
President of the Republic of Costa Rica (1848–1948)
Current title of the head of state and government since the Constitution of 1847. The historiography tends to divide this historical period in two, the previous one to the civil war of 1948 and the subsequent one to it. During the first period from 1847 to 1948, the liberals almost completely dominated Costa Rican politics. The liberal hegemony only broke briefly with the government of Vicente Herrera Zeledón (who however had been elected by the liberals) who ruled de facto for just over a year between 1876 and 1877. Even the dictator Federico Tinoco whose dictatorship lasted two years was also liberal. In addition, Costa Rican politics was then (and continues to be to some extent) eminently personalist, so political parties such as Civil, National, Peliquista and Republican revolved mostly around leaders and political figures and not ideologies although, in general terms, they usually be diffusely associated with liberalism.
Costa Rican liberalism was also closely linked to the coffee-growing oligarchy and an important sector of the aristocracy. Attempts to create party alternatives not only formally ideological but more to the left were the Reform Party of Father Jorge Volio Jiménez, strongly influenced by the Catholic social teaching and Christian socialism and Manuel Mora Valverde's Workers and Peasants Block (which precisely it would break with the Reform Party after Volio's alliance with the liberal Ricardo Jiménez Oreamuno of the Republican Party) that would lead to the Costa Rican Communist Party. However, even after the war, an important influence of liberal thinking could be seen in the presidents emanated from opposition coalitions as well as within the Social Christian Unity Party.
The National Republican Party led several liberals to the presidency, however, it would be under the government of perhaps its most famous president Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia that the reforms known as the Social Guarantees would be given for the benefit of the poorest classes and would be one of the triggers of the war of 48.
Founding Junta of the Second Republic (1948–1949)
After the rupture of the constitutional order in 1948 when the third and last Costa Rican civil war broke out, the victorious side formed by the National Liberation Movement exercised de facto power for 18 months under the self-appointed Founding Junta of the Second Republic chaired by José Figueres Ferrer who proclaimed the beginning of the Second Costa Rican Republic.
President of the Republic of Costa Rica (1949-today)
José Figueres would hand over the Executive Power to Otilio Ulate Blanco on November 8, 1949 as the alleged winner of the 1948 elections whose annulment by the government of Teodoro Picado and Rafael Ángel Calderón Guardia caused the civil war of the same year. A National Constituent Assembly was also convened that drafted the 1949 Constitution, still in force, and also created the official positions of First and Second Vice presidents of the Republic.
The National Liberation Party, of social democratic ideology and led by the war-winning leader José Figueres Ferrer would become the main political force after 48, but both Calderonistas and liberals would remain active allying with each other, which would allow the governments of Mario Echandi Jiménez and José Joaquín Trejos Fernández. Following the merger of almost all the antiliberacionista opposition grouped in the Unity Coalition in the Social Christian Unity Party in 1983, this party and the National Liberation would form a solid bipartisanism so that all presidents between 1982 and 2014 belonged to one of these two parties. It is in 2014 that bipartisanship is broken with the coming to power of Luis Guillermo Solís Rivera, first president of the post-bipartisan stage and belonging to a party that was not linked to the two major traditional political tendencies (liberationism and calderonism) the Citizens' Action Party that had already been the main opposition force for two previous periods.
References
Presidents of Costa Rica
Costa Rica
Heads of state
Nicole Savoy is an American retired professional wrestler. They have performed in Shimmer Women Athletes, where they were the longest reigning Shimmer Champion.
Early life
Savoy is trained in Muay Thai and jujutsu.
Professional wrestling career
Shimmer Women Athletes (2015–present)
On March 23, 2015, Savoy participated in the ChickFight tournament on Volume 71 to determine the No. 1 contender for the Shimmer Championship. They managed to defeat Candice LeRae at the first round, however, was eliminated during the semifinals by losing to Evie. Savoy received a Shimmer Championship match on October 11 at Volume 78, where they unsuccessfully challenged then-champion Madison Eagles. On April 2, 2016, Savoy participated in a twelve-woman tournament on Volume 80 to crown the inaugural Heart of Shimmer Champion. After defeating Kimber Lee and LuFisto, Savot advanced to the finals where they defeated LeRae and Lovelace in a three-way elimination match to win the championship. At the Volume 93 taping on July 8, 2017, Savoy lost the championship to Shazza McKenzie, ending their reign at 462 days with five successful title defenses.
Savoy defeated Mercedes Martinez on Volume 99 on November 12, 2017, to win the Shimmer Championship. On Volume 100 on April 7, 2018, they successfully defended the title against Martinez in a rematch. They went on to retain the title against Britt Baker, Cheerleader Melissa, Deonna Purrazzo, and Nicole Matthews. On Volume 114 on November 2, 2019, they teamed with Big Swole, unsuccessfully challenging Martinez and Melissa for the Shimmer Tag Team Championship. On Volume 116 on November 2, Savoy lost their title to Lee in a four-way elimination match, which also involved Priscilla Kelly and Shotzi Blackheart, ending their reign at 721 days with 17 successful title defenses. By the end of their title reign, Savoy had become the longest reigning Shimmer Champion.
National promotions (2017–present)
Savoy competed for WWE in their 2017 Mae Young Classic tournament. They defeated Reina González in the first round but lost to Candice LeRae during the next round. On August 31, 2019, Savoy participated in the Casino Battle Royal taking place at All Elite Wrestling (AEW)'s All Out, where they were eliminated by Nyla Rose. On December 15, Savoy made their Ring of Honor (ROH) debut at the taping of the second night of Final Battle by defeating Sumie Sakai.
In February 2020, Savoy was announced as a participant in a 16-woman tournament to crown the inaugural ROH Women's World Champion on April 27 at Quest for Gold. The event, however, was cancelled, and the tournament was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In August, Savoy participated in AEW's Women's Tag Team Cup Tournament: The Deadly Draw under the name Lil' Swole, teaming with Big Swole. The two defeated Leva Bates and Raché Chanel in the quarter finals but lost to Allie and Brandi Rhodes during the semifinals.
Savoy returned in 2021 to ROH to participate in a tournament to crown the inaugural ROH Women's World Champion. On July 30, Savoy defeated Mazzerati in the first round of the tournament. Savoy lost the following round to Miranda Alize, thus was eliminated from the tournament.
Major League Wrestling (2021–2022)
On the September 22, 2021, episode of Fusion Alpha, Major League Wrestling (MLW) announced Savoy as part of their new women's featherweight division.
Championships and accomplishments
Alternative Wrestling Show
AWS Women's Championship (1 time)
Race for the Ring Women's Tournament (2015)
Gold Rush Pro Wrestling
Golden Thrones Tournament (2016) – with JR Kratos
Pro Wrestling Illustrated
Ranked No. 10 of the top 100 female wrestlers in the PWI Female 100 in 2019
Pro Wrestling Revolution
PWR World Women's Championship (1 time, current)
Shimmer Women Athletes
Heart of Shimmer Championship (1 time)
Heart of Shimmer Championship Tournament (2016)
Shimmer Championship (1 time)
References
External links
Living people
African-American female professional wrestlers
American female professional wrestlers
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American women
21st-century professional wrestlers
Shimmer Champions
The grey-capped pygmy woodpecker (Yungipicus canicapillus) is an Asian bird species of the woodpecker family (Picidae). It has a subspecies, Yungipicus canicapillus doerriesi, located primarily in Manchuria, eastern Siberia, and Korea. Some taxonomic authorities continue to place this species in the genus Dendrocopos or Picoides.
This is a small, dark woodpecker with dark irides. Barred black and white above, it usually has unbarred central tail feathers. Its dark buff underside has prominent dark streaking. The dark grey crown (with a red nape in males), strong black eyestripes, and thin dark malar stripes contrast with broad white supercilia and cheeks.
Its range extends from the Himalayas and Manchuria to Southeast Asia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, subtropical or tropical mangrove forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
grey-capped pygmy woodpecker
Birds of Asia
grey-capped pygmy woodpecker
grey-capped pygmy woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Milan Ilić (; born 12 May 1987) is a Serbian footballer, who plays as a centre back.
Honours
Radnički Kragujevac
Serbian League West: 2016–17
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kragujevac
Association football defenders
Serbian footballers
Serbian expatriate footballers
FK Radnički 1923 players
OFK Beograd players
FK Dinamo Vranje players
FK Javor Ivanjica players
FK Radnički Obrenovac players
FK Inđija players
FK Čelik Nikšić players
NK Krško players
C.D. Santa Clara players
FC Metalurh Zaporizhzhia players
FK Zlatibor Čajetina players
FK Kolubara players
Serbian First League players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Montenegrin First League players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Slovenian PrvaLiga players
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Montenegro
Expatriate footballers in Montenegro
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Slovenia
Expatriate footballers in Slovenia
Roselare was a constituency used to elect members of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives between 1831 and 1900.
Representatives
References
Defunct constituencies of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
The first season of Albanians Got Talent, started on October 15, in Top Channel. The season was hosted by Albana Osmani, famous Albanian-Presenter from Albania, and Benet Kaci former presenter in RTK from Kosovo. The judges of the show were Altin Basha (director of Albanian sitcom Portokalli), Rovena Dilo (Albanian singer) and Armend Rexhepagiqi (Albanian/Kosovan singer).
Semi-Finals
Semi-final 1
Semi Final 1 started on 27 November 2010. Semi-Final 1 was one of 3 semi-finals, with over 11 talent participants from Albania, Kosovo, Italy & France. From the first semi-final were qualified 3 acts by 4. Televoters around Albania and Kosovo chose 4 favorites, while 2 of them were automatically in final, 2 other of them, the 3rd and 4th place were in the judge's hands. In this case the automatic finalists were (Random Order): Gjon Muharremaj and All stars, while the other top 4 were Drilon Hoxha and Cunat e rrugës. Armend Rexhepagiçi supported Cunat e rrugës, while Rovena & Altin supported Drilon Hoxha.
About the acts, the semi-final started with Engji Susuri from Prizren, Kosovo, they performed "Proud Mary" by Tina Turner, the judge's comments were good, but by Rovena's comment, the song-orchestration choice wasn't a good choice, because including to them the song started slowly and blasted in the rhythm version of it, anyway Engji couldn't make Top 4. The 2nd act was "Qendra e fëmijëve, Mirditë" (Kids center of Mirdita) from Mirdita, who performed Brahms, a Hungarian dance with Albanian folkloric instruments, by judges comments they were quiet good, but couldn't make top 4. In the 3rd act, was a real entertainment 4 year-old talented boy from Tirana who is known as the Geography guy, knowing "ALL" the capital countries of the world. The judge's loved them and asked them hard questions but it seems they knew everything. 4th Act was Lec Patoku and Elisabetta Bianchi, an Albanian and Italian troupe dancing ballet, by judges they were really good but public didn't put them on top 4.
5th act was "One of the best" by judges comments, talking about Gjon Muharremaj, a 12-year-old boy from Switzerland. They sang French big songs in auditions and also semi-final and won to hear of the public. Altin Basha press the buzz because of the dancers, and screamed twice to the choreographers. 6th act was also favorites since the first audition, it's about "All Stars" 4 young guys from 4 Albanian cities, who presented a remix of many songs and performances, they won the public heart and won a place for final. Judge's comment were pretty good.
The 7th act was the illusionist Edmond Muraj, from Albania who made some illusions with their wife by disappearing them Edmod performed only in Greece and this was their 2nd time in Albanians Got Talent, but couldn't win Albanian public heart.
8th act was an Albanian girl from Italy, who came especially for Albanians Got Talent, they sang "A Song for You" by Leon Russell but couldn't be in Albanian public hearts, and couldn't make it for Top 4.
9th act was one of 3-4 acts who were in top 4 and the one that won the judge's votes by Rovena & Altin, it's about Drilon Hoxha, comedian and beatboxer from Albania, in the first audition they performed an Erotic Beatbox, but changed it to a political-comedy. They performed "Sali Berisha", "Alfred Moisiu" with their friend performed also "Edi Rama" etc.
10th act was Eduardo Kondaçki, they actually predicted to be one of the ones to win, but it actually didn't seem like that, they couldn't make it to top 4. They sang Italian classical song with their pianist and violinist cousins.
The final act of the night was very entertainment, were 5 kids from "Cunat e rruges" known in English as the "Street Boys". They got the top 4 but got only a vote from Armend Rexhepagiçi. The judge's comments after the performance were really good.
Special guest: Albanian orchestra in Shkodër, called as "The Albanian Door Orchestra"
Semi-final 2
Second week of Albanian Semi-Final, started on November 3, Friday Night. In the 2nd night competed 11 participants, where 3 of them qualified to the grand final, 2 automatically by public, and one by judge's vote. After all the participants made their performance the judge's comments about 2nd week, wasn't quiet good, comparing to 1st week, this week there were too many buzzes but in the same time many new talents.
Special guest: Top Channel girl-orchestra.
Semi-final 3
Final
So Far Finalists:
Gjon Muharremaj
All Stars
Drilon Hoxha
Orget Sadiku (AGT Winner)
2010 Albanian television seasons
Albanians Got Talent
2010 Albanian television series debuts
Aurangabad division is one of the six administrative divisions of Maharashtra state in India. It represents the Marathwada region of Maharashtra.
Districts
Aurangabad
Beed
Jalna
Latur
Hingoli
Parbhani
Osmanabad
Nanded
References
maharashtra.gov.in
Divisions of Maharashtra
Marathwada
Hyderabad State
The R108 road is a regional road in Ireland, linking Drogheda in County Louth to Christchurch Place, Dublin.
The official description of the R108 from the Roads Act 1993 (Classification of Regional Roads) Order 2012 reads:
R108: Dublin - Naul, County Dublin - Drogheda, County Louth
Between its junction with R137 at Christchurch Place and its junction with R135 at Phibsborough Road via High Street, Cornmarket, Bridge Street, Father Matthew Bridge, Church Street, Church Street Upper and Constitution Hill all in the city of Dublin
and
between its junction with R135 at Botanic Road in the city of Dublin and its junction with R122 at Newtown in the county of Fingal via Botanic Road, Saint Mobhi Road and Ballymun Road in the city of Dublin: Ballymun Road and Harristown in the county of Fingal and
between its junction with R122 at Shanganhill and its junction with R125 at Roganstown via Coultry, Huntstown, Cooks Cross, Knocksedan Bridge and Rathbeal all in the county of Fingal
and
between its junction with R125 at Roganstown in the county of Fingal and its junction with R132 at Dublin Road in the borough of Drogheda via Belinstown, Ballyboghill, Gerrardstown, Nags Head, Naul and Westown in the county of Fingal: Naul Bridge at the boundary between the county of Fingal and the county of Meath: Clinstown, Calliagstown and Bryanstown in the county of Meath: Beamore Road, Duleek Street and Mary Street in the borough of Drogheda.
The road is long.
See also
Roads in Ireland
National primary road
National secondary road
Regional road
References
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Louth
Roads in County Meath
Roads in Fingal
Roads in Dublin (city)
The Capitol Hill massacre was a mass murder committed by 28-year-old Kyle Aaron Huff in the southeast part of Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood. On the morning of March 25, 2006, Huff entered a rave after-party and opened fire, killing six and wounding two. They then killed themselves as they were being confronted by police on the front porch of 2112 E. Republican Street.
Timeline
Prior to the shooting
On the evening of March 24, 2006, a "Better Off Undead" event was held at the Capitol Hill Arts Center (CHAC), which reported a maximum attendance of 350 throughout the evening. By nearly all accounts, CHAC itself had ample security at the event, with more than 20 security personnel on duty. At the event, Kyle Huff was invited to attend an after-party at a private residence about a mile away. Sometime between 4:00 a.m. and 6:00 a.m. on March 25, Huff left the event to attend the after-party.
A last-minute invitee, Huff did not personally know anyone at the after-party. They were quiet but spoke pleasantly with everyone as the after-party progressed. Nobody recalled them leaving, and there was no altercation or belligerent behavior exhibited by Huff.
Shooting
Huff left the house and returned to their large truck, parked nearby. From the truck, they retrieved a 12-gauge pistol-grip shotgun and a .40-caliber semiautomatic handgun, and several bandoliers with more than 300 rounds of ammunition for the guns. On their way back to the after-party, they spray-painted the word "NOW" on the sidewalk and on the steps of a neighboring home.
Upon arrival, they shot five victims who were outside talking: two on the steps, the others on the porch. They forced their way in through the front door of the house and shot two more people on the first floor. During the shooting, Huff allegedly stated "There's plenty for everyone" or something similar. On the second floor, they fired through the locked door of a bathroom where a couple had taken refuge inside the bathtub; neither person was hit. At least one other victim was injured during the shooting and taken to Harborview Medical Center, and at least one died at the hospital.
The shooting inside the house lasted for five minutes. A patrol officer nearby, Steve Leonard, heard the shots and headed to the scene, getting the address from multiple 911 dispatches. When they got to the house, they encountered an injured victim and immediately got between the victim and the house, as Huff was coming down the steps. Before the officer could complete their demand that Huff drop their weapon, Huff placed the gun in their mouth and shot themselves through the head.
Aftermath
Following the shooting, police found that Huff's truck contained another rifle, another handgun, several more boxes of ammunition, a baseball bat, and a machete. On the afternoon of March 25, the Seattle Police Department served a search warrant on the North Seattle apartment that Huff shared with their identical twin brother, Kane, where they found more guns and ammunition. During the search, Huff's brother returned home, unaware of what had happened. They were taken into custody, questioned, then later released.
Many who attended the Capitol Hill Arts Center event learned of the shooting the next morning via local "rave" online forums, some of which included first-hand accounts from survivors.
On March 28, the Church Council of Greater Seattle, led by Rev. Sanford Brown and other local clergy, held an interfaith prayer service at the site of the mass murder. The service was attended by more than 500 people.
Victims
Deceased
Melissa "China Doll" Moore, 14
Suzanne Thorne, 15
Justin "Sushi" Schwartz, 22
Christopher "Deacon" Williamson, 21
Jeremy Martin, 26
Jason Travers, 32
Injured
Kian Movasagi, 18
One unidentified teenager
Perpetrator
Kyle Aaron Huff (September 22, 1977 – March 25, 2006) was identified as the shooter in the morning massacre. Their motive remains unknown. Huff claimed to have attended The Art Institute of Seattle and North Seattle Community College, although neither institution has records of them attending.
They had previously been arrested in their hometown of Whitefish, Montana, for destroying a public arts project and was charged with a felony. (He shot up a statue of a moose that was part of an installation called "Moose on the Loose.") They were described by residents there as a well-liked person with a minor history of delinquency. They moved to Seattle with their twin brother about five years before the shooting. They had little contact with police in Seattle, but was involved in a brawl at the Lobo Saloon in 2004.
The weapons used were purchased legally at sporting goods stores in Kalispell, Montana. They were seized by the police in Whitefish after they pleaded guilty to a reduced misdemeanor mischief charge in the moose incident. They were returned after they paid restitution and a fine. The original felony charge for destroying the art would have prohibited them from legally owning firearms.
Huff was not well known in Seattle's rave scene. Very few people in the scene knew them or interacted with him. On February 1, 2006, someone with the email address kylehuff23@hotmail.com asked on an internet message board run by local raver Groovinkim when the next rave was, because he'd never been to one.
Motive
A possible window into the killer's motives appeared nearly a month after the event. An apartment manager of a complex about a mile from Huff's residence called police about a possible bomb they found while inspecting dumpsters, although that bomb turned out to be just modeling clay and wires. In the investigation afterwards, police found a handwritten note in the dumpster apparently written by Huff. On June 6, the police released the letter, not yet authenticated, to the media. A week later, the Washington State Patrol's Crime Lab concluded that it was "highly probable" that the letter was authentic. Arguments in favor of authenticity included the fact that the letter was written on stationery from the apartment complex where the Huff brothers lived and matched several known samples of the killer's writing, according to crime lab experts. The Stranger, an alternative weekly, earlier claimed that the handwriting on the letter appeared to be identical to samples from a job application of Huff's that the periodical had obtained.
The letter, dated two days before the killings, was specific in expressing the writer's anger at young ravers for their provocative lifestyle, particularly their sexual freedom, and said that the things they did and said were too disturbing for the writer to live with. It ended with the quote "Now, kids, Now", reminiscent of the letters "NOW" that Huff spray painted during the massacre.
In July 2006, an investigative panel released its findings to the public. In attempting to explain Huff's motivations, the panel suggested that a Nirvana song called "I Want to Know Now", with a chorus refrain of "now, now, now, now" influenced Huff's spray painted message.
Legacy
The Capitol Hill massacre was the worst mass killing in Seattle since the 1983 Wah Mee massacre in which 13 died. While Seattle and the Pacific Northwest in the past half-century have had numerous serial killers—most notoriously Ted Bundy, "Green River Killer" Gary Ridgway, and Robert Lee Yates—mass murder is not as common, although the area has had several of them.
In the wake of the killings, the Seattle Times, invoking the drugs and alcohol the victims apparently enjoyed that night, immediately called for tighter regulation of the late-night activities of teenagers and young adults, and for the city's all-ages dance rules to be "thoroughly re-examined and re-tooled." These views were opposed by The Stranger, which published a response to the Times written by Josh Feit, the weekly's news editor, and its Editor-in-Chief Dan Savage:
Far from endangering kids, teen dances keep kids safe. If the young people hadn't been at a crowded public dance overseen by extensive security (19 guards were at CHAC on Saturday night) where no one got hurt, the kids would likely have been out at unchaperoned and completely unregulated house parties—not after the dance, but all night. And, without a fat calendar of all-ages events, that's where they would be every weekend. Because without organized all-ages dances and live-music events, house parties and parking lots are all kids have.
The views predominating among the city's politicians and other leaders turned out to be closer to those of The Stranger than the Times. As mayor Greg Nickels put it, "This is not about music, this is not about a party. This was about a guy who decided they were going to kill people and they had the firepower to do it." Several city council members spoke up against the "quick fix" mentality inherent in the Times editorial; council member Peter Steinbrueck added they were "really incredulous over young teenaged girls going out all night unsupervised and mixing with much older people," but didn't see that as an issue over the nature of the place where they had socialized. Sandra Williamson, mother of shooting victim Christopher "Deacon" Williamson, announced, "I'm going to do everything in my power to make sure that those raves continue… That is what I am going to do for Chris." The Seattle Post-Intelligencer added that "even… former City Attorney Mark Sidran", whom they described as "Seattle's best-known defender of underage dance restrictions," said that "Some tragedies defy any sort of rational response in terms of regulation because they're completely irrational events you can't really predict or prevent."
As it happens, the killings occurred only days before Mayor Nickels was to announce the city's support for the non-profit VERA project (which puts on all-ages shows) moving into a new location at Seattle Center, so that at the time of the killings all-ages events were more than routinely on the minds of city leaders, and in a more than typically positive light. Four years earlier, Seattle repealed a rather extreme and limiting Teen Dance Ordinance (TDO), replacing it with the much more flexible All-ages Dance Ordinance (AADO). In the course of the exchanges in the wake of the murders, musician and activist Ben Shroeter wrote that the AADO made possible legitimate, well-run dances, instead of the sometimes very drug-ridden underground events that had illegally occurred in the TDO era. "The dangerous 'underground' rave has virtually disappeared in the Seattle area," wrote Shroeter. "I'd rather have my daughter at CHAC or VERA Project than in the beckoning custody of unregulated and lecherous slimeballs."
In popular culture
The 2019 film Wallflower is loosely based around the incident.
See also
List of rampage killers in the United States
2012 Seattle cafe shooting spree
References
External links
Jeremy Martin memorial
Maureen O'Hagan and Christine Willmsen, House that once stood for fun now a darker blue, Seattle Times, April 10, 2006. A follow-up article three weeks afterwards about the people who lived in the house (five out of six survived).
Sara Jean Green, 911 calls from in house, outside reflected horror of killing spree, Seattle Times, March 31, 2006. Includes links to audio of the 911 calls.
James Alan Fox, Panel Report on the March 25, 2006 Capitol Hill Shooting. July 17, 2006.
2006 in Washington (state)
2006 mass shootings in the United States
Mass shootings in the United States
2006 murders in the United States
2006 in Seattle
Attacks in the United States in 2006
Crimes in Washington (state)
Deaths by firearm in Washington (state)
Massacres in 2006
Murder in Washington (state)
Murder–suicides in Washington (state)
March 2006 events in the United States
Mass shootings in Washington (state)
Incumbents
President: Dalia Grybauskaitė
Prime Minister: Algirdas Butkevičius (until 14 November) Saulius Skvernelis (from 14 November)
Seimas Speaker: Loreta Graužinienė (until 14 November) Viktoras Pranckietis (from 14 November)
Predicted and Scheduled Events
August
August 5–21 - 49 athletes from Lithuania will compete at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
2010s in Lithuania
Years of the 21st century in Lithuania
Lithuania
Lithuania
Gestational trophoblastic disease (GTD) is a term used for a group of pregnancy-related tumours. These tumours are rare, and they appear when cells in the womb start to proliferate uncontrollably. The cells that form gestational trophoblastic tumours are called trophoblasts and come from tissue that grows to form the placenta during pregnancy.
There are several different types of GTD. A hydatidiform mole also known as a molar pregnancy, is the most common and is usually benign. Sometimes it may develop into an invasive mole, or, more rarely into a choriocarcinoma. A choriocarcinoma is likely to spread quickly, but is very sensitive to chemotherapy, and has a very good prognosis. Trophoblasts are of particular interest to cell biologists because, like cancer, they can invade tissue (the uterus), but unlike cancer, they usually "know" when to stop.
GTD can simulate pregnancy, because the uterus may contain fetal tissue, albeit abnormal. This tissue may grow at the same rate as a normal pregnancy, and produces chorionic gonadotropin, a hormone which is measured to monitor fetal well-being.
While GTD overwhelmingly affects women of child-bearing age, it may rarely occur in mail carriersopausal women.
Types
GTD is the common name for five closely related tumours (one benign tumour, and four malignant tumours):
The benign tumour
Hydatidiform mole
Here, first a fertilised egg implants into the uterus, but some cells around the fetus (the chorionic villi) do not develop properly. The pregnancy is not viable, and the normal pregnancy process turns into a benign tumour. There are two subtypes of hydatidiform mole: complete hydatidiform mole, and partial hydatidiform mole.
The four malignant tumours
Invasive mole
Choriocarcinoma
Placental site trophoblastic tumour
Epithelioid trophoblastic tumour
All five closely related tumours develop in the placenta. All five tumours arise from trophoblast cells that form the outer layer of the blastocyst in the early development of the fetus. In a normal pregnancy, trophoblasts aid the implantation of the fertilised egg into the uterine wall. But in GTD, they develop into tumour cells.
Cause
Two main risk factors increase the likelihood for the development of GTD: 1) The woman being under 20 years of age, or over 35 years of age, and 2) previous GTD.
Although molar pregnancies affect women of all ages, women under 16 and over 45 years of age have an increased risk of developing a molar pregnancy. Being from Asia/of Asian ethnicity is an important risk factor.
Hydatidiform moles are abnormal conceptions with excessive placental development. Conception takes place, but placental tissue grows very fast, rather than supporting the growth of a fetus.
Complete hydatidiform moles have no fetal tissue and no maternal DNA, as a result of a maternal ovum with no functional DNA. Most commonly, a single spermatozoon duplicates and fertilises an empty ovum. Less commonly, two separate spermatozoa fertilise an empty ovum (dispermic fertilisation).
Partial hydatidiform moles have a fetus or fetal cells. They are triploid in origin, containing one set of maternal haploid genes and two sets of paternal haploid genes. They almost always occur following dispermic fertilisation of a normal ovum. Malignant forms of GTD are very rare. About 50% of malignant forms of GTD develop from a hydatidiform mole.
Diagnosis
Cases of GTD can be diagnosed through routine tests given during pregnancy, such as blood tests and ultrasound, or through tests done after miscarriage or abortion. Vaginal bleeding, enlarged uterus, pelvic pain or discomfort, and vomiting too much (hyperemesis) are the most common symptoms of GTD. But GTD also leads to elevated serum hCG (human chorionic gonadotropin hormone). Since pregnancy is by far the most common cause of elevated serum hCG, clinicians generally first suspect a pregnancy with a complication. However, in GTD, the beta subunit of hCG (beta hCG) is also always elevated. Therefore, if GTD is clinically suspected, serum beta hCG is also measured.
The initial clinical diagnosis of GTD should be confirmed histologically, which can be done after the evacuation of pregnancy (see Treatment below) in women with hydatidiform mole. However, malignant GTD is highly vascular. If malignant GTD is suspected clinically, biopsy is contraindicated, because biopsy may cause life-threatening haemorrhage.
Women with persistent abnormal vaginal bleeding after any pregnancy, and women developing acute respiratory or neurological symptoms after any pregnancy, should also undergo hCG testing, because these may be signs of a hitherto undiagnosed GTD.
There might be some signs and symptoms of hyperthyroidism as well as an increase in the levels of thyroid hormones in some patients. The proposed mechanism is attaching hCG to TSH receptors and acting like TSH weakly.
Differential diagnosis
These are not GTD, and they are not tumours
Exaggerated placental site
Placental site nodule
Both are composed of intermediate trophoblast, but their morphological features and clinical presentation can differ significantly.
Exaggerated placental site is a benign, non cancerous lesion with an increased number of implantation site intermediate trophoblastic cells that infiltrate the endometrium and the underlying myometrium. An exaggerated placental site may occur with normal pregnancy, or after an abortion. No specific treatment or follow up is necessary.
Placental site nodules are lesions of chorionic type intermediate trophoblast, usually small. 40 to 50% of placental site nodules are found in the cervix. They almost always are incidental findings after a surgical procedure. No specific treatment or follow up is necessary.
Treatment
Treatment is always necessary.
The treatment for hydatidiform mole consists of the evacuation of pregnancy. Evacuation will lead to the relief of symptoms, and also prevent later complications. Suction curettage is the preferred method of evacuation. Hysterectomy is an alternative if no further pregnancies are wished for by the female patient. Hydatidiform mole also has successfully been treated with systemic (intravenous) methotrexate.
The treatment for invasive mole or choriocarcinoma generally is the same. Both are usually treated with chemotherapy. Methotrexate and dactinomycin are among the chemotherapy drugs used in GTD. In women with low risk gestational trophoblastic neoplasia, a review has found that Actinomycin D is probably more effective as a treatment and more likely to achieve a cure in the first instance than methotrexate. Only a few women with GTD have poor prognosis metastatic gestational trophoblastic disease. Their treatment usually includes chemotherapy. Radiotherapy can also be given to places where the cancer has spread, e.g. the brain.
Women who undergo chemotherapy are advised not to conceive for one year after completion of treatment. These women also are likely to have an earlier menopause. It has been estimated by the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists that the age at menopause for women who receive single agent chemotherapy is advanced by one year, and by three years for women who receive multi agent chemotherapy.
Follow up
Follow up is necessary in all women with gestational trophoblastic disease, because of the possibility of persistent disease, or because of the risk of developing malignant uterine invasion or malignant metastatic disease even after treatment in some women with certain risk factors.
The use of a reliable contraception method is very important during the entire follow-up period, as patients are strongly advised against pregnancy at that time. If a reliable contraception method is not used during the follow-up, it could be initially unclear to clinicians as to whether a rising hCG level is caused by the patient becoming pregnant again, or by the continued presence of GTD.
In women who have a malignant form of GTD, hCG concentrations stay the same (plateau) or they rise. Persistent elevation of serum hCG levels after a non molar pregnancy (i.e., normal pregnancy [term pregnancy], or preterm pregnancy, or ectopic pregnancy [pregnancy taking place in the wrong place, usually in the fallopian tube], or abortion) always indicate persistent GTD (very frequently due to choriocarcinoma or placental site trophoblastic tumour), but this is not common, because treatment mostly is successful.
In rare cases, a previous GTD may be reactivated after a subsequent pregnancy, even after several years. Therefore, the hCG tests should be performed also after any subsequent pregnancy in all women who had had a previous GTD (6 and 10 weeks after the end of any subsequent pregnancy).
Prognosis
Women with a hydatidiform mole have an excellent prognosis. Women with a malignant form of GTD usually have a very good prognosis.
Choriocarcinoma, for example, is an uncommon, yet almost always curable cancer. Although choriocarcinoma is a highly malignant tumour and a life-threatening disease, it is very sensitive to chemotherapy. Virtually all women with non-metastatic disease are cured and retain their fertility; the prognosis is also very good for those with metastatic (spreading) cancer, in the early stages, but fertility may be lost. Hysterectomy (surgical removal of the uterus) can also be offered to patients > 40 years of age or those for whom sterilisation is not an obstacle. Only a few women with GTD have a poor prognosis, e.g. some forms of stage IV GTN. The FIGO staging system is used. The risk can be estimated by scoring systems such as the Modified WHO Prognostic Scoring System, wherein scores between 1 and 4 from various parameters are summed together:
In this scoring system, women with a score of 7 or greater are considered at high risk.
It is very important for malignant forms of GTD to be discovered in time. In Western countries, women with molar pregnancies are followed carefully; for instance, in the UK, all women who have had a molar pregnancy are registered at the National Trophoblastic Screening Centre. There are efforts in this direction in the developing countries too, and there have been improvements in these countries in the early detection of choriocarcinoma, thereby significantly reducing the mortality rate also in developing countries.
Becoming pregnant again
Most women with GTD can become pregnant again and can have children again. The risk of a further molar pregnancy is low. More than 98% of women who become pregnant following a molar pregnancy will not have a further hydatidiform mole or be at increased risk of complications.
In the past, it was seen as important not to get pregnant straight away after a GTD. Specialists recommended a waiting period of six months after the hCG levels become normal. Recently, this standpoint has been questioned. New medical data suggest that a significantly shorter waiting period after the hCG levels become normal is reasonable for approximately 97% of the patients with hydatidiform mole.
Risk of a repeat GTD
The risk of a repeat GTD is approximately 1 in 100, compared with approximately 1 in 1000 risk in the general population. Especially women whose hCG levels remain significantly elevated are at risk of developing a repeat GTD.
Persistent trophoblastic disease
The term «persistent trophoblastic disease» (PTD) is used when after treatment of a molar pregnancy, some molar tissue is left behind and again starts growing into a tumour. Although PTD can spread within the body like a malignant cancer, the overall cure rate is nearly 100%.
In the vast majority of patients, treatment of PTD consist of chemotherapy. Only about 10% of patients with PTD can be treated successfully with a second curettage.
GTD coexisting with a normal fetus, also called "twin pregnancy"
In some very rare cases, a GTD can coexist with a normal fetus. This is called a "twin pregnancy". These cases should be managed only by experienced clinics, after extensive consultation with the patient. Because successful term delivery might be possible, the pregnancy should be allowed to proceed if the mother wishes, following appropriate counselling. The probability of achieving a healthy baby is approximately 40%, but there is a risk of complications, e.g. pulmonary embolism and pre-eclampsia. Compared with women who simply had a GTD in the past, there is no increased risk of developing persistent GTD after such a twin pregnancy.
In few cases, a GTD had coexisted with a normal pregnancy, but this was discovered only incidentally after a normal birth.
Epidemiology
Overall, GTD is a rare disease. Nevertheless, the incidence of GTD varies greatly between different parts of the world. The reported incidence of hydatidiform mole ranges from 23 to 1299 cases per 100,000 pregnancies. The incidence of the malignant forms of GTD is much lower, only about 10% of the incidence of hydatidiform mole. The reported incidence of GTD from Europe and North America is significantly lower than the reported incidence of GTD from Asia and South America. One proposed reason for this great geographical variation is differences in healthy diet in the different parts of the world (e.g., carotene deficiency).
However, the incidence of rare diseases (such as GTD) is difficult to measure, because epidemiologic data on rare diseases is limited. Not all cases will be reported, and some cases will not be recognised. In addition, in GTD, this is especially difficult, because one would need to know all gestational events in the total population. Yet, it seems very likely that the estimated number of births that occur at home or outside of a hospital has been inflated in some reports.
Terminology
Gestational trophoblastic disease (GTD) may also be called gestational trophoblastic tumour (GTT). Hydatidiform mole (one type of GTD) may also be called molar pregnancy.
Persistent disease; persistent GTD: If there is any evidence of persistence of GTD, usually defined as persistent elevation of beta hCG (see «Diagnosis» below), the condition may also be referred to as gestational trophoblastic neoplasia (GTN).
See also
Trophoblastic neoplasms
References
External links
Germ cell neoplasia
Health issues in pregnancy
Rare diseases
Norwich Rowing Club is a rowing club on the River Yare based at Whitlingham Boathouses, Whitlingham Lane, Trowse, Norwich and is affiliated to British Rowing.
History
The club was founded in 1972.
The club has produced five British champion crews.
Honours
British champions
References
Sport in Norfolk
Norwich
Rowing clubs in England
Nanette Inventor (born 1954) is a comedian, actor, singer, composer and writer from the Philippines.
Early life
Agnes Inventor was born on 23 June 1954 in Manila, capital of the Philippines. They had two sisters and a brother. They studied at the University of the Philippines Diliman with the intention of joining the diplomatic service of the Philippines. Starting singing in church at the age of seven and trained in classical singing, they continued while at university. They went on the 1974 and 1978 tours of the University of the Philippines Concert Chorus (UPCC) to the US and Europe, together with other future stars, such as Chinggoy Alonso. In joining the chorus, they disobeyed their lawyer father, who warned them there was no money in singing.
Career
Initially a jingle singer and a backing vocalist for Celeste Legaspi, Basil Valdez, and Leah Navarro, among others, Inventor was discovered by a television producer who saw them performing in a musical and enjoyed their humour. The story goes that they were given a script and told that they would be performing live on television that week. They became famous playing a character called Doña Buding, a gauche, nouveau riche social climber, on the television show, The Penthouse Live!, premiering in the role on 14 November 1983. Not the original choice for the role, they got the job when the first choice was injured in a road accident and they were recommended by another actor, Tessie Tomas.
Although they continued singing, winning the grand prize at the 7th Metro Manila Popular Music Festival in 1984, and becoming the first Filipina to sing at Carnegie Hall in New York City, alongside the all-male APO Hiking Society, they became better known as a comedian. Doing stand-up shows they blended comedy with music, earning them the title "The Funny Lady of Songs". However, in 2012, they joined the UPCC on its golden anniversary tour of the US, and in June and July 2016 they joined it again for another tour in the US. Also in 2016, they sang with a Big band for the first time.
Inventor is a frequent performer of stand-up and music shows in the Philippines and the US, usually to Filipino audiences. They have appeared in many films and in television series.  They are also a university lecturer, teaching communication skills at the Philippine Christian University in Ermita, Manila since around 2000 and also teaching at the Wesleyan University Philippines.
TV Series
2021. Niña Niño
2015. Relationship
2015. On the Wings of Love
2014. My Destiny
2010. Panday Kids
2010. Ang Yaman ni Lola (Starring role)
2009. Flash Bomba
2008. Dyesebel
1991. Abangan Ang Susunod Na Kabanata
1982. The Penthouse Live! (Starring role)
Films
2021. General Admission
2017. Ang Larawan
2015. Buy Now, Die Later
2015. Miss Bulalacao
2008. Ikaw Pa Rin: Bongga Ka Boy
2007. One More Chance
1995. Run Barbi Run
1982. Batch '81
1980. Kakabakaba Ka Ba? (Does Your Heart Beat Faster?)
References
1954 births
Living people
Filipino film actores
20th-century Filipino women singers
Filipino women comedians
University of the Philippines Diliman alumni
Filipino television actores
Actors from Manila
Ruslan Yevgenyevich Gordiyenko (; born 17 February 1995) is a Russian football player.
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok on 29 March 2015 in a game against FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1995 births
People from Pogranichny District
Living people
Russian people of Ukrainian descent
Russian footballers
Association football forwards
FC Luch Vladivostok players
FC Irtysh Omsk players
FC Sokol Saratov players
Sportspeople from Primorsky Krai
Glyphipterix meteora is a species of sedge moth in the genus Glyphipterix. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1880. It is found in eastern Australia, including Queensland and Tasmania.
References
Moths described in 1880
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Australia
Qutuqa Beki (; ) — was a 13th century chief of the Oirats who played major role on formation of Mongol Empire.
Biography
The first mentions of Qutuqa Beki in The Secret History of the Mongols date back to 1201, when a number of rulers of the Mongol tribes, including the Oirats, swore allegiance to Jamukha and chose them as a gurkhan, pledging to fight against Genghis Khan. According to a story, they along with the Naiman king Buyruq Khan, used a jada or "thunder stone" to unleash a powerful storm on Genghis' army. But the magical ploy backfired when an unexpected wind blew the storm back at Qutuqa. Buyruq, troubled by this storm, left the alliance and retreated to the south side of the Altai Mountains. Subsequently, Genghis Khan defeated Jamukha and the Naimans, but the Oirats had not yet been conquered by the time the Mongol Empire was formed in 1206. Nevertheless, when in 1207 Genghis Khan gave their eldest son Jochi the order to conquer the "forest peoples", Qutuqa was one of the first to obey, arriving with 10,000 Oirat soldiers. They then proceeded to the khan's court and submitted personally, having received such a powerful ally, Genghis married two women from their family to Qutuqa's children, thus starting one of the most fruitful alliances in Mongol history. They led an attack on Botokhoi Targun, chieftess of Khori-Tumed but was captured. Later they were given Botokhui as their concubine after Genghis Khan led an attack on them personally and subdued.
Family
They had at least 3 children, all married into ruling Borjigin clan, however sources differ on which son married whom:
Toralchi Güregen — according to The Secret History of the Mongols was married Holuikhan (daughter of Jochi), but according to The Compendium of Chronicles they were given hand of Checheyigen (daughter of Genghis)
Buqa Temür — commander of a tümen in Ilkhanate
Chupan — married to Nomoghan, daughter of Ariq Böke and Qutuqta Khatun
Jagir (or Chakar) — married to Manggugan Khatun, daughter of Hulagu
Taraghai Güregen — married to Manggugan Khatun, daughter of Hulagu in levirate, then Ara Qutlugh, daughter of Möngke Temür
Tolun Khatun — married to Jumghur before 1270s, then Tekshin (until 12 September 1271), both sons of Hulagu
Börtö'a — married to Princess Yixiji (), daughter of Genghis Khan
Uluq
Rachin
Bars Buqa — married to El-Temür, daughter of Tolui and Linqgun Khatun (daughter of Kuchlug)
Shirab and Beglamish
Toq-Temür (unknown father) — married Emegen, daughter of Malik Temür, son of Ariq Böke
Emegen Khatun — married to Malik Temür, son of Ariq Böke
Elchikmish Khatun — married to Ariq Böke, then their son Nairaqu Buqa
Ashiqtai (with Nairaqu)
Orghana Khatun — married to Chagatai
Güyük Khatun — married Hulagu
Öljei Khatun — married Hulagu, then Abaqa
Küchü Khatun — married Toqoqan
Mengu-Timur
Tode Mongke
Inalchi — according to The Secret History of the Mongols was married Checheyigen (daughter of Genghis), but according to The Compendium of Chronicles they were given hand of Holuikhan (daughter of Jochi)
Buduz
Negütai
Aqu Temür
Oghul Tutmish — initially planned to marry Tolui, but after their death was married to Möngke
Shirin
Bichige
References
13th-century Mongolian people
13th-century Mongol rulers
Oirats
Srikanth Deva is an Indian music director of Tamil films. They made their debut as music director in the Tamil movie Doubles in 2000.  They are the son of composer Deva, nephew of the famous music director duo Sabesh–Murali and the cousin of actor Jai.
Personal life
Srikanth married Febi Mani on 21 February 2005 at Chennai. Their first daughter Varanya, was born in 2007.
Discography
Released projects
Upcoming projects
Singer
"Aasaiyilla" (Kathavarayan)
"Azhagazhaghai" (Madhikettan Saalai)
"Coimbatore Coimbatore" (Githan)
"Kadhal Kirukka" (Kadhal Kirukkan)
"Kaalaiyum Neeye", "Nyokka Makka" (Madurai Veeran)
"Love in minor" (Nepali)
"Machaan" (Machaan)
"Mayile Mayile" (Aalwar)
"Miya Miya" (Aai)
"Naan Tholaithuvitten" (Ivanum Panakkaran)
"Pachaikili", "Pottuthakku" (Kuthu)
"Sudamani" (Ragalaipuram)
"Topclass" (Puli Vesham)
Filmography
References
https://www.imdb.com/name/nm1921858
Tamil film score composers
Living people
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards winners
Tamil playback singers
1980 births
is a former JR West Kabe Line station located in Tsutsuga, Yamagata District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan. It closed on December 1, 2003, when operation of the line was discontinued/suspended between Kabe Station and Sandankyō Station.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kabe Line
Adjacent stations
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Kabe Line suspended stations
Railway stations closed in 2003
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1969
Robinson Lifestyle (previously Robinson Lifestyle Center) is a chain of shopping malls operated by Robinson Co., Ltd. as part of its Robinson Department Store brand under Central Group. The first branch opened in Trang, Thailand on 11 November 2010. The Lifestyle brand concept is for medium-sized malls, with the aim of penetrating secondary provinces where big shopping malls are not present. A typical sized mall will have a retail space of around 30,000 square meters, with 20,000 net leasable area. Its twenty-third branch was opened in 2019.
See also
List of shopping malls in Thailand
References
External links
Robinson official site
Shopping malls in Thailand
2010 establishments in Thailand
The Urdd National Eisteddfod ( or Eisteddfod Genedlaethol yr Urdd) is an annual Welsh-language youth festival of literature, music and performing arts organised by Urdd Gobaith Cymru. Arguably Europe's largest youth festival, it is usually held during the last week of May, coinciding with schools' half term holiday. Locations alternate between north and south Wales. The Eisteddfod consists of competitive singing, recitation, art, composition, dance and instrumental events for contestants aged between 7 and 24 years. Regional qualifying heats are held in advance around Wales.
Eisteddfod yr Urdd's original motto's is 'Er Mwyn Cymru' (For Wales' Sake).
History
The first Urdd National Eisteddfod was held in 1929 at Corwen. Originally held over two days, the festival has grown in recent times into a week-long celebration of competition and socialising. The initial festivals, which focused more on the celebration of young people enjoying the Welsh language, saw a few thousand visitors, but in 1935 the Eisteddfod at Carmarthen was heavily reported by the press resulting in 12,000 people attending and increasing the visibility of the event.
The Urdd Eisteddfod has become an annual tradition since its inauguration, but has not been staged on three occasions: during the Second World War, as a result of the foot-and-mouth crisis in 2001 and due to the Coronavirus pandemic in 2020. The 1940 Eisteddfod, held in Rhyl, still went ahead, but coming in the same week as the Dunkirk evacuation, it was a reduced festival, covering all the events in a single day. The Eisteddfod returned after the cessation of hostilities by returning to its roots at Corwen in 1946. In 2001, Gŵyl yr Urdd replaced the Eisteddfod with competitions and performances taking place at two venues (one in North Wales, one in the South) to minimise travel during the foot-and-mouth crisis and a virtual edition was staged during the Coronavirus pandemic of 2020 with all contributions submitted via video and judging conducted on live video calls.
During the 1950s the Eisteddfod began evolving away from the celebration and marching aspect towards more competitive events, mirroring the National Eisteddfod. An art exhibition was introduced in 1955 and a classical concert was included in 1958.
One of the more notable events to occur at the Urdd Eisteddfod took place in 1969 at the Aberystwyth event. Prince Charles was invited to attend and they were given a public platform to speak to the crowd. This was the year of their investiture as the Prince of Wales, a role that divided many Welsh people, and around a hundred people stood up and left as the Prince arrived on the stage. The fallout afterwards was also heated, with an editorial in the Welsh-language paper Y Cymro angering the then director of the Urdd.
Y Maes
See also Maes (eisteddfod)
The Eisteddfod is usually held in a large open field (maes). Accompanying peripheral attractions are designed to help fund the festival and include exhibition stalls, displays and sporting activities. Local and national corporations, retailers and other institutions are invited to participate, notably the Welsh universities.
Competitions
According to the Urdd's own reporting, they estimate that roughly 40,000 children and young adults apply through regional rounds for places in the Eisteddfod competitions. Of these roughly 15,000 qualify through to take part at the National event. Preliminary rounds for the performing arts are then conducted on the day to establish a final three competitors who perform in front of the pavilion audience. A single judge then ranks the final three competitors to give the winning order.
In its earlier competitive years, children competed as part of their county, and a large scoreboard would tally the points to find an overall winner. Today the competitors compete for themselves, though their school or college plays a large part. The younger children will compete under their school's name and normally wear their school uniform while performing.
Competitors for the Urdd National Esiteddfod can be split into two main groups. The performing arts; which take place in the Pavilion, and the plastic and compositional arts which are judged prior to the Eisteddfod but are revealed as part of the festival.
Pavilion competitions
The performing arts which are traditionally performed in the pavilion include:
Cân Actol – A long narrative piece sung and acted in Welsh by a group of 30.
Cerdd Dant – A choir of up to 12 voices sings in Welsh, accompanied by a harp, in a formulaic sequence of alternating melodies.
Recitation – A group of up to 12 people recites a Welsh poem.
Boys' Choir
Girls' Choir
dawnsio stryd street dancing
solo recitation
solo strings
solo singing
s.a.t.b. choir
solo woodwind
solo brass
folk dancing
solo piano
Other awards
The plastic arts, compositional and literature awards are announced on the pavilion stage at various points throughout the festival. Many of the categories are competed in age ranges; though there are several Medal awards and scholarships which are normally entered by older children and young adults.
Drawing and plastic arts
Ceramics and pottery
2D Creative
3d Creative
Print
Computer graphics
Photography
Design
Puppetry
Textiles
Drawing monochrome/colour
Individual awards
Composer Medal
Art Medal
Art Scholarship
Venues chosen for the event
Source:
References
Eisteddfod
Cultural organisations based in Wales
Music festivals in Wales
Welsh-language music
Clubs and societies in Wales
Youth organisations based in the United Kingdom
Annual events in Wales
Celtic music festivals
Annadha Shilpangal is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. K. Ramu and produced by P. S. Veerappa. The film stars Prasad, Sankaradi, Sreelatha Namboothiri and T. R. Omana in the lead roles. The film had musical score by R. K. Shekhar.
Cast
Prasad
M. L. Saraswathi
Sankaradi
Sreelatha Namboothiri
T. R. Omana
Bahadoor
Usharani
Prem Nawas
Paul Vengola
William Thomas
Kalmanam Murali
Sudheer
Jayshree T. in item number
Soundtrack
The music was composed by R. K. Shekhar and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi.
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Luigi Lamberti (22 October 1769 – after 1812) was an Italian composer of operas and other pieces. They were born in Savona and, like Francesco Gnecco, they studied with Mariani, the maestro di capella of the Savona cathedral. Once their master died, they succeeded in the position. However, they were said to be of a restless spirit and abandoned the position. Moving to Paris in 1806, they published a number of compositions dedicated to princess Pauline Bonaparte. In Italy, they composed the operas Orfeo (1796), L' Amante Schernito, and I Due Fratelli Originali. They were prolific. They also composed various masses; vespers and hymns including two Tantum ergo and a Miserere; motets; concertos for three, four and five strings; and symphonies, among them are two titled Pubblio Claudio and The Death of Louis XVI. While they lived in Paris in 1812, it is not known what became of them afterward.
Sources
1769 births
19th-century deaths
People from Savona
Italian classical composers
Italian male classical composers
Italian opera composers
Male opera composers
19th-century classical composers
19th-century Italian composers
19th-century Italian male musicians
Fu Tianlin (born 1946) is a Chinese poet. They were born in the Chinese province of Sichuan, where they still reside. In 1961, after graduating, they worked at an orchard in the countryside, while also working on their poems. In all they wrote ten poems and prose collections.
References
Further reading
1946 births
Living people
Chinese women poets
People's Republic of China poets
Poets from Sichuan
20th-century Chinese women writers
20th-century Chinese poets
21st-century Chinese women writers
21st-century Chinese poets
The 1994 Hammersmith and Fulham Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Hammersmith and Fulham London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party regained overall control of the council, which it had lost during the previous council term.
Background
The Labour Party had won overall control of the council at the previous election in 1990, with 28 out of the 50 seats. However, by the time of the 1994 election, the defection of two Labour councillors from the party (while remaining councillors) and the resignation of three other Labour councillors from their seats (which remained vacant on the eve of polling day) meant that by the end of the previous council's term, Labour held just 23 of the 47 occupied seats, with the Conservatives on 22 and 2 independents; the council was therefore under no overall control.
Election result
The Labour Party won 33 seats - a gain of five seats from the 1990 result, and restored their control of the council.
The Conservative Party won 15 seats - a loss of 7 seats from their previous result.
The Liberal Democrats won a single seat in the Eel Brook wards on election night with Alexandra Sugden - the other seat going to Labour's Bill Dann by a single vote over Simon Thompson for the Lib Dems. But a subsequent case in the High Court concerning the validity of an individual ballot resulted in Mr Thompson gaining a vote and becoming tied with Mr Dann for the second seat. The drawing of lots was required to separate the tied candidates, in which Simon Thompson was the lucky winner. This meant the Lib Dems gained two seats from the previous election.
Ward results
Addison
Avonmore
Broadway
Brook Green
Colehill
College Park and Old Oak
Coningham
Crabtree
Eel Brook
Gibbs Green
Grove
Margravine
Normand
Palace
Ravenscourt
Sands End
Sherbrooke
Starch Green
Sulivan
Town
Walham
White City and Shepherds Bush
Wormholt
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
20th century in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
The Ivorian records in swimming are the fastest ever performances of swimmers from the Ivory Coast, which are recognised and ratified by the Federation Ivoirienne de Natation et de Sauvetage.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.
Long Course (50 m)
Men
Women
Short Course (25 m)
Men
Women
References
Ivory Coast
Records
Swimming
Swimming
Cameraria bethunella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Ontario and Quebec in Canada, and Illinois, Kentucky, Connecticut, Maine, New York and Texas in the United States.
The wingspan is 6.5-7.5 mm.
The larvae feed on Castanea dentata and Quercus species, including Quercus ilicifolia, Quercus imbricaria, Quercus macrocarpa, Quercus obtusiloba, Quercus rubra, Quercus tinctoria and Quercus velutina. They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of an irregular yellowish blotch mine on the upperside of the leaf. Pupation takes place in a flat, oval, silken cocoon.
References
Cameraria (moth)
Lepidoptera of the United States
Lepidoptera of Canada
Moths of North America
Taxa named by Vactor Tousey Chambers
Leaf miners
Moths described in 1871
Mayavi is a 1965 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by G. K. Ramu and produced by P. Subramaniam. The film stars Prem Nazir, Madhu, Sheela, K. V. Shanthi, Rajalakshmi and Adoor Bhasi. The film had musical score by M. S. Baburaj.
Cast
Prem Nazir as Raghu
Madhu as Madhu
Sheela as Vasanthy
K. V. Shanthi as Jayanthi/Maalini
Rajalakshmi
Adoor Bhasi as Bhasi
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Prathapan
Aranmula Ponnamma as Raghu's mother
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair as Krishna Menon
S. P. Pillai as Kaimani
Paravoor Bharathan as Police officer
Sreekantan Nair
Anandavally
Kundara Bhasi
Muttathara Soman
Soman
Vaikom Mani
M.R Bharathan
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Baburaj and the lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran and .
References
External links
1965 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Corrhenes glauerti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by McKeown in 1942. It is known from Australia.
References
Corrhenes
Beetles described in 1942
George Frost (1720–1796) was an American seaman, jurist, and statesman from Durham, New Hampshire. They were a delegate for New Hampshire in the Continental Congress from 1777 to 1779.
George was born in New Castle, New Hampshire, on April 26, 1720. Their father, John Frost, who had been a British naval officer, died when they were twelve. They moved to Kittery, Maine, and was cared for by their uncle, William Pepperrell. As a young man they went to sea in one of their uncle's ships. They were at sea over twenty years, many of them as captain of a merchant vessel.
They returned to New Castle about 1760, still following a mercantile career. After marrying in Durham, they finally settled there in 1769. Frost was made a justice of the Strafford County, New Hampshire, court of common pleas in 1773, and would remain in that post until 1791.
In 1777, New Hampshire sent Frost as a delegate to the Continental Congress, where they served until 1779. On their return they were named to the state's Governor's Council in 1781. The Council at the time functioned as the upper house of the state legislature, and they served there until 1784.
George Frost died on June 21, 1796, at home in Durham.  They are buried in Pine Hill Cemetery.
External links
Frost's biography on U.S. Congress website
1720 births
1796 deaths
Continental Congressmen from New Hampshire
18th-century American politicians
People from New Castle, New Hampshire
The 2002 WUSA Founders Cup, also known as Founders Cup II, was the second championship match in Women's United Soccer Association history, played between the Carolina Courage and the Washington Freedom to decide the champion of the league's inaugural season. The game was played at Herndon Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia on August 24, 2002. The Carolina Courage defeated the Freedom 3–2.
Pre-match
Ticket prices for the final started at $15 and were also available at $30 and $45, with a discount for group purchases. The game was broadcast live to a national audience of over 90 million households via PAX TV in the United States and several other countries.
Match
References
2002 Women's United Soccer Association season
Richard Nickl (born 13 June 1980) is an Austrian mathematician and Professor of Mathematical Statistics at the University of Cambridge.
They grew up in Vienna, attended secondary school at the Theresianum there (graduating in 1998 with distinction) and obtained their academic degrees from the University of Vienna, including a PhD in 2005. They have made contributions to various areas of mathematical statistics; including non-parametric and high-dimensional statistics, empirical process theory, and Bayesian inference for statistical inverse problems and partial differential equations. Jointly with Evarist Giné, they are the author of the book `Mathematical foundations of infinite-dimensional statistical models', published with Cambridge University Press, which won the 2017 PROSE Award for best monograph in the mathematics category. They were an invited speaker at the 2022 International Congress of Mathematicians (ICM) and at the 8th European Congress of Mathematics (ECM); , has been awarded the 2017 Ethel Newbold Prize of the Bernoulli Society and in 2015 was a recipient of a Consolidator Grant Award by the European Research Council.
Selected publication
Evarist Giné & Richard Nickl, Mathematical foundations of infinite-dimensional statistical models, Cambridge University Press (2016)
References
Austrian mathematicians
1980 births
Living people
Cambridge mathematicians
Fellows of Queens' College, Cambridge
University of Vienna alumni
Leadgate railway station served the village of Leadgate, County Durham, England, from 1896 to 1964 on the Stanhope and Tyne Railway.
History
The station opened on 17 August 1896 by the North Eastern Railway. The signal box was at the east of the southbound platform. This controlled access to the goods yard, which had three sidings: two of which ran behind the northbound platform and the other ran up to the northbound platform. There were more sidings to the south which served Iveston Colliery and Crookhall Iron Foundry. Like the other stations on the line, the bus service introduced in the 1920s drastically decreased the passenger numbers at the station. It closed to passengers on 23 May 1955 and to goods traffic on 10 August 1964. The site is now occupied by St Ives Gardens.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in County Durham
Former North Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations opened in 1896
Railway stations closed in 1955
1896 establishments in England
1964 disestablishments in England
Era High School or Era School is a public high school located in unincorporated Era, Texas (USA). It is part of the Era Independent School District located in southwest Cooke County and classified as a 2A school by the UIL. In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics
The Era Hornets compete in the following sports:
Baseball
Basketball
Cross Country
Football
Golf
Softball
Tennis
Track and Field
State Titles
Boys Track
1914(B)
2016(2A)
References
External links
Era ISD
High schools in Cooke County, Texas
Public high schools in Texas
Public middle schools in Texas
Public elementary schools in Texas
Sir Eruera Tihema Te Aika Tirikatene (5 January 1895 – 11 January 1967) was a New Zealand Māori politician of the Ngāi Tahu tribe. Known in early life as Edward James Te Aika Tregerthen, they were the first Ratana Member of Parliament and was elected in a by-election for Southern Maori in June 1932 after the death of Tuiti Makitanara.
They remained the MP until their death in 1967, when their daughter Whetu Tirikatene-Sullivan succeeded to the seat, also in a by-election.
Early life
After education at St Stephen's Anglican Church, Tirikatene worked on farms before enlisting in 1914 for the First World War. They served three years with the New Zealand Māori (Pioneer) Battalion, reaching the rank of sergeant and commended for carrying a wounded soldier while under fire.
In 1919, they were married to Ruti Matekino Solomon and the couple went on to have twelve children. In the same year, they settled on a small farm near Kaiapoi, where they also set up a dairy farm, a saw mill, a fishing fleet and a ferry service. During the Second World War in 1944 their second son, Sergeant Pilot John Aperehama, aged 21, was killed in an aircraft accident in Auckland.
By 1921 they visited Ratana pā, and T. W. Ratana, the spiritual leader or Te Mangai of Ratana predicted an important role for him. Te Mangai persuaded them to stay, and with their practical skills, served the movement by taking charge of harvesting of the Ratana lands.
Election to Parliament
As the Ratana movement developed into a political movement, Eruera Tirikatene became a leader in the internal political council and stood for parliament in the 1928 and 1931 elections, being defeated narrowly in both. In 1928 they and most of their extended family spent the election at Ratana Pa helping with the wheat harvest. At the time there were few provisions for absentee voting, and unable to even vote for himself, Tirikatene lost the election by one vote.
In June 1932, the sitting MP for Southern Maori, Tuiti Makitanara died suddenly and Eruera won the by-election to become the first Ratana MP. Tirikatene contained to represent their electorate until their death in January 1967. Their initial majorities were small, only 43 in 1935.
Member of Parliament
From their maiden speech, Tirikatene made recognition of the Treaty of Waitangi one of their major aims, presenting a petition with over 30,000 signatures. The petition from the Ratana morehu was held over for thirteen years before being virtually ignored, but Tirikatane continued to raise the Treaty issue in debates.
During the depression of that time, Māori were expected to subsist from their land, and were not given equal access to unemployment payments and relief work. Proving entitlement to the old age pension was also more difficult for Māori, as Māori did not have to register births until 1919. Tirikatene spoke out against this discrimination in social welfare which caused poverty to Māori and the removal of this inequality by the Labour Government strengthened the Labour and Ratana bond.
Following the Ratana-Labour alliance, Tirikatene became the First President of the Labour Party Māori Advisory Council, a committee to set Māori policy for the party. During the Second World War, Tirikatene set up and led the Māori War Effort Organisation. The experience of Māori running their own affairs led them to introduce the Māori Social and Economic Advancement Act of 1945, but it did not give the independence for iwi they had hoped for.
Between 1946 and 1949, Tirikatene was involved in land claim settlements for Waikato—Maniapoto and Taranaki. They persuaded the Ngāi Tahu to accept the Ngaitahu Claim Settlement Act of 1944 and became president of the Ngaitahu Trust Board.
After a period in opposition, they were appointed Minister of Forests, and Minister in charge of Printing and Stationery. Tirikatene was expecting Māori Affairs, which was taken by Prime Minister Walter Nash. The two often clashed, with Tirikatene wanting greater autonomy for Māori. One achievement of this period was the official recognition of Waitangi Day through the Waitangi Day Act 1960, commemorating the signing of Te Tiriti o Waitangi.
Tirikatene continued committee work while in opposition after 1960, and remained an MP until their death. They were succeeded in the seat by their daughter, Whetu Tirikatene-Sullivan.
Recognition
In 1935, Tirikatene was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal. In 1953, they were awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal. They were appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George in the 1960 Queen's Birthday Honours. Within the Ratana movement, they were known as Te Omeka.
References
New Zealand Labour Party MPs
Ngāi Tahu people
Rātana MPs
New Zealand Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
1895 births
1967 deaths
New Zealand Rātanas
New Zealand MPs for Māori electorates
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1928 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1931 New Zealand general election
New Zealand politicians awarded knighthoods
Kattuvithachavan is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed and produced by Rev Suvi. The film stars Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, Prema, Shobha and J. C. George. The film had musical score by Peter and Reuben.
Cast
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Prema
Shobha
J. C. George
Baby Padma
Bahadoor
Girish Kumar
Junior Balayya
K. P. Ummer
Madhavan Kutty
Muthu
Radhamani
Rani Chandra
Sujatha
Vijayanirmala
Soundtrack
The music was composed by Peter and Reuben and the lyrics were written by Poovachal Khader.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Liberty Lobby was a far-right think tank and lobby group founded in 1958 by Willis Carto. Carto was known for their promotion of antisemitic conspiracy theories, white nationalism, and Holocaust denial.
The organization produced a daily five-minute radio show called This is Liberty Lobby, which was broadcast on the Mutual Broadcasting System and other radio stations. At the conclusion of each show, listeners were invited to get a copy of its "America First" pamphlet.
History
Liberty Lobby described itself as "a pressure group for patriotism; the only lobby in Washington, D.C., registered with Congress which is wholly dedicated to the advancement of government policies based on our Constitution and conservative principles." According to Chip Berlet, Liberty Lobby presented itself as "a patriotic populist organization seeking to restore constitutional safeguards and national sovereignty" and said that it "consistently [denied] that it [was] the least bit antisemitic, much less neofascist or quasinazi".
Carto's Noontide Press republished Francis Parker Yockey's Imperium: The Philosophy of History and Politics, and also published a number of other books and pamphlets promoting a racialist and white supremacist world view, and Liberty Lobby in turn sold and promoted these books.
While Liberty Lobby was intended to occupy a niche as a conservative anti-Communist group, Carto was meanwhile forming other organizations which would take a much more explicit neo-Nazi orientation. Among these was the National Youth Alliance in 1968, that in early 1970s became the National Alliance. Eventually Carto lost control of this organization, which fell into the hands of William Luther Pierce. Carto founded the Institute for Historical Review by 1978, a group known for publishing Holocaust denial books and articles. As with the National Youth Alliance and Noontide Press, the Institute for Historical Review fell out of Carto's hands in a hostile internal struggle. Liberty Lobby, however, remained under the control of Carto until it was disbanded in 2001.
During the 1970s, as the anti-Communism of the 1950s and 1960s fell out of favor, Carto redefined the public image of Liberty Lobby, and began to describe it as a politically populist organization, rather than conservative or right-wing. Liberty Lobby also tried to create connections to the American political left by redistributing a report critical of President Jimmy Carter authored by frequent third-party presidential candidate Lyndon LaRouche and their NCLC.
Liberty Lobby was infiltrated by journalist Robert Eringer, who wrote about the organization in Mother Jones in 1981. The organization campaigned against the ratification of the Genocide Convention.
The Spotlight
In 1975, Liberty Lobby began publishing a weekly newspaper called The Spotlight, which ran news and opinion articles with a very populist and anti-establishment slant on a variety of subjects, but gave little indication of being extreme-right or neo-Nazi. However, critics charged The Spotlight was intended as a subtle recruiting tool for the extreme right, using populist-sounding articles to attract people from all points on the political spectrum including liberals, moderates, and conservatives, and special-interest articles to attract people interested in such subjects as alternative medicine. Critics also charged the newspaper with subtly incorporating antisemitic and white racialist undertones in its articles, and with carrying advertisements in the classified section for openly neo-Nazi groups and books. The Washington Post described The Spotlight as "a newspaper containing orthodox conservative political articles interspersed with anti-Zionist tracts and classified advertisements..."
The Spotlight's circulation peaked around 200,000 in the early 1980s, and although it experienced a steady drop after that, it continued to be published until the Liberty Lobby's demise in 2001.
Liberty Lobby founded The Barnes Review in 1994.
Demise
In 2001, Liberty Lobby and Carto lost a civil lawsuit brought by a rival far-right group which had earlier gained control of the Institute for Historical Review, and the ensuing judgment for damages bankrupted the organization. Carto and others who had been involved in publishing The Spotlight have since started a new newspaper, the American Free Press, which is very similar in overall tone to The Spotlight. , the political organization called Liberty Lobby remains defunct.
Views
Antisemitism
Liberty Lobby described itself as a conservative political organization.
Evidence for the antisemitic stance of Liberty Lobby began to mount when numerous letters by Carto excoriating the Jews (and blaming them for world miseries) began to surface, which included statements such as "How could the West [have] been so blind. It was the Jews and their lies that blinded the West as to what Germany was doing. Hitler's defeat was the defeat of Europe and America." Carto's letters eventually became the subject of a federal civil lawsuit. There were several other defamation lawsuits arising from publications that described Liberty Lobby as anti-semitic or racist, but it appears that Liberty Lobby never won any of these cases.
Other evidence of the group's antisemitic views includes the charge that the group's file cabinets contained extensive pro-Nazi and Ku Klux Klan literature. In 1969, True magazine ran a story by Joe Trento, titled "How Nazi Nut Power Has Invaded Capitol Hill".
Repatriation of blacks back to Africa
Beginning in October 1966 two American journalists, Drew Pearson and Jack Anderson, published a series of stories in their widely-syndicated "Washington Merry-Go-Round" column which recounted the findings of a former employee, Jeremy Horne. Horne said they had discovered a box of correspondence between Carto and numerous government officials establishing the Joint Council of Repatriation (JCR), a forerunner organization to the Liberty Lobby. The JCR stated that their fundamental purpose was to "repatriate" blacks "back to Africa". Ex-Mississippi Supreme Court Justice Thomas Pickens Brady and various members of the White Citizens' Councils who had worked to establish the JCR contributed to the founding of Liberty Lobby. Other correspondence referred to U.S. Congressional support for the emerging Liberty Lobby, such as from South Carolina Senator Strom Thurmond (Dixiecrat presidential candidate in 1948) and California U.S. Representative James B. Utt.
Pearson reported that Utt, as well as Congressman John M. Ashbrook, Ellis Yarnal Berry, W. Pat Jennings and William Jennings Bryan Dorn, received "Statesman of the Republic" award from Liberty Lobby for their "right-wing activities".
The Liberty Lobby sued for libel based on the stories in a case decided in 1986 by the U.S. Supreme Court, Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc. The case was the most quoted Supreme Court precedent in 1997 because it established the guidelines for issuing summary judgment to end frivolous lawsuits.
See also
Curtis B. Dall (a former Chairman of Liberty Lobby)
Far right
Racism
Right-wing populism
References
Further reading
Frank P. Mintz, The Liberty Lobby and the American Right: Race, Conspiracy, and Culture. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1985.
External links
"Why Did the Spotlight and Liberty Lobby Attack Real Anti-Communists?" by Larry McDonald, from the Congressional Record
Advocacy groups in the United States
American conspiracy theorists
Anti-communist organizations in the United States
1958 establishments in the United States
Organizations disestablished in 2001
White supremacist groups in the United States
Siphonolaimidae is a family of nematodes belonging to the order Monhysterida.
Genera:
Astomonema Ott, Rieger, Rieger & Enderes, 1982
Cyartonema
Parastomonema Kito, 1989
Paraterschellingia
Siphonolaimus de Man, 1893
Solenolaimus Cobb, 1893
Southernia
References
Nematodes
Natalia Kot-Wala (born 29 June 1938) is a Polish former artistic gymnast.  They are the 1956 Olympic bronze medalist with the Polish team, 1959 European all-around and vault champion, as well as 2-time European bronze medalist. They also competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Career
They were a 3-time Polish all-around champion from 1959, 1961 and 1962. Throughout their career, they won 15 national titles
Kot competed at the 1956 Summer Olympic Games in Melbourne. They won a bronze medal in the team portable apparatus event, tying with the USSR team. Polish women also finished fourth in the all-around team competition, behind USSR, Hungary and Romania respectively. Individually, they finished 9th in the all-around with their country's second highest score. They also finished 7th on vault, tying with teammate and the 1950 World all-around champion Helena Rakoczy, 8th on the uneven bars, 13th on the balance beam and 14th on the floor exercise.
Two years later, they represented Poland at the 1958 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships in Moscow, where they finished 8th in the team all-around competition. They did not make any individual finals.
In 1959, they won the all-around title at the European Championships in Kraków. They also won a gold medal on vault and bronze on the balance beam and finished 6th on the floor exercise.  They are the only Polish gymnast ever to win the European all-around gold.
They competed at the 1960 Summer Olympic Games in Rome, where they did not manage to win any medals. They finished 12th in the individual all-around, as well as 13th on vault, 9th on the uneven bars, 21st on the balance beam and 12th on the floor exercise. Polish team finished 5th behind USSR, Czechoslovakia, Romania and Japan.
One year later, they competed at the 1961 European Championships in Leipzig, where they won a bronze medal on vault.
In 1962, they competed at the World Championships in Prague, where they finished 7th with the Polish team.
Personal life
They were born on June 29, 1938 in Bytków, Poland.
 They are married to Polish ski jumper Piotr Wala, who competed at the 1964 Winter Olympic Games. They have a son. After retiring from gymnastics and finishing university, they worked in a primary school and became a gymnastics coach in Bielsko-Biała. They and their husband currently live in Bystra Śląska.
References
https://olimpijski.pl/olimpijczycy/kot-wala-natalia/
1938 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Silesian Voivodeship
Polish female artistic gymnasts
Gymnasts at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Olympic gymnasts of Poland
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Olympic bronze medalists for Poland
Medalists at the 1956 Summer Olympics
People from Siemianowice Śląskie
European champions in gymnastics
Argus or Argos Panoptes (, All-seeing Argos) is a many-eyed giant in Greek mythology.
Mythology
Argus Panoptes (), guardian of the heifer-nymph Io and son of Arestor and probably Mycene (in other version son of Gaia), was a primordial giant whose epithet Panoptes, "all-seeing", led to theirs being described with multiple, often one hundred, eyes. The epithet Panoptes was applied to the god of the Sun, Helios, and was taken up as an epithet by Zeus, Zeus Panoptes. "In a way," Walter Burkert observes, "the power and order of Argos the city are embodied in Argos the neatherd, lord of the herd and lord of the land, whose name itself is the name of the land."The epithet Panoptes, reflecting their mythic role, set by Hera as a very effective watchman of Io, was described in a fragment of a lost poem Aigimios, attributed to Hesiod:
In the 5th century and later, Argus' wakeful alertness was explained for an increasingly literal culture as theirs having so many eyes that only a few of the eyes would sleep at a time: there were always eyes still awake. In the 2nd century AD Pausanias noted at Argos, in the temple of Zeus Larissaios, an archaic image of Zeus with a third eye in the center of their forehead, allegedly Priam's Zeus Herkeios purloined from Troy.
Argus was Hera's servant. Their great service to the Olympian pantheon was to slay the chthonic serpent-legged monster Echidna as they slept in their cave. Hera's defining task for Argus was to guard the white heifer Io from Zeus, who was attracted to her, keeping them chained to the sacred olive tree at the Argive Heraion.<ref>Pseudo-Apollodorus, Bibliotheke, 2.6.</ref> They required someone who had at least a hundred eyes spread out, always watching in all directions, someone who would stay awake despite being asleep. Argos was meant to be the perfect guardian. They charged them to "Tether this cow safely to an olive-tree at Nemea". Hera knew that the heifer was in reality Io, one of the many nymphs Zeus was coupling with to establish a new order. To free Io, Zeus had Argus slain by Hermes. The messenger of the Olympian gods, disguised as a shepherd, first put all of Argus' eyes asleep with spoken charms, then slew them by hitting them with a stone, the first stain of bloodshed among the new generation of gods. After beheading Argus, Hermes acquired the epithet Argeiphontes or “Argus-slayer”.
The sacrifice of Argus liberated Io and allowed them to wander the earth, although tormented by a gadfly sent by Hera, until they reached the Ionian Sea, named after her, from where they swam to Egypt and gave birth to a love child of Zeus, according to some versions of the myth.
According to Ovid, Hera had the hundred eyes of Argus preserved forever in a peacock's tail so as to immortalise their faithful watchman.
The myth makes the closest connection of Argus, the neatherd, with the bull. In the Library of pseudo-Apollodorus, "Argos killed the bull that ravaged Arcadia, then clothed themselves in its skin."
Eponyms
Argus Panoptes is referenced in the scientific names of at least eight animals, each of which bears a pattern of eye spots: reptiles Cnemaspis argus, Eremias argus, Sibon argus, Sphaerodactylus argus, and the Argus monitor Varanus panoptes;Beolens, Bo; Watkins, Michael; Grayson, Michael (2011). The Eponym Dictionary of Reptiles. Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press. xiii + 296 pp. . ("Argus", p. 11). the pheasant Argusianus argus; the fish Cephalopholis argus and the cowry Arestorides argus.
Gallery
Argus, Io and Hermes
See also
Citations
Works cited
Fowler, R. L. (2013), Early Greek Mythography: Volume 2: Commentary, Oxford University Press, 2013. .
Pausanias, Pausanias Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Tortel C., (2019), Sacralisé, diabolisé: le paon dans les religions de l'Asie à la Méditerranée, Geuthner, 2019. .
West, M. L., Greek Epic Fragments: From the Seventh to the Fifth Centuries BC''. Edited and translated by Martin L. West. Loeb Classical Library No. 497. Cambridge, Massachusetts: Harvard University Press, 2003. Online version at Harvard University Press.
External links
Warburg Institute Iconographic Database (c. 250 images of Io and Argus)
Autochthons of classical mythology
Children of Inachus
Gigantes
Greek giants
Greek legendary creatures
Legendary creatures with supernumerary body parts
Deeds of Hera
Metamorphoses characters
Monsters in Greek mythology
Argive characters in Greek mythology
Characters in Greek mythology
Arcadian mythology
Eyes in culture
Randi Helene Bratteli (née Larssen; 17 September 1924 – 9 December 2002) was a Norwegian journalist.
They were born in Hamar as the daughter of Olav Larssen and Aslaug Sigrid Larssen (née Rustad). They married Trygve Bratteli, who served as Prime Minister of Norway from 1971 to 1972 and 1973 to 1976. They had three children: one son, Ola and two daughters, Tone and Marianne. They published several books.
They were member of the board of the friendship association Friends of Israel in the Norwegian Labour Movement (Norwegian: Venner av Israel i Norsk Arbeiderbevegelse).
References
1924 births
2002 deaths
Norwegian non-fiction writers
Norwegian women non-fiction writers
Spouses of prime ministers of Norway
People from Hamar
Norwegian women writers
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
20th-century Norwegian journalists
Divyadharsanam is a 1973 Indian Malayalam-language film, directed by J. Sasikumar. The film stars Bahadoor, Sankaradi, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair and Adoor Bhasi. The film had musical score by M. S. Viswanathan.
Cast
Bahadoor
Sankaradi
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Adoor Bhasi
Kaviyoor Ponnamma
Jayabharathi
Madhu
K. P. Ummer
S. P. Pillai
Pattom Sadan
Adoor Bhavani
Sreelatha Namboothiri
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. S. Viswanathan and the lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi, Thunchathezhuthachan and Kunjan Nambiar.
References
External links
1973 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by J. Sasikumar
Katonkaragay, also spelled Katon-Karagay () is a district of East Kazakhstan Region in eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the selo of Ulken Narym (Bolshenarymskoye) () (). It is the easternmost district in Kazakhstan. Population:
Near the selo of Berel () excavations of ancient burial mounds have revealed artefacts the sophistication of which are encouraging a revaluation of the nomadic cultures of the 3rd and 4th centuries BC.
References
External links
Official Government Site of Katon-Karagay
Districts of Kazakhstan
East Kazakhstan Region
Hope in Hell is the fifteenth studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Anvil. It was released in 2013 on May 24 in Germany, May 27 in the rest of Europe, and May 28 in North America. The album was produced by Bob Marlette, who, according to frontman Steve "Lips" Kudlow, contributed a lot to songwriting and arrangements with their skills. All songwriting credits went to Lips and Robb Reiner alone. In some songs, Lips was inspired by their love of "heavy rock 'n' roll", which made them feel they "found their way home" to the time when they did their first record, Hard 'n' Heavy. It is the only Anvil album to feature bassist Sal Italiano.
Release and reception
The album sold just under 800 copies in the first week of its release in the United States. It has received mostly lukewarm reception from fans.
Track listing
Personnel
Anvil
Steve "Lips" Kudlow – vocals, lead guitar
Sal Italiano – bass
Robb Reiner – drums
Production
Bob Marlette – producer, engineer, mixing
Chris Marlette – digital editing, engineer
Kyle Hoffmann – assistant engineer
Maor Appelbaum – mastering
Charts
References
Anvil (band) albums
2013 albums
Albums produced by Bob Marlette
The End Records albums
SPV/Steamhammer albums
Matthew John Smith (born 20 November 1973 in Tamworth, New South Wales) is a former field hockey player from Australia, who was a member of the Men's National Hockey Team that won the bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. They played club hockey for the North Coast Raiders.
External links
1973 births
Living people
Australian male field hockey players
Olympic field hockey players of Australia
Field hockey players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Australia
1998 Men's Hockey World Cup players
People from Tamworth, New South Wales
Olympic medalists in field hockey
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games medallists in field hockey
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Field hockey players at the 1998 Commonwealth Games
Field hockey players at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Sportsmen from New South Wales
International Rectal Microbicide Advocates (IRMA) is an international non-profit organization which promotes awareness of rectal microbicides.
History
The International Rectal Microbicide Advocates was formed in 2005 through a collaboration between the Canadian AIDS Society, the AIDS Foundation of Chicago, and the Community HIV/AIDS Mobilization Project (which disbanded in 2011). No other advocacy group existed – or currently exists – whose focus is on rectal microbicide research and development.
Activities
IRMA has reviewed and encouraged research into the safety of personal lubricants for anal sex. In an effort to raise awareness and advocacy for lubricants, IRMA issued the Global Lube Access Mobilisation (GLAM) Toolkit to help activists better engage with organizations and governments on the necessity of lubricant safety and access.
References
External links
Microbicides
Organizations established in 2005
Non-profit organizations based in Chicago
Human welfare organizations based in Chicago
Rectum
Extreme Tourist Afghanistan is a television documentary series written, directed and presented by Sabour Bradley that explores life in Afghanistan.
Production
The series had its world premier in the UK on Current TV on 25 January 2011 and has screened in more than 150 countries around the world on channels including Nat Geo Adventure, Fox Traveler. In French-speaking territories, it is called Bienvenue Chez Les Afghans in French and was screened by Canal + and Canal Sat. The series was produced by Afghan television production company Kaboora Productions, post-produced by UK production company Speak-It Films and distributed by the UK's Target Entertainment.
Critical response
Extreme Tourist Afghanistan was critically acclaimed by both western and Afghan journalists for its portrayal of Afghans as real people and not just media stereotypes. In Australia there was extensive praise for the show from national and regional newspapers. The Sydney Morning Herald described the show as "highly recommended ". In the UK's Guardian newspaper the show was quoted in an article about the Taliban. In the USA, the show gained attention through the McClatchy newsgroup in their article Aussie's Afghan Travel Show a Tribute to Crazy Love. It's been Afghan own reaction to the show that has been, arguably, the most important. The BBC Persian Service has featured the show and interviewed Sabour Bradley following widespread positive discussion about the show amongst Dari and Persian speakers. Afghan Voice Radio has also interviewed Sabour Bradley.
References
British travel television series
Television shows filmed in Afghanistan
Marlieux-Châtillon station (French: Gare de Marlieux-Châtillon) is a French railway station located in the commune of Marlieux, Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. As its name suggests the station is located within proximity of, and serves the nearby commune of Châtillon-sur-Chalaronne. It is located at kilometric point (KP) 45.760 on the Lyon–Bourg-en-Bresse railway, between the stations of Villars-les-Dombes and Saint-Paul-de-Varax.
The station was put into service in 1866 by the Compagnie de la Dombes.
As of 2020, the station is owned and operated by the SNCF and served by TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes trains.
History
The "station de Marlieux" was put into service by the Compagnie de la Dombes, on 1 September 1866, along with the opening of railway between Sathonay and Bourg-en-Bresse.
For summer service, beginning 10 May 1869, the station was served by four daily (in each direction) "omnibus mixtes" (passengers and freight) services between Bourg-en-Bresse/Besançon/Mulhouse/Strasbourg and Lyon-Croix-Rousse. On the Bourg-en-Bresse and Lyon-Croix-Rousse service, an addition train was added on Mondays and Wednesdays.
In 1872, the station became part of the Compagnie des Dombes et des chemins de fer du Sud-Est's (DSE) network which substituted its original operator.
In 2019, the SNCF estimated that 119,224 passengers traveled through the station.
Historic Marlieux-Châtillon station
In 1897, a second station was installed next to the existing station. An exchange station, it was the origin of a secondary metric railway which linked Marlieux and Châtillon-sur-Chalaronne. The department line, with a length of 11.375 km, was operated by the Compagnie du chemin de fer de Marlieux à Châtillon (MC) until 1919 when it was taken over by the Tramways de l'Ain (TA). Trains circulated along the route until 1934.
Railway heritage
Once removed from service, the historic passenger building was renovated to become the mairie of the commune. It is identical to numerous other passenger buildings constructed along the line by the Compagnie de la Dombes.
Services
Passenger services
Classified as a PANG (point d'accès non géré), the station is unstaffed and equipped with automatic ticket dispensers.
Train services
As of 2020, the station is served by the following services:
Regional services (TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes 32) Bourg-en-Bresse ... Lyon.
Intermodality
In addition to a parking lot for passengers, the station is equipped with secure bicycle storage facilities.
References
Railway stations in Ain
Tillett Booby Islands () is a group of small, somewhat dispersed islands, the largest rising 70 m above the sea, lying 5 nautical miles (9 km) northeast of Cape Wilkins. Discovered and named in February 1936 by DI personnel on the William Scoresby.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Islands of Kemp Land
Manitoba Hydro Place (MHP) is an office tower serving as the headquarters building of Manitoba Hydro, the electric power and natural gas utility in the province of Manitoba, Canada. Located at 360 Portage Avenue in downtown Winnipeg and connected to the Winnipeg Walkway system, Manitoba Hydro Place received LEED Platinum certification in May 2012, making it the most energy-efficient office tower in North America and the only office tower in Canada to receive the LEED Platinum rating.
Opened as Winnipeg's 4th tallest building in September 2009, the 21-story office tower brought together 1,650 employees from 15 suburban locations into one high-rise on a full, downtown block. With the design's plan view resembling a capital letter "A", the project comprises two 18-storey twin wings framing three 6-storey, south-facing atria (winter gardens). The design's stepped, three-storey, street-scaled podium contains retail space as well as an interior pedestrian street and a single level of parking, partially below grade — over which sit the atria, office wings and their 3-storey mechanical penthouse. Total project cost was C$278m.
The building's bioclimatic, energy-efficient design features a tall solar chimney, a geo-thermal HVAC system using 280 five-inch tubes bored 380 feet into an underground aquifer, 100% fresh air (24 hours a day, year-round, regardless of outside temperature) and a one-meter-wide double exterior wall with computer-controlled motorized vents that adjust the building's exterior skin throughout the day and evening. Together, the various elements of the design enable a 70% energy savings over a typical large office tower.
In 2009, CBC News called Manitoba Hydro Place one of "the most energy-efficient office towers in the world" and the Toronto Star called MHP the "most important building in Canada."
Background and design process
Construction of a downtown headquarters building was integral to the 2002 purchase agreement between Manitoba Hydro and the City of Winnipeg for purchase of the formerly city-owned electric utility, Winnipeg Hydro.
Manitoba Hydro representatives toured to Europe to identify examples of energy efficient design a year prior to beginning the architect selection process.
Subsequently, the company assembled an integrated design team including members from the corporation itself along with the design architects, the architects of record, energy engineers, building system engineers, cost estimators, and project contractors — selecting the Design Architect first: Kuwabara Payne McKenna Blumberg Architects of Toronto. Smith Carter Architects of Winnipeg was the Architect of Record.
By December 2003, the design team had selected the final site, and by 2004, Manitoba Hydro unveiled a series of design concepts for the building, having created a design brief for the building:
The brief was developed into a project charter defining the project's core principles and against which design concepts would be measured: that it would be flexible and adaptable to new technology and workplace changes, offer world-class energy efficiency, offer a signature design to enhance the image of the company and the city, help strengthen the city downtown, and be a solid financial investment.
The company committed one year to developing the building concept, using another year to ensure the concept integrated the key elements, including architectural, structural, energy performance, cost, constructability, and LEED factors. Sixteen alternatives were developed, subsequently reduced to three options from which the final concept was selected.
Energy efficient design
To meet its initial design target, that of a sustainable, energy-efficient building, Manitoba Hydro Place (MHP) was developed using an Integrated Design Process to optimize the building's massing, orientation and exposed thermal mass and to use digital analysis and computerized building management systems to increase its efficiency. MHP integrates passive elements (e.g., the south-facing winter gardens, natural daylighting, and the solar chimney) as well as active systems (e.g., dimmable, programmable fluorescent lighting and a computer-operated building management system).
See: Conceptual diagram of building systems at MHP
Key specifics of the design include siting of the building to take advantage of prevailing winds and solar gain, minimizing north-facing surface area, using the building's south-facing atria to provide and precondition the building's constant fresh-air supply and using several 24-meter-tall waterfalls to humidify and dehumidify the fresh air intake. Green roofs at the base of the building use plants to reduce stormwater runoff and minimize the building's heat-island effect, including such native prairie plants as sweet grass.
The design uses the building's concrete thermal mass to mitigate extreme temperature swings and integrate radiant heating and cooling systems, with a solar chimney to provide 100% fresh air by moving exhaust air to the bottom of the chimney to combine with the atria's preconditioned air and preheat incoming cold air to within room temperature, and employing geothermal technology via a closed loop system of 280 boreholes, six inches in diameter (variously reported as five inches in diameter), 400 feet deep, located between elements of the foundation. The geo-thermal boreholes are filled with tubing carrying glycol, which extracts heat from the building in warmer months while warming the thermal mass of the floor slabs radiantly in colder months. Heat pumps and exchangers maximize the system's efficiency, providing conditioned water that is then circulated in tubes in the exposed ceiling slabs, providing 100% of the mechanical temperature conditioning.
MHB features a high performance building envelope with a glass skin that is effectively triple-glazed — where the interior layer is single-glazed and separated from the double-glazed exterior layer by a one meter wide buffer zone. Windows at the east and west include operable sashes of both motorized, centrally controlled panels in the outer glazing and manually operated panels at the inner glazing as — well as shading located in the interstitial space. The floor plan shapes themselves (also known as floorplates) of MHP are shallow, with a distance of 11 meters from the face of the building to its interior core, facilitating natural daylighting.
Other systems integral to the design include high ceilings to maximize natural lighting, exterior walls of low-iron glass for maximum solar gain, automated solar shading, raised floors with a displacement ventilation system, high-output lighting with occupancy and light sensors on each fixture, a computer-based building management system to coordinate operation of energy management and building systems as well as a group of green roofs at the building's podium.
To achieve personal comfort levels, users have access to the operable elements of the façade and receives natural lighting 80% of normal office hours. In addition to the operable sashes, users can control their immediate environment via task lighting, shading devices and user-operable floor grilles.
Incidental to the building design itself, another idea behind MHP was indirect energy savings the project would facilitate by combining 15 disparate company entities in a single downtown location. Before MHP opened, 95 percent of the employees commuted to work via automobile. After working at the new building for less than half a year, 50% of commuters were using forms of transportation other than the automobile.
MHP energy use
MHP targets electric usage less than 100 kWh/m2/a compared to 400 kWh/m2/a for a typical large scale North American office tower, located in a more temperate climate.
Specifically, the average cold-climate Class A Canadian office uses 400–550 kWh/m2 per year. A typical office space in Manitoba uses 495 kWh/m2 per year. Five years before the MHB was designed the typical office space in Canada utilized used 550 kWh/m2 per year. Because of recent work to reduce energy consumption in Winnipeg, a typical office highrise in the city uses approximately 325 kWh/m2 annually. Current annual Canadian energy targets for Class A office towers are 260kWh/m2.
MHP projected an annual use of 88 kWh/m2 per annum, exceeding the Model National Energy Code for Buildings (MNECB) by 66%.
The building targets Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification at the platinum level, the highest level of a four tier rating system. On May 25, 2012, MHB was finally awarded formal certification, achieving LEED Platinum, the first office building in North America to do so. As part of their announcement, it was confirmed that their annual energy use is 85 kWh/m2, slightly lower than anticipated.
Cost
MHP was constructed at a cost of C$278 m, or $400 per square foot. This would place the cost of the building much higher than local building developers would typically target for a city that is not expanding rapidly. The building was also financed internally, with a target construction payback period of more than 60 years rather than the much shorter typical return projection.
During the initial phase of construction, in 2006, engineers discovered a higher water table than anticipated. As the basement had originally been designed to accommodate numerous mechanical systems, the building underwent substantial redesign, including its foundation. A level of the basement was also eliminated during the redesign.
Awards
2009 Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat (CTBUH)'s Best Tall Building Americas award. At the time, CTBUH said Manitoba Hydro Place "was designed to be completely site specific. The design could not be transplanted to another city and still work, thus making it the perfect response to the seeming homogenization of the world's skylines."
2008 IBS Award, Highly Commended
2009 Building of the Year, Office Category by Arch Daily.
2010 American Institute of Architects Committee on the Environment (COTE), Top Ten Green Buildings.
2010 Sustainable Architecture & Building Magazine Award, Project Winner
2010 Royal Architectural Institute of Canada, National Urban Design Award
2010 the SAB (Sustainable Architecture and Building) Canadian Green Building Award.
Engineers Canada – National Project Achievement Award
2010 ACEC Canadian Consulting Engineering Award – Buildings
2011 Royal Architectural Institute of Canada, Innovation in Architecture
Canadian Consulting Engineering – Award of Excellence
Association of Consulting Engineering Companies – Manitoba (Consulting Engineers of Manitoba) – Keystone Award and Award of Excellence
Consulting Engineers of Alberta – Award of Excellence Sustainable Design
Gallery
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Winnipeg
References
External links
Construction Photos at SkyscraperPage Discussion Forums
Manitoba Hydro
Headquarters in Canada
Office buildings completed in 2009
Skyscrapers in Winnipeg
2009 establishments in Manitoba
KPMB Architects buildings
Skyscraper office buildings in Canada
Buildings and structures in downtown Winnipeg
Harpole & Foxberrow General Publishers is the eighth and last novel by J.L. Carr, published in 1992, just after their 80th birthday. The narrator of the story is Hetty Beauchamp, the hero of What Hetty Did, who describes how George Harpole and Emma Foxberrow (both characters in The Harpole Report) returned from working at a teacher-training college in Sinji, the setting of A Season in Sinji, to establish a small provincial publishing firm.
The book was issued by The Quince Tree Press, established by Carr in 1967 to publish their maps and small books. Carr printed 4,000 copies of the novel at a cost of £5,500 and sold them direct to bookshops at a 40% discount on the cover price of £4.95 or to whoever wrote to them at their house in Kettering asking for a copy. The novel is still available from the Quince Tree Press.
References
External links
Quince Tree Press
1992 British novels
English novels
Novels by J. L. Carr
Lyme Center is an unincorporated community in the town of Lyme in Grafton County, New Hampshire, in the United States. It is located close to the geographic center of the town of Lyme, approximately east of New Hampshire Route 10 where it passes through the main village of Lyme. The center of the village is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as the Lyme Center Historic District.
Lyme Center has a separate ZIP code (03769) from the rest of the town of Lyme.
References
Unincorporated communities in New Hampshire
Unincorporated communities in Grafton County, New Hampshire
Lyme, New Hampshire
St James' Church, Enfield Highway, is an active Anglican church in Hertford Road, Enfield Highway, Greater London. It is a parish church in the deanery of Enfield, the archdeaconry of Hampstead, and the diocese of London.
History
St James' was the first Anglican place of worship to be established in the parish of Enfield in addition to the parish church. It was built by subscription as a chapel of ease on land given by Woodham Connop and consecrated on 15 October 1831 by the Bishop of London, Charles Blomfield. A district was assigned to the church on 9 December 1833, comprising the whole of the parish of east of a line drawn at a distance of 150 yards to the west of the main road from Edmonton to Cheshunt. The church was licensed for marriages in 1845.
The architect was William Conrad Lochner (c.1779-1861), surveyor to the Royal Exchange Assurance Co., who designed a church in a very similar style at de Beauvoir Town, Hackney, and restored St Andrew's church, Enfield. It was built from stock brick with stone dressings in a plain "Commissioners gothic" style with aisles and a western tower. Structural problems with the church soon emerged. In 1841 the Ecclesiologist magazine reported
"St James Enfield Highway which has been consecrated six or eight years, is already condemned as 'dangerous', since the heavy tied roof is threatening to fall in from the rotting of the ends of the beams, which are said to have been laid in the most disgraceful manner upon the mere damp brick-work"
The first incumbent was T.W. Thirlwall. They were succeeded by Charles Warren, J.R. Nicholl and, in 1841, John Fuller Russell. Russell, who remained at the church until 1854, was a theological writer, a committee member of the high church Cambridge Camden Society and a notable collector of early religious art. In 1854 they published Obedience to the Church in Things Ritual: Two Sermons Preached in St. James's Church, Enfield Highway.
A large chancel was added at the expense of the Rev J. Harman in memory of their wife and consecrated in 1864. The east end of the church was seriously damaged by a fire in 1967, and considerable alterations were in the course of repairs, including the removal of the chancel arch and extension of the sanctuary.
With its population of over 26,900 in the localities of Enfield Highway and Brimsdown, it is one of the largest parishes in England. The church has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II listed building.
References
Church of England church buildings in the London Borough of Enfield
Grade II listed churches in London
19th-century Church of England church buildings
Diocese of London
Inqulab Zindabbad is a 1971 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan and produced by K. S. R. Moorthy. The film stars Sathyan, Madhu, Sheela and Jayabharathi in the lead roles. The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Cast
Sathyan as Venugopalan
Madhu as Shreedharan
Sheela as Rajamma
Jayabharathi as Vasanthi
Adoor Bhasi as Panjali Raman Nair
Prema as Devaki
Sankaradi as Neerkunnam Neelaambaran
Shobha as As Child artist
Varghese
G. K. Pillai as Circle Inspector
Janardanan
Kuttan Pillai
Menon
N. Govindankutty as District Secretary
Nambiar
Nellikode Bhaskaran as Govindan
P. O. Thomas
Panicker
Panjabi
Paravoor Bharathan as Head Constable Mathan
Philomina as Narayani
Roja Ramani
Susheela
Vasu
Veeran as Adv. Cherian
Soundtrack
The music was composed by G. Devarajan and the lyrics were written by O. V. Usha and Vayalar Ramavarma.
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan
Fortescue is an English surname that originated from the old Norman epithet Fort-Escu ("strong shield"). People with the surname include:
Adrian Fortescue (martyr), 16th-century English nobleman beatified by Roman Catholic Church
Adrian Fortescue (priest), 19th-20th century Roman Catholic liturgist and Byzantine scholar
Anthony Fortescue (1535–1608), English conspirator
Charles Granville Fortescue (1861–1951), British Army officer
Charles Legeyt Fortescue (1876–1936), a Canadian-born electrical engineer
Chichester Parkinson-Fortescue, 1st Baron Carlingford
Chichester Fortescue (disambiguation)
Chichester Fortescue (1718–1757), MP for Trim
Chichester Fortescue (1750–1820), Admiral and MP for Trim, son of the above
Chichester Fortescue (1777–1826), MP for Hillsborough, nephew of the above
Chichester Parkinson-Fortescue, 1st Baron Carlingford (1823–1898), Liberal politician, son of the above
Denzil Fortescue, 6th Earl Fortescue
Eleanor Fortescue-Brickdale, (1872 – 1945), English artist
Edmund Fortescue (disambiguation)
Edmund Fortescue (died 1624) (1560–1624), English MP
Edmund Fortescue (died 1647) (1610–1647), English royalist commander
Sir Edmund Fortescue, 1st Baronet (1642–1666)
Francis Fortescue (ca. 1563-1624), English politician
Francis Fortescue Urquhart (1868–1934), an English academic
Grace Fortescue, a New York socialite who killed a defendant charged with the rape of their daughter
George Fortescue (c.1578–1659), English essayist and poet
Harriet Angelina Fortescue (1825–1889), a British writer on international affairs
Henry Fortescue (Lord Chief Justice) of Ireland
Hugh Fortescue (disambiguation)
Hugh Fortescue (1665–1719), British politician
Hugh Fortescue, 1st Earl Fortescue (1753–1841), British peer
Hugh Fortescue, 2nd Earl Fortescue (1783–1861), British Whig politician
Hugh Fortescue, 3rd Earl Fortescue (1818–1905), British peer and politician
Hugh Fortescue, 4th Earl Fortescue (1854–1932), English Liberal politician
Hugh Fortescue, 5th Earl Fortescue (1888–1958), British peer and Conservative politician
John Fortescue (disambiguation)
John Fortescue (judge) (c. 1394–1479), English lawyer and judge, MP for Tavistock, Totnes, Plympton Erle and Wiltshire
John Fortescue of Salden, the seventh Chancellor of the Exchequer of England, serving from 1589 until 1603
John Fortescue (military historian), (1859–1933), historian of the British army
John Fortescue Aland, 1st Baron Fortescue of Credan
Lady Margaret Fortescue (1923-2013), one of the UK's largest private landowners
Michael Fortescue, a linguist specializing in Arctic and native North American languages
Nicholas Fortescue the Elder (1575?-1633), chamberlain of the exchequer
Nicholas Fortescue the Younger (1605?–1644), knight of St John
Richard Fortescue (disambiguation)
Rosie Fortescue in Made in Chelsea
Tim Fortescue, a British politician
Thomas Fortescue (disambiguation)
Thomas Fortescue (1683–1769), Irish politician, MP for Dundalk 1727–60
Thomas Fortescue, 1st Baron Clermont (1815–1887), Irish Whig politician
Thomas Fortescue (1744–1799), MP for Trim in the Irish House of Commons 1768–99
Thomas Fortescue (secretary) (1784–1872), Anglo-Indian civilian and secretary
William Fortescue (disambiguation)
William Fortescue (judge) (1687–1749), British judge, Master of the Rolls 1741-1749
William Fortescue (died 1629) (c.1562-1629), MP for Sudbury, Chipping Wycombe and Stockbridge
William Fortescue, 1st Earl of Clermont (1722–1806), Irish politician
William Fortescue, 2nd Viscount Clermont (1764–1829), Irish politician, nephew of the above
Winifred Fortescue, actor and writer
Characters
J. Fortescue, a nonexistent doctor created as a hoax, supposedly a founder of the International Board of Hygiene
Camilla Fortescue-Cholmondeley-Browne, a character on the BBC series Call the Midwife
Florean Fortescue, character in Harry Potter
References
Simon Jentzsch (born 4 May 1976) is a German retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
They appeared in 274 Bundesliga games over the course of 14 seasons, mainly with Wolfsburg (six years). They also represented in the competition Karlsruhe, TSV 1860 Munich and Augsburg.
Club career
Born in Düsseldorf, Jentzsch began their professional career at KFC Uerdingen (then named Bayer), moving in July 1995 to Karlsruher SC. They would have to wait until the 1998–99 season to become first-choice, with the club in the second division.
In July 2000, Jentzsch joined TSV 1860 Munich, helping the Bavarians to three consecutive mid-table positions upon which they signed with fellow Bundesliga side VfL Wolfsburg. In their first years they were an important part in the team's consolidation in the top flight, but lost their status midway through 2007–08 to Swiss Diego Benaglio, still appearing in 15 matches to help the Wolves to a final qualification to the UEFA Cup.
On 31 March 2009, Jentzsch's contract with Wolfsburg was terminated and, on 9 June, they signed a one-year deal with FC Augsburg in the second level. They played 33 games in their second year to help their new team reach the main category for the first time in its history; previously, in late November 2009, they extended their link a further two years.
Aged 35–36, Jentzsch was again the starter in the 2011–12 season, helping Augsburg finally avoid relegation while posting the joint-ninth the best defensive record with 49 goals against. They retired at the end of the following campaign and, in 2014, joined Fortuna Düsseldorf as their goalkeeper coach.
International career
A German under-21 international, Jentzsch received one callup to the senior side, but never made their official debut.
References
External links
Augsburg official profile
1976 births
Living people
Footballers from Düsseldorf
German footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
KFC Uerdingen 05 players
Karlsruher SC players
TSV 1860 Munich players
VfL Wolfsburg players
FC Augsburg players
Germany under-21 international footballers
Germany B international footballers
Sara Paulata Korere is a Kenyan politician.  They are the member of parliament for Laikipia North constituency.
Early years and education
Korere was born in Laikipia. They had their primary education at Doldol Primary School and then proceeded to Doldol Secondary School and there, they had their secondary education. In 2000, they completed Egerton University with a diploma in agriculture education and extension.
Career
Korere began working in 2001 at SARDEP, where they served as Community Mobilizer. From there they worked as Programme Officer for World Vision until 2004 when they left to work at the Electoral Commission of Kenya as the Deputy Coordinator of Laikipia County. Before their nomination as member of parliament to Kenya's National Assembly in 2013, they served as the Community Development Officer for Ol Pejeta Conservancy. In August 2017, they were sworn in as the member of parliament for Laikipia North constituency.
Politics
In 2013 they were nominated as the member of parliament for Laikipia Noruth constituency.  They are known to have had a physical battle with the former Laikipia North Member of Parliament, Mathew Lempurkel after their nomination. They won the seat during the 2017 general elections and was sworn into office.
On 18 September 2017, they are known to have testified against Mathew Lempurkel for assaulting them on November 21, 2016.
References
Living people
Kenyan politicians
Egerton University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Main Street, America, the Main Street of America, or America's Main Street; may refer to:
U.S. Route 40, of pre-WWII and post creation of the US route system
U.S. Route 66, of post-WWII and pre-Interstate network completion
Pennsylvania Avenue, specifically the portion stretching from the White House to the United States Capitol, known as "America's Main Street"
See also
Main Street, U.S.A., an area inside Disney theme parks
Main Street (disambiguation)
Vicente Romo Navarro (born April 12, 1943) is a Mexican former professional baseball pitcher. A right-hander, Romo played all or parts of eight seasons in Major League Baseball between 1968 and 1982, primarily as a relief pitcher. They had an extensive career in Mexico, where their career spanned 25 seasons from 1962–86, and they were elected to the Salón de la Fama del Beisbol Profesional de México (the Mexican Professional Baseball Hall of Fame) in 1992.  They are the older brother of fellow major league pitcher Enrique Romo.
Professional career
Minor leagues
Romo, who was nicknamed "Huevo" (meaning Egg in Spanish), began their professional career with the Tigres de Aguascalientes in the now-defunct Mexican Center League. They played for the Tigres del México in 1963–64, and was purchased from them by the Cleveland Indians on October 5, 1964.
Rookie year
After three seasons in the minor leagues, mostly with the Portland Beavers Romo was selected in the Rule 5 draft by the Los Angeles Dodgers. They made their major league debut in the second game of the 1968 season, pitching one scoreless inning against the New York Mets. After going two weeks without appearing in a game, Romo was returned to the Indians on April 26. Romo was sent back to Portland, then was recalled at the end of June. During the last three months of the season, Romo appeared in 40 games for the Indians, posting a team-best 12 saves and a 1.62 earned run average.
Boston Red Sox
Romo was traded along with Sonny Siebert and Joe Azcue from the Indians to the Boston Red Sox for Ken Harrelson, Dick Ellsworth and Juan Pizarro on April 19, . They shared closer duties with Sparky Lyle for most of the year, but was moved to the starting rotation in August. They made 11 starts down the stretch, posting a 5–2 record, including their only career shutout on September 18 against the Baltimore Orioles. Overall, they went 7–9 with 11 saves in 1969.
Romo began the 1970 season back in the bullpen, occasionally being called upon to make a spot start. In late July, they were moved back to the rotation once more, but this time did not fare as well. In eight starts, Romo went 0–3 with a 6.56 ERA, and they were moved back to the bullpen in September.
White Sox and Padres
In 1971, Romo was traded at the end of spring training to the Chicago White Sox, where they spent two seasons as a middle reliever. They were traded again after the 1972 season to the San Diego Padres, where they were given a few more opportunities to close, leading the team in saves in 1974 with nine. Despite that, they were released by the Padres during spring training in 1975.
Return to Mexico
Romo returned to their native Mexico, signing with the Cafeteros de Córdoba. They pitched four seasons with Córdoba, then three more with the Azules de Coatzacoalcos. Their contract was purchased from Coatzacoalcos by the St. Louis Cardinals after the 1981 season, but was returned to the Azules before the 1982 season.
MLB comeback
On May 24, 1982, Romo's contract was again purchased, this time by their original major league team, the Dodgers. Four days later, Romo made their first major league appearance in eight years, pitching two shutout innings against the Chicago Cubs. They were moved into the starting rotation in June to replace the injured Burt Hooton, but struggled, going 0–1 with a 5.40 ERA in their first four starts.
After one relief appearance, they pitched seven scoreless innings against the Montreal Expos on July 19 for their first major league victory since 1974, and first as a starter since 1970. Unfortunately, in their next start against the San Francisco Giants, they suffered a leg injury in the second inning and missed the rest of the season. Their contract was sold back to the Azules after the season. They went on to pitch four more seasons in Mexico, finishing their career with the Leones de Yucatán in 1986.
Overview
In an eight-season career, Romo posted a 32–33 record with a 3.36 ERA, 52 saves, and 416 strikeouts in 335 games pitched. In Mexico, they had a 182–106 record in 16 seasons, and holds the career record for best ERA with at least 2,000 innings pitched at 2.49. They also hold a number of Mexican Pacific League records.
See also
List of players from Mexico in Major League Baseball
References
External links
Retrosheet
1943 births
Living people
Azules de Coatzacoalcos players
Baseball players from Baja California Sur
Boston Red Sox players
Cafeteros de Córdoba players
Chicago White Sox players
Cleveland Indians players
Diablos Rojos del México players
Leones de Yucatán players
Los Angeles Dodgers players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Major League Baseball players from Mexico
Mexican Baseball Hall of Fame inductees
Mexican expatriate baseball players in the United States
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Portland Beavers players
San Diego Padres players
Tigres de Aguascalientes players
Tigres del México players
People from Santa Rosalía, Baja California Sur
Alexander Donald Taylor AM (born 24 January 1928) is a former Australian politician who was a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1968 to 1984, representing the seat of Cockburn. They served as a minister in the government of John Tonkin, including as deputy premier from 1973 to 1974. Taylor later served as Administrator of Christmas Island (an Australian external territory) from 1986 to 1990.
Early life
Taylor was born in Kalgoorlie to Lily Irene (née Jennings) and Alexander Taylor. They were raised in Perth, attending Perth Modern School, and was a state-level basketball player in their youth. Taylor studied teaching at the University of Western Australia and Claremont Teachers College, and after graduating worked at Applecross Senior High School (1959–1960) and Perth Modern School (1961–1962). They later worked as a rural education officer with the Junior Farmers' Council.
Politics
A member of the Labor Party from 1956, Taylor was elected to parliament at the 1968 state election, replacing the retiring Henry Curran in Cockburn. After the 1971 election, which saw the election of a Labor government, they were made Minister for Housing and Minister for Labour in the new ministry. Following a ministerial reshuffle in October 1971, Taylor's titles were Minister for Labour, Minister for Prices Control, and Minister for Tourism. They were additionally made Minister for Immigration in February 1973.
In May 1973, Herb Graham stepped down as deputy leader of the Labor Party, with Taylor being elected as their replacement and consequently being appointed deputy premier. They served as deputy premier until Labor's defeat at the 1974 election, a term of less than a year (the shortest term of any deputy premier in Western Australia). After the election, Taylor was replaced as Labor's deputy leader by Colin Jamieson. They remained in the shadow ministry until 1980, serving under three leaders of the opposition (John Tonkin, Colin Jamieson, and Ron Davies).
Later life
Taylor retired from parliament in August 1984. They served on the Judiciary and Parliamentary Salaries Tribunal from 1984 to 1986, and then was briefly chairperson of the Authority for the Intellectually Handicapped. From 1986 to 1990, Taylor served as Administrator of Christmas Island, an Australian external territory in the Indian Ocean. They were made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in the 1991 Australia Day Honours, for "public service and service to the Western Australia parliament".
References
|-
|-
1928 births
Living people
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Australian schoolteachers
Deputy Premiers of Western Australia
Members of the Order of Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Kalgoorlie
University of Western Australia alumni
Christmas Island administrators
People educated at Perth Modern School
Shyloo () is a 2011 Indian Kannada-language romantic drama film written and directed by S. Narayan. It is a remake of the 2010 Tamil film Mynaa which itself was reported to have been inspired by the 2006 Hong Kong movie Dog Bite Dog. The film stars Ganesh and Bhama.Jassie Gift was the music director of the film.
Plot
The film starts with an imprisoned Manja (Ganesh) recalling their love for Shyloo (Bhama) since childhood that becomes more intense as they grow. Though Shyloo's mother assures Manja of getting them married, they change their mind and arranges for Shyloo to marry a rich family boy. Infuriated, Manja threatens to kill them  They are arrested by the police and given a 30-days prison sentence. Shyloo's mother arranges the marriage a day before their release and Manja escapes from prison. As the police officer Bhaskar and a constable Ramaiah handcuff Manja, Shyloo too goes along with them as they decide to get married after they are released from prison.
On their way, they encounter adventures that include an elephant chasing them and losing their way thereby reaching Kerala. From there, their journey continues, with Bhaskar becoming infuriated with Manja as they are not able to celebrate their "Deepavali" with their family, busy running behind Manja. A parallel story reveals Bhaskar's annoyed wife Sudha and their brothers troubling Bhaskar to come to their hometown to celebrate Deepavali. However, Bhaskar soon develops a soft corner for Manja as they save them from a freak bus accident. The four go back together to their hometown. Bhaskar promises to get Manja released within two days and assures to get them married after Manja is released. Ramaiah asks shyloo to stay in their house for shelter.
However, Bhaskar asks Ramaiah to let shyloo stay in their house so that they can take them safe the next day for wedding. On reaching their house, Bhaskar finds Sudha waiting furiously, and they also accuse shyloo for having an illegitimate relationship with Bhaskar. Bhaskar gets angry and scolds their wife, following which they leave the home. On the next day, Bhaskar, Ramaiah, and Manja on the way to court, find a dead body on the railway track and get shocked, seeing it to be shyloo. Bhaskar finds out that Sudha's brothers arrived at their house immediately and killed shyloo, who they thought to be responsible for the trouble. They then threw their body on a railway track. Upon witnessing this, Manja cries, jumps in front of another train, and dies. Bhaskar feels guilty about the incident and gets angered. They quit their job and goes back to their wife's home, where they kill them and their brothers with a sickle. They voluntarily surrender and is imprisoned for 20 year-sentence in Manja's cell.
Cast
Ganesh as Manja
Bhama as Shyloo
Praveen
Suchendra Prasad
Rangayana Raghu
Ila Vitla
Pipeline Ramesh
Honnavalli krishna
Renuka prasad
Chandrashekhar Bandiyappa
Jolly Bastin
Pankaj. S. Narayan
Jaishree Raj
Suresh chandra
Yathi raj
Gajendra Rao
Box office
The film received positive reviews especially for performance of lead actors.
Soundtrack
Reception
Critical response
Shruti Indira Lakshminarayana from Rediff.com scored the film at 3 out of 5 stars and says "There nothing new about the music. A special appearance by Narayan's son and actor Pankaj in a song rendered by actor Puneet Rajkumar also fails to impress. If you're planning to watch Shyloo, make sure you have a heart that can withstand both love and its losses!". A critic from Bangalore Mirror wrote " the sterling performances of the four main characters, Ganesh, Bhama, Rangayana Raghu and Suchendra Prasad.S Narayan has proved to be a remake master once again. This is a mass film where the USP is a emotional quotient. It deserves a watch". A critic from News18 India wrote "Munar has been well captured by Jagadish Waali. The title song is catchy and well-picturised.'Shyloo' is a well performed film with some touching sequences, but it is not as good as the original 'Mynaa'". A critic from The Times of India scored the film at 3.5 out of 5 stars and says "While Ganesh is amazing as a village loverboy, Bhama is simply superb. Rangayana Raghu lights up the dull moments. Suchendra Prasad impresses. Music by Jassie Gift and camera by J S Wali add value to the story".
Home media
The movie was released on DVD with 5.1 channel surround sound and English subtitles and VCD.
References
External links
2011 films
2010s Kannada-language films
Kannada remakes of Tamil films
Films directed by S. Narayan
St. Luke AME Zion Church is a historic African Methodist Episcopal Zion (AMEZ) church at 3937 12th Ave. North in Birmingham, Alabama. It was significant in the civil rights movement. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.
See also
St. Luke AME Church - also in Birmingham, also significant in the civil rights movement, and also added to the NRHP in 2005
References
African-American history in Birmingham, Alabama
Methodist churches in Alabama
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Birmingham, Alabama
Gothic Revival church buildings in Alabama
Churches completed in 1962
Churches in Birmingham, Alabama
African Methodist Episcopal Zion churches in Alabama
Stefan Chwin (born 11 April 1949 in Gdańsk) is a Polish novelist, literary critic, and historian of literature whose life and literary work is closely linked to their hometown. They hold a post of Literature Professor at the University of Gdansk, their professional interests are focused on romanticism.
The best-known novel by Stefan Chwin is entitled Hanemann (1995). It has been translated into German, Swedish, Spanish and English; the plot of the novel is set in Gdańsk in the wake of World War II.
In 1995, they won the Paszport Polityki Award in literature. In 1997 they received the "Erich Brost Danzig Award" for their merits on Polish-German reconciliation.
References
Polish male writers
1949 births
Living people
Recipients of the Silver Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis
Tommy Robredo was the defending champion, but chose to compete in Marseille instead.
Juan Carlos Ferrero won in the final against David Ferrer 5–7, 6–4, 6–3.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
Qualifying
Seeds
Qualifiers
Draw
First qualifier
Second qualifier
Third qualifier
Fourth qualifier
External links
Main Draw Singles
Qualifying Draw
Copa Telmex - Singles
ATP Buenos Aires
2010 Copa Telmex
René Bary (died in 1680) was a French historiographer and rhetorician author of La Rhétorique française où pour principale augmentation l'on trouve les secrets de nostre langue published in Paris (1653) for the female audience of the précieuses. Indeed, they wrote many books to speak well and also La Défense de la jalousie in 1642.
Publications (selection)
1642: La Défense de la jalousie
1653: La Rhétorique française où pour principale augmentation l'on trouve les secrets de nostre langue
1658: Actions publiques sur la rhétorique françoise
1660: La fine philosophie, accommodée à l'intelligence des dames
1662: L'esprit de cour, ou Les conversations galantes , divisées en cent dialogues... par René Bary
1679: Méthode pour bien prononcer un discours et pour le bien animer...
External links
René Bary on data.bnf.fr
Works by René Bary on Gallica
Bary, René on Scholasticon
Possible portrait of Bary by Jean Frosne
French historiographers
1680 deaths
William Benet (1381–1463), of Canterbury, Kent, was an English politician and tavern owner.
They were a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Canterbury in October 1416, 1420, 1425, 1435 and 1450. They were Mayor of Canterbury in 1449–50.
References
1381 births
1463 deaths
People from Canterbury
Mayors of Canterbury
English MPs October 1416
English MPs 1420
English MPs 1425
English MPs 1435
English MPs 1450
Horatio is an unincorporated community in Darke County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
History
A post office called Horatio was established in 1860, and remained in operation until 1920. Besides the post office, Horatio had a church and a country store.
References
Unincorporated communities in Darke County, Ohio
Unincorporated communities in Ohio
Events from the year 1909 in Scotland.
Incumbents
Secretary for Scotland and Keeper of the Great Seal – John Sinclair, 1st Baron Pentland
Law officers
Lord Advocate – Thomas Shaw; then Alexander Ure
Solicitor General for Scotland – Alexander Ure; then Arthur Dewar
Judiciary
Lord President of the Court of Session and Lord Justice General – Lord Dunedin
Lord Justice Clerk – Lord Kingsburgh
Events
March – Construction of Rosyth Dockyard for the Royal Navy on the east coast begins.
17 April – 58 police officers and sixty other people are injured as 6,000 fans invade the pitch and brawl with rival fans and the police at the end of the drawn Scottish Cup Final replay between Rangers and Celtic at Hampden Park, Glasgow. The 1909 Scottish Cup and all medals are withheld.
24 May – Dundee United F.C. is formed as Dundee Hibernian, playing its first match on 18 August.
25 May – Oscar Slater found guilty of murder in Glasgow.
28 July – Harold Barnwell makes the first powered flight in Scotland, an 80-yard (75 m) hop at 4m altitude in a canard biplane built with their brother Frank at Stirling, before crashing.
25 December – international footballer James Main suffers a fatal internal injury while playing for Hibernian F.C. against Partick Thistle at Firhill.
A new Highland Land League is formed in Glasgow as a broadly left-wing political party.
The Royal Zoological Society of Scotland is founded by Thomas Haining Gillespie, an Edinburgh lawyer.
First British bird ringing programme initiated by Arthur Landsborough Thomson at Aberdeen.
The Harris Tweed trademark is registered.
The Scotch whisky brand name Johnnie Walker is introduced.
New pump room built at the spa town of Strathpeffer.
Births
16 January – Ellen King, Olympic swimmer (died 1994 in England)
20 January – Olive Fraser, poet (died 1977)
21 January – James Hoy, Labour Member of Parliament for Leith 1945-1970 (died 1976)
9 February – Marjorie Ogilvie Anderson, historian and paleographer (died 2002)
24 February – Ethel MacDonald, anarchist and publisher (died 1958)
6 March – Vagaland (real name Thomas Alexander Robertson), Shetland dialect poet (died 1973)
14 March – William Montgomery Watt, historian and Emeritus Professor in Arabic and Islamic studies (died 2006)
19 March – Marjorie Linklater, campaigner for the arts and environment of Orkney (died 1997)
27 April – Muriel C. Bradbrook, literary scholar and authority on Shakespeare (died 1993 in Cambridge)
9 May – Robert Garioch, Scots language poet (died 1981)
26 May – Matt Busby, football manager (died 1994)
5 June – Marion Crawford, Scottish educator and governess to Princess Margaret and Queen Elizabeth II (died 1988)
19 June – William Grant, Lord Grant, Unionist MP, Solicitor General, Lord Advocate, and Lord Justice Clerk (died 1972)
5 September – Archie Jackson, Australian international cricketer (died 1933 in Australia)
23 November – Nigel Tranter, historical writer (died 2000)
2 December – Helen Douglas Adam, poet, writer and dramatist (died 1993 in the United States)
Lavinia Derwent (real name Elizabeth Dodd), author and broadcaster (died 1989)
Helena Gloag, actor (died 1973)
Deaths
1 January – Archibald Sturrock, steam locomotive engineer (born 1816)
2 March – Simon Somerville Laurie, educator (born 1829)
27 March (probable) – John Davidson, poet (born 1857)
26 April – Marcus Dods, theologian (born 1834)
9 August – Jemima Blackburn, painter and illustrator (born 1823)
9 October – Hugh Blackburn, mathematician (born 1823)
29 December – James Main, footballer (born 1886)
See also
Timeline of Scottish history
1909 in the United Kingdom
References
Scotland
Years of the 20th century in Scotland
1900s in Scotland
William John Wilkins (September 1, 1897 – September 9, 1995) was an American lawyer and judge from the state of Washington. They were the last surviving judge of the post-World War II Nuremberg Trials of Nazi war crimes.
Wilkins was born in Michigan, the fifth of nine children of a miner from Cornwall, England. They went to work in the copper mines at 14 to help support their family when their father became ill.
They served in the United States Army in World War I as a Sergeant, receiving a battlefield commission to Second Lieutenant. They were awarded a Silver Star in the Meuse-Argonne Offensive in the fall of 1918.
They completed high school after the war and worked their way through the University of Michigan. They obtained their law degree from George Washington University Law School in Washington, D.C. They were invited to Seattle by a classmate and settled there, passing the Washington State bar and marrying the daughter of a Yakima rancher.
Wilkins was King County deputy prosecutor from 1929 to 1934, and then went into private practice until 1940, when they were appointed a King County Superior Court judge. At the outbreak of World War II, Wilkins re-enlisted in the Army and served in the Judge Advocate General's Corps.
In 1951, Wilkins presided over the infamous libel trial against author Betty MacDonald, brought by nine people who claimed to be the Kettle family MacDonald wrote about in their best-selling book, The Egg and I. Much to Judge Wilkins' surprise, the jury sided with MacDonald, something Wilkins discussed in their autobiography, The Sword and the Gavel.
References
Seattle Times obituary
1897 births
1995 deaths
Recipients of the Silver Star
University of Michigan alumni
20th-century American judges
The Love Tour was a tour by the Irish band Westlife seen by 390,000 fans. The tour started in Australia, and covered Africa and UK in 2007. The tour had a subtotal of £1,031,033 gross secondary ticket sales.
Support acts
Code 5
Cushh
Dyyce
Lady Nada
The MacDonald Brothers
The Unconventionals
Setlist
Tour dates
Festivals and other miscellaneous performances
This concert was a part of "94.5 Kfm's Night of the Superstars"
Cancellations and rescheduled shows
References
Westlife concert tours
2007 concert tours
Prof. Dr. Albin Eser (born 26 January 1935 in Leidersbach, Lower Franconia, Bavaria) is a German jurist and a former ad litem judge at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
They studied law at the universities of Würzburg, Tübingen and the Free University of Berlin between 1954 and 1958. They served as a judge in German courts from 1971, and was director of the Max Planck Institute for Foreign and International Criminal Law in Freiburg from 1991 to 1994, and Chairman of the Humanities and Social Sciences Section of the Max Planck Society from 1994 to 1997. They were co-initiator of the Committee of Experts preparing the Draft Statute for an International Criminal Court ("Siracusa/Freiburg Draft") in 1995 and 1996, and was a member of the German delegation to the United Nations Diplomatic Conference for negotiations on the structure of the International Criminal Court.
 They are Master of Comparative Jurisprudence (M.C.J.) from New York University and Dr. iuris utriusque (Dr.iur.utr.) from the University of Würzburg (doctor of both civil and canon law).  They are honorary doctor of the Jagiellonian University of Cracow (1991), of the Universidad Peruana Los Andes of Huancayo (1996), and of Waseda University of Tokyo (2001), has received the university medal of the Warsaw University (2000), is honorary member of the Hungarian Academy of Science of Budapest (1993) and the Japanese Society for Criminal Law (1992).
External links
Homepage of Albin Eser at the Max Planck Institute for Criminal Law
20th-century German judges
1935 births
Living people
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia judges
German judges of United Nations courts and tribunals
Marco Antonio Farfan (born November 12, 1998) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a left-back for Major League Soccer club FC Dallas. In 2017, they were named in the USL 20 Under 20, highlighting the league's 20 best players under 20 years old.
Career
Farfan joined Portland Timbers academy in 2013 and later signed with the club's United Soccer League affiliate Portland Timbers 2 (T2) at the beginning of their 2016 season.
After one season in USL and while still in high school, Farfan moved to the Portland Timbers first team for the 2017 season. On March 12, 2017, they became the first true homegrown and youngest ever player (at age 18 years, 120 days) to start a game for the Portland Timbers. That season they played in six MLS games (five starts) and started one U.S. Open Cup game and earned an MLS Team of the Week honor in April. In 2018, they were loaned to T2, an arrangement that allows them to play for both that team and the first team.
On December 13, 2020, Farfan was traded to Los Angeles FC in exchange for $300,000 in general allocation money.
On February 10, 2022, Farfan was traded to FC Dallas in exchange for Dallas defender Ryan Hollingshead.
Personal life
Farfan was born in Portland, Oregon, and is of Mexican descent. Their brother Roberto Farfan played soccer for Oregon State University and the Timbers U23 team.
Career statistics
Club
Honors
Portland Timbers
MLS is Back Tournament: 2020
References
External links
T2 bio
1998 births
Living people
American soccer players
United States men's youth international soccer players
American people of Mexican descent
Homegrown Players (MLS)
Portland Timbers 2 players
Portland Timbers players
Los Angeles FC players
FC Dallas players
Association football defenders
Soccer players from Portland, Oregon
USL Championship players
Major League Soccer players
United States men's under-23 international soccer players
Frédéric Lepied (born 1967) is a French computer engineer, and was the CTO of Mandriva until January 2006.
Biography
Born in 1967, Frédéric Lepied took an early interest in computer science and was educated at the Bréguet school in Noisy-le-Grand, France.
In 1999, they joined the Mandrakesoft Research and Development team. They were known as the author of rpmlint, an RPM packages checker (similar to Debian's lintian program), and the maintainer of several core packages, including XFree86 and the initscripts. At that time they wrote an O'Reilly book on CVS (2000) and maintained the wacom tablet driver in XFree86 and in X.Org (2001). They then spent one year in Canada in the Mandrakesoft Montreal office, and became Mandrakesoft CTO when they came back to France in 2002.
Frédéric Lepied left Mandriva on February 3, 2006. They then joined Intel Corporation to manage Software manufacturers relationships. Late 2008, they joined Split Desktop Systems an innovative hardware company, as chief of strategy. In 2013, they became VP Software Engineering at eNovance before joining Red Hat in 2015.
References
Sources
1967 births
Living people
French computer scientists
Free software programmers
French computer programmers
French businesspeople
Mandriva Linux
Debian people
Intel people
Red Hat people
Red Hat employees
Emacs
Events from the year 1834 in France.
Incumbents
Monarch – Louis Philippe I
Events
26 February - Treaty of Desmichels signed between Abd-el-Kader and France, recognising them as the independent sovereign ruler of the province of Oran in Algeria.
21 June - Legislative election held for the third legislature of the July Monarchy.
Births
1 January - Ludovic Halévy, author and playwright (died 1908).
9 April - Edmond Laguerre, mathematician (died 1886).
18 May - Auguste-Théodore-Paul de Broglie, professor of apologetics (died 1895).
19 July - Edgar Degas, artist (died 1917).
2 August - Frédéric Bartholdi, sculptor, designer of the Statue of Liberty (died 1904).
30 September - Louis Pierre Mouillard, engineer (died 1897).
16 December - Léon Walras, economist (died 1910).
28 December - Pierre Jean Marie Delavay, missionary, explorer and botanist (died 1895).
Deaths
20 May - Gilbert du Motier, marquis de La Fayette, military officer and former aristocrat (born 1757).
14 July - Edmond-Charles Genêt, ambassador to the United States during the French Revolution (born 1763).
7 August - Joseph Marie Jacquard, silk weaver and inventor (born 1752).
8 October - François-Adrien Boieldieu, composer (born 1775).
References
1830s in France
The Men's 50 metre backstroke competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships was held on 24 and 25 June 2022.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were started on 24 June at 09:23.
Semifinals
The semifinals were started on 24 June at 19:09.
Final
The final was held on 25 June at 18:02.
References
Men's 50 metre backstroke
The buff-rumped woodpecker (Meiglyptes tristis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae.
It is found in southern Myanmar, Thailand, Malaya, Java, Sumatra and Borneo.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests and subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The buff-rumped woodpecker was described by the American naturalist Thomas Horsfield in 1821 under the binomial name Picus tristis from a specimen collected in Java. The specific epithet tristis is Latin for "sad" or "gloomy". The species is now placed in the genus Meiglyptes that was introduced by the English naturalist William John Swainson in 1837.
Two subspecies are recognised:
M. t. grammithorax (Malherbe, 1862) – Malay Peninsula, Sumatra, Borneo and nearby islands
M. t. tristis (Horsfield, 1821) – Java
Some authorities treat the two subspecies as separate species with M. grammithorax as the buff-rumped woodpecker and M. tristis as the white-rumped woodpecker.
References
External links
Image at ADW
buff-rumped woodpecker
Birds of Malesia
buff-rumped woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
A is an electric device that warms and dries a Japanese futon by forcing warm air through it.
Mechanism
A futon dryer works by drawing in air with an electric fan and heating it, and then forcing it into a large cloth pouch. The pouch is usually inserted between the futon mattress and comforter, and hot air is forced through it for about an hour to dry the futon.
Futon dryers run on a timer, and when the timer reaches zero, cold air is blown before the unit shuts off. A futon drier uses about 600 watts of electricity, about the same as a hair dryer.
Purpose
A futon must be kept dry because human sweat and body heat create a warm, moist environment which is amenable to mites. Traditionally futon are kept dry by hanging them out on a balcony in the sun to dry in the open air, but some people are too busy to do this since they must be hung during daylight hours and brought in before sunset, when the temperature drops and moisture condenses inside the futon. Finding time to hang a futon may also be difficult during the rainy season in Japan, since there are few sunny days and there are frequent and sudden periods of rain so a futon dryer can fulfill the function of keeping the futon dry and keeping the level of mites living in the futon down without needing to hang it out.
Many dryers also have attachments for drying shoes or boots, or air pouches which can be folded to dry clothes in place of a clothes dryer. The dryer can be run for under an hour to warm the futon without completely drying it, or over an hour to reduce the population of mites.
References
Home appliances
Mattresses
Bedding
Japanese home
Laundry drying equipment
Heating
Alois Jagodic (born 24 March 1946) is an Austrian footballer. They played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1971. They won the Austrian Cup with the club Rapid Vienna. He's also worked as a manager for SK Kühnsdorf. They made their debut on 11 July 1971 against Brazil (1-1).
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Cohasset is a house in northeastern Hampton County, South Carolina about north of Hampton, South Carolina near the unincorporated community of Crocketville. It was built about 1873. It is north of U.S. Route 601. It was named to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24, 1986.
History
The house was built by William James Gooding in northern Beaufort District prior to the formation of Hampton County. Gooding was a farmer and also held a number of political offices including a representative from Beaufort District to the South Carolina General Assembly, sheriff of Beaufort District, treasurer of Beaufort County, and treasurer of Hampton County. In 1879 by the end of Reconstruction and the slave labor system, they had under cultivation out of . They grew cotton, corn, sweet potatoes, oats, rice, and sugar cane. Tenants also cultivated some of their land.
Architecture
It is a two-story weatherboarded Carolina I-house with a side-gabled roof. It was built from pine grown on the farm and sawed in Gooding's sawmill. The house has a raised basement with brick foundation in common bond with Flemish bond stenciling. It has two interior, corbeled chimneys. A one-story, shed roof porch extends across the front facade. The porch has six solid posts and a railing with turned balusters.
The front elevation has five bays with the center door with sidelights and two six over six lights on each side. The second story has five six over six lights. The center window has sidelights. There are louvered shutters on the windows of the first and second floors. The raised basement has a center door with sidelights and four over four lights aligned with those on the main level. These windows have battened shutters.
There is a one-story gable-roofed appendage perpendicular to the left elevation at the basement level that serves as the kitchen. On the rear elevation at the main level, there is a one-story, shed roof appendage with a center porch flanked by enclosed rooms.
The interior plan is one room deep, two rooms wide characteristic of an I-house. The two rooms on the first floor are on either side of a central hall. There are two small service rooms behind the main rooms. The basement has brick paver flooring and low ceilings. The two rooms on this level are the dining room and a quilting room. They have plain mantels and horizontal flushboard paneling. The second floor has a small room opposite the central window.
The house is an excellent example of a 19th-century Carolina I-house. Additional pictures and a sketch of the first floor plan are available. There is also a picture of a surviving tenant house.
References
Historic American Buildings Survey in South Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in South Carolina
Houses completed in 1873
Houses in Hampton County, South Carolina
I-houses in South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Hampton County, South Carolina
Rancho Potrero de San Francisco or Rancho Potrero Nuevo was approximately Mexican land grant in the present day Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California.
The rancho included the land from the bay at Point San Quentin, (later called Potrero Point) between Mission Creek to the north and Islais Creek and its tributary Precita Creek to the south, including Potrero Hill and land sloping down to the west of it to its boundary with Rancho Rincon de las Salinas y Potrero Viejo between Mission and Precita Creeks.
History
The De Haro's claimed it was given in 1841 by Governor Juan Alvarado to Francisco and Ramón de Haro, sons of Francisco de Haro, the first alcalde of Yerba Buena. Francisco and Ramon de Haro, along with their uncle Jose de los Reyes Berreyesa, were shot dead by Kit Carson in San Rafael at the order of U.S. Army Major John C. Fremont during the Mexican–American War in 1846. Ownership of the rancho went to their father who died in November 1849.
As early as mid 1849, John Townsend and Cornelius de Boom had lots surveyed on the de Haro's Potrero Nuevo ranch, on the Potrero Nuevo peninsula, on the south shore of Mission Bay. Despite the locations sloping ground, good water, and secure anchorage their attempt at settlement was unsuccessful due to the remoteness of the site from the city. Uncertainties involving the Haro family's claims to the land continued and squatters took up residence.
The claim of the remaining de Haro family, was at first confirmed by the land commission but was subsequently rejected by the U.S. District Court on proof that the grants were fraudulent. There was a genuine license to occupy, the regular grant had been withheld because the mission ejidos might include this land, followed by occupation by the family. On that basis the Haro lawyers attempted to get their claim confirmed by the Supreme Court in 1866. It was not until 1867 that the claim of the de Haro's to Potrero Nuevo was finally denied, with the ruling that they held only a license to run cattle on the land but had no actual title to it.
After this decision lessees under the Haro title refused to pay rent, claiming ownership as squatters or as settlers on government land, or city lands by the Van Ness Ordinance and acts of Congress. Owners under the Haro title claimed the land on the same grounds as their opponents, having been themselves the occupants, squatters, or settlers through their lessees. There followed a series of suits where those with the Haro title were defeated in 1878.
See also
List of ranchos of California
References
External links
Diseño del Potrero de San Francisco, Calif. at The Bancroft Library
1857 Coastal Survey Map showing Mission Bay and surroundsn including the Rancho Potrero Nuevo, with additions to 1852 map to up to 1857 About Mission Bay/Mission Creek from sfsailtours.com accessed March 29, 2015.
Rancho Potrero de San Francisco
Potrero de San Francisco
Potrero Hill, San Francisco
Potrero de San Francisco
Potrero de San Francisco
19th century in San Francisco
Monroe is a surname of Scottish origin, also spelled Munro. Notable people with the surname include:
Alan H. Monroe (1903–1975), professor, creator of Monroe's motivated sequence
Alexander W. Monroe (1817–1905), American politician and Confederate States Army officer
Bill Monroe (1911–1996), American musician
Burt Monroe (1930–1994), American ornithologist
Christopher Monroe (born 1965), American physicist
Craig Monroe (born 1977), American MLB baseball player
Darryl Monroe (born 1986), American basketball player in the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Earl Monroe (born 1944), American Hall of Fame basketball player
Greg Monroe (born 1990) American professional basketball player*
Jack Monroe (disambiguation) Disambiguation
James Monroe (1758–1831), the 5th U.S. president, in office from 1817 to 1825
James Monroe (1799–1870), member of the U.S. House of Representatives and nephew of President Monroe
James T. Monroe, professor of Arabic and comparative literature
Jordan Monroe (born 1986), American glamour model
Kristen Monroe (born 1946), American professor of political science
Larry Monroe (baseball) (born 1956), American MLB pitcher
Larry Monroe (radio personality) (1942–1914), American radio host in Austin, Texas
Lucy Monroe (1906–1987), American singer
Maika Monroe (born 1993), American actor and professional kiteboarder
Marilyn Monroe (1926–1962), American actor, singer and model
Mircea Monroe (born 1982), American actor
Nicholas Monroe (born 1982), American tennis player
Robert Monroe (1915–1995), author, founder of the Monroe Institute
Rodney Monroe (born 1968) American basketball player
Rodrick Monroe (born 1976), American football player
Tom Monroe (1919-1993), American actor
Vaughn Monroe (1911–1973), American baritone singer, trumpeter and big band leader
Fictional characters
Aaron Monroe (Charlie Wernham) from the BBC soap opera EastEnders
Alison "Sonny" Monroe (Demi Lovato) from the Disney comedy series Sonny with a Chance (2009–2011)
Andrew Monroe (Colin Tarrant), police officer in British television series The Bill
Adam Monroe (David Anders) from the NBC drama series Heroes (2006–2010)
Dana Monroe (Barbara Smith) from the BBC soap opera EastEnders
Dr Gabriel Monroe (James Nesbitt) title character in the ITV drama series Monroe (2011–2012)
Grace Monroe, the main protagonist in Book Three (and a minor antagonist in Book Two) of the animated anthology series Infinity Train (2020)
Harvey Monroe (Ross Boatman), from the BBC soap opera EastEnders
Dr Marvin Monroe (voiced by Harry Shearer) of the Fox cartoon The Simpsons (1989–present)
Mina Monroe (voiced by Kari Wahlgren) of the Warner Bros. cartoon Bunnicula (2016–2018)
Sebastian Monroe, President of the Monroe Republic in Revolution
Mr. Monroe (Jim J. Bullock) of the Nickelodeon comedy Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide (2004–2007)
See also
Munro (surname)
Clan Munro
References
Surnames of Scottish origin
English-language surnames
George Leo Connor (January 21, 1925 – March 31, 2003) was an American football player for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL) from 1948 to 1955. They played offensive tackle on offense, and on defense was recognized as one of the sport's first linebackers.  They are a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame and of the College Football Hall of Fame. They attended both the College of the Holy Cross and the University of Notre Dame. They won the first Outland Trophy as the best college lineman in 1946. Sportswriter Grantland Rice once observed Connor was "the closest thing to a Greek God since Apollo."
Early life and college
Connor was born in Chicago, and was not expected to survive infancy, weighing only three pounds at their premature birth. They played two years of college football at Holy Cross and was a second-team All-America selection by the Associated Press in 1943. They then served in the United States Navy during World War II. After the war, Connor was drafted in the first round, fifth overall by the New York Giants in 1946, but instead transferred to the University of Notre Dame to be closer to their ill father. They were twice a consensus All-American as a tackle for the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team, in 1946 and 1947. They won the first Outland Trophy as the nation's best college interior lineman in 1946. Connor was a key component of Notre Dame's 1946 and 1947 national championship teams, and was the captain of the unbeaten 1947 team.
Professional career
After graduating, Connor received an offer from the Cleveland Browns of the All-America Football Conference, but chose to sign with their hometown Chicago Bears in 1948 for $13,000 a year guaranteed for three years, a high salary at the time for a lineman. They played for the Bears from 1948 through 1955. In eight seasons, they were named a first-team All-Pro five times, and was an invitee to the first four Pro Bowls. At first exclusively a tackle on defense, in a game in 1949 Bears head coach George Halas ordered Connor to stand upright outside the end in an attempt to thwart the running of Philadelphia Eagles halfback Steve Van Buren. The plan worked, as Connor held Van Buren in check and the Bears handed the Eagles their only loss of the season. "We always set high standards for George Connor and they exceeded them," said Halas. They became one of the first big, mobile linebackers in the NFL. Connor retired during training camp in 1956, still bothered by a knee injury sustained in 1954.
Honors and later life
In 1963, Connor was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. They were enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame with the class of 1975.  They are a member of the National Football League 1940s All-Decade Team, selected by the Pro Football Hall of Fame committee in 1969 to honor the best players of the 1940s.
For several years Connor was a color commentator on CBS telecasts of NFL games, often working with lead announcer Jack Drees.
Connor worked as a manufacturers' representative in Chicago after their retirement from the NFL. They died in Evanston, Illinois on March 31, 2003, aged 78 after a long illness.
References
External links
1925 births
2003 deaths
American football linebackers
American football tackles
Chicago Bears announcers
Chicago Bears players
Holy Cross Crusaders football players
National Football League announcers
New York Giants players
Notre Dame Fighting Irish football players
Notre Dame Fighting Irish men's basketball players
All-American college football players
College Football Hall of Fame inductees
Pro Football Hall of Fame inductees
Western Conference Pro Bowl players
College of the Holy Cross alumni
De La Salle Institute alumni
Players of American football from Chicago
American men's basketball players
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Callimetopus zhantievi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Barševskis in 2015. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 2015
Leon Liebgold (July 31, 1910, Kraków – September 3, 1993, New Hope, Pennsylvania) was an actor in the Yiddish theatre and in Yiddish language films, both in their native Poland and later in the United States, to which they emigrated. Liebgold is best known for their roles in The Dybbuk (1937), made in Poland, and Tevya (1939), a U.S. production. They were also featured in the highly successful 1936 film Yidl Mit'n Fidl with Molly Picon.
Liebman began their career as a vaudeville performer and actor on stages in Poland. They married their frequent co-star, (1913-1989), also rendered in English as "Lily" or "Lilly," in 1935. After completing The Dybbuk, Liebgold and Liliana left Poland with their troupe, "Di Yidishe Bande," for a world tour, appearing in Lithuania, Latvia, Belgium, and France. In 1939, when World War II broke out, they were in the United States, thus fortuitously escaping the Holocaust.
Liebgold served in the United States Army as a sergeant during World War II, and then performed as a stage actor in Yiddish theaters in America for decades, including the Folksbiene Theater. They and Liliana also toured South America in the 1950s. In the late 1970s, they served as president of the Hebrew Actors' Union in Manhattan, New York.
Liebgold possessed both a resonant and fine melodic, cantorial-type voice which embellished both theirs speaking and singing on stage.
Liebgold died in 1993 at age 83. They and Liliana, married nearly 60 years until they predeceased them in 1989, are buried together at Mount Hebron Cemetery, in Queens, New York.
References
American male film actors
Yiddish theatre performers
American people of Polish-Jewish descent
Jewish American male actors
1910 births
1993 deaths
Yiddish film actors
20th-century American male actors
20th-century American Jews
Polish emigrants to the United States
This is a list of members of the South Australian House of Assembly from 1896 to 1899, as elected at the 1896 colonial election:
Gumeracha NDL MHA Charles Willcox resigned on 18 June 1896 following concerns about their status as a government contractor. They were declared by the Court of Disputed Returns to have been incapable of being elected on 19 June. William Richard Randell, who Willcox had defeated at the 1896 election, won the resulting by-election on 10 July.
Stanley MHA Peter Paul Gillen died on 22 September 1896. William Patrick Cummins won the resulting by-election on 17 October.
North Adelaide NDL MHA Arthur Harrold resigned on 2 April 1897. NDL candidate Paddy Glynn won the resulting by-election on 22 May.
Albert NDL MHA George Ash died on 23 February 1897. Archibald Peake won the resulting by-election on 22 May, but was unseated by the Court of Disputed Returns on 3 July following allegations of electoral irregularities in the booth at Holder. Peake won a second by-election on 31 July.
North Adelaide MHA Richard Wood was expelled from the Labor Party in November 1897 and served out their term as an independent.
East Adelaide Labor MHA John McPherson died on 13 December 1897. Labor candidate James Hutchison won the resulting by-election on 22 January 1898.
Mount Barker MHA John Cockburn resigned on 20 April 1898. Charles Dumas won the resulting by-election on 14 May.
References
External links
History of South Australian elections 1857–2006, volume 1: ECSA
Members of South Australian parliaments by term
19th-century Australian politicians
Incheh Shahbaz (, also Romanized as Īncheh Shāhbāz) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 110, in 28 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
In 2001, the Institute of Archaeology of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences organized a poll for China's 100 major archaeological discoveries in the 20th century (). The participants included eight national-level institutions for archaeology and cultural relics, provincial-level archaeological institutes from 28 provinces, municipalities, and autonomous regions, as well as from Hong Kong, the archaeological departments of 11 major national universities, and many other scholars in Beijing. After three months and three rounds of voting, the results were announced on 29 March 2001 and were published in the journal Kaogu (Archaeology). In 2002, the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences Press published the book China's 100 Major Archaeological Discoveries in the 20th Century (二十世纪中国百项考古大发现), with more than 500 pages and 1,512 pictures.
Among all the candidates, the late-Shang dynasty capital Yinxu received the highest number of votes. Other sites that received high votes include Zhoukoudian, Banpo, Erlitou, Sanxingdui, Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor and the Terracotta Army, Han dynasty Chang'an, Juyan Han ruins, the Yungang Grottoes, the Longmen Grottoes, the Dunhuang Grottoes, Luoyang of Sui–Tang dynasties, and the Dingling mausoleum.
Of the 100 discoveries selected, 51% were made by scientific initiative, whereas 31% were made accidentally and 10% were rescue archaeology. More than half of the academic discoveries were made in the Yellow River region, reflecting the traditional view, held by most archaeologists until the 1980s, that the Chinese civilization originated there. By contrast, other regions such as the Yangtze River valley accounted for two thirds of the accidental discoveries, typically found during construction.
List by chronology
The 100 major archaeological discoveries selected include 7 discoveries from the Palaeolithic Age, 30 from the Neolithic Age, 23 from the Xia–Shang–Zhou era, 24 from the Qin and Han to the Northern and Southern dynasties, and 16 from the Sui–Tang and later dynasties. The list below is ordered chronologically, from the oldest to the most recent.
Palaeolithic Age
1. Zhoukoudian, the Peking Man, and the Upper Cave Man in Beijing
2. Yuanmou Man in Yunnan
3. Lantian Man in Shaanxi
4. Jinniushan and the Jinniushan Man in Yingkou, Liaoning
5. Maba Man, Qujiang, Guangdong
6. Nihewan site cluster in Yangyuan, Hebei
7. Dingcun in Xiangfen, Shanxi
Neolithic Age
8. Xianren Cave and Diaotonghuan in Wannian, Jiangxi
9. Yuchanyan in Dao County, Hunan
10. Peiligang in Xinzheng, Henan
11. Jiahu in Wuyang County, Henan
12. Dadiwan in Qin'an, Gansu
13. Chengtoushan in Li County, Hunan
14. Xinglongwa in Chifeng, Liaoning
15. Yangshao in Mianchi, Henan
16. Banpo in Xi'an, Shaanxi
17. Jiangzhai in Lintong, Shaanxi
18. Hemudu in Yuyao, Zhejiang
19. Dawenkou in Tai'an, Shandong
20. Daxi in Wushan County, Chongqing
21. Qujialing in Jingshan County, Hubei
22. Hougang in Anyang, Henan
23. Miaodigou in Shanzhou, Henan
24. Wangchenggang Longshan culture site in Dengfeng, Henan
25. Songze in Shanghai
26. Chengziya Longshan culture site in Zhangqiu, Shandong
27. Liangzhu culture sites in Yuhang, Zhejiang
28. Shijiahe culture sites in Tianmen, Hubei
29. Majiayao culture sites in Lintao, Gansu
30. Liuwan cemeteries (Neolithic to Bronze Age) in Ledu, Qinghai
31. Hongshan culture sites in Lingyuan and Jianping County, Liaoning
32. Karuo culture sites in Chamdo, Tibet
33. Shixia culture sites in Qujiang, Guangdong
34. Taosi Longshan culture site in Xiangfen, Shanxi
35. Tung Wan Tsai North in Ma Wan, Hong Kong
36. Yuanshan in Taipei, Taiwan
Xia, Shang, and Zhou
37. Qijiaping Qijia culture site in Guanghe County, Gansu
38. Erlitou site in Yanshi, Henan
39. Dongxiafeng Erlitou culture site in Xia County, Shanxi
40. Xiajiadian early Bronze Age site in Chifeng, Inner Mongolia
41. Dadianzi Lower Xiajiadian culture site in Aohan Banner, Inner Mongolia
42. Yanshi Shang City in Yanshi, Henan
43. Zhengzhou Shang City in Zhengzhou, Henan
44. Panlongcheng, Shang dynasty city in Huangpi, Hubei
45. Yinxu, late-Shang dynasty capital in Anyang, Henan
46. Wucheng culture site in Zhangshu, Jiangxi
47. Xingan late-Shang tomb in Xingan, Jiangxi
48. Sanxingdui in Guanghan, Sichuan
49. Zhouyuan Western Zhou site in Shaanxi
50. Fenghao, capital of Western Zhou in Shaanxi
51. Liulihe site, Yan state capital and cemetery in Beijing
52. Jin state cemetery in Quwo, Shanxi
53. Shangyang city, capital of Guo and cemetery in Sanmenxia, Henan
54. Jin state capital in Houma, Shanxi
55. Zheng–Han City in Xinzheng, Henan
56. Lower Capital of Yan in Yi County, Hebei
57. Tomb of Marquis Yi of Zeng, Sui County, Hubei
58. Jinancheng, capital of Chu in Jiangling County, Hubei
59. Tomb of King Cuo of Zhongshan in Pingshan County, Hebei
60. Tonglüshan mining site, Hubei
Qin, Han, Wei, Jin, and Northern and Southern Dynasties
61. Qin capital Xianyang and palaces, Shaanxi
62. Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor and the Terracotta Army, Lintong, Shaanxi
63. Shuihudi and Longgang Qin tombs, Yunmeng, Hubei
64. Chang'an of Han dynasty, Xi'an, Shaanxi
65. Western Han imperial mausoleums, Shaanxi
66. Mancheng Han tombs, Hebei
67. Mausoleums of Han dynasty Kings of Chu, Xuzhou, Jiangsu
68. Mawangdui Han tombs, Hunan
69. Mausoleum of the Nanyue King, Guangzhou, Guangdong
70. Yinqueshan Han tombs, Linyi, Shandong
71. Shaogou Han tombs, Luoyang, Henan
72. Shizhaishan cemetery for the kings and nobles of Dian, Jinning, Yunnan
73. Juyan Han ruins and slips, Inner Mongolia
74. Han–Wei Luoyang, Luoyang, Henan
75. Capital of the Loulan Kingdom, Xinjiang
76. Niya in Minfeng County, Xinjiang
77. Yecheng, Linzhang, Hebei
78. Zoumalou bamboo slips, Changsha, Hunan
79. Southern dynasties tombs in Nanjing, Jiangsu
80. Yungang Grottoes, Datong, Shanxi
81. Longmen Grottoes, Luoyang, Henan
82. Koguryo tombs in Ji'an, Jilin
83. Mogao Caves, Dunhuang, Gansu
84. Longxing Temple hoard of Buddhist statues, Qingzhou, Shandong
Sui, Tang, and later dynasties
85. Daxing–Chang'an City, capital of the Sui and Tang dynasties, Xi'an, Shaanxi
86. Sui–Tang Luoyang and Song dynasty government sites, Luoyang, Henan
87. Yu Hong tomb of the Sui dynasty, Taiyuan, Shanxi
88. Subsidiary tombs of Tang dynasty imperial mausoleums, Shaanxi
89. Famen Temple pagoda base, Fufeng, Shaanxi
90. Astana Cemetery and documents, Turpan, Xinjiang
91. Shangjing Longquanfu, Ning'an, Heilongjiang
92. Two imperial mausoleums of the Southern Tang dynasty, Nanjing, Jiangsu
93. Tomb of the Liao dynasty Princess of Chen, Naiman Banner, Inner Mongolia
94. Baisha Song tombs, Yu County, Henan
95. Western Xia mausoleums, Yinchuan, Ningxia
96. Longquan Kiln of the Southern Song dynasty, Zhejiang
97. Yaozhou Kiln, Tongchuan, Shaanxi
98. Capital of the Guge Kingdom, Tibet
99. Dadu, capital of the Yuan dynasty, Beijing
100. Dingling mausoleum, Beijing
See also
National archaeological park of China
References
20th-century archaeological discoveries
Archaeological sites in China
20th century in China
2001 in China
The yellow-crested woodpecker (Chloropicus xantholophus), also known as the golden-crowned woodpecker, is a species of bird in the family Picidae. Some taxonomic authorities place this species in Dendropicos. Its typical habitat is wet tropical forest and it is found in Angola, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Kenya, Nigeria, South Sudan, Tanzania and Uganda.
Description
The yellow-crested woodpecker grows to a length of . The male has a small golden patch with black flecking on the crown, most noticeable in display, but the female lacks this. In other respects, the sexes are similar, the forehead being brown and the cheeks and throat whitish; there is a broad black streak through the eye which extends to the sides of the neck. The nape is black and the upper parts of the body are dull brownish-olive, usually plain but sometimes slightly barred. The rump and upper tail coverts are yellowish and the tail chocolate-brown. The underparts are brown with white spotting on the breast and white barring on the flanks and lower belly. The beak is long, the upper mandible being darker than the lower one, the iris is dark red and the legs and feet are olive-grey. Juveniles are somewhat drabber, with fewer spots but more barring, and both sexes have some yellow tipped feathers in the crown.
Distribution and habitat
The yellow-crested woodpecker occurs in equatorial Central and Western Africa. Its range extends from western Kenya to Nigeria and southwestern Cameroon, and southward to northwestern Angola. Its altitudinal range is from . Its habitat is dense primary or secondary rainforest, as well as drier forests, forest edges, and plantations of cocoa or coffee where there are some remaining large trees.
Ecology
Both male and female yellow-crested woodpeckers resort frequently to drumming; they produce loud rolls which start slowly, accelerate and finally fade away. This bird is also rather vocal, producing a range of chattering calls and various series of notes. It feeds on insects in the middle and upper parts of the canopy, chiselling into wood to find beetle larvae, levering off bark, and sometimes sallying to catch flying insects. The breeding habits of this species are poorly known, but it probably nests between September and March in Cameroon, Kenya and Uganda, and between June and September in Angola.
Status
This woodpecker has an extremely wide range with a total area of occupancy of nearly . The population is believed to be stable and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of the least concern.
References
yellow-crested woodpecker
Birds of Central Africa
yellow-crested woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
AAA vs. Elite (stylized as AAA vs. ELITE) was a major professional wrestling event produced and scripted by the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA) and Lucha Libre Elite. It took place on July 21, 2018 in the Gimnasio Olímpico Juan de la Barrera in Mexico City, Mexico.
Production
Background
On June 26, 2018 it was announced that the Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide and Lucha Libre Elite had reached an agreement to hold events of wrestling in June 2018. In addition, fans were invited to attend dressed in red in case of supporting the fighters of AAA and blue if they are on the side of ELITE.
Storylines
The event will feature six professional wrestling matches with different wrestlers involved in pre-existing, scripted feuds, plots, and storylines. Wrestlers portray as either heels (referred to as rudos in Mexico, those that portray the "bad guys") or faces (técnicos in Mexico, the "good guy" characters) as they followed a series of tension-building events, which culminate in a wrestling match or series of matches.
Matches
See also
2018 in professional wrestling
References
2018 in professional wrestling
2018 in Mexico
Events in Mexico City
July 2018 events in Mexico
Professional wrestling joint events
The Baniaka River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ogooué.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Perusset André. 1983. Oro-Hydrographie (Le Relief) in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 10–13. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
Jonathan Tanner Miller (born March 14, 1993) is an American professional ice hockey forward and alternate captain for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). They have previously played for the New York Rangers and Tampa Bay Lightning. They were selected by the Rangers in the first-round, 15th overall at the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. A versatile forward, Miller can play as a center or winger.
Early life
Miller grew up in a residential area in East Palestine, Ohio, blocks away from the East Palestine City School District campus, attending through grades kindergarten through 10th. They began playing ice hockey at a young age and also participated in other organized athletics, including baseball and football. Miller played for some ice hockey teams from the age of five through 12 before ending up with the Pittsburgh Hornets from age 12 to age 16, as at the time their family was living in the Pittsburgh suburb of Coraopolis. Miller played in the 2006 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with the Pittsburgh Hornets minor ice hockey team. In 2009, Miller moved to Ann Arbor, Michigan, to participate in USA Hockey's two-year National Team Development Program (U.S. NTDP).
Playing career
Amateur
Miller began 2009–10 with the U.S. NTDP of the United States Hockey League (USHL). After two seasons playing in the program, they were selected in the first round, 15th overall, of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft by the New York Rangers.
For the 2011–12 season, Miller transitioned to major junior ice hockey, joining the Plymouth Whalers of the Ontario Hockey League (OHL). Towards the latter stage of the season, they then joined the Connecticut Whale, the Rangers' American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate, for their run in the 2012 Calder Cup playoffs. They registered one assist in eight playoff games, and after Connecticut was eliminated, Miller was added to the Rangers' Stanley Cup playoff roster.
Professional
New York Rangers
Miller joined the Rangers organization for the 2012–13 season. After beginning the season with the Connecticut Whale of the AHL, Miller was recalled by the Rangers on February 5. On February 7, they recorded their first two career NHL goals, against Evgeni Nabokov of the New York Islanders in a 4–1 win. After the Whale season concluded, Miller was added to the Rangers' 2013 playoff roster, but did not play in a game.
Miller wore #47 during the 2012–13 season, but switched to #10 for the 2013–14 season. Miller split time between the Rangers and the Hartford Wolf Pack during the season, but did not play with the Rangers during their run to the 2014 Stanley Cup Finals.
Miller finally secured a full-time roster spot with the Rangers during the 2014–15 season, scoring 10 goals and 13 assists in 58 games. Miller agreed to a one-year contract extension on July 15.
Miller had a breakout season in 2015–16, scoring 22 goals and 21 assists, at times finding themselves on the Rangers top line with Derek Stepan and Mats Zuccarello. After the season, Miller signed a new two-year, $5.5 million contract with New York.
Miller set even higher marks during the 2016–17 season. Despite finishing with the same goal total of 22, they recorded 34 assists for a career-high 56 points.
During the 2018 NHL Winter Classic, Miller scored the overtime-winning goal in a 3–2 win over the Buffalo Sabres at Citi Field in Queens, New York.
Tampa Bay Lightning
On February 26, 2018, Miller was traded (along with Ryan McDonagh) to the Tampa Bay Lightning in exchange for Libor Hájek, Brett Howden, Vladislav Namestnikov, a first-round pick in the 2018 NHL Entry Draft and a conditional second-round pick in the 2019 NHL Entry Draft.
On March 13, 2018, in a 7–4 Lightning loss to the Ottawa Senators, Miller scored their first career NHL hat-trick. On June 26, 2018, Miller signed a five-year, $26.25 million contract with the Lightning.
Vancouver Canucks
On June 22, 2019, on the second day of the 2019 NHL Entry Draft, Miller was traded to the Vancouver Canucks in exchange for Marek Mazanec, a third-round pick in the 2019 Draft and a conditional first-round pick in the 2020 NHL Entry Draft. On October 28, during a 7–2 win over the Florida Panthers, Miller scored their 100th career goal. That season, Miller would achieve the greatest all-around season of their career up until that point. In their first season with the Canucks, Miller would either tie for the lead, or outright lead the team in goals (27), assists (45) and points (72) during the regular season, as well as tie for the playoff points lead (18).
On September 2, 2022, Miller signed a seven-year, $56 million contract extension with the Canucks.
International play
Miller represented the United States junior team at the 2012 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, where they played in six games, scoring two goals and two assists.
Miller was also selected to represent the United States at the 2013 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, where they led the team with seven assists and tied for the team lead with nine points, winning a gold medal in the process.
Miller represented Team North America, a team consisting of players age 23 and under, in the 2016 World Cup of Hockey, but only appeared in one game.
Personal life
Miller and their wife Natalie have two daughters; Scotlyn born in 2018, and Scarlett born in 2019 as well as a son, Owen Edward born September 1, 2022.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
American expatriate ice hockey players in Canada
American men's ice hockey centers
Connecticut Whale (AHL) players
Hartford Wolf Pack players
Ice hockey players from Ohio
Ice hockey players from Pennsylvania
National Hockey League first round draft picks
New York Rangers draft picks
New York Rangers players
People from East Palestine, Ohio
People from Coraopolis, Pennsylvania
Plymouth Whalers players
Tampa Bay Lightning players
USA Hockey National Team Development Program players
Vancouver Canucks players
Sportspeople from the Pittsburgh metropolitan area
Eugen von Bamberger (5 September 1858 – October 1921) was an Austrian internist born in Würzburg, Germany. They were the son of pathologist Heinrich von Bamberger (1822–1888).
They studied medicine at the Universities of Vienna and Würzburg, receiving their doctorate in 1882. Afterwards they worked as an assistant to Hermann Nothnagel (1841–1905) at the Allgemeines Krankenhaus in Vienna. From 1891, they were a director of internal medicine at the Rudolfsspital.
In 1889, they provided a detailed description of a condition that has become known as hypertrophic pulmonary osteoarthropathy. During the following year, French neurologist Pierre Marie (1853–1940) was able to differentiate the syndrome from acromegaly. The term "Bamberger-Marie disease" is sometimes used for hypertrophic pulmonary osteoarthropathy.
Publications
Veränderungen der Röhrenknochen bei Bronchiektasie. Wiener klinische Wochenschrift, 1889, 2: 226.
Über Knochenveränderungen bei chronischen Lungen- und Herzkrankheiten. Zeitschrift für Klinische Medicin, Berlin, 1891, 18: 193-217.
Ein Fall von osteoplastischem Prostatakarzinom. Wiener klinische Wochenschrift, 1899, Nr. 44. (with Richard Paltauf 1858-1924) -- treatise on osteoplastic carcinoma.
Note:  They are not to be confused with German chemist, Eugen Bamberger (1857–1932).
References
External links
Eugen von Bamberger @ Who Named It
Austrian internists
Physicians from Würzburg
1858 births
1921 deaths
Austrian untitled nobility
The 1990 Espirito Santo Trophy took place 18–21 October at Russley Golf Club in Christchurch, New Zealand.
It was the 14th women's golf World Amateur Team Championship for the Espirito Santo Trophy. The tournament was a 72-hole stroke play team event with 26 team entries, each with three players. The best two scores for each round counted towards the team total.
The United States team won the Trophy, defending their title from two years ago and earning the title for the 11th time, beating the hosting country team New Zealand by 12 strokes. New Zealand earned the silver medal while the combined team of Great Britain & Ireland took the bronze on third place another eight strokes back.
Teams
26 teams entered the event and completed the competition. Each team had three players.
Results
Sources:
Individual leaders
There was no official recognition for the lowest individual scores.
References
External links
World Amateur Team Championships on International Golf Federation website
Espirito Santo Trophy
Espirito Santo Trophy
Espirito Santo Trophy
Espirito Santo Trophy
Espirito Santo Trophy
Laskey is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bill Laskey (born 1957), American former professional baseball player
Bill Laskey (American football) (1943–2022), American former football linebacker
Charles Laskey (1908–1998), American ballet dancer, musical theatre performer
Sir Denis Laskey (1916–1987), British ambassador
Michael Laskey (born 1944), English poet and editor
Jack Laskey (born 1982), English actor, son of Michael Laskey
John Laskey Woolcock (1862–1929), barrister and Supreme Court judge in Queensland, Australia
Kathleen Laskey, Canadian actor, primarily associated with television roles
Posteal Laskey, believed to be the Cincinnati Strangler, a serial killer between 1965 and 1966
Ron Laskey (born 1945), British cell biologist and cancer researcher
See also
Laskey, Jaggard and Brown v United Kingdom, case argued before the European Court of Human Rights
Lasky, surname
Lackey (surname)
Laissey
The 2014 Nebelhorn Trophy was a senior international figure skating competition in the 2014–15 season. Part of the 2014–15 ISU Challenger Series, it was held on 24–27 September 2014 at the Eislaufzentrum Oberstdorf. Medals were awarded in men's and ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dance.
Entries
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dance
External links
Entries
2014 Nebelhorn Trophy results
2014 Nebelhorn Trophy at the DEU website
Nebelhorn Trophy
Nebelhorn
Nebelhorn Trophy
Toconce is a volcano in Chile.
Toconce volcano has a central crater and is constructed mainly by andesitic lava flows, which were emplaced during three different stages. The last stage generated the bulk of the volcanic edifice. The volcano was glaciated between 15,000 - 11,000 years ago and this has resulted in glacial erosion and the development of moraines above elevation. The glacial erosion has excavated a number of glacial valleys on the volcano, and hydrothermally altered rocks from inside the edifice have been exposed.
Toconce volcano is constructed atop the Toconce and Sifon ignimbrites. These ignimbrites belong to a dacite-rhyolite ignimbrite sequence which many volcanoes in the Central Andes are constructed on. The ignimbrite sequences together with the stratovolcanoes form the volcanic arc in the Central Andes, which here constitutes the Central Volcanic Zone. The relatively small Tolar ignimbrite was erupted from Toconce volcano, over 1.3 million years ago.
The San Pedro-Linzor chain of volcanoes is a chain of volcanoes of late Pleistocene-Holocene age that is parallel to several other chains of volcanoes in the region but perpendicular to the main volcanic arc. Aside from Toconce, it includes San Pedro, San Pablo, Paniri, Cerro del León and Linzor, covering a length of . One sample from Toconce has been dated to 1.1 ± 0.1 million years before present. These volcanoes are composed by pyroclastics and scoria as well as lava domes and lava flows and are mostly andesitic; however the entire spectrum of lavas from basaltic andesite to dacite can be encountered there.
The rocks at Toconce are formed primarily by plagioclase and glass, with amphibole, biotite, pyroxene and quartz making up the rest. The volcanic sequence belongs to the potassium rich calc-alkaline series. Hydrothermal alteration has given rise to clay, oxidation products and sericite. Obsidian was quarried on the mountain.
References
Sources
Pleistocene stratovolcanoes
Stratovolcanoes of Chile
Charles Rowland Bromley "Rowley" Richards (8 June 1916 – 26 February 2015) was an Australian Army medical officer who, as a prisoner of war during the Second World War, is credited with saving countless lives on the notorious Burma Railway where prisoners suffered and died under inhumane conditions. Journalist Andrew Denton described them as "as good a man as this country has produced".
A graduate of the University of Sydney, Richards became Regimental Medical Officer of the 2/15th Field Regiment in 1940. When Singapore fell on 15 February 1942, they became a prisoner of the Japanese. In September 1944, the transport on which they were being shipped to Japan was attacked and sunk by US submarines. They spent three days on a raft before they were picked up by a Japanese warship, and spent the rest of the war in Sakuta in Japan.
Richards returned to Australia in October 1945, married and established a private practice. They served as chairperson of the St John Ambulance Association, as medical adviser to the Australian Olympic rowing teams, and as honorary medical director of the City to Surf. They published two books about their wartime experiences.
Early life
Charles Rowland Bromley Richards was born in Summer Hill, New South Wales, on 8 June 1916, the son of Charles Howell Richards, a draughtsman who worked for H. E. C. Robinson, which produced the Gregory's street directory, and their wife, Clive (née Bromley), a teacher at the Deaf and Dumb School in Sydney; both parents were deaf. Rowley had a brother, Frank.
Richards was educated at Summer Hill Intermediate High School and Fort Street Boys High School. In 1933 they entered the University of Sydney, where they studied medicine, graduating in 1939. They also served in the Militia with the 1st Artillery Survey Company, reaching the rank of lieutenant on 4 September 1939. They completed their residency at Mater Hospital in North Sydney in 1940.
Second World War
On 27 August 1940, Richards joined the Second Australian Imperial Force (AIF), and was allotted the AIF service number NX70273. They were appointed Regimental Medical Officer of the 2/15th Field Regiment, an artillery unit of the ill-fated 8th Division, on 18 November 1940, and embarked for Singapore with their unit on 29 July 1941. During the Malayan campaign, Richards coordinated the medical care for their unit, which fought gallantly but unsuccessfully to stem the Japanese advance on Singapore. They became a prisoner of war of the Japanese when Singapore fell on 15 February 1942.
Richards was initially held in Changi Prison. On 20 May 1942, they were part of 'A' Force, which sailed to Burma, where the prisoners initially worked on building and improving roads and airstrips. Over time they shifted to working on the notorious Burma Railway. The prisoners suffered from malnutrition, appalling conditions and tropical diseases, particularly cholera, malaria and dengue fever. There were casualties from Allied air attacks on the railway, and from brutal beatings administered by the Japanese and Korean guards. Richards and other medical officers struggled with a lack of supplies. They insisted on the strictest standards of hygiene, and kept a secret diary that they hoped would provide evidence against the Japanese in post-war war crimes trials.
In September 1944, Richards heard a rumour that they were to be transferred to Japan. They gave their diary to a friend, Major J. A. L. Shaw, and buried a summary with the body of Corporal S. R. Gorlick. The rumour was true; they left for Japan with a convoy of five escorts and six ships, including two carrying prisoners, 950 on the , which had been captured by the Japanese and renamed the Kachidoki Maru, and 1,350 on the Rakuyo Maru. Richards travelled on the latter, which also carried senior officers including Brigadier Arthur Varley.
On the night of 11/12 September 1944, the convoy came under attack from an American submarine wolf pack consisting of the , and . They sank two of the escorts, the destroyer Shikinami and the frigate Hirado, and then the transports Rakuyo Maru, Nankai Maru and Kachidoki Maru, and an oil tanker. Kachidoki Maru sank in 20 minutes and most of the men on board had little chance, but none of the prisoners on the Rakuyo Maru were severely injured by the explosions and it took twelve hours to sink. On 15 September, Pampanito returned to the area and found British and Australian survivors. It picked up 73 of them. A call for assistance brought Sealion to the scene, and it collected 54 survivors. Two other submarines were sent to the area and picked up 32 more survivors.
Richards was the only officer on the Rakuyo Maru to survive. After three days in the water they were picked up by a Japanese warship, and was transferred to a whaling mother ship, which Richards took about other 600 prisoners rescued by the Japanese on to Japan. They were one of 261 British and 29 Australians who reached Sakata on 3 October 1944, and became their medical officer. While conditions were grim, they were not as horrific as on the Burma Railway, and a package of Red Cross medical supplies arrived on 1 January 1945. After being in the tropics, the prisoners now had to suffer the harsh Japanese winter, which caused a number of cases of pneumonia.
Released from captivity by the surrender of Japan in August 1945, Rowley returned to Australia in October 1945 on the British aircraft carrier . Shaw returned their diary later that year, having kept it safe in the bottom of a billy. In 1947, the Directorate of Australian War Graves uncovered the buried summary in Gorlick's grave and returned it. As they had hoped, they were used to prosecuting Japanese war criminals. For their services as a prisoner of war, they received a mention in despatches on 6 March 1947. They were awarded the Efficiency Decoration on 17 June 1948.
Later life
Returning to civilian life, Richards became a medical officer at St Vincent's Hospital, Sydney. Here, they met a nurse, Beth McNab. They married in 1947, and had two sons, David and Ian. They subsequently established a successful private practice as a general practitioner and obstetrician. They served as chairperson of the St John Ambulance Association in 1981. They also are involved in sports medicine. They were a medical adviser to the Australian rowing teams at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City and 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, and was honorary medical director of the City to Surf from 1977 to 1998, and later was an honorary medical consultant. They retired in 2000.
Richards became a Member of the Order of the British Empire in the Queen's Birthday Honours on 14 June 1969. They were awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia for their service to the City to Surf in the Queen's Birthday Honours on 13 June 1993, and the Centenary Medal for their service to the St John Ambulance Association on 1 January 2001. For many years, they served as the president of 2/15 Field Regiment Association and the 8th Australian Division Association. They wrote about their wartime experiences in The Survival Factor (1989) and A Doctor's War (2005). In the foreword to the latter, journalist Andrew Denton wrote: "Rowley was as good a man as this country has produced".
Richards died at Manly Hospital on 26 February 2015, and was cremated. They were survived by their son David, their wife Beth and son Ian having predeceased him. Their papers, including the wartime diaries, are in the Australian War Memorial.
Bibliography
Notes
References
External links
1916 births
2015 deaths
Australian Army officers
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Australian military doctors
Australian prisoners of war
Australian Members of the Order of the British Empire
People from Sydney
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
World War II prisoners of war held by Japan
Burma Railway prisoners
The French Nail were locally fabricated and converted bayonets, knives and stabbing weapons for use in the First World War. These were crude stabbing spikes made by adding a point to a steel stake which had its rearmost section heated and bent into a crude handle.
A more elegant form of the weapon was the introduction of the Poignard-Baïonnette Lebel M1886/14. Approved as a standard military infantry weapon after its development by Lt. Col. Coutrot of the French Army, the Poignard-Baïonnette Lebel consisted of a long, needle-pointed, stiletto-profile blade with wood handle and an integrated knuckle guard made of steel. Originally a conversion of the French Épée-Baïonnette Modèle 1886 (bayonet), and designed strictly as an offensive weapon, the Poignard-Baïonnette Lebel used a section of the M1886 Lebel' long, narrow stiletto-type cruciform blade, designed to quickly kill a surprised enemy soldier with a single deep thrust. Up to three trench knives could be constructed from a single M1886 Lebel bayonet.
Because French industry was working under wartime conditions with numerous material shortages, often using subcontracted labor, even officially sanctioned French Army trench knives tend to vary significantly from knife to knife. The need for knives was so great that already-understrength French Army formations were forced to demobilize hundreds of former cutlery workers so that they could return to their former jobs and begin quantity production of trench knives for the armed forces. As the war went on, newer and more versatile blade-type trench knife patterns such as the double-edged dagger Couteau Poignard Mle 1916 (often called Le Vengeur) began to replace the French Nail and earlier stiletto-style trench knives. The French lead in trench knife development was closely followed by the United States, which introduced three successive trench knife models - the M1917, M1918, and Mark I (1918) - all based directly or indirectly upon previous French designs.
References
External links
Images
Daggers
Military knives
World War I infantry weapons
World War I French infantry weapons
Sycacantha pararufata is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is about 24.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is pale brownish rust densely dotted and finely strigulated (finely streaked) with brown. The distal third of the costa is paler and tinged pinkish.
Etymology
The name refers to similarity with Phaecasiophora rufata.
References
Moths described in 2009
Olethreutini
Sycacantha
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Hymenolepis microstoma, also known as the rodent tapeworm, is an intestinal dwelling parasite. Adult worms live in the bile duct and small intestines of mice and rats, and larvae metamorphose in the haemocoel of beetles. It belongs to the genus Hymenolepis; tapeworms that cause hymenolepiasis. H. microstoma is prevalent in rodents worldwide, but rarely infects humans.
Ecology
Hymenolepis microstoma is an obligate parasite. Adults live in the bile duct and small intestine of rodents such as mice (Mus musculus), and larvae infect grain beetles such as Tribolium spp., in which they metamorphose from larvae into juvenile worms. Worms vary from 4 to 30 cm in length, depending on the age and number of worms within the host. Adults have completely lost their mouth and intestine. Instead they use their skin (tegument) to absorb nutrients directly from the host gut.
Hymenolepis species and other tapeworms often exhibit a 'crowding effect' in which the total biomass of the worms stays more or less constant, regardless of the intensity of infection. Thus low intensity infections result in larger worms and high intensity infections produce smaller worms. Under laboratory conditions, H. microstoma adult infections in mice are typically limited to approximately 12 worms.
Life cycle
The cycle begins as arthropods become intermediate hosts by ingesting the parasite eggs. Oncospheral larvae are released from the eggs and use hooks and secreted enzymes to penetrate the gut of the beetles and enter the haemocoel. In the haemocoel the larvae undergo complete cellular reorganization (i.e. metamorphosis), transforming into cysticercoid larvae in approximately 7–10 days. The larvae can remain in the cysticercoid stage in the beetle as long as the lifespan of the adult beetle (up to 3 years), although any age-related decrease in viability has not been studied. When ingested, the eggs develop into cysticercoids. Rodents can become infected when they eat arthropods, such as flour beetles (Tribolium ssp). Humans, especially children, can ingest the arthropods as well and therefore become infected via the same mechanism. Rodents, especially rats, are definitive hosts and natural reservoirs of H. microstoma. As the definitive host (rats) eats an infected arthropod, cysticercoids present in the body cavity transform into the adult worm. Juvenile worms establish in the bile duct of mice after approximately 3 days movement within the upper gastrointestinal tract. Once established in the bile duct, the worms then mature sexually and begin producing eggs within approximately 1 week.
Eggs are released with mouse faeces and thus dispersal is passive - through the movement and defecation of mice. Adult worm infections in mice held under laboratory conditions persist for 6–12 months.
Worms reproduce sexually via the cross fertilization of segments, each of which contains a complete complement of male and female reproductive organs (hermaphroditic). Shelled embryos develop in the ovaries through spiral cleavage, to become infective larvae with 3 pairs of hooks. When ingested by beetles, these larvae use their hooks and secretory glands to penetrate the gut of the beetle and enter the haemocoel where they undergo complete metamorphosis into cysticercoid larvae, replete with an adult scolex, ready for establishment in the final host.
Cytology
Like all flatworms (phylum Platyhelminthes), H. microstoma maintains totipotent stem cells (called neoblasts in flatworms) throughout its life cycle. These are located in the neck region of the adult worms and are responsible for the continual production of new organs during the process of strobilation (segment formation).
Neoblasts divide in the neck region and become incorporated into new segments where they eventually differentiate into the reproductive organs and other elements of the body.
The diploid chromosome number of H. microstoma is 12 and the total genome size has been estimated by the Sanger Institute to be 1.4 megabases (with GC-content of ~35%). These values are similar to the genomes of the fox tapeworm Echinococcus multilocularis and the pig tapeworm Taenia solium. All three species belonging to the tapeworm order Cyclophyllidea. Genome sizes outside of this order are presently unknown.
Evolution
The parasitic flatworms, which includes tapeworms, flukes and monogeneans, evolved from a single major lineage of free-living flatworm ancestors. The switch from a free-living to a parasitic lifestyle in the common ancestor of the parasitic flatworms involved a fundamental change in their tegument, which is found in all contemporary groups.
Early-branching tapeworm groups are found in bony (e.g. teleost) and cartilaginous fishes (e.g. sharks and rays) and have entirely aquatic life cycles involving arthropod (e.g. copepods) first intermediate hosts and vertebrate (fish) final hosts. Tetrapod hosts (including mice and humans) were acquired later in tapeworm evolution and eventually part-aquatic life cycles led to the evolution of fully terrestrial life cycles, albeit still involving an arthropod intermediate host and a vertebrate definitive host.
Hymenolepis microstoma is a member of the Cyclophyllidea, one of the youngest and most species-rich group of tapeworms.
Research impact
Most of our understanding of the basic biology of tapeworms, such as their anatomy, physiology and ultrastructure, stems from work on this genus. Species in the genus Hymenolepis (e.g. H. diminuta, H. microstoma, H. nana) have been maintained as laboratory models for studying tapeworm biology since the 1950s. They can be readily maintained in vivo in rodent and beetle hosts, which makes them useful for teaching and research purposes. They can also be grown in culture (in vitro), giving easy manipulation of the life cycle..
Infection and treatment
Hymenolepis microstoma primarily infects rodents, and is only very rarely found in humans. Human H. microstoma infection is often asymptomatic, but abdominal pain, irritability, itching, and eosinophilia are among the existing symptoms in a few of the reported cases. Since data regarding praziquantel treatment of H. microstoma is sparse, scientists have recommended that every case and treatment of H. microstoma be reported for development of protocols and parasitological purposes.
References
External links
Cestoda
Animals described in 1845
Parasites of rodents
Parasites of insects
The island groups of Orkney, Shetland and the Western Isles are all currently regions of Scotland. Their constitutional status has periodically been discussed, for example during the Scottish independence referendum campaign.
Currently, they are council areas with the same constitutional status as the other 29 local government areas. The three island councils are the only local authorities among the 32 in the country where independent councillors form a majority.
In July 2013, the Scottish Government made the Lerwick Declaration, establishing a ministerial working group to examine decentralising powers to the three island council areas.
History
Orkney and Shetland had from the 10th century been annexed by the Kingdom of Norway, which later entered a personal union with the Kingdom of Denmark. In 1468, Orkney was pledged by the Norwegian king Christian I as security against the payment of the dowry of their daughter Margaret, betrothed to James III of Scotland. The following year they pawned Shetland to the Scottish Crown which has since refused to accept repayment and return it. After the Acts of Union of 1707 Orkney, Shetland and the Western Isles, along with the rest of Scotland, became part of the Kingdom of Great Britain.
Protected constituencies status
Under electoral law the Orkney and Shetland and (The Western Isles) constituencies are "protected constituencies", which means that they have to be both unbroken and not sharing a constituency with any part of the mainland. This status is shared only with the Isle of Wight in England and Ynys Môn (Anglesey) in Wales. Before 2011 the Orkney and Shetland constituency had been unique in having its boundaries protected by legislation.
Island Council resolutions
In a meeting of the island councils in March 2013, leaders of the three local authorities discussed their future in the event of Scottish independence, including whether the islands could demand and achieve autonomous status within either Scotland or the rest of the UK. Among the scenarios proposed were achieving either Crown Dependency status or self-government modelled after the Faroe Islands, in association with either Scotland or the UK. Steven Heddle, Orkney's council leader, described pursuing Crown Dependency status as the least likely option, as it would threaten funding from the EU, which is essential for local farmers. Alasdair Allan, MSP for the Western Isles, said independence could have a positive impact on the isles, as "crofters and farmers could expect a substantial uplift in agricultural and rural development funding via the Common Agricultural Policy if Scotland were an independent member state of the EU".
Lerwick Declaration
In July 2013, the Scottish Government made the Lerwick Declaration, indicating an intention to decentralise power to the three island council areas. In November 2013, the government made a commitment to decentralise further powers to Orkney, Shetland and the Western Isles in the event of independence. Steven Heddle called for legislation to that effect to be introduced regardless of the referendum result.
In 2017 the Scottish Government introduced an Islands bill to make "island proofing" (including for uninhabited islands) a statutory requirement for public bodies. The Bill completed Stage 1 on 8 February 2018.
Referendums
1979 devolution referendum
In the 1979 Scottish devolution referendum, the Orkney and Shetland Islands council areas had the two highest proportions voting against devolution. The Western Isles voted in favour.
1997 devolution referendum
In the 1997 Scottish devolution referendum there were two questions, the first on whether there should be a Scottish Parliament, and the second whether the parliament should have tax raising powers.
On the first question, along with the rest of the country, the electorate in all three areas voted Yes. On the second question Orkney was one of only two areas in Scotland to vote No, Shetland narrowly voted in favour and the Western Isles voted more strongly in favour than the rest of Scotland.
2014 Scottish independence referendum
In the 2014 Scottish independence referendum, people voted on whether they wanted Scotland to become independent from the United Kingdom. Scotland as a whole voted 55.3% against independence. All three islands also voted against, with the Western Isles voting slightly less against independence, and Orkney and Shetland both voting significantly more against independence than the national average.
Proposals for "counter-independence" referendum
Some islanders called for separate referendums to be held in the islands on 25 September 2014, one week after the Scottish referendum. In March 2014, the Scottish Parliament published the online petition it had received calling for such referendums, which was supported by Shetland MSP Tavish Scott. The referendums would ask islanders to choose from three options: that the island group should become an independent country; it should remain in Scotland; or (in the event of Scottish independence) it should remain in the UK.
The third option would implement the conditional promise made in 2012, when an SNP spokesperson said that, in the event of Scottish independence, Orkney and Shetland could remain in the United Kingdom if their "drive for self-determination" was strong enough. Politicians in the three island groups have referred to the Scottish referendum as the most important event in their political history "since the inception of the island councils in 1975." Angus Campbell, leader of the Western Isles Council, said that the ongoing constitutional debate "offers the opportunity for the three island councils to secure increased powers for our communities to take decisions which will benefit the economies and the lives of those who live in the islands".
A report by Tavish Scott and the Orkney MSP Liam McArthur, submitted in response to the UK government's consultation on the independence referendum put forward the idea that the Shetland and Orkney islands could remain a part of the United Kingdom in the event of Scottish independence or potentially pursue independence themselves.
Early in 2013, an opinion poll commissioned by the Press and Journal found only 8% of people in Shetland and Orkney supported the islands themselves becoming fully independent countries and completely separating from Scotland, with 82% against.
The day before the Scottish independence referendum in September 2014, Alistair Carmichael, the MP for Orkney and Shetland, suggested that if Shetland were to vote strongly against independence but the Scottish national vote was narrowly in favour, then a discussion would have to begin about Shetland becoming a self-governing Crown dependency outside of independent Scotland, similar to the Isle of Man. They stated that they did not want such circumstances to arise, "and the best way to avoid this was to vote no in the referendum."
Movements for autonomy
The Orkney and Shetland Movement, a coalition of independence movements in Orkney and Shetland, contested the Orkney and Shetland constituency in the 1987 general election. It saw as its models the Isle of Man and the Faroe Islands, an autonomous dependency of Denmark. The Scottish National Party chose not to contest the seat to give the movement a "free run". Their candidate, John Goodlad, came 4th with 3,095 votes, 14.5% of those cast, and it did not stand in any subsequent election. The Movement took part in the 1989 Scottish Constitutional Convention.
A movement called Wir Shetland was launched in October 2015 to secede from the rest of Scotland in favour of becoming either a Crown Dependency or a British Overseas Territory, as a means of achieving greater autonomy for the Shetland Isles.
In September 2020 the Shetland Islands Council voted in favour of exploring options for "financial and political self-determination", stating that the islands' reliance on Scotland was "seriously threatening the prosperity, and even basic sustainability, of Shetland as a community."
See also
Constitutional status of Cornwall
Devolution in the United Kingdom
Notes
References
2014 Scottish independence referendum
Regionalism (politics) in the United Kingdom
Constitution of the United Kingdom
Politics of Shetland
Politics of Orkney
Politics of the Outer Hebrides
African Para Table Tennis Championships are a biennial sport event for para table tennis players who represent an African country. It was originally called the Africa/Middle East Championships from 1999 to 2005. Players from the Middle East now compete in Asian Para Table Tennis Championships since 2005.
Locations
All-time medal count
As of 2019.
See also
World Para Table Tennis Championships
African Table Tennis Championships
References
Table tennis competitions
Para table tennis
Recurring sporting events established in 1999
Teressa Liane is an Australian actor.  They are known for their roles as Rhiannon Bates in Neighbours, as Mary Louise on The Vampire Diaries, Angelica on Into the Badlands and as Agrippina in the Netflix documentary drama Roman Empire.
Acting career
Teressa Liane debuted on television in 2011 as Tammy Frazer in Australian soap opera Neighbours. They returned to the serial in 2013 in the recurring role of Rhiannon Bates. They went on to star as siphoner and vampire hybrid Mary Louise in The Vampire Diaries on The CW; Angelica on Into the Badlands and Adrianne in the short film Rorrim. In 2019, Liane starred as Agrippina the Younger, Caligula's younger sister in series 3 "Caligula: The Mad Emperor" of the Netflix documentary drama Roman Empire.
Filmography
References
External links
Date of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century Australian actores
Australian film actores
Australian television actores
People from Melbourne
Mount Elvire Station was a pastoral lease and sheep station located approximately south west of Leonora in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.
The explorer John Forrest passed through the area in 1869. Travelling in the area to the north of Mount Elvire, which they named after their wife, they named the nearby Lake Barlee after the Colonial Secretary of Western Australia. The station encompasses a large peninsula of Lake Barlee at its northern boundary.
The first persons to take up the lease were two German brothers named Reimal, . They effected much of the primary fencing and sunk several wells, stocking some 2,000 sheep. They were cricket lovers, and returning from Bullfinch (the nearest town), found all the stock had perished when the main well had become too salty for sheep to drink.
Malcolm Campbell Ross, of Menzies, took up the lease on the station in 1966 but it was never fully stocked or developed. The owners from 1973-77 were the McLaughlin family, who ran 3,500 head of sheep on the lease.
In 1989, an inspector from the Department of Agriculture stumbled across a large cannabis crop at Kalli Station, another sheep station in the Mid West near Cue. Following a police investigation, Operation Cerberus, another crop was found at Gingin and another was planned to be planted at Mount Elvire by the L'Onorata syndicate. As a result, ten men were arrested, including the ringleaders Rocco Versace and Sebastino Pizzata. The head of the operation Bruno "The Fox" Romeo was arrested years later.
The pastoral lease was acquired by the Department of Environment and Conservation in 1991 and is now used as a tourist destination, offering overnight stays on the site.
In 2006, the Department of Environment and Conservation proposed that the station be converted to the Mount Elvire Conservation Park as past of the larger Mount Manning Nature Reserve.
See also
List of ranches and stations
References
Homesteads in Western Australia
Pastoral leases in Western Australia
Goldfields-Esperance
Stations (Australian agriculture)
Abu Marwan Bishr ibn Marwan ibn al-Hakam (; –694) was an Umayyad prince and governor of Iraq during the reign of their brother, Caliph Abd al-Malik. Bishr fought at Marj Rahit with their father, Caliph Marwan I (). Marwan posted Bishr to Egypt to keep their brother Abd al-Aziz company. In 690/91, Bishr was made governor of Kufa and about one year later, Basra was added to their governorship, giving them full control of Iraq.
During their governorship of Iraq, Bishr was known to be highly accessible and relatively merciful. Fond of poetry, they had many Arab poets, including Jarir, al-Farazdaq and al-Ra'i, in their entourage and was elegized in many panegyrics. They eliminated the remaining partisans of Mus'ab ibn al-Zubayr in Basra and was officially in command of the war effort against Kharijite rebels in the province. However, they were forced to hand over command of the Iraqi army to al-Muhallab ibn Abi Sufra. They died in office of an unknown illness and was buried in Basra.
Early life and career
Bishr's father was Marwan ibn al-Hakam of the Banu Umayya (Umayyads) and their mother was Qutayya bint Bishr, who hailed from the aristocratic clan of the Banu Kilab, the Banu Ja'far. Bishr killed a chieftain of the Banu Kilab during the Battle of Marj Rahit in 684. The Umayyad victory at Marj Rahit against the supporters of the rival Mecca-based caliph Abd Allah ibn al-Zubayr consolidated Marwan ibn al-Hakam's Syria-based caliphate.
Bishr accompanied Marwan when they wrested Egypt from its Zubayrid governor, Abd al-Rahman ibn Utba al-Fihri, by early 685. Marwan appointed another of their sons, Abd al-Aziz, governor of Egypt and had Bishr remain in the province to keep Abd al-Aziz company as the latter was posted far from the rest of their kinsmen in Syria. Relations between the brothers may have become tense, prompting Bishr to return to Syria. By then, the caliphal throne had passed to another son of Marwan, Abd al-Malik (). Bishr's activities in Syria upon their return are not specified by the literary sources, though an originally Byzantine bronze weight chiseled and re-inscribed with the Kufic Arabic inscription: "In the name of God: Bishr ibn Marwan, the amir; this is a weight of twelve" was likely produced in Syria. According to the numismatist George C. Miles, the bronze weight indicates that Bishr occupied a government office in Syria, whether as a local governor or a controller of finance.
Governor of Iraq
According to the 8th-century historian al-Waqidi, Abd al-Malik appointed Bishr governor of Kufa, one of the two main Arab garrison centers of Iraq, in 690/91, while Iraq was still under the control of the Zubayrids. According to the modern historian Luke Treadwell, Bishr may have been promised the governorship by Abd al-Malik in return for their participation in the upcoming campaign against Zubayrid Iraq. Bishr took part in the 691 campaign which ended with the defeat and death of Iraq's ruler Mus'ab ibn al-Zubayr and Bishr taking up their office by 691/92. They returned to Syria at least once, in April 693, to visit their Damascus property. Amid the Qays–Yaman tribal conflict, Bishr may have patronized and encouraged the Banu Fazara (part of Qays) to launch a retaliatory assault against the Banu Kalb (part of Yaman) in 693.
Bishr's advisers in Kufa were Rawh ibn Zinba al-Judhami, the senior aide of Abd al-Malik, and Musa ibn Nusayr, a client of Abd al-Aziz and future conqueror of the Iberian Peninsula. By 692/93, Abd al-Malik transferred the governorship of Basra to Bishr after its governor, Khalid ibn Abdallah ibn Khalid ibn Asid, failed to put down a Kharijite revolt. At the end of 693, Bishr relocated to Basra, assigning as their deputy to Kufa the veteran Kufan statesman Amr ibn Hurayth al-Makhzumi. Bishr formed a consultative council representing three key groups to help them govern Iraq: the three groups were the Syrians sent by Abd al-Malik, namely Rawh ibn Zinba and Musa ibn Nusayr; two prominent local nobles, Ikrima ibn Rabi'a and Khalid ibn Attab al-Riyahi; and religious scholars, such as Amir al-Sha'bi. Despite being made the lead amir (commander) on the Kharijite front, Bishr was ordered by Abd al-Malik to give al-Muhallab ibn Abi Sufra command over the army. Bishr opposed the move, as they intended to appoint Umar ibn Ubayd Allah ibn Ma'mar to lead the war effort, but ultimately demurred. However, they still caused problems for al-Muhallab by persuading their deputy in Kufa to withhold cooperation with the commander.
Death
Bishr had contended with an unknown illness or infection from the time of their arrival in Basra. A few months later, , they died in their mid-forties. They were buried in Basra, but within days their grave had become indistinguishable from the grave of a certain African who had died on the same day. Some soldiers in al-Muhallab's army defected upon hearing news of Bishr's death. Abd al-Malik appointed al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf to replace Bishr as governor of Iraq, i.e. the combined provinces of Kufa and Basra.
Assessment
According to Orientalist Laura Veccia Vaglieri, "Bishr was a very agreeable young man, a governor who could be approached without difficulty, remarkably inclined to be merciful", but nonetheless responsible for the executions of Mus'ab's partisans who continued dissident activities in Basra. Bishr was criticized for certain ritual innovations and neglecting to distribute food to their subjects, a task which they entrusted to their shurṭa and court.
Bishr, like many of their kinsmen, drank wine and led a festive life with their friends. Some of these friends helped Bishr rid themselves of the overarching presence of Rawh ibn Zinba by trickery. Bishr was fond of music and poetry, and was celebrated in panegyrics by numerous poets, including al-Farazdaq. Other poets under their patronage included Jarir, Kuthayyir Azza, Suraka ibn Mirdas al-Bariqi, Nusayb, al-Ra'i, Ka'b al-Ashqari, Ibn al-Zabir and al-Uqayshir al-Asadi. Bishr was well known for instigating poetic duels between Jarir and al-Akhtal. One poet who opposed Bishr was the pro-Zubayrid Kilabi chieftain, Zufar ibn al-Harith, who castigated the Umayyad prince in verse.
Marriages and descendants
Bishr was married to Umm Hakim bint Muhammad ibn Umara, a great-granddaughter of Uqba ibn Abi Mu'ayt, a member of the Umayyad clan; Umm Kulthum al-Kubra bint Abi Salama, a granddaughter of Abd al-Rahman ibn Awf of the Zuhra clan of the Quraysh, with whom they had a son, al-Hakam; and Hind bint Asma of the Banu Fazara tribe.
Bishr's son Abd al-Malik was appointed the deputy governor of Basra by their uncle, the governor of Iraq Maslama ibn Abd al-Malik, in 720, but was dismissed that year by Maslama's successor Umar ibn Hubayra al-Fazari. In 740, Abd al-Malik provided safe haven to Yahya, the son of Zayd ibn Ali, from the governor Yusuf ibn Umar al-Thaqafi in the aftermath of Zayd's abortive revolt against the Umayyads until Yahya could flee for Khurasan. Abd al-Malik was executed by the Abbasid dynasty in 750 after the toppling of the Umayyads.
Abd al-Malik ibn Bishr's son Bishr moved to al-Andalus (the Iberian Peninsula) shortly after the establishment of the Umayyad emirate there by their distant cousin, the grandson of Caliph Hisham ibn Abd al-Malik () Abd al-Rahman I ibn Mu'awiya, in 756, and became a close adviser of Abd al-Rahman. They were credited by the historians Ibn Sa'id al-Maghribi (d. 1286) and al-Maqqari (d. 1632) for advising Abd al-Rahman to use Berber mawali (Muslim freedmen, clients) and enlist non-Muslim slaves to neutralize the strong influence of the Arab tribes in the emirate. Bishr ibn Abd al-Malik's son Abd al-Malik was also a member of the Umayyad nobility in al-Andalus, and was married to a niece of the last Syria-based Umayyad caliph, Marwan II ().
References
Bibliography
694 deaths
Sons of Umayyad caliphs
Umayyad governors of Iraq
Umayyad governors of Kufa
7th-century Arabs
Leonardo Bragaglia (c. 1932 – August 1, 2020) was an Italian actor, director and essayist.
References
1930s births
2020 deaths
People from Anzio
Italian essayists
Male essayists
20th-century Italian male actors
21st-century Italian male actors
Italian male non-fiction writers
The Third Decade is a 1984 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago released on the ECM label.
Reception
In their review for AllMusic, Stephen Cook stated "For the Art Ensemble of Chicago, Third Decade marked both the end of their relationship with the ECM label and the beginning of a more streamlined stretch of music making. The band would cut back on their once predominant, free-form explorations to make room for more bebop and crossover material".
The Penguin Guide to Jazz on CD reviewed the album negatively, calling it "nothing so much as the atrophy of a once-radical band."
Track listing
"Prayer for Jimbo Kwesi" (Joseph Jarman) - 9:52
"Funky Aeco" (Art Ensemble of Chicago) - 7:43
"Walking in the Moonlight" (Roscoe Mitchell) - 4:11
"The Bell Piece" (Mitchell) - 6:07
"Zero" (Lester Bowie) - 6:00
"Third Decade" (Art Ensemble of Chicago) - 8:19
Recorded June, 1984 in Ludwigsburg
Personnel
Lester Bowie: trumpet, fluegelhorn
Malachi Favors Maghostut: bass, percussion instruments
Joseph Jarman: saxophones, clarinets, percussion instruments, synthesizer
Roscoe Mitchell: saxophones, clarinets, flute, percussion instruments
Don Moye: drums, percussion
References
1984 albums
ECM Records albums
Art Ensemble of Chicago albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Markus Alexej Persson (; born 1 June 1979), also known as Notch, is a Swedish video game programmer and designer.  They are best known for creating the sandbox video game Minecraft and for founding the video game company Mojang in 2009.
Persson's principal venture for founding Mojang was Minecraft which gained popularity and support since its tech demo in 2009. Since then, they have gained significant notability within the video game industry, winning multiple awards and establishing relations with the industry's figureheads. They retained their position as the lead designer of Minecraft until the game's official launch in 2011, after which they transferred creative authority to Jens Bergensten. They had continued to work on Minecraft until they left Mojang in September 2014, after its acquisition by Microsoft for $2.5 billion. Microsoft eventually dissociated from Persson following controversial comments regarding topics such as race and gender on their Twitter account.
Biography
Persson was born in Stockholm, Sweden, to a Finnish mother and a Swedish father on 1 June 1979. They lived in Edsbyn for the first seven years of their life before their family moved back to Stockholm. They began programming on their father's Commodore 128 home computer at the age of seven. Having experimented with various type-in programs they produced their first game at the age of eight, a text-based adventure game. Professionally they had worked as a game developer for King for over four years, until 2009. Afterwards they worked as a programmer for Jalbum.  They are also one of the founders of Wurm Online, though they no longer works on it. Outside of work, they have made seven games for competitions.  They are the central figure of Minecraft: The Story of Mojang, a documentary by 2 Player Productions about the rise of Minecraft and Mojang.
Personal life
Persson is a member of the Swedish chapter of Mensa. In 2011, they married Elin Zetterstrand and had a daughter. On 15 August 2012, they announced that they and their wife had filed for divorce. The divorce was finalized later that year.
Persson has criticized both piracy and the stance of large game companies on piracy; additionally, they are a member of the Pirate Party of Sweden.  They are an atheist and has donated to Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders). Under their direction, Mojang contributed a week to developing Catacomb Snatch for the Humble Indie Bundle; the $458,248 raised was donated to charity.
In December 2014, Persson purchased a home in Trousdale Estates, Beverly Hills, CA for $70 million, a record sales price for Beverly Hills at the time.
Games
Minecraft
Persson's most popular creation is the survival sandbox game Minecraft, which was first publicly available on 17 May 2009 and fully released on 18 November 2011. Persson left their job as a game developer to work on Minecraft full-time until completion. In early 2011, Mojang AB sold the one millionth copy of the game, several months later their second, and several more their third. Mojang hired several new staff members for the Minecraft team, while Persson passed the lead developer role to Jens Bergensten. They stopped working on Minecraft after a deal with Microsoft to sell Mojang for $2.5 billion. This brought their net worth to US$1.5 billion.
Caller's Bane
Persson and Jakob Porsér came up with the idea for Scrolls including elements from board games and collectible card games. Persson noted that they will not be actively involved in development of the game and that Porsér will be developing it. Persson revealed on their tumblr blog on 5 August 2011 that they were being sued by a Swedish law firm representing Bethesda Softworks over the trademarked name of Scrolls, claiming that it conflicted with their The Elder Scrolls series of games. On 17 August 2011, Persson challenged Bethesda to a Quake 3 tournament to decide the outcome of the naming dispute. On 27 September 2011, Persson confirmed that the lawsuit was going to court. ZeniMax Media, owner of Bethesda Softworks, announced the lawsuit's settlement in March 2012. The settlement allowed Mojang to continue using the Scrolls trademark.
Cliffhorse
Cliffhorse is a humorous game programmed in two hours using the Unity game engine and free assets. The game took inspiration from Skyrims physics engine, "the more embarrassing minimum-effort Greenlight games", Goat Simulator, and Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing. The game was released to Microsoft Windows systems as a honorware early access game the start day of E3 2014, instructing users to donate Dogecoin to "buy" the game before downloading it. The game accumulated over 280,000 dogecoins.
0x10c
Following the end to their involvement with Minecraft, Persson began pre-production of an alternate reality space game set in the distant future in March 2012. On April Fools' Day, Mojang launched a satirical website for Mars Effect (parody of Mass Effect), citing the lawsuit with Bethesda as an inspiration. However, the gameplay elements remained true and on 4 April, Mojang revealed 0x10c (pronounced Ten to the C) as a space sandbox title. Persson officially halted game production in August 2013. However, C418, the composer of the game's soundtrack (as well as that of Minecraft), released an album of the work they had made for the game.
Shambles
In 2013, Persson made a free game called Shambles in the Unity game engine.
Ludum Dare entries
Persson has also participated in several Ludum Dare 48-hour game making competitions.
Breaking the Tower was a game Persson developed for the entry to the Ludum Dare No. 12 competition. The game takes place on a small island, where the player must gather resources, construct buildings, and train soldiers in order to destroy a large tower on this island. The game received brief gaming media attention.
Metagun is a 2D platformer created for Ludum Dare no. 18.
Prelude of the Chambered is a game Persson developed for the entry to the Ludum Dare No. 21 competition. Prelude of the Chambered is a short first-person dungeon crawler video game.
Minicraft is a game developed for Ludum Dare No. 22, held 16–19 December 2011. It is a small top-down game with similarities to Zelda and influenced by Minecraft. It is written in Java.
Awards and nominations
|-
| 2011
| Minecraft
| Best Debut Game, Innovation Award, Best Downloadable Game
| Game Developers Choice Awards
|
|
|
|-
| 2012
| Minecraft
| BAFTA Special Award
| BAFTA
|
|
|
|-
| 2016
| Minecraft
| Pioneer Award Winner
| Game Developers Choice Awards
|
| Award formerly known as the First Penguin Award
|
Controversies
Persson has received criticism for political and social opinions they have expressed on Twitter, such as referring to feminism as a "social disease" and claiming that most feminists are "overtly sexist against men". In June 2017, Persson faced criticism for referring to video game developer Zoë Quinn as a "cunt". Later in June 2017, they tweeted in support of a heterosexual pride day, calling opponents to the idea "cunts" and stating that they "deserve to be shot". After facing backlash, they deleted the tweets and rescinded their statements, writing "So yeah, it's about pride of daring to express, not about pride of being who you are. I get it now." In November 2017, Persson was criticized for posting a tweet that read "It's okay to be white." In follow-up tweets, they said they believed privilege is a "made up metric".
Persson has also faced criticism for tweeting in support of QAnon, stating that "Q is legit. Don't trust the media." Persson has also made comments perceived as transphobic.
In March 2019, a Minecraft update removed all mentions of Persson from the game's menu, though their name is still in the credits. Microsoft did not explain this action, but its timing led multiple news outlets to conclude it was related to the controversies associated with him. Persson was not invited to the game's tenth anniversary event later that year, with Microsoft saying that their views "do not reflect those of Microsoft or Mojang". Microsoft then dissociated from Persson due to their controversial comments on their Twitter account.
References
External links
notch.net archives
notch.tumblr.com archives
1979 births
BAFTA winners (people)
Businesspeople from Stockholm
Game Developers Conference Pioneer Award recipients
Indie video game developers
Living people
Male critics of feminism
Mensans
Mojang Studios
People from Beverly Hills, California
Swedish atheists
Swedish billionaires
Swedish computer programmers
Swedish electronic musicians
Swedish people of Finnish descent
Swedish philanthropists
Video game designers
Video game programmers
The bearded woodpecker (Chloropicus namaquus) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It has a distinctive black and white head and brownish barred body. It is native to tropical central Africa. It has an extremely wide range and is a fairly common species, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern". Some taxonomic authorities place this species in Dendropicos.
Description
The bearded woodpecker is one of the largest woodpeckers in Africa growing to a length of about . The head is distinctive with a black moustache, a broad black eye-stripe and black crown contrasting with a white supercilium, face, chin and throat. The male has a red hind crown which the female lacks. The mantle is black and the rest of the upper parts are yellowish-brown with narrow white barring. The tail is brown, barred white, the feathers having yellowish shafts. The underparts are grey with narrow white barring. The beak is large and greyish-black, the legs grey and the eyes red. Juveniles are similar to adults but the upper parts have a greenish tinge and more diffuse barring, and both sexes have some red colouring on the crown and nape.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in Angola, Botswana, Central African Republic, Chad, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Rwanda, Somalia, South Africa, Sudan, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. It has a wide range of habitat types including woodland with sizeable trees, Brachystegia woodland, Euphorbia and Acacia woodland, the fringes of gallery forests and brushland. It is present from the lowlands up to altitudes of about .
Ecology
The bearded woodpecker often forages in pairs which communicate with each other vocally, flicking their wings as they call. Each bird will spend a long time on a single tree, hammering, probing and pecking with its beak and gleaning any stray insects it encounters, before flying off to another, often distant, tree. The diet consists of insects and their larvae, spiders, caterpillars and ants. It has been known to catch geckos and small lizards. This bird often drums loudly on branches, finishing each drum-roll with four taps. The nest hole is drilled in dead wood, up to above the ground. A clutch averaging three eggs is laid and incubation, by both parents, lasts thirteen days. The chicks are cared for by both birds and remain in the nest for about four weeks.
References
External links
Bearded woodpecker - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds
bearded woodpecker
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
bearded woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Olavo is a given name, the Spanish and Portuguese form of Olaf, and may refer to:
Olavo Bilac (1865–1918), Brazilian poet of the Parnassian school
Olavo Setúbal (1923–2008), Brazilian industrialist, banker and politician
Olavo Rodrigues Barbosa (1923–2010), Brazilian football (soccer) player
Olavo Yépez (1937–2021), Ecuadorian chess master
Olavo de Carvalho (1947–2022), Brazilian journalist and writer
The Granada Theatre is a Grade II* listed building at St John's Hill, Clapham Junction, London.
It was built in 1937 by the architects Cecil Masey, H R Horner and Leslie Norton, and with interior design by Theodore Komisarjevsky. It closed in 1980, re-opening in May 1991 as a Gala Bingo Hall. This closed in December 1997. It has since been modernised and refurbished and is now a conference venue called Transformation House.
References
Former cinemas in London
Grade II* listed buildings in the London Borough of Wandsworth
Cecil Massey buildings
Granada Theatres
Turar Ryskulov (, ) is a district of Jambyl Region in south-eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is auyl of Kulan.
History
By the decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet of the Kaz. USSR dated March 4, 1938, Lugovsky district was separated from Merki District.
At that time there were 27 collective farms and 2 state farms. They were united into 10 aul districts.
Initially, there were 8 2662 hectares of farmland. Cereals were located on an area of 13 464 hectares, beets on 960 hectares and cotton on 1 550 hectares. In Soviet times, grain crops increased to 130 thousand hectares.
In 1954, three virgin state farms were established in the steppes of Abulkair and Koragata. And today's corporation "Podgorny", LLP "Koragaty" and "Akbulak" were also organized by the forces of pervotselinniki.
The district is proud of its working people, including 21 Heroes of Socialist Labor.
For 70 years, the district has reached considerable heights in the development of the economy, in improving the welfare of the people.
By the Decree of the Presidium of the Republic of Kazakhstan dated March 11, 1999, Lugovsky district of Jambyl Region was renamed T. Ryskulov district.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Jambyl Region
The 2008 Assen Superbike World Championship round was the 4th round of the 2008 Superbike World Championship. It took place on the weekend of April 25–27, 2008, at the TT Circuit Assen located in Assen, Netherlands.
Superbike race 1 classification
Superbike race 2 classification
Supersport race classification
External links
Superbike Race 1 results
Superbike Race 2 results
Supersport Race results
Assen Round
Assen Superbike World Championship round
Craig Michael Whitlock (born March 26, 1968) is an American journalist working for The Washington Post, where they are responsible for covering the Pentagon and national security.
In 2021, they published their first book, The Afghanistan Papers: A Secret History of the War. The work debuted at number one on The New York Times nonfiction best-seller list.
Early life and education
Craig Michael Whitlock was born in Ithaca, New York.  They are the son of Dr. Robert Whitlock, a professor of veterinary medicine at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. They were raised in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania. In 1986, they graduated from Unionville High School, where they were editor of the school newspaper The Indian Post (now known as the Unionville Post). They received a bachelor's degree in history from Duke University, where they were editor of student paper The Chronicle.
Career
Prior to joining The Washington Post, Whitlock worked for seven years as a reporter for The News & Observer of Raleigh, North Carolina. They were also briefly a staff writer for The Anniston Star of Anniston, Alabama. They currently work as a journalist for The Washington Post and is assigned to the Investigative Desk, where they cover national security. They have worked as a staff writer for the Post since 1998, and covered the Maryland Statehouse in Annapolis and the Prince George's County police department. From 2010 until 2016, they reported on the Pentagon for the National Desk. For almost six years, Whitlock served as the paper's Berlin bureau chief and covered terrorism networks in Europe, South Asia, the Middle East, and North Africa. They have reported from over 60 countries.
Whitlock is also known for writing about the Afghanistan Papers, a series of interviews conducted by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction covering information about the reconstruction effort in Afghanistan. The coverage focused on the difference between public and private statements voiced by U.S. government officials about the progress and success of the overall war effort. Public statements about the war in Afghanistan often portrayed a rosier picture than statements reflecting in these interviews.
In August 2021, Whitlock published their debut book, The Afghanistan Papers: A Secret History of the War. Shortly before its publication, Whitlock discussed Afghanistan in an appearance on Real Time with Bill Maher. The book debuted at number one on The New York Times nonfiction best-seller list for the week ending September 4, 2021. The book was also included in the Wall Street Journal best-selling books list. The book was reviewed by Kirkus Reviews, New York, The Guardian, and The Sunday Times. It was selected for The Washington Posts "10 Best Books of 2021" list.
Personal life
In 1996, they married journalist Jennifer Toth. They have a son and live in Silver Spring, Maryland.
Awards and honors
They were awarded the German Marshall Fund's 2005 Peter R. Weitz senior prize for their coverage of international terrorist networks.  They are also a three-time finalist for the Pulitzer Prize, most recently in 2013 for national reporting on counterterrorism.
Bibliography
References
External links
Articles by Craig Whitlock
1968 births
Living people
20th-century American journalists
21st-century American writers
American male journalists
Duke University alumni
People from Kennett Square, Pennsylvania
The Washington Post journalists
Writers from Ithaca, New York
Palazzo Barbarigo Nani Mocenigo is a Gothic palace in Venice, Italy located in the Dorsoduro district, along the Nani embankment on the San Trovaso river, near the campo of the same name.
History
The palace dates back to the 15th century and was the residence of the Barbarigo family. The building was part of the dowry that Elena Barbarigo, a daughter of Doge Agostino Barbarigo, brought to their husband Giorgio Nani. From them the palace passed to their son Bernardo, a founder of the family branch named di San Trovaso. In the first half of the 19th century, the San Trovaso branch died out, and the complex became the home of the distant relatives of Nani Mocenigo who previously lived in a building on the Cannaregio district.
Part of the building still belongs to this family, while the rest was purchased by the Ca' Foscari University, that made it the seat of the Department of Italian Studies, along with an adjoining library. Since 2007, the building has remained empty, sometimes being rented out to wealthy tourists or used for art events. As of 2022 the building is being used as a hotel.
Architecture
The palace is a typical example of Venetian Gothic architecture of the 14-15th centuries. The square-shaped façade has three levels and a mezzanine. The ground floor offers two Gothic portals: the central one and the smaller one on the left. The two noble floors have central quadriforas supported by balustrades and flanked by pairs of ogival single-light windows. The first noble floor has a pair of coats of arms in the wings.
On the right side of the roof there is a terrace overlooking the San Trovaso and Giudecca Canal area.
See also
Palazzo Barbarigo
Palazzo Mocenigo Gambara
Palazzo Nani
References
Houses completed in the 15th century
Palaces in Sestiere Dorsoduro
Gothic architecture in Venice
Nordstadt may refer to:
Dortmund#Nordstadt, a district of Dortmund, Germany
Nordstadt_(Hanover), a district of Hanover, Germany
Nordstadt (Karlsruhe), a district of Karlsruhe Germany
See also
Hannover-Nordstadt station
Nordstad
George Peterson (died March 30, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for their actions in World War II.
Biography
Peterson joined the Army from their birthplace of Brooklyn, New York, and by March 30, 1945, was serving as a Staff Sergeant in Company K, 18th Infantry Regiment, 1st Infantry Division. During a battle on that day, near Eisern, Germany, Peterson was severely wounded but continued in the fight and single-handedly destroyed three German machinegun nests before receiving another, fatal, wound. They were posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor seven months later, on October 17, 1945.
Medal of Honor
Staff Sergeant Peterson's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
They were an acting platoon sergeant with Company K, near Eisern, Germany. When their company encountered an enemy battalion and came under heavy small-arms, machinegun, and mortar fire, the 2d Platoon was given the mission of flanking the enemy positions while the remaining units attacked frontally. S/Sgt. Peterson crept and crawled to a position in the lead and motioned for the 2d Platoon to follow. A mortar shell fell close by and severely wounded them in the legs, but, although bleeding and suffering intense pain, they refused to withdraw and continued forward. Two hostile machineguns went into action at close range. Braving this grazing fire, they crawled steadily toward the guns and worked their way alone to a shallow draw, where, despite the hail of bullets, they raised themselves to their knees and threw a grenade into the nearest machinegun nest, silencing the weapon and killing or wounding all its crew. The second gun was immediately turned on him, but they calmly and deliberately threw a second grenade which rocked the position and killed all 4 Germans who occupied it. As they continued forward they were spotted by an enemy rifleman, who shot them in the arm. Undeterred, they crawled some 20 yards until a third machinegun opened fire on him. By almost superhuman effort, weak from loss of blood and suffering great pain, they again raised themselves to their knees and fired a grenade from their rifle, killing 3 of the enemy guncrew and causing the remaining one to flee. With the first objective seized, they were being treated by the company aid man when they observed 1 of their outpost men seriously wounded by a mortar burst. They wrenched themselves from the hands of the aid man and began to crawl forward to assist their comrade, whom they had almost reached when they were struck and fatally wounded by an enemy bullet. S/Sgt. Peterson, by their gallant, intrepid actions, unrelenting fighting spirit, and outstanding initiative, silenced 3 enemy machineguns against great odds and while suffering from severe wounds, enabling their company to advance with minimum casualties.
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
References
Year of birth missing
1945 deaths
United States Army personnel killed in World War II
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
People from Brooklyn
United States Army non-commissioned officers
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
The March 822 was an open-wheel, developed and built by British racing car manufacturer March Engineering in 1982, which was designed in accordance with Formula 2 regulations. In 1982 and 1983 numerous drivers took part in the Formula 2 European Championship and the Japanese Formula 2 Championship. In 1982, Corrado Fabi became European Formula 2 Champion on a March 822, and Satoru Nakajima won the Japanese championship in the same year. A derived version, called the 82A, was used in the Formula Atlantic series.
Construction
The March 822 was developed in the fall of 1981. The responsible designer was Ralph Bellamy. The March 822 was not a new construction, but further development of the March 812 of the previous year. The 822 had a new monocoque that was narrower than that of the 821. The rear suspension was redesigned and aerodynamics had been improved. In the European championship rounds, the cars were usually powered by BMW engines from different tuners; in only one instance did an 822 appear with a four-cylinder Hart engine. In Japan, there were also copies with Honda and Toyota Engines. This drove the rear wheels through a Hewland F.T.200 5-speed manual transmission.
March-Merzario 282
A modification of the March 822 was the March-Merzario 282, which appeared in Italy in 1982. The Italian team Merzario had designed their own Formula 2 cars up until 1981, which were unsuccessful. For the 1982 season, Arturo Merzario 's racing team went over to revising the March 822 chassis taken over from the factory and improving them according to their own ideas. They were then given their own model designation. Details on the scope of the revision are not known. The cars appeared only this year and exclusively in Team Merzario. Jo Gartner and Richard Dallest each achieved a championship point with them.
Production
March made a total of 14 examples of the 822; 13 vehicles were built in 1982, and another one the following year. [4] The vast majority of vehicles were sold to independent customer teams. In 1982 the price for a new 822 without an engine was £19,000.
Racing history
1982 European Formula Two Championship
In the 1982 European Championship, the March 822 was the most widely used new Formula Two cars.
March Engineering ran (this year for the last time) a works team led by Peter Mackintosh, using a works-backed BMW engine. It sat with Corrado Fabi, Johnny Cecotto, and Christian Danner three drivers who took part in all championship runs. Fabi's car was looked after by Ralph Bellamy, Cecotto's 822 by Adrian Newey. Fabi won five races, and Cecotto three; both took several second places and achieved further results in the points rankings. After the last race, both drivers were tied; Due to a special feature in the regulations, however, only the nine best results were counted for the championship ranking (so-called discarded results), so Cecotto ultimately scored one point less than Fabi. Fabi then became European Champion, Cecotto Vice-Champion. Danner didn't win a race; their best result was fourth place at the Gran Premio dell'Adriatico Gran Premio dell'Adriatico . In the factory team, the 822 was considered a reliable car: Fabi retired four times, Cecotto only once due to technical reasons.
The Italian Merzario team took over three 822 examples, which were subsequently modified.
Markus Hotz's Swiss team Horag Racing entered an 822 that used a BMW engine tuned by Heini Mader Racing Components. The regular driver was Mike Thackwell, who finished two mid-season races in third place. Horag was the most successful March customer team this year. For the last race, the car was passed on to Fredy Schnarwiler, who did not make it into the classification.
In the second half of the season, British team Trundle Racing reported an 822 for American racer Cliff Hansen, who contested seven races but scored no championship points. Hansen's best result was ninth place at the Mantorp Park Trofén in Sweden.
1983 European Formula Two Championship
In the 1983 season, March Engineering no longer had its own factory team. The independent team Onyx Racing had taken over the material from the works team. Onyx received customer vehicles but was factory preferred over other customers, so some sources speak of a quasi-factory team here. Onyx used newly designed March 832 models in 1983.
There was only one March 822 entry that year: Irish team Derek McMahon Racing entered a Hart-engined 822 for Derek Daly at the Donington “50,000” at Donington Park. Daly finished the race in ninth place.
Japanese Formula Two Championship
In the Japanese Formula 2 Championship, cars were often much older than those in the European series. Only a few teams were financially able to buy new vehicles. Satoru Nakajima, who won the 1981 championship in a March 821, contested the first race of the 1982 season in the 821 before switching to an 822 in April 1982. Their car, entered by the I&I Racing Development team (registration name: John Player Special Team Ikuzawa), had a six-cylinder Honda engine. Nakajima won the Japanese championship by a clear margin over Kazuyoshi Hoshino, who also used an 822 – albeit with a BMW engine – in the second half of the season.
In 1983, several March 822 models appeared among smaller teams. They mostly used locally tuned BMW engines; Hitoshi Ogawa drove a Toyota-engined 822 alongside.
In 1984 the March 822 stopped appearing in Japan.
Later use (post-Formula 2)
Some March 822 chassis' were converted into closed-wheel sports prototypes, for use in the revived Can-Am series, as well as the British Thundersports and European Interserie series'. It achieved 3 class wins in the category, and its best results were three 4th-place finishes, all in 1984.
Results: European Formula Two Championship
References
Formula Two cars
BMW racing cars
BMW in motorsport
The Original Taco House was a chain of Mexican restaurants based in Portland, Oregon. Established by the Waddle family in 1960, the business peaked at five locations. The last remaining two locations closed on December 31, 2017.
See also
Hispanics and Latinos in Portland, Oregon
List of defunct restaurants of the United States
List of Mexican restaurants
References
1960 establishments in Oregon
2017 disestablishments in Oregon
Defunct restaurants in Portland, Oregon
Mexican restaurants in Portland, Oregon
Restaurants disestablished in 2017
Restaurants established in 1960
Defunct Mexican restaurants in the United States
Jack & Jason's Pancakes & Waffles is an independently owned and operated artisan foods company based out of San Francisco. The pancake and waffle mixes produced out of their Dogpatch facility are made entirely of all-natural, organic ingredients. The company is also a staunch proponent of the American economic recovery movement, working exclusively with domestic farmers and distributors and focusing significantly on job creation for local residents.
History
Jack & Jason's Pancakes & Waffles started when co-owners Jack Harper and Jason Jervis made the decision to leave their corporate jobs in favor of starting an enterprise of their own. The company has several wholesale distributors across San Francisco and northern California including Boudin Bakery in Fisherman's Wharf, Mollie Stone's Markets down the Peninsula, New Leaf Community Markets around Santa Cruz, and Nugget Markets in the Sacramento metropolitan area. Jack & Jason's is also branching out to other states; in addition to nationwide online shipping, their products can now be found in Portland, Oregon, Phoenix, Arizona, and Sellersville, Pennsylvania.
Products
The production line at Jack and Jason's currently makes five distinct flavors of pancake mix with a majority of the ingredients supplied by regional Bay Area businesses.
Original - Custom blend of freshly milled whole wheat flour and baby oats from South San Francisco.
Banana Walnut - Farm-grown bananas and walnuts cultivated in Modesto.
Blueberry - Organic blueberries grown in California's Central Valley.
Double Chocolate - Hershey's cocoa and Guittard white chocolate chips from Burlingame.
Pumpkin Spice - Real pumpkin harvested in Momence, IL and spice from Rancho Cordova.
Ingredients
Jack & Jason's mixes are produced using organic ingredients provided by local Bay Area companies. The company avoids the use of additives and preservatives (processed baking powder, hydrogenated oils, shortening, etc.) found in more common pancake mixes. As a result, Jack and Jason's mixes are low in fat, high in protein, and provide a full daily serving of dietary fiber from whole grain.
See also
List of companies headquartered in San Francisco
References
Manufacturing companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
Cuisine of the San Francisco Bay Area
Baking mixes
Food manufacturers of the United States
The 1972 Grambling Tigers football team represented Grambling College (now known as Grambling State University) as a member of the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) during the 1972 NCAA College Division football season. In its 30th season under head coach Eddie Robinson, Grambling compiled an 11–2 record (5–1 against conference opponents), tied for the SWAC championship, defeated in the Pelican Bowl, and outscored opponents by a total of 346 to 123. The team was recognized as the 1972 black college football national champion and was ranked No. 8 by the Associated Press in the final 1972 NCAA College Division football rankings.
Schedule
References
Grambling
Grambling State Tigers football seasons
Black college football national champions
Southwestern Athletic Conference football champion seasons
Grambling Tigers football
The Vaharai bombing is a disputed event in the Sri Lankan civil war. It occurred on November 7, 2006 when, according to survivors of the incident interviewed by Reuters, the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam fired artillery at Sri Lankan military personnel from near a school where minority Sri Lankan Tamil refugees displaced by the current phase of the Sri Lankan civil war had taken shelter. The Sri Lankan Army returned fire and around 45 civilians were killed. Over 100 were injured and admitted to the local hospitals. However, people who were interviewed by Human Rights Watch claimed that the LTTE did not fire artillery. Further, the rebel LTTE denies firing artillery from close to the school. The incident occurred at around 11.35 a.m close to Kathiraveli, a coastal village in Vaharai peninsula of the Batticaloa district in eastern Sri Lanka.
The incident
The LTTE claimed the shelling killed 43 displaced Tamil civilians who had been taking shelter after the recent flare up of the Sri Lankan civil war. However the SLMM counted 23 bodies. About 300 were wounded, 127 of them seriously. Many were killed when two shells hit school buildings housing a large number civilians. Shelling also damaged the Sonobo Children's Home seriously injuring nearly 12 infants.
The town Kathiraveli in the Vaharai region is mainly populated by minority Sri Lankan Tamils and indigenous Vedda people. It was under the de facto control of the LTTE rebels.
The Sri Lankan government responded saying that the refugees housed within the school were being used as human shields by the LTTE. The Nordic ceasefire monitors, the Sri Lanka Monitoring Mission, said they did not see any LTTE military installations nearby. However the government's account was supported by survivors of the incident who had fled the area and subsequently taken shelter in government controlled territory. Reuters reported one survivor saying, "First I heard big guns fired (by the LTTE) from the camp area. I jumped into a bunker. Then the army returned fire and I heard big explosions in the camp."
However, Human Rights Watch conducted interviews with 12 witnesses to the attack. All witnesses said that there were no LTTE fighters located in or adjacent to the IDP camp at the time of the attack or directly before. They also reported that the nearest LTTE military base was the Sinnakangai camp on the coast about two kilometers away. None of the interviewees had seen or heard outgoing shelling earlier that day. Another women who lived near the IDP camp claimed “Before the shelling I heard nothing. It was sudden, we didn't expect it.” Another man whose children were wounded in the shelling said that there was no LTTE present near the camp and they did not hear any shelling from the LTTE.
Reactions
Sri Lankan Government - Government defence spokesperson Keheliya Rambukwella said the military had targeted two Tamil Tiger artillery positions but admitted a civilian centre was also hit. "While we regret this whole episode, we also must say that national security is uppermost in our minds. Actions by the defence authorities were inevitable. The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) had been firing mortar and artillery at government positions, as well as civilian settlements, in the region for over a week." Media Minister Anura Yapa said "The LTTE is using humans as shields to cover their operations." Another defense ministry statement read: "The Tigers had been planning this situation since the beginning of this month by detaining the innocent civilians in those areas by force to be used as a human shield when the time arises." Tamil legislators from the dominant Tamil speaking party in the Sri Lankan parliament, Tamil National Alliance demonstrated in front of the United Nations local offices of UNICEF and handed over a petition to the UN offices demanding intervention to protect refugees in the island's troubled areas. "We urge your good selves to take immediate action regarding this matter and take steps to safeguard the internally displaced Tamil speaking people and other civilians" the legislators told the UN High Commissioner for Refugees. Subsequently a Tamil National Alliance parliamentarian, Nadarajah Raviraj who had demonstrated in front of the UN offices was shot and killed in Colombo.
Tamil Tigers - There was widespread anger amongst the Tamil community in Sri Lanka. The Tamil Tigers said in a statement on their website, "Is it possible that the Sri Lankan military's intention was to teach the Tamils the lesson that they, the military, can kill refugees in such numbers, and no one can stop them?"
The Chief Minister of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, M. Karunanidhi, deplored the incident and pondered "how long it could tolerate the Sri Lankan Army's atrocities against Tamils there."
United Nations- The United Nations strongly condemned the attack and considered it an "indiscriminate use of force" on civilians.
Amnesty International - The international human rights group urged the government of Sri Lanka to investigate the attack on the civilians as matter of urgency. Amnesty International's Asia Pacific Director Purna Sen said in a press release, “It is appalling that the military should attack a camp for displaced people - these are civilians who have already been forced from their homes because of the conflict…killing and injuring civilians can never be justified. The government must investigate this terrible attack as a matter of urgency. It must ensure that those responsible are brought to justice to signal to the rest of the military that attacking civilians will not be tolerated.”
The US State Department strongly condemned the incident and exhorted the "Sri Lankan Government to adopt corrective measures to prevent civilian casualties that also take into account instances where civilians may be used as 'human shields' in the future," and expected "an immediate, independent investigation into the November 8 incidents and bring the responsible parties to justice."
International Committee of the Red Cross - A spokesperson said they evacuated 74 wounded from a hospital in the rebel-held area to a government-controlled area.
The Humanitarian Law Project in a letter to the United Nations High Commissioner, severely condemned the actions of the Sri Lankan army and considered the artillery attack on the Vaharai refugee camp a "war crime".
Accusations of blocked humanitarian aid
The LTTE political head for the Trincomalee district claimed "The government has already blocked the relief assistance to the internally displaced persons in Vaharai area. They were provided dry rations under the United Nation's World Food Program and that was too stopped for three weeks." In addition, the LTTE accused the Sri Lankan government of preventing ambulances carrying the injured to pass military checkpoints for nearly three hours.
References
External links
Sri Lankan military shelling kills 65 civilians rebels; abc.net.au; November 9, 2006
Sri Lanka voices regret over civilian deaths; abc.net.au; November 9, 2006
Lanka army 'kills 45 civilians'; BBC World Service; November 8, 2006
Massacre of innocent civilians at Kathiraweli – Trancurrents
Double Standards at the United Nations (UN)
Vaharai Displaced: A Pictorial from Humanity Ashore
Vaharai bombing: A Pictorial by Arjunan
2006 crimes in Sri Lanka
Attacks on civilians attributed to the Sri Lanka Army
Massacres in Sri Lanka
Mass murder in 2006
Mass murder of Sri Lankan Tamils
School bombings
School massacres
Sri Lankan government forces attacks in Eelam War IV
Terrorist incidents in Sri Lanka in 2006
November 2006 events in Asia
Neottia is a genus of orchids. The genus now includes the former genus Listera, commonly known as twayblades referring to the single pair of opposite leaves at the base of the flowering stem. The genus is native to temperate, subarctic and arctic regions across most of Europe, northern Asia (Siberia, China, the Himalayas, Central Asia, etc), and North America, with a few species extending into subtropical regions in the Mediterranean, Indochina, the southeastern United States, etc.
Neottia produces a racemose inflorescence with flowers in shades of green or dull pink through to maroon and purple. The lip of each flower is prominently forked or two-lobed. Some species (those which were previously the only members of the genus Neottia in the strict sense, such as the bird's-nest orchid, Neottia nidus-avis) are completely without chlorophyll and have leaves which are reduced to scales.
Description
Neottia is a genus of relatively small terrestrial orchids. Some (the former genus Listera) have chlorophyll and are hence gaining their energy from photosynthesis. Others (the formerly narrowly defined genus Neottia) lack chlorophyll and are dependent on fungi for their nutrition (mycotrophic). The flowering stem has a number of greenish or brownish bracts at the base. In the photosynthetic members of the genus there are also two more-or-less opposite green leaves (very rarely more than two in Neottia ovata). The flowers are individually small, in shades of green, yellow, brown or red to purple. The lip is usually much larger than the other five tepals, and is almost always deeply divided into two lobes at the end. The other five tepals may form a loose hood. The pollinia are not stalked.
Taxonomy
At one time the genus was divided between Neottia and Listera. Molecular phylogenetic studies in this century have shown that species lacking chlorophyll, such as Neottia nidus-avis, evolved within a larger clade of photosynthetic plants containing Neottia and Listera, so that the two genera should be combined. As Neottia is the older name, sources such as the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families and the Flora of China now use Neottia for all species formerly in Listera. Other sources continue to divide the genus into two.
Species
Species accepted as of June 2014:
Neottia acuminata Schltr. - China, Japan, Korea, Russian Far East, Himalayas
Neottia alternifolia (King & Pantl.) Szlach. - Sikkim, Yunnan
Neottia auriculata (Wiegand) Szlach. (syn. Listera auriculata) – auricled twayblade - eastern Canada, northeastern USA
Neottia bambusetorum (Hand.-Mazz.) Szlach. - Yunnan
Neottia banksiana (Lindl.) Rchb.f. in W.G.Walpers (syn. Listera caurina) - northwestern twayblade – from Alaska to California
Neottia biflora (Schltr.) Szlach. - Sichuan
Neottia bifolia (Raf.) Baumbach (syn. Listera australis Lindl.) – southern twayblade - eastern Canada, eastern USA
Neottia borealis (Morong) Szlach. – northern twayblade - most of Canada including Arctic regions, plus mountains of western US
Neottia brevicaulis (King & Pantl.) Szlach. - eastern Himalayas and Yunnan
Neottia brevilabris Tang & F.T.Wang - Chongqing
Neottia camtschatea (L.) Rchb.f. in H.G.L.Reichenbach - Siberia, Russian Far East, Mongolia, northwestern China, Central Asia
Neottia chandrae Raskoti, J.J.Wood & Ale - Nepal
Neottia chenii S.W.Gale & P.J.Cribb - Sichuan, Gansu
Neottia confusa Bhaumik - Arunachal Pradesh
Neottia convallarioides (Sw.) Rich. – much of Canada, western and northern US, Komandor Islands of Russia - broad-lipped twayblade
Neottia cordata (L.) Rich. – widespread across Europe, northern Asia, Canada, US - lesser twayblade, heartleaf twayblade
Neottia dentata (King & Pantl.) Szlach. - Himalayas, Myanmar
Neottia dihangensis Bhaumik - Arunachal Pradesh
Neottia divaricata (Panigrahi & P.Taylor) Szlach. - Arunachal Pradesh, Tibet
Neottia fangii (Tang & F.T.Wang ex S.C.Chen & G.H.Zhu) S.C.Chen, S.W.Gale & P.J.Cribb - Sichuan
Neottia flabellata (W.W.Sm.) Szlach. - mountains of northern Myanmar
Neottia formosana S.C.Chen, S.W.Gale & P.J.Cribb - Taiwan
Neottia furusei T.Yukawa & Yagame - Japan
Neottia gaudissartii Hand.-Mazz. - Shanxi, Henan, Liaoning
Neottia inagakii Yagame, Katsuy. & T.Yukawa - Honshu
Neottia japonica (Blume) Szlach. - Japan, Ryukyu Islands, Taiwan, Jeju-do Island of Korea
Neottia karoana Szlach. - eastern Himalayas, Yunnan
Neottia kiusiana T.Hashim. & S.Hatus. - Korea, Japan
Neottia kuanshanensis H.J.Su - Taiwan
Neottia latilabra (Evrard ex Gagnep.) ined.. - Vietnam
Neottia listeroides Lindl. in J.F.Royle - mountains from Pakistan to Tibet and Assam
Neottia longicaulis (King & Pantl.) Szlach. - eastern Himalayas, Tibet
Neottia mackinnonii Deva & H.B.Naithani - western Himalayas
Neottia makinoana (Ohwi) Szlach. - Japan
Neottia megalochila S.C.Chen - Sichuan, Yunnan
Neottia meifongensis (H.J.Su & C.Y.Hu) T.C.Hsu & S.W.Chung - Taiwan
Neottia microglottis (Duthie) Schltr. - western Himalayas
Neottia microphylla (S.C.Chen & Y.B.Luo) S.C.Chen, S.W.Gale & P.J.Cribb - Yunnan
Neottia morrisonicola (Hayata) Szlach. - Taiwan
Neottia mucronata (Panigrahi & J.J.Wood) Szlach. - China, Japan, Korea, eastern Himalayas
Neottia nanchuanica (S.C.Chen) Szlach. - Chongqing
Neottia nandadeviensis (Hajra) Szlach. - Uttarakhand
Neottia nankomontana (Fukuy.) Szlach. - Taiwan
Neottia nepalensis (N.P.Balakr.) Szlach - Nepal
Neottia nidus-avis (L.) Rich. – widespread across most of Europe; also Algeria, Morocco, Turkey, Iran, Caucasus, western Siberia - bird's-nest orchid
Neottia nipponica (Makino) Szlach. - Russian Far East, Korea, Japan
Neottia oblata (S.C.Chen) Szlach. - Chongqing
Neottia ovata (L.) Bluff & Fingerh. - Europe, Siberia, Central Asia, Southwestern Asia – common twayblade, eggleaf twayblade
Neottia pantlingii (W.W.Sm.) Tang & F.T.Wang - eastern Himalayas
Neottia papilligera Schltr. - Japan, Korea, Russian Far East, northeastern China
Neottia pinetorum (Lindl.) Szlach. - Himalayas of India, Nepal, China, etc.
Neottia pseudonipponica (Fukuy.) Szlach. - Taiwan
Neottia puberula (Maxim.) Szlach. - China, Japan, Korea, Siberia, Russian Far East
Neottia smallii (Wiegand) Szlach. – Appalachian Mountains of eastern US - kidneyleaf twayblade
Neottia smithiana Schltr. - Sichuan, Shaanxi
Neottia smithii (Schltr.) Szlach. - Sichuan
Neottia suzukii (Masam.) Szlach. - Taiwan
Neottia taibaishanensis P.H.Yang & K.Y.Lang - Shaanxi
Neottia taizanensis (Fukuy.) Szlach. - Taiwan
Neottia tenii Schltr. - Yunnan
Neottia tenuis (Lindl.) Szlach. - Tibet, Nepal, eastern Himalayas
Neottia tianschanica (Grubov) Szlach. - Xinjiang
Neottia unguiculata (W.W.Sm.) Szlach. - Myanmar
Neottia ussuriensis (Kom. & Nevski) Soó - Primorye region of Russia
Neottia × veltmanii (Case) Baumbach - Michigan (N. auriculata × N. convallarioides)
Neottia wardii (Rolfe) Szlach. - China, Tibet
Neottia yunnanensis (S.C.Chen) Szlach. - Yunnan
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment (former Listera only)
Neottieae genera
Myco-heterotrophic orchids
Fairmont (1040 East) is a streetcar stop in the Sugar House neighborhood of Salt Lake City, Utah, served by Utah Transit Authority's (UTA) S Line (previously known as the Sugar House Streetcar). The S Line provides service from this station to the city of South Salt Lake (where it connects with UTA's TRAX light rail system).
Description
The Fairmont stop (previously referred to as McClelland) is located at 2216 South McClelland Street (1040 East), immediately west of McClelland Street on the north side of Sugarmont Drive. The stop is on the southwest corner of the Granite Block. Just west of this stop the single set of tracks diverges to form another passing track at this stop, however the track do not yet merge heading east since the tracks end at the stop. The two side platforms are located on the far north and south sides tracks. There is very limited street side parking possible nearby, as well as possibly at Fairmont Park. The stop began service on December 8, 2013, and is operated by Utah Transit Authority.
The Fairmont stop is eastern terminus of Phase 1 of the S Line. In Phase 2, the S Line will continue east to Highland Drive and then head north on that street. It will continue heading north (as Highland Drive becomes South 1100 East at 2100 South) to end at 1700 South on South 1100 East (just west of the campus of Westminster College).
References
UTA streetcar stops
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2013
Railway stations in Salt Lake City
2013 establishments in Utah
Quantification may refer to:
Quantification (science), the act of counting and measuring
Quantification (machine learning), the task of estimating class prevalence values in unlabelled data
Quantifier (linguistics), an indicator of quantity
Quantifier (logic)
The Kelly Nunataks () are the nunataks that mark the eastern extremity of the Clark Mountains, in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica. They were mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–65, and were named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for John David Kelly, a United States Antarctic Research Program ionospheric physicist at Byrd Station, 1968.
References
Nunataks of Marie Byrd Land
Callimetopus longior is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Karl-Ernst Hüdepohl in 1990.
References
Callimetopus
Beetles described in 1990
The Weismann barrier, proposed by August Weismann, is the strict distinction between the "immortal" germ cell lineages producing gametes and "disposable" somatic cells, in contrast to Charles Darwin's proposed pangenesis mechanism for inheritance. In more precise terminology, hereditary information moves only from germline cells to somatic cells (that is, somatic mutations are not inherited). This does not refer to the central dogma of molecular biology, which states that no sequential information can travel from protein to DNA or RNA, but both hypotheses relate to a gene-centric view of life.
Weismann set out the concept in their 1892 book Das Keimplasma: eine Theorie der Vererbung (The Germ Plasm: a theory of inheritance).
The Weismann barrier was of great importance in its day and among other influences it effectively banished certain Lamarckian concepts: in particular, it would make Lamarckian inheritance from changes to the body (the soma) difficult or impossible. It remains important, but has however required qualification in the light of modern understanding of horizontal gene transfer and some other genetic and histological developments. The use of this theory, commonly in the context of the germ plasm theory of the late 19th century, before the development of better-based and more sophisticated concepts of genetics in the early 20th century, is sometimes referred to as Weismannism. Some authors call Weismannist development (either preformistic or epigenetic) that in which there is a distinct germ line, differently of somatic embryogenesis. This type of development is correlated with the evolution of death of the somatic line.
Plants and basal animals
In plants, genetic changes in somatic lines can and do result in genetic changes in the germ lines, because the germ cells are produced by somatic cell lineages (vegetative meristems), which may be old enough (many years) to have accumulated multiple mutations since seed germination, some of them subject to natural selection. Likewise, basal animals such as sponges (Porifera) and corals (Anthozoa) contain multipotent stem cell lineages, that give rise to both somatic and reproductive cells. The Weismann barrier appears to be of a more recent evolutionary origin.
Immortality of the germ line
The Russian biologist and historian Zhores A. Medvedev, reviewing Weismann's theory a century later, considered that the accuracy of genome replicative and other synthetic systems alone could not explain the immortality of germ lines. Rather Medvedev thought that known features of the biochemistry and genetics of sexual reproduction indicated the presence of unique information maintenance and restoration processes at the different stages of gametogenesis. In particular, Medvedev considered that the most important opportunities for information maintenance of germ cells are created by recombination during meiosis and DNA repair; they saw these as processes within the germ cells that were capable of restoring the integrity of DNA and chromosomes from the types of damage that caused irreversible ageing in somatic cells.
See also
References
Genetics
Lamarckism
1892 in science
1892 in Germany
DeMarre LaEdrick Carroll (born July 27, 1986) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Houston Rockets of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Carroll was selected 27th overall by the Memphis Grizzlies in the 2009 NBA draft and has also played for the Houston Rockets, Denver Nuggets, Utah Jazz, Atlanta Hawks, Toronto Raptors, and Brooklyn Nets. Carroll formerly played for the University of Missouri and Vanderbilt University.  They are the nephew of former Missouri and former Arkansas men's basketball coach Mike Anderson.
High school career
A former standout at John Carroll Catholic High School in Birmingham, they teamed with Alabama point guard Ronald Steele to lead the Cavaliers to back-to-back Alabama Class 6A state titles. They earned first team All-State, All-Area, All-Region, All-District and All-Metro recognition as a junior and senior and helped JCCHS to a combined 67–3 mark their final two seasons, culminating in those consecutive state crowns. They averaged 17.8 points and 9.1 rebounds as a junior for John Carroll's undefeated 36–0 state championship squad, before recording averages of 19.7 points and 10.7 rebounds as a senior en route to the team's 31–3 championship season. They capped their prep career by scoring a game-high 27 points in the annual Alabama-Mississippi All-Star Game and was named MVP of the 2004 Alabama Class 6A State Tournament.
Considered a three-star recruit by Rivals.com, Carroll was listed as the No. 40 small forward and the No. 148 player in the nation in 2004.
College career
After a successful sophomore year at Vanderbilt, they surprised the team when they decided to transfer to Missouri in 2006 to play for their uncle Mike Anderson. Carroll helped lead Missouri to the Elite Eight (national quarterfinals) of the 2009 NCAA men's basketball tournament during their senior year. They were nicknamed the "Junkyard Dog" because of their toughness and relentless play.
Health issues
When Carroll came to Missouri, they complained of itchy legs, and was convinced that they were suffering from an allergy. After they were examined by several specialists, they came up with a considerably more serious diagnosis—liver disease. It was ultimately determined that Carroll would possibly need a liver transplant, but not for at least 20 years after their diagnosis and most likely after the end of any potential professional basketball career. Their illness was revealed several weeks before the 2009 NBA draft. At 1:30 a.m. on July 5, 2007, Carroll was shot in the ankle during a domestic dispute at a nightclub in Columbia, Missouri.
NBA career
Memphis Grizzlies (2009–2011)
Carroll was drafted in the first round, 27th overall, by the Memphis Grizzlies. They played primarily off the bench during their tenure with the Memphis Grizzlies. On December 14, 2010, they were assigned to the Dakota Wizards of the NBA D-League. They were recalled on January 5, 2011.
Houston Rockets (2011)
On February 24, 2011, Carroll was traded, along with Hasheem Thabeet and a future first-round draft pick, to the Houston Rockets in exchange for Shane Battier and Ish Smith. On April 11, 2011, they were waived by the Rockets.
Denver Nuggets (2011–2012)
On December 12, 2011, the Denver Nuggets made Carroll a non-guaranteed training camp invitee. They appeared in four games with the Nuggets during the 2011–12 regular season before being waived on February 4, 2012.
Utah Jazz (2012–2013)
On February 8, 2012, Carroll signed with the Utah Jazz.
Atlanta Hawks (2013–2015)
On August 3, 2013, Carroll signed with the Atlanta Hawks. On February 22, 2014, they scored a then career-high 24 points in the 107–98 win over the New York Knicks.
On December 23, 2014, Carroll scored a then career-high 25 points, while also grabbing a team-high 10 rebounds, in the 107–104 win over the Los Angeles Clippers. On February 4, 2015, they were part of the Hawks' starting line-up that were named the co-Kia Eastern Conference Players of the Month for January after the club compiled the first 17–0 record in a calendar month in league history. Five days later, they scored a career-high 26 points in the 117–105 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves.
Toronto Raptors (2015–2017)
On July 9, 2015, Carroll signed a four-year, $60 million contract with the Toronto Raptors. They made their debut for the Raptors in their season opener on October 28, 2015, recording 14 points and eight rebounds in a 106–99 win over the Indiana Pacers. On December 7, 2015, they were ruled out indefinitely with a bruised right knee. They returned to action on December 26 against the Milwaukee Bucks after missing nine straight games with the injury. They managed just five games before the same knee forced them to sit out the team's loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers on January 4, 2016. Two days later, they underwent surgery on their right knee. On April 7, 2016, they returned to action against the Atlanta Hawks after missing 41 games.
On January 8, 2017, Carroll tied a career high with 26 points and set a career high with six three-pointers on 10 attempts in a 129–122 loss to the Houston Rockets.
Brooklyn Nets (2017–2019)
On July 13, 2017, Carroll was traded, along with 2018 first and second round draft picks, to the Brooklyn Nets in exchange for Justin Hamilton. In their debut for the Nets in their season opener on October 18, 2017, Carroll scored 10 points in a 140–131 loss to the Indiana Pacers. On November 26, 2017, they scored a season-high 24 points in a 98–88 win over the Memphis Grizzlies.
San Antonio Spurs (2019–2020)
On July 6, 2019, Carroll was traded to the San Antonio Spurs in a three-team trade.
Return to Houston (2020)
After getting waived by the Spurs, Carroll was signed by the Houston Rockets on February 21, 2020.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Memphis
| 71 || 1 || 11.2 || .396 || .000 || .623 || 2.1 || .5 || .4 || .1 || 2.9
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Memphis
| 7 || 0 || 5.6 || .444 || .000 || 1.000 || 1.1 || .3 || .1 || .1 || 1.4
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Houston
| 5 || 0 || 2.2 || .000 || .000 || .000 || .0 || .4 || .0 || .0 || .0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Denver
| 4 || 0 || 5.3 || 1.000 || .000 || .000 || .8 || .8 || .0 || .0 || 3.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Utah
| 20 || 9 || 16.4 || .374 || .368 || .875 || 2.5 || .8 || .6 || .1 || 4.8
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Utah
| 66 || 12 || 16.8 || .460 || .286 || .765 || 2.8 || .9 || .9 || .4 || 6.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Atlanta
| 73 || 73 || 32.1 || .470 || .362 || .773 || 5.5 ||1.8|| 1.5 || .3 || 11.1
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Atlanta
| 70 || 69 || 31.3 || .487 || .395 || .702 || 5.3 || 1.7 || 1.3 || .2 ||12.6
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Toronto
| 26 || 22 || 30.2 || .389 || .390 || .600 || 4.7 || 1.0 || 1.7 || .2 || 11.0
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Toronto
| 72 || 72 || 26.1 || .401 || .341 || .761 || 3.8 || 1.0 || 1.1 || .4 || 8.9
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Brooklyn
| 73 || 73 || 29.9 || .414 || .371 || .764 || 6.6 || 2.0 || .8 || .4 || 13.5
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Brooklyn
| 67 || 8 || 25.4 || .395 || .342 || .760 || 5.2 || 1.3 || .5 || .1 || 11.1
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | San Antonio
| 15 || 0 || 9.0 || .310 || .231 || .600 || 2.1 || .7 || .1 || .1 || 2.2
|-
| align="left" |
| align="left" | Houston
| 9 || 0 || 17.2 || .432 || .250 || .773 || 2.7 || 1.6 || .7 || .3 || 6.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 578 || 339 || 23.7 || .430 || .358 || .741 || 4.2 || 1.3 || .9 || .3 || 8.9
Playoffs
|-
| align="left" | 2012
| align="left" | Utah
| 4 || 0 || 18.3 || .474 || .200 || .000 || 3.8 || .8 || .5 || .3 || 4.8
|-
| align="left" | 2014
| align="left" | Atlanta
| 7 || 7 || 35.1 || .469 || .409 || .636 || 4.9 || 1.6 || .7 || .4 || 8.9
|-
| align="left" | 2015
| align="left" | Atlanta
| 16 || 16 || 34.9 || .486 || .403 || .780 || 6.1 || 2.0 || 1.1 || .3 || 14.6
|-
| align="left" | 2016
| align="left" | Toronto
| 20 || 19 || 29.8 || .390 || .328 || .750 || 4.1 || .9 || .9 || .4 || 8.9
|-
| align="left" | 2017
| align="left" | Toronto
| 10 || 7 || 15.5 || .405 || .318 || .556 || 2.7 || .5 || .8 || .5 || 4.2
|-
| align="left" | 2019
| align="left" | Brooklyn
| 5 || 3 || 23.8 || .237 || .292 || 1.000 || 4.0 || .4 || .8 || .0 || 6.6
|-
| align="left" | 2020
| align="left" | Houston
| 3 || 0 || 3.0 || .500 || .000 || .000 || 1.5 || .5 || .0 || .0 || 1.0
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 64 || 52 || 27.4 || .426 || .353 || .752 || 4.3 || 1.1 || .9 || .3 || 8.9
Awards
2004 High School 6A Finals MVP
2004 Alabama-Mississippi Game MVP
2007 Rivals.com Top Transfer
2009 First Team All-Big 12
2009 Academic All-Big 12 Team
2009 Big 12 men's basketball tournament MVP
References
External links
Missouri Tigers bio
1986 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Canada
American men's basketball players
American shooting survivors
Atlanta Hawks players
Basketball players from Birmingham, Alabama
Brooklyn Nets players
Dakota Wizards players
Denver Nuggets players
Houston Rockets players
Memphis Grizzlies draft picks
Memphis Grizzlies players
Missouri Tigers men's basketball players
San Antonio Spurs players
Small forwards
Toronto Raptors players
Utah Jazz players
Vanderbilt Commodores men's basketball players
Wan Hashim bin Wan Teh is a Malaysian politician from UMNO. They were the Member of Parliament for Gerik from 2004 to 2008.
Early career
They were a former lecturer of UKM before they became a politician.  They are now the dean of Faculty of Defence Management Studies of National Defence University of Malaysia.
Political career
In 2004, they were nominated to compete 2004 Malaysian general election for Gerik and won the seat against the PAS candidate, Ramli Tusin.
Election results
Honours
:
Companion of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia (J.S.M.) (1999)
:
Knight Commander of the Order of the Perak State Crown (DPMP) – Dato' (1991)
References
United Malays National Organisation politicians
National University of Malaysia faculty
Living people
Companions of the Order of Loyalty to the Crown of Malaysia
Year of birth missing (living people)
Obri is a panchayat village in Rajasthan in western India. Administratively it is under Sagwara Tehsil of Dungarpur district, Rajasthan. Obri is the only village in the gram panchayat.
Intro
Obri is a beautiful village situated in Vaagar area of Rajasthan, surrounded by water on each side. It is just west of the Moran River. It is a very scenic village and has a major market. It is a major revenue generating village. There is a beautiful kund 'Suryakunda' in the village with Gomukh, wherefrom a continuous flow of water can be seen. Also, a 'Vadikhand temple' of spiritual importance lies at a beautiful location midst of farms outside village.
Infrastructure
Obri is not connected with any main road, so transportation can be a problem.
Education level
Obri has around 8–10 schools, including a main Government Senior Secondary school, Government middle school, Holy Faith Public Secondary School and other 5–6 private schools, etc. Around 76% of Obri's population is educated, in which half of them have graduate level education. A few people have higher level education,including doctor, CA, engineer, lawyer, computer engineer, police officers etc. Obri Senior school has a record 100% result for five consecutive years in commerce stream. Obri has 17 CA which is highest in Dungarpur.
Economics
Obri has a good financial status among all Dungarpur villages,with most of its revenues coming from shops around the village. An ample number of people are in Kuwait earning handsome amounts of money. Youngsters either have their own business in Obri itself or are working in Ahmedabad, Mumbai, or nearby cities. Many of the people also generate income by farming.
Demographics
As of the 2011 census there were 1,144 families living in Obri village for a total of 5,243 inhabitants, of which 2,600 were male (49.6%) while 2,643 were female (50.4%).
Religion
The village has around 12 major Hindu castes and also has a good number of Muslim families and celebrating their festivals joyously.all the festival celebrate all religion together
Festivals
Obri celebrates a variety of festivals, among which the most famous Hindus festival are Holi, Diwali, Ravadi, Navratri, Dasehra,Janmastami etc. Futra is one of the major attractions in Obri. It is on the fifth day of Holi Festival and very famous among the ten surrounding villages of Obri. More than ten thousand people have gathered together to watch the Futra festival.
Basic Necessities
Obri is up to date with most of the required things in the present scenario, including electricity, water, education, all mobile services, broadband, cable, bus and transportation, bank, etc. The only thing Obri does not have is a police station, which in fact is not needed as there is very low crime rate. No doubt Obri has very low crime rate but police station is one of the most requirement.
Nearby villages/towns
Obri is surrounded by medium and small sized villages including Decha, Virat, Barbodaniya, Aantri, Gada Vejaniya, Piplagunj, Gamda Brahmaniya, Govadi, Colony, Sagwara, Gata Ka Gaon, Favta, Gotad, Khadagda, Ambada, Chadoli, Simalwara,bansiya.
In East - Jhora patali, daiyana, Gotad,Khadagada,Ambada, Urban (Sagwara) etc.
In West - Decha, Favta, Borkhed, etc.
In North - Virat, Biliya Badgama, Antri etc.
In South - PARDA MEHTA, Ghata ka Gaon, Chadoli, Bhemai, Bansiya, Simalwara(Tehsil) etc.
In North-East - Gada vejania, Barbodania, Piplagunj, Gamra Brahmania, Govadi,
References
Villages in Dungarpur district
FC Viktoriya Mykolaivka () is an amateur Ukrainian football from Mykolaivka, Bilopillia Raion. The club is owned by an agriculture company LNZ Group.
History
The club was created in 2015.
Honours
Ukrainian Football Amateur League
Winners (2): 2017–18, 2019–20
Runners-up (1): 2018–19
Ukrainian Amateur Cup
Runners-up (2): 2017–18, 2019–20
Sumy Oblast Championship
Runners-up (2): 2015, 2016
Sumy Oblast Winter Championship
Winner (1): 2016
Sumy Oblast Cup
Runners-up (2): 2015
Current squad
Head coaches
2015 – 2021 Artem Radionov
2021 – 2022 Anatoliy Bezsmertnyi
2022 – present Volodymyr Romanenko (caretaker)
See also
FC LNZ-Lebedyn
References
External links
Official website. (archived)
Association football clubs established in 2015
2015 establishments in Ukraine
Football clubs in Sumy Oblast
Ukrainian Second League clubs
The Himalayan woodpecker (Dendrocopos himalayensis) is a species of bird in the family Picidae. It is found in the northern regions of the Indian subcontinent, primarily the Himalayas and some adjoining areas, and ranges across Afghanistan, India, Nepal, Bhutan and Pakistan. Its natural habitats are boreal forests and temperate forests. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Description
A medium-sized, pied woodpecker reaching a length of about . Glossy black above with broad white patches from shoulder to lower back, limited white barring on flight feathers and clean white tail edgings. Underparts and head white or plain pale buff with black Y-shaped mark on neck and cheeks. The crown is red in males and black in females. Black marks under eyes are unique and distinguish it from other species. Vent and under-tail coverts red or pink. Iris chestnut, beak blackish and legs grey. The juvenile is duller, greyish-black above, and with vent and under-tail areas less vivid and crown greyish with some red (in both sexes).
Ecology
The Himalayan woodpecker is found at altitudes between . Its habitat is either wet or dry upland forest with either deciduous or coniferous trees, and often with rhododendrons. It forages individually, usually on trunks and large branches but sometimes on the ground. Its diet is varied, with insects, fruits, seeds and sap. It sometimes hammers fir cones on stones to extract the seeds.
Status
The Himalayan woodpecker has a wide range and is generally a common or fairly common bird. No particular threats have been recognized and the population trend is thought to be steady. The International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
Gallery
References
Himalayan woodpecker
Birds of Afghanistan
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Pakistan
Himalayan woodpecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Ninomiya was born in Oita Prefecture on November 23, 1982. After graduating from high school, they joined J1 League club Avispa Fukuoka in 2001. However they could not play at all in the match and Avispa was relegated to J2 League end of 2001 season. They debuted in 2002 Emperor's Cup and played 2 matches. However they could only play these matches until 2003. In 2004, they moved to their local club Hoyo in Prefectural Leagues.
Club statistics
References
External links
j-league
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Ōita Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Avispa Fukuoka players
Verspah Oita players
Association football midfielders
John Howard Coble (March 18, 1931 – November 3, 2015) was a U.S. Representative for , serving from 1985 to 2015. They were a member of the Republican Party. The district includes all or portions of ten counties in the northern-central part of the state, including portions of Greensboro and Durham.
Early life, education, and pre-political career
Coble was born in Greensboro, North Carolina, the son of Johnnie E. (Holt) and Joseph Howard Coble. After high school, they initially attended Appalachian State University, but after a year joined the United States Coast Guard, serving for over 5 years and staying on as a reservist for an additional 18 years. Upon discharging from military service, they attended Guilford College, from which they received a history degree. They were a member of the Epsilon Iota chapter of Pi Kappa Phi fraternity at The University of North Carolina at Greensboro. Coble then moved on to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and earned a degree in law.
After graduating from college, Coble first worked as an insurance agent. They then spent nearly 20 years as a practicing attorney, and they were also Secretary of Revenue under North Carolina Governor James Holshouser. In 1979, Coble was elected to the North Carolina House of Representatives, serving until their election to Congress.
U.S. House of Representatives
Elections
Coble was first elected to Congress in 1984, narrowly defeating Walter Cockerham in the primary 51%–49%. In the general election, they defeated one-term Democratic incumbent Robin Britt 51%–49%. Coble was likely the beneficiary of long coattails from Ronald Reagan, who carried the district by a nearly 2-to-1 margin. In 1986, they defeated Britt in a rematch, which was an even closer 50.03%–49.97% and Coble won by only 79 votes (the closest margin of victory that year). They would never face another contest nearly that close, and would be reelected 13 more times with 61% or more of the vote. In July 2008, Coble won the Republican primary unopposed and became North Carolina's longest-serving Republican U.S. member of congress, surpassing former U.S. Congressman Jim Broyhill (who was also elected to 12 terms but left the House in July 1986 to fill a vacant U.S. Senate seat). Coble announced in 2013 that they would not run for another term in 2014, and would retire after 30 years in Congress.
Tenure
In the 105th United States Congress Coble moved to suspend the rules and pass the NET Act on November 4, 1997, which removed the requirement of financial gain for criminal prosecution of copyright violation. The NET Act was passed only after the House suspended the rules.
Coble was a strong supporter of agriculture and had voted in favor of bills to protect agriculture. Coble opposed further regulation of tobacco because they believed it would hurt North Carolina tobacco planters.
Coble took a hard-line position on illegal drugs, and co-sponsored a resolution to oppose the legalization and use of medical marijuana. They also voted for an amendment to authorize drug testing on federal employees. However, they authored a resolution to celebrate the passage of the Twenty-first Amendment, which repealed the Prohibition of alcoholic beverages in the United States. Coble was also a member of the Tea Party Caucus, joining Sue Myrick and Walter B. Jones as the sole members of the North Carolina Congressional delegation to join the group.
Coble pledged not to receive any pension from the United States government. They told CBS Up to the Minute, "I figured taxpayers pay my salary – not a bad salary, and I figure that's sufficient. Let me fend for myself after the salary's collected." They also stated to CBS, "I've pledged my assurance I won't take the pension. That's between my constituents and me. As far as convicted felons, I guess that's between their constituents and themselves." They were one of two Congressmen, with Ron Paul, to have pledged to decline their pension.
However, during the government shutdown in October 2013. Coble said that although 800,000 federal workers are furloughed and not receiving a paycheck, they will still collect their salary due to a requirement of law. Coble was one of the 87 Republicans who voted for the bill to end the shutdown on October 16.
In June 2013, Coble announced introduction of new legislation to reform the congressional pension program. Coble refused to participate in the congressional pension program, stating that reforming congressional pensions was long overdue and that the bill would lengthen the time of service required before a member would be eligible for participation in the pension program.
Legislation sponsored
The bill To extend the Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988 for 10 years (H.R. 3626; 113th Congress) was introduced in the House on December 2, 2013 by Coble. The bill would extend the Undetectable Firearms Act of 1988 for an additional 10 years, but would not expand any of its provisions (related to plastic guns). The bill passed the House on December 3, 2013.
Coble also sponsored the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA), in 1997, a bill fundamental to the foundation of internet law. It would come into effect in the year 2000.
Committee assignments
Committee on the Judiciary
Subcommittee on Courts, Commercial and Administrative Law (Chairman)
Subcommittee on Intellectual Property, Competition, and the Internet
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure
Subcommittee on Aviation
Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation
Subcommittee on Highways and Transit
Caucus memberships
Congressional Fire Services Caucus
Congressional Caucus on Turkey and Turkish Americans
International Conservation Caucus
Republican Study Committee
Sportsmen's Caucus
Tea Party Caucus
Personal life
As a young man, Coble frequently enjoyed eating a breakfast of Rose brand pork brains in milk gravy and eggs. According to a quote from Coble appearing alongside their family recipe for "Breakfast Brains N' Eggs," the breakfast was "fairly regular" and "not at all unusual".
Coble was a member of the Guilford College Board of Visitors and of the U.S. Coast Guard Academy Board of Visitors.
They were a Freemason and member of Guilford Lodge number 656 in Greensboro.
Coble had skin cancer for many years among other ailments. They were admitted to intensive care in September 2015 after complications from skin cancer surgery. They died in hospital on November 3, 2015, in Greensboro, North Carolina at the age of 84 from complications of the surgery.
Electoral history
|+ : Results 1984–2012
! Year
!
! Republican
! Votes
! %
!
! Democratic
! Votes
! %
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
! %
!
! Third Party
! Party
! Votes
! %
!
|-
|1984
||
| |Howard Coble
| |102,925
| |51%
|
| |Robin Britt
| |100,263
| |49%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|1986
||
| |Howard Coble
| |72,329
| |50%
|
| |Robin Britt
| |72,250
| |50%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|1988
||
| |Howard Coble
| |116,534
| |62%
|
| |Tom Gilmore
| |70,008
| |38%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|1990
||
| |Howard Coble
| |125,392
| |67%
|
| |Helen Allegrone
| |62,913
| |33%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|1992
||
| |Howard Coble
| |162,822
| |71%
|
| |Robin Hood
| |67,200
| |29%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|1994
||
| |Howard Coble
| |98,355
| |100%
|
| |No candidate
| |
| |
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|1996
||
| |Howard Coble
| |167,828
| |73%
|
| |Mark Costley
| |58,022
| |25%
|
| |Gary Goodson
| |Libertarian
| |2,693
| |1%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|1998
||
| |Howard Coble
| |112,740
| |89%
|
| |No candidate
| |
| |
|
| |Jeffrey Bentley
| |Libertarian
| |14,454
| |11%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|2000
||
| |Howard Coble
| |195,727
| |91%
|
| |No candidate
| |
| |
|
| |Jeffrey Bentley
| |Libertarian
| |18,726
| |9%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|2002
||
| |Howard Coble
| |151,430
| |90%
|
| |No candidate
| |
| |
|
| |Tara Grubb
| |Libertarian
| |16,067
| |10%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|2004
||
| |Howard Coble
| |207,470
| |73%
|
| |William Jordan
| |76,153
| |27%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|2006
||
| |Howard Coble
| |108,433
| |71%
|
| |Rory Blake
| |44,661
| |29%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|2008
||
| |Howard Coble
| |221,008
| |67%
|
| |Teresa Bratton
| |108,873
| |33%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|2010
||
| |Howard Coble
| |156,252
| |75%
|
| |Sam Turner
| |51,507
| |25%
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|-
|2012
||
| |Howard Coble
| |222,116
| |61%
|
| |Tony Foriest
| |142,467
| |39%
|
| |Hugh Chauvin
| |Libertarian
| |4,847
| |2%
|
| |Brandon Parmer
| |Green
| |2,017
| |1%
|
References
External links
Profile at SourceWatch
1931 births
2015 deaths
American Presbyterians
Appalachian State University alumni
Deaths from cancer in North Carolina
Deaths from skin cancer
Guilford College alumni
Members of the North Carolina House of Representatives
North Carolina lawyers
Politicians from Greensboro, North Carolina
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from North Carolina
State cabinet secretaries of North Carolina
Tea Party movement activists
United States Coast Guard captains
University of North Carolina School of Law alumni
20th-century American politicians
Activists from North Carolina
21st-century American politicians
United States Coast Guard personnel of the Korean War
20th-century American lawyers
United States Coast Guard reservists
