Rowen is located on the railroad northwest of Keene, at an elevation of .
A post office operated at Rowen from 1906 to 1908.
References
Unincorporated communities in Kern County, California
Unincorporated communities in California
State Route 183 (SR 183) is a north/south state Highway in eastern Ohio. Its southern terminus is SR 800 in Sandy Township, approximately east of Sandyville and less than south of East Sparta. Its northern terminus is SR 14 in Edinburg Township near Interstate 76, about southeast of Ravenna. The current route was commissioned in 1962.
History
At the 1923 Ohio state highway renumbering, a previous State Route 183 was established in Lucas County in an area that was later annexed by the city of Toledo. Its southern terminus was at U.S. 24 (South Detroit Avenue) and followed Byrne Road for its entire length, a short section of Dorr Street, Secor Road from Dorr Street to Whiteford Center Road, and Whiteford Center Road from Secor Road to the Ohio–Michigan border, which served as the route's northern terminus. This route was decommissioned in 1951.
Most modern State Route 183 was part of a larger State Route 80 established in 1923, with a southern terminus at the modern southern end of SR 183 in Sandy Township at what was then State Route 8 and a northern terminus at the original State Route 16 in Welshfield, which became U.S. Route 422 by 1927. It was extended north in 1939 from Welshfield to State Route 87 in Burton. As part of the creation of the Ravenna Army Ammunition Plant, the section of SR 80 between State Route 88 in Freedom and State Route 14 in Edinburg was decommissioned in 1941 with the section from Freedom north redesignated as State Route 700 in 1942.
The current alignment of SR 183 was done in two parts. In 1937 the portion of the road between Alliance and U.S. 224 was made part of State Route 225 and the portion of SR 80 between Alliance and Atwater was rerouted further west, following State Route 619 west from Alliance and then turning north on Atwater Avenue NE, passing through Limaville and continuing to the junction with U.S. 224 in Atwater Center. In 1948, the portion between Limaville and Alliance was rerouted along the current SR 183 alignment using Iowa Avenue NE heading northeast from Alliance, passing through the western edge of Limaville. The short cosign with U.S. 224 in Atwater was added in 1958 as part of a realignment of U.S. 224 between Atwater and Akron that constructed a separate highway to parallel Waterloo Road. The route was designated as State Route 183 in 1962, as part of the state's redesignation of highways with the same route number as the new interstate highways in Ohio. SR 80 signage was removed by June 1963.
Major intersections
References
183
Transportation in Carroll County, Ohio
Transportation in Tuscarawas County, Ohio
Transportation in Stark County, Ohio
Transportation in Portage County, Ohio
Club Deportivo Marte was a Mexican football club.
History
The club began in Mexico City, but in the 1950s they moved to Cuernavaca, Morelos, Mexico. The early club mainly consisted of Mexican soldiers, hence the name, in homage of the Roman god of war.
Amateur era
The first tournament played by the club was during the 1928–29 season. In the early era, the club won two of its three titles.
First title
The first title came in the 1928–29 season, its first year. The club finished with 14 points from 8 matches, with a total of 7 victories and only 1 loss (at the time there were 2 points for a victory). The club made up a part of the Mexico national team in the 1930 FIFA World Cup in Uruguay.
Honours
Amateur Era: 2
1928-29, 1942–43
Primera División: 1
1953-54
Segunda División Profesional: 1
Verano 2000
Amateur Era: 1
1943 (Marte vs. Moctezuma)
Campeón de Campeones: 1
1954 (Marte vs. América)
Goalscorer title
Manuel Alonso (1942–43), (16 goals)
Marco A. de Almeida (1994–95), (15 goals)
See also
Football in Mexico
References
Defunct football clubs in Morelos
Association football clubs established in 1928
1928 establishments in Mexico
Ascenso MX teams
Primera Fuerza teams
That Was Then This Is Now is an album released by Minneapolis musician, Wain McFarlane in 2001.
Track listing
All Right - 4:08
I'll Have My Day - 4:55
I'm Coming Back - 5:08
Blackstar - 3:42
Lucky - 4:47
Dreamer - 5:13
That Was Then This Is Now - 4:19
Bitch - 3:55
Bridges - 5:04
Never Seen You Cry - 4:11
See also
Wain McFarlane
External links
Wain McFarlane's MySpace
That Was Then This Is Now on MSN Music
2001 albums
Nothing Is Quick in the Desert is the fourteenth studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy. The album was released on June 30, 2017, on Bandcamp.
Background
“‘Nothing Is Quick In The Desert‘ is a saying I use when the average person looks at the record industry,” Chuck D said in a statement. “It looks dead like a desert. But there's plenty of life in the desert when one is educated on what they see and hear. There, a cactus absorbs and stores water deep in its root, taken from the air itself and certain creatures thrive in that dry heat whereas the average cannot. It pays to be above average (or well below it) in the desert for survival. The music industry is similar in that analogy. It's still in motion, it just needs redefinition.”
The album features guest appearances from such artists as Ice-T, Mo Bee, Prophets of Rage, EPMD's Parrish Smith, Solé, and Sammy Vegas
Critical reception
Nothing Is Quick In The Desert received generally positive reviews from music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 71 based on 6 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews".
Track listing
References
2017 albums
Public Enemy (band) albums
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1704.
Events
July – The Storm: or, a collection of the most remarkable casualties and disasters which happen'd in the late dreadful tempest, both by sea and land, a documentary account by Daniel Defoe of the Great Storm of 1703 in England, is published in London by John Nutt.
December – John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough, arrives back in Britain after their victory at the Battle of Blenheim. The English architect and dramatist Sir John Vanbrugh is commissioned by Queen Anne to begin Blenheim Palace.
unknown dates
A Tale of a Tub, the first major satire by Jonathan Swift (written 1694–1697), is published in London by John Nutt with The Battle of the Books as part of the prolegomena, running through three editions this year.
Antoine Galland publishes the first volume of Les mille et une nuits, the first translation of One Thousand and One Nights into a European language.
New books
Prose
Joseph Addison – The Campaign
Mary Astell – A Fair Way with Dissenters and their Patrons (reply to Defoe)
Willem Bosman – Nauwkeurige beschrijving van de Guinese Goud- Tand- en Slavekust (A new and accurate description of the coast of Guinea, divided into the Gold, the Slave, and the Ivory coasts)
William Chillingworth – The Works of William Chillingworth
Mary Davys – The Amours of Alcyippus and Leucippe
Daniel Defoe
The Address
The Dissenters Answer to the High-Church Challenge
An Elegy on the Author of the True-Born English-man
An Essay on the Regulation of the Press (attrib.)
Giving Alms No Charity, and Employing the Poor a Grievance to the Nation
A Hymn to Victory
More Short-Ways with the Dissenters
A Review of the Affairs of France
The Storm
John Dennis – The Person of Quality's Answer to Mr Collier's Letter
"Dictionnaire de Trévoux" (Dictionnaire universel françois et latin)
Andrew Fletcher – An Account of a Conversation Concerning a Right Regulation of Governments for the Good of Mankind
Pierre Jurieu – Histoire critique des dogmes et des cultes
White Kennett – The Christian Scholar (attrib.)
Sarah Kemble Knight – The Journals of Madam Knight
Charles Leslie – The Wolf Stript of their Shepherd's Clothing (against Defoe'sShortest Way)
Paul Lucas – Voyage du Sieur Paul Lucas au Levant
Bernard de Mandeville – Typhon
Isaac Newton – Opticks
Mary Pix – Violenta
George Psalmanazar – An Historical and Geographical Description of Formosa (hoax)
Matthew Prior – A Letter to Monsieur Boileau Depreaux
Jonathan Swift
A Tale of a Tub
The Battle of the Books
Drama
Thomas Baker – An Act at Oxford
Colley Cibber – The Careless Husband
William Congreve, John Vanbrugh, William Walsh – Squire Trelooby
David Crauford – Love At First Sight
John Dennis – Liberty Asserted
George Farquhar – The Stage Coach
Nicholas Rowe -The Biter
Richard Steele – The Lying Lover
William Taverner – The Faithful Bride of Granada
Joseph Trapp – Abra-Mule
Poetry
William Wycherley – Miscellany Poems
See also 1704 in poetry
Births
January 1 – Soame Jenyns, English poet and essayist (died 1787)
February 12 – Charles Pinot Duclos, French writer (died 1772)
April – Thomas Osborne, English publisher and bookseller (died 1767)
June 16 – Joseph Thurston, English poet (died 1732)
June 22 – John Taylor, English classicist (died 1766)
August 11 – James Miller, English playwright, poet and satirist (died 1744)
unknown dates
John Adams, American poet (died 1740)
Yuan Mei (袁枚), Chinese poet, diarist and gastronome (died 1797)
Deaths
January 15 – Henry Herringman, English bookseller and publisher (born 1628)
February 23 – Henry Noris, Italian church historian and theologian (born 1631)
April 12 – Jacques Bénigne Bossuet, French writer (born 1627)
June 18 – Tom Brown, English satirist (born 1662)
July 9 – Yan Ruoqu (閻若璩), Chinese scholar and polymath (born 1636)
July 24 – István Gyöngyösi, Hungarian poet (born 1620)
August 19 – Jane Leade, English visionary and Christian mystic writer (born 1624)
October 28
John Locke, English philosopher (born 1632)
Goodwin Wharton, English autobiographer and politician (born 1653)
December 11 – Roger L'Estrange, English Royalist pamphleteer (born 1616)
unknown date – Barbara Blaugdone, English Quaker autobiographer (born c. 1609)
References
Years of the 18th century in literature
Richard Daniel Burnett (October 8, 1883 – January 23, 1977) was an American folk musician and songwriter from Kentucky.
Burnett was born near Monticello, Kentucky. Blind for most of their life, they were a full-time travelling entertainer. With fiddler Leonard Rutherford they formed a long touring partnership, and a brief recording career in which they sang a number of popular and influential sides with Burnett on banjo or guitar.
Burnett has been described as "one of the great natural songsters, a man who collected, codified, and transmitted some of our best traditional songs. Dick was also a skilful composer and folk poet of considerable skill; their "Man of Constant Sorrow" remains one of the most evocative country songs."
Early life
Burnett was born in the area around the head of Elk Springs about seven miles north of Monticello. They remembered little of their farming parents. Their father died when they were only four and their mother died when they were twelve. Burnett did say that their mother told them how their father would carry them in their arms when they were only four years old and they would help their dad sing. Burnett's grandparents were of German and English descent and that particular ancestral influence would be instrumental in forming Burnett's musical career. At the age of seven, Burnett was playing the dulcimer; at nine they were playing the banjo, and at thirteen they had learned to play the fiddle. Unusually for the time, they also learned the guitar, which was still a novelty in that area.
As a teenager, then as a married man with a child, Dick Burnett worked extensively as a wheat thresher, logger, oil driller and oilfield tool fitter. Then in 1907 they sustained a gunshot explosion in their face while fighting off a mugger. Surgeons were unable to save their eyesight, so they resorted to supporting themselves and their family by their music. Almost prophetically, their boss made the following statement to Burnett: "Well, you can still make it; you can make it with your music.
Musicians in Wayne County could elicit small change from audiences drawn from people frequenting or passing through the Monticello Courthouse Square. To earn a proper income, Dick was forced to travel to as many different places as they could reach by train or on foot. At other courthouses, at rail stations and on street corners, they would perform to attract a crowd. While other street musicians might place a hat on the ground, they accepted contributions in a tin cup tied to their leg.
Even before they lost their sight, they had sought to enlarge their repertoire by composing their own songs. They felt that they had "learned the rudiments of music" by virtue of attending five singing schools and studying one book "up to where I could compose my own songs, set the music to it, and time it out". With this confidence, they composed more and more songs, which increased their earning power in two ways: they added novelty to their performance; and they could earn extra by selling the lyrics. For the most part they had individual song lyrics printed on cards they called "ballets", but occasionally they compiled songbooks such as their 1913 compilation of six songs. Some of these were from other singers, dealing with disasters such as the sinking of the Titanic and the wreck of the FFV but two were notably personal: the autobiographical Song of the Orphan Boy, which was later recorded but not released, and the semi-autobiographical Farewell Song, with its opening line "I am a man of constant sorrow". Burnett themselves never recorded the song, but their friend Emry Arthur learned it and recorded it accompanied their brother Henry using the opening line as title. The Arthur family lived in Wayne County not far from Monticello, and shared many songs with Burnett. They recalled learning one song from a ballet card from a third brother Sam. They acquired more ballets by exchanges with other blind musicians they met on their travels. Having learned the tune by listening, they would have the lyrics read to them until they had learned the whole song.
To add further variety to their increasingly rich repertoire, Dick Burnett purchased novelty gadgets that made non-musical noises. These sounds, together with shouts and dance calls, added an element of extrovert showmanship to their performances, which they described as "monkey business".
Burnett and Rutherford
In around 1914, Burnett proposed to solve the problem of travelling as a blind man by employing teenaged Leonard Rutherford as sighted companion. Their first trip together was to the nearby Laurel County Fair, then young Leonard spent more and more time with the older man, becoming a permanent companion when their parents died. Burnett was not their only music teacher; they learned from other South Kentucky fiddlers, including the African American Cuje Bertram. But playing with Dick made them a professional musician, and from them they learned the old style of playing in unison with the banjo. As their fiddling improved, it became profitable to range further afield by horse bus and railroad. Eventually Burnett bought a car, which Rutherford learned to drive, thus allowing them to travel in Burnett's words "from Cincinnati to Chattanooga" playing "every town this side of Nashville".
They traveled by bus, Model A, and on foot to any place they could and sing. From about 1914 until 1950, the pair became so popular that they found themselves in the company of most all the popular mountain musicians of the time. They were "at home" in the presence of the Carter Family, Charlie Oaks, Arthur Smith and many others. They appeared at the Renfro Valley Barn Dance, on radio stations in Cincinnati, and finally, they would be some of the first old-time musicians to enter the recording studios.
One particularly profitable area for them was the coal fields of Virginia. It was in Bonny Blue Coal Camp, Virginia, in 1926, that they encountered a general store owner specialising in phonograph records, who recommended them to Columbia records.
In 1926 the country music sector of the recording industry was on the point of expansion. Columbia Records had started its dedicated 3500-D series 1924 for the Old Familiar Tunes country market, without many authentic southern performers. But Columbia had some success with groups such as the north Georgia Skillet Lickers, the Virginia Blue Ridge Highballers and the band of North Carolina Charlie Poole. Columbia's A&R manager Frank Walker was prepared to record more southern musicians, and invited Burnett and Rutherford to a November "field recording" session in November at a temporary studio in Atlanta.
At this first session Burnett and Rutherford recorded six sides, which were issued in 1927 as three 78 rpm records and sold very well. Country Music historian Charles Wolfe considers that the success of these records encouraged Frank Walker to shift Columbia's emphasis from studio singers such as Vernon Dalhart to authentic southern artists. The best seller of the three with Lost John A-side sold 37,600 copies in three years, an astonishing figure for that market at the time. Profitable as the records were for Columbia, Dick and Leonard received only sixty dollars per side and their expenses.
Dick Burnett did find a way to profit from their records. They bought many copies wholesale from Columbia and sold them at their performances, just as they had previously sold their ballets and songbooks.
Burnett and Rutherford were invited to the Columbia's next Atlanta sessions in April and November 1927. The ten numbers included Dicks' autobiographical Song Of The Orphan Boy, which was not issued, a record with two sides of dance tunes without a vocal (enlivened by Dick's "monkey business" in the form of kazoo and jew's harp imitations), and a version of Hesitation Blues backed by Dick's adaptation of the well-known Danville Girl. Another blues, All Night Long was backed by the ballad Wilie Moore, which was reissued on the influential 1952 Harry Smith Anthology of American Folk Music, thus introducing Burnett and Rutherford to the new market of the American folk music revival.
The next year, dissatisfied with their payment they broke from Columbia and recorded with Gennett Records. This involved travel to the Northern recording studio, but Gennett's base in Richmond, Indiana was more accessible from Kentucky than those of other Northern record companies. Newly partnered with guitarist Byrd Moore, they recorded five sides in October 1928. One of these was rejected, so Cumberland Gap was issued with a reverse recorded by Burnett and Moore with another fiddler, Charles Taylor.
Recording details
Click on a label to change the sorting.
References
External links
1001tunes.com
American folk musicians
Songwriters from Kentucky
1883 births
1977 deaths
Gennett Records artists
People from Wayne County, Kentucky
Folk musicians from Kentucky
Robert Carey Sumner (1729–1771) was Master of Harrow School in England.
Life
Born on 9 March 1728–9 at Windsor, they were grandson of a Bristol merchant and nephew of John Sumner the principal of Eton College. They were educated at Eton College and at King's College, Cambridge, where they were admitted a scholar on 18 December 1747 and a Fellow on 28 December 1750, graduating B.A. in 1752, and proceeding M.A. in 1755.
Sumner became assistant master at Eton in 1751, and then Master at Harrow School. Their marriage meant they vacated their fellowship. In 1768 they obtained the degree of D.D., and, dying on 12 September 1771, they were buried in Harrow church. They were the friend of Samuel Johnson and the master of Samuel Parr and Sir William Jones, both of whom in later years remembered them favourably. William Whately called them "the best schoolmaster in England".
Works
Sumner published Concio ad Clerum (London, 1768), which Samuel Parr praised for its Latinity.
Family
On 3 August 1760 Sumner married the sister of William Arden, a scholar of King's College.
Notes
External links
Attribution
1729 births
1771 deaths
Teachers at Eton College
People educated at Eton College
Fellows of King's College, Cambridge
People from Windsor, Berkshire
Headmasters of Harrow School
Pangea3 is a legal outsourcing services provider with headquarters in New York City, Noida, Bangalore and Mumbai, India. Pangea3 provides legal services and intellectual property services to in-house counsel in U.S., European and Japanese corporations and attorneys in international law firms. Pangea3 has been recognized as a leading legal outsourcing services company repeatedly since 2007, was voted best LPO in the New York Law Journal Reader Rankings from 2011 through 2013 and awarded LPO of the Year by India Business Law Journal from 2009 through 2013.
Pangea3 was founded in 2004 by former Monster.com General Counsel, David Perla, and former OfficeTiger CFO and General Counsel, Sanjay Kamlani. Pangea3's legal outsourcing services are managed and run primarily by U.S., U.K. and Indian attorneys. Pangea3 provides its legal outsourcing services from its India based offices and their Dallas, TX office.
In 2005, Pangea3 opened its first office in Mumbai with 35 employees. It has since grown to 1,000 U.S., U.K. and Indian attorneys, engineers, scientists and professionals providing global legal outsourcing services in seven offices across the United States and India. In 2006, Pangea3 received $4 million in Series B funding from the venture capital firm The GlenRock Group. A year later, it closed a $7 million Series C round of funding with venture capital firm Sequoia Capital India.
In early 2008, Pangea3 opened an ISO 97001 compliant facility at Andheri, in Mumbai, India. Created primarily to house its expanded legal services departments, the facility expanded Pangea3's capacity to 475 worldwide. In 2010, they became part of Thomson Reuters, a provider of information to legal and business professionals. In April 2019, Pangea3 was acquired by Ernst & Young.
In February 2020, Ernst & Young laid off many of the US-based Pangea3 attorneys who had been hired by Ernst & Young as part of the acquisition from Thomson Reuters.
Awards and Recognition for Legal Outsourcing Services
Voted Best LPO in the 2011 New York Law Journal Reader Rankings
Awarded LPO of the Year by India Business Law Journal for the last three years in a row (2009-2011) and also ranked as a Top 5 Legal Process Outsourcing (LPO) provider in each of their award categories: Best Overall LPOs, IP Services, Legal Support, Contract Services, Litigation Support, and Corporate Services.
Top 100 Fastest-Growing Private Company in America, 2009 Inc. 500|5000 List
Top 10 Company in the Business Products and Services Category, 2009 Inc. 500|5000 List
Top 10 Company in the NY, NJ & PA region, 2009 Inc. 500|5000 List
Top 50 Best Managed Global Outsourcing Vendor by Brown-Wilson Group'sBlack Book of Outsourcing, 2009
Top 5 Legal Outsourcing Vendor by Brown-Wilson Group's Black Book of Outsourcing, 2009
#1 Provider of Corporate Governance, Compliance, Due Diligence and Risk Services by the Brown-Wilson Group's Black Book of Outsourcing, 2009
Recognized as an exclusive LPO Participant to the General Counsel Roundtable's Preferred Pricing Program
Recognized as a leading intellectual property outsourcing services provider by Valuenotes, 2008
Ranked Top Legal Outsourcing Vendor by the Brown-Wilson Group's Black Book of Outsourcing, 2007
Recognized by Time Magazine as an Industry Leader in Legal Outsourcing Services, 2007
Recognized as a leading legal outsourcing provider by Valuenotes, 2007
Received the Market Leader Award for Legal Process Outsourcing by Frost & Sullivan, 2006
Controversy
Strategic Alliances
In 2008, Pangea3 announced that it is a member of the General Counsel Roundtable's Preferred Vendor Pricing Program. Pangea3 is the first and only legal outsourcing services provider participating in this program. The General Counsel Roundtable's Preferred Vendor Pricing Program gives its members exclusive discounts on legal services from leading legal services providers. Other participating legal services companies include Serengeti, Lumen Legal and Black Letter Discovery.
Recently on 19 November 2010, Pangea3 has been acquired by the financial news and business information provider, Thomson Reuters. The total deal was valued at $100 million.
See also
Legal outsourcing
Intellectual Property
Patent
Outsource
Business process outsourcing in India
Outsourcing
Offshoring
Patent Attorney
References
External links
Pangea3 official website
Companies based in Mumbai
Outsourcing companies
Companies established in 2005
2005 establishments in Maharashtra
Indian companies established in 2005
Dienov Andres Koka (born 2 August 1996) is a Congolese swimmer. They competed in the men's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics, where they ranked 82nd with a time of 28.00 seconds. They did not advance to the semifinals.
References
1996 births
Living people
Republic of the Congo male freestyle swimmers
Olympic swimmers of the Republic of the Congo
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Swimmers at the 2015 African Games
Swimmers at the 2019 African Games
African Games competitors for the Republic of the Congo
John Edward Ahern (December 4, 1934 – December 19, 2020) was an American politician of the Republican Party who served in the Washington House of Representatives, representing the 6th district from 2001 to 2009 and 2011 to 2013. Ahern was born in Havre, Montana, and lived with their family in Silver Springs, Maryland. They went to the University of Maryland and served in the United States Army Reserves. Ahern was a Catholic. They received their undergrad education from the University of Denver and had a law degree from Gonzaga University. They were involved with the office products and supplies business in Spokane, Washington.
Personal life
Ahern's wife was Nancy Ahern. They have three children. Ahern and their family live in Spokane, Washington.
Ahern died on December 19, 2020, in Spokane, Washington, at age 86.
References
1934 births
2020 deaths
Businesspeople from Spokane, Washington
Politicians from Spokane, Washington
People from Silver Spring, Maryland
People from Havre, Montana
Military personnel from Montana
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Washington (state) Republicans
Montana Republicans
Catholics from Washington (state)
University of Denver alumni
Gonzaga University alumni
Michellie Yvonne Jones ( ; born 6 September 1969) is an Australian triathlete. They have won two ITU Triathlon World Championships, an Olympic silver medal, and the 2006 Ironman World Championship. They won a gold medal at the 2016 Summer Paralympics as a guide for Katie Kelly, when paratriathlon made its debut at the Paralympics.
Personal life
Jones currently lives in Carlsbad, California.  They are a graduate from the University of Wollongong with a Diploma of Teaching in Primary Education in 1990. They have a twin sister, Gabrielle Jones.
Athletic career
Jones started competing in triathlons in 1990. In 1992 and 1993 they won the ITU Triathlon World Championships. In 1996, they won the inaugural XTERRA Triathlon World Championships. Jones would go on to further expand their triathlon résumé by winning the ITU Triathlon World Cup in 1998 and 1999. At the 2000 Summer Olympics Jones took the silver medal in the inaugural triathlon event with a total time of 2:00:42.55, only two seconds behind gold medalist Brigitte McMahon. Them split times were 19:43.88 for the swim, 1:05:32.90 for the cycling and 0:35:25.77 for the run.
After recently expanding into Iron distance competition, Jones took second place in the 2005 Ironman World Championship, losing the lead during the run to Natascha Badmann. This was only the second time that they competed in an iron distance triathlon. Later they won the 2006 Ironman Arizona Triathlon, finishing with a time of 9:12:53, and the Ironman Triathlon in Kailua-Kona, Hawaii in 9:18:31. With this victory, Jones became the first Australian woman to win a World Ironman Championship and it made them the second Australian in history to win the event, behind 1994 Men's World Champion, Greg Welch.
In May 2015, it was confirmed that Jones would be Australian paratriathlete Katie Kelly's new guide in the lead up to the 2016 Summer Paralympics. With Jones, they won the World Paratriathlon Event held in Yokohama, Japan on 16 May 2015. Kelly with guide Jones won their first World Championship title after a come-from-behind victory at the 2015 World Championships Final in Chicago. At the 2016 Rio Paralympics, Jones was the guide for Kelly when they won the gold medal in the Women's PT5 event.
Jones reflects on their medal win with Kelly stating: "This is so much better because when I think of everything KK (Katie Kelly) has been through and to be able of doing everything she's done in such short amount of time,” they said. “To me this is the best thing that I've ever done.” Jones expresses further explaining "Disability doesn't define you, it's what you do with it that does" They were made a Member of the Order of Australia in 2017.
References
External links
Official website
Ironman world champions
1969 births
Living people
Australian female triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Australia
Olympic silver medalists for Australia
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Paratriathletes at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic gold medalists for Australia
Medalists at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
Olympic medalists in triathlon
Sportswomen from New South Wales
Sportspeople from Carlsbad, California
University of Wollongong alumni
Sportspeople from Sydney
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Members of the Order of Australia
Paralympic medalists in paratriathlon
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Erich Irlstorfer (born 27 May 1970) is a German politician of the Christian Social Union in Bavaria (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2013.
Political career
Irlstorfer became a member of the Bundestag in the 2013 German federal election, representing the Freising district. In parliament, they have since been a member of the Committee on Health (since 2013) and the Subcommittee on Global Health (since 2018).
In the negotiations to form a coalition government under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel following the 2017 federal elections, Irlstorfer was part of the working group on health policy, led by Hermann Gröhe, Georg Nüßlein and Malu Dreyer.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1970 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
People from Freising
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Bon Chenar (, also Romanized as Bon Chenār) is a village in Garakan Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 413, in 98 families.
References
Populated places in Ashtian County
Histria Coral is a Chemical/Oil Products Tanker owned by the Romanian shipping company Histria Shipmanagement and is registered in Valletta, Malta.
History
Histria Coral was built by the Constanța Shipyard in 2006 as a ship used for the transportation of oil and oil products and chemical products.
The ship is chartered by the Italian oil and natural gas company Eni.
Technical description
The Histria Coral is equipped with a double hull, one two-stroke acting diesel engine MAN B&W 6S50MC-C with a capacity of directly acting on the propeller shaft and a four-bladed fixed propeller built by Wärtsilä Propulsion Netherlands. It also has another three auxiliary MAN B&W 6L23/30H diesel engines with a capacity of each. The ship has 14 hydraulically driven centrifugal deepwell Framo cargo pumps, 10 pumps with a capacity of 500 m3/hour, two pumps with a capacity of 200 m3/hour, one pump with a capacity of 100 m3/hour and one portable pump with a capacity of 150 m3/hour.
The ship is equipped with five manifolds, a discharge capacity of 3,000 m3/hour, a cargo handling capacity of 3,750 m3/hour, one Liebherr hose-handling crane with a reach of , an Alfa Lawal JWSP-26-C100 freshwater conversion plant with a capacity of 30 m3/day and a Jowa Bio STP3 sewage-treatment plant capable of sustaining 34 people. The ship has ten cargo tanks, two tanks with a capacity of 3,550 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 4,900 m3, four tanks with a capacity of 5,100 m3 and two slop tanks with a capacity of 1,000 m3.
References
Ships built in Romania
2006 ships
Merchant ships of Romania
EA Pacific (formerly known as Burst Studios and Westwood Pacific) was a developer formally owned by Virgin Interactive's North American operations, and was based in Irvine, California. Burst Studios was beset by production problems during its early years; Virgin Interactive's president of worldwide publishing, Brett W. Sperry, commented in 1997, "The way the Burst studio was structured made a lot of sense on paper, but for a variety of reasons, it wasn't delivering product at the end of the day." Burst Studios was acquired by Electronic Arts together with Westwood Studios and Virgin's North American publishing operations in August 1998. The company was later renamed to Westwood Pacific, under that name, the company developed or co-developed games like Nox and Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2.
It was later renamed to EA Pacific. Some actual Westwood Studios employees were still working with the studio. One of the senior modelers, who worked on Command & Conquer (1995), was part of the Command & Conquer: Generals (2003) team.
EA Pacific was absorbed into EA Los Angeles in 2003. Some employees then went to Petroglyph Games.
Games
Cancelled
Freak Boy
References
External links
Video game development companies
Electronic Arts
Defunct video game companies of the United States
Video game companies established in 1995
Video game companies disestablished in 2003
Defunct companies based in Greater Los Angeles
Margaret Orr is the chief meteorologist for WDSU in New Orleans.
Career
A graduate of Louisiana State University and a certificate holder from the meteorology program at Mississippi State University, Orr had a fascination with weather ever since Hurricane Betsy hit New Orleans in 1965. They started their weather forecasting career in Charleston, South Carolina but returned home to New Orleans in July 1979, when they joined WDSU, and they have remained there ever since. They co-hosted Breakfast Edition and also co-hosted World's Fair Show during the 1984 Louisiana World Exposition. In 2009, they were promoted to chief meteorologist after the semi-retirement of Dan Milham.  They are heavily involved in tracking hurricanes.
They hold a seal of approval from the American Meteorological Society and the National Weather Association.
Personal life
Orr grew up in New Orleans where they attended Louise S. McGehee High School graduating in 1971, and later attended and graduated from Louisiana State University in nearby Baton Rouge, while being a member of Kappa Alpha Theta.  They are married with three children and a dog named Bleu.
Notes
External links
Biography on the WDSU site
Margaret Orr on Twitter
Living people
American television meteorologists
Television anchors from New Orleans
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mattias Andréasson (born 29 March 1981 in Västerås), Swedish singer and Swedish Idol 2007 contestant (in which they came 5th place). As a student, they attended the Adolf Fredrik's Music School in Stockholm.  They are also known as dmaSOUL. They were part of Swedish band E.M.D., which was active between 2007 and 2010.
Idol
For their first audition in Idol 2007, Mattias sang the Musiq Soulchild hit Just Friends. During the Qualifying week they sang Never Again by Justin Timberlake, and Again by Lenny Kravitz.
Mattias was voted out of Idol on 16 November 2007, finishing 5th overall.
After Idol
Andréasson's version of Elton John's "Your Song" was released as a single and reached 48th place on the Swedish Singles Chart.
In E.M.D.
During Autumn 2007, they formed Swedish trio E.M.D., with previous Idol contestants Erik Segerstedt and Danny Saucedo. Their first single, a cover of Bryan Adams, Rod Stewart and Sting's hit "All For Love", rose to 3rd place on Hitlistan on 20 December of the same year. The band broke up in late 2010.
In Melodifestivalen 2012
Mattias Andréasson took part in Melodifestivalen 2012, a preliminary round to pick the representative of Sweden in the 2012 Eurovision Song Contest in Baku, by singing the song "Förlåt mig" (meaning Forgive Me in Swedish) written by him. They sang it in the third semi-final, held on 18 February 2012 in Tegera Arena, Leksand, but they did not qualify for the final.
Discography
Studio albums
2008: A State of Mind
2009: A State of Mind (Deluxe Edition)
2009: Välkommen hem
2010: Rewind
Solo
References
External links
Mattias Andréasson on Myspace
1981 births
Living people
People from Västerås
Idol (Swedish TV series) participants
E.M.D. members
Melodifestivalen contestants
Swedish-language singers
Highway 1 is an Iraqi highway which extends from Baghdad to Qamishli in Syria. It passes through Baqubah, Taji, Samarra, Tikrit and Mosul.
Roads in Iraq
Lists of medical abbreviations
Samoa First (), officially the Samoa First Political Party, is a political party in Samoa. The party is nationalist, supporting the protection of customary lands and opposing Chinese immigration. It is led by Unasa Iuni Sapolu.
The party was registered in July 2018. In March 2019 the party unsuccessfully contested the Fa'asalelega No. 2 byelection. Following the by-election the party's candidate, Lema'i Faioso Sione, was banished from their village for not supporting the candidate backed by the village council.
The party held its official launch in February 2020. It then began to prepare to contest the 2021 Samoan general election.
In May 2020 the party joined other opposition parties in calling for the Land and Titles Bill to be delayed.
The party launched its manifesto in October 2020, promising to repeal the Land Titles Registration Act 2008. It initially endorsed 10 candidates for the 2021 election. but ultimately only nominated 6. On 11 December 2020 the party announced an electoral alliance with the Tautua Samoa Party and Sovereign Independent Samoa Party, under which the parties would support each other's candidates in seats where they are not running against one another.
During the 2021 election the party did not win any seats and earned a total of 207 votes nationwide.
Electoral history
References
Political parties in Samoa
Politics of Samoa
Political organisations based in Samoa
Political parties established in 2018
Anti-immigration politics in Oceania
Anti-Chinese sentiment in Oceania
In re Labor Board, 304 U.S. 486 (1938), is a 5-to-2 decision by the Supreme Court of the United States which held that the National Labor Relations Act requires the filing of a petition and a transcript in order for an enforcement order to proceed in federal court, and that a writ of prohibition and writ of mandamus are appropriate measures to take in quashing a petition when no transcript has been filed.
Background
After the passage of the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) in 1935, the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) found itself attempting to enforce the law against hundreds of employers, most of whom refused to acknowledge the constitutionality of the NLRA or obey the Board's orders. The Board's practice was to have its Economic Division study the issues and report to the Board; order its attorneys in its Review Division to analyze the case and report to the Board; review the transcripts of the field office trial de novo; receive an oral report about the case from the trial examiner; and have the Chief Counsel's staff prepare a draft decision for Board consideration. But in Morgan v. United States, 298 U.S. 468 (1936) and Morgan v. United States, 304 U.S. 1 (1938), the Supreme Court held that parties in quasi-judicial hearings before the government had the right to be presented with the issues the government was considering, present the agency with a statement, review the proposed findings, review any tentative reports, and submit exceptions and argument to the agency before a final determination is made.
The steelworkers Organizing Committee (SWOC), a union affiliated with the Congress of Industrial Organizations, had attempted to organize the plants of Republic Steel for several years. On May 26, 1937, members of SWOC to strike Republic Steel. The strike soon spread to Bethlehem Steel, Inland Steel, Jones and Laughlin Steel Company, and Youngstown Sheet and Tube—the so-called "Little Steel" group (because each company was smaller than the giant U.S. Steel). The Little Steel Strike became one of the most famous in American history. Violence quickly engulfed many of the strikes, with both side employing violence. On May 30, 1937, members of the Chicago Police Department shot and killed 10 unarmed union demonstrators near the Republic Steel plant in Chicago in what later became known as the Memorial Day massacre. However, almost 200 SWOC members pleaded guilty to various felony charges (possession of explosives, destruction of property, obstructing passage of the mails, carrying concealed weapons, obstruction of the railroads, etc.) as well.
On June 18, 1937, SWOC filed unfair labor practice charges against Republic Steel for its actions in the Little Steel strike. On April 8, 1938, the NLRB ruled against Republic Steel, ordering the company to reinstate all but 11 strikers on the grounds that the company's "brutal acts of violence" had prompted the union violence. It also ordered Republic Steel to lay off all the replacement workers it had hired. Republic Steel President Tom M. Girdler denounced the decision in a lengthy interview on the front-page of The New York Times the next day, and declared they would not obey it.
Republic Steel filed a suit in federal court on April 18 to have the NLRB's order overturned. The second Morgan decision was issued on April 25, 1938. On May 16, 1938, the NLRB filed a writ of prohibition and writ of mandamus with the U.S. Supreme Court to have the petition quashed, since the agency was considering withdrawing its decision in light of the Morgan decisions.
Decision
Majority ruling
Associate Justice Owen Roberts wrote the decision for the majority, joined by Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes and Associate Justices Louis Brandeis, Hugo Black, and Stanley Forman Reed.
Roberts held that filing and serving a petition are not enough to complete a filing with the court of appeals regarding NLRB enforcement actions, and that a transcript of the Board's proceedings also must be filed. If the transcript has not been filed, the NLRB (not the court of appeals) retains the power to withdraw the decision, and the court has no authority to force it to file the transcript. Failure to file the transcript does not deny the petitioner of due process. A writ of prohibition and writ of mandamus, Roberts concluded, were appropriate remedies if the NLRB decided to withdraw its decision before it had filed the transcript.
Dissent
Associate Justice Pierce Butler dissented, joined by Associate Justice James Clark McReynolds.
Relying on In re New York & Porto Rico Steamship Co., 155 U.S. 523 (1895) and Ex Parte Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific Railway Company, 255 U.S. 273 (1921), Butler held that writs of prohibition and mandamus were appropriate only when the lower court had no jurisdiction to hear a case. The majority's ruling was flawed, they said, because it would allow the NLRB to avoid judicial review of its orders simply by not filing transcripts. Butler would have refused the writs.
Footnotes
Bibliography
Gross, James A. The Reshaping of the National Labor Relations Board: National Labor Policy in Transition, 1937-1947. Albany, N.Y.: State University of New York Press, 1981.
"Girdler Sees Bias in NLRB Decision." New York Times. April 11, 1938.
External links
1938 in United States case law
National Labor Relations Board litigation
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Hughes Court
United Steelworkers litigation
Anthony Joseph Shetler (born November 15, 1982) is a professional skateboarder who, as of July 2019, is pro for World Industries and is the owner of All I Need Skateboards.
Early life
Shetler was born in Brockton, Massachusetts, to Lisa Marie Oliver and Elwood Reginald Shetler. They started skateboarding in Raymond, New Hampshire with their friend Dale Raymond. They then moved back to Massachusetts, where they would develop a deep relationship with the skateshop Solstice, who helped them get their first sponsorship with 5boro Skateboards.
Coverage
Shetler has appeared in numerous skateboard magazines, including Focus, Skateboarder, Transworld Skateboarding, Thrasher, and others. They now own a skateboard apparel company, All I Need. They partnered up with 88 Eyewear in fall of 2013 to make a limited edition line of sunglasses.
A wide variety of online magazines, stores, skateshops, and skate companies host interviews and photos of Shetler:
Alli Sports,
Skatepark of Tampa,
SkateboardREV, and
True Skateboard Magazine, and
ESPN.
An interview with Shetler aired on the action sports channel FuelTV.
Sponsors (2011)
FKD Bearings Pro Team
World Industries
Solstice Skateshop
Project Hardware
All I Need Apparel[
Video parts
EZ Pass Vacation (2002)
Surviving the Times (2008)
All I Need (2008)
State of Mind (2009)
It's Your World (2011)
Video game appearances
Shetler is an unlockable character in the Tony Hawk series of video games.
External links
World Industries: Pro Team
Anthony Shetler: Facebook
All I Need: Website
References
1982 births
Living people
American skateboarders
Sportspeople from Brockton, Massachusetts
Lin Tai-yi (; April 1, 1926 – July 2003) was a Chinese-American writer and translator. They were also known as Anor Lin or Lin Wu-Shuang.
The daughter of Lin Yutang, they were born in Beijing and came to the United States with their family when they were ten. Lin was educated at Columbia University. They taught Chinese at Yale. They married Richard Ming Lai, a Hong Kong official and the couple moved to Hong Kong. Lin was the Editor-in-Chief for the Hong Kong Reader's Digest from 1965 to 1988. They also wrote for various magazines. Lin and their family moved to Washington, D.C. in 1988.
They wrote their first novel War Tide (1943) at the age of 17.
Them sister Adet Lin was also a writer. The two sisters translated Girl Rebel, the autobiography of Xie Bingying.
Selected works
Our Family, autobiography (1939) with Adet Lin and Mei Mei Lin
Dawn over Chungking, autobiography (1941) with Adet Lin
War Tide, novel (1943)
The Golden Coin, novel (1946)
The Eavesdropper, novel (1959)
The Lilacs Overgrow, novel (1960)
Kampoon Street, novel (1964)
References
1926 births
2003 deaths
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American translators
American emigrants to Hong Kong
American women journalists
Columbia University alumni
Hong Kong novelists
20th-century journalists
Yale University faculty
20th-century American women writers
American women academics
21st-century American women
Watersheddles Reservoir is an upland artificial lake in Lancashire, England. The reservoir was opened in 1877 by the Keighley Corporation Water Works, and is now owned by Yorkshire Water. It supplies water to the Worth Valley and Keighley area and compounds several streams at the source of the River Worth.
Although the reservoir is just across the boundary of Lancashire, all of the water is used in the West Yorkshire region.
Due to the peatland in the immediate catchment area, the reservoir is prone to a high acidity and discolouration in its water.
History
The building of the three reservoirs in the Upper Worth Valley (Watersheddles, Ponden and Lower Laithe), was so that the Keighley area could have a supply of fresh drinking water, and also in response to several droughts in the 1860s. These droughts forced residents in the Upper Worth Valley to raid mill-ponds for drinking water.
In response to the flooding, and as part of their endeavour to improve the water supply in Keighley and its environs, the Keighley Waterworks Extension and Improvement Act (1869) was passed to allow them to build "...an aqueduct, conduit, or watercourse commencing in the hamlet or liberty of Oakworth, in the township and parish of Keighley, in the said West Riding, at a point situate upon the stream called White Reaps Clough, distant 132 yards, or thereabouts, from the junction of the said stream with another stream called Dean Clough, and terminating in the northern side of the intended Water Sheddles Reservoir (proposed to be constructed by the Local Board under the powers of "The Keighley Waterworks Extension and Improvement Act, 1869 ") at a point 35 yards to the south of another point 320 yards distant (measured along the highway next hereinafter mentioned) from the Standing Stone on the boundary between the counties of York and Lancaster, such stone being placed on the highway leading from Keighley to Colne, such termination being in the hamlet of Wycoller...."
So although the reservoir would dam the River Worth, it would be located over the county boundary in Lancashire, a situation that still exists today, with the reservoir in the Borough of Pendle, but with a Bradford (BD) postcode. The reservoir needed to be quite elevated in comparison to the town of Keighley, so that the water pressure would be sufficient to pump water to the uppermost areas of the town and adjoining localities.
The name, which is recorded both as Watersheddles and Water Sheddles, is thought to have derived from Middle English meaning "the parting of the waters". The name is borrowed from a nearby boundary stone on the road between Stanbury and Laneshaw Bridge.
Although the contract for the building of the reservoir was awarded to Walker and Taylor of Crewe in June 1870, the reservoir was not started until August 1871, with full use and final flooding in 1877. A deal was agreed with the mill owners along the River Worth that guaranteed a ready-supply of water; every morning and every evening, the sluices were opened to allow a regulated flow of water down the valley to enable the mills to restock their ponds. Keighley Corporation Water Works operated the reservoir until 1959, when it was folded into the newly created Craven Water Board (CWB). The CWB, itself, was subsumed into Yorkshire Water in 1974. Whilst Yorkshire Water own the reservoir, unlike other reservoirs nearby that are in West Yorkshire, they do not own the surrounding land which drains into Watersheddles.
Due to its location and the surrounding topography, the overflow channel is very steep (1 in 2.5) and the length of spillway is long, with the width being . The dam height is and the dam wall stretches for .
The maximum capacity of the reservoir is , (), and, along with Keighley Moor Reservoir, supplies 5% of its maximum volume on a daily basis for drinking water. The reservoir is located some west of Stanbury and at an elevation of . It has a maximum depth of , an average depth of and has a catchment area of .
The short-distance path the Brontë Way, runs alongside the northern edge of the reservoir.
Hydrometry
Water from the reservoir is sent to a water treatment works (WTW) at Oldfield on the north side of the Worth Valley. Oldfield WTW also receives water from Keighley Moor Reservoir, and between the two, they supply over per day. Oldfield was opened in 1891 in an effort to treat the water from the reservoirs as the acidic water was eating into the pipes and poisoning the water with lead. A report from 1897 relays how the water is cleared through limestone, coke, sand and "polarite", but suffered from discolouration arising from peat sediment settling on the bottom of the reservoir. In 1973, just before Yorkshire Water assumed control of Watersheddles and Oldfield WTW, the pH of water arriving at Oldfield was registered as being between 6.9 and 7.0.
The waters entering the reservoir drain a peat moorland with millstone grit underlying. The water was recorded with a pH value of 4.1 in 1988 and has been noted for its 'colour', which takes a more intensive process to remedy at the WTW. The problems of the pH value at Watersheddles (and to an extent, Keighley Moor Reservoir) were so bad, that Yorkshire Water designed and built their own prototype triple-pH controller in 1988 to regulate the waters acidity.
In the late 1890s and early 1900s, a rain gauge was sited at Watersheddles, the results of which are given below;
The water at the reservoir between 2013 and 2016 was assessed as moderate for ecological quality and good for chemical quality.
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Image of Water Sheddles boundary stone
Drinking water reservoirs in England
Reservoirs in Lancashire
Geography of the Borough of Pendle
Punakaiki is a small village on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand. It is located between Westport and Greymouth on , the only through-road on the West Coast. Punakaiki is immediately adjacent to Paparoa National Park, and is also the access point for a popular visitor attraction, the Pancake Rocks and Blowholes.
Location
Punakaiki is located on State Highway 6, and is north of Greymouth and south of Westport. Because State Highway 6 is the only through-road on the West Coast, a large number of visitors pass through the town.
The village is on the southern border of Buller District, where it meets Grey District, and lies on the edge of Paparoa National Park. To the north is the sheer bluff Perpendicular Point, known as Te Miko. The settlement sits to the south, by the Pororari Lagoon at the mouth of the Porarari River. To the south of the village is Dolomite Point, site of the Pancake Rocks, and Razorback Point at the mouth of the Punakaiki River. A feature of this part of the West Coast are the steep forested bluffs and cliffs of the Paparoa Range, descending several hundred metres to small beaches and sheer headlands, with occasional flats and terraces in between.
History
The coastal caves and overhangs of the area bear traces of seasonal Māori occupation, and by the time Europeans arrived the area was the home of the Ngāti Waewae people, a hapū of Kai Tahu, who traded much-prized pounamu.
Early European explorers navigating the coast encountered sheer cliffs at Te Miko, navigable only by climbing ladders totalling 46 feet high (or so Haast estimated) made of harakeke and rotting rātā vine. Charles Heaphy noted in 1846 that "…as several of the rotten steps gave way under our feet, our position was far from being pleasant. A number of cormorants and other marine birds, too, that had their nests in the crevices of the rock were screaming and wheeling about us at the intrusion." During the gold rush of the 1860s these were replaced by chain ladders, soon known as "Jacob's Ladder", but the wooden rungs were destroyed by overuse, and travellers slid down the chains instead or jammed sticks into the links.
There was, however, an inland trail crossing a higher terrace through rātā forest; prospector William Smart was guided through it by local Māori to avoid the "rotten" ladders. By October 1866 the authorities had cut a track to avoid the ladders, but it soon degenerated into a morass. In 1867 under-employed "diggers"(prospectors) were used to cut the "Razorback Road", now known as the Inland Pack Track, to avoid the coast completely, heading up the Fox River, south through rough hill country, and emerging at the mouth of the Punakaiki River. The route which linked Cobden, north of Greymouth, with the gold workings at Brighton on the mouth of the Fox River, cost perhaps £10,000 and was completed by October 1867, but was not a success: it required too many river crossings that were difficult in times of flood, and after the gold rush ended and the diggers moved on it fell into disrepair. In January 1873 the Grey River Argus called the road "perfectly useless" and it was little-used after the 1870s.
Travellers who crossed Te Miko plateau stopped at the Pororari River lagoon, and waited for low tide to cross the mudflats (while avoiding quicksand). A dry limestone overhang on the north side of the lagoon was a convenient place to wait, and became known as the "Post Office", because diggers would leave messages and carve their names into the walls. As late as 1931 graffiti like "Sandy 1866" and "Hamilton Nov 20/65" were still visible.
After crossing the present-day site of Punakaiki, the path went over the Dolomite Point headland and down to Punakaiki River. There is no record of early travellers noticing or commenting on the Pancake Rock formations, which are only 15 minutes off the track, and Māori do not seem to have pointed them out to early European explorers. Those heading south to the diggings at Canoe Creek still had to navigate the Razorback, navigating a narrow path between a deep chasm on one side and a sheer drop to the beach on the other. A vehicular road was not built here until 1929, finally connecting Greymouth and Westport.
In 2018, the remnants of Cyclone Fehi caused severe damage to the road immediately north of Dolomite point. Improvements costing $7.8 million were completed by Waka Kotahi NZ Transport Agency to provide more resilience to this section of State Highway 6.
Population
There are fewer than 100 permanent residents, but the village has been host to at least 500,000 visitors in some years.
Wildlife and conservation
Located on the edge of the Paparoa National Park, Punakaiki has a diverse range of birdlife and marine wildlife. Fur seals are seen on the rocks and Hector's dolphins close to the shore. Birds seen in the area include blue penguin, blue shag, black shag, Australasian gannet, white-faced heron, weka, kererū, tui, bellbird, fantail, grey warbler, and tomtit.
The Westland petrel has its only known breeding colonies close to Punakaiki. The breeding range is in forest-covered coastal foothills in an 8 kilometre wide strip between Barrytown and Punakaiki, specifically between the Punakaiki River and Waiwhero (Lawson) Creek. These colonies were established in the middle of the 18th century. The Department of Conservation designated the colony area as the Westland Petrel Special Protected Area in 1999 and access by the public is restricted. There is a breeding colony located on private land, where guided tours of the colony are available.
Limestone caves in the Punakaiki area preserved animal fossils dating back 25,000 years which help us visualize the fauna of the Otira Glaciation period. This fauna includes a variety of large and smalls (including moas), amphibians, reptiles, and potentially bats and kiwi.
Local conservation efforts include the Punakaiki Coastal Restoration Project which was started by the Department of Conservation, aluminum production company Rio Tinto, and Conservation Volunteers in 2009. The Project covers 40 ha. 4 km south of Punakaiki and is managed to restore the Sand Forest Flats and provide a forest to sea corridor. The land is owned by the Department of Conservation and includes the last remaining Westland petrel breeding site on mainland New Zealand.
Tourism
In the period immediately before the COVID-19 pandemic, around 500,000 visitors each year passed through Punakaiki, and most stopped at Dolomite Point to walk out and view the Pancake Rocks and Blowholes. The peak visitor numbers were around 6,000 a day. Overseas visitors made up 92% of the business at the local Punakaiki tavern, and 85% at the Punakaiki campground. The large number of visitors to the small village has put a strain on local infrastructure, and requires levels of investment that cannot be funded by the small number of ratepayers. Some of the main concerns were the inadequate provision of car parks and toilet facilities to meet demand at peak times.
There had also been concerns from the local community about the behaviour and impact of "freedom campers" – those who stay the night in their cars or campervans in a public place, rather than the campground. In 2016, residents petitioned the Buller District and Grey District councils for a ban on freedom camping in the town, but this appeal was not successful.
On 19 March 2020, all New Zealand's borders and entry ports were closed to non-residents in response to the pandemic. Staged re-opening of the borders did not begin until February 2022. With New Zealand's borders being closed for such an extended period, local tourism operators in Punakaiki had to adjust to lower volumes, and to refocus on attracting domestic visitors.
In January 2022, the campground operators reported that they had been fully booked over the Christmas holiday season, with most of the visitors from the South Island, and many coming to do the Paparoa Track. However, tourism operators reported major reductions in bookings for the period after the summer school holidays.
Visitor centre
The Paparoa National Park visitor centre is located at Dolomite Point, opposite the entrance to the Pancake Rocks & Blowholes.
In September 2020, as part of an economic stimulus in response to the pandemic, the Government announced a grant from the Provincial Growth Fund for redevelopment of visitor facilities at Punakaiki. The $26 million project included a new visitor centre, Department of Conservation (DOC) information centre, community meeting room, and offices for the local hapū, Ngāti Waewae. There was also funding for a highway crossing and car park, and a walking and cycling path to improve accessibility for visitors. One unusual aspect of the plans for the "Experience Centre" was a green roof. Seeds and seedlings of around a dozen species chosen for the roof were gathered from the local area and 11,000 plants were raised in a Conservation Volunteers New Zealand nursery at Barrytown Flats for subsequent establishment on the roof of the building. There was controversy in 2021 about the decision to transfer the facility to Ngāti Waewae on completion, and plans for charging visitors for entry to the "Experience Centre". A ceremony to mark the start of construction on the new visitor cente was led by Ngāti Waewae on 28 May 2022.
Pancake Rocks
The Pancake Rocks are a very popular tourist destination at Dolomite Point south of the main village. From a visitor centre and cafe a wheelchair-navigable path leads to the stylobedded pancake rock formations and central Putai Blowhole, which spouts spectacularly at high tide and during a south-westerly swell.
Punakaiki cavern
One of the nearby attractions in Punakaiki is an easily accessible cavern. There is around of passageways, with stalactites and glow worms. The cavern is located just off State Highway 6, around north of the visitor centre.
Walks in the local area
Popular local walks in the Punakaiki area include:
Pancake Rocks and Blowholes
Truman Track
Pororari River
Punakaki River, and a Pororari River loop via the Inland Pack Track
Pororari River, and a Bullock Creek loop via the Inland Pack Track
Cave Creek / Kotihotiho Memorial Track
Punakaiki also provides access to the Paparoa Track, a , 2–3 day mountain bike or tramping track that crosses the Paparoa Range. The track is the tenth New Zealand Great Walk to be created, and has been fully open since 1 March 2020.
References
External links
Punakaiki - West Coast, New Zealand (tourism information from the Punakaiki Promotions Group)
Limestone, Punakaiki (1st of 3) (entry on Te Ara: The Encyclopedia of New Zealand)
Blowholes
Populated coastal places in New Zealand
Buller District
Populated places in the West Coast, New Zealand
Paparoa National Park
Helmersen (earlier Helmes) was noble family which roots came from Hamburg, Germany. Helmersens lived in Sweden and Imperial Russia, including the Governorate of Livonia and Governorate of Estonia.
In 1651, Swedish Queen Christina gave noble status to Paul and Johann Helmes and they became von Helmersen.
Notable members
Gregor von Helmersen
Vasily Helmersen
References
Further reading
Genealogisches Handbuch der baltischen Ritterschaften, Teil 1, Livland, Bd. 2, Lfg. 9-15, Görlitz 1929, S. 816–834 (digitalized)
Genealogisches Handbuch der baltischen Ritterschaften, Teil 2, Estland, Bd. 3, Görlitz, 1930, S. 369–370 (digitalized)
Genealogisches Handbuch der Oeselschen Ritterschaft, Görlitz, 1935, S, 507– 509 (digitalized)
, : Den med sköldebref förlänade men ej å Riddarhuset introducerade Svenska Adelns Ättartaflor, 1875, S. 120–121 (digitalized)
Baltische Famgeschichtliche Mitteilungen, Neue Folge 1, 1951, Nr. 4
Baltic nobility
Maamaloa Lolohea (27 May 1968 – 21 May 2020) was a Tongan weightlifter. At age forty, Lolohea made their official debut for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where they competed in the men's super heavyweight category (+105 kg). Lolohea placed thirteenth in this event, as they successfully lifted 140 kg in the single-motion snatch, and hoisted 173 kg in the two-part, shoulder-to-overhead clean and jerk, for a total of 313 kg.
Major results
References
External links
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
1968 births
2020 deaths
Olympic weightlifters of Tonga
Weightlifters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
People from Tongatapu
Tongan male weightlifters
Weightlifters at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Weightlifters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Tonga
20th-century Tongan people
21st-century Tongan people
Garth Brooks & the Magic of Christmas is the second holiday album by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on November 23, 1999, peaked at number seven on the Billboard 200 chart, and number one on the Top Country Albums chart. Two years after this album's release, Brooks released a reissue of this album, Songs from Call Me Claus, which contained most of the songs from this release. The only tracks which were not carried over were "White Christmas", "God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen", and "Go Tell It on the Mountain" (all of which are remixed versions of the same songs from their first Christmas album, Beyond the Season).
Track listing
"It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year" (Edward Pola, George Wyle) – 2:57
"Let It Snow! Let It Snow! Let It Snow!" (Sammy Cahn, Jule Styne) – 2:06
"The Christmas Song" (Mel Tormé, Bob Wells) – 3:25
"White Christmas" (Irving Berlin) – 2:58
"Baby Jesus Is Born" (Randy Handley, Cam King) – 3:59
"God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen" (traditional) – 2:35
"Winter Wonderland" (Felix Bernard, Richard B. Smith) – 3:33
"Sleigh Ride" (Leroy Anderson, Mitchell Parish) – 3:27
"Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" (Ralph Blane, Hugh Martin) – 4:05
"(There's No Place Like) Home for the Holidays (Robert Allen, Al Stillman) – 2:18
"Silver Bells" (Ray Evans, Jay Livingston) – 3:34
"Go Tell It on the Mountain" (traditional, work) – 3:25
"The Wise Men's Journey" [instrumental] (Bobby Wood) – 1:28
"O Little Town of Bethlehem" (Phillips Brooks, Lewis Redner) – 3:03
Personnel
Garth Brooks – vocals, arrangements (6, 12, 14)
Bobby Wood – keyboards
Blair Masters – Hammond B3 organ (5, 12)
Mark Casstevens – acoustic guitars
Chris Leuzinger – electric guitars
Mike Chapman – bass
Milton Sledge – drums
Sam Bacco – percussion
Dennis Burnside – horn and string arrangements, conductor
Mark Douthit, Don Jackson, Sam Levine, Doug Moffet and Denis Solee – saxophones and woodwinds
Ernie Collins, Chris Dunn, Robert Green and Chris McDonald – trombone
Jeff Bailey, Mike Haynes, Steve Patrick and George Tidwell – trumpet, flugelhorn
Carl Gorodetzky – string contractor
The Nashville String Machine – strings
Bergen White – choir arrangements and conductor
The Bergen White Choir – choir
Production
Allen Reynolds – producer
Mark Miller – recording, mixing
Matt Andrews – recording assistant
Duke Duczer – recording assistant, mix assistant
Eric Conn – digital editing
Carlos Grier – digital editing
Denny Purcell – mastering at Georgetown Masters (Nashville, Tennessee).
Jonathan Russell – mastering assistant
Carlton Davis – production manager
Denise Jarvis – production managing assistant
Virginia Team – art direction
Jerry Joyner – design
Beverly Parker – photography
Harris Graphics – digital imagery
Mary Beth Felts – hair, make-up
Chart performance
Garth Brooks & the Magic of Christmas peaked at number seven on the U.S. Billboard 200, and peaked at number one on Top Country Albums, their 10th number-one album.
Weekly charts
Singles
Year-end charts
Sales and certifications
References and external links
Garth Brooks albums
1999 Christmas albums
Christmas albums by American artists
Albums produced by Allen Reynolds
Capitol Records Christmas albums
Country Christmas albums
Lady Vengeance (; ; titled Sympathy for Lady Vengeance in Australia and Russia) is a 2005 South Korean psychological thriller film directed by Park Chan-wook. The film is the third and final installment in Park's Vengeance Trilogy, following Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance (2002) and Oldboy (2003). It stars Lee Young-ae as Lee Geum-ja, a woman released from prison after serving the sentence for a murder they did not commit. The film tells their story of revenge against the real murderer.
The film debuted on 29 July 2005 in South Korea, and competed for the Golden Lion at the 62nd Venice International Film Festival in September 2005. While it failed to win in competition, it did walk away with Cinema of The Future, the Young Lion Award, and the Best Innovated Film Award in the non-competition section. It won the award for Best Film at the 26th Blue Dragon Film Awards. The film had its US premiere on 30 September 2005 at the New York Film Festival. It began its limited release in North American theatres on 5 May 2006, to favorable reviews from critics.
Plot
A Christian musical procession waits with a symbolic block of tofu outside a prison for the release of Lee Geum-ja (Lee Young-ae), a reformed female prisoner. Convicted of kidnapping and murdering a 6-year-old schoolboy, Won-mo, 13 years earlier, Geum-ja became a national sensation because of their young age, angelic appearance, and eager confession to the crime. However, they became an inspirational model for prisoner reform during their incarceration, and their apparent spiritual transformation earned them an early release. Free, they are now intent on revenge.
Geum-ja quickly shows that their "kind-hearted" behavior in prison was a cover to earn favor and further their revenge plans. They visit the other paroled inmates, calling in favors that include food, shelter, and weapons. They begin work in a pastry shop and starts an affair with a young shop assistant, Geun-Shik, who would be the same age as Won-mo, had they lived.
It is revealed that Geum-ja did not smother Won-mo. The detective on their case was aware of their innocence, but helped them fake crime-scene details to ensure their confession looked credible. As a young high school student, Geum-ja had become pregnant and, afraid to go home to their parents, turned to Mr. Baek (Choi Min-sik), a teacher from their school, for help. Mr. Baek expected Geum-ja to provide sex and assist in their kidnapping racket in return. They used them to lure 5-year-old Won-mo to him, with the intent of ransoming the child, but murdered the boy. They then kidnapped Geum-ja's infant daughter and threatened to murder the baby if Geum-ja did not take the blame. They have spent their time in prison planning revenge on Mr. Baek for the murder of Won-mo, causing Geum-ja's child to grow up without a mother, and for sending them to prison.
Geum-ja discovers that their daughter was adopted by Australian parents. Jenny, now an adolescent, does not speak Korean and does not initially embrace their mother, though they do return with Geum-ja to Seoul to bond. Geum-ja plans to kidnap and murder Mr. Baek, now a children's teacher at a preschool, with the aid of their wife, another ex-convict. Mr. Baek hires thugs to kill Geum-ja and Jenny but Geum-ja kills them and Mr. Baek is subdued.
Mr. Baek wakes up tied to a chair in an abandoned schoolhouse. On their cell phone strap, Geum-ja discovers the orange marble from Won-mo's crime scene, which had been taken as a trophy, and is horrified to see other children's trinkets also on the strap. After shooting them in both feet, they discover snuff tapes in their apartment of the other children they had murdered. They had not been part of a ransoming racket; they would kidnap and murder a child from each school they worked at because they found them annoying. After killing each one, they would fake a ransom call to the parents, collect the money, and move on to a different school.
Sickened that four more children died because Geum-ja did not turn in the real killer 13 years ago, Geum-ja and the original case detective contact the parents and relatives of the missing children to the school. After watching each tape, the group decides to murder Mr. Baek together. They take turns beating, mutilating and torturing them until they are dead, then take a group photo, ensuring that none of them can turn in the others without implicating themselves. They then bury the corpse outside.
Geum-ja, the detective, and the relatives all converge at Geum-ja's bakery. Afterward, they see the ghost of the murdered child who then transforms into their grown self (the age that they would have been if they had lived). Later, they meet Jenny and instructs their daughter to live purely, like tofu. They bury their face in an all white frosting covered cake and weeps as Jenny hugs them
Cast
Lee Young-ae as Lee Geum-ja
Choi Min-sik as Mr. Baek (Baek Han-sang)
Kwon Yea-young as Jenny
Kim Si-hoo as Geun-shik
Oh Dal-su as Mr. Chang
Lee Seung-shin as Park Yi-jeong
Go Soo-hee as Ma-nyeo ("Witch")
Kim Byeong-ok as The Preacher
Ra Mi-ran as Oh Su-hee
Seo Young-ju as Kim Yang-hee
Kim Boo-seon as Woo So-young
Ko Chang-seok as So-young's husband
Lee Dae-yeon as parent of abducted child
Nam Il-woo as Detective Choi
Kim Hee-soo as Se-hyun
Oh Kwang-rok as Se-hyun's father
Lee Byung-joon as Dong-hwa
Choi Jung-woo as Dong-hwa's father
Ryoo Seung-wan as passerby
Song Kang-ho as assassin 1
Shin Ha-kyun as assassin 2
Yoo Ji-tae as grown-up Won-mo, as seen in a vision
Seo Ji-hee as Eun-joo
Won Mi-won as Eun-joo's grandmother
Kim Ik-tae as Won-mo's father
Kim Yoo-jung as Jae-kyung
Im Soo-kyung as prison officer
Choi Hee-jin as prisoner 3
Jeon Sung-ae as prisoner 4
Kim Jin-goo as Ko Seon-sook
Kang Hye-jung as TV announcer
Tony Barry as Jenny's adoptive father
Anne Cordiner as Jenny's adoptive mother
Production
Music
The film's score, composed by Choi Seung-hyun, is heavily baroque-themed, featuring many pieces with harpsichord, baroque guitars, and other instruments. The main theme is an edited version of Vivaldi's "Ah ch'infelice sempre" from "Cessate, omai cessate". The song is appropriate since the unedited version's melody is sung by a woman who is seeking revenge on a man who has betrayed her, much like the film itself. The 24th Caprice by Paganini also appears many times. The final scene is accompanied by an arrangement by Jordi Savall of the Spanish song Mareta, a lullaby in valencian language by an anonymous 17th century composer from Alicante.
Fade to Black and White version
Two versions of the film exist, the standard version and the "Fade to Black and White version". The latter version begins in full colour, but throughout the film the colour gradually fades until it is totally black and white at the end of the film. In conjunction with the camera technique of removing the colours, there is also a change in the environmental colours used in backgrounds and clothing. At the beginning of the film, the environments contain a lot of primary colours, whereas toward the end of the film pastel shades, blacks and whites are used. Geum-ja wears a blue coat in the early part of the film, but this is replaced with a black leather coat at the end. The brightly coloured walls of the prison and Geum-ja's bedroom are replaced with the grey walls of the school.
Both versions of the film were shown in Korean cinemas, although the fading version was presented only in digital format at a few DLP-equipped multiplexes.
This version has since been made available on the Korean Special Edition DVD of Lady Vengeance (with DTS audio only), and in the Tartan Films DVD and Blu-ray boxset releases of the Vengeance trilogy. On the Tartan boxset packaging, the version is incorrectly titled "Fade to White version".
Release
Box office
Lady Vengeance opened in Korea on 29 July 2005 to blockbuster business, grossing in its opening weekend and grossed a total of in South Korea alone. In terms of total admissions, it was the seventh biggest domestic release in Korea that year, and the eighth biggest overall with 3,650,000 tickets sold nationwide. It achieved great financial success.
The film opened in limited release in two North American theatres on 28 April 2006 under the title Lady Vengeance. In its opening weekend, it earned ( per screen). It grossed during its entire run, playing on 15 screens during its widest point and grossed worldwide.
Critical reception
Lady Vengeance has a 76% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The critical consensus states: "Stylistically flashy and gruesomely violent, Sympathy for Lady Vengeance fits in nicely with the other two films of Park's revenge trilogy." It has an average score of 75/100 on Metacritic.
Awards and nominations
2005 Blue Dragon Film Awards
Best Film
Best Actress - Lee Young-ae
Nomination - Best Director - Park Chan-wook
Nomination - Best Cinematography - Chung Chung-hoon
Nomination - Best Lighting - Park Hyun-won
Nomination - Best Art Direction - Cho Hwa-sung
Nomination - Best Music - Jo Yeong-wook
Nomination - Technical Award - Kim Sang-bum, Kim Jae-bum (Editing)
2005 Korean Film Awards
Nomination - Best Actress - Lee Young-ae
Nomination - Best Cinematography - Chung Chung-hoon
Nomination - Best Editing - Kim Sang-bum, Kim Jae-bum
Nomination - Best Art Direction - Cho Hwa-sung
Nomination - Best Music - Jo Yeong-wook
2005 Director's Cut Awards
Best Actress - Lee Young-ae
2006 Baeksang Arts Awards
Best Actress - Lee Young-ae
Nomination - Best Film
Nomination - Best Director - Park Chan-wook
2006 Grand Bell Awards
Nomination - Best Film
Nomination - Best Director - Park Chan-wook
Nomination - Best Actress - Lee Young-ae
Nomination - Best New Actor - Kim Shi-hoo
2006 Hong Kong Film Awards
Nomination - Best Asian Film
Appearances in popular culture
In the 2017 drama series Saimdang, Memoir of Colors, the character Geum Ja made a cameo appearance (portrayed by the same actor) in a dance club.
See also
List of Korean-language films
Revenge play
References
External links
2005 films
2005 crime drama films
2005 crime thriller films
2005 psychological thriller films
2005 thriller drama films
Best Picture Blue Dragon Film Award winners
2000s Japanese-language films
2000s Korean-language films
South Korean films about revenge
Films directed by Park Chan-wook
South Korean crime drama films
South Korean crime thriller films
Women in prison films
South Korean films based on actual events
2000s English-language films
2000s South Korean films
Tangaroa (Takaroa in the South Island) is the great of the sea, lakes, rivers, and creatures that live within them, especially fish, in Māori mythology. As Tangaroa-whakamau-tai they exercise control over the tides.  They are sometimes depicted as a whale.
In some of the Cook Islands they have similar roles, though in Manihiki they are the fire deity that Māui steals from, which in Māori mythology is instead Mahuika, a goddess of fire.
Māori traditions
Tangaroa is a son of Ranginui and Papatūānuku, Sky and Earth. After they join their brothers Rongo, Tū, Haumia, and Tāne in the forcible separation of their parents, they are attacked by their brother Tāwhirimātea, the of storms, and forced to hide in the sea.
Tangaroa is the father of many sea creatures. Tangaroa's son, Punga, has two children, Ikatere, the ancestor of fish, and Tū-te-wehiwehi (or Tū-te-wanawana), the ancestor of reptiles. Terrified by Tāwhirimātea's onslaught, the fish seek shelter in the sea, and the reptiles in the forests. Ever since, Tangaroa has held a grudge with Tāne Mahuta, the of forests, because they offer refuge to their runaway children.
The contention between Tangaroa and Tāne Mahuta, the father of birds, trees, and humans, is an indication that the Māori thought of the ocean and the land as opposed realms. When people go out to sea to fish or to travel, they are in effect representatives of Tāne Mahuta, entering the realm of Tāne Mahuta's enemy. For this reason, it was important that offerings were made to Tangaroa before any such expedition.
The Kāi Tahu version of the origin of Takaroa maintains that they are the son of Temoretu, and that Papatūānuku is their wife. Papatūānuku commits adultery with Rakinui while Takaroa is away, and in the resulting battle on the beach Takaroa's spear pierces Rakinui through both their thighs. Papatūānuku then marries Rakinui.
In another legend, Tangaroa marries Te Anu-matao (chilling cold). They are the parents of the ‘of the fish class', including Te Whata-uira-a-Tangawa, Te Whatukura, Poutini, and Te Pounamu. In some versions, Tangaroa has a son, Tinirau, and nine daughters.
Cook Islands
In Rarotonga, Tangaroa is the god of the sea and fertility.  They are the most important of all the departmental gods. Carved figures made from wood carvings are very popular on the island today.
In Mangaia, Tangaroa is a child of Vatea (daylight) and Papa (foundation) and the younger twin brother of Rongo. Rongo and Tangaroa share food and fish: Tangaroa's share is everything that is red (the red taro, red fish and so on). Tangaroa is said to have yellow hair and when Mangaians first saw Europeans they thought they must be Tangaroa's children.
In Manihiki, Tangaroa is the origin of fire. Māui goes to them to obtain fire for humankind. Advised to reach Tangaroa's abode by taking the common path, they take the forbidden path of death infuriating Tangaroa who tries to kick them to death. Māui manages to prevent that and insists that Tangaroa give them fire. Māui kills Tangaroa. When their parents are horrified, Māui uses incantations to bring them back to life.
Elsewhere
Tangaloa is one of the oldest Polynesian deities and in western Polynesia (for example, Samoa and Tonga) traditions has the status of supreme creator god. In eastern Polynesian cultures Tangaroa is usually considered of equal status to Tāne and thus not supreme.
In Rapa Nui tradition Tangaroa was killed at Hotu-iti bay and was buried in the surrounding area.
In Ra'iātea a legend reported by Professor Friedrich Ratzel in 1896 gave a picture of their all-pervading power.
In the Marquesas Islands, the equivalent deities are Tana'oa or Taka'oa.
In Rennell and Bellona Islands (Polynesian cultures in the southern Solomon Islands) Tangagoa is a sea god who stayed on the coastal cliff of east Rennell known as Toho, and flew in the night with a flame in the sky. Tangagoa was believed to take spirits of the dead, so when someone was near death, the sparkling fire would be seen at night. Some can still recall the time when this god appeared in the night as a flame in the sky, and have many tales of it. Tangagoa started to disappear in the 1970s and early 1980s when Christian missionaries visited the cliff and reportedly 'cast' them out.
A legendary figure named Tagaro also features in the Melanesian cultures of north-eastern Vanuatu. In the beliefs of North Pentecost island, Tagaro appears as a destructive trickster, while in other areas, they are an eternal creator figure, and names cognate with (such as Apma ) are applied nowadays to the Christian God.
See also
Kanaloa, Hawaiian mythology
RV Tangaroa, a New Zealand research vessel
Ta'aroa, Tahitian mythology
Tagaloa, Samoan mythology
Tagroa Siria, Rotuman mythology
Tangaloa (Tongan mythology)
References
Notes
Sources
External links
"Tangaroa" in Te Ara: The Encyclopedia of New Zealand
Cook Islands mythology
Sea and river gods
Māori gods
Ichche Nodee, also spelled as Ichchenodi (), is a Bengali television soap opera that premiered on June 15, 2015, and aired on Star Jalsha. It was written by Leena Gangopadhyay and produced by Saibal Banerjee of Magic Moments Motion Pictures. It featured Vikram Chatterjee and Solanki Roy in lead roles, Sritama Bhattacharjee in a negative role, Aishwarya Sen in a negative role later positive, and Chandan Sen and Laboni Sarkar in pivotal roles. After running successfully for almost two years, the show ended on May 28, 2017, after airing 712 episodes.
Plot
Ichchenodi is a story of sibling rivalry set within the premise of a love triangle. Ichhenodi basically revolves around a story of two sisters, Meghla and Adrija, and how they entangle themselves in a relationship with their love interest, Anurag.
Meghla, who finds the essence of their life in music, is fond of their elder sister Adrija, and loves them above anyone else. The sisters get caught up in a love triangle making their life go upside down. Meghla is proud of their elder sister Adrija as they are a smart, beautiful girl, who is a topper as well when it comes to study. However, Adrija despises them since childhood and hates them after they discover that Meghla is not their own sister but adopted. Adrija begins to love Anurag madly but Anurag falls in love with the simple and docile Meghla, and their passion for music. Meghla refuses them and tries to convince them to marry Adrija but circumstances compel them to marry each other. Adrija creates many misunderstandings to destroy the marital life of Meghla and Anurag, but their love conquers every time. Adrija even goes to the extent of trying to kill Meghla on many occasions, but in vain. In frustration, they push Anurag from a cliff, who is then saved by Tua, also a passionate singer. Anurag loses their memory in the accident and is named "Vikram" by Tua and their family. Tua starts loving Vikram, without knowing their past. Adrija now marries Piklu, Anurag's cousin and enters their family to torture Meghla and makes their life hell by instigating Malobika against her, rendering Meghla responsible for Anurag's supposed death and portrays Meghla as a cheap and characterless girl in the eyes of the family members. A distraught and lonely Meghla finds solace in music and is pacified by their Guru Maa, who turns out to be their own biological mother. They soon finds out that Anurag is alive and after many obstacles, they finally reunite (as Anurag's memory returns). Tua along with their aunt, Shariah then join forces with Adrija to separate Meghla from Anurag. They file a case against Anurag, accusing them of deceit and polygamy, but they fail due to the intervention of Adv. Shubhalakshmi, an experienced lawyer. Meghla also helps them to mend their broken relationship with their estranged husband, Adv. Anweshan. Meghla, who now despises Adrija from the core, exposes all their crimes and gets them arrested. Shattered and ashamed of their deeds, Tua changes themselves and becomes a loyal confidante to Meghla, despite Anurag's initial reluctance. Adrija flees from police custody and takes the alias of "Mallika Dasgupta" to hide themselves from the public eye. Deep Dasgupta, husband of the real Mallika (who is now dead), promises to help Adrija without knowledge of their true intentions. Soon Meghla gets pregnant and everyone in the family become happy. But their happiness is short-lived as Adrija kills Meghla's unborn baby. A devastated Anurag blames Meghla for everything and asks for a separation. Meghla, unable to bear Anurag's indifference, files for divorce, and soon, their divorce happens. Meghla restarts their singing career, while Deep helps to get Adrija arrested. Anurag decides to move to the United States. and spends a night with Meghla before their departure. Meghla gets pregnant again but decides to tell nobody about their prospective baby.
2 years later
A widowed Malobika misses Anurag and Meghla's presence in the family. Mimi, Anurag's elder cousin sister, returns home, as they promised to Anurag to take over the responsibilities of the Banerjee family in their absence, and also becomes a strong emotional support to Meghla. Meghla, who is now a famous playback singer, raises their son (with Anurag), namely Roddur single-handedly. Adrija returns in Piklu's life after their release from jail and consequent, change in disposition. They soon becomes pregnant and transforms into a good-hearted person who cares for Piklu and their family. They restore love them towards Meghla and like others, also wants Meghla and Anurag's reunion. Anurag becomes a famous playback singer known as "AB" in order to get close to Meghla. Lastly, Mimi and Sanjoy, Pagla Ghora (Anurag's uncle) and Shabnam get married. Meghla and Anurag too finally reunite and take care of the family and Roddur together. Adrija and Piklu too have a baby girl; and everything ends well for the Banerjees!
Cast
Main
Solanki Roy as Meghla Banerjee (née Sen) – An aspiring singer; Ustad and Kurchi's daughter; Chandan and Mahua's adoptive daughter; Adrija's adoptive sister; Anurag's wife; Roddur's mother
Vikram Chatterjee as Dr. Anurag Banerjee aka Tatan– A renowned surgeon; Amitabha and Malobika's son; Mishtu's brother; Meghla's husband; Roddur's father
Sritama Bhattacharjee as Adrija Banerjee (née Sen) aka Titir – Chandan and Mahua's daughter; Meghla's adoptive sister; Piklu's wife
Aishwarya Sen as Anindita Basu aka Tua – Anurag's rescuer turned lover
Recurring
Dr. Basudeb Mukherjee as Dr. Agnideb Banerjee – Amitabha and Abir's brother; Urmimala's husband; Bumba and Mimi's father
Saswati Guha Thakurta as Dr. Urmimala Banerjee – Agnideb's wife; Piklu's maternal aunt, Bumba and Mimi's mother; Piklu's aunt
Biswajit Chakraborty as Amitabha Banerjee – Agnideb and Abir's brother; Malobika's late husband; Anurag and Mishtu's late father (Deceased)
Laboni Sarkar as Malobika Banerjee – Amitabha's widow; Anurag and Mishtu's mother
Rajasree Bhowmick as Nandini Banerjee – Agnideb, Amitabha and Abir's cousin
Neel Mukherjee as Abir Banerjee – Agnideb and Amitabha's brother; Shabnam's husband
Nibedita Mukherjee as Shabnam Banerjee – Abir's wife
Suman Banerjee as Dr. Bumba Banerjee – Agnideb and Urmimala's son; Mimi's brother; Kajari's husband
Rajanya Mitra as Kajari Banerjee – Bumba's wife
Asmee Ghosh as Bumba and Kajori's daughter
Sonali Chowdhury as Mimi Banerjee Chakraborty – Agnideb and Urmimala's daughter; Bumba's sister; Sanjoy's wife
Rahul Chakraborty as Sanjoy Chakraborty – Mimi's husband
Dwaipayan Das as Piklu Banerjee – Urmimala's nephew; Anurag and Mishtu's cousin; Adrija's husband
Ritu Rai Acharya as Mishtu Banerjee aka Arna – Malobika and Amitabha's daughter; Anurag's sister
Chandan Sen as Prof. Chandan Sen – Mahua's husband; Adrija's father; Meghla's adoptive father
Subhadra Mukherjee as Mahua Sen – Chandan's wife; Adrija's mother; Meghala's adoptive mother
Abhishek Chatterjee as Ustad Rashid Ali – Kurchi's husband; Meghla's father and mentor
Rita Dutta Chakraborty as Kurchi Majumdar Rashid Ali – Ustad's wife; Meghla's mother
Sonal Mishra as Munni
Anusuya Majumdar as Malobika's mother
Santu Mukherjee as Abhinash Mukherjee – Tua's adoptive father
Swarnava Sanyal as Bumba and Kajori's son
Sreela Majumdar as Sharmistha Mukherjee – Abhinash's wife and Tua's paternal aunt as well as adoptive mother
Bhaswar Chatterjee as Adv. Anweshan Ghosh – Subhalakshmi's husband
Debolina Dutta Mukherjee as Adv. Subhalakshmi Ghosh – Anweshan's wife
Anindya Chatterjee as Deep Dasgupta – Mallika's husband, Adrija's (fake) husband when they impersonated Mallika
Sourav Majumdar as Deep's brother
Shankar Chakraborty as Abin Majumdar
Prantik Banerjee as Subhankar
Avrajit Chakraborty as Subhro Shankar
Adaptations
See also
Phagun Bou
Kusum Dola
Ishti Kutum
References
External links
Ichche Nodee at Disney+ Hotstar
2015 Indian television series debuts
Bengali-language television programming in India
2017 Indian television series endings
Star Jalsha original programming
Loginov () and Loginova (; feminine) is a Russian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Andrey Loginov (born 1972), Soviet middle distance runner
Anton Loginov (born Mikhail Osipovich Loginov, 1882-1963), Russian Bolshevik Revolutionary, Communist Party Member, Journalist, Writer, Soviet publicist, propagandist of atheism.
Alexandr Loginov, Russian biathlete
Anna Loginova (1978–2008), Russian fashion model and bodyguard
Galina Loginova, Soviet actor, mother of American model, actor Milla Jovovich
Mikhail Loginov (1903–1940), Soviet weapon designer
Svyatoslav Loginov, Russian science fiction writer
Valery Loginov (born 1955), Russian and Uzbekistani chess grandmaster
Vyacheslav Loginov (born 1979), Russian politician
See also
Loginovo
Loginova (village), a village in Tyumen Oblast, Russia
Russian-language surnames
Walter Overbury (1592–1637) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1626.
Overbury was the son of Sir Nicholas Overbury of Bourton-on-Hill, Gloucestershire and their wife Mary Palmer. Their father was Chief Justice of the Great Sessions for Carmarthenshire, Cardiganshire, and Pembrokeshire in 1610, and Recorder of Gloucester from 1603 to 1626. Overbury matriculated at Magdalen College, Oxford, on 16 June 1610, aged 18 and was awarded BA on 21 February 1612. They were called to the Bar at the Middle Temple in 1617. In 1621, they were elected Member of Parliament for Cardigan. They were elected MP for Cardigan again in 1626. In 1628 they were Registrar of Assurances in the City of london.
Overbury died at the age of about 45 and was buried at Bourton-on-Hill on 6 April 1637.
Overbury married firstly by licence dated 6 November 1621 Mary Pinchion daughter of Sir Edward Pinchion of Writtle, Essex. They married secondly by licence, dated 21 June 1627, Magdalen Grimston, a widow. They were brother of Sir Thomas Overbury, who was poisoned in the Tower of London on 19 October 1615
References
1592 births
1637 deaths
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
Members of the Middle Temple
People from the City of London
English MPs 1621–1622
English MPs 1626
The Congo sunbird (Cinnyris congensis) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in Republic of the Congo and Democratic Republic of the Congo.
References
Congo sunbird
Birds of Central Africa
Congo sunbird
Congo sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Strahinja Mićović (, born 17 June 1992) is a Serbian professional basketball player who currently plays for MZT Skopje] of the ABA League and the Macedonian League.
Career
Mićović spent the first three years of their career with BKK Radnički and OKK Beograd. They also had an unsuccessful trial at Partizan NIS during the 2013 pre-season.
Mićović signed with FMP coached by Milan Gurović after a successful trial which took place during the 2014 pre-season. For the 2015–16 season, they moved to Borac Čačak. On July 16, 2016, Mićović signed a 1+1 deal with Bosnian team Igokea. On 1 July 2017, Mićović signed with Mornar Bar.
On 24 July 2019, Mićović signed with Mitteldeutscher BC of the Basketball Bundesliga. They averaged 13.0 points and 4.5 rebounds per game. On 13 August 2020, Mićović signed with Telekom Baskets Bonn.
References
External links
Profile at eurobasket.com
Profile at fiba.com
1992 births
Living people
ABA League players
Basketball League of Serbia players
KK Borac Čačak players
KK FMP players
KK Igokea players
KK Mornar Bar players
Mitteldeutscher BC players
OKK Beograd players
Power forwards (basketball)
BKK Radnički players
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Germany
Serbian expatriate basketball people in Montenegro
Serbian men's basketball players
Telekom Baskets Bonn players
Ke Yan (, 1929 – 11 December 2011) was a Chinese writer.
Ke Yan was born in the province Guangdong. Them father was a writer and a translator, and they have stated that they were first inspired by them to start writing. A playwright, novelist and poet, Ke Yan is famous for their textbooks and children's literature. They have also written lyrics and a script for a television program. Throughout their life, they held several positions, including Vice Chief-Editor of Poetry Magazine, Editor of People's Literature, Vice-President of the Children's Educational Society of Beijing, and National Committee member of the Chinese Federation of the Art and Literature Circles.
Famous works by Ke Yan include Stories of a Little Soldier and Little Muddleheaded Aunt.
References
External links
Translation of poetry by Ke Yan
Chinese women poets
People's Republic of China poets
Chinese dramatists and playwrights
Writers from Zhengzhou
1929 births
2011 deaths
Chinese children's writers
Chinese women children's writers
Women dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Chinese women writers
21st-century Chinese women writers
Poets from Henan
20th-century Chinese poets
20th-century Chinese novelists
20th-century Chinese dramatists and playwrights
Chinese women novelists
Sabot may refer to:
Sabot (firearms), disposable supportive device used in gunpowder ammunitions to fit/patch around a sub-caliber projectile
Sabot (shoe), a type of wooden shoe
People
Dick Sabot (1944–2005), American economist and business person
Hamilton Sabot (born 1987), French gymnast
Vessels
Sabot (dinghy), a type of leeboard dinghy
Naples Sabot, a type of centerboard dinghy
US Sabot, an American sailing dinghy
, a motorboat acquired by but never commissioned into the United States Navy
Other uses
Sabot (newspaper), a former US newspaper
Le Sabot, a mansion in Senneville, Quebec, Canada
Nikolovski (), a Macedonian surname, and may refer to:
Martin Nikolovski
Goce Nikolovski
Igor Nikolovski, Macedonian footballer
Jane Nikolovski, Macedonian footballer
in female form it is Nikolovska:
Monika Nikolovska
Rosica Nikolovska
Ljiljana Nikolovska
See also
Nikolov, Bulgarian surname
Nikolic, Serbian surname
Nicholas, given name and origin of the surname
Macedonian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
"Shock Me" is a single by American sludge metal band, Baroness. The second single off of their fourth studio album, Purple, Shock Me features elements of their traditional sludge metal sound, along with backing synthesizers to create a progressive rock aura. The single was the band's second ever to chart, reaching number 28 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.
"Shock Me" was the band's first, and to date only, song nominated for a Grammy award. Nominated for Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards, the song finished as one of the four runners-up.
Track listing
Charting
Accolades
Grammy Awards
|-
| 2017 || "Shock Me" || Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance ||
|-
References
External links
Shock Me - Single at Discogs
Shock Me Lyrics at Genius
2015 singles
2015 songs
Baroness (band) songs
Abraxan Hymns singles
The Institute for Applied Research and Community Collaboration (ARCC) is a non-profit organization located in Spring Valley, New York which conducts research on the Orthodox Jewish community. The organization was founded in 2011 by Dr Isaac Schechter.
References
Non-profit organizations based in New York (state)
Honorary Captain Vijay Kumar Sharma, AVSM, SM (born 19 August 1985) is an Indian sport shooter. They won the silver medal in the individual 25 metre rapid fire pistol events at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Kumar hails from Barsar village of Hamirpur district of Himachal Pradesh and is a retired Subedar Major (Warrant Officer Class I) in the Dogra Regiment (16th Battalion) Indian Army, who was later promoted to Honorary Captain Rank. Vijay Kumar is supported by the Olympic Gold Quest initiative.  They are the only Indian to have won a medal at 25m rapid Fire Pistol . They have been posted at Indian Army Marksmanship Unit (AMU) Mhow since 2003 where they are being coached by the Russian Pavel Smirnov.
Early life and background
Born in Himachal Pradesh, Kumar is the son of Banku Ram, a retired Indian Army subedar, and their wife Roshni Devi. According to their father, while Kumar was "always intrigued" by their father's guns, they only developed their interest in shooting after enlisting in the Indian Army. Kumar joined the Indian Army in 2001 as a sepoy (private), and was inducted into the Army Marksmanship Unit (AMU) at Mhow in 2003. Their prowess ensured them a direct promotion from sepoy to havildar (sergeant) by 2006. They were promoted to naib subedar on 20 April 2006.
Shooting career
Early career (2006-2009)
At the 2006 Commonwealth Games, they won two gold medals: the individual 25 meter rapid fire pistol competition and the pairs competition in the same event together with Pemba Tamang. The same year, they won a bronze medal in the Asian Games. In 2006, they were awarded the Arjuna award by the Indian government.
In 2007, they finished second at the Asian Championship in 25 metre center-fire pistols. They also won a silver medal at the 2009 ISSF World Cup Beijing in rapid fire pistol, where they were defeated by 0.1 points. They were promoted to subedar on 10 February 2009 (seniority from 1 July 2008)
Commonwealth and Olympic glory (2010-14)
In the 2010 Commonwealth Games, they won three gold medals and one silver. In 25 metre rapid fire pistol pairs, Gurpreet Singh and Vijay Kumar won the gold medal scoring 1162 points, setting a new Commonwealth games record. They won the 25 meter rapid fire pistol singles event and also teamed up with Harpreet Singh to win the 25-metre center fire pistol pairs event. In the 25-metre centre fire pistol singles, they finished second winning a silver, losing out to fellow Indian Harpreet Singh.
Kumar won the Silver Medal in the 25 m rapid fire pistol event at 2012 London Olympics. They finished with an average score of 9.767 and had a score of 293 with 7 inner 10s in the first stage. Vijay's silver was the second medal for India at London 2012. Earlier Kumar failed to qualify for the men's 10 m air pistol finals after finishing 31st on 28 July 2012.
Kumar was chosen to be the Indian flagbearer at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. The Indian trio of Vijay Kumar, Pemba Tamang and Gurpreet Singh won the silver medal in the 25m center fire event at the 2014 Asian Games, held at Incheon, South Korea. The team scored a total of 1740, two behind gold medalists China.
Later career
Vijay Kumar retired from the army in 2017, after 15 years of service. As of 2019, they are finishing a bachelor's degree in Business Administration from Manav Rachna University in Faridabad, and has been offered a direct-entry position as deputy superintendent of police (DSP) by the Himachal Pradesh state government.
Performance timelines
25 metre rapid fire pistols
25 metre center-fire pistols
25-metre standard pistol
10 metre air pistols
Awards and recognition
Arjuna Award (2007)
Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna (2012)
Ati Vishisht Seva Medal (2013)
Padma Shri (2013)
For winning the silver medal at 2012 London Olympics:
Promotion from subedar to subedar-major on 12 August 2012.
cash award by the Government of Himachal Pradesh
by the Government of Rajasthan.
Medal bar
References
External links
http://www.indianshooting.com
Kumar's profile at ISSF
Vijay Kumar Opentalk with Ashwani Jain
A blogpost on Vijay Kumar posted just before they won the Silver medal at the London Olympics 2012
Indian male sport shooters
ISSF pistol shooters
Living people
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for India
Shooters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Shooters at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
People from Hamirpur, Himachal Pradesh
People from Mhow
Sport shooters from Himachal Pradesh
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters of India
Indian Army officers
1985 births
Olympic silver medalists for India
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Recipients of the Khel Ratna Award
Shooters at the 2006 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2010 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2014 Asian Games
Recipients of the Padma Shri in sports
Shooters at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Asian Games gold medalists for India
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for India
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2010 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2014 Asian Games
Elihu Emory Jackson (November 3, 1837 – December 27, 1907), a member of the United States Democratic Party, was the 41st Governor of Maryland in the United States from 1888 to 1892. They were born in 1837 in Delmar, Maryland and died in 1907 in the City of Baltimore, Maryland.  They are buried at the Parsons Cemetery in Salisbury, Maryland, the county seat of Wicomico County. They were part owner of Pemberton Hall, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
Governor Jackson is also known as having attended the ceremonies at Gettysburg Battlefield in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania from the largest military battle on the North American continent in July 1863, dedicating several regimental and battle monuments for engagements participated in by the Union Army (United States Army), and even visiting some already erected and privately funded Confederate States Army monuments, and showing equanimity towards both sides with several regiments of Maryland troops in both armies, including regiments from the former pre-war State Militia. During the ceremonies and travels through the battlefield areas, they and their staff carried a revived Maryland state flag incorporating the shield from the coats-of-arms of the old colonial proprietary family of the Calverts and Crosslands, with both the black/gold chevrons of the paternal Calvert family and the red/white colors of the split bottony crosses (trefoil) of the maternal Crossland family. The ancestral parents of the first Lord Baltimore, Sir George Calvert, (1579–1632), the first Baron Baltimore (Lord Baltimore) who originally received the granting charter in 1632 from King Charles I of England for the new third English colony and Province of Maryland, which after their sudden death, was transferred to their eldest son and heir, Cecilius Calvert, [1605-1675], (the second Baron Baltimore and Lord Baltimore) who then became the first Lord Proprietor of the Colony while still living in England. It was they who sent the first two ships (the "Ark" and the "Dove") to the shores of the Potomac River and the Chesapeake Bay with colonists who first briefly visited Virginia further south, then landed in March 1634, established the new capital St. Mary's City, under their younger brother Leonard Calvert, (1606–1647), as the first colonial governor.
By the end of the 19th century, carrying the old colonial armorial bearings from the shield emblazoned on a newly revived state flag, now seemed symbolic of the revival of reconciliation and sense of moving forward in the state so deeply torn asunder during the recent Civil War. There are several photographs of the Governor and their staff arrayed in front of several of the Maryland military monuments at Gettysburg, dressed in military uniforms and with the new state flag prominently posted alongside.
It was officially adopted in 1904 as the state flag by act of the General Assembly of Maryland in the historic 18th-century Maryland State House in the later state capital of Annapolis.
In their 2005 biography of poet Ogden Nash, Douglas M. Parker has written that "Elihu Emory Jackson . . . made a sizable fortune in the lumber business." The family, wrote Parker, were "Southern Methodists and Southern sympathizers." Jackson's granddaughter, Frances Leonard, was wed to Nash from 1931 to their death in 1971. [Source: Ogden Nash: The Life and Work of America's Laureate of Light Verse. Publisher: Ivan R. Dee, Chicago.]
References
1837 births
1907 deaths
Governors of Maryland
Members of the Maryland House of Delegates
Maryland Democrats
People from Wicomico County, Maryland
Democratic Party governors of Maryland
19th-century American politicians
Glaslyn (2016 population: ) is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within the Rural Municipality of Parkdale No. 498 and Census Division No. 17. The village is located 67 km north of the City of North Battleford and 91 km south of Meadow Lake at the intersection of Highway 4 and Highway 3.
History
Glaslyn incorporated as a village on April 16, 1929.
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Glaslyn had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the Village of Glaslyn recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Recreation
The village has a hockey arena, bowling lanes, baseball diamonds as well as local parks and a regional park nearby.
Glaslyn Minor Hockey
Glaslyn Figure Skating Club
Glaslyn Minor Ball Association
Glaslyn Heritage Lanes
Little Loon Regional Park
Education
In Northwest School Division #203, Glaslyn Central School offers grades K-12 to about 115 students.
See also
List of communities in Saskatchewan
Villages of Saskatchewan
References
Villages in Saskatchewan
Parkdale No. 498, Saskatchewan
Division No. 17, Saskatchewan
Masbrough is a suburb of Rotherham, South Yorkshire, England. It was named as the west of Rotherham by the middle of the Industrial Revolution, namely that part on the left bank of Don. Historically part of the West Riding of Yorkshire, it is in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham, centred 0.5 miles (0.8 km) west of Rotherham town centre. Much of the suburb falls within the Rotherham West ward of Rotherham MBC.
History and landmarks
Part of its land in the north lay within the manor of Kimberworth, the other contiguous western suburb of Rotherham today – Masbrough did not feature in the Domesday Book survey of 1086.
A commemorative memorial to 50 victims of a boat disaster at Masbrough in 1841 by Edwin Smith of Sheffield is in All Saints Church, Rotherham.
Legacies
A large memorial to a celebrated iron magnate, Samuel Walker, stands behind the site once occupied by the 1760 Independent chapel (with a date stone of 1777), the Walker Mausoleum. After being closed as a place of worship, the chapel became a carpet showroom Allens of Rotherham, but was destroyed by fire in 2012. It is connected by a short foot subway and Chapel Walk to all the historic buildings in central Rotherham. There were further memorials and statues within the chapel building. The chapel's statue to Jonathan Walker (died 1807), who was at the heart of the iron industry that led to the local area's development, depicts the man leaning on a truncated column "with head in hand".
In 1862, the Midland Iron Company was the scene of an industrial disaster, when one of the boilers exploded, killing nine people. No trace of this company exists as it became the site of a new bus depot in 1982.
Schools
The Masbrough community is served by Thornhill and Ferham primary schools. Secondary schooling is provided by Winterhill School in nearby Kimberworth.
Places of worship
Masbrough has six places of worship: St Bede's Roman Catholic Church, St Paul's Church of England Church, and Rotherham Assemblies of God, now known as Liberty Church, Rotherham, and the Jamia Mosque in College Road and two other mosques for Sunni Muslims.
Demography
The electoral ward largely co-extensive with Masbrough has lately been named Rotherham West. Respondents in this ward to the 2011 Census mainly identified themselves ethnically as White British, White European or British Pakistani.
People in this ward born in non-UK EU countries numbered approximately 5 per cent of the population: 572 (of which Ireland 35). Residents born in South Asia numbered 591, the Middle East 77, Zimbabwe 69, and Central and Western Africa 60. The dense minorities communities in the ward are due to the affordability of local housing.
Sport
Masbrough is the home of Millmoor, the former stadium of Second Division football club, Rotherham United and less than west from its replacement across the riverside nature reserve.
Transport
Rotherham Masborough railway station closed, having been opened in 1840 by the North Midland Railway as an interchange with the Sheffield and Rotherham Railway. Its services were diverted in 1987 to a new Rotherham Central railway station on a parallel line 600 m to the east.
The M1 motorway passes, at junction 34, Meadowhall, the far western neighbourhood of Masbrough, which is associated with Kimberworth.
Notable people
Josiah Beckwith (1734 – before May 1800), antiquary, settled in Masbrough.
Ebenezer Elliott (1781–1849), the "Corn Law Rhymer", was born in Masbrough. Though a mill owner, they agitated against the Corn Laws for the hardship they caused the poor.
Sandy Powell (1900–1982), radio comedian ("Can you hear me, Mother?"), attended White's School in Masbrough.
Ryan Sampson (born 1985), television actor (Plebs, After You've Gone), was born in Masbrough.
Samuel Walker (1779–1851), ironmaster, lived at Masbrough Hall and owned an ironworks that flourished until the end of the Napoleonic Wars. They were MP for Aldeburgh from 1818 to 1820.
Edward Williams (1750–1813), a Welsh-born co-founder of the London Missionary Society, became the pastor of Masbrough Independent Chapel in 1794.
References
Geography of Rotherham
Helcystogramma virescens is a moth in the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Walsingham in 1911. It is found in Mexico (Guerrero).
The wingspan is about 13 mm. The forewings are pale olivaceous greenish, with fuscous cloud-like spots. One at the base of the costa, reduplicated on the base of the cell, the lower portion stretching a little beyond the upper, one a little beyond the middle of the cell, reduplicated on the upper edge of the fold, below and a little beyond it, one on the costa before the cilia, and another, smaller and more
clearly defined, a little before it on the end of the cell. The wing-surface is somewhat sprinkled with fuscous scales, and a series of fuscous spots along the middle of the terminal cilia is continued around the apex, with which exception the cilia are pale greenish ochreous. The hindwings are pale rosy grey.
References
Moths described in 1911
virescens
Moths of Central America
¡Tré! (stylized in all caps) is the eleventh studio album by American rock band Green Day. It is the third and final installment in the ¡Uno! ¡Dos! ¡Tré! trilogy, a series of studio albums that were released from September to December 2012. Green Day started recording material for the album on February 14, 2012, and finished on June 26, 2012. ¡Tré! follows the power pop style of ¡Uno!, and the garage rock feel of ¡Dos! The album's title (making a pun on tres, which should follow the previous two titles) is a nod to the band's drummer Tré Cool. Cool is also featured on the album's cover. It is the band's last album as a quartet, due to Jason White reverting back to being a touring member in 2016. It is also their last album to date to be produced by their long-time producer Rob Cavallo, whose relationship with the band began with their 1994 album Dookie.
¡Tré! was released on December 7, 2012, in Australia, December 10 in the UK and December 11 in the US, through Reprise Records. Producing first week sales of 58,000 copies, a low for the band, the album received generally positive reviews from critics.
Recording and release
On April 11, 2012, Green Day announced that they would be releasing a trilogy of albums titled ¡Uno!, ¡Dos!, and ¡Tré! and stated that they would be released on September 25, 2012, November 13, 2012, and January 15, 2013, respectively, through Reprise Records. On August 22, Armstrong gave preview of some songs through their iPhone on Zane Lowe's show on BBC Radio 1 in the UK. The preview included a brief snippet of "8th Ave Serenade". The track listing for ¡Tré! was revealed at the beginning of their video for the promotional single "Nuclear Family" from ¡Uno! It was later released officially on the "Idiot Club" and was later posted on their website. The song "99 Revolutions" previously appeared in the film The Campaign. "99 Revolutions" also appeared in a trailer released by Green Day on their YouTube channel on June 21, 2012. On October 29, it was announced that the album's release will be pushed forward to December 11, 2012, due to Green Day having to cancel their upcoming 2012 section of their 2012/2013 tour and delay much of the 2013 leg. On November 1, Green Day released "Behind The Scenes of ¡Uno!, ¡Dos!, and ¡Tré! – Part 1" which featured the preview of the song "X-Kid". The release date of the ¡Tré! LPs were pushed back to February 12, 2013, presumably to correct the erroneous inclusion of "Stray Heart" on initial pressings of the album, replacing the track with "Drama Queen", as present on CD and digital releases of the album. Previews of "Missing You" and "Dirty Rotten Bastards" were featured on Green Day's ¡Cuatro! documentary.
Singles
The band released a video of a cassette tape playing for the song "X-Kid" and later confirmed it as the first single released on February 12, 2013.
Music and composition
Billie Joe Armstrong had said the following about the trilogy: Each of the three albums has a totally different vibe. "The first one is power pop. The second is more garage-y, Nuggets-type rock. And the third is supposed to be epic. With the first album you're getting in the mood to party. On the second one, you're at the party. And the third album you're cleaning up the mess." ¡Tré! will be geared more towards stadium rock and will have more of a grandiose sound complete with string arrangements and brass sections. They also went on to say that the mood of ¡Tré! will be "reflective" and explained the album would be a "mixed bag" with the sound fluctuating from the punk rock feel of Dookie and Insomniac, the experimental elements of Nimrod and Warning and finishing with the stadium rock/rock opera sound taken from American Idiot and 21st Century Breakdown. While musically, Rob Cavallo said that "They wanted to return to the simplicity of Dookie." "We also wanted to go pre-Dookie, back to our love of Fifties and Sixties music, close-to-the-bone rock and roll. You don't hear a gazillion parts. The majority of this is drums, bass, two guitars and vocals." Frontman Billie Joe also stated that ¡Tre! would be the most ambitious album of the trilogy. They have also stated the following of the album's opening track: "Brutal Love", which marries glam rock, doo-wop and soul music, includes swelling strings at its conclusion."
Critical reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, ¡Tré! received an average score of 64, which indicates "generally favorable reviews", based on 19 reviews. Ray Rahman of Entertainment Weekly wrote that the album "lets their tightly wound hooks decompress, delivering stadium-worthy three-chord nods to various ghosts of rock past". AllMusic editor Stephen Thomas Erlewine felt that the album is "hookier and not as ponderous as ¡Uno! but not quite as breakneck as ¡Dos!", writing that it "feels like ... a collection of songs capturing the band at its loosest and poppiest, throwing away tunes without much care." Kerrang! cited it as "the best of the bunch". Although they found it to be "littered with head-scratching filler and awkward sonic diversions", Ryan Reed of Paste called ¡Tré! "more raw, pointed and hard-hitting than anything they've released in years".
Michael Hann of The Guardian felt that "it's got some pretty good songs – but they never get better than pretty good." Alternative Press commented that the album "feels scattershot and slapped together, making it difficult to enjoy on its own merits." Jason Heller of The A.V. Club observed a lack of "inspiration" and wrote that the album "succeeds most as an exercise in influence-dropping and self-recycling". Barry Nicolson of NME viewed its songs as formulaic and found "little to distinguish them" from songs in the trilogy's first two albums. AJ Ramirez of PopMatters criticized its instrumentation as "functional and characterless", while critiquing the trilogy in general, "The widespread afforded by the ¡Uno!/¡Dos!/¡Tré! trilogy does not suit a band whose aptitudes include simplicity, energy, and irreverence." Stephanie Benson at Spin stated "¡Tré! is not nearly the vivacious "Let Yourself Go"/"Fuck Time" party of its two predecessors. The music may be just as strong, tight, and impeccable — this is a band that's been going at it for more than a quarter of a century, after all — but there's a lightness missing here, a lack of passion." Benson also compared some of the songs to those on Dookie and Nimrod.
Commercial performance
The album debuted at number 13 on the US Billboard 200 chart, with first-week sales of 58,000 copies in the United States. This became the second consecutive Green Day album, after ¡Dos!, not to sell 100,000 records in its first week after signing to a major record label. As of October 2016, the album had sold 155,000 copies. The album debuted at number 31 on the UK charts with first-week sales of 24,000 and total sales of 62,000 as of October 13, 2016
Track listing
Personnel
Credits for ¡Tré! adapted from liner notes.
Green Day
Billie Joe Armstrong – guitar, vocals, piano
Mike Dirnt – bass, vocals
Tré Cool – drums, percussion
Jason White - guitar
Additional Personnel
Tom Kitt – string/horn arrangements
Rob Cavallo – producers
Green Day – producers
Chris Dugan – engineering
Brad Kobylczak – engineering
Lee Bothwick – engineering
Wesley Seidman – assistant engineering
Ted Jensen – mastering
Chris Lord-Alge – mixing
Keith Armstrong – assistant mix engineering
Nik Karpen – assistant mix engineering
Brad Townsend – assistant mix engineering
Andrew Schubert – assistant mix engineering
Kenny Butler – drum technician
Mike Fasano – drum technician
Eden Galindo – bass technician
Andrew "Hans" Buscher – guitar technician
Chery Jenets – production managing
Jaime Neely – assistant production
Michelle Rogel – assistant production
Pat Magnarella – management
Chris Bilheimer – art direction/design
Felisha Tolentino – photography
Greg Schneider – stills
Charts
Certifications and sales
Release history
References
External links
¡Tré! at YouTube (streamed copy where licensed)
¡Tré! at AnyDecentMusic?
Green Day albums
Reprise Records albums
Albums produced by Rob Cavallo
Sequel albums
2012 albums
Gerontophilia is the primary sexual attraction to the elderly. A person with such a sexual preference is a gerontophile or gerontosexual.
The word gerontophilia was coined in 1901 by psychiatrist Richard von Krafft-Ebing. It derives from Greek: geron, meaning "old person" and philia, meaning "friendship". Gerontophilia is classified as a paraphilia, but is not mentioned in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders or International Classification of Diseases.
The prevalence of gerontophilia is unknown. A study of pornographic search terms on a peer-to-peer network reported that 0.15% had gerontophilic themes. Sex offenders with elderly victims do not necessarily have gerontophilia. There are other possible motivations for these offenses, such as rage or sadism, or the increased vulnerability of elderly as a social group, which are factors that may not involve a sexual preference for the elderly. There are no studies showing that most such offenders are gerontophiles. In one small study, two of six sex offenders against the elderly evinced gerontophilic tendencies. Gerontophilia can also be expressed with consenting elderly partners in a legal context.
Research on gerontophilia is limited to a small number of case studies, beginning with a paper by French physician Charles Féré in 1905. Féré described a 27-year-old man who rejected an arranged marriage with a 20-year-old "beauty" in favor of a 62-year-old woman. Such studies commonly report that the subject had an early sexual experience with a much older woman.
See also
Kenneth Erskine
Cougar (slang)
MILF
Gerontophilia (film)
References
Chronophilia
Old age
Kumul is the Uyghur name of Hami, a city in Xinjiang, China.
Kumul may also refer to:
Kumul Khanate, a semi-autonomous vassal state within the Qing Empire and the Republic of China
Kumul (bird), Paradisaea raggiana, the national bird of Papua New Guinea
Morobe United F.C., called "the Blue Kumuls" or "Morobe Kumuls", a Papua New Guinea association football club
The Kumuls, nickname for the Papua New Guinea national rugby league team
Delonix is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae, subfamily Caesalpinioideae. It contains trees that are native to Madagascar and East Africa. By far the best known species is the Royal Poinciana (D. regia).
The name of the genus is derived from the Greek words δηλος (delos), meaning "evident," and ονυξ (onyx), meaning "claw," referring to the petals. The common name, poinciana, comes from a former genus of the same name in which the members of the current genus Delonix were classified along with plants now placed in the genus Caesalpinia.
Selected species
References
External links
Fabaceae genera
Taxa named by Constantine Samuel Rafinesque
Armand Tallier (6 August 1887 – 1 March 1958) was a French stage and film actor of the silent era. In 1925 they established a small cinema in Paris, the Studio des Ursulines, to secure screenings of avant garde films that would struggle to get a mainstream release.
Selected filmography
Blanchette (1912)
The Torture of Silence (1917)
Marion Delorme (1918)
Simone (1918)
Mathias Sandorf (1921)
References
Bibliography
Goble, Alan. The Complete Index to Literary Sources in Film. Walter de Gruyter, 1999.
Hagener, Malte. Moving Forward, Looking Back: The European Avant-garde and the Invention of Film Culture, 1919-1939. Amsterdam University Press, 2007.
External links
1887 births
1958 deaths
French male film actors
French male silent film actors
20th-century French male actors
French male stage actors
French theatre directors
Male actors from Marseille
Ucchi Pillayar Temple is a 7th-century Hindu temple, one dedicated to Lord Ganesha located a top of Rockfort, Trichy, Tamil Nadu, India.
According to legend, this rock is the place where Lord Ganesha ran from King Vibishana, after establishing the Ranganathaswamy deity in Srirangam. Tiruchirapalli Rock Fort is also fondly called as Malaikottai in Tamil.
Architecture
The Rock Fort temple stands tall perched atop a rock. The smooth rock was first cut by the Pallavas but it was the Nayaks of Madurai who completed both the temples under the Vijayanagara empire.
The temple is situated at the top of the rock. The Ganesha temple is much smaller with access through steep steps carved on the rock and provides views of Trichy, Srirangam and the rivers Kaveri and Kollidam. Due to its ancient architecture, created by the Pallavas, the temple is maintained by the Archaeological department of India.
History of the Vinayaka temple
Vibhishana, was the younger brother of the Asura King Ravana who ruled Lanka. Lord Rama in the epic of Ramayana rescues their wife Sita, who was kidnapped and held by Ravana, with the help of Sugriva and Hanuman defeated him. In this war, the moral and truth-abiding brother of Ravana, Vibishana aids Rama in their battle against their brother. Ultimately Rama wins the war and as a token of love, they give Vibishana a vigraham (idol for worship) of Lord Ranganatha, a form of Vishnu.
Vibhishana, though they supported Rama, was basically an Asura, hence the Devas (who are arch rivals to Asuras as per Hindu mythology) wanted to stop this idea of an Asura taking Lord's supreme form to their Kingdom. They request the help of the Remover of obstacles and God of learning, Lord Vinayaka and the Lord accepts the plan. Vibhishana, while on their back to their Kingdom, goes through Trichi, and wanted to take their bath in the river Kaveri and do their daily rituals. However, they are perplexed as the deity, once kept in land, can never be removed and has to be in that place forever.
As a solution, Vibishana tries to find someone to hold the deity while they were taking bath. They find the Lord Vinayaka under disguise of a cowherd boy. As per the plan, when Vibishana is fully into water, Vinayaka takes the deity and keeps it firmly in sand, in the banks of kaveri. On seeing this, the angry Vibhishana chases the boy, to punish him, and boy keeps running and climbs over the rock near the Kaveri bank. Vibhishana finally reaches the boy and hits them on the fore-head. One can see a pit in the forehead of the idol even today. The little boy then reveals themselves to be Vinayaka. Vibishana immediately apologizes and the Lord gives them their blessings, reveals that the idol is destined to remain in Srirangam and sends them off to Lanka. This is similar in many regards to the story of Lord Ganesha in Gokarna with Ravana in the same Ramayana period.
The place in which the Ranganathan deity was kept was later covered in deep forests, due to disuse and after a very long time, it was discovered when a Chola king chasing a parrot found the deity accidentally. They then established the Ranganathaswamy Temple, Srirangam as the largest temple complexes in the world. Meanwhile, the Pallavas built the Vinayaka temple and the Thayumanaswamy temple, in the rock which Vinayaka used to escape Vibishana.
Uchi Pillayar is always associated with Manicka Vinayagar at the foothills. It is a general worship practise to pray obeisance with Manicak Vinayagar before visiting Uchi Pillayar.
The temple is maintained and administered by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department of the Government of Tamil Nadu.
Gallery
See also
Tiruchirapalli
Srirangam
Ranganathaswamy temple at Srirangam
Thiruvanaikaval
References
Ganesha temples
Hindu temples in Tiruchirappalli
Padal Petra Stalam
Carenum subcyaneum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1869.
References
subcyaneum
Beetles described in 1869
In six-dimensional geometry, a truncated 6-simplex is a convex uniform 6-polytope, being a truncation of the regular 6-simplex.
There are unique 3 degrees of truncation. Vertices of the truncation 6-simplex are located as pairs on the edge of the 6-simplex. Vertices of the bitruncated 6-simplex are located on the triangular faces of the 6-simplex. Vertices of the tritruncated 6-simplex are located inside the tetrahedral cells of the 6-simplex.
Truncated 6-simplex
Alternate names
Truncated heptapeton (Acronym: til) (Jonathan Bowers)
Coordinates
The vertices of the truncated 6-simplex can be most simply positioned in 7-space as permutations of (0,0,0,0,0,1,2). This construction is based on facets of the truncated 7-orthoplex.
Images
Bitruncated 6-simplex
Alternate names
Bitruncated heptapeton (Acronym: batal) (Jonathan Bowers)
Coordinates
The vertices of the bitruncated 6-simplex can be most simply positioned in 7-space as permutations of (0,0,0,0,1,2,2). This construction is based on facets of the bitruncated 7-orthoplex.
Images
Tritruncated 6-simplex
The tritruncated 6-simplex is an isotopic uniform polytope, with 14 identical bitruncated 5-simplex facets.
The tritruncated 6-simplex is the intersection of two 6-simplexes in dual configuration: and .
Alternate names
Tetradecapeton (as a 14-facetted 6-polytope) (Acronym: fe) (Jonathan Bowers)
Coordinates
The vertices of the tritruncated 6-simplex can be most simply positioned in 7-space as permutations of (0,0,0,1,2,2,2). This construction is based on facets of the bitruncated 7-orthoplex. Alternately it can be centered on the origin as permutations of (-1,-1,-1,0,1,1,1).
Images
Related polytopes
Related uniform 6-polytopes
The truncated 6-simplex is one of 35 uniform 6-polytopes based on the [3,3,3,3,3] Coxeter group, all shown here in A6 Coxeter plane orthographic projections.
Notes
References
H.S.M. Coxeter:
H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular Polytopes, 3rd Edition, Dover New York, 1973
Kaleidoscopes: Selected Writings of H.S.M. Coxeter, edited by F. Arthur Sherk, Peter McMullen, Anthony C. Thompson, Asia Ivic Weiss, Wiley-Interscience Publication, 1995,
(Paper 22) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi Regular Polytopes I, [Math. Zeit. 46 (1940) 380-407, MR 2,10]
(Paper 23) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes II, [Math. Zeit. 188 (1985) 559-591]
(Paper 24) H.S.M. Coxeter, Regular and Semi-Regular Polytopes III, [Math. Zeit. 200 (1988) 3-45]
Norman Johnson Uniform Polytopes, Manuscript (1991)
N.W. Johnson: The Theory of Uniform Polytopes and Honeycombs, Ph.D.
o3x3o3o3o3o - til, o3x3x3o3o3o - batal, o3o3x3x3o3o - fe
External links
Polytopes of Various Dimensions
Multi-dimensional Glossary
6-polytopes
German submarine U-486 was a Type VIIC U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine for service during World War II. They were laid down at the Deutsche Werke in Kiel as yard number 321, launched on 12 February 1944 and commissioned on 22 March with Oberleutnant zur See Gerhard Meyer in command.
The boat began training on 22 March with the 5th U-boat Flotilla but moved on to the 11th flotilla for operations.
They were one of nine Type VIIs that the Kriegsmarine fitted with an experimental synthetic rubber skin of anechoic tiles known as Alberich, which had been designed to counter the Allies' asdic/sonar devices.
Them remains were positively identified in March 2013 after they were found during oil exploration operations off the coast of Norway, not far from the remains of .
Design
German Type VIIC submarines were preceded by the shorter Type VIIB submarines. U-486 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. They had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two Germaniawerft F46 four-stroke, six-cylinder supercharged diesel engines producing a total of for use while surfaced, two Siemens-Schuckert GU 343/38–8 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. They had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-486 was fitted with five torpedo tubes (four fitted at the bow and one at the stern), fourteen torpedoes, one SK C/35 naval gun, (220 rounds), one Flak M42 and two twin C/30 anti-aircraft guns. The boat had a complement of between forty-four and sixty.
Service history
The submarine moved to Horten Naval Base in Norway between 6 and 9 November 1944 and then Egersund, (also in Norway, on the southwest coast, between Stavanger and Kristiansand), arriving there on 20 November.
First patrol
They departed Egersund on their first patrol on 26 November 1944, taking a circuitous route around the British Isles to the Western Approaches. The U-boat claimed their first victim south of the Eddystone Lighthouse by sinking the Silverlaurel on 18 December. They then attacked the on 24 December five miles off the coast of Cherbourg, France. This resulted in the death of over 750 Allied soldiers (819 total deaths). The Leopoldville sank about two hours later. They crippled the US-built but British manned frigate on the 26th. They also sank , another frigate, on the same day.
They were unsuccessfully attacked by a Canadian Vickers Wellington of 407 Squadron, RCAF on 30 December.
They returned to Norway, this time to Bergen, on 15 January 1945.
Second patrol
The boat departed Bergen on 9 April 1945, but was sunk by torpedoes from the British submarine on 12 April.
Summary of raiding history
Discovery of wreck
In early 2013, the wreck of U-486 was discovered by the Norwegian petroleum company Statoil at a depth of , off the coast of Western Norway. The wreck of U-486 is located c. from that of the fellow German submarine .
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
German Type VIIC submarines
World War II submarines of Germany
1944 ships
Ships built in Kiel
U-boats commissioned in 1944
U-boats sunk in 1945
U-boats sunk by British submarines
World War II shipwrecks in the North Sea
Ships lost with all hands
Maritime incidents in April 1945
American World University (AWU) is an unaccredited institution offering post-secondary education programs by distance learning. It has no physical campus. It awards academic degrees. In January 2000 American World University offered "all degrees" for $1,000 as a "New Years Special".
History
In 1990, Maxine Asher founded AWU, which operated out of a Rapid City, South Dakota office until 2000, when an increase in Iowa standards for post-secondary institutions led it to relocate to Pascagoula, Mississippi. Asher themselves was based in California and died in 2016.
, its current office address is 400 South Beverly Drive, Suite 214 in Beverly Hills, California.
Criticism and controversy
American World University is not accredited by any institutional accrediting body recognized by the United States Department of Education. However, it is listed as "accredited" by the World Association of Universities and Colleges, an organization that is also run by Maxine Asher.
As part of its services, AWU claims to offer people the opportunity to earn college credits based life experience and work, and to take courses at home through distance education. However, some dispute AWU's claim to provide legitimate academic services. John Bear, the author of Bears' Guide to Earning Degrees through Distance Learning, said of AWU, "Academically, there's nothing there."
In January, 2004, the State of Hawaii's Office of Consumer Protection won a lawsuit against AWU; the judgment enjoined AWU from "Providing any post-secondary instructional programs or courses leading to a degree" or "Acting as or holding themselves out as a 'college', 'academy', 'institute', 'institution', 'university' or anything similar thereto."
The Daily Iowan describes AWU in depth in an article entitled "Stealth U. in Iowa City duped many, experts say." According to the article, Michael Lambert, the executive director of the Washington, D.C.-based Distance Education and Training Council said Asher applied for accreditation for AWU to their organization in 1996. They said they complained about the requirements and the paperwork and challenged them to visit them in person. They recall flying to Iowa City and meeting them in a few empty rooms that were the headquarters of AWU. After a 30-minute meeting, Asher withdrew the application for accreditation.
The same article related the experiences of a student named John Shaw, who they say they received specific assurances from Asher that the master's degree they were seeking would be acknowledged in Saudi Arabia. When they applied for a job in that country, they were told that neither the degree nor the school were considered legitimate: "In fact, they told me that I was wasting my time and money studying with that school."
In March 2004 The Washington Post reported that a public official was criticized for possessing a doctorate from American World University. The article quoted John Bear as saying "Academically, there's nothing there," said Bear who noted "I don't call it a school, I call it a business."
As of 2006, the Los Angeles-area Better Business Bureau's report on AWU gave it a D rating, apparently based on one complaint, which the BBB says AWU "refuse[d] to adjust, relying on terms of agreement." The Mississippi Better Business Bureau, however, called AWU's record "satisfactory," again mentioning just a single complaint (presumably a different one) which, they judged, AWU had "made every reasonable effort to resolve."
AWU granted Ph.D. diplomas to several people who later supported the university in its literature, including Dr. Adrian Waller (a former lecturer at Nihon University in Tokyo and Mishima, Japan,) and Dr. Bruce Rosen (former Asst. Professor, Computer Science, University of Texas–San Antonio).
See also
List of unaccredited institutions of higher learning
References
External links
AWU's website
AWU's Virtual University E-learning System for Spanish Speaking Students
Unaccredited institutions of higher learning in the United States
Education in Rapid City, South Dakota
Educational institutions established in 1990
Distance education institutions based in the United States
1990 establishments in South Dakota
The 2nd White Cloth hall was a marketplace for the sale of undyed cloth in Holbeck, Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
It was built south of the river, between Meadow Lane and Hunslet Lane in 1756 to replace the 1st White Cloth Hall of 1711. The 2nd cloth hall was much larger than its predecessor but it only served 20 years until the construction of the enormous 3rd White Cloth Hall.
The building was demolished in 1786, only 30 years after its construction. The only part of the building to survive was the cupola which was transferred to the 3rd White Cloth Hall.
See also
1st White Cloth Hall
3rd White Cloth Hall
4th White Cloth Hall
References
Buildings and structures in Leeds
Demolished buildings and structures in England
Buildings and structures demolished in 1786
Vidyadhar Pasusa Johrapurkar (born 1935) is a Sanskritist, social anthropologist and historian. Their name is sometimes spelt as Vidyadhar Pasusa Joharapurkar. They specialize in Jainism and Jain philosophy.
Prof. Dr. Vidyadhar Pasusa Johrapurkar is from Nagpur. They finished their M.A. in 1956 and Ph.D. in 1959, both from Nagpur University. They worked as Professor of Sanskrit at the Department of Education, Government of Madhya Pradesh. They taught Sanskrit at the Graduate and Post-Graduate level at Government Colleges in Nagpur, Jabalpur, Jaora, Mandala and Bhopal. They retired as Professor and Head, Department of Sanskrit at Government College, Seoni, Madhya Pradesh.
As a child, Johrapurkar was inspired to read by their grandfather Nemasav's personal library. As a youth, they joined the Jain Svayamsevak Sangh and thus entered the field of social service. Their friend Prof Dr Shantikumar Killedar instigated their study of Indian history and social anthropology.
Nearly 100 of their scholarly articles have been published in magazines such as Sanmati and Anekanta. They were interviewed more than once by Nagpur Doordarshan and Radio Nagpur.
Their book Bhattaraka-Sampradaya provides a reconstruction of the Digambar Jain monastic lineages using compilations of Jain inscriptions and has been widely used as a reference.
Scholar and writer
Here is a list of the books written/edited by Vidyadhar Johrapurkar:
YASHASTILAKA - Hindi Kathasara (Abridged Hindi version of the Yashastilaka)
TILAKAMANJARI- Hindi Kathasara (Abridged Hindi version of Dhanapala's Tilakamanjari)
BHATTARAKA SAMPRADAYA (Research work on historical and anthropological grounds, based on Digambara Jain Bhattarakas published by Jain Sanskriti Sanrakshak Sangh, Solapur in 1958)
DHARMAMRTA (Study of a 15th Century Marathi work on Jainism)
JINA-SAGARA KAVITA (Compilation of 18th century Marathi devotional poetry)
TIRTHAVANDANASAMGRAHA (Collection of essays on Jain Tirthas published by Jain Sanskriti Sanrakshak Sangh, Solapur in 1965)
VISHVA-TATTVA PRAKASHA by Bhavasena Traividya (Hindi translation of a 13th-century Sanskrit work, published by Jain Sanskriti Sanrakshak Sangh, Solapur in 1964)
PRAMAPRAMEYA by Bhavasena Traividya (Hindi translation of a 13th-century Sanskrit work on formal logic)
JAIN SHILALEKHA SAMGRAHA part 4 (Compilation and Critical Study of Jain epigraphy published by Bharatiya Jnanapitha, New Delhi)
JAIN SHILALEKHA SAMGRAHA part 5 (Compilation and Critical Study of Jain epigraphy published by Bharatiya Jnanapitha, New Delhi)
KUVALAYAMALA - Marathi Kathasara (Abridged Marathi version of the Prakrit classic Kuvalayamala)
SVAYAMBHUSTOTRA (Marathi translation of Acarya Samantabhadra's Svayambhustotra)
VIRA SHASANA KE PRABHAVAKA ACARYA - Purvardha (Historical research on early and medieval Jain monks published by Bharatiya Jnanapitha, New Delhi in 1975)
VIVEKA VILASA (Translation of a 15th-century Gujarati text)
BHAGAVAN MAHAVIRA (Short Introduction in Hindi on Jina Mahavira)
BHAGAVAN MAHAVIRA (Short Introduction in Marathi on Jina Mahavira)
PRACINA MARATHI KATHAPANCAKA (Adaptation of 17th & 18th century Marathi short stories)
MARATHI JAIN SAHITYA (Published as part of JAIN SAHITYA KA BRHAD ITIHASA part 7, published by Parshvanatha Vidyapitha, Varanasi)
BAGHERVAL JATI KA ITIHASA (Historical study of the Bagherval Jain community, published by Akhil Bharatiya Digambara Jain Bagherval Sangh, Kota in 2001)
See also
Balatkara Gana
Bhattaraka
References
External links
http://connemara.tnopac.gov.in/cgi-bin/koha/opac-search.pl?q=au%3AJOHRAPURKAR
http://connemara.tnopac.gov.in/cgi-bin/koha/opac-search.pl?q=au:JOHARAPURKAR
https://openlibrary.org/authors/OL5275041A/Vidyadhar_P._Johrapurkar
https://books.google.com/books/about/Tirthavandanasamgraha.html?id=20xIAAAAMAAJ
https://books.google.com/books?id=cAoLg0R1jZIC&pg=PA300&lpg=PA300&dq=vidyadhar+johrapurkar&source=bl&ots=QIQiOGLsJw&sig=V_v37L-LtCgmLUGOylTCKqrLmYY&hl=en&ei=ECnBTrDJKYjOrQe3-73eAQ&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=7&ved=0CFEQ6AEwBg#v=onepage&q=vidyadhar%20johrapurkar&f=false
https://openlibrary.org/authors/OL6845A/Vidyadhar_Pasusa_Joharapurkar
http://www.jainworld.com/society/jainevents/Itihas%20Parishad.htm
http://www.jainsamaj.org/magazines/ahimsatimesshow.php?id=184
1935 births
Living people
Social anthropologists
Scholars from Nagpur
20th-century Indian Jains
21st-century Indian Jains
Humane Society International (HSI) is the international division of The Humane Society of the United States. Founded in 1991, HSI has expanded The HSUS's activities into Central and South America, Africa, and Asia. HSI's Asian, Australian, Canadian, and European offices carry out field activities and programs.
Activities
Humane Society International (HSI) claims to address issues such as inhumane practices and conditions affecting companion and farm animals, illegal wildlife trade, threats to endangered species, slaughter of marine mammals, the use of animals in research and testing, the suffering of animals for the fur trade. HSI works with national and jurisdictional governments, humane organizations, and individual animal protectionists in over 50 countries worldwide to find practical, culturally sensitive, and long-term solutions to common animal problems and to inculcate an ethic of respect and compassion for all life.
Methods
Humane Society International (HSI) cooperates with policymakers on international treaties and free trade agreements to conduct briefings and to help draft legislation, regulations, policy statements, and resolutions affecting animals. HSI supports the efforts of governments, industries and NGOs to promote the protection of animals through trade capacity building projects in developing countries and international campaigns to reduce suffering caused by exploitation of marine mammals, factory farming, the fur trade, trophy hunting, toxicology and research testing, and animal fighting and cruelty.
HSI is a regular and active participant in meetings of international bodies such as the International Whaling Commission, the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature, and enjoys Category I A General Consultative Status with the United Nations.
Global offices
Humane Society International (HSI) is the largest animal protection organisation in the world with over 12 million supporters globally. They have offices in the United States, Canada, Central America, United Kingdom and Europe, South Korea, Australia, South Africa and special conservation projects in many other countries.
Australia
Humane Society International Australia was established in May 1994 to support conservation and animal protection efforts in Australia and the Asia Pacific region. With over 40,000 Australian supporters and a number of significant achievements, HSI is now a major NGO influence for advocating positive change for environmental management and animal protection.
HSI works with national and state governments, conservation NGOs, animal welfare organisations, scientists and individuals to find practical, culturally sensitive, and long-term solutions to common environmental and animal protection problems.
HSI Australia has a particular emphasis on the following areas:
a small grants program for environment and wildlife protection programs across Asia, Africa and India (and domestically);
disaster relief support in developing countries to rescue stricken and abandoned animals and wildlife;
the “Humane Choice” food label to improve the lives of farm animals and address the unsustainable practice of intensive farming;
habitat protection in Australia with the 'Wildlife Land Trust,' a network of wildlife sanctuaries around Australia (including a legislative habitat nomination program);
national and international marine campaigns against whaling, and seeking greater protection for sharks, turtles, seals, albatrosses and threatened fish species.
climate change, and the protection of ‘carbon sinks' such as rainforests and areas of high biodiversity value
national and international biodiversity policy and implementation to protect habitats critical to the survival of many native species;
Awards
In 2012 the HSI awarded Marcelle Meredith, Executive Director of the National Council of Societies for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals - South Africa (NSPCA), with the Award for Extraordinary Commitment and Achievement. The award is to recognize an individual animal protectionist (particularly those from developing countries) whose hard work and compassion have led them or them to exceptional levels of bravery and self-sacrifice in striving to mitigate and prevent the suffering of animals from neglect, cruelty and exploitation. In the past 25 years, Marcelle Meredith has achieved countless advancements in the protection of farm, wild and companion animals in South Africa and surrounding countries, creating model examples and laws for others to follow.
References
External links
Humane Society International on YouTube
Facebook page
International
Criticisms of bullfighting
Ports of Call () is a 1991 novel by the French-Lebanese writer Amin Maalouf. The narrative follows a married couple consisting of a Muslim man and a Jewish woman, Ossyane and Clara, who become separated after World War II. The échelles du Levant were Mediterranean seaports under Ottoman sovereignty where the French had traded from the 16th century with a near monopoly.
Reception
William Ferguson wrote in The New York Times wrote that the protagonists' "marriage is presented here as an exemplary rejection of suspicion and hatred between peoples, most particularly in the Middle East. Perhaps the author's fondness for allegory is the reason Ossyane's tale sounds more like polished writing than real speech, and why the characters often seem more like ideas than people."
See also
1996 in literature
Contemporary French literature
References
1996 novels
Novels by Amin Maalouf
Éditions Grasset books
Islam and Judaism
John Benjamin Hickey (born June 25, 1963) is an American actor with a career in stage, film and television. They won the 2011 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Play for their performance as Felix Turner in The Normal Heart.
Early life
Hickey was born in Plano, Texas, and graduated from Plano Sr. High School in 1981. They attended Texas State University - San Marcos from 1981–1983, where they were active in the theater department. They earned their bachelor's degree in English at Fordham University in 1985.
Career
On Broadway, they originated the role of Arthur in Terrence McNally's play Love! Valour! Compassion! in 1995, a role they recreated for the 1997 film version.
They played supporting roles in a number of films including The Ice Storm (1997) and The Anniversary Party (2001). They have also appeared in Flightplan, Flags of Our Fathers, Freedom Writers, Then They Found Me, Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, The Bet and Life with Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows.
They played Clifford Bradshaw in the 1998 Broadway revival of Cabaret, which won the Tony for Best Revival of a Musical. In that same year, they played the lead in the independent film Finding North.
On Broadway, they played Reverend John Hale in the 2002 revival of Arthur Miller's The Crucible.
Hickey played American novelist and playwright Jack Dunphy in the 2006 Truman Capote biopic Infamous. Hickey played Philip Stoddard on the short-lived gay-themed sitcom It's All Relative. Since It's All Relative, Hickey has appeared on Alias, Law & Order, Brothers & Sisters, Stacked, Heartland, In Plain Sight, Law & Order: Los Angeles, and Modern Family.
They appeared in the 2011 Broadway revival of The Normal Heart, for which they won the Tony Award, Featured Actor in a Play. They were in the Broadway revival of Mary Stuart in 2009, as the Earl of Leicester.
From 2010 to 2013, they appeared on The Big C and was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie for the final season of the series, subtitled Hereafter. Hickey starred as scientist Frank Winter on the TV series Manhattan, which concluded on December 15, 2015 after two seasons and 23 episodes.
In 2015, they appeared Off-Broadway at the Mitzi Newhouse Theatre in the play Dada Woof Papa Hot by Peter Parnell.
In 2018 they appeared in the world premiere of Matthew Lopez's new play The Inheritance, inspired by E.M. Forster's novel Howards End, creating the role Henry Wilcox at London's Young Vic and then transferring to the West End.
Personal life
Hickey is gay. Since 2003 their partner has been screenwriter and television producer Jeffrey Richman.
Filmography
Film
Source: TCM; AllMovie
Television
Theatre
Source: IBDB, IOBDB
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1963 births
Male actors from Texas
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American gay actors
Juilliard School alumni
Living people
People from Plano, Texas
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
Fordham University alumni
Texas State University alumni
Tony Award winners
LGBT people from Texas
Audiobook narrators
O'Bannon may refer to:
Ships
USS O'Bannon (DD-177), U.S. Navy Wickes-class destroyer (1919–1922)
USS O'Bannon (DD-450), U.S. Navy Fletcher-class destroyer (1942–1970)
USS O'Bannon (DD-987), U.S. Navy Spruance-class destroyer (1979–2005)
Others
O'Bannon (surname), includes a list of people with the name
O'Bannon, Louisville, neighborhood in Kentucky, U.S.
See also
Bannon, Arizona, U.S. unincorporated community
The Raqqa Hawks Brigade (), also known as Raqqa Falcons Brigade, is a primarily Arab militia, composed mostly of Raqqa natives, that is part of the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) and fights against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). The unit's stated goal was to recapture its home city from ISIL, which it achieved by taking part in the Battle of Raqqa (2017). The Raqqa Hawks are considered to have sympathies for and connections with Bashar al-Assad's government.
History
Origins
The Raqqa Hawks Brigade was originally formed as battalion of the Front of Raqqa Revolutionaries in early 2015, but left the group sometime during 2016. The Russian Armed Forces and the Israeli Begin–Sadat Center have described the Raqqa Hawks Brigade as Free Syrian Army-affiliated faction, but there have also been allegations that the militia is actually loyal to the Syrian government. For example, a representative of the Raqqa Hawks reportedly met with Ba'ath Party officials in Qamishli in September 2016. Members of the militia have stated that their primary aim was revenge against ISIL in general and to free their homelands from ISIL's regime.
In December 2015, the Russian Armed Forces General Staff claimed that the Russian Air Force bombed ISIL targets north of Raqqa to support the Ghanim group, part of the Raqqa Hawks Brigade.
Raqqa campaign (2016–17)
Raqqa countryside and conflicts with the Front of Raqqa Revolutionaries
When the group joined the campaign to capture Raqqa in November 2016, it had around 1,000 fighters and was expected to be a "key component of the fight for the city". The Raqqa Hawks Brigade possesses several technicals and gun trucks, the latter of which were mostly captured from ISIL. In mid-November, the Raqqa Hawks Brigade took part in the several days-long battle for Tal Saman, the ISIL headquarters in the northern Raqqa countryside.
In December, tensions rose between the Front of Raqqa Revolutionaries and the Raqqa Hawks Brigade, with several military commanders of the former reportedly defecting to the latter. On 27 December, however, the Front of Raqqa Revolutionaries commanders claimed on video that they had been kidnapped by the Raqqa Hawks Brigade and forced to announce their defection, and that they were still loyal to their old group.
On 20 February 2017, one sub-commander of the Raqqa Hawks Brigade, Abu Yamen al-Meko, who reportedly had strong links to the Military Intelligence Directorate, declared their loyalty to Bashar al-Assad and formed the pro-government unit "Northern Union". Their followers consequently raised the Ba'athist flag at their headquarters in the village of al-Fares. These actions, however, provoked the Front of Raqqa Revolutionaries' ire, which launched a surprise attack on al-Fares two days later and destroyed al-Meko's faction, killing or capturing its members. The Front of Raqqa Revolutionaries went on to declare that it "would never allow the regime and its supporting militia to re-enter the city [of Raqqa] by any means".
Battle of Tabqa
On 11 April, the US Air Force mistakenly bombed a position held by the Raqqa Hawks Brigade near the city of al-Thawrah and killed around 17 fighters from the group. BBC producer Riam Dalati went on to claim that the airstrike had been called in by the YPG, which was denied by YPG spokesperson Rêdûr Xelîl. The killed fighters were buried with full military honors on the next day near Tell Abyad, with thousands of locals participating in the funeral. The Carter Center claimed that the Raqqa Hawks blamed the YPG for the bombing, and had declared that they would leave the entire Raaqa campaign. This was contradicted by the fact that the group continued to fight alongside the YPG for Raqqa in the following months.
According to a pro-Syrian opposition news outlet, a minor skirmish between the YPG and Raqqa Hawks Brigade fighters took place in northern Tell Abyad in late May. The reason for this incident allegedly was that the YPG had attempted to arrest Raqqa Hawks Brigade members who were suspected of supporting the Assad government.
Battle of Raqqa and end of the Ghanim group
Following the conquest of al-Thawrah, the Raqqa Hawks Brigade took part in the advance on Raqqa, and was among the SDF units that took part in the assault on the city in June 2017, taking part in the fight for its Roman neighborhood.
On 26 August 2017, the YPG raided the headquarters of the Raqqa Hawks Brigade's Ghanim group in Tell Abyad and captured 15 fighters, including the commander of the group, Fayad Ghanim, in addition to seizing their weapons. Several other fighters from the group fled to Syrian government-controlled territory in the eastern Raqqa countryside. The YPG accused the Ghanim group of coordinating with government forces during their offensive near the area. Despite their purported arrest, Fayad Ghanim too eventually managed to flee into government-controlled areas, where they met and was photographed with the head of the Tiger Forces, Suheil al-Hassan.
Overall, several commanders of the Raqqa Hawks Brigade defected to the government over the course of 2017, and according to WINEP, the loyalty of those who stayed with the SDF remains "dubious". By 2018, a unit known as "Raqqa Hawks Brigade" had become active as part of the pro-government Tiger Forces. It is unclear whether this unit has any relation to the SDF group of the same name. The pro-opposition news site Zaman al Wasl news site continued to list the Raqqa Hawks Brigade as an SDF member group in early 2019.
Organization
Though the Raqqa Hawks Brigade reportedly includes mostly fighters from Raqqa, at least one of its sub-units, the Ghanim group, is composed of people from northern Raqqa Governorate, primarily Tell Abyad. The militia also recruited a substantial number of fighters from the Naim, al-Baggara, and Anazzah tribes.
The Ghanim group was accused by pro-opposition media to be partly funded and equipped by the Air Force Intelligence Directorate and Russia, and several members of the unit actually defected to the Syrian Army in August 2017. Another sub-unit was the group of Abu Yamen al-Meko, who later formed the pro-Assad faction "Northern Union". This group was based in the village of al-Fares west of Tell Abyad, and was eventually destroyed by Jabhat Thuwar al-Raqqa on 22 February 2017.
References
Works cited
Anti-ISIL factions in Syria
Syrian Democratic Forces
Military units and formations established in 2016
2016 establishments in Syria
Inderjit Bhogal is a Kenyan English minister in the Methodist church and theologian. They were the first person from a minority ethnic background to be appointed President of the Methodist Conference, in 2000 - 2001, and a founder of City of Sanctuary (UK).
Personal life and education
Bhogal was born into a Sikh family in Kenya. In 1964, when they were eleven, the family had to leave the country as refugees and finally settled in Dudley in the UK. They started to attend a church because there was no local Sikh temple and then became a member of the Methodist church. They attended the Blue Coat School, Dudley, took a first degree in Manchester and then took master's degree at Oxford and Sheffield.
Ministry
Once ordained, Bhogal was appointed to a circuit in Wolverhampton from 1979 until 1987, and then moved to Sheffield. They were appointed as President of the Methodist Conference for 2000 - 2001. They retired in 2018.
Bhogal had started an interfaith group by the time they were 20 and has continued to promote interfaith peacemaking and good relationships. They also advocate for justice for all people without prejudice, both within the Methodist church and more widely in secular society. Their activism and outspoken challenges are considered by some within the church to have negatively affected their career within the clergy.
Since 1997 they have been active in campaigning about the treatment of asylum seekers and refugees.  They are keen on walking in company and has used long-distance walks to gain publicity. In 2001 wrote a report Unlocking The Doors that they sent to the Home Secretary. They were one of the founders of City of Sanctuary (UK) that started in Sheffield in 2005. and in the same year they were appointed to the Order of the British Empire for their work on inter-faith relations. They were behind the designation of the Wilberforce Way in 2007. From 2011 - 2013 they were the chief executive officer of the Corrymeela Community in Northern Ireland, and at the time was the only person from a minority ethnic background in the island of Ireland to hold a CEO position. In 2018 Bhogal was awarded the World Methodist Peace Award as someone who has made significant contributions to peace, reconciliation and justice They said:
In 2020 they became honorary president of the Fellowship of Reconciliation England and Scotland from 2020 until 2023.
Bhogal has been awarded honorary doctorates by the Universities of Oxford Brookes in 2001, Sheffield Hallam in 2002 and Sheffield in 2020.
References
Living people
English Methodist ministers
Presidents of the Methodist Conference
1951 births
Zondervan is an international Christian media and publishing company located in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Zondervan is a founding member of the Evangelical Christian Publishers Association (ECPA). They are a part of HarperCollins Christian Publishing, Inc. and has multiple imprints including Zondervan Academic, Zonderkidz, Blink, and Editorial Vida. Zondervan is the commercial rights holder for the New International Version (NIV) Bible in North America.
History
Zondervan was founded in 1931 in Grandville, MI, a suburb of Grand Rapids, by brothers Peter ("P.J.", "Pat") and Bernard (Bernie) Zondervan, who were the nephews of publisher William B. Eerdmans. The company began in the Zondervans' farmhouse and originally dealt with selling remainders and publishing public domain works.
The first book it published was Women of the Old Testament by Abraham Kuyper, in 1933. Within a few years it developed a list of its own, and began publishing Bible editions. The Berkeley Version appeared in 1959, and the Amplified Bible in 1965. The New International Version New Testament was published in partnership with the International Bible Society in 1973, and the complete NIV Bible appeared in 1978. The company was bought by HarperCollins, a division of News Corp, in 1988, and is the company's principal Christian book publishing division. Scott Macdonald was appointed President and CEO in May 2011.
Zondervan also publishes many other books by Christian authors focusing on topics of interest to Christians. In the 1970s it published The Late, Great Planet Earth by Hal Lindsey, which has sold more than 30 million copies. They are also known for the Bible storytelling books of Ethel Barrett, Joni by quadriplegic Joni Eareckson Tada, Baptist minister and author Rick Warren's The Purpose Driven Life, which has sold more than 35 million copies, and Sacred Marriage, by Gary Thomas. In 2004, Zondervan expanded to include Renee Altson, Shane Claiborne, Sarah Raymond Cunningham and Margaret Feinberg, authors writing for young readers.
The children's arm of the company Zonderkidz published The Jesus Storybook Bible in 2007, written by Sally Lloyd-Jones and illustrated by Jago it has sold in excess of 2 million copies in 19 languages.
The NIV Zondervan Study Bible was released in 2015 during the 50th anniversary of the New International Version (NIV) translation. The study Bible, edited by Dr. D. A. Carson, features over 60 evangelical contributors from multiple denominations.
Recording business
Zondervan was in the Christian record business for many years with the Singspiration and Zondervan Victory labels in the 1960s, Singcord in the 1970s, and the Milk & Honey Records label, starting in the late 1970s.
In 1980, Zondervan and Paragon Associates bought Christian record label Benson Records in a partnership to own and operate for $3 million. The resulting company was (measured by sales) one and a half times the size of its closest competitor, Word. Zondervan bought out Paragon in 1983, and eventually sold Benson to Zomba Label Group in 1993, now a part of Sony BMG Music Entertainment.
Pradis
Pradis was the trademarked name for Zondervan's native format for biblical software. On September 22, 2009, Logos Research Systems, Inc, and Zondervan announced a new partnership, and the retirement of Pradis. Thirty-one titles were slated for availability in "early 2010" in the LOGOS Bible Software format.
References
External links
Zondervan
Book publishing companies based in Michigan
Christian mass media companies
Evangelical Christian publishing companies
Companies based in Grand Rapids, Michigan
Publishing companies established in 1931
1931 establishments in Michigan
HarperCollins books
Protestantism in Michigan
News Corporation subsidiaries
Religion in Grand Rapids, Michigan
Kilian Ludewig (born 5 March 2000) is a German professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Danish Superliga club AaB, on loan from Red Bull Salzburg.
Club career
Early years
Ludewig started playing football at Barsbütteler SV and Willinghusener SC before moving to the youth academy of FC St. Pauli in 2014. After just one year, they moved on to RB Leipzig. In November 2015, they made their debut for Leipzig's under-19 team in the Under 19 Bundesliga when they came off the bench for Przemysław Płacheta on the tenth matchday of the 2015–16 season against Hamburger SV in injury time. In December 2015, they made their first appearance for Leipzig's under-17 team in the Under 17 Bundesliga against VfL Wolfsburg. In August 2016, they scored their first three goals in the Under 17 Bundesliga in an 8–0 win against Niendorfer TSV.
Ludewig was officially promoted to the under-19 ahead of the 2017–18 season. They scored their first goal in the Under 19 Bundesliga in August 2017 in a 2–0 victory against Hertha BSC. Between September and December 2017, they also played three games for RB Leipzig in the UEFA Youth League.
Red Bull Salzburg
Ludewig joined Austrian Football Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg in June 2018, signing a four-year contract. They were also initially available for selection by reserve team FC Liefering. They made their debut for Liefering in September 2018 in a game against FC Juniors OÖ.
Loans
After having only appeared for Liefering through one-and-a-half seasons, Ludewig joined Barnsley on loan on 9 January 2020. After making 18 games for Barnsley in the EFL Championship and avoiding relegation, the loan was extended for another season in August 2020.
After another four second-tier appearances for Barnsley, however, the loan was terminated prematurely in October 2020 and Ludewig was loaned to German Bundesliga club Schalke 04 for the remainder of the season. A few days earlier, Manuel Baum, under whom Ludewig had played in the national under-20 side, had taken over as head coach of Schalke. In Gelsenkirchen Ludewig only made six league appearances as they had missed a large part of the season due to a metatarsal fracture suffered in December 2020. Schalkern suffered a historic relegation at the end of the season.
After one-and-a-half years on loan in England and Germany, Ludewig returned to Salzburg for the 2021–22 season. There, they made their debut in the Bundesliga in October 2021 against LASK. However, this remained their only appearance for Salzburg beside one appearance in an Austrian Cup game against SKN St. Pölten.
On 13 January 2022, Ludewig was loaned to Willem II in Eredivisie until the end of the season. In Tilburg, however, they were also unable to assert themselves and was only utilised four times in the Eredivisie. The club suffered relegation at the end of the season.
On 24 June 2022, Ludewig was sent on a one-season loan to Danish Superliga club AaB.
Career statistics
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
German footballers
Association football defenders
Germany youth international footballers
Germany under-21 international footballers
FC Liefering players
RB Leipzig players
FC Red Bull Salzburg players
Barnsley F.C. players
FC Schalke 04 players
AaB Fodbold players
English Football League players
2. Liga (Austria) players
Bundesliga players
Danish Superliga players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
German expatriate footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in Austria
Expatriate footballers in Austria
German expatriate sportspeople in England
Expatriate footballers in England
German expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
German expatriate sportspeople in Denmark
Expatriate footballers in Denmark
Footballers from Hamburg
K. S. Saleekha is a member of Kerala Legislative Assembly. They belong to Communist Party of India (Marxist) and represented Shornur constituency from 2011 to 2016. They were previously elected to Kerala Legislative Assembly in 2006 from Sreekrishnapuram Assembly constituency.
Positions held
Member, CPI(M) Palakkad District Committee (2002 onwards)
Palakkad District Secretary, All India Democratic Women's Association (2001-2010)
State Joint Secretary, AIDWA; Director, Kadampazhipuram Service Co-operative Bank (1988-1996)
President, Sreekrishnapuram Block Panchayat (1995-2000)
Member, District Panchayat, Palakkad (2000-2005)
Personal life
They were born at Pazhaya Lakkidi on 15 June 1961.  They are the daughter of Saidali and Khadeeja.
References
Members of the Kerala Legislative Assembly
Communist Party of India (Marxist) politicians from Kerala
1961 births
Living people
Christ's Church of the Valley (CCV) is a non-denominational Christian megachurch located in Metropolitan Phoenix, Arizona. The church has several campuses in Arizona. Weekend church attendance was 32,000.
History
Christ's Church of the Valley was founded by pastor Dr. Donald Wilson in 1982 with services held in a rented movie theater. Christ's Church of the Valley also held services in an elementary school and a strip mall for a short period of time. In 1996, Christ's Church of the Valley found a permanent home, after raising over $1 million in one day to purchase 50 acres of land in the northwest Phoenix.
For the first four years on the new property, Christ's Church of the Valley held services in a ‘sprung' structure with seating for 1,100. In January 2004, Christ's Church of the Valley moved into their current 4,500 seat multi-use structure on a 100-acre campus. In 2006, CCV built two new buildings for its children and youth ministries from over $8 million in funding, raised in one weekend. These buildings opened in fall 2008.
As of 2016, it had 6 campuses in Maricopa County.
On October 29, 2017, Don Wilson, CCV's founding pastor stepped down as Senior Pastor after 35 years at CCV. Their replacement was Ashley Wooldridge, who was an Executive Pastor and a Teaching Pastor at the church for ten years prior.
According to a church census released in 2019, it claimed a weekly attendance of 32,107 people and 9 campuses in different cities.
See also
List of the largest evangelical churches
List of the largest evangelical church auditoriums
Worship service (evangelicalism)
References
External links
CCV Official Website
Evangelical churches in Arizona
Religious organizations based in Arizona
Evangelical megachurches in the United States
Culture of Peoria, Arizona
Christian organizations established in 1982
Christian denominations established in the 20th century
Churches in Maricopa County, Arizona
Buildings and structures in Peoria, Arizona
1982 establishments in Arizona
Megachurches in Arizona
Vladimir Iselidze (born 25 November 1948) is a Soviet water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1948 births
Living people
Soviet male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of the Soviet Union
Water polo players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Tbilisi
Carenum obsoletum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1888.
References
obsoletum
Beetles described in 1888
Floyd Mayweather Jr. vs. Marcos Maidana II, billed as Mayhem, was a world championship boxing match held on September 13, 2014, in the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, United States.
The fight was won by Mayweather via unanimous decision, with scores of 116-111 twice and 115-112.
Background
The pair fought earlier that year at the MGM Grand. Despite the bout being closer than most Mayweather bouts, Mayweather won by Majority Decision. The fight with Maidana proved to be one of Floyd's tougher opponents, thus, the rematch seemed likely.
Fight card
References
External links
Floyd Mayweather vs. Marcos Maidana II Official Fight Card from BoxRec
Floyd Mayweather vs. Marcos Maidana 2 on Showtime
Floyd Mayweather vs. Marcos Maidana II on BoxNation
Maidana
2014 in boxing
Boxing in Las Vegas
Boxing on Showtime
2014 in sports in Nevada
Golden Boy Promotions
September 2014 sports events in the United States
MGM Grand Garden Arena
This is a list of shipwrecks located in and around the continent of Europe.
Albania
Belgium
Bulgaria
Canary Islands
Corsica
Croatia
Cyprus
Denmark
Estonia
Faroe Islands
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Iceland
Ireland
Isle of Man
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Malta
Montenegro
The Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia / Soviet Union
Spain
Slovenia
Sweden
Ukraine
United Kingdom
References
External links
WRECKSITE Worldwide free database of + 65,000 wrecks with history, maritime charts and GPS positions
Europe
Shipwrecks
Shipwrecks
meaning "water child memorial service", is a Japanese Buddhist ceremony for those who have had a miscarriage, stillbirth, or abortion. It is also practiced in Thailand and China. This practice has become particularly visible since the 1970s with the creation of shrines devoted solely to this ritual. Reasons for the performance of these rites can include parental grief, desire to comfort the soul of the fetus, guilt for an abortion, or even fear of retribution from a vengeful ghost.
Mizuko
, literally "water child", is a Japanese term for an aborted, stillborn or miscarried baby, and archaically for a dead baby or infant. Kuyō (供養) refers to a memorial service. Previously read suiji, the Sino-Japanese on'yomi reading of the same characters, the term was originally a kaimyō or dharma name given after death. The mizuko kuyō, typically performed by Buddhist priests, was used to make offerings to Jizō, a bodhisattva who is believed to protect children. In the Edo period, when famine sometimes led the poverty-stricken to infanticide and abortion, the practice was adapted to cover these situations as well.
Today, the practice of mizuko kuyō continues in Japan, although it is unclear whether it is a historically authentic Buddhist practice. Specific elements of the ceremony vary from temple to temple, school to school, and individual to individual. It is common for temples to offer Jizō statues for a fee, which are then dressed in red bibs and caps, and displayed in the temple yard. Though the practice has been performed since the 1970s, there are still doubts surrounding the ritual. Some view the memorial service as the temples' way of benefiting from the misfortune of women who have miscarried or had to abort a pregnancy. American religious scholars have criticized the temples for allegedly abusing the Japanese belief that the spirits of the dead retaliate for their mistreatment, but other scholars believe the temples are only answering the needs of the people.
The ceremony is attended by both parents or by one, not necessarily the mother. The service can vary from a single event to one that repeats monthly or annually. Though the service varies, common aspects resemble the ceremony for the recent dead, the senzo kuyō (先祖供養). The priest faces the altar and evokes the names of various Buddhas and bodhisattvas. Mantras, often the Heart Sutra and the 25th chapter of the Lotus Sutra, known as the "Avalokiteśvara Sutra", are performed, as are calls of praise to Jizō. Gifts are offered to the Buddha on behalf of the mourned, typically food, drink, incense or flowers. A kaimyō is given to the deceased, and a statue of Jizō is often placed on temple grounds upon completion of the ceremony.
Similar practices
A similar practice is found in contemporary Taiwan, where it is known as yingling gongyang. The modern Taiwanese practice emerged in the mid-1970s and grew significantly in popularity in the 1980s; it draws both from traditional antecedents dating back to the Han dynasty, and the Japanese practice, and is popularly perceived as a practice imported from Japan. These modern practices emerged in the context of demographic change associated with modernization – rising population, urbanization, and decreasing family size – together with changing attitudes towards sexuality, which occurred first in Japan, and then in Taiwan, hence the similar response and Taiwan's taking inspiration from Japan.
See also
Buddhist Ethics
Five Precepts
Noble Eightfold Path
Abortion in Japan
References
Further reading
Helen Hardacre, Marketing the menacing fetus in Japan (Vol. 7). (University of California Press, 1997).
Jeff Wilson, Mourning the unborn dead : a Buddhist ritual comes to America, (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 2008),
Religions in the modern world : traditions and transformations. Woodhead, Linda, Partridge, Christopher H. (Christopher Hugh), 1961-, Kawanami, Hiroko, (Third ed.). Abingdon, Oxon. . OCLC 916409066.
External links
– A website "Death" before it is born?
– Funeral of mizuko
Ceremonies in Japan
Abortion in Asia
Buddhism and abortion
Kṣitigarbha
Pregnancy with abortive outcome
Galina Gayda (born 28 February 1936) is a Russian sprinter. They competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
1936 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Russian female sprinters
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
Place of birth missing (living people)
Soviet female sprinters
Olympic female sprinters
The first robot-assisted double heart valve replacement was carried out in the Chennai region of India at Chettinad Health City. This is the first instance of such a procedure using robotic surgery. The surgery was carried out by Dr R Ravi Kumar, the director of the Institute of Cardiovascular Disease and head of the Robotic Surgery Centre at Chettinad.
References
External links
Press conference discussing the surgery
Computer-assisted surgery
Darrick Heath (born October 12, 1964) is an American former handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics. After their playing career, Heath became a coach, and coached the national team.
Biography
Heath was born in 1964 and attended Finger Lakes Community College. They then went to C. W. Post College where they played basketball.
After playing handball for a local club in Long Island, they eventually made their way onto the US National Team. In 1988, 1989 and 1993 they were part of the team that won national titles in handball. For the next two years, Heath moved to Europe, playing professionally in Budapest, Hungary and Graz, Austria. In 1993, Heath was also named the U.S. Team Handball Male Athlete of the Year.
At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Heath was part of the American team that finished in ninth place in the men's tournament. However, Heath would later suffer a spinal injury in a car crash, which ended their playing career.
After playing for the US National Team until 2003, Heath became a handball coach, and coached the national team during the 2011/12 season. They helped the US team reach the 2011 Pan American Games, the first time that the US team had qualified for the games since 2003. They were also a lecturer at Emory University in Atlanta for ten years from 2002 to 2012, and featured in a university paper.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
American male handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games bronze medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Maria Sharapova defeated Simona Halep in the final, 6–4, 6–7(5–7), 6–4 to win the women's singles tennis title at the 2014 French Open. It was their second French Open title and fifth major title overall. In a final that lasted over three hours, it was the first time since 2001 that the final went to three sets. Halep became the first Romanian to reach the final since Virginia Ruzici in 1980.
Serena Williams was the defending champion, but was defeated in the second round by Garbiñe Muguruza.
The top three seeds (Williams, Li Na and Agnieszka Radwańska) were in contention for the world No. 1 ranking. However, they all failed to reach the fourth round and so Williams retained the top spot. As a result, this marked the first time in the Open Era the top three seeds failed to reach the fourth round of a major.
Seeds
Serena Williams (second round)
Li Na (first round)
Agnieszka Radwańska (third round)
Simona Halep (final)
Petra Kvitová (third round)
Jelena Janković (fourth round)
Maria Sharapova (champion)
Angelique Kerber (fourth round)
Dominika Cibulková (third round)
Sara Errani (quarterfinals)
Ana Ivanovic (third round)
Flavia Pennetta (second round)
Caroline Wozniacki (first round)
Carla Suárez Navarro (quarterfinals)
Sloane Stephens (fourth round)
Sabine Lisicki (second round, retired because of a right wrist injury)
Roberta Vinci (first round)
Eugenie Bouchard (semifinals)
Samantha Stosur (fourth round)
Alizé Cornet (second round)
Kirsten Flipkens (second round)
Ekaterina Makarova (third round)
Lucie Šafářová (fourth round)
Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova (second round, retired because of back pain)
Kaia Kanepi (first round)
Sorana Cîrstea (third round)
Svetlana Kuznetsova (quarterfinals)
Andrea Petkovic (semifinals)
Venus Williams (second round)
Klára Koukalová (first round)
Daniela Hantuchová (third round)
Elena Vesnina (second round)
Qualifying
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Bottom half
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Final
Seventh-seeded Sharapova beat 18th-seeded Eugenie Bouchard 4–6, 7–5, 6–2 in the first semi-final, while fourth-seeded Simona Halep beat 28th-seeded Andrea Petkovic, 6–2, 7–6(7–4) in the second. In the first set, Halep won the first two games before Sharapova won five consecutive games. Halep fought back and narrowed the margin to 5–4, before Sharapova broke Halep to win the set 6–4. The second set went to a tiebreaker where Sharapova jumped out to a 5–3 lead. However, Halep won the next four points to take the set 7–6(7–5). While leading 2–1 in the third set, Halep had break point but Sharapova recovered and won the game. They then broke Halep to take a 4–2 lead. Halep held, then broke back to level the set at 4–4, but got broken again in the next game. Serving for the match, Sharapova held at love, taking the set 6–4. It was the first time since 2001 that the final went to 3 sets.
Championship match statistics
References
External links
Main draw
2014 French Open – Women's draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Women's Singles
French Open by year – Women's singles
French Open - Women's Singles
2014 in women's tennis
2014 in French women's sport
Spencer County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Taylorsville. The county was founded in 1824 and named for Spier Spencer.
Spencer County is part of the Louisville/Jefferson County, KY–IN Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Taylorsville Lake, located primarily within Spencer County, serves as a major economic resource for the area. Spencer was a dry county until 2009 when the county's residents voted to overturn the ban on alcohol sales. From 2000 to 2005, Spencer County ranked 19th out of all U.S. counties in percent growth, with a 33% increase.
History
Spencer County was formed in January 1824, by the 32nd Kentucky General Assembly. The land that now makes up Spencer County was taken from Bullitt County, Shelby County, and Nelson County. Spencer County became Kentucky's 77th county. The county was named for Kentucky's Captain Spier Spencer, who fought and died in the Battle of Tippecanoe.
Later that year, in December 1824, Taylorsville was made the county seat. In 1829, the city was incorporated.
During the American Civil War, the courthouse at Taylorsville was burned by Confederate guerrillas in January 1865, but the county's records were saved.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.6%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Shelby County (north)
Anderson County (east)
Nelson County (south)
Bullitt County (west)
Jefferson County (northwest)
Major highways
Kentucky Route 44
Kentucky Route 55
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 11,766 people, 4,251 households, and 3,358 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 4,555 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.50% White, 1.13% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.08% Asian, 0.27% from other races, and 0.79% from two or more races. 1.12% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,251 households, out of which 38.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 67.90% were married couples living together, 7.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 21.00% were non-families. 17.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.74 and the average family size was 3.08.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.00% under the age of 18, 7.70% from 18 to 24, 33.50% from 25 to 44, 22.70% from 45 to 64, and 9.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 35 years. For every 100 females, there were 101.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 99.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,042, and the median income for a family was $52,038. Males had a median income of $36,638 versus $24,196 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,848. About 7.70% of families and 8.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.90% of those under age 18 and 10.50% of those age 65 or over.
Education
The Spencer County Public Schools comprises six schools: Spencer County High School, Spencer County Middle School, Spencer County Elementary School, Taylorsville Elementary School, Hillview Academy, and Spencer County Preschool.
Communities
City
Taylorsville (county seat)
Fisherville
Census-designated place
Elk Creek
Other unincorporated places
Little Mount
Mount Eden
Rivals
Waterford
Yoder
Politics
See also
Louisville/Jefferson County–Elizabethtown–Bardstown, KY-IN Combined Statistical Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Spencer County, Kentucky
References
External links
Spencer County official website
Spencer County Public Schools
Kentucky counties
Louisville metropolitan area
1824 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1824
Kokumin Ikari no Koe (, Angry Voice of the Citizens) is a proposed Japanese political organization to be formed by Keio University professor and Constitutional scholar Setsu Kobayashi.
Kobayashi is a politically conservative constitutional law expert and former member of Nippon Kaigi, a far-right, nationalist, historical revisionist political group that aims at revising the Japanese Constitution to abolish its pacifist Article 9, as well as do away with its provisions for human rights and freedom of speech. Kobayashi has criticized the members of Nippon Kaigi, which include Prime Minister Shinzō Abe and two thirds of Abe's cabinet, as "hav[ing] trouble accepting the reality that Japan lost the war"; they assert the groups wants to return Japan to the militaristic Meiji Constitution (1890–1947), which declares the Emperor of Japan a literal deity and which makes women subservient to men. Kobayashi also draws attention to the fact that many members of Nippon Kaigi are descendants of those responsible for Japan's role in the Pacific War.
Kobayashi, who was inspired by U.S. Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, formed the party to reverse the policies of Prime Minister Shinzō Abe. The party's name is based on the anger of both Kobayashi and the Japanese people at Japanese politics, not only at the heavy-handedness of the ruling coalition (Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) and Komeitō, but also disappointment at the opposition (Democratic Party, Japanese Communist Party and others).
The party policies will include scrapping the security laws passed by the Abe cabinet, halting revision of the Japanese Constitution, restoring freedom of speech, and reducing the dependency of nuclear power.
Kobayashi will also run for a seat in the Upper House election in July 2016.
References
Works cited
External links
Official Website (Japanese)
Political parties in Japan
A tattoo is a marking made by the insertion of indelible ink into the skin.
Tattoo may also refer to:
Print media
Tattoo (comics), fictional mutant character in the Marvel Comics Universe
"Tattoo" (poem), a poem from Wallace Stevens' first book of poetry, Harmonium
"Tattoo" (short story), a 1996 short story by Matthew Condon
Film and TV
In film
Tattoo (1967 film), a 1967 West German film directed by Johannes Schaaf
Tattoo (1981 film), a 1981 American thriller directed by Bob Brooks, starring Bruce Dern
Tattoo (2002 film), a 2002 German film directed by Robert Schwentke
Tattoo, a 2011 short film directed by Bill Paxton
Tattoo (2014 film), a 2014 Italian short film
In television
Tattoo (character), portrayed by Hervé Villechaize on the TV series Fantasy Island
Tattoo (Prison Break), the elaborate tattoo detailing the escape plan, which belongs to the protagonist of television series, Prison Break
"Tattoo" (Star Trek: Voyager), the 24th episode of Star Trek: Voyager
The tattoo (Haven), a recurring symbol in the TV series Haven
Music
Albums
Tattoo (David Allan Coe album), 1977
Tattoo (Rory Gallagher album), 1973
Tattoos (album), by Jason Derulo, 2013
Songs
"Tattoo" (The Who song), 1967
"Tattoo" (Big Mother Thruster song), 2001
"Tattoo" (Jordin Sparks song), 2007
"Tattoo" (Mike Oldfield instrumental), 1992
"Tattoo" (Van Halen song), 2012
"Tattoo" (Hunter Hayes song), 2014
"Tattoo" (Siouxsie and the Banshees song), 1983
"Tattoo", a 1988 song by Akina Nakamori
"Tattoo", a 1989 song by Faster Pussycat from the album Wake Me When It's Over
"Tattoo", a 1995 song by Gang of Four from the album Shrinkwrapped
"Tattoo", a 1993 song by Janis Ian from the album Breaking Silence
"Tattoo", a 2011 song by Taio Cruz from their album TY.O
"Tattoos", a 2015 song by Caravan Palace from the album <|°_°|>
"Tattoo", a 2019 song by Rammstein from their untitled album
In military
Tattoo (bugle call)
Military tattoo, military drum performance or display
Heartland International Tattoo, an indoor arena performance in Hoffman Estates, Illinois
Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo, a series of military tattoos held every August in Edinburgh, Scotland
Royal International Air Tattoo, a British airshow
Royal Nova Scotia International Tattoo, a large indoor show in Halifax Regional Municipality, Nova Scotia
Virginia International Tattoo, an annual exhibition held in Norfolk, Virginia
HMS Tattoo (J374), minesweeper
HMAS Tattoo, S-class destroyer
In technology
HTC Tattoo, a phone manufactured by HTC Corporation
Tattoo, locomotive design of Kerr, Stuart and Company
Globe Tattoo, a mobile broadband brand by Globe Telecom as a competitor to Smart Bro
In other uses
Tattoo, rum product by Captain Morgan
Tattoo, an archaic name for the Indian Country-bred pony
John Adams (March 26, 1705 – January 22, 1740) was an American poet.
Biography
Adams was the only son of merchant Hon. John Adams and Hannah Checkley of Nova Scotia, and they graduated from Harvard University in 1721. They joined the ministry of the Congregational Church at Newport, Rhode Island, on April 11, 1728, in opposition to the wishes of Mr. Clap, who was pastored there. Clap's friends formed a new society, and Adams was dismissed in about two years.
They were distinguished for their intellect and piety. As a preacher they were much esteemed. Their uncle, Matthew Adams, described them as "master of nine languages," and claimed that they were conversant with the most famous Greek, Latin, Italian, French, and Spanish authors, as well as with the noblest English writers. They also speak of their nephew's "great and undissembled piety, which ran, like a vein of gold, through all their life and performances."
Adams published a sermon on their ordination, 1728, and a poem on the love of money. They published two volumes of poetry: A Collection of Poems by Several Hands (1744), and Poems on Several Occasions (1745), which contains imitations and paraphrases of several portions of scripture, translations from Horace, and the whole book of Revelation in heroic verse, together with original pieces. The versification is remarkably harmonious for the period and the country. The following is an extract from their poem on Cotton Mather:
They died at Cambridge, Massachusetts on January 22, 1740, at the age of 36, deeply lamented by their acquaintance.
References
1704 births
1740 deaths
18th-century American people
18th-century American poets
18th-century American male writers
American male poets
American Congregationalists
Congregationalist writers
Harvard University alumni
Writers from Boston
Writers from Cambridge, Massachusetts
Writers from Newport, Rhode Island
Valdez High School is a high school located in Valdez, Alaska. It is part of the Valdez City Schools District. The school serves students in grades 9 to 12.
Athletics offered include basketball, football, volleyball, wrestling, baseball, cross-country running, swimming, diving, track and field, cheerleading, and cross-country skiing.
Alumni
Bill Walker- governor of Alaska.
References
External links
Valdez City School District
Public Schools Review
Buildings and structures in Chugach Census Area, Alaska
Public high schools in Alaska
Schools in Unorganized Borough, Alaska
The 2020 8 Hours of Bahrain was an endurance sportscar racing event that was held on 14 November 2020, as the eighth and final round of the 2019–20 FIA World Endurance Championship. It was also the eighth running of the 8 Hours of Bahrain, and the second running in an extended 8 hours format. The race was won by the #7 Toyota TS050 Hybrid.
Background
On 3 April 2020, a new revised calendar for the 2019–20 season was released, with another 8 Hours of Bahrain event, on 21 November 2020, replacing the cancelled 1000 Miles of Sebring. The final round at Bahrain in November was moved up a week as a result of Formula One scheduling a double header event at that venue for the end of the month.
Results
Race
The minimum number of laps for classification (70% of the overall winning car's race distance) was 184 laps. Class winners are denoted in bold and with .
References
8 Hours of Bahrain
Bahrain
8 Hours
8 Hours
The dark-eared myza (Myza celebensis), also known as the lesser streaked honeyeater, is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae. It is endemic to the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia. There are two subspecies, Myza celebensis celebensis which is found in mountainous parts of northern, central and southeastern Sulawesi, and Myza celebensis meridionalis from mountains in southern Sulawesi.
Description
The sexes are similar in appearance in the dark-eared myza but males are heavier than females and have longer heads, bills, wings and tail. The adult male is about in length and weighs about . The head and neck are grey or olivaceous streaked with dark brown. The bill is dark-coloured, long and curved downwards, and there is a bare yellowish patch of skin surrounding the dark eye. The back, wings and tail are brown with streaks of darker brown and the underparts are also brown, but less streaked than the upper parts. Southern populations (subspecies meridionalis), have a greyer base colour.
Ecology
The dark-eared myza is found in forests at elevations from up to in the north of the island and up to in the south. It feeds from flowers and is described as darting rapidly from one inflorescence to another in its quest for nectar.
Status
The dark-eared myza is common in the mountainous regions in Sulawesi which it inhabits and is estimated to have a total range of . This means that it is considered by the IUCN to be of "least concern" as its range and population size exceed the threshold criteria for being listed in a more vulnerable category. One of the places where this bird can be seen is the Gunung Ambang Nature Reserve on Sulawesi.
References
Birds described in 1895
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
Myza
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Brazil competed in the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, as host country, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Support
In September 2015, a representative from the country attended the Rio 2016 Paralympic Games Chef de Mission seminar as part of the country's preparation efforts for the 2016 Games.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medalists
Archery
Brazil automatically gets four berths at the 2016 Paralympics as the host nation, but had the ability to qualify additional athletes. At the 2015 World Archery Para Championships, several archers did just that. Francisco Cordeiro did this in the recurve men's open third round, while Jane Karla Gogel did it in the compound women's open by reaching the quarterfinal and Fabíola Lorenzi Dergovics added an extra spot as a result of their performance in the recurve women's open Paralympic secondary tournament. At the Parapan Games Brasil secured more spots with Thais Carvalho in the recurve women's open with a silver medal and Luciano Rezende with a gold medal and Diogo de Souza with the fourth place in the recurve men's open. All members of Brazilian archery team are participating at their first Paralympic Games as Brasil never before qualified an archer for the Paralympic Games, only Jane Karla Gogel had participated in 2008 Beijing and the 2012 London Games in table tennis.
Men
Women
Mixed
Athletics
Petrúcio Ferreira is expected to be part of the Brazilian athletics delegation. When they were 18 years old, they broke the world record in the 200m T46/47 world record.
Terezinha Guilhermina will defend their three paralympic championships.
Key
Men's track
Men's field
Women's track
Women's field
Boccia
Brazil qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in this sport at the Montreal hosted 2015 BisFed Americas Pair and Team championship in the Pairs BC3 event. They claimed gold ahead of silver medalist Canada and bronze medalists Colombia.
Dirceu Pinto goes to the Rio Games as the reigning 2008 and 2012 individual BC4 and pairs BC4 gold medalist.
Individual
Pairs and teams
Cycling
Road
Track
Equestrian
Individual
Team
# Discarded score.
Football 5-a-side
Brazil qualified for the Paralympics by virtue of being hosts. They also qualified in their own right by winning the IBSA Blind Football World Championships 2014 in Tokyo, Japan. They would also have qualified by virtue of winning the 2015 Parapan American Games in Toronto, Canada, the regional qualifier for the Americas.
Group stage
Semifinal
Gold medal match
Football 7-a-side
Brazil automatically qualified as the host country. Jan Francisco Brito da Costa is the best player for Brazil, and dominated at the 2015 World Championships. Their team finished third at the 2015 CP Football World Championships.
The draw for the tournament was held on May 6 at the 2016 Pre Paralympic Tournament in Salou, Spain. Brazil was put into Group A with Ukraine, Great Britain and Ireland. The tournament where the draw took place featured 7 of the 8 teams participating in Rio. It was the last major preparation event ahead of the Rio Games for all teams participating. Brazil finished second, after losing 0 - 2 to Ukraine in the 1st place match.
Going into the Rio Games, the country was ranked third in the world.
Group stage
Semifinal
Bronze medal match
Goalball
Men
Romário Diego Marques is one of the members of the Brazil men's national goalball team.  They are expected to be on the roster for Rio, after having been part of the silver medal-winning team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and the gold medal-winning team at the 2014 IBSA Goalball World Championships. The team automatically qualified as hosts, but they would have qualified in their own right as winners of the 2014 IBSA Goalball World Championships. Brazil's men enter the tournament ranked 5th in the world.
Group stage
Quarterfinal
Semifinal
Bronze medal match
Women
The Brazil women's national goalball team qualified for the Rio Games as hosts of the competition. They would have qualified in their own right after finishing second at the 2015 Parapan American Games. Brazil's women enter the tournament ranked 2nd in the world.
Group stage
Quarterfinal
Semifinal
Bronze medal match
Judo
Men
Women
Paracanoeing
Qualification Legend: FA = Qualify to medal final; SF = Qualify to semifinal
Paratriathlon
Fernando Aranha, cross-country skier who competed in the 2014 Winter Paralympics, returns to make their debut in the Summer Paralympics competing in the Paratriathlon. They became the first Brazilian paralympic athlete to compete in both the Winter and Summer Paralympics.
Powerlifting
Rowing
One pathway for qualifying for Rio involved having a boat have top eight finish at the 2015 FISA World Rowing Championships in a medal event. Brazil qualified for the 2016 Games under these criteria in the AS Men's Single Sculls event with a seventh-place finish in a time of 04:57.010.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); R=Repechage
Sailing
Legend: DNC=Did not come; DNF=Did not finish; DNS=Did not start; STP=Standard Penalty
Shooting
The last direct qualifying event for Rio in shooting took place at the 2015 IPC Shooting World Cup in Fort Benning in November. Alexandre Galgani earned a qualifying spot for their country at this competition in the R4 Mixed 10m Air Rifle Standing SH2 event.
Qualification Legend: QG = Qualified for Gold Medal Match; QB = Qualified for Bronze Medal Match
Sitting volleyball
Men
Brazil men's national sitting volleyball team qualified for the 2016 Games as the host nation.
Group stage
Semifinal
Bronze medal match
Women
Brazil women's national sitting volleyball team qualified for the 2016 Games as the host nation.
Group stage
Semifinal
Bronze medal match
Swimming
Daniel Dias is a favorite Brazilian swimmer going into the Rio Paralympics. Brazilian swimmers competed at the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships as part of their Rio readiness efforts.
Key
Men
Women
Mixed
Table tennis
Men
Women
Wheelchair basketball
Men
The Brazil men's national wheelchair basketball team has qualified for the 2016 Rio Paralympics by virtue of being the host nation. Brazil had the choice of which group they wanted to be in. They were partnered with Spain, who would be in the group Brazil did not select. Brazil chose Group B, which included Iran, the United States, Great Britain, Germany and Algeria.
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |G||style="text-align:center"|4||Gomes dos Santos, Dwan|| 23 – January 24, 1993 ||style="text-align:center"|1.0 || ADFEGO || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |F||style="text-align:center"|5||Vieira, Pedro Henrique|| 22 – November 27, 1993 ||style="text-align:center"|4.0 || Magic Hands || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |F||style="text-align:center"|6||da Silva,Erick|| 37 – October 5, 1978 ||style="text-align:center"|3.5 || CAD || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |F||style="text-align:center"|7||Suursoo, Celestino Luciano|| 38 – March 10, 1978 ||style="text-align:center"|4.5 || CAD || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |C||style="text-align:center"|8||dos Santos, Paulo César|| 43 – November 18, 1972 ||style="text-align:center"|2.0 || CAD || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |F||style="text-align:center"|9||do Bonfim, Edjúnior José|| 34 – August 30, 1982 ||style="text-align:center"|4.5 || América Tigres || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |C||style="text-align:center"|10||Dauinheimer, Paulo Roberto|| 32 – February 22, 1984 ||style="text-align:center"|1.5 || AFADEFI || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |G||style="text-align:center"|11||Arão de Carvalho, Rodrigo|| 38 – July 7, 1978 ||style="text-align:center"|1.0 || Magic Hands || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |G||style="text-align:center"|12||Alves Viana, Amauri|| 26 – April 13, 1990 ||style="text-align:center"|1.5 || Magic Hands || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |F||style="text-align:center"|13||de Miranda, Leandro|| 34 – August 27, 1982 ||style="text-align:center"|4.5 || GADECAMP || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |C||style="text-align:center"|14||Sanchez, Marcos Cândido|| 34 – July 20, 1982 ||style="text-align:center"|3.0 || GADECAMP || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |F||style="text-align:center"|14||da Silva Júnior, Gelson|| 36 – March 6, 1980 ||style="text-align:center"|3.0 || Magic Hands || style="text-align:right;" |
Group stage
Qualified for quarter-finals
Eliminated
Quarterfinal
Fifth place match
Women
The Brazil women's national wheelchair basketball team has qualified for the 2016 Rio Paralympics. As hosts, Brazil got to choose which group they were put into. They were partnered with Algeria, who would be put in the group they did not chose. Brazil chose Group A, which included Canada, Germany, Great Britain and Argentina. Algeria ended up in Group B with the United States, the Netherlands, France and China.
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |C||style="text-align:center"|4||Silva, Ivanilde|| 26 – April 24, 1990 ||style="text-align:center"|3.5 || IREFES || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |G||style="text-align:center"|5||Farias, Andreia|| 30 – April 23, 1986 ||style="text-align:center"|1.0 || ADM || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |C||style="text-align:center"|6||Assunção, Perla|| 30 – January 28, 1986 ||style="text-align:center"|2.0 || Allstar Rodas || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |G||style="text-align:center"|7||Costa, Lucicléia|| 36 – August 16, 1980 ||style="text-align:center"|2.5 || Allstar Rodas || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |G||style="text-align:center"|8||Ramos, Rosália|| 46 – January 22, 1970 ||style="text-align:center"|1.5 || Riopretense || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |C||style="text-align:center"|9||Rosa, Ana Aurélia|| 27 – September 10, 1988 ||style="text-align:center"|3.5 || Riopretense || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |C||style="text-align:center"|10||Santana, Jéssica|| 23 – December 7, 1992 ||style="text-align:center"|2.5 || IREFES || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |F||style="text-align:center"|11||Vieira, Geisa|| 24 – August 27, 1992 ||style="text-align:center"|4.0 || GAADIN || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |F||style="text-align:center"|12||Martins, Lia|| 29 – June 9, 1987 ||style="text-align:center"|4.5 || GAADIN || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |G||style="text-align:center"|13||Maia, Geisiane|| 34 – February 15, 1982 ||style="text-align:center"|3.0 || IREFES || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |F||style="text-align:center"|14||Klokler, Paola|| 25 – January 26, 1991 ||style="text-align:center"|4.0 || ADDECE || style="text-align:right;" |
|-
|style="text-align:center;" |F||style="text-align:center"|14||Almeida, Vileide|| 24 – November 2, 1991 ||style="text-align:center"|4.5 || Allstar Rodas || style="text-align:right;" |
Group stage
Qualified for quarter-finals
Eliminated
Quarterfinal
Seventh place match
Wheelchair fencing
Men
Women
Wheelchair rugby
The Brazil national wheelchair rugby team has qualified for the 2016 Rio Paralympics by virtue of being the host nation. Brazil was scheduled to open play in Rio against Canada on September 14. Their second game was scheduled to be against Australia on September 15. Their final game of group play as against the Great Britain on September 16. Brazil entered the tournament ranked number nineteen in the world.
Group stage
Seventh place match
Wheelchair tennis
Singles
Doubles
See also
Brazil at the 2015 Pan American Games
Brazil at the 2015 Parapan American Games
Brazil at the 2016 Winter Youth Olympics
Brazil at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Brazilian sport
Beryl Rawson (née Wilkinson; 24 July 1933 – 22 October 2010) was an Australian academic. They were Professor and Visiting Fellow in Classics at the Faculty of Arts of the Australian National University (ANU). Them work "made ANU a significant centre for classical studies".
Early life and education
Rawson was born in Innisfail, Queensland, and grew up in a small town nearby where their father was the schoolteacher. They won a full state government scholarship to the University of Queensland, where they excelled in classics and graduated with first-class honours. They accepted a Fulbright Scholarship to the United States and completed a doctorate at Bryn Mawr College, under Lily Ross Taylor.
Academia
Them career at the Australian National University began in 1964, when they were appointed senior lecturer in Classics. They served as Dean of the Faculty of the Arts from 1981 to 1986 and in 1989 was appointed Professor of Classics, retiring in 1998.
As well as their academic duties, Rawson won five research grants between 1979 and 1991 and served on the Australian Vice-Chancellors' Committee and the Australian Research Council. They were elected a Fellow of the Australian Academy of the Humanities in 2006. The administrative offices of the College of Arts and Social Sciences at ANU was named after them following their death.
On 13 December 2010, Vice-Chancellor of ANU, Professor Ian Chubb officially recognised the naming of the Beryl Rawson Building in their honour.
Publications
In the late 1970s they began using computers to analyse "the mass of funerary inscriptions commemorating slaves and freedmen, their spouses and children" and to better understand the lives of the lower classes in the early Roman Empire. They organised a number of conferences in Canberra on the Roman family (1981, 1988, 1994) and published collected papers resulting from these which included their own contributions, such as Children and childhood in Roman Italy (2003) and A companion to families in the Greek and Roman worlds (2010).
Personal life
Rawson's first marriage was to political scientist Don Rawson, the son of politician Roy Rawson. They later divorced and they remarried in 1983 to historian A. W. Martin. They were widowed in 2002.
References
1933 births
2010 deaths
Australian classical scholars
Women classical scholars
People from Innisfail, Queensland
University of Queensland alumni
Scholars of Roman history
Australian women historians
Australian National University faculty
20th-century Australian historians
21st-century Australian historians
Fellows of the Australian Academy of the Humanities
21st-century Australian women writers
20th-century Australian women writers
Bryn Mawr College alumni
Alf Erling Porsild (1901–1977) was a Danish-Canadian botanist.
Biography
They were born in Copenhagen as a son of the botanist M.P. Porsild. They grew up on the Arctic Station in Qeqertarsuaq, West Greenland, where they acted as assistant to their father. Between 1936 and 1945, they were curator at the National Museum of Canada, Ottawa, and from 1945 to 1967 they were head of the department of botany there. They authored over 100 scientific articles on the flora of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago and of the Rocky Mountains, as well as numerous popular papers and books, including important flora of Canada's Arctic and northern regions.
They made over 25,000 plant collections (numbers), resulting in over 100,000 specimens which are deposited in the National Herbarium of Canada (CAN) at the Canadian Museum of Nature, Ottawa, and in other herbaria around the world.
Porsild was hired to take part in the Canadian Reindeer Project to bring reindeer-herding to the indigenous populations of northern Canada in the hopes of building a sustainable industry.
They borrowed the term pingo from the Inuit and made it a scientific and vernacular term (first used in 1938). Porsild Pingo in Tuktoyaktuk is named in their honor, as well as Mount Porsild in the Yukon Territory. Porsild's starwort (Stellaria porsildii), a plant native to mountains in Arizona and New Mexico, is also named in their honor.
The Canadian Botanical Association awards annually the 'Alf Erling Porsild Award', in recognition of the best paper published in the field of systematics and phytogeography that year by a graduate student in a Canadian university or a Canadian student in a foreign university.
Porsild was awarded the Massey Medal by the Royal Canadian Geographical Society in 1966.
They were portrayed by Colm Feore in Peter Lynch's 1998 documentary film The Herd.
Selected works
Porsild, A.E. (1920) Sur le poids et les dimensions des graines arctiques. Revue Générale de Botanique 32: 97–120.
Porsild, A.E. (1926) Contributions to the Flora of West-Greenland at 70°-71°45´ N. lat. Meddelelser om Grønland vol. 58 (2)
Porsild, Erling (1936) The Reindeer Industry and the Canadian Eskimo. The Geographical Journal, 88.1: 1–17.
Porsild, A.E. (1938) Earth mounds in unglaciated arctic northwestern America. The Geographical Review 28: 46–58.
Porsild, A.E. (1941) A relic flora on sand dunes from the Champlain Sea in the Ottawa Valley. The Canadian Field-Naturalist 55: 66–72. Full text
Porsild, A.E. (1943) Materials for a flora of the continental Northwest Territories of Canada. Sargentia 4: 1–79.
Porsild, A.E. (1945) Mammals of the Mackenzie Delta. Canadian Field-Naturalist 59: 4–22.
Porsild, A.E. (1950) Vascular plants of Nueltin Lake, Northwest Territories. National Museum of Canada Bulletin 118: 72–83.
Porsild, A.E. (1951) Botany of Southeastern Yukon adjacent to the Canol Road. Bulletin / National Museum of Canada vol. 121 (also Biological series / National Museum of Canada vol. 41), 400 pp.
Porsild, A.E. (1951) Plant life in the Arctic. Canadian Geographical Journal 42: 120–145.
Porsild, A.E. (1951) A biological exploration of Banks and Victoria Islands. National Museum of Canada Bulletin 123: 133–138 (reprinted from Arctic Circular, 1950).
Porsild, A.E. (1953) Edible plants of the Arctic. Illustrated by Dagny Tande Lid. The Arctic 6: 15–34. Full text
Porsild, A.E. (1955) The vascular plants of the Western Canadian Arctic archipelago. Bulletin / National Museum of Canada vol. 135 (also Biological series / National Museum of Canada vol. 45), 226 pp.
Porsild, A.E. (1957) Illustrated Flora of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. Illustrated by Dagny Tande Lid. Bulletin / National Museum of Canada vol. 146. 209 pp.
Porsild, A.E. 1958. Geographical distribution of some elements in the flora of Canada. Geographical Bulletin 11: 57–77.
Porsild, A.E. 1963. Stellaria longipes Goldie and its allies in North America. National Museum of Canada Bulletin 186: 1–35.
Porsild, A.E. 1964. Illustrated flora of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago (2nd edition, revised). National Museum of Canada Bulletin 146: 1–218.
Porsild, A. E. 1965. Some new or critical vascular plants of Alaska and Yukon. Canadian Field-Naturalist 79: 79–90.
Porsild, A. E. 1966. Contributions to the flora of southwestern Yukon Territory. National Museum of Canada Bulletin 216: 1–86.
Porsild, A.E., C.R. Harington & G.A. Mulligan (1967) Lupinus arcticus Wats. grown from seeds of Pleistocene age. Science 158 (3797): 113–114.
Porsild, A.E. and W.J. Cody. (1968) Checklist of the vascular plants of continental Northwest Territories, Canada. Canada Department of Agriculture, Ottawa. 102 pp.
Cody, W.J. and A.E. Porsild. (1968) Additions to the flora of continental Northwest Territories, Canada. Canadian Field-Naturalist 82: 263–275.
Porsild, A. E. 1974. Materials for a flora of central Yukon Territory. National Museums of Canada, National Museum of Natural Sciences, Publications in Botany, No. 4. 77 pp.
Porsild, A.E. (1974) Rocky Mountain wild flowers. Illustrated by Dagny Tande Lid. Ottawa, National Museum of Natural Sciences, 454 pp.
Porsild A.E. & Cody, William J. (1980) Vascular plants of continental Northwest Territories, Canada. Ottawa, National Museum of Natural Sciences, 667 pp.
References
Soper, J.H. and W.J. Cody. 1978. Alf Erling Porsild, M.B.E., F.R.S.C. (1901-1977). Canadian Field-Naturalist 92: 298–304.
External links
[This is an open access book]
Botanists active in the Arctic
20th-century Danish botanists
20th-century Canadian botanists
Danish expatriates in Canada
Porsild, Erling
Greenlandic emigrants to Canada
1977 deaths
1901 births
Massey Medal recipients
Scientists from Copenhagen
People from Qeqertarsuaq
John Robinson (4 May 1935 – 6 April 2007) was a British sculptor and co-founder of the Bradshaw Foundation. Accounts of their work may be seen at the Robinson estate website, the website of the Centre for the Popularisation of Mathematics and the June and July 2007, issues of Hyperseeing. Among other distinctions, they were the Official Sculptor for the British Olympic Committee in 1988, and a University of Wales Honorary Fellow, 1992.
Sculpture
Figurative sculptures
Robinson first made a name for themselves with representational pieces. Their figurative bronzes ranged in scope and scale from life-size commissioned sculptures of children to athletic sculptures, and included a commissioned bust of Queen Elizabeth and another of the Queen Mother. Their representational sports figure Acrobats (1980, 5 metres) was first mounted at the Hyatt Regency hotel in Maui, Hawaii. There are another 7 examples around the world, one of which is located outside the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra, Australia.
Another of their athletic sculptures, Hammer Thrower, may be seen outside the Bowring Building in Tower Hill, London, at the United States Sports Academy, Daphne, Alabama, and in Melbourne, Australia. Robinson was a Official Sculptor for the British Olympic Committee in 1988. Their Gymnast is at the Olympic Museum in Lausanne, donated by the Australian Olympic Committee.
Abstract symbolic sculptures and tapestries
In 1975, after listening to a Mozart violin concerto, an abstract form came into their mind, which they then translated into a sculpture. This Adagio was the first of their non-figurative sculptures. Robinson then embarked on a series of abstract sculptures with the aim of symbolizing human values and our concepts of the dynamic processes which shape our lives. In this 'Universe Series' of symbolic sculptures and tapestries, which comprises over 100 works, they combined scientific and mathematical principles with artistic aesthetic. One example is Joy of Living (1993), a curving band of stainless steel. The symbolic Elation (1983) conveys the punching of the fist in triumph.
A number of Robinson's sculptures show scientific concepts, such as matter/antimatter in
Janus, evolution in Evolution the explosions of stars in StarBurst. They produced sculptures related to fiber bundles and to Borromean rings. They have also made a set of tapestries, woven in Aubusson, France.
One of Robinson's best-known symbolic sculptures is Bonds of Friendship (1979), which they dedicated as symbolizing the notion that "trust is the basis of peace". A 1.5m x 1m edition of Bonds, in polished bronze, was unveiled in 1979 in Sydney Cove by the Governor General of Australia, to commemorate the landing in 1774 of the First Fleet. An analogous sculpture, but patinated to represent the Old Country, was unveiled in Portsmouth by Queen Elizabeth. Robinson said that 'Bonds' "symbolises the friendship that exists between the two countries, as well as between my patrons and myself, which has enriched my life beyond measure and made the Symbolic Sculptures possible".
Selections of Robinson's work have been exhibited at the universities of Leeds, Bangor, Swansea, Liverpool, Wadham College Oxford, Churchill College Cambridge, London, Barcelona, Zaragoza, and at several sites in the U.S. Their symbolic sculptures have been donated to a number of Universities, including Bangor (4), Cambridge (5), Durham (3), Oxford (2), Macquarie (1). Many of their sculptures can be viewed on web sites, including the Robinson estate website. A discussion of Robinson's work within the context of mathematical principles can be seen at the website of the Centre for the Popularisation of Mathematics hosted by the University of Wales, Bangor.
Biography
Robinson was born in London on 4 May 1935. Their father was Australian and mother English. They were evacuated to Australia from 1940 to 1943, where attended Melbourne Grammar School. On returning to England, they attended Rugby School, where they received prizes for geometry and sculpture. They left school at the age of 16 and joined the Merchant Navy, but left the Navy upon arrival in Australia. There they engaged in a wide range of activities that enabled them to explore that continent. Their adventures ranged from jackerooing and cattle droving to serving on a mounted patrol: they joined the last Mounted Police Patrol and trekked on horseback through 1100 kilometres of the Wunaamin Miliwundi Ranges of the Kimberley region of Western Australia. In the 1950s, they married, bought a virgin scrub block in the Ninety Mile Desert of South Australia and for ten years, they and Margie developed a sheep farm. Their three sons were born on that farm.
In the late 1960s, they bought some modelling clay and started modelling friends and children, working in their shearing shed at weekends. Their sculpting became so consuming that, in 1969 at the age of 35, having developed the farm totally and alone, they sold it for enough money to support themselves and their family for two years to try their hand as a sculptor. Robinson returned to England with their wife and 3 sons to begin their sculpting career in earnest. Robinson first worked from a barn studio in Devon in the early 1970s, and later moved their family and studio to Somerset.
In 1983-1985 Robinson opened the Freeland Gallery in Albemarle Street, London, showing both figurative and representative sculptures. This led to contact with several art collectors and with the topologist Ronnie Brown. They and John collaborated in designing an exhibition of 13 full size sculptures at the Pop Maths Roadshow at Leeds University in 1989. The Catalogue they prepared for this exhibition, Symbolic Sculptures and Tapestries, was widely distributed and led to further exhibitions.
In 1992 John was made an Honorary Fellow of the University of Wales, in recognition of the value of their sculpture and their collaboration with the Department of Mathematics. In 1996 they worked with Ronnie Brown and Cara Quinton on a web account of their sculptures, and this convinced them of the value of the internet. In typical fashion, they developed their own ideas, skills and a team of experts. Later they worked with Nick Mee of Virtual Image to create animations of some of their sculptures, and these were used in a CDRom produced by John, another developed by Ronnie Brown in WMY2000 under an EC grant, and in the two web sites referred to earlier.
For an indication of John's style of symbolism and craftmanship, see Mortality 'From nothing to nothing, cut from an egg, representing the cycle of life', and also Immortality, Passing on the torch of life.
Rock Art Research and the Bradshaw Foundation
After a lifetime of interest in art, archaeology and anthropology, Robinson co-founded the Bradshaw Foundation. This foundation was formed in 1992 following an expedition to the Kimberley region of north-western Australia to examine a distributed set of rock art called the Bradshaws. Robinson's travels to study rock art took them from the Sahara Desert to Easter Island. They were one of the few members of the Chauvet Cave scientific exploration team, led by Jean Clottes. In 1998, Robinson visited the Chauvet cave with Dr. Clottes, Dr. David Lewis-Williams, and several other team members, to visit the images estimated to be older than 35,000 years, the oldest art yet discovered. Robinson also travelled from Petra in Jordan to Kata Tjuṯa in Central Australia, visited art academies throughout China, and explored the temples of Egypt, Mexico, Malta, Samarkand and Bokara in Uzbekistan.
The Bradshaw Foundation's first publication 'Bradshaws - Rock Paintings of North-Western Australia' was edited by Robinson in 1993. They foresaw the importance of the emerging World Wide Web, and in 1997 the Bradshaw Foundation website was established to highlight rock art research from around the world. In 2004 the website further expanded as Robinson introduced the genetic research of Professor Stephen Oppenheimer of Oxford University, in order to give rock art an anthropological context. This resulted in the 'Journey of Mankind - Genetic Map'. It was at this point the Bradshaw Foundation received a web award from Scientific American for work in the field of Anthropology & Paleontology.
In March 2007 Robinson was diagnosed with advanced lung cancer. They died on 6 April the same year at their home in Somerset, England after a short illness, fully in control, and, as they said, with no regrets. Two of their sculptures illustrate their attitude: Mortality (1982), From nothing to nothing, cut from an egg, where the egg is the symbol of the cycle of life; and Immortality (1982), Passing on the torch of life.
References
Notes
Robinson, John, "Symbolism", Catalogue for the Sculptures and Tapestries Exhibited at the International Congress of Mathematical Instruction and the Pop Maths Roadshow, University of Leeds, 16–23 September 1989. "Mathematics and Knots", Bangor (1989) .
Walsh, G.L., "Bradshaw Art of the Kimberley', Takarakka Nowan Kas Publications, 2000.
Robinson, John (2005). "From the Beginning Onward, Autobiography of John Robinson". Edition Limitée, Geneva, Switzerland. Volume I: , Volume II: , Volume III: .
Brown, R., "Symbolism in the sculptures of John Robinson", Theoria et Historia Scientiarum, the International Journal of Interdisciplinary Studies, special edition on "Knowledge: representation and interpretation", edited W. Meyer and R. Paton, 6 (2002) 55–73.
Brown, R., "John Robinson's symbolic sculptures: knots and mathematics", in The visual mind II, edited by Michele Emmer, MIT Press, Cambridge, Mass, (2005) 125–139.
Brown, R., "John Robinson, Sculptor", Hyperseeing, June 2007, 3–7.
Curtis, C., "A tribute to John Robinson (5 May 1935 – 6 April 2007)", Hyperseeing, July 2007, 7–9.
External links
Robinson estate website
Bradshaw Foundation
Website developed at Bangor University
1935 births
2007 deaths
Mathematical artists
20th-century British sculptors
British male sculptors
20th-century British male artists
Malawi competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. The country's participation marked its sixth appearance at the Summer Olympics since its debut at the 1972 Games. The delegation included two track and field athletes: Francis Munthali in the men's 1500 metres and Catherine Chikwakwa in the women's 5000 metres. Both athletes participated at the Games through wild card places since they did not meet the required standards to qualify. Neither of the athletes progressed past their heats.
Background
Malawi participated in six Summer Olympic games between its début at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany and the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. The only occasions in that period which they did not attend was at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal and the 1980 Summer Olympics in the Soviet Union, the former because of a boycott relating to the New Zealand national rugby union team touring South Africa, and the latter because the country joined the United States-led boycott over the 1979 invasion of Afghanistan during the Soviet–Afghan War. The highest number of athletes sent by Malawi to a summer games is 16 to the 1972 Games and the 1988 Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
The Malawian team at the 2000 Games consisted of two athletes, one male and one female. Prior to the games, Malawian long-distance runner Francis Munthali participated in the Sydney 2000 Olympic Scholarship programme. A total of 472 participants in the programme went on to compete in the Games. This was the second time that Munthali had competed at the Olympics, having previously competed in the 800 metres at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. Catherine Chikwakwa was 15 years old when they were selected for Malawi at the 2000 Olympics.
Neither athlete recorded times fast enough to automatically qualify; the only previous time any Malawian athlete had done so was at the 1972 Games.
Athletics
The country's sole female athlete at the 2000 Games was Catherine Chikwakwa, who competed in the 5000 metres. They competed on 22 September in the third heat of the first round, and completed the run in 16 minutes and 39.82 seconds, finishing in 15th place out of the 17 athletes. They were faster than Swaziland's Priscilla Mamba (17 minutes and 30.04 seconds) and Baatarkhüügiin Battsetseg of Mongolia (18 minutes and 22.98 seconds). The top four athletes in each heat automatically qualified for the final, while the next two finished fast enough to receive spots based on their times. Chikwakwa's therefore failed to qualify past the first round.
Malawi was represented by one male athlete at the 2000 Games in athletics – Francis Munthali in the 1500 metres. They competed in the first heat of the first round on 25 September. Munthali finished in last place of the 13 athletes with a time of three minutes and 46.34 seconds, directly behind Croatia's Branko Zorko (three minutes and 46.16 seconds). Only the top six athletes in the heat qualified for the semi-finals, as well as seventh placed Julius Achon of Uganda who qualified as one of the fastest runners-up from all the heats. As such, Munthali's Olympic competition ended after that single run.
Track and road events
References
Nations at the 2000 Summer Olympics
2000
Oly
Robert Lawlor (born 1938) is a mythographer, symbologist and New Age author of several books.
After training as a painter and a sculptor, they became a yoga student of Sri Aurobindo and lived for many years in Puducherry, where they were a founding member of Auroville. In India, they discovered the works of the French Egyptologist and esotericist, R. A. Schwaller de Lubicz, which led them to explore the principles and practices of ancient sacred science.
Between 1965-8, Robert met their wife, Deborah Lawlor. In 1972, they left Auroville for a year so Robert could study sacred geometry and read Sri Aurobindo. They came back to Auroville in 1973 until 1975.
In 1979, Lawlor (then living in Tasmania) participated in the Lindisfarne Fellows Conference, held at Zen Center's Green Gulch Farm, with Keith Critchlow from London. In 1980, Lawlor met together with William Irwin Thompson and Rachel Fletcher to teach in the Lindisfarne Institute's Summer Program in Sacred Architecture, which provided the context for the design and building of the Lindisfarne Chapel. Critchlow's Twelve Criteria for Sacred Architecture derives from a lecture given at this time. In 1981, a gathering of about 50 members of the Lindisfarne Association met in Crestone, Colorado under the name, Homage to Pythagoras, which included Lawlor, Thompson, Fletcher, Critchlow, Christopher Bamford, Arthur Zajonc, Anne Macaulay, Kathleen Raine, Robert Bly, Joscelyn Godwin, John Michell, and Ernest McClain.
Published works
The Temple in Man, R. A. Schwaller de Lubicz (translated by Robert and Deborah Lawlor), Inner Traditions, 1977, (1982)
Symbol and the Symbolic: Ancient Egypt, Science, and the Evolution of Consciousness, R. A. Schwaller de Lubicz (translated by Robert and Deborah Lawlor), 1978,
Mathematics useful for understanding Plato, Theon of Smyrna, Platonic Philosopher, translated from the 1892 Greek/French edition of J. Dupuis by Robert and Deborah Lawlor, Secret Doctrine Reference Series, Wizards Bookshelf, San Diego, 1979
Lindisfarne Letter 10: Geometry and Architecture, 1980
Lindisfarne Letter 12: The Lindisfarne Chapel, 1981
Lindisfarne Letter 14: Homage to Pythagoras, 1982, ASIN B000H06P2U
Sacred Geometry: Philosophy and practice, Thames & Hudson, 1989 (1st edition 1979, 1980, or 1982),
Earth Honoring: The New Male Sexuality, Park Street Press, 1991,
Voices of the First Day: Awakening in the Aboriginal dreamtime, Rochester, Vermont: Inner Traditions International, Ltd., 1991,
Homage to Pythagoras: Rediscovering Sacred Science, Christopher Bamford, 1994, (features 2 of Lawlor's essays, Ancient Temple Architecture and Pythagorean Number as Form, Color, and Light from the early 1980s Lindisfarne Letters)
The Geometry of the End of Time, Robert Lawlor (2015),
See also
Sacred geometry
Bija
Guruwari
Lotus (symbolism)
Mimi (folklore)
Maban
Rainbow Serpent
Notes and references
External links
An Essay Review of Robert Lawlor's Voices of the First Day: Awakening in the Aboriginal Dreamtime by Mary Lynn Adzema
Robert Lawlor in Conversation with Phong Bui (May 2009)
"Robert Lawlor Tells a 'White' Lie" Mitchell Rolls
1939 births
Living people
Mythographers
New Age writers
Sacred geometry
Symbologists
Izaiah Antoine Brockington (born July 12, 1999) is an American professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA), on a two-way contract with the Birmingham Squadron of the NBA G League. They played college basketball for the St. Bonaventure Bonnies, Penn State Nittany Lions, and Iowa State Cyclones.
High school career
Brockington played basketball for Archbishop Ryan High School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They entered the starting lineup as a sophomore. In their senior season, Brockington averaged 18.6 points per game and led their team to its first Class 6A semifinals appearance. They finished their high school career with 1,242 career points, becoming the third 1,000-point scorer in program history. Brockington originally committed to playing college basketball for NJIT in August 2016, before announcing they would do a prep year at Woodstock Academy in Woodstock, Connecticut. In August 2017, they instead signed with St. Bonaventure.
College career
As a first-year student at St. Bonaventure, Brockington averaged 4.3 points and 1.2 rebounds per game. They transferred to Penn State for their sophomore season. Brockington sat out for one season due to NCAA transfer rules. They assumed a sixth man role as a sophomore, averaging 8.1 points and 2.7 rebounds per game. In their junior year, Brockington became a regular starter, and averaged 12.6 points, 4.9 rebounds and 1.7 assists per game. They scored a season-high 24 points against Virginia Tech and had 18 double-figure scoring performances. For their senior season, Brockington transferred to Iowa State. They entered the 2021 NBA draft before withdrawing their name. On November 24, 2021, Brockington scored 30 points in an 82–70 win against Xavier. They scored a career-high 35 points in an 84–81 win against West Virginia on February 23, 2022. For the season, Brockington averaged 16.9 points, 6.8 rebounds, and 1.6 assists per game. They were named to the First Team All-Big 12 as well as Big 12 Newcomer of the Year. On March 28, 2022, Brockington announced they would forego their additional year of eligibility and declare for the 2022 NBA draft.
Professional career
New Orleans Pelicans (2022–present)
Brockington went undrafted in the 2022 NBA draft. On September 12, 2022, Brockington signed a two-way contract with the New Orleans Pelicans and the Birmingham Squadron.
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"| St. Bonaventure
| 34 || 1 || 11.6 || .441 || .415 || .538 || 1.2 || .9 || .4 || .1 || 4.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"| Penn State
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="11"| Redshirt
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| Penn State
| 31 || 0 || 20.8 || .445 || .267 || .703 || 2.7 || 1.1 || .8 || .1 || 8.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;"| Penn State
| 25 || 24 || 29.7 || .430 || .279 || .841 || 4.9 || 1.7 || 1.0 || .2 || 12.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021–22
| style="text-align:left;"| Iowa State
| 35 || 35 || 34.6 || .447 || .362 || .775 || 6.8 || 1.6 || 1.3 || .3 || 16.9
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 125 || 60 || 23.9 || .442 || .340 || .748 || 3.9 || 1.3 || .9 || .2 || 10.4
Personal life
Son of Jennifer St. Jean and Antoine Brockington. Step-father is Noisette St. Jean Jr. Izaiah's Father, Antoine, played professional basketball overseas after playing collegiately at Coppin State where they were selected as the MEAC Player of the Year for 1997-98. Antoine scored 1,448 career points, including 20 points in a three-point overtime loss to the Cyclones at Hilton Coliseum in 1997. During Highschool, Izaiah played AAU for Team Philly and WeR1. Izaiah earned an undergraduate degree from Penn State in labor and employment relations and worked toward a master's degree in family financial planning at Iowa State University.
Brockington's father, Antoine, was named Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference Player of the Year during their college basketball career at Coppin State, before playing professionally.
Mother, Jennifer, was a member of the Philadelphia Eagles Cheerleaders during the 2005-2006 season. Step-father, Noisette, is a writer, director, and producer.
References
External links
Iowa State Cyclones bio
Penn State Nittany Lions bio
St. Bonaventure Bonnies bio
1999 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Philadelphia
St. Bonaventure Bonnies men's basketball players
Penn State Nittany Lions basketball players
Iowa State Cyclones men's basketball players
Shooting guards
Tonragee (Irish: Tóin re gaoith ""Backside to the wind"") is a village situated on the Currane peninsula in the parish of Achill. It has its own national school, a pub called the Way Inn, and it also has a pipe band, the Tonragee Pipeband.
Towns and villages in County Mayo
Energy in Luxembourg describes energy and electricity production, consumption and import in Luxembourg. Energy policy of Luxembourg will describe the politics of Luxembourg related to energy in greater detail. Electricity sector in Luxembourg is the main article of electricity in Luxembourg.
Luxembourg is a net energy importer. Primary energy use in Luxembourg was 48 TWh in 2009, or 98 TWh per million inhabitants.
Overview
There was no decline in the climate change gas emissions () from year 2008 to 2012 in Luxembourg. There was no better efficiency in the use of electricity from 2008 to 2012.
Electricity
In 2008, electricity use per person in Luxembourg was 2.6 times greater than in the United Kingdom.
The 1970s energy crisis led Luxembourg to briefly consider constructing a nuclear power plant. In 1972 RWE and the government negotiated a project to build a 1,200 MW nuclear reactor along the Moselle river near Remerschen. In 1974 there were already signs that there was little support for the project among public opinion. The opposition to the project grew, and became more organized, ultimately forcing the government to cancel the project at the end of 1977.
Subsequently, the construction of the large French Cattenom Nuclear Power Plant in 1979 close to the Luxembourg border caused tensions between the two countries.
Renewable energy
Luxembourg is the EU country with the second smallest forecast penetration of renewables, with the NREAP assuming that only 12% of electricity consumption will be covered by renewables in 2020.
At the end of 2010 the installed capacity of wind power covered on average 1.1% of electricity use. This is among the lowest in Europe, with only Latvia, Czech Republic, Finland, Slovakia, Slovenia and Malta generating a smaller share of their electricity from wind power. In comparison, Ireland can generate over half of its electricity from wind power under optimal wind conditions in 2010.
Climate change
Emissions of carbon dioxide in total, per capita in 2007 were 22.4 tons CO2 compared to EU 27 average 7.9 tons .
1990 emissions were 13 Mt eqKyoto protocol target is reduction of 4 Mt (28%).
See also
Cegedel
List of Ministers for Energy of Luxembourg
References
Marinicauda salina is a Gram-negative and aerobic bacterium from the genus of Marinicauda which has been isolated from a marine solar saltern.
References
Caulobacterales
Bacteria described in 2019
Red Sails to Capri is a children's historical novel by Ann Weil. It tells the story of the rediscovery of Capri's Blue Grotto in 1826. The novel, illustrated by C. B. Falls, was first published in 1952 and was a Newbery Honor recipient in 1953.
See also
References
1952 American novels
Children's historical novels
American children's novels
Newbery Honor-winning works
Novels set in Italy
Capri, Campania
Fiction set in 1826
Novels set in the 1820s
Viking Press books
1952 children's books
Eugene Grebenik (; 20 July 1919 – 14 October 2001), known as "Grebby", was a Soviet-born British civil servant who was a central figure in the development of demography in Britain. They were the first director of the British Civil Service College.
Grebenik was born in Kyiv a few months after the establishment of the Ukrainian SSR. They were the only son and elder child of Jewish parents Schulim Grebenik (1887–1972), estate agent, and their wife, Lea Helene (née Lopatizkaya; 1894–1985), a qualified lawyer. Their birth was not registered with the Soviet government because their mother didn't want them to be naturalised and thought that this was mandatory. They had a sister, Renata Rosalie. The family moved to Danzig in 1920, then to Berlin, and finally, after the rise of Adolf Hitler, to England in 1933. Grebenik could speak several European languages but none like a native. All their life they were known as Grebby, because they never liked the association with eugenics born by the name 'Eugene'.
They attended the Xaverian College Catholic high school in Brighton.
Grebenik went to the London School of Economics in 1935 aged sixteen, and graduated with a first-class degree in economics (with statistics and demography as their special subject) at eighteen. They earned the Farr medal and prize. After a brief spell working in the City of London, they returned to the LSE as research assistant to Arthur Bowley, and then moved to Bristol to work with H. A. Shannon. Their book, The Population of Bristol, was published in 1943. Rejected by the army due to their foreign birth, Grebenik returned to the LSE in 1940 and graduated from MSc in 1941.
Promoted to lecturer in statistics in 1944, Grebenik was seconded to the Admiralty for the final year of World War II as a statistical officer, where they worked with William Brass. They were then seconded for a year to the secretariat of the Royal Commission on Population. They were naturalised on 23 November 1946 and shortly afterwards married Virginia Barker.
Grebenik worked with David Glass, editor of Population Studies, from its inception in 1947—and continued to be associated with the journal as joint and then sole editor for fifty years. They were promoted to reader in demography at the LSE in 1949. Their work with Glass on the 1946 family census, published in two volumes as The Trend and Pattern of Fertility in Great Britain (1954), was a landmark in cohort analysis. In 1954 Grebenik was appointed professor of social studies at the University of Leeds.
In 1970 Grebenik was appointed the first principal of the Civil Service College at Sunningdale. They left the college in 1976 to conduct research at the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys, working with Abraham Manie Adelstein and John Fox, where they remained until they retired in 1984.
Grebenik was secretary-general of the International Union for the Scientific Study of Population from 1963 to 1973. They organised three of the IUSSP's four-yearly general population conferences, including the one held in Belgrade in 1965 in conjunction with the second United Nations world population conference. They were also president of the British Society for Population Studies from 1979 to 1981. Among other honours, In 1997, they were the first recipient of the Olivia Schieffelin Nordberg award from the Population Council in New York.
They and Virginia had three children: Michael, Peter and Catherine.
References
Who was Who
Oxford Dictionary of National Biography
External links
Obituary
1919 births
2001 deaths
20th-century Royal Navy personnel
Ukrainian Jews
Civil servants in the Admiralty
Civil servants in the Office of Population Censuses and Surveys
Jewish scientists
Alumni of the London School of Economics
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United Kingdom
British people of Ukrainian-Jewish descent
Naturalised citizens of the United Kingdom
Soviet emigrants to Germany
"Chi Mai" (Italian: whoever) is a composition by Ennio Morricone written in 1971. It was used in the films Maddalena directed by Jerzy Kawalerowicz (1971) and Le Professionnel directed by Georges Lautner (1981), as well as in the television series An Englishman's Castle (1978). In 1981, it was used as the theme music for the BBC series The Life and Times of David Lloyd George and the BBC release of the theme reached number 2 on the UK Singles Chart.
Composition
Elements of the melody of "Chi Mai" appeared in a piece entitled "Invito All'Amore" from the 1968 Sergio Corbucci Spaghetti Western, The Great Silence. The original Italian lyrics for this song were written by Carlo Nistri and published by Ricordi (1972).
"Chi Mai" is also famous in France for being used for a Royal Canin 1980s commercial, to the point that it is more closely associated with the commercial than with its other appearances, including Dunhill in 1987. In 2002, this association was referenced by the French movie, Asterix & Obelix: Mission Cleopatra, in a scene in which Dogmatix is chasing a legionnaire running on all fours in slow motion (like in the commercial) while "Chi Mai" is playing in the background.
"Chi Mai" was used as the melody for the last tribute to Jean-Paul Belmondo, in the post mortem national ceremony held on 9 September 2021, three days after Belmondo's death.
Online community
"Chi Mai" is also the name of the online community about Ennio Morricone.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
Film theme songs
Television drama theme songs
Ennio Morricone songs
1970s instrumentals
1971 compositions
1981 singles
Diyllus is a small genus of katydids found in South America. Species include:
Diyllus discophorus Stål, 1875
Diyllus fasciatus (Brunner von Wattenwyl, 1895)
Diyllus maximus Beier, 1960
References
Pseudophyllinae
Tettigoniidae genera
Orthoptera of South America
Nora J Murray (1888–1955) was an Irish poet and school teacher at the heart of the Ardclough Sedition Case, when their teaching of Irish history was the subject of a complaint by a Unionist landlord Bertram Hugh Barton (1858-1927) in the aftermath of the 1916 rebellion. "The Wind Upon the Heath" was published by William Butler Yeats' publisher Maunsel & Co in 1918.
Early life
The daughter of Timothy Murray from Carrick on Shannon, they were a scholarship student at the local Marist Convent and noted musician. After graduation they taught at Ardclough National School in Co Kildare. They married Alfred Whyte on 6 September 1919.
Poetry
Murray was the first lady teacher in an Irish national school to make their name as a poet. Prior to the publication of "The Wind Upon the Heath" (July 1918) to favourable critical reaction their poetry appeared in the Irish and Sunday Independent during the revolutionary period. They also had short stories published. Some poetry relating to their native County Leitrim was published post-humously.
Sedition case
Murray's teaching of history was the subject of a complaint from local Unionist landlord Bertram Hugh Barton (1858–1927) in 1916.
Late in 1917 these allegations reappeared in the form of a complaint about "seditious teaching" filed to the National School commissioners in the name of Mrs Bourke, who said that their child had been discriminated against because they were the son of a British soldier.
A sworn enquiry organised by Commissioners was postponed, pending a prosecution for sedition by the Dublin Castle administration in Ireland. A defence fund was organised by local people and after considerable publicity no sedition proceedings were initiated.
References
Sources
Gabriel Doherty: National Identity and the Study of Irish History in "The English Historical Review," Vol. 111, No. 441 (April 1996), pp. 332–3 (Oxford University Press).
John Rooney: The poetry of Nora J Murray in Carrick on Shannon remembered p 57. (1996)
Nora J Murray: A Wind Upon the Heath (1918)
Nora J Murray: Leitrim of The Lakes
Nora J Murray: A Ridge of the West
Eoghan Corry and Jim Tancred: Annals of Ardclough (1914)
Freeman's Journal 29 November 1917.
Leinster Leader 1 December 1917, 30 March 1918, 18 August 1918, 31 August 1918, 30 November 1918.
Leitrim Observer 1 December 1917
1888 births
1955 deaths
Irish poets
Irish women poets
People from County Leitrim
20th-century poets
20th-century Irish women writers
James G. McCune (born September 17, 1950) is an American politician and business person serving as a member of the Washington State Senate, representing the 2nd district since 2021. A member of the Republican Party, they previously served as a member of the Pierce County Council, representing the 3rd district from 2017 to 2021 and as a member of the Washington House of Representatives from 1998 to 1999 and again from 2005 to 2013.
Early life and education
McCune was born in Seattle and raised in Graham, Washington. They earned their high school diploma from Highline High School in Burien, Washington.
Career
McCune began their career as a provider of Copper River salmon products. They later served on the board of the Prince William Sound Aquaculture Corporation. McCune served as a member of the Washington House of Representatives in 1998. In 2004, they were again elected to the House, serving until 2013.
They served as a member of the Pierce County Council, representing the 3rd district from 2013 to 2021.
After incumbent Republican Randi Becker announced their retirement from the Washington State Senate, effective after the end of the 2020 legislative session, McCune announced their candidacy to succeed them McCune placed first in the August 2020 Republican primary and will face Marilyn Rasmussen in the November general election.
References
External links
Jim McCune at ourcampaigns.com
1950 births
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Pierce County Councillors
Washington (state) Republicans
Politicians from Seattle
Highline High School alumni
Washington (state) state senators
Kirk Chaffee (born November 22, 1963) is an American politician and business person serving as a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from the 29th district. Elected in 2018, Chaffee assumed office in 2019.
Background
Chaffee was born in South Dakota and resides in Whitewood. They served as the director of equalization and planning for Meade County, South Dakota for 31 years. They also worked as a business consultant for the city of Sturgis, South Dakota.
References
Living people
South Dakota Republicans
Members of the South Dakota House of Representatives
1963 births
21st-century American politicians
Lopo may refer to:
People
Surname
Alberto Lopo (born 1980), Spanish football player
Fausto Lopo de Carvalho, Portuguese pulmonologist
Santiago Lopo (born 1974), Galician author
Given name
Lopo Fernandes Pacheco (died 1349)
Lopo Gomes de Abreu (1420–70s?), Portuguese nobleman
Lopo Homem (16th century), Portuguese cartographer and cosmographer
Lopo Soares de Albergaria
Lopo Vaz de Sampaio
Lopo de Almeida (1416–1486)
Lopo de Alpoim (1400-?), Portuguese nobleman
Lopo de Brito
Lopo do Nascimento (born 1942), Angolan politician
Other
Lopo house
Call of Heroes, previously known as The Deadly Reclaim, (Chinese: 危城) is a 2016 Hong Kong-Chinese action film co-written, co-produced and directed by Benny Chan, with action direction by Sammo Hung, and starring Sean Lau, Louis Koo, Eddie Peng, Yuan Quan, Jiang Shuying, with a special appearance by Wu Jing.
Filming began in June 2015. The film was released on 18 August 2016.
Plot
China has devolved into a patchwork of competing military governates following the dissolution of the Qing Dynasty. As Marshal Cho, the son of a military governor, wanders around the area of Shitoucheng indiscriminately killing and robbing from civilians, a school-teacher named Ms Pak flees with their students, and along with other refugees are admitted into Pucheng, which belongs to another governor. Since the soldiers of Pucheng are away on a campaign, authority falls to Colonel Yeung, leader of the militia. A few days later, Cho, who derives pleasure from random killings, enters Pucheng alone and murders Pak, their cousin, and one of their students.  They are quickly arrested and sentenced to death, but their father's soldiers arrive and demand their release. When Yeung refuses to give in, and threatens to kill Cho on the spot, the soldiers declare that Yeung must release Cho in the morning, or else the entire town will be killed.
Two of the soldiers' commanders worry about Cho, and attempt to lead a squad in a rescue mission at night, to attack the prison and set Cho free, but the militia members successfully repel them. The richest man in town, Mr Lau, who recently hired private security guards, sends them to murder Yeung and their best friend Tither Liu, so they can take control of the town and set Cho free. While Yeung's friend is killed, Yeung manages to defeat Lau's men. When Yeung tries to arrest Lau, the entire town protests and pleads with Yeung to liberate Cho, and thereby spare the town from massacre. Yeung does not wish to comply, and resigns instead, and disbands the militia. However, in the morning, when Cho's soldiers arrive and free him, they begin plundering the entire town and killing civilians indiscriminately. Yeung, their wife, and their few remaining followers fight back by bombing the soldiers' camp, setting traps within the town, and arming the surviving townsfolk so they can retaliate. In the end, Cho is killed, and when their father leads the main army in a revenge mission against Pucheng, it happens that Pucheng's own army returns and defeats Cho's father in a pitched field battle. Cho's father later killed. Law and order is restored for a time, while the film goes on to question the privileges of the upper class and the true nature of justice even today.
Cast
Sean Lau as Yeung Hak-nan (楊克難)
Louis Koo as Cho Siu-lun (曹少璘)
Eddie Peng as Ma Fung (馬鋒)
Yuan Quan as Chow So-so (周素素)
Jiang Shuying as Pak Ling (白玲)
Wu Jing as Cheung Yik (張亦)
Liu Kai-chi as Tither Liu (廖甲長)
Berg Ng as Shum Ting (沈淀)
Sammy Hung as Cheung Mo (張武)
Philip Keung as Lee Tit-ngau (李鐵牛)
Xing Yu as Wong Wai-fu (王威虎)
Sammo Hung as General on horse (uncredited cameo)
Production
The project, budgeted at US$32 million, was first announced at the 2015 Hong Kong Filmart, which took place in March 2015, under the title The Deadly Reclaim, and was scheduled to start production in April and be released at the end of the year. Production began in June 2015 where on the 17th of the same month, a press conference was held on the film's outdoor set at the Keyan Scenic Area in Shaoxing, Zhejiang, China, where producer and director Benny Chan, action director Sammo Hung and cast members Sean Lau, Louis Koo, Eddie Peng, Yuan Quan, Jiang Shuying, Liu Kai-chi, Wu Jing, Philip Keung and Sammy Hung were present. The set took over four months to build. Lau, who has not filmed a martial arts film in 20 years, was trained to use a whip to prepare their role as a guardian leader of Pucheng village. Koo will portray the film's main villain, a ruthless warlord, while Peng will portray wanderer. On 19 June, the film's production company and distributor Universe Entertainment released a teaser trailer featuring behind the scenes footage and displaying a slated release date of 2016. Universe Entertainment released a second teaser trailer on 15 March 2016 under a new title, Call of Heroes.
Reception
The film grossed on its opening weekend in China. It grossed a total of at the Chinese box office.
It received mixed to positive reviews from critics and Sammo Hung was nominated for Best Action Choreography at the 36th Hong Kong Film Awards.
See also
Sammo Hung filmography
References
External links
Call of Heroes at Rotten Tomatoes
Call of Heroes at Variety
2016 films
DZRB may refer to:
DZRB-AM, an AM radio station broadcasting in Metro Manila with the brand Radyo Pilipinas 1 (RP1)
DZRB-FM, an FM radio station broadcasting in Naga City with the brand Mom's Radio
DZRB-TV, a TV station broadcasting in Laoag City with the brand ETC TV-9
Recalescence is an increase in temperature that occurs while cooling metal when a change in structure with an increase in entropy occurs. The heat responsible for the change in temperature is due to the change in entropy. When a structure transformation occurs the Gibbs free energy of both structures are more or less the same. Therefore, the process will be exothermic. The heat provided is the latent heat.
Recalescence also occurs after supercooling, when the supercooled liquid suddenly crystallizes, forming a solid but releasing heat in the process.
See also
Allotropy
Phase transition
Thermal analysis
References
Metallurgy
Phase transitions
Thermodynamic properties
The Demidovsky Pillar in Yaroslavl is a bronze Doric column set up as a memorial to Pavel Grigoryevich Demidov - founder of the Yaroslavl Demidov School of Higher Sciences. It was set up on 6 (18) March 1829 in Ilyinsky Square in Yaroslavl from funds given by the town's inhabitants and other voluntary donors. It is 12m high on a granite base, with its interior filled up with sand and its top crowned with a bronze armillary sphere with a gilded eagle perching on it.
After the February Revolution the eagle (a symbol of autocracy) and sphere were removed and in 1931 the monument itself was finally dismantled. In 2004 the city history museum mooted the restoration of the pillar, an idea supported by the town's mayor V. Volonchunas, and this occurred in 2005 at the city's expense, with the re-opening occurring on 9 December 2005.
1829 establishments in the Russian Empire
Monumental columns in Russia
Yaroslavl
Buildings and structures in Yaroslavl Oblast
Monuments and memorials in Russia
Maystora Peak (, ) is a rocky peak rising to 350 m in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island, Antarctica. Situated 580 m east of Razgrad Peak, 940 m south by west of Ilinden Peak, 2.13 km west of Viskyar Ridge, and 1.38 km northeast of the highest point of Ephraim Bluff. Overlooking Zheravna Glacier to the north, east, and south. Bulgarian topographic survey Tangra 2004/05. Named after the famous Bulgarian artist Vladimir Dimitrov – ‘Maystora' (1882-1960).
Maps
L.L. Ivanov et al. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. Scale 1:100000 topographic map. Sofia: Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria, 2005.
L.L. Ivanov. Antarctica: Livingston Island and Greenwich, Robert, Snow and Smith Islands. Scale 1:120000 topographic map. Troyan: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2009.
References
Maystora Peak. SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Maystora Peak. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Greenwich Island
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Gompers School may refer to:
Gompers Preparatory Academy in San Diego, California
Gompers School, also known as Eastern High School and Samuel Gompers General Vocational School, in Baltimore, Maryland
Samuel Gompers Career and Technical Education High School in The Bronx, New York
Gompers Woodworking School in Seattle, Washington
Night Games is a 1980 erotic thriller film directed by Roger Vadim. It was released in France as Jeux de Nuit.
The film stars Cindy Pickett as a woman still traumatised after being raped as a teenager, and is unable to have a satisfactory sex life with their husband, who eventually leaves them Left alone in a large house, Valerie drifts into sexual fantasies, while facing danger from another potential rapist.
Joanna Cassidy also stars, as Valerie's best friend. The film was released on CED in 1983 and VHS in 1989, with a running time of 104 minutes. A subsequent DVD release has a running time of only 96 minutes.
Cast
Cindy Pickett as Valerie St. John
Joanna Cassidy as Julie Miller
Barry Primus as Jason St. John
Paul Jenkins as Sean Daniels
Gene Davis as Timothy
Production
Roger Vadim had previously made a number of provocative films, including And God Created Woman and Barbarella, whose respective stars Vadim also married, Brigitte Bardot and Jane Fonda.
They were going to make a vampire film starring an ex-girlfriend Catherine Deneuve but postponed it to make Night Games. Vadim said they were "looking for a new Vivien Leigh, about 27 years old" to star in the film.
Part of the funding came from the Philippines and some of the movie was shot there. Other funding came from Raymond Chow of Golden Harvest.
Pickett was a relative unknown when Vadim cast them for Night Games, best known for appearing for three years on Guiding Light. "I went away from the experience transformed", said Pickett. "Vadim has the power to make an actor feel so good about himself, and when that happens you grow. It's part of their magic."
Pickett later recalled:
Vadim had to fight to get me into the picture. Chow had wanted someone with long hair and a big bosom – another Bardot, presumably. And here I was with short hair and a boyish figure. Vadim had to explain that fashions had changed since the Bardot era. And in the end, Chow accepted this.
Pickett and Vadim dated during the making of the film but the relationship ended when the film did.
Reception
This film was neither a commercial nor critical success, and Pickett went on to become one of the stars of an American television series set in a hospital, St. Elsewhere, and as the title character's mother in the film Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
"I was probably in every press release that year", said Pickett. " The London press was so cruel. One article ran a headline, 'Bardot, Deneuve, Fonda... Picket??'"
Pickett later reflected:
Perhaps the film would've done better if they'd used someone different – a Bo Derek for example. Because people did go to see Vadim's latest discovery and obviously I wasn't the sort of person they expected. The film was a disappointment, too. It was supposed to be a psychological thriller, but it wound up as a soft porn film. That wasn't Vadim's fault; they didn't have final cut. Many of my best scenes were cut out altogether. When I saw the finished version I knew it would do nothing for me. Nobody would walk away impressed. In fact, not many would even sit through the picture, which was a pity because my best work came at the end. I was sorry not just for myself but also for Vadim. I wanted it to work for him.
Pickett said they were never meant to be typed as a sex goddess. "I didn't have the body for it", they said.
References
External links
1980 films
1980s thriller drama films
Embassy Pictures films
1980s English-language films
Films directed by Roger Vadim
Films scored by John Barry (composer)
1980 drama films
Song Yang-ja (born 19 June 1944) is a South Korean sprinter. They competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
1944 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
South Korean female sprinters
Olympic athletes of South Korea
Place of birth missing (living people)
Olympic female sprinters
The 2007 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships was organised by USA Track & Field and held from June 20 to 24 at the IU Michael A. Carroll Track & Soccer Stadium in Indianapolis, Indiana. The four-day competition served as the national championships in track and field for the United States and also the trials for the 2007 World Championships in Athletics.
It was the fifth time that the stadium in Indianapolis had held the combined gender national track and field event, and the second time consecutively following its hosting of the 2006 edition. The USA Junior Championships were held in conjunction with the event and Rynell Parson set a world youth best of 10.22 to win the men's 100 m.
Athletes that finished in the top three of their event and held the IAAF qualifying standard were eligible to represent the United States at the 2007 World Championships. The United States was able to send three athletes per event to the competition, excluding any American reigning world champions, who received automatic qualification separate from the national selection. The World Championships national selection for the marathon and 50 kilometres walk were incorporated into the discrete national championship meets for those events. Selection for the relay races were made by committee.
Eight Americans went on to win an individual gold medal at the 2007 World Championships. Double sprint national champion Tyson Gay (the only athlete to win two national titles that year) repeated that feat with 100 m and 200 m world title wins. The 5000 m national champion Bernard Lagat won both that event and the 1500 m at the World Championships. Gay, Lagat, Brad Walker, Reese Hoffa, and Allyson Felix were the five athletes to win both national and world titles that year. Jeremy Wariner and Michelle Perry defended their world titles despite not winning their specialities nationally that year. Kerron Clement was runner-up in the men's 400 m hurdles in Indianapolis, but was unmatched at the World Championships in Osaka.
Several athletes extended their unbeaten runs at national level. Khadevis Robinson had a third straight win in the men's 800 m. Men's javelin thrower Breaux Greer had an eighth straight win. Treniere Clement had their third win over 1500 m, while Dana Pounds brought an end to Kim Kreiner's unbeaten run in the women's javelin, which dated back to 2004.
Results
Key:
Men track events
Men field events
Women track events
Women field events
World Championships qualification
Automatic byes
A total of ten American athletes received automatic byes into the 2007 World Championships in Athletics as a result of their being the defending champions from the 2005 World Championships in Athletics. Justin Gatlin was the reigning world champion in the men's 100 m and 200 m but was ineligible for competition due to a doping ban.
Lauryn Williams: women's 100 meters
Allyson Felix: women's 200 meters
Jeremy Wariner: men's 400 meters
Michelle Perry: women's 100 m hurdles
Bershawn Jackson: men's 400 m hurdles
Dwight Phillips: men's long jump
Tianna Madison: women's long jump
Walter Davis: men's triple jump
Adam Nelson: men's shot put
Bryan Clay: men's decathlon
Non-top three selections
College runners Trindon Holliday and Walter Dix, who both placed top three in the men's 100 m opted not to compete at the World Championships, with fourth and fifth placers Mark Jelks and J-Mee Samuels taking their places. Joint runner-up in the men's high jump, Adam Shunk, did not achieve the qualifying mark and fourth place Jesse Williams was selected instead. Eight place finishers in the men's javelin, Eric Brown, was one of only two Americans with the qualifying standard and thus gained selection.
As Dwight Phillips won the national long jump while receiving a bye as defending world champion, the fourth placer Walter Davis was the United States' fourth selection for that event. Kenta Bell – who finished third but failed a doping test at the championships – was the fourth choice for the men's triple jump (in which Davis was defending champion) as they were the only other American with the standard and their three-month doping ban expired before the World Championships. Noah Bryant was fourth in the men's shot put and gained selection due to reigning world champion Adam Nelson's bye.
Allyson Felix was fourth in the 100 m but gained selection as Lauryn Williams already qualified as world champion. LaShauntea Moore entered the 200 m on the same basis, due to Felix's own world champion bye, while 100 m hurdles fourth placer Nichole Denby benefited from Michelle Perry's bye.
Erin Aldrich was only seventh in the women's high jump, but took America's second spot as the only other athlete with the standard. Joint third placers in the pole vault, Lacy Janson and Jillian Schwartz had both achieved a qualifying mark of 4.50 m that year, but selectors opted to choose Schwartz for the national team. Cecilia Barnes, fourth place in the women's discus, got preference over third place Summer Pierson due to the former having the standard.
References
Results
Full Results - Open . USATF. Retrieved on 2015-06-27.
Day reports
Dunaway, James (2007-06-22). Greer again – 91.29 in the Javelin as U.S. Championships begin - Day One. IAAF. Retrieved on 2015-06-27.
Dunaway, James (2007-06-23). Gay runs 9.84 world season lead into the wind – US Champs, Day 2. IAAF. Retrieved on 2015-06-27.
Dunaway, James (2007-06-24). Trotter & Hastings inside 50 sec, as Richards is swept out of Osaka 400m berth – US Champs, Day 3. IAAF. Retrieved on 2015-06-27.
Dunaway, James (2007-06-24). Gay runs 19.62, the second fastest 200m in history – USA Champs, Day 4 . IAAF. Retrieved on 2015-06-27.
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
USA Outdoors
Track, Outdoor
Sports competitions in Indianapolis
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Track and field in Indiana
The men's 400 metres event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 8, 9 and 10 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Qualification: First 3 of each heat (Q) and the next 3 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
Qualification: First 2 of each semifinal (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
400 metres at the African Championships in Athletics
Mallory Comerford (born September 6, 1997) is an American competitive swimmer specializing in freestyle events. Comerford was the winner of five gold medals at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships. They won USA Swimming's Golden Goggle Award for Breakout Performer of the Year for 2017. The following year, Comerford won eight medals in individual and relay events at the 2018 World Swimming Championships.
 They are a member of the Cali Condors swim team, which is part of the International Swimming League.
Career
International Swimming League
In 2019, they were a member of the inaugural International Swimming League representing the Cali Condors, who finished third place in the final match in Las Vegas, Nevada in December. Mallory had success as a part of many Condors relays, including the 400-meter medley relay which never lost all season.
2016
In December 2016 at the World short course championships in Windsor, Canada, Comerford finished 5th in the 200 meter freestyle, and won two gold medals and one silver medal in relays.
2017
At the 2017 NCAA Championships, they won the 200 yards freestyle in a time of 1:40.36, tied with Katie Ledecky.
At the 2017 U.S. Nationals, they won the gold medal in the 100 meter freestyle in a new US Open record of 52.81, and also qualified for the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.
Comerford won their first long-course world title at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary, in the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay. They swam a national record in the individual 100 meter freestyle of 52.59 on the first leg. They went on to win a gold medal in each of the five available relays – three women's relays and two mixed relays. In the 4 × 100 meter mixed freestyle relay, Comerford and their teammates Caeleb Dressel, Nathan Adrian, and Simone Manuel broke the world record with a time of 3:19.60.
2018 World Championships
Comerford won a total of eight medals, 5 gold medals, 3 silver medals, and one bronze medal, spanning both individual and relay events at the 2018 World Swimming Championships in Hangzhou, China in December 2018.
2019
At the 2019 World Aquatics Championships, Comerford placed seventh in the 100m freestyle, and (with Zach Apple, Caeleb Dressel, and Simone Manuel) won the gold medal in the 4 x 100 mixed freestyle relay.
Awards and honors
Golden Goggle Award Breakout Performer of the Year: 2017
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
American female freestyle swimmers
Sportspeople from Kalamazoo, Michigan
Louisville Cardinals women's swimmers
World Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
World record holders in swimming
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 3000 metres M45 division of Masters athletics. Records must be set in properly conducted, official competitions under the standing IAAF rules unless modified by World Masters Athletics.
The M45 division consists of male athletes who have reached the age of 45 but have not yet reached the age of 50, so exactly from their 45th birthday to the day before their 50th birthday.
Key
References
Masters Athletics 3000 m list
Masters athletics world record progressions
Oksapmin Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. The Oksapmin language is spoken in the LLG.
Wards
01. Ranimap
02. Betianap
03. Divanap
04. Kuiva
05. Kusanap
06. Mitaganap
07. Tekap
08. Teranap
09. Tomianap
10. Seremty
11. Oksapmin Subdistrict
12. Bimin
13. Daburap
14. Duban
15. Kweptanap
16. Sungtem
17. Umanap
18. Akiapmin
19. Lembana
20. Monduban
21. Tomware
See also
Oksapmin language
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Carenum ducale is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1905.
References
ducale
Beetles described in 1905
Soreq Nuclear Research Center is a research and development institute situated near the localities of Palmachim and Yavne in Israel. It operates under the auspices of the Israel Atomic Energy Commission (IAEC).
History
The center conducts research in various physical sciences, particularly the development of many kinds of sensors, lasers, atmospheric research, non-destructive testing techniques, space environment, nuclear safety, medical diagnostics and nuclear medicine. Soreq also produces various types of radiopharmaceuticals for use by health care organizations throughout the country.
Some of the institute's research facilities include an AMF 5 MW pool-type light water nuclear reactor supplied in the late 1950s from the United States under the Atoms for Peace program and a 10 MeV proton cyclotron accelerator, as well as extensive laboratory and testing facilities. Currently under construction is a 5-40 MeV, 0.04-5 mA proton and deuteron superconducting linear accelerator scheduled for commissioning in 2013.
The center is named after the nearby stream of Soreq.
The center operates under the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Architecture
Noted American modernist architect Philip Johnson designed the center's building in 1956. The project was Johnson's first government commission. Dr. Lev Zetlin, the structural engineer for this project, introduced Philip Johnson to Israeli authorities and facilitated their hiring. Zetlin, one of the most renowned practitioners of their profession, worked very closely with Johnson in the design and construction of the reactor. It was Zetlin who set the parameters and established the conditions for the architect and turned Johnson's ideas into reality.
See also
SARAF – Soreq Applied Research Accelerator Facility
References
Oral History interview with Mr. Shraga Biran, June 21, 2018.
External links
Official website
Soreq Nuclear Research Center (SNRC), NTI
The Radiological Accident in Soreq, International Atomic Energy Agency, May 1993
Центр ядерных исследований «Сорек»
Research institutes in Israel
Israeli nuclear development
Nuclear research institutes
Philip Johnson buildings
The Sulphur Springs School District is an elementary school district in Los Angeles County, California. It serves the east side of the Santa Clarita Valley, including most Canyon Country. As of August 2012, it has 9 elementary schools.
The district's headquarters are located off Via Princessa in Canyon Country, near the Via Princessa Metrolink station.
Schools
All SSSD schools are within Santa Clarita city limits, except for Mint Canyon Community School, which is in an unincorporated area. Schools within the Sulphur Springs School District refer to themselves as "community schools," unlike schools in the Saugus and Newhall school districts which refer to themselves as "elementary schools."
References
External links
School districts in Los Angeles County, California
Education in Santa Clarita, California
1872 establishments in California
School districts established in 1872
Quailwood is a former unincorporated community now incorporated into Bakersfield in Kern County, California. It lies at an elevation of 384 feet (117 m).
References
Neighborhoods in Bakersfield, California
The sulphur-breasted myzomela (Myzomela jugularis), also known as the orange-breasted myzomela or orange-breasted honeyeater, is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
Description
The sulphur-breasted myzomela is 10 cm (4 in) long. The upperparts are black with a scarlet rump. The underparts are pale yellow-white. The curved bill and feet are black. The male has a scarlet crown.
Distribution and habitat
The sulphur-breasted myzomela is endemic to Fiji, where it is the smallest resident avian species. It breeds on all the islands except Rotuma. It is a familiar bird in gardens as well as rural forest and mangrove habitats, and also among coconut trees in disturbed areas. Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical mangrove forests.
Breeding
The small nest is composed of root fibres and hidden in shrubby vegetation. A clutch of two eggs, pale pink with brown spots, is laid, and then incubated for around 14 days.
References
External links
Endemic birds of Fiji
Myzomela
Birds described in 1848
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Titian Peale
Roy Haggerty (22 March 1960 – 22 April 2018) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s. They played for St Helens, Barrow and Highfield who began their career playing as a before later playing as a forward.
Capped twice for Great Britain Haggerty was selected to go on the 1988 Great Britain Lions tour of Australasia but did not play in any Test matches. They also appeared once for Lancashire in a game against Yorkshire.
Two of their sons Gareth Haggerty and Kurt Haggerty are also professional rugby league footballers.
Playing career
St Helens
Born in Thatto Heath, Haggerty played for local amateur side Pilkington Recs before they signed for St Helens as a teenager. They made their first team début playing centre in a 31–20 defeat by Widnes in the John Player Trophy on 30 September 1979.
The first of their 115 tries for St Helens came on 9 October against Rochdale Hornets.
A constant presence in the St Helens side for 12 seasons, Haggerty made 363 appearances scoring 115 tries and kicking 20 drop goals. Among these appearances were two appearances in the final of the Lancashire Cup; the first a 16–0 defeat by Warrington in the 1982 competition, and the second in the 28–16 victory over Wigan in the 1984 final.
In the same season, 1984–85, Heggarty played in the Premiership final as St Helens beat Hull Kingston Rovers 36–16.
Another final appearance was in the 1987–88 John Player Special Trophy final where St Helens beat Leeds 15–14.
They made two appearances in the final of the Challenge Cup, both on the losing side. The first was in the 1987 final at Wembley Stadium, London on Saturday 2 May 1987, a losing appearance as Halifax won the cup 19–18. The second was in the 27–0 defeat by Wigan at Wembley on 29 April 1989.
In the early part of their career Haggerty played as a , but in 1984 St Helens signed Mal Meninga, considered at the time the best centre in the world. When told of the move Haggerty reportedly said "where are they going to play him?", the answer was in Haggerty's place in the centres and Haggerty was moved into the forwards to play at where they played for the rest of their career.
After a testimonial season in 1990, Haggerty left St Helens in 1991.
Post St Helens
After leaving St Helens, Haggerty played for two seasons for Barrow before joining Highfield in 1993. After a short spell with Highfield and another with Huddersfield, Haggerty retired at the end of the 1992–93 season.
Haggerty died from a blocked artery caused by coronary heart disease on 22 April 2018, aged 58.
International career
In 1987 Haggerty was selected to play for Great Britain in two test matches against France, they did not score in either game but Great Britain won both matches. Haggerty was selected for the 1988 Great Britain tour to Papua New Guinea, Australia and New Zealand and while they played in some of the representative matches they did not play in any of the test matches.
References
1960 births
2018 deaths
Barrow Raiders players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Huddersfield Giants players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Liverpool City (rugby league) players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from St Helens, Merseyside
Rugby league second-rows
St Helens R.F.C. players
Deaths from coronary artery disease
Christian Dumas is a French biologist born on January 2, 1943.  They are a professor at the École normale supérieure (ENS) in Lyon. Dumas has devoted themselves to the study of the specific sexual reproduction mechanisms of flowering plants and their applications for the genetic improvement of cultivated plants.  They are also the scientific director of the botanical garden of the Parc de la Tête d'Or in Lyon.
Course
They studied at the IPES (Institut des Professeurs de l'Enseignement Secondaire) at Claude Bernard University (UCB) from 1962 to 1965), then from 1965 to 1968 they were a teacher in secondary education including 1 year at the Centre Pédagogique Régional de Lyon. They passed the CAPES in natural sciences in 1968, followed by 2 years as a Volunteer in the National Active Service (VSNA) in Tunisia (Sousse high school).
They were seconded to higher education as an assistant at Claude Bernard University in 1968 and became a doctor of natural sciences in 1975, Assistant Professor at UCB from 1975 to 1984, Visiting Professor, Melbourne University in 1981 and 1984, Professor at the École Normale Supérieure de Saint-Cloud from 1985 to 1986 and at the École Normale Supérieure de Lyon (ENSL, 1987-), where they created and directed the Cellular Recognition and Plant Improvement Laboratory (UCB-LA 879 associated with Institut National de la Recherche Agronomique - INRA, between 1988 and 1992, and EP20 CNRS-LA INRA 879 from 1993 to 1998) then the Plant Reproduction and Development Laboratory (UMR 5667 CNRS, INRA, ENSL and UCB, from 1994 to 2006). They were Visiting Professor, Tohoku University and Miyasaki University (Japan Society of Promotion of Sciences in 1987), Stanford, UCLA, Flagstaff University (Invited by the French Embassy in California).
Scientific work
Dumas first explored the mechanisms of stigmatous secretion: the stigma is in the flower, the female organ that receives pollen (male partner), before engaging in the study of male and female partners in sexual reproduction and their interactions at the origin of seed formation. This is controlled at several levels: a) pollen is accepted or rejected by the female organ through mechanisms governed by the "major sexual incompatibility complex"; b) fertilization is double and its determinism has been studied because female and male gametes have been isolated in vitro; c) the formation of zygotes in vitro and the analysis of mutants also allows the research of genes for early embryo development. In these various key areas of seed production, the team led by Christian Dumas characterized the stigmatic receptor linked to the incompatibility mechanism as well as its ligand, it also characterized the stigmatic and ovular receptivity period and also made it possible to carry out various pollination-fertilization bioassays, including the first in vitro fertilization in flowering plants under physiological conditions close to normal. This work has been carried out in several model and/or interesting species such as maize, cabbage Brassica oleracea and Arabidopsis thaliana, the fruit fly of plant biologists; in addition, the search for genes involved in floral fragrance and flower structure has been initiated in rose as well as preliminary work on the origin of flowering plants using Amborella trichopoda-core species of all current flowering plants endemic to New Caledonia. This work has been carried out within the framework of various international programmes (e.g. CEE, HFPS) and/or collaborations with industrial seed partners (Limagrain, AGPM-Arvalis, Rhône-Poulenc agrochemistry, Elf Sanofi, Orsan Lafarge, etc).
Pedagogical activity
Dumas has remained close to secondary education through their close links with the Association of Professors of Biology and Geology by organizing practical workshops, training seminars or participating in its events. In addition, they have worked with Pierre Léna, in "La main à la Pâte" in different forms: practices in the "science seed workshops" at the École des Houches or Cargèse. They were involved in the various committees of the French Academy of sciences which led to the creation of the "Fondation La Main à la Pâte" and the creation of the "Maisons pour la Science". They continue to be a referent for the Maison Auvergne and the École des sciences de Chateauneuf-les-Bains.
Honours
They were elected to the French Academy of sciences as Correspondant, Animal and Plant Biology Section in 1989 and then as Member, Integrative Biology Section in 2002 to which they were a delegate between 2011 and 2014. They were elected senior member of the Institut Universitaire de France (IUF) from 1996 to 2006. They have been Professor Emeritus since 2011, they are a member of two Academy commissions: the Teaching Commission (including La Main à la Pâte) and the Environment Commission; they also chaired the working group on the reform of its governance in 2009.
Correspondant of the French Academy of sciences (1993)
Associate member of the Royal Academy of Belgium (1994)
Senior member of the Institut Universitaire de France (1996-2006)
Member of the French Academy of sciences (2002)
Member of the Academy of Sciences, Fine Arts and Arts of Lyon (2004)
Prize of the Academy of Sciences, Fine Arts and Arts of Lyon (2005)
Chevalier in the Ordre national de la Légion d'Honneur (2013)
Chevalier in the Ordre national du Mérite (2004)
Chevalier in the Ordre des Palmes Académiques (2017)
Bibliography (books)
In : Pollination and crop production, P. Pesson and J. Louveaux eds, INRA series, pp. 3–90 (1984).
Centenary of Léon Guignard's publication on double fertilization in flowering plants. Day organized by C. Dumas at the French Academy of sciences and published in Volume 324 of the Proceedings of the French Academy of sciences, June 2001, N°6, 505-576.
La Reproduction, Douin ed., Paris .1 ère ed., 1994, 2de éd. 1998 (coll. D. Robert and C. Bajon), 384 p.
Qu'est-ce qu'une Rose ? Le pommier ed. Paris, 59 p.
Plant Biology, J-L. Bonnemain and C. Dumas, 1998, P.U.F., Paris, 125p.
Russell S.D., Dumas C. (eds) 1992. Sexual Reproduction in Flowering Plants. International Review of Cytology, vol. 140, Academic Press, New York, 680 pages.
Date Y., Dumas C., Gallais A.(eds). 1994. Reproductive Biology and Plant Breeding (Proceed. XIII Intern.EUCARPIA Congress). Springer Verlag, Berlin, New York, 480 pages.
Media
Le Maïs, film in collaboration with AGPM, awarded at the Palaiseau Scientific Film Festival, 1994.
In the name of the flower. www://Futura-sciences, Section : files 01-12-2008
La Rose, television show A2, June 1, 2007.
Programs on Canal académie:
- The flower: from birth to reproduction! 2007
- Plants have their hormones, 2009
- Biodiversity explained to high school students, 2010
- The ingenuity of plants to ensure their survival under extreme conditions, 2011
- Orchids of France: 150 fragile and magnificent species, 2011.
References
1943 births
20th-century French botanists
École Normale Supérieure alumni
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Living people
21st-century French botanists
Dipipanone (Pipadone) is a strong opioid analgesic drug, used for acute pain by mouth (PO) for adults - initially 10 mg every 6 hours, then increased if necessary up to 30 mg every 6 hours, with the dose to be increased gradually. It is often used in instances where morphine is indicated but cannot be used due to the patient being allergic to morphine. In analgesic potency 25 mg dipipanone is
approximately equivalent to 10 mg morphine.
Dosage forms
The main preparation of the drug commercially available is mixed with cyclizine (Diconal, Wellconal) which has the advantage of reducing nausea, vomiting and histamine release associated with strong opioid therapy.
Dipipanone was also available as an oral mixture 10 mg/5ml without the cyclizine during the 1970s–1980s in the United Kingdom. This form was rare and used normally only in drug trials and in specialist Diconal addiction clinics.
Dipipanone is now the only alternative opioid left to use in the UK that is of equal strength to morphine that can be prescribed instead, aside from oxycodone and hydromorphone which are typically the second and third-line alternative to pain relief when morphine is indicated but not tolerated. A fentanyl patch may also be used, especially in cases of renal impairment.
One of the limitations of using dipipanone is that it is only produced in one dosage form that is mixed with the anti-emetic and anti-histamine cyclizine at a ratio of 25% dipipanone to 75% cyclizine which limits the dose of dipipanone to an absolute maximum of 3 tablets per dose up to 4-6 times a day. This is a 10mg Dipipanone/30mg cyclizine formulation. It is made by the following manufacturers:
Dipipanone 10mg / Cyclizine 30mg tablets (Phoenix Healthcare Distribution Ltd)
Dipipanone 10mg / Cyclizine 30mg tablets (Alliance Healthcare (Distribution) Ltd)
Dipipanone 10mg / Cyclizine 30mg tablets (Advanz Pharma)
All formulations contain the same dose.
As of November 2011 Amdipharm stopped making the Diconal brand tablets for the UK due to undisclosed commercial reasons. However the product is listed as available on the manufacturer's website as of July 1, 2014. General practitioners are now advised to prescribe it as generic dipipanone/cyclizine tablets.
Use
Dipipanone is now unavailable in most countries of the world either by laws prohibiting its medicinal use as in the United States or by falling out of production as more modern analgesics took its market share. Great Britain, Northern Ireland and South Africa are known to continue to use the substance but it is infrequently prescribed.
Dipipanone is a Schedule I controlled substance in the United States; it has been assigned the ACSCN of 9622 and since 2013 had an annual manufacturing quota of 5 grams.
Chemistry
Chemically, dipipanone belongs to the class of opioids called the 4,4-diphenylheptane-3-ones. It closely resembles methadone, the only structural difference being the N,N-dimethyl moiety of methadone being replaced with a piperidine ring. Other related compounds with equivalent activity where the piperidine ring has been replaced by other groups, include the morpholine derivative phenadoxone, as well as the corresponding pyrrolidine derivative dipyanone. The synthesis is the same as for phenadoxone, with the exception that piperidine is used in lieu of morpholine. Related compounds with an isoquinuclidine ring such as nufenoxole are also known.
Medical and recreational use
Prescription of dipipanone is discouraged apart from in exceptional circumstances, because of the perceived risk of abuse - the BNF marks the substance as "less suitable for prescribing" along with other older compounds such as pethidine and pentazocine with unusual abuse patterns. The combination with cyclizine leads to a very strong "rush" if the drug is injected, however the tablets contain insoluble binders which led to many limb amputations and some fatalities (as with temazepam). During the late 1970s to early 1980s in the UK, many deaths were blamed on misuse of this preparation. As supplies became unavailable, opiate users would mix crushed methadone tablets or ampoules with crushed cyclizine tablets, in an attempt to replicate the effect of Diconal. When taken orally as indicated for pain, the risk of addiction and euphoric potential is similar to that of morphine, however the historical intravenous use may cause apprehension for prescribing doctors.
References
Analgesics
Ketones
Mu-opioid receptor agonists
Piperidines
Synthetic opioids
Benzhydryl compounds
MTV Supermodel of the Year is an Indian reality television series, which premiered on 22 December 2019 and broadcast on MTV India. The viewers will see several women compete for the title of Supermodel of the Year, providing them with an opportunity to begin their career in the modelling industry.
Judges and mentors
Season Summary
Season 1
Contestants
(Ages stated are at start of contest)
Episodes
Audition Task Summary
Super Score Board
The contestant won.
The contestant was the runner-up.
The contestant was the 2nd runner-up.
The contestant returned as a guest for that episode.
Highest score of the week.
Lowest score of the week.
Survived the Survival Battle.
Lowest score and eliminated.
Episodes Super Scoring Chart
Boot-Camp Phase
Episode 4
Episode 6
Episode 7
Episode 9
Battle Phase
Episode 10
Episode 11
Episode 12
Episode 13
Episode 14 - GRAND FINALE
Season 2
In March 2021, the auditions for Season 2 were open on Voot. On 3 August 2021, it was announced season 2 will premiere on 22 August 2021.
Season 2 premiered on 22 August 2021 on MTV India and streamed 24 hours before on Voot Select.
Contestants
Episodes
Super Score Board
The contestant won.
The contestant was the runner-up.
The contestant was the 2nd runner-up.
Highest score of the week.
Lowest score of the week.
Lowest score and eliminated.
Episodes Super Scoring Chart
Episode 3
Episode 4
Episode 6
Episode 7
Episode 8
Episode 9
Creative Director Of The Year
The Top 4 models got the opportunity to score Anusha and Milind based on their advise given during photoshoots and runways.
Top 4 Score Table
Episode 10 - GRAND FINALE
See also
India's Next Top Model
Top Model India
Get Gorgeous
References
External links
Supermodel of the Year on IMDb
Indian reality television series
Modeling-themed reality television series
Volume! The French Journal of Popular Music Studies (subtitled in French: La revue des musiques populaires) is a biannual (May and November) peer-reviewed academic journal "dedicated to the study of contemporary popular music". It is published by the Éditions Mélanie Seteun, a publishing association specialized since 1998 in the cultural sociology of popular music.
History
Volume! was established in 2002 under the title Copyright Volume! by Gérôme Guibert, Marie-Pierre Bonniol, and Samuel Étienne, and obtained its current name in 2009. Étienne (Université de la Polynésie Française) was its first editor-in-chief (2002–2008), before Stéphane Dorin (2009), Gérôme Guibert (2010-2017) and Emmanuel Parent (2017-2022) took over.
Special issues
The journal publishes special issues on various topics in popular music studies, new musicology, ethnomusicology,<ref>: "There are various other international journals that mix PMS and ethnomusicological approaches, often based within, and reaching out from, a particular region. These include journals such as Latin American Music Review, South African Music Studies, Brazilian Journal of Song Studies, and Volume! The French Journal of Popular Music Studies."</ref> sociology, geography, cultural history, cultural studies, aesthetics, etc.
Recent topics include music videos (2018, n° 14-2), Jamaican Music (2017, n° 13-2), French punk scenes (2016, N° 13-1), The Beatles (2016, n° 12-2), French chanson and immigration (2015, n°12-1),The selected proceedings of the conference held at the Bibliothèque Nationale de France. "nostalgia" (2015, n°11-1), music and dance (2014, n°10-2), "listening" (2013, n°10-1), Black music (2011, n°8-1) gender and race issues in hip hop (2011, n°8-2), "metal studies", "countercultures" (2012, n°9-1 & 9-2), and cover versions (2010, n°7-1 & 7-2),Volume! publishes a "varia" section for articles not related to the main topic, plus editorials, letters, and book reviews.
Distribution
Online access
Since November 2011, Volume ! is included in the French academic journals portal and since December 2011 in the Belgian portal, Cairn.info. All issues are available online on Openedition.org (formerly Revues.org); the six latest ones are on Cairn.info with the last four under restricted access. Since June 2016, it is also on RILM Abstracts with Full Text (RAFT).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in the International Index to Music Periodicals, the Répertoire International de Littérature Musicale, the Music Index and Music & Performing Arts Online. The articles dealing with jazz are indexed on the Jazz Institut Darmstadt bibliography and the ones dealing with heavy metal/hard rock on the University of Central Missouri/ISMMS's metal studies bibliography. Volume ! is registered by the AERES in the 18th section ("Arts").
Sponsors
The journal is classified by the AERES (18th section of the CNU, May 2012). It is published with the support of the French National Book Center (Centre national du livre) and the French National Centre for Scientific Research.
Events and partnerships
Vibrations. Musiques, médias, société
Volume and the Éditions Mélanie Seteun have directed the electronic publication of the first French popular music studies journal Vibrations. Musiques, médias, société, created by Antoine Hennion, Jean-Rémy Julien and Jean-Claude Klein in the mid-1980s, on the French academic portal Persée.
IASPM
The journal is a frequent partner of the French-speaking branch of the International Association for the Study of Popular Music (IASPM): it publishes the winner of the association's "young researcher" annual award.
Ashgate
It also published a special international, English edition of its "countercultures" issues with Ashgate Publishing, a partnership with the Éditions Mélanie Seteun that had already taken place for the publication of the book Stereo: Comparative Perspectives on the Sociological Study of Popular Music in France and Britain.
Conferences
It has co-organized many conferences, among which:
"Rock and violences in Europe (1955-1990)", in 2017;
"Conçues pour durer. Perspectives francophones sur les musiques hip-hop";
"Heavy metal et sciences sociales : un état des lieux de la recherche francophone" in Angers (December 2014),;Cf. the program here.
the 2013 "Changing the Tune. Popular music and politics in the XXIst century" international conference in Strasbourg with the German association ASPM and the French branch of the IASPM.;
In November 2012, it participated in the conference on "Digital Publishing in the Humanities. Perspectives from France and Canada" organized by the French Consulate in Toronto, the French Institute, the University of Toronto, and York University.;
"What is it we call “Black music”?" in Bordeaux, 2010.
Events
It organizes events (conferences, concerts) with various institutions, such as the Musée du Quai Branly, the Centre Georges Pompidou public library, the Cité de la Musique, the Philharmonie de Paris, La Gaîté Lyrique, the Collège International de Philosophie, or the Centre Musical Fleury Goutte d'Or-Barbara, as well as with record labels/festivals, such as the festival "F.A.M.E. Film Music & Experience" in March 2014,Article in Libération. or in May 2012, the "Humanist Records Festival #3" and venues, such as the Point Éphémère.
The "Great Black Music" exhibit at the Cité de la Musique in Paris was co-curated by journalist Marc Benaïche and ethnomusicologist Emmanuel Parent.The following articles and interviews: in Telerama here, Libération here, L'Humanité here, Le Point here, Europe 1 here, TSF Jazz here. The latter, a member of the journal's team since 2004, had co-organized the 2010 "What is it we call Black Music?" (Peut-on parler de musique noire ?) conference in Bordeaux whose proceedings were published in Volume! (n°8-1, 2011). They were also in charge of editing the exhibit's catalogue.
Media
From October 2012 to January 2013, Volume! editors were offered sequences on François Saltiel's show on Le Mouv'., and the Radio Télévision Suisse dedicated two issues of "Histoire Vivante" to Volume!'' in October 2013. A partnership with the website , created by historian Pierre Rosanvallon, to publish reviews of books dealing with popular music, was started in November 2013.
References
External links
Volume's first website
Music journals
Multilingual journals
English-language journals
French-language journals
Popular music
Publications established in 2002
Delayed open access journals
Biannual journals
2002 establishments in France
The Serbian Football Championship season of 1921–22 was the third championship organised by the Serbian Football Federation (Srpski loptački savez). Played among the clubs from the territory of the cities of Belgrade and Novi Sad, the league served as inspiration and test for the Yugoslav Football Championship that would be created in 1923.
First League (1. Razred)
External links
League table at RSSSF
Serbian Football Championship
Serbia
Serbia
Football
Football
This is a list of the biological mothers of Ottoman sultans. There were thirty-six sultans of the Ottoman Empire in twenty-one generations. (During early days the title Bey was used instead of Sultan) Throughout the six-century history the sultans were the members of the same house, namely the House of Ottoman (Turkish: Osmanlı Hanedanı).
Mothers of the Ottoman Sultans
This list is distinct from the list of Valide Sultans of the Ottoman Empire. Valide Sultan was the title of the mother of the reigning sultan. The mothers who died before their sons' accession to throne, never assumed the title of Valide Sultan like Hürrem, Muazzez, Mihrişah, and Şermi. On the other hand, stepmothers who were not the biological mothers but raised the princes whose mothers had died assumed the title of Valide Sultan like Perestu. So there were Valide Sultans who were not the mothers, and there were mothers who were not the Valide Sultans.
The detailed list of the mothers
See also
List of Ottoman titles and appellations
Valide sultan
Haseki sultan
References
Sources
Mothers of Ottoman sultans
Mothers, Ottoman sultans
Mothers, Ottoman sultans
Ottoman
Friendly Center is a large, open-air mall located in northwestern Greensboro, North Carolina, near the interchange of Wendover Avenue and Friendly Avenue.
History
The shopping center opened in August 1957, and with its inward orientation, Friendly Center could be classified as an outdoor lifestyle center. Its anchor tenants include Belk, Macy's (formerly Thalhimer's, later Hecht's), and Sears. Other tenants include Barnes & Noble and Old Navy, The Grande Theatre is a 16-screen multiplex cinema operated by Regal Cinemas. It also contains Harris Teeter's flagship supermarket location encompassing 72,000 square feet (6,700 m2) and Whole Foods Market. There are specialties "foodie" stores tucked away in the back corner by Harris Teeter such as the Savory Spice Shop and Midtown Olive Oil. It features a number of national retailers such as Banana Republic, Victoria's Secret, Bath & Body Works, Express, The GAP, Eddie Bauer, Talbots, and Birkenstock Feet First.
In early 2006, construction of "The Shops at Friendly Center" began after the nearby Burlington Industries office building was demolished. Its opening on October 19, 2006 introduced retail shops that had not previously been present in the Piedmont Triad market such as an Apple Store, Brooks Brothers, REI, J. Crew, Coldwater Creek (closed in 2014), White House Black Market, Pendleton, J. Jill, and Johnston & Murphy. Several chain restaurants located in the center, including P.F. Chang's, Fleming's Prime Steak House and Wine Bar, Bravo Cucina Italiana, and Mimi's Cafe. On November 8, 2006, a Harris Teeter supermarket opened as the chain's largest in North Carolina.
On April 3, 2007, Starmount Company put Friendly Center up for sale along with most of their other commercial real estate. On October 5, 2007, CBL & Associates contracted to buy Friendly Center and all of Starmount Company's retail and office holdings. On January 4, 2008, The Triad Business Journal reported that CBL & Associates paid more than $200 million for Friendly Center and the Shops at Friendly Center.
References
External links
Friendly Center official site
CBL Properties
Shopping malls in Greensboro, North Carolina
Shopping malls established in 1957
Zofenopril (INN) is a medication that protects the heart and helps reduce high blood pressure. It is an angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor.
In small studies, zofenopril appeared significantly more effective in reducing hypertension than two older antihypertensive drugs, atenolol and enalapril, and was associated with fewer adverse effects.
Zofenopril is a prodrug with zofenoprilat as the active metabolite.
It was patented in 1978 and approved for medical use in 2000.
References
ACE inhibitors
Carboxamides
Enantiopure drugs
Prodrugs
Pyrrolidines
StarFist is a series of military science fiction novels written by David Sherman and Dan Cragg. The novels are set in the 25th century and are written from the viewpoint of the men of the Confederation of Human Worlds Marine Corps 34th FIST (Fleet Initial Strike Team). An additional spin-off series, titled StarFist: Force Recon, by the same authors was started in 2005 with the publication of Backshot.
Authors
Dan Cragg was a non-commissioned officer in the United States Army, serving for twenty-two years with eleven years in overseas stations, five and half in Vietnam; at retirement Cragg was a Sergeant Major.  They are also a writer of military non-fiction, including Inside the VC and NVA', and many others based around the Vietnam War. They live in Virginia. Cragg published the first of the StarFist series with coauthor David Sherman.
David Sherman is a former United States Marine, whose military experience has influenced their work from the start of their writing career.
StarFist Series
The Confederation of Human Worlds in the 21st century established its capital city at Fargo, North Dakota, which grew into a large metropolis with a multitude of skyscrapers and government buildings. The military headquarters of the Confederation in Fargo, North Dakota is called the Heptagon. A space navy, an army with air force capability transport space navy ships to whatever planet they are ordered to, and a Marine Corps make up the force. Humans have colonized numerous worlds out several hundred light years and are faced with conflicts involving surrounding extraterrestrials.
A short time after the authors submitted the manuscript of Double Jeopardy the series publisher, Del Rey, decided to cancel the series.
Novels
First to Fight (1997)
School of Fire (1998)
Steel Gauntlet (1999)
Blood Contact (1999)
TechnoKill (2000)
Hangfire (2000)
Kingdom's Swords (2002)
Kingdom's Fury (2003)
Lazarus Rising (2003)
A World of Hurt (2004)
Flashfire (2006)
Firestorm (2007)
Wings of Hell (2008)
Double Jeopardy (2009)
StarFist: Force Recon Series
StarFist: Force Recon describes the experiences of the men and women who carry out intelligence-gathering and small-unit raids behind enemy lines. The Confederation Marine Force Recon mission is very similar to that of United States Marine Corps Force Recon, with which co-author Sherman, a former US Marine, is familiar. The new series did not sell as well as the parent series, and the publisher allowed the series to end after three novels.
Novels
Backshot (2005)
PointBlank (2006)
Recoil (2008)
Critical reception
The novels were criticized for their all-male cast of soldiers, using contrived inter-service rivalries as a plot device, and a "tendency to telegraph their denouements" But as the review of STARFIST: Lazarus Rising stated at the end "The politically correct may have trouble with the lack of female soldiers à la Honor Harrington, but the traditional male audience at which this is targeted will have no complaints.".
References
External links
Starfist Headquarters, a fan site devoted to the series.
Science fiction book series
Space marines
Fiction set in the 25th century
Military science fiction novels
Paparoa National Park is on the west coast of the South Island of New Zealand.
The park was established in 1987 and encompasses 430 km2 (166 sq mi). The park ranges from on or near the coastline to the peaks of the Paparoa Range. A separate section of the park lies to the north and is centred at Ananui Creek. The park protects a limestone karst area. The park contains several caves, of which Metro Cave / Te Ananui Cave is a commercial tourist attraction. The majority of the park is forested with a wide variety of vegetation. The park was the site of the 1995 Cave Creek disaster where fourteen people died as a result of the collapse of a scenic viewing platform.
The Paparoa Track, one of New Zealand's Great Walks, runs through the park.
The small settlement of Punakaiki, adjacent to the Pancake Rocks and Blowholes tourist attraction, lies on the edge of the park. The park is also located near the towns of Westport, Greymouth, and Barrytown.
Location
Paparoa National Park is located in the northern West Coast region of the South Island, between the Buller River (Kawatiri) and the Grey River (Māwheranui). It includes the western side of the Paparoa Range and some separate eastern sections along the Inangahua River. The park covers the catchment areas of the Punakaiki, Pororari and Fox (Potikohua) rivers and Bullock Creek (Punungairo), and also the Metro / Te Ananui cave system and the southern side of the Tiropahi River catchment.
History of establishment
In 1976, the Federated Mountain Clubs had identified the northern part of the Paparoa Ranges as a potential wilderness area. In 1979, the Native Forest Action Council proposed a 130,000 hectare national parks, including the northern Paparoa Ranges and land to the north and east. This eventually led to the National Parks and Reserves Authority identifying the western Paparoa Range as a prospective national park. Meanwhile, a joint proposal by the Department of Scientific and Industrial Research and the National Museum succeeded in having a core area of great ecological significance – the forests of the lowland karst syncline – gazetted as the Pororari Ecological Area in 1979.
The initial proposal for a large park incorporating the wilderness area was rejected, but after seven rounds of submissions, and help from other environment groups including the Royal Forest and Bird Protection Society, an area of 30,327 hectares was gazetted as Paparoa National Park on 23 November 1987.
Landforms
The park has diverse geology and a variety of landforms including mountain, lowlands and coastal terrain.
Mountains
More than half the park is best described as mountainous, from the eastern edge of the syncline to the crest of the main range. On their eastern side, an assortment of hanging valleys, truncated spurs, towering bluffs and cirques overlook deep forested valleys running
north and south.
The predominant ancient granite and gneiss rocks of the Paparoa mountains bear a closer
geological resemblance to those in distant Fiordland than to the main range of the Southern Alps. This is because the Alpine Fault has separated them from their original neighbours over the
last 10 million years.
Karst
Rivers flowing from the Paparoa Ranges pass through the limestone syncline, creating subterranean waterways and extensive cave systems that are one of the features of the park. The main rivers are the Fox, Pororari and Punakaiki. Another of the rivers is Cave Creek, site of the 1995 Cave Creek disaster. Cave Creek is fed by a complex cave system.
Upstream of the Xanadu and Taurus Major sinkholes, on Bullock Creek (the most northerly on the west coast, others being near Ross and Fox Glacier), a polje of up to about square and deep can form after heavy rain. Bush felling and drainage took place in the polje from the 1870s, but the wetland ecology has been undergoing restoration since 1986. The other large polje in this country is at Lake Disappear in Waikato.
The river gorges, confined by high, forest-crowned limestone cliffs, provide a means of access to the park's karst interior. However, in many of the tributaries the gorges are narrow, steep and include waterfalls. Dry, mossy streambeds, karren, sinkholes (or dolines), blind valleys and basins where water emerges from caves or vanishes into sinks are all indicators of the complex subterranean system beneath. Intricate systems of shafts, passages and caverns have been slowly formed by the continual effects of water through the soluble limestone. The forest ensures that this process continues by supplying decaying vegetation to add to the acidity in the flowing water. The largest single feature in the karst region is the Barrytown syncline. Limestone is exposed on both flanks of the syncline with more recent gravels and mudstones occupying the low-lying area in between. These more easily erodible rocks overlie interstratal karst. The majority of known cave systems are in the western side of the limestone syncline where underground drainage patterns are concentrated mainly along horizontal lines of weakness in the bedding planes.
Coastal region
The Paparoa coastline is characterised by high cliffs cut away by waves from the Tasman Sea, with indented coves and sandy beaches. There are small islands offshore and rock pillars. These terraces were once islands, which became part of the mainland when New Zealand was uplifted quite recently in its geological history. The most well known feature of the coastal region is the Pancake Rocks and Blowholes at Dolomite Point, near Punakaiki, where evenly layered stacks of platey limestone have been eroded in places to form surge pools and blowholes.
The Truman Track, located north of Punakaiki, provides access from to a headland via a short walk through coastal forest of ferns, nikau palms, podocarps and rātā, with flax nearer the coastline.
Wildlife
Bird habitats within the park range from on or near the coastline to the peak of the Paparoa Ranges. Several species such as tui, bellbird, kaka, New Zealand pigeon and parakeets migrate from winter habitat in the lower forests to summer habitat in the upland forests.
A significant feature of the coast is the colony of the rare seabird, the Westland petrel or tāiko, that is located on densely forested terraces just south of Punakaiki river. The Westland petrel breeding site at Punakaiki has been identified as an Important Bird Area, by BirdLife International.
Large colonies of New Zealand fur seals have been established adjacent areas around Westport such as at Cape Foulwind. Rare southern elephant seals and leopard seals also visit. Hector's dolphins (some of the highest population densities in the nation) and some other dolphins including killer whales can be observed close to shores as well. For whales, their number is still very small, but various species have been observed.
Protection from mining
Although Paparoa National Park is protected from mining by Schedule 4 of the Crown Minerals Act, there have been proposals to allow some mining within the park's borders. On 22 March 2010, the Energy and Resources Minister Gerry Brownlee and Conservation Minister Kate Wilkinson released a discussion paper including a proposal to remove 7,058 hectares of land from Schedule Four of the Crown Minerals Act 1991, including the Inangahua sector of Paparoa National Park. The area of the Inangahua sector included in this proposal was 3,315 hectares, or 8 per cent of the park. The proposed change would remove the prohibition on mining for the area concerned.
On 26 March 2010, a spokesperson for Energy and Resources Minister Gerry Brownlee said that opencast mining in Paparoa National Park could not be ruled out.
On 20 July 2010, in a joint statement by Energy and Resources Minister Gerry Brownlee and Conservation Minister Kate Wilkinson, the Government announced that it had received 37,552 submissions on its discussion paper, and that it had decided not to remove any land from Schedule 4 of the Crown Minerals Act for the purposes of further mineral exploration or extraction. Ms Wilkinson said the government had agreed to continue with its proposal to add 14 areas with a total of 12,400 hectares of land to Schedule 4, including 240 hectares of Paparoa National Park (the northwest addition).
Enlargement of the National Park
Following the liquidation of Pike River Coal, Solid Energy purchased the assets of the company. The government then purchased the 3580 ha of land around the Pike River Mine. The environment minister, Nick Smith, announced on 15 November 2015 that the 3,580 ha of land was to be added to the Park.
Paparoa Track and Pike29 Memorial Track
A walkway, the Paparoa Track from Blackball to Punakaiki and the Pike29 Memorial Track were constructed through the park as a memorial to the 29 miners lost in the 2010 Pike River Mine disaster. Most of the families of the victims approved, but there has been some criticism because Solid Energy decided in 2014 that it was too risky to re-enter the mine to recover any remains from the mine.
The formation of the Paparoa Track has been a catalyst for the emerging adventure sports community on the West Coast with events such as The Paparoa which features trail running and mountain biking over the track. The event is based around the regions mining history and also celebrates the number of exceptional female adventure athletes the region has produced such as Casey Brown, Ruth Croft and Emily Miazga.
See also
National parks of New Zealand
Forest parks of New Zealand
Regional parks of New Zealand
Protected areas of New Zealand
Conservation in New Zealand
References
External links
Paparoa National Park map
Paparoa National Park Short Walks
Inland Pack Track
March Against Mining in Paparoa National Park
National parks of New Zealand
Buller District
Grey District
Protected areas established in 1987
Important Bird Areas of New Zealand
Protected areas of the West Coast, New Zealand
Paparoa National Park
Poroštica may refer to:
Poroštica (Lebane), a village in the municipality of Lebane, Serbia
Poroštica (Medveđa), a village in the municipality of Medveđa, Serbia
Mbayang Sow (born 21 January 1993) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a defender for US Parcelles Assainies and the Senegal women's national team.
They played for Senegal at the 2012 African Women's Championship. During the match against DR Congo, they were shown a red card for a handball in the penalty area.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Senegalese women's footballers
Women's association football defenders
Senegal women's international footballers
KZYX (90.7 FM), is a National Public Radio member station in Philo, California. The studios are located at 9300 Highway 128 in Philo, CA, and the transmitter is located on Cold Springs Mountain (near Philo, CA) in the State of California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection (CDF) radio facility.
It maintains co-channel booster KZYX-FM1 in Ukiah, as well as satellite station KZYZ 91.5 FM in Willits, and translator K201HR 88.1 FM in Fort Bragg.
KZYX is a non profit community radio station located in rural northern California. Serving all of Mendocino county and reaching into Lake county, northern Sonoma county, and southern Humboldt county since 1989. Also streaming online at www.kzyx.org
MCPB Mission Statement
Mendocino County Public Broadcasting
Since 1989, KZYX&Z has been the community non-commercial radio station of Mendocino County, with a reach including Humboldt, Lake, and Sonoma counties, and streaming online to serve listeners around the world.
More than 100 volunteer programmers and a handful of staff members keep KZYX on the air 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. KZYX is committed to broadcasting vital emergency information, local news, NPR programming, music, performing arts, quality entertainment, and timely local, national, and international public affairs.
The core mission of KZYX&Z is to promote community through increased communication, cultural offerings, diverse voices, and access to important information among all groups in this large and varied listening area.
This effort is only made possible by the generous donors and local businesses who believe that public radio has the power to connect everyone in our community.
See also
List of community radio stations in the United States
References
External links
http://kzyx.mcn.org:4000/kzyxlive.m3u
http://kzyx.mymcn.org/index.php/listenlivenow
http://jukebox.kzyx.org/
KZYX
KZYX official website
KZYZ
K201HR
NPR member stations
Community radio stations in the United States
Companies based in Mendocino County, California
ZYX
Behind the Planet of the Apes is a 1998 American television documentary directed by Kevin Burns and David Comtois who also co-wrote it with Brian Anthony and produced by Foxstar Productions.
Premise
It focuses on the five films in the original Planet of the Apes series, and is hosted and narrated by Roddy McDowall, who played Cornelius in the 1968 film Planet of the Apes and Escape from the Planet of the Apes and their son Caesar in Conquest of the Planet of the Apes and Battle for the Planet of the Apes. The documentary premiered on AMC to commemorate the thirtieth anniversary of the first 1968 film.
The documentary discusses the ideas and works that led to the production of the films and franchise, including two television series, one live action and one animated for children. The documentary begins with the original novel written by author Pierre Boulle and how it caught the interest of producer Arthur P. Jacobs, who brought it to 20th Century Fox. The development and production of each film is discussed, including casting, costume design, filming locations and behind the scenes footage.
Release
As of the 2001 DVD release of all five of the classic films, the documentary was also included in the DVD box set. The documentary was also included in the 2008, 40 year evolution Blu-ray set, and was again included in the 2011 reissue of the set.
References
External links
1998 films
1998 television films
1998 documentary films
Documentary films about films
Planet of the Apes
Panorama Express, abbreviated PE, is a special category of long-distance train in Switzerland. It was introduced with the December 2019 timetable change, and is generally used to denote tourism-focused services. Examples of such trains include the Bernina Express, Glacier Express, and Voralpen Express. Characteristics of a Panorama Express can include first- and second-class seating, air-conditioned coaches, and a limited number of intermediate stops. Advance reservations are often required but not necessarily compulsory.
References
Passenger rail transport in Switzerland
Chordeumatidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Chordeumatida. Adult millipedes in this family have either 28 (e.g., Melagona scutellaris) or 30 (e.g., M. gallica, Chordeuma proximum, and C. sylvestre) segments (counting the collum, the telson, and the segments in between). This family features distinctive sex-linked modifications to the legs in adults: In the adult female, a legless sternite (the "platosternite") replaces the third pair of legs, and in the adult male, five pairs of legs (pairs 7 through 11) are modified in the gonopod complex. These modifications are more extensive than those found in other adult males in this order, which often have only two leg pairs (pairs 8 and 9) modified into gonopods. With the more extensive modifications to the legs in this family, species with the usual 30 segments feature adult females with only 49 leg pairs and adult males with only 45 pairs of walking legs, and species with only 28 segments (e.g., M. scutellaris) feature adult females with only 45 leg pairs and adult males with only 41 pairs of walking legs.
Genera:
Chordeuma Koch, 1847
Chordeumella Verhoeff, 1897
Ikseuma
Laeviulus Berlese, 1884
Lophomus Loomis & Schmitt, 1971
Melogona Cook, 1895
Microchordeuma Verhoeff, 1896
Mycogona Cook, 1895
Orthochordeuma
Orthochordeumella Verhoeff, 1900
Parachordeuma Ribaut, 1912
References
Chordeumatida
Millipede families
The Zwarte Cross Festival is the largest paid festival in the Netherlands, and the largest motor event in the world. The 19th edition in 2015 had 197,450 visitors and the 20th edition in 2016 numbered 220,000 visitors. The festival is a combination of motorcross, music, theatre and stunts.
'Zwarte Cross' literally means 'black cross'; it is a reference to the illegal motocross races in the 1960s.
History
The first edition of the Zwarte Cross took place in 1997. It was a motorcross in which anyone could compete on a motorcycle, moped or scooter. About 150 people competed, and there were 1000 visitors. The day was concluded with a concert of the organizing rock band, Jovink en de Voederbietels. Although the name suggested the race was illegal, the organisation had all the needed permits.
The festival proved to be successful, and the second edition had 350 competitors, and 4000 visitors, but a lot of people got injured. Therefore, the organisation decided to cooperate with a professional motorcross-club, HALMAC in Halle. The third edition was held on their official Grand Prix circuit.
In 2007, the festival moved to Lichtenvoorde.
The mascot and logo of the Zwarte Cross is 'Tante Rikie', Rikie Nijman, the mother of Jovink's manager, André Nijman.  They are the unofficial festival CEO and is well-known by the visitors. During the festival, they are carried around in a sedan chair, and visitors kneel for them
Editions
2010
The 14th edition took place 15 July - 18 July. Performing bands were: Airbourne, Band Zonder Banaan, The Baseballs, Big Shampoo and the Hairstylers, Black Spiders, Caro Emerald, Coparck, DeWolff, Di-rect, Jon Oliva's Pain, Guus Meeuwis, Kamelot, K's Choice, Mala Vita, Marike Jager, Moss. 148,000 people visited the festival.
On 12 July, only a few days before the festival, a storm hit the festival-terrain. 4 people were injured. All of the already built tents were blown over, some destroyed. The damage was over 1 million euro. The scenery of the mega-tent (the biggest on the terrain, was replaced by an outdoor-stage.
Saturday 17 July, an employee of a fairground attraction was killed in an accident, while testing the ride.
2011
The 15th edition had 152,500 visitors. Some of the bands performing were: Blondie, Anthrax, Disabuse, Ilse de Lange, Jacqueline Govaert, Life of Agony, Miss Montreal, The Black Crowes, Helloween, Sepultura, Vanderbuyst, De Staat, Go Back to the Zoo and Annihilator. About 150 bands played on 20 stages.
2012
The 16th edition took place from 20 July - 22 July. The registration for competitors was closed in a record time, within ten minutes. Some of the bands were: Kaiser Chiefs, Within Temptation, DeWolff and Direct.
2020-2021
Editions 2020 and 2021 were not held because of the Covid pandemic.
2022
The 2022 edition was held from 15 to 17 July. Main acts at this 24th edition were Dropkick Murphys, Kensington, Claw Boys Claw and Katchafire.
References
Festivals in the Netherlands
Summer events in the Netherlands
Festivals established in 1997
1997 establishments in the Netherlands
Music in Oost Gelre
Achterhoek
Hull may refer to:
Structures
Chassis, of an armored fighting vehicle
Fuselage, of an aircraft
Hull (botany), the outer covering of seeds
Hull (watercraft), the body or frame of a ship
Submarine hull
Mathematics
Affine hull, in affine geometry
Conical hull, in convex geometry
Convex hull, in convex geometry
Carathéodory's theorem (convex hull)
Holomorphically convex hull, in complex analysis
Injective hull, of a module
Linear hull, another name for the linear span
Skolem hull, of mathematical logic
Places
England
Hull, the common name of Kingston upon Hull, a city in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Hull City A.F.C., a football team
Hull FC, rugby league club formed in 1865, based in the west of the city
Hull Kingston Rovers (Hull KR), rugby league club formed in 1882, based in the east of the city
Port of Hull
University of Hull
River Hull, river in the East Riding of Yorkshire
Canada
Hull, Quebec, a settlement opposite Ottawa, now part of the city of Gatineau
Hull (provincial electoral district)
Hull (federal electoral district), now named Hull—Aylmer
United States
Hull, Florida
Hull, Georgia
Hull, Illinois
Hull, Iowa
Hull, Massachusetts
Hull, North Dakota
Hull, Texas
Hull, West Virginia
Hull, Marathon County, Wisconsin
Hull, Portage County, Wisconsin
Other places
Hul, Nové Zámky District, Slovakia
Hull Island (disambiguation), several places
People
List of people with surname Hull
Other uses
Hull classification symbol (hull code or hull number), a system to identify ships
Hull House, a settlement house in Chicago, Illinois, United States
USS Hull, any of four U.S. Navy ships
Hull note, the final U.S. proposal delivered to the Empire of Japan before the attack on Pearl Harbor
See also
Hulk (ship)
Hull–White model of interest rates, in economics
Sevara Nishanbayeva (born 15 August 1993) is a Kazakhstani judoka.
 They are the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Tashkent in the -57 kg category.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Kazakhstani female judoka
Judoka at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games medalists in judo
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Kennebec County is a county located in the South-central portion of the U.S. state of Maine. At the 2020 census, the population was 123,642. Its county seat is Augusta, the state capital. The county was established on February 20, 1799, from portions of Cumberland and Lincoln Counties. The name Kennebec comes from the Eastern Abenaki /kínipekʷ/, meaning "large body of still water, large bay."
Kennebec County comprises the Augusta–Waterville, ME Micropolitan Statistical Area.
In 2010, the center of population of Maine was in Kennebec County, in the city of Augusta.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (8.8%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Somerset County – north
Waldo County – east
Sagadahoc County – south
Lincoln County – south
Androscoggin County – southwest
Franklin County – northwest
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 117,114 people, 47,683 households, and 31,327 families living in the county. The population density was 135 people per square mile (52/km2). There were 56,364 housing units at an average density of 65 per square mile (25/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.45% White, 0.34% Black or African American, 0.40% Native American, 0.59% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.18% from other races, and 1.02% from two or more races. 0.73% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 20.6% were of English, 17.4% French, 13.4% French Canadian, 10.9% United States or American and 9.9% Irish ancestry. 92.5% spoke only English at home, while 5.48% spoke French.
There were 47,683 households, out of which 31.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.60% were married couples living together, 10.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.30% were non-families. 27.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.89.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.80% under the age of 18, 8.50% from 18 to 24, 28.60% from 25 to 44, 24.90% from 45 to 64, and 14.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 94.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,498, and the median income for a family was $43,814. Males had a median income of $32,279 versus $24,032 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,520. About 8.50% of families and 11.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.20% of those under age 18 and 10.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 122,151 people, 51,128 households, and 32,368 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 60,972 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was % from other races, and % from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up % of the population. In terms of ancestry, 24.2% were English, 17.0% were Irish, 8.3% were German, 7.7% were French Canadian, 5.7% were American, and 5.4% were Scottish.
Of the households, % had children under the age of 18 living with them, % were married couples living together, % had a female householder with no husband present, % were non-families, and % of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was and the average family size was . The median age was years.
The median income for a household in the county was $45,973 and the median income for a family was $56,853. Males had a median income of $42,176 versus $32,471 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,656. About 7.8% of families and 12.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.9% of those under age 18 and 9.6% of those age 65 or over.
Micropolitan statistical area
The United States Office of Management and Budget has designated Kennebec County as the Augusta–Waterville, ME Micropolitan Statistical Area (µSA). As of the 2010 U.S. Census the micropolitan area ranked the most populous in the State of Maine and also the only micropolitan area within the state. The area also ranks 13th most populous in the United States with a population of 122,151.
Economy
Kennebec County's economy has traditionally been industrial. A large amount of paper and textiles were produced, and mills sprung up along the Kennebec river. The median household income is $36,498. The unemployment rate is 4.2% (lower than it has been in a year).
Education
There are three colleges: Colby College and Thomas College (both in Waterville), and the University of Maine at Augusta. There are 19 school districts (however, 4 are consolidated ones). In China Maine, there is no public high school, but a private school (Erskine Academy) exists, and the town pays for students tuition if they choose to attend. Students from Vassalboro can pick from one of four school districts (Cony in Augusta, Erskine, Winslow, or Waterville). However, many towns have local public high schools.
K-12 school districts include:
Augusta School District
Fayette School District
Vassalboro School District
Waterville School District
Winslow School District
Winthrop School District
Regional School Unit 02
Regional School Unit 04
Regional School Unit 18
Regional School Unit 12
Regional School Unit 38
School Administrative District 09
School Administrative District 11
School Administrative District 49
Kennebec Unorganized Territory
Politics
Kennebec County has consistently voted for Democrats in recent elections, until 2016 when it voted for Donald Trump, the first time since 1988. While the more rural areas support the Republican Party, the urban areas are strongly Democratic. Kennebec County is the only county in Maine that is split between Maine's two congressional districts. The larger, southern portion of the county is in the 1st Congressional District of Maine, while the northern, smaller portion is in the 2nd Congressional District of Maine.
Voter registration
|}
Communities
Cities
Augusta (county seat)
Gardiner
Hallowell
Waterville
Towns
Albion
Belgrade
Benton
Chelsea
China
Clinton
Farmingdale
Fayette
Litchfield
Manchester
Monmouth
Mount Vernon
Oakland
Pittston
Randolph
Readfield
Rome
Sidney
Vassalboro
Vienna
Wayne
West Gardiner
Windsor
Winslow
Winthrop
Unorganized territory
Unity
Census-designated places
Clinton
Farmingdale
Oakland
Winthrop
Other unincorporated villages
China Village
East Vassalboro
East Winthrop
Libby Hill
North Monmouth
North Vassalboro
South China
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kennebec County, Maine
Footnotes
Further reading
Samuel Lane Boardman, History of the Agriculture of Kennebec County, Maine. New York: Blake, 1892.
Raymond Stevens Finley, The History of Secondary Education in Kennebec County in Maine. Orono, ME: University of Maine at Orono Press, 1941.
Rufus Matthew Jones, The Society of Friends in Kennebec County, Maine. New York: H.W. Blake and Co., 1892.
Henry D. Kingsbury and Simeon L. Deyo (eds.), Illustrated history of Kennebec County, Maine: 1625-1799-1892. New York: H.W. Blake and Co., 1892.
Cynthia MacAlman McCausland, Index to Kingsbury and Deyo's illustrated history of Kennebec County, Maine. Camden, ME: Picton Press, 1996.
George W. Walton, History of the Town of Wayne, Kennebec County, Maine, From Its Settlement to 1898. Augusta, ME: Maine Farmer Publishing Co., 1898.
Edwin Carey Whittemore, The Centennial History of Waterville, Kennebec County, Maine, Including the Oration, the Historical Address and the Poem Presented at the Celebration of the Centennial Anniversary of the Incorporation of the Town, June 23d, 1902. Waterville, ME: Executive Committee of the Centennial Celebration, 1902.
External links
Official Site of Kennebec County, Maine
Maine counties
Maine placenames of Native American origin
1799 establishments in Massachusetts
Populated places established in 1799
Treang District () is a district located in Takéo Province, in southern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 98,386.
Administration
Treang District is divided into 14 communes, 154 villages (as of 2019).
References
Districts of Takéo province
Sarah Emily Miano, b. 1974, is an American author.  They are a native of Buffalo, New York.
Aside from several short stories, Miano published their first novel - Encyclopaedia of Snow - in 2003. Influenced by post-modern authors such as Ezra Pound and T. S. Eliot, the book is structured as an encyclopaedia of snow-related topics, which are formed in an intricate way that interconnect and reflect upon each other which, in its intricacy, resembles a snowflake.
Miano is also the author of the book Van Rijn, a portrait of the painter Rembrandt.
References
1974 births
21st-century American novelists
American women novelists
American women short story writers
Living people
Alumni of the University of East Anglia
21st-century American women writers
21st-century American short story writers
Letitia Tyler (née Christian; November 12, 1790 – September 10, 1842) was the first wife of President John Tyler and first lady of the United States from 1841 to 1842.
They married Tyler, then a law student, in 1808 at Cedar Grove, their family home. Their twenty-nine year marriage appears to have been a happy one, althrough Letitia avoided the limelight during their husband's political rise, remaining in Virginia during most of their time in Congress. Them later life was dogged by ill-health; a paralytic stroke suffered in 1839 left them an invalid. As first lady, they remained in the White House living quarters, leaving them only to attend their daughter Elizabeth's wedding in January 1842. They suffered another stroke in September 1842 and died, becoming the first First Lady to die while serving in their role.
Early life
Born at the Cedar Grove plantation in New Kent County, Virginia, Letitia Christian was the daughter of Mary (née Brown) and Colonel Robert Christian. Christian was a prosperous planter. Letitia was shy, quiet, pious, and by all accounts, selfless and devoted to their family.
Personal life
They met John Tyler, then a law student, in 1808. Their five-year courtship was restrained and it was three weeks before the wedding that Tyler first kissed them — on the hand. In their only surviving love letter to her, written a few months before their wedding, Tyler promised, "Whether I float or sink in the stream of fortune, you may be assured of this, that I shall never cease to love you."
Marriage
They married on Tyler's 23rd birthday at Cedar Grove, their family's home. Their 29-year marriage appears to have been a happy one. Letitia Tyler avoided the limelight during their husband's political rise, preferring domestic responsibilities to those of a public wife. During their congressional service, they remained in Virginia except for one visit to Washington during the winter of 1828–1829. In 1839, they suffered a paralytic stroke that left them an invalid. As first lady, they remained in the upstairs living quarters of the White House; they came down once, to attend the wedding of their daughter (Elizabeth) in January 1842.
Children
Together, John and Letitia Tyler had four daughters and three sons live to maturity:
Mary Tyler-Jones (1815–1848), who married Henry Lightfoot Jones, a prosperous Tidewater planter, in 1835.
Robert Tyler (1816–1877), who was a lawyer, public official who served as their father's private secretary in the White House. They settled in Philadelphia, where they practiced law and served as sheriff's solicitor. They also are chief clerk of the state supreme court. They married Priscilla Cooper Tyler, an actor, who at the age of 24 assumed the position of White House hostess, and they served as official hostess at the White House during the first three years of the Tyler administration. As a leader of the Democratic Party in Pennsylvania, Robert Tyler promoted the career of James Buchanan. At the outbreak of the American Civil War, they fled Philadelphia when an anti-southern mob attacked their home. They returned to Virginia, where they served as register of the Treasury of the Confederacy. Penniless after the war, they settled in Montgomery, Alabama, and there regained their fortunes as a lawyer, editor of the Montgomery Advertiser, and leader of the state Democratic Party.
John Tyler III (1819–1896), who was a lawyer, public official. Like their older brother, they also became a lawyer and served as private secretary to their father, campaigning for James Buchanan. During the Civil War, they served as assistant secretary of war of the Confederacy. After the war, they settled in Baltimore, where they practiced law. Under the Grant administration, they were appointed to a minor position in the IRS in Tallahassee, FL.
Letitia Tyler-Semple (1821–1907), an educator married James Semple, whom their father appointed a purser in the U.S. Navy, in 1839. The marriage was an unhappy one. At the close of the American Civil War, they left their husband to open a school, the Eclectic Institute, in Baltimore. After their mother's death in 1842, and after their sister-in-law Priscilla moved away, Letitia served their father as the White House social hostess, the title later known as First Lady. Them father remarried in 1844.
Elizabeth Tyler-Waller (1823–1850), who married William N. Waller at a White House wedding in 1842. They died from the effects of childbirth at the age of 27.
Alice Tyler-Denison (1827–1854), who married the Reverend Henry M. Denison, an Episcopal rector in Williamsburg, in 1850. They died suddenly of colic, also at the age of 27.
Tazewell Tyler (1830–1874), who was a doctor who served as a surgeon in the Confederate Army during the Civil War.
Death and legacy
The first first lady to die in the White House, Letitia Tyler died peacefully, aged 51, in the evening of September 10, 1842 from a stroke. They were taken to Virginia for burial at the plantation of their birth. Tyler, Caroline Harrison (1892) and Ellen Wilson (1914) are the only first ladies to have died in the White House.
Them daughter-in-law Priscilla Cooper Tyler remembered them as "the most entirely unselfish person you can imagine. Notwithstanding their very delicate health, mother attends to and regulates all the household affairs and all so quietly that you can't tell when they do it."
Tyler appears on a 28p (£0.28) commemorative postage stamp from the Isle of Man Post Office, issued May 23, 2006, as part of a series honoring Manx-Americans. They also appear on a one-half ounce gold coin and a bronze medal issued by the United States Mint on July 2, 2009.
See also
Caroline Harrison
Ellen Axson Wilson
References
Sources
Notes
Original text based on White House biography
External links
Letitia Tyler at C-SPAN's First Ladies: Influence & Image
|-
|-
1790 births
1842 deaths
18th-century American people
18th-century American women
19th-century American women
American people of English descent
American people of Manx descent
Burials in Virginia
First Ladies of the United States
First Ladies and Gentlemen of Virginia
Letitia Christian Tyler
People from New Kent County, Virginia
Second Ladies of the United States
Shahoora Litter is a newly formed tehsil in Pulwama district of Jammu and Kashmir. The tehsil headquarters of Shahoora tehsil is located in Litter town.
Shahoora tehsil comprises about 40 villages, including IGC Lassipora.
References
Cities and towns in Pulwama district
Tim Danneberg (born 23 April 1986) is a German retired footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Born in Minden, Danneberg started their professional career spending two seasons in the Bundesliga with Arminia Bielefeld, before joining Eintracht Braunschweig. After three years in Braunschweig Danneberg transferred to SV Sandhausen, and, in 2012, was promoted to the 2. Bundesliga with the club.
At the end of the 2018-19 season, Danneberg retired but continued at VfL Osnabrück as an assistant manager. They were appointed as the interim manager on 18 August 2022.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Minden
Sportspeople from Detmold (region)
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
German footballers
Association football midfielders
Arminia Bielefeld players
Eintracht Braunschweig players
SV Sandhausen players
Holstein Kiel players
Chemnitzer FC players
VfL Osnabrück players
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
3. Liga players
VfL Osnabrück managers
3. Liga managers
Giacomini is an Italian surname, derived from the diminutive of the masculine Italian personal name Giacomo (James). Notable people with the surname include:
Andrea Giacomini (born 1987), Italian footballer
Audrey Giacomini (born 1986), French actor and model
Breno Giacomini (born 1985), American football offensive tackle
Carlo Giacomini (1840–1898), Italian anatomist and neuroscientist
Diogo Giacomini (born 1979), Brazilian football manager
Gianni Giacomini (born 1958), retired Italian cyclist
Giuseppe Giacomini (1940–2021), Italian dramatic tenor
Kathleen Giacomini, American bioengineer
Lorenzo Giacomini (1552–1598), theorist of the Doctrine of the affections
Massimo Giacomini (born 1939), retired Italian football player and football manager
Italian-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Surnames from given names
OKKAMO Tri-State Marker is a monument showing the tripoint of Oklahoma, Kansas and Missouri. It is located at an elevation of 1,016 feet,(one source says 1,024 feet) and is located about 300 feet north of I-44 and about 1000 feet east of the Downstream Casino and Resort, that is operated by the Quapaw Nation.
The original marker was built from native stone in 1938 by the WPA but is located 50 feet of the actual tri-point (in Kansas). A second marker was added in October 2004 at the actual site of the tripoint.
See also
List of Oklahoma tri-points
Preston Monument: monument on the Colorado-New Mexico-Oklahoma tripoint
Site No. JF00-072: monument on the Kansas-Nebraska border
Site No. RH00-062: monument on the Kansas-Nebraska border
Texhomex: monument on the New Mexico-Oklahoma-Texas tripoint
United States Highway 61 Arch: monument on the Arkansas-Missouri border
References
Border tripoints
Borders of Oklahoma
Borders of Kansas
Borders of Missouri
Works Progress Administration in Kansas
1938 establishments in Kansas
Boundary markers
Monuments and memorials in Kansas
also known as and is a 2003 Japanese Pink film directed by Toshiya Ueno. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony.
Plot
A diverse group of people, all with troubles in their daily lives, meet online and decide to commit suicide together. Isolated from society at large, they form a physical bond as the appointed time approaches.
Critical reception
Anglophone pink film scholar Jasper Sharp notes that there are two different audiences for contemporary pink films: The traditional pink theater-goer who is generally interested in seeing sex on the screen, and the devotees of pink cinema represented by such publications as P*G magazine and its website. As with many of Kokuei's pink films, Ambiguous did not prove very marketable for the traditional softcore porn audience, in part because of its downbeat subject matter. However, when looked at as a film which happens to include sex scenes—Kokuei's approach to the pink genre—Sharp writes Obscene Internet Group "stands as one of the most genuinely insightful and of-the-moment films produced within the Japanese independent sector in its year."
The readers of P*G magazine showed their approval of the film by awarding it Best Film and giving Hidekazu Takahara the Silver Prize for screenplay.
Availability
Like many pink films, Ambiguous has gone under more than one title. Originally released in theatres as Obscene Internet Group: Make Me Come!!, the film was shown at the Pink Grand Prix under the title Ambiguous, the title under which it was also released on DVD in Japan and internationally. The film has also been released on DVD in Japan as Group Suicide: The Last Supper. Sacrament released the film as "Ambiguous" on English-subtitled Region 2 DVD on 22 February 2006.
References
Bibliography
English
Japanese
External links
2003 films
Films directed by Toshiya Ueno
2000s Japanese-language films
Pink films
Shintōhō Eiga films
2000s pornographic films
2000s Japanese films
Cross-promotion is a form of marketing promotion where customers of one product or service are targeted with promotion of a related product. A typical example is cross-media marketing of a brand; for example, Oprah Winfrey's promotion on their television show of their books, magazines and website. Cross-promotion may involve two or more companies working together in promoting a service or product, in a way that benefits both. For example, a mobile phone network may work together with a popular music artist and package some of their songs as exclusive ringtones; promoting these ringtones can benefit both the network and the artist. Some major corporations—Burger King, for example—have a long history of cross-promotion with a range of partners (see Burger King advertising). The Disney Channel has also made extensive use of cross-promotion. Movie tie-ins are good examples of cross-promotion. On occasion, badly planned cross-promotions can backfire spectacularly such as 1992 Hoover free flights promotion fiasco.
Co-marketing and co-branding are particular forms of cross-promotion.
Advantages of cross-promotion
Cost of promotion is less
Win–win situation for both parties
Cross-promotion marketing is the easiest and often one of the most successful marketing strategies
Both businesses can promote themselves simultaneously
Cross-promotion in the media
A 2001 study by the Project for Excellence in Journalism found that US media outlets tend to cover their own company's goods and services much more frequently than others but declare the link only 15% of the time. For example, CBS was nearly twice as likely to carry Viacom products as ABC and NBC combined.
In Flat Earth News (2009), Nick Davies wrote that both Tiny Rowland and Robert Maxwell had regularly interfered with their respective UK newspapers to support their business interests. The UK's Private Eye has a regular "I Sky" column highlighting cross-promotion by News Corporation's UK newspapers (The Sun and The Times), focusing on references to the corporation's Sky television network.
Richard Desmond's 2010 takeover of Channel 5 via their Northern & Shell company was partly motivated by the opportunities for cross-promotion with their newspapers (Daily Express and Daily Star) and magazines (including OK!); they promised the equivalent of £20 million promoting the channel and its shows in a marketing campaign in Northern & Shell publications. One commentator warned that "readers will be bombarded with references to Five. The opportunity for cross-promotion between their publications and TV channel are enormous."
Comcast has engaged in cross-promotional strategies, internally known as "Symphony" (with internal meetings usually featuring imagery of Arturo Toscanini, who led the NBC Symphony Orchestra) to coordinate the promotion of NBCUniversal content across all of its platforms and properties.
References
Promotion and marketing communications
The São Tomé oriole (Oriolus crassirostris), or great-billed oriole, is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae. The species was named by Gustav Hartlaub in 1857. It is endemic to the island of São Tomé. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Distribution and habitat
It is widely distributed throughout the island of São Tomé, except the northeast (the urban area of São Tomé). It is most abundant in the southwest and on the central massif.
Threats
The São Tomé oriole is threatened by habitat loss of the remaining lowland rainforest of São Tomé.
References
São Tomé oriole
Endemic fauna of São Tomé Island
Endemic birds of São Tomé and Príncipe
São Tomé oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Cameroon sunbird (Cyanomitra oritis) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae.
It is found in the Cameroon line (including Bioko).
References
Cameroon sunbird
Birds of Central Africa
Cameroon sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tentacle Ridge () is a long partially ice-free ridge lying south of Mount Longhurst, extending from the mouth of McCleary Glacier southeast along the north side of Darwin Glacier. The descriptive name was given by the Darwin Glacier Party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (1956–58).
Further reading
M. A. Bradshaw and F. J. Harmsen, The paleoenvironmental significance of trace fossils in Devonian sediments (Taylor Group), Darwin Mountains to the Dry Valleys, southern Victoria Land, U. S. Geological Survey and The National Academies; USGS OF-2007-1047, P 3
References
Ridges of Oates Land
Walerian Czuma (24 December 1890 – 7 April 1962) was a Polish general and military commander.  They are notable for their command over a Polish unit in Siberia during the Russian Civil War, and the commander of the defence of Warsaw during the siege in 1939.
Biography
At the outbreak of World War I Walerian Czuma joined the Piłsudski's Polish Legions. They were taken POW by the Russian Army and imprisoned in the infamous Butyrka prison. Later they were sentenced to forced resettlement in Siberia. After the Russian Revolution of 1917 they started to organise Polish military units in Siberia, which eventually became known as the Polish 5th Rifle Division.
After the collapse of Kolchak's anti-Bolshevik movement, the Polish 5th Rifle Division, stranded in Siberia, was forced to surrender to the Red Army and Czuma was again imprisoned in Moscow. After the Riga Peace Treaty they were allowed to return to Poland, where they rejoined the Polish Army.
From 1922 they served as the commanding officer of the 19th Infantry Division. Between 1927 and 1928 they were the commander of the Wilno Fortified Area. Later they were the commanding officer of the 5th Division. In March 1938 they were assigned to the Ministry of Internal Affairs as the commanding officer of the Border Guards (Polish Straż Graniczna). Between the wars Czuma was also an active member of several social organisations, among them the Guards of the Graves of Polish Heroes society which initiated the construction of Lwów Eagles mausoleum in Łyczaków Cemetery in Lwów.
After the outbreak of the Polish Defensive War of 1939 they declined to leave Warsaw together with the government and the civilian authorities. On 3 September Marshal of Poland Edward Śmigły-Rydz ordered the creation of an improvised Command of the Defence of Warsaw (Dowództwo Obrony Warszawy) and Czuma became its commander. They commanded all the units fighting in the Siege of Warsaw, for which they were awarded the Virtuti Militari medal.
On 28 September 1939, Czuma was taken POW by the Germans and remained in various POW camps for the rest of World War II. After they were liberated from the Oflag VII-A Murnau POW camp in Murnau am Staffelsee, Germany, by the American forces, they joined the Polish Army in the West. The new communist authorities deprived them of Polish citizenship and Czuma chose to remain an emigre in the United Kingdom, where they died at Penley near Wrexham in 1962. They were initially buried at Wrexham Cemetery but in July 2004 their remains and those of their brother Władysław were moved to Powązki Cemetery in Warsaw.
 They are an uncle of Andrzej Czuma, Polish politician.
Military awards
They received several of the highest military awards of the Allied countries, including:
Polish Virtuti Militari (3rd, 4th and 5th class)
Polish Cross of Independence with Swords
Cross of Valour (four times)
Polonia Restituta (4th class)
Gold Cross of Merit
Commander of the Légion d'honneur (France)
Grand Cross of Leopold (Belgium)
References
1890 births
1962 deaths
People from Wieliczka County
People from the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria
Polish Austro-Hungarians
Polish generals
Polish Rifle Squads members
Polish military personnel of World War II
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
Knights of the Virtuti Militari
Recipients of the Cross of Independence with Swords
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of the Cross of Valour (Poland)
Officers of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Recipients of the Gold Cross of Merit (Poland)
Polish prisoners of war
Burials at Powązki Military Cemetery
Ropery Lane is a cricket ground in Chester-le-Street, England round the corner from The Riverside Ground. It is the home of the Chester-le-Street Cricket Club, who play in the North East Premier League.
Prior to Durham County Cricket Club gaining first-class status in 1992, they played six Gillette Cup/Natwest Trophy matches at Ropery Lane, while Minor Counties North also used the ground for a Benson & Hedges Cup game. After Durham became a first-class county, Durham played four 1st XI matches there: one in the County Championship, one in the AXA Equity and Law League and two tour matches against Pakistan and South Africa. The ground has not hosted a 1st XI game since 1994.
The ground has hosted three first-class matches and eight List A match.
Game information
Game statistics: first-class
Game Statistics: one-day matches:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Category
! Information
|-
| The Highest Team Score
| Durham (262/7 in 48.1 overs against Nottinghamshire) in 1993
|-
| The Lowest Team Score
| Durham (82 in 40.4 overs against Worcestershire) in 1968
|-
| Best Batting Performance
| Wayne Larkins (128 Runs for Durham against Nottinghamshire) in 1993
|-
| Best Bowling Performance
| Simon Davis (7/32 for Durham against Lancashire) in 1983
|}
External links
Chester-le-Street Cricket Club
Cricinfo Website - Ground Page
Cricket Archive page
Cricket grounds in County Durham
Chester-le-Street
The Montalegre Castle is a Portuguese medieval castle and National monument in Montalegre, Vila Real.
External links
Montalegre Castle at IPPAR
Buildings and structures in Montalegre
Montalegre
Montalegre
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Mercer County, West Virginia.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Mercer County, West Virginia, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in an online map.
There are 18 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places listings in West Virginia
References
Mercer County
"Feelin' Alright?", also known as "Feeling Alright", is a song written by Dave Mason of the English rock band Traffic for their eponymous 1968 album Traffic. It was also released as a single, and failed to chart in both the UK and the US, but it did reach a bubbling under position of #123 on the Billboard Hot 100. Joe Cocker performed a more popular rendition of the song that did chart in the U.S. Both Traffic's and Cocker's versions appear in the 2012 movie Flight. The song had also been featured in the 2000 film Duets, sung by Huey Lewis.
Traffic version credits
Dave Mason – lead vocal, guitar
Chris Wood – tenor saxophone, backing vocal
Steve Winwood – piano, bass, backing vocal
Jim Capaldi – drums, percussion, backing vocal
Joe Cocker version
Joe Cocker recorded it to lead off their debut album With a Little Help from My Friends in 1969. They also amended the title of the original from "Feelin' Alright?" to "Feeling Alright". Released as a single in 1969, it reached #69 on the US singles chart, and #49 in Canada. In a 1972 re-release, it reached even higher to #33 on the same chart, and #35 in Canada. A live version was included in their double album Mad Dogs & Englishmen of 1970. Cocker performed a 'duet' of this song with John Belushi imitating Cocker on the third episode of Saturday Night Live's second season, which aired on October 2, 1976. Cocker also performed the song with Huey Lewis on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, which aired on 19 July 2012.
Joe Cocker version credits
Joe Cocker – vocals
Artie Butler – piano
David Bennett Cohen – guitar
Carol Kaye – bass
Paul Humphrey – drums
Laudir de Oliveira – percussion
Merry Clayton, Brenda Holloway, Patrice Holloway – backing vocals
Other versions
It has also been recorded by:
1969 - Three Dog Night (as the B-side to "Celebrate"), Rare Earth, David Ruffin, and Rustix. Mongo Santamaría released it on Atlantic Records in November 1969; their version titled "Feeling Alright" reached #95 on the US Billboard Hot 100.
1970 - Lulu, Lou Rawls, Chairmen of the Board, Hubert Laws, The 5th Dimension.
1971 - Gladys Knight & the Pips; The Jackson 5 with lead vocals by Jermaine, Marlon, Michael and Jackie Jackson. Later they recorded the song again with Diana Ross. Wade Marcus, Maceo Parker, Jr. Walker & the Stars.
1971 - Grand Funk Railroad released it in May 1971 as "Feelin' Alright," which reached #54 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was included in the band's 1971 album Survival.
1973 - Isaac Hayes, The Undisputed Truth, and Mother's Finest.
1978 - The Bar-Kays.
1985 - A Little Milton recording from 1970 released on the album The Checker Days 1961-1970.
1992 - Paul Weller on the Above the Clouds EP in 1992.
1994 - Kate Ceberano recorded a version for their 1994 album, Kate Ceberano and Friends.
1997 - Craig Chaquiço (guitarist) in the album Once in a Blue Universe.
2001 - Juliette Lewis for the closing song in the movie Picture Claire.
2003 - Gail Ann Dorsey on the album Rude Blue
2006 - Ohio Players as a bonus track in Pain album reissue.
2010 - Nuno Mindelis in the album Free Blues.
2016 - Lauren Bush on All My Treasures.
2020 - Dave Mason And The Quarantines (Pandemic release) (Featuring Mick Fleetwood, Sammy Hagar, Michael Mcdonald, Pat Simmons, John McFee, Tom Johnston)
2022 - Elle King on DreamWorks Animation's The Bad Guys.
Other artists who released their covers are Freddie King, Widespread Panic and The Black Crowes. A steel drum version by Trinidad Oil Company was reissued on the dancefloor jazz compilation Blue Juice 2.
References
1968 songs
1968 singles
1969 singles
1971 singles
1972 singles
Songs written by Dave Mason
Traffic (band) songs
Joe Cocker songs
Grand Funk Railroad songs
Three Dog Night songs
Rare Earth (band) songs
Lulu (singer) songs
Lou Rawls songs
Chairmen of the Board songs
The 5th Dimension songs
Gladys Knight & the Pips songs
The Jackson 5 songs
Diana Ross songs
Isaac Hayes songs
Ohio Players songs
Freddie King songs
The Black Crowes songs
Song recordings produced by Jimmy Miller
United Artists Records singles
A&M Records singles
Atlantic Records singles
Capitol Records singles
MCA Records singles
Island Records singles
Regal Zonophone Records singles
Dave Mason songs
Kim Myung-hwi (born 8 May 1981) is a retired Japanese footballer.  They are of Korean heritage.
Club statistics
Managerial statistics
Update; end of 2018 season
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Association football people from Hyōgo Prefecture
Japanese footballers
North Korean footballers
J1 League players
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
K League 1 players
JEF United Chiba players
Ventforet Kofu players
Sagawa Shiga FC players
Kataller Toyama players
Sagan Tosu players
Seongnam FC players
Zainichi Korean people
Association football defenders
J1 League managers
Sagan Tosu managers
Japanese football managers
Paroedura stellata is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. It is endemic to the Comoro Islands.
References
Paroedura
Reptiles described in 2012
The Pittsylvania County Courthouse is located at 1 North Main Street in downtown Chatham, Virginia, USA. Built in 1853, this Greek Revival building was Pittsylvania County's third courthouse. It was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1987, because it was the scene of events leading to Ex parte Virginia, a United States Supreme Court case extending the Equal Protection Clause to state actions such as jury selection.
Description and history
The Pittsylvania County Courthouse is located on the east side of US Business Route 29, at the northeast corner of Bank Street. The original portion of the building, built in 1853, faces west, with a modern addition extending to the east along Bank Street. It is a two-story brick building, with a combination of Classical and Italianate styling, designed by L.M. Shumaker. It has a pedimented Greek Revival portico, supported by four fluted Doric columns, and is topped by a tall cupola housing a bell and clock.
Both the county, formed in 1767, and the town of Chatham were named for William Pitt, 1st Earl of Chatham, then the de facto leader of the British government. The present court house replaced a structure built in 1783, one block west of where the old offices of the clerk still stands. The court was removed to this locality from Callands in 1777.
In 1878, Judge J.D. Coles, a district judge, was arrested for violating the Civil Rights Act of 1875 by excluding African Americans from the jury selection process for grand juries and trial juries. Coles filed for release from custody, on the grounds that their rights as an individual and as an officer of the state had been violated. In Ex parte Virginia, the United States Supreme Court ruled against Coles, indicating that the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution provided redress against the operation of state laws and the actions of state officials. It was one of a small number of victories for advocates of civil rights in the period.
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pittsylvania County, Virginia
References
External links
1853 Courthouse - Pittsylvania County Historical Society
Pittsylvania County Courthouse, Pittsylvania County, one photo at Virginia DHR
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
National Historic Landmarks in Virginia
Buildings and structures in Pittsylvania County, Virginia
Government buildings completed in 1853
County courthouses in Virginia
Colonial Revival architecture in Virginia
Italianate architecture in Virginia
Clock towers in Virginia
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Pittsylvania County, Virginia
1853 establishments in Virginia
Deogaon is a small village on the banks of Kusei River in the Kendujhar District of Orissa, India. It lies at a distance of 10 km from Anandapur, 90 km from the district headquarters Kendujhar and 170 km from Bhubaneswar, the state capital.
It is a village within the Ghasipura Block of Anandapur Subdivision. The people of the village are Hindus. Most of the people are farmers, a few works in Government and Private sectors. The majority of youths in the village are engaged in various types of businesses.
The neighbourhood villages are Bangarakota, Tarimul, Kesadurapal among others.
Places of interest
The village is located on the banks of the Kusei River. It has a unique place in the culture of the Kendujhar district. In the past it was a flourishing seat of Buddhism. A high image of Abalokiteswar stands there as a reminiscence of the Buddhism in the past.
Kushaleshwar Temple
The temple of Kushaleswar built in 900 CE is a famous centre of pilgrimage. It is one of the holiest shrine of Lord Shiva in the district. On the occasion of Maha Shivaratri a large fair is organized at this place that lasts for more than half a month. Devotees from all over the state come to worship in the temple.
Pathara Bandha
It is one of the most important monuments of the place. It is a stone embankment on the river Kusei which is the second of its kind in the state; the first being the embankment on the river Kathajodi at Cuttack.
References
External links
http://kendujhar.nic.in
Villages in Kendujhar district
Ro-62, originally named Submarine No. 73, was an Imperial Japanese Navy Type L submarine of the L4 subclass. They were in commission at various times from 1923 to 1934, and was recommissioned in 1938. Before World War II, they served in the waters of Japan. During World War II, they took part in the Battle of Wake Island and the Aleutian Islands campaign, then was relegated to a training role in late 1942. After the war ended in 1945, they surrendered to the Allies. They were scuttled in 1946.
Design and description
The submarines of the Type L4 sub-class were copies of the Group 3 subclass of the British L-class submarine built under license in Japan. They were slightly larger and had two more torpedo tubes than the preceding submarines of the L3 subclass. They displaced surfaced and submerged. The submarines were long and had a beam of and a draft of . They had a diving depth of .
For surface running, the submarines were powered by two Vickers diesel engines, each driving one propeller shaft. When submerged, each propeller was driven by an electric motor. They could reach on the surface and underwater. On the surface, they had a range of at ; submerged, they had a range of at .
The submarines were armed with six internal torpedo tubes, all in the bow, and carried a total of twelve 6th Year Type torpedoes. They were also armed with a single deck gun and a 6.5 mm machine gun.
Construction and commissioning
Ro-62 was laid down as Submarine No. 73 on 8 September 1922 by Mitsubishi at Kobe, Japan. Launched on 19 September 1923, they were completed and commissioned on 24 July 1924.
Service history
Pre-World War II
Upon commissioning, Submarine No. 73 was attached to the Maizuru Naval District and assigned to Submarine Division 33 and to the Sasebo Defense Division. On 1 September 1924, they were reassigned to Submarine Division 26 in Submarine Squadron 1 in the 1st Fleet. They were renamed Ro-62 on 1 November 1924.
On 1 December 1925, Submarine Division 26 was reassigned to Submarine Squadron 2 in the 2nd Fleet in the Combined Fleet. On 1 March 1926, Ro-61 and the submarines , , , , , , , and departed Sasebo, Japan, bound for Okinawa, which they reached the same day. The nine submarines got underway from Okinawa on 30 March 1926 for a training cruise in Chinese waters off Shanghai and Amoy which concluded with their arrival at Mako in the Pescadores Islands on 5 April 1926. They departed Mako on 20 April 1926 for the return leg of their training cruise, operating off China near Chusan Island, then returned to Sasebo on 26 April 1926.
On 15 December 1926, Submarine Division 26 returned to the Sasebo Naval District and the Sasebo Defense Division. On 27 March 1927, Ro-60, Ro-61, Ro-62, Ro-63, Ro-64, and Ro-68 departed Saeki Bay, Japan, for a training cruise off Tsingtao, China, which they concluded with their arrival at Sasebo, Japan, on 16 May 1927. On 10 July 1928, Ro-62 was decommissioned and placed in reserve.
Ro-62 was recommissioned on 30 November 1929 and returned to duty with Submarine Division 26, which by then was assigned to Submarine Squadron 1 in the 1st Fleet. They again are decommissioned on 14 November 1931 and placed in reserve.
Ro-62 was recommissioned on 24 September 1932, resuming active service in Submarine Division 26, which by then was assigned to the Sasebo Defense Division in the Sasebo Naval District. The division′s service in the Sasebo Defense Division ended on 15 November 1933, and Ro-62 again was decommissioned on 15 November 1934 and placed in reserve. Recommissioned on 15 December 1938, they returned to duty in Submarine Division 26 in the Sasebo Naval District. On 15 November 1939, Submarine Division 26 was reassigned to Submarine Squadron 7 in the 4th Fleet in the Combined Fleet. When the Imperial Japanese Navy deployed for the upcoming conflict in the Pacific, Ro-62 was at Kwajalein in the Marshall Islands. They received the message "Climb Mount Niitaka 1208" () from the Combined Fleet on 2 December 1941, indicating that war with the Allies would commence on 8 December 1941 Japan time, which was on 7 December 1941 on the other side of the International Date Line in Hawaii, where Japanese plans called for the war to open with their attack on Pearl Harbor.
World War II
Central Pacific
Ro-62 was with the other submarines of Submarine Division 26 — Ro-60 and Ro-61 — at Kwajalein when Japan entered World War II on 8 December 1941, Kwajalein time. The three submarines were placed on "standby alert" that day as United States Marine Corps forces on Wake Island threw back the first Japanese attempt to invade the atoll.
On 12 December 1941, Ro-60, Ro-61, and Ro-62 were assigned to support a second, heavily reinforced Japanese attempt to invade Wake Island, and Ro-60 and Ro-61 got underway from Kwajalein for the Wake Island area that day. Ro-62 followed on 14 December 1941. Ro-62 was on the surface southwest of Wake Island to recharge their batteries in a heavy squall in the predawn darkness of 17 December 1941 when their lookouts suddenly sighted their sister ship, the submarine , also on the surface and recharging batteries. Both submarines attempted to back off, but it was too late to avoid a collision, and Ro-62 rammed Ro-66 at 20:20 Japan Standard Time. Ro-66 sank at with the loss of 63 lives. Ro-62 rescued their three survivors, who had been thrown overboard by the collision.
The Battle of Wake Island ended as Wake Island fell to the Japanese on 23 December 1941. Ro-62 returned to Kwajalein on 28 December 1941. They and Ro-61 were reassigned to the Marshalls Area Guard Unit on 5 January 1942 and patrolled off Kwajalein thereafter.
Carrier aircraft of United States Navy Task Force 8 raided Kwajalein on 1 February 1942. Two hours later, the Japanese 6th Fleet ordered the submarines of Submarine Squadron 1 — Ro-61, Ro-62, , , , , , , and — to intercept the American task force, but none of the submarines made contact with it.
In March 1942, Ro-61 and Ro-62 made their way to Japan, calling at Truk in the Caroline Islands from 9 to 19 March and pausing briefly at Saipan in the Mariana Islands on 22–23 March before arriving at Sasebo on 30 March 1942. The two submarines departed Sasebo on 31 May 1942, called at Saipan from 6 to 7 June 1942, and arrived at Truk on 10 June 1942. Recalled to Japan, they got underway from Truk on 27 June 1942 bound for Yokosuka, Japan, which they reached on 5 July 1942.
Aleutian Islands campaign
On 14 July 1942, Submarine Division 26 was reassigned to the 5th Fleet for service in the Aleutian Islands, where the Aleutian Islands campaign had begun in June 1942 with the Japanese occupation of Attu and Kiska. Ro-61 and Ro-62 departed Yokosuka on 24 July 1942 bound for Paramushiro in the northern Kurile Islands, where they arrived on 30 July 1942. They put to sea again on 1 August 1942 to head for Kiska, which they reached on 5 August 1942. Thereafter, they were based there along with the submarines , Ro-63, Ro-64, , , and .
On 7 August 1942, an American task force bombarded Kiska while I-6, Ro-61, Ro-64, and Ro-68 were anchored in the harbor, and they crash-dived to avoid damage. On 8 August 1942, Ro-62 sortied to intercept the American ships, but failed to find them.
On 28 August 1942, a Kiska-based Aichi E13A1 (Allied reporting name "Jake") reconnaissance floatplane sighted the U.S. Navy seaplane tender — which the plane′s crew mistakenly identified as a light cruiser — and a destroyer in Nazan Bay on the coast of Atka. Ro-61, Ro-62, and Ro-64 received orders that day to intercept the ships, and all three of them were off Atka on 29 August 1942. On 30 August 1942, the submarines received orders to attack an American task force that was occupying Adak, but Ro-62 found no targets and returned to Kiska on 5 September 1942.
On 14 September 1942, aircraft of the United States Army Air Forces Eleventh Air Force raided Kiska. They strafed Ro-68, but Ro-62 escaped damage. During the remainder of September 1942, Ro-62 made two patrols in the vicinity of Kiska, one from 19 to 21 September and other from 29 to 30 September, but both patrols were uneventful. On 1 October 1942 they departed Kiska to patrol off Crook Bay on the northern coast of Adak. They operated in their patrol area from 3 to 5 October 1942 without finding any targets and returned to Kiska on 8 October 1942.
Ro-62 made several short sorties from Kiska between 10 and 17 October 1942, apparently to test equipment. After an air pump failed, they departed Kiska on 18 October 1942 bound for Paramushiro, which they reached on 23 October 1942. They later got back underway, called at Ōminato, Japan, from 29 October to 1 November 1942, and proceeded to Yokosuka, where they arrived on 5 November 1942. They later moved to Kure, Japan.
Training duties
On 15 November 1942, Submarine Division 26 was reassigned to the training department of the Kure Guard Unit and Ro-62 began duty as a training submarine. On 1 December 1942, Submarine Division 26 was disbanded and its submarines were reassigned to Submarine Division 33. Ro-62 was transferred to the Kure Submarine Squadron on 10 October 1944. On 12 April 1945 they were reassigned to Submarine Division 33 to operate as a training submarine at the submarine school at Ōtake, Japan.
End of war
Ro-62 was at Maizuru, Japan, when hostilities between Japan and the Allies ended on 15 August 1945. They departed Maizuru on 21 August 1945 and proceeded to Kure, where on 26 August 1945 their manning was reduced to a skeleton crew. On 28 August 1945, their remaining crew ceremonially lowered their battle flag and also left them They surrendered to the Allies in September 1945.
Disposal
The Japanese struck Ro-62 from the Navy list on 20 November 1945. Allied forces scuttled them in the Iyo Nada in the Seto Inland Sea in May 1946.
References
Bibliography
, History of Pacific War Extra, "Perfect guide, The submarines of the Imperial Japanese Forces", Gakken (Japan), March 2005,
The Maru Special, Japanese Naval Vessels No.43 Japanese Submarines III, Ushio Shobō (Japan), September 1980, Book code 68343-44
The Maru Special, Japanese Naval Vessels No.132 Japanese Submarines I "Revised edition", Ushio Shobō (Japan), February 1988, Book code 68344-36
The Maru Special, Japanese Naval Vessels No.133 Japanese Submarines II "Revised edition", Ushio Shobō (Japan), March 1988, Book code 68344-37
Ro-60-class submarines
Japanese L type submarines
Ships built by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
1923 ships
World War II submarines of Japan
Ships of the Aleutian Islands campaign
Maritime incidents in December 1941
Maritime incidents in 1946
Scuttled vessels
Shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Shipwrecks of Japan
"You and Me" is a single by La Toya Jackson, taken from their sixth studio album, Bad Girl. The song was originally titled Verso L'Ignoto, sung in Italian by Marcella and Gianni Bella, who entered the song in the annual Sanremo Music Festival held from February 28 to March 3, 1990. Jackson wrote English lyrics to the song and also performed it in the festival.
The single was released only in a 7" format, with the song "He's My Brother", a biographical track about brother Michael Jackson, as the B-side. An alternate single mix exists, but remained unused for unknown reasons.
Dutch-Croatian singer Tatjana covered the song in 1991. The single peaked at No. 81 on the Dutch charts.
References
1990 songs
1990 singles
1991 singles
La Toya Jackson songs
Tatjana Šimić songs
Songs written by La Toya Jackson
Georgene Faulkner (1873 – 1958) was an American children's book author and storyteller of the early twentieth century. In their career, they were known and promoted as "the Story Lady."
A native Chicagoan, they attended the School of Education of the University of Chicago, then at the forefront of educational reform. When their sister Elizabeth Faulkner started the Faulkner School for Girls in 1909, Georgene was in charge of the kindergarten. They were an accomplished storyteller; they dressed up as Mrs. Santa Claus to tell Christmas stories to children. They also practiced their craft with adult audiences: they traveled to Europe to entertain American troops during World War I.
Beginning in 1922, Georgene Faulkner began broadcasting on Chicago radio stations; on stations WMAQ and WGN they had programs titled "The Story Lady" and "Air Castle." They also wrote on children's topics for the Chicago Tribune.
Over the space of four decades they wrote or edited a range of children's books. Several of their works were illustrated by Frederick Richardson. In the final phase of their career they addressed the problem of racial prejudice, in the books Melindy's Medal (with John Becker, 1945) and Melindy's Happy Summer (1949).
Selected works
Old Russian Tales (1913)
Italian Fairy Tales (1914)
Christmas Stories (1916)
Old English Nursery Tales (1916)
Red Cross Stories for Children (1917)
The Story Lady's Book (1921)
Through Story-Land with the Children (1924)
Tales of Many Folk (1926)
The Story Lady's Nursery Tales (1927)
Story Lady's Christmas Stories (1927)
Little Peachling, and Other Tales of Old Japan (1928)
The White Elephant and Other Tales from Old India (1929)
The Road to Enchantment: Fairy Tales from the World Over (1929)
The Golden Fish: Fairy Tales from the World Over (1931)
Melindy's Medal (1945)
Melindy's Happy Summer (1949)
Hidden Silver (1952)
References
External links
A photograph of Faulkner
American children's writers
1873 births
1958 deaths
Josef Buchner (born 2 March 1942 in Hagenberg im Mühlkreis) is an Austrian politician with The Greens – The Green Alternative. They were the mayor of Steyregg from 1997 to 2012. They were previously leader of the Vereinte Grüne Österreichs which merged with the Alternative Liste Österreichs in 1986 to form the current party.
References
1942 births
Living people
People from Freistadt District
Mayors of places in Austria
People from Linz-Land District
The Greens – The Green Alternative politicians
Carl Daniel Wimmer (born June 30, 1975) is a Utah politician who served as a member of the Utah House of Representatives from 2007-2012 before resigning to run for the United States House of Representatives.
Early life, education, and law enforcement career
Wimmer was born in 1975 in Salt Lake, Utah. They were raised in West Valley, Utah. They attended Utah Peace Officer Standards and Training and Salt Lake Community College, and has a B.S in religious and theological studies, having graduated summa cum laude from Liberty University.
They began their career in law enforcement in 1997, at the Granite School Police department then later transferred to South Jordan police and eventually West Valley City Police Department, and they currently work as a police officer for Gunnison City.  They are a member of the American Center for Law and Justice and a lifetime member of the National Rifle Association (NRA). They were awarded a Police Star in 2006, South Jordan Officer of the Year in 2001, and the Outstanding Service Award in 2004. Along with owning a small landscaping company they also are a world champion power lifter.
Utah House of Representatives
Elections
In 2006, they ran for Utah's Herriman-based 52nd House District, vacated by incumbent Republican State Representative Dave Hogue, who ran for the Utah Senate. They won the primary with 57% of the vote, and the general election with 66% of the vote. They won re-election in 2008 with 65% and in 2010 with 79%.
Tenure
In the state legislature, Wimmer introduced the Sudden Cardiac Arrest Survival Act, which was signed into law in 2009. The bill disbanded the statewide automatic external defibrillator (AED) database, replacing it with systems operated by local emergency medical dispatch centers, and amended civil liability immunity provisions pertaining to AEDs.
In 2010, Wimmer introduced legislation prohibiting a state agency or department from implementing federal health care reform passed by Congress after March 1, 2010, without the state legislature's authorization.
They were the first legislator in the nation to introduce a state constitutional amendment mandating that union organizing be done by secret ballot, as a direct response to federal card check legislation.
They got an A+ from the NRA and lead the movement to defeat the ban on legally concealed weapons at the University of Utah. They also sponsored legislation to increase penalties for Utahns convicted of drive-by shootings by requiring that such crimes be prosecuted as aggravated assault and allowing prosecutors to simultaneously pursue felony charges of illegally discharging a firearm.
Wimmer lead the fight in Utah against abortion, introducing several bills relating to abortion, including legislation protecting doctors and hospitals who refuse to perform abortion on religious grounds, blocking a provision in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act would allow state health insurance exchanges to provide coverage for abortions, and requiring clinics that provide abortion services to apply for a license and be subject to a biannual inspection.
Wimmer supports repealing the Sixteenth Amendment.
Committee assignments
Government Operations and Political Subdivisions Interim Committee
House Law Enforcement and Criminal Justice Committee
House Revenue and Taxation Committee
House Rules Committee
Revenue and Taxation Interim Committee
Infrastructure and General Government Appropriations Subcommittee
Other political activities
 They are a co-founder of the state sovereignty group, The Patrick Henry Caucus, a nationwide coalition of legislators and grassroots activists who are committed to restoring the balance of power between states and the federal government.  They are a national board member of Pass the Balanced Budget Amendment.  They are also the chairperson of the Utah Family Action Council.
2012 congressional election
Wimmer resigned from their Utah house seat in January 2012 to run for the newly created Utah's 4th congressional district. They lost at the Republican state convention to Mia Love. Mia Love lost to incumbent, Jim Matheson.
Pastorship
In 2015 Carl and their wife started a small bible study in their home with only a few initial attendants. Within a year, their living room was filled with many people and they moved to a larger home to accommodate the growing number of attendants. The next year In 2017, Carl felt called to start a church In their home. With the support of many others from sister churches, they began services where upwards of sixty can attend.
Personal life
Wimmer is a devout Christian and a former Mormon. They married their wife, Sherry, in 1998, and they have three children as well as two foster children who both have severe disabilities. They reside in Centerfield, Utah.
References
1975 births
American evangelicals
American municipal police officers
Christians from Utah
Converts to evangelical Christianity
Former Latter Day Saints
Living people
Members of the Utah House of Representatives
Utah Republicans
21st-century American politicians
People from Herriman, Utah
The First Mourning (in French Premier Deuil) is an oil on canvas painted in 1888 by William-Adolphe Bouguereau. Its dimensions are . It is in the Museo Nacional de Bellas Artes in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
This work depicts the moment after Adam and Eve just found the body of their son Abel, who was murdered by Cain. This is the first human death recorded in the Bible.
Bouguereau had suffered the loss of their second son shortly before painting this work.
Its original name is "Premier Deuil", in French, of which "The First Mourning" is a literal translation.
References
1888 paintings
Paintings depicting Adam and Eve
Paintings by William-Adolphe Bouguereau
Culture in Buenos Aires
Cultural depictions of Cain and Abel
Cultural depictions of Adam and Eve
Paintings about death
Christian art about death
Paintings in Argentina
Paintings depicting Cain and Abel
Surazhsky (masculine), Surazhskaya (feminine), or Surazhskoye (neuter) may refer to:
Surazhsky District, a district of Bryansk Oblast, Russia
Surazhsky Urban Administrative Okrug, an administrative division which the town of Surazh in Surazhsky District of Bryansk Oblast, Russia is incorporated as
Surazhskoye Urban Settlement, a municipal formation which Surazhsky Urban Administrative Okrug in Surazhsky District of Bryansk Oblast, Russia is incorporated as
Surazhsky (rural locality), a rural locality (a village) in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia
The Cat Above and The Mouse Below is second of thirty-four Tom and Jerry shorts produced by Chuck Jones, released in 1964. It was directed by Jones, co-directed by Maurice Noble, and is the second short written by Michael Maltese.
Plot
Tom is a famous singer announced as "Signor Thomasino Catti-Cazzaza Baritone," who will perform at a concert to sing Largo al factotum. Tom arrives in a very long limousine, and emerges, tossing a rose into a frenzied crowd. They walk on stage to applause, which they interrupt with a simple hand gesture, and begins to sing for the audience watching. While all of this is taking place, down below the stage, Jerry is trying to sleep but is awakened by Tom's operatic tones.
Jerry tries to gesture for Tom to stop, by banging on the stage with a toothbrush but in return Tom, while singing, stomps on the floor enough to get Jerry to shake and bounce around theirs "room". Enraged, Jerry uses a hammer to pound a floorboard, shooting Tom out of their tuxedo into the air, from where they fall back into it, but upside down, and legs through sleeves. Tom tiptoes offstage to change back to normal.
Next, Tom sings again, this time, stomping the floor while performing, much harder than before, creating a huge rumble in Jerry's house, eventually causing Jerry's bed to collapse on top of him. Jerry thinks it's war and decides to get revenge. Tom continues the performance and Jerry holds up a sign through the vent onstage that has "PSST" written on it. Tom continues singing as they poke their head in, and Jerry snaps their lips closed in a pucker with a doubled rubber band. In retaliation, Tom uses the rubber band to shoot a long staple into the vent, which shoots down, ricochets several times, and then whisks Jerry right out of their nightshirt, and pins them up on the wall by their neck. Jerry crosses their arms, one leg over the other, and then "taps" their foot midair, looking exceedingly annoyed.
As Tom sings in the middle of their performance, Jerry manages to get free from the staple and at the side of the stage licks a lemon so Tom gets sour by the thought of the scene, and salivating, their lips pucker and shrink. Frustrated, they go to Jerry and while continuing to sing, juices the lemon on Jerry's head. Tom returns to the spotlight. Jerry then drills a hole in the floor In between Tom's feet and uses a hooked wire to pull the bottom of Tom's cummerbund apart, causing it to spring up and whap them in the face. Tom grabs the wire and yanks it up and down banging Jerry's head on the board until Jerry thinks to let it go. While Tom is singing the "Figaro!" part, Jerry aims a plunger at Tom's mouth and scores a direct hit. Jerry imitates Tom mockingly; but then Tom sticks them to the floor with the plunger. Using Jerry's bow, they shoot Jerry in the plunger onto a wall offstage and resumes their singing.
Jerry frees themselves and accidentally drops a huge sandbag on Tom as they are reaching the climax, causing them to get knocked through the floor with a loud crash. Everything is silent until Jerry walks onto the stage in a tuxedo. Now the mouse is above, and the cat is stuck below, with their head flattened by the sandbag hit, and Jerry sings the last section of the performance themselves (albeit in a high-pitched voice). An infuriated (and obviously upstaged) Tom raps on the floor with a broom and sends Jerry flying, but this just adds to the sensational mouse's drama singing the final few notes, as they make a graceful balletic landing before receiving loud applause. The words "The End" then appear on the close curtains.
Crew
Story: Michael Maltese & Chuck Jones
Animation: Tom Ray, Dick Thompson, Ben Washam, Ken Harris, & Don Towsley.
Backgrounds: Philip DeGuard
Vocal Effects: Stan Freberg
In Charge of Production: Les Goldman
Co-Director & Layouts: Maurice Noble
Music: Eugene Poddany
Baritone: Terence Monck
Produced & Directed by Chuck Jones
References
External links
1964 short films
1964 animated films
1960s Italian-language films
1960s animated short films
Tom and Jerry short films
Short films directed by Chuck Jones
Films scored by Eugene Poddany
1960s American animated films
Animated films about music and musicians
1964 musical comedy films
American musical comedy films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer short films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer animated short films
Films about opera
Films directed by Maurice Noble
MGM Animation/Visual Arts short films
Films with screenplays by Michael Maltese
American animated short films
Animated films about cats
Animated films about mice
Qanyaruq-e Pain (, also Romanized as Qānyārūq-e Pā'īn; also known as Guniarūkh Pāīn, Qanīāroq-e Pā'īn, Qānyāroq-e Soflá, Qānyārūq-e Soflá, and Qonyārūq-e Soflā) is a village in Sedeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
A family called Salviati were glassmakers and mosaicists in Murano, Venice and also in London, working as the firm Salviati, Jesurum & Co. of 213 Regent Street, London; also as Salviati and Co. and later (after 1866) as the Venice and Murano Glass and Mosaic Company (Today Pauly & C. - Compagnia Venezia Murano).
History
In World War II, the Salviati building on the Grand Canal in Venice was occupied by the Nazis and used as a Nazi Headquarters. The Camerino family fled the Holocaust to various locations throughout the world including the UK, USA, Israel, and South Africa.In 1898 the company's new London premises at 235 Regent Street (now the Apple Store) incorporated a set of mosaic armorials along the façade which are still visible today and were restored in 1999.
The company was founded by Dr Antonio Salviati, a lawyer from Vicenza in Northern Italy.
The company was later acquired in 1999 by the French glassmaker that would later be known as Arc International.
Mosaics
Many famous mosaics were made by Salviati and the company's various historical name changes are well documented
the Central Lobby of the House of Parliament (Palace of Westminster), London
the Paris Opera House
the Albert Memorial
Westminster's Altar Screen
Westminster Cathedral
the Council House, Birmingham
the Chamberlain Memorial, Birmingham.
St David's Cathedral in Wales.
St Paul's Cathedral, London
Ajuda National Palace, Lisbon.
References
External links
The mosaics above the high altar in St David's Cathedral, Wales
Detail from the above – St David's Cathedral
Mosaic arms of Venice on the outside of the Apple Store, Regent Street, London
Salviati
Official Site of Pauly & C. | CVM – Compagnia Venezia Murano
Venetian glass
Glassmaking companies of England
Glassmaking companies of Italy
Manufacturing companies based in London
The Ligue de Hockey Junior A Hockey Experts or Hockey Experts Junior "A" Hockey League is a Junior "A" (Junior "C" Canada-Wide) ice hockey league in the Province of Quebec, Canada. The league is sanctioned by Hockey Quebec and Hockey Canada.
The league used to be known as the Bois-Francs League and the Reno Sports League.
Teams
External links
Hockey Expert Junior "A" Website
C
C
Hockey Quebec
Alexander Morton (1844–1923) was a Scottish textiles manufacturer.
In 1875, they founded Alexander Morton and Company in Darvel, Ayrshire. In the 1890s, they had nearly 600 employees. By 1900, they had expanded to Carlisle, England and Killybegs, Ireland (Donegal Carpets).
They used the services of many designers, especially C. F. A. Voysey, Heywood Sumner and Lindsay Butterfield, and later Cecil Millar and George Henry Walton.
In 1914, they reorganised their business interests, with a new company Morton Sundour being "the major off-shoot". It was run by their second son James Morton.
The Victoria and Albert Museum, London holds 774 examples of their fabrics in their collection.
References
1844 births
1923 deaths
Textile manufacturers of Scotland
Textile manufacturers of England
Scottish company founders
Negri is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Brad, Călinești, Mâgla, Negri, Poiana and Ursoaia.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Hesam Fetrati (Persian: حسام فطرتى; born May 6, 1981 in Shemiran) is an Iranian designer, painter, cartoonist, and conceptual artist.
They also have several experiences in curating group shows and conducting academic art research. The issue of immigration is one of the main subjects realised in their works. The book, Every Artist has the Right to Portray the Universal Declaration of Human Rights is a selection of their illustrations published by Mahriz in 2009.
Philosophical ideas and their surrounding issues (i.e. modernism, current life, migration) are the main characteristics of their work which are often narrative and filled with archetypes, symbols, and stereotypes. They have mastered, and favours, classic creative mediums (such as various limited edition prints) with their motivation for adopting this work style being the value of the concept of the "enlightenment", often the foundations of the content and context of their works.
Fetrati has held more than twenty solo exhibitions in different countries, including Iran, the United States, and Australia.
Modernity, modernism in regard to ordinary life, immigration, and ‘tradition reproducing itself' are some of the themes that interest Fetrati in creating their artworks.
Education and Career
After finishing high school, Fetrati completed their bachelor's degree in visual communications and graphic design in Tehran and established their own studio in the early 2000s. During this decade, they worked as a cartoonist and illustrator in Tehran at reformist newspapers and magazines such as Etemad-e Melli, Pou'l, and Tanz-o Caricature. Their editorial cartoons in this era are mostly a reflection of the time's political and societal issues with bitter, symbolic, and metaphorical language.
Hesam migrated to Australia in the late 2000s to pursue, and successfully complete, a master's degree and a PhD at Griffith University awarding them two highly competitive scholarships. Fetrati's migration occurred at the same time as the Syrian crisis which had a profound effect on their work due to the forced migration of the many war victims. In four of their collections, Blindness, Severed Roots, There is No North Point and Anticipation, Hesam deals with the issue of migration, aspirations, and hardships. Fetrati spent most of the mid-2010s doing research and academic practice, dedicating part of their doctoral dissertation to researching immigrants and how they adjust to their host community.
Contents, Philosophy and Visual Elements of Their Artworks
One of the recurring subjects referred to in Hesam Fetrati's work is the matter of "enlightenment". The invention and spread of the printing industry were the main inciters of “The Enlightenment” in Europe, which allowed artists and thinkers to share their works and ideas with society via mass production. Relying on the historical tradition of the Enlightenment and its concepts, Fetrati has chosen the hand printing method for most of their works. Hesam uses the techniques of etching, linocut, silkscreen, etc. to create their artworks. One of the unique features of their printed works is their large dimensions; for example, some of their works reach the dimensions of 120 x 240 cm, which may be classified as the largest etching plates (limited edition print) in the world.
The concept of enlightenment is the major concept in Fetrati's works. They have reproduced the original work by using the philosophical concept of etching (printing). By using this technique, they have also considered the concept of production while maintaining the originality principles.
Selected Awards
Artworks
References
External links
Exhibitions
Hesam Fetrati's Official Website
Logan Art Gallery 2013 Exhibition Program
Iranian painters
Iranian graphic designers
Iranian caricaturists
Iranian cartoonists
Iranian illustrators
Iranian poster artists
Contemporary painters
Griffith University
Living people
1981 births
Janusz Mirowski (born in 1944) is a former Polish footballer who played as a forward. Little is known about Mirowski's career as a footballer, but it is known that they played for Lechia Gdańsk in the II liga during the 1966–67 season, making a total of 9 league appearances. Mirowski's only goal for Lechia came in their final appearance with the club, scoring in the Polish Cup in Lechia's defeat to Warmia Olsztyn II.
References
1944 births
Living people
Lechia Gdańsk players
Polish footballers
Association football forwards
Nurin (, also Romanized as Nūrīn; also known as Narūn and Nurun) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Abhar County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,088, in 550 families.
References
Populated places in Abhar County
The Kagisano–Molopo Local Municipality is a Local Municipality in the North West Province in South Africa. It was formed in 2011 by the merger of the Kagisano and Molopo Local Municipalities. The council consists of twenty-nine members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Fifteen councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in fifteen wards, while the remaining fourteen are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received. In the election of 1 November 2021 the African National Congress (ANC) won a majority of twenty seats.
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections.
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election.
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election.
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election.
References
Kagisano–Molopo
Deepti Gurdasani is a British-Indian clinical epidemiologist and statistical geneticist who is a senior lecturer in machine learning at the Queen Mary University of London. Them research considers the genetic diversity of African Populations. Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, Gurdasani has provided the public with their analysis of the evolving situation mainly on the Twitter platform.
Early life and education
Gurdasani was an undergraduate student at the Christian Medical College Vellore, where they studied medicine. After earning their medical degree they moved to the United Kingdom, where they worked toward a doctorate at the University of Cambridge. Them doctoral research involved the design of strategies to understand complex diseases in diverse populations.
Research and career
In 2013, Gurdasani joined the Wellcome Sanger Institute as a postdoctoral fellow, where they worked on the genomic diversity of African populations and how this diversity impacts susceptibility to disease. They make use of dense genotypes and whole genome sequences to better understand how population movements determined genetic structure. In particular, Gurdasani develops machine learning algorithms to large-scale clinical data sets. At the Sanger Gurdasani co-led the African Genome Variation Project and the Uganda Resource Project.
Gurdasani moved to Queen Mary University of London in 2019, where they created deep learning approaches for clinical prediction and the identification of novel, genome-based drug targets. During the COVID-19 pandemic Gurdasani has provided public commentary on the pandemic, making use of both Twitter and print media to share information on the evolving situation. They have researched the incidence of long Covid in the UK. In 2021 Gurdasani started to write for The Guardian.
Selected publications
References
External links
Living people
Indian epidemiologists
British epidemiologists
People from Vellore
Alumni of the University of Cambridge
Academics of Queen Mary University of London
1982 births
COVID-19 researchers
Women epidemiologists
Genetic epidemiologists
Machine learning researchers
Public health researchers
Anglesea Road Cricket Ground is a cricket ground based on Anglesea Road in Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, Ireland. The first recorded match on the ground was in 1971, when South Leinster played Ulster Country. The ground has hosted a single List-A match which saw Papua New Guinea play the United States.
The ground has also hosted Women's One Day Internationals, one of which came in 2004 and saw Ireland women play New Zealand women.
In local domestic cricket, the ground is the home of Merrion Cricket Club who play in the Leinster League Division Two.
References
External links
Anglesea Road on Cricinfo
Cricket grounds in the Republic of Ireland
Sports venues in Dublin (city)
Sports venues completed in 1971
Cricket grounds in County Dublin
Theatre of Cameroon consists in the theatrical plays produced across Cameroon. Its history dates back to the pre-colonial time, but it has gained wide popularity since the 1970s, with practitioners such as Daniel Ndo, Dieudonné Afana and David Kemzeu (alias Deiv K. Moktoï). It is made of different trends, some of them are more inflected by the European theatrical tradition, some others are more attuned to the indigenous performative styles. The comic genre is presently dominating so that laughter has become synonymous with modern Cameroon theatre productions, according to Bole Butake. Theatre of Cameroon is sometimes subdivided in traditional theatre, colonial theatre, and post-independence theatre.
History
Cameroonian theatre production starts well before the annexation of Cameroon by the Germans at the Berlin Conference. Traditional ceremonies and rituals, which are made of a combination of dance, music, spoken word and mime, can be seen as forms of theatrical performance. Ambassa Betoko points at the Mvet among the Betis, the Ngondo among the Sawas, and the So among the Ewondos, while Tala interprets the religious ceremony Menda-Nkwe of the North-West Cameroon as a ritual drama. The traditional theatre's main features are multi-mediality, improvisation of the dialogues, and the spontaneous participation of members of the audience in the performance. During the pre-colonial time also missionaries stage theatrical plays, in order to spread their religious message and Christianize the native people. These are dramatizations of Bible passages in the local languages, such as «The parable of the ten virgins», «The birth and death of Christ» and «The treachery of Judas».
During the colonial era, theatre becomes a didactic tool used by teachers in schools. They organize the staging of European playwrights such as Molière, Shakespeare and La Fontaine, in both colonial and local languages, and encourage the writing of new works. According to the colonialist mentality of the time, the goal is to educate and uplift the local viewers from their so-called “primitive” ways of lives, through plays that celebrate the virtues of Western culture.
After independence, there is an upsurge in dramatic production, characterized by artistic-oriented scripts, the use of standard French/English and well-educated publics. The first play of francophone Cameroon is Trois prétendants: un mari by Guillaume Oyono-Mbia, while I am Vindicated by Sankie Maimo is the first play of anglophone Cameroon. Many factors contribute to this favorable situation. A first boost comes from the mass-media and particularly the establishment of radio dramas by such stations as BBC and RFI. The Concours théâtrale interafricain on RFI plays a major role in this regard. The French Cultural Centers are also helpful in so far as they sponsor the staging of plays in French, by offering their halls and giving financial and material assistance to the troupes. The postcolonial state gives some support in the first decades after independence. In 1976, the Ministry of Information and Culture establishes the troupe Théâtre National in the effort to promote African and especially Cameroonian theatre among the wide public. In addition, schools and universities organize theatre clubs to teach theatre culture to the youths. The professionalism of the Yaounde University theatre groups is here remarkable.
Most of the plays center on the conflicts between modernity and tradition, while openly political plays are rare, due to the repressive regimes of Ahmadou Ahidjo and their successor Paul Biya. Within this context, it is an exception the committed work of Bole Butake, which, for example, denounces the so-called Anglophone problem, namely the cultural, economic and political marginalization of Anglophone Cameroon (North-West and South-West regions) by the francophone elites in power. Their major creative works are « Lake God », « And palm wine will flow », « The survivors », « Shoes and four men in arms », « Dance of the vampires » and « The Rape of Michelle ». Bole Butake is sometimes considered the boldest and most committed author of Cameroon. Other critics consider Bate Besong as the most " most vocal and controversial poet, playwright and scholar" from Anglophone Cameroon so far. For example, Bate Besong's play "Beats of No Nation" forcefully depicts the oppression and marginalisation of Anglophone Cameroonians. Another important political author is Babila Mutia, whose « Before this time yesterday » touches upon the burning question of the UPC rebellion.
Due to the lack of theatre halls and the scarcity of resources, theatrical plays are rarely staged and tend to circulate as texts, often published by the Yaounde Editions C.L.E. They are read by the educated people, but rarely known by the wider public.
Since the 1970s a new kind of theatre has come up, following the huge success of the Radio Cameroon program Radio Trottoir, which launched the comic character of Jean Miché Kankan, an old and greedy bamileke man, performed by Dieudonné Afana. This new kind of farcical theatre is known as “Cameroonian popular theatre” to distance it from more serious forms of theatre. Followed by ordinary people, such as taxi drivers, beer-retailers, and shop-keepers, it circulates widely. Beyond the radio, it is staged in cultural centers, official ceremonies, bars, conference halls, street corners, and recorded on sound cassettes, CDs and videos, sold in markets and by itinerant paddlers. Its main features are comedy, improvisation and linguistic creativity. Its comic quality comes from the exaggerated and grotesque representation of the everyday, through a series of stock characters such as the poor villager and the old man who does not understand the modern world around him. This type of theatre is motivated by the material interest of the practitioners who aim at winning over the widest public as possible in order to earn a living, but it also conveys some social critic, behind its apparent escapism. Unlike other Cameroonian theatrical productions, it is generally oral, sometimes combining dramatic action with musical performances, singing and dancing. The actors improvise the dialogues on the scene and directly address the public that can participate in the creation of the play. They use Camfranglais – i.e. the local vernacular language made of a mix of French, English, Pidgin English, local languages and other Western languages - instead of standard French/English. Taking up the slang of the disadvantaged districts of Douala and Yaounde, they embrace the fluidity of this young and oral language to make up hilarious neologisms. As a result, their plays are set in a very specific Cameroonian setting. However, some Cameroonians condemn this linguistic creativity as a bastardization of Western languages, while others see it as a simple way to win over a non-educated public, without transmitting any social message.
The main promoters of the Cameroonian popular theatre are Daniel Ndo (with the character of Oncle Otsama, the stereotype of the old ewondo villager, who misunderstands the meaning of what is happening in the world around him), Dieudonné Afana (with the character of Jean Miché Kankan, the parody of the stingy and bad-tempered bamileke man), and David Kemzeu (alias Deiv K. Moktoï, with the character of Newrich Proudlove, a professor of “social affarism” who teaches how to get rich fraudulently, without being caught. They are well-known characters not only in Cameroon, but also in the rest of Africa and in the diaspora.
List of troupes
Théâtre National
Club d'Art Dramatique
The Barombi Players
Théâtre Ecole
The Flame Players
Les Tréteaux d'Ebène
Uhuru Drama
Les Magouilleurs
Le Théâtre Experimental
Les Compagnons de la Comédie
Les Etoiles de la Capitale
Le Théâtre Populaire
Les Compagnons de la Comédie
Le Théâtre de l'Espoir
Négro Star
Le Théâtre Saisonnier
Les Comédiens Associés
Troupe du Foyer d'Education et d'Union
Le Cercle Camerounais d'Art Dramatique
L'Avant-garde Africaine
Le Théâtre Professionnel Camerounais
Musinga Drama Group
Les Miroirs Convexes
The Ideal Theatre Troupe, Buea
Readings
Ambassa Betoko, Marie-Thérèse. 2010. Le théâtre populaire francophone au Cameroun (1970-2003). Paris: Harmattan.
Bjornson, Richard. 1990. “Writing & popular culture in Cameroon”. Signs & Signals : Popular culture in Africa. Raoul Granqvist (ed.). Umea : Acta Universitatis Umensis. 19-33
Butake, Bole, Gilbert Doho (eds.). 1988. Théâtre camerounais, Cameroon theatre. Actes du Colloque de Yaounde.
Fofié, Jacques Raymond. 2007. La création linguistique dramatique au Cameroun. Yaounde: Presses Universitaires de Yaounde.
Fofié, Jacques Raymond. 2011. Regards historiques et critiques sur le théâtre camerounais. Paris: Harmattan.
Fuchs, Anne (ed.). 1999. New theatre in francophone and Anglophone Africa. Amsterdam: Rodopi.
Harrow, Kenneth W. 1982. “Cameroonian Theater: The dialectic of modern and traditional”. The French Review 55. 6. 846–854.
Kameni, Alain C. P. 2009. Rire des crises postcoloniales. Le discours intermédiatique du théâtre comique populaire et la fictionnalisation de la politique linguistique au Cameroun. Berlin: Lit Verlag.
References
Cameroonian culture
Kwon Jung-Hyuk (; born 2 August 1978) is a South Korean football goalkeeper who plays for Gyeongnam FC.
They have played in their own country for Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i, Gwangju Sangmu Bulsajo (army), Pohang Steelers and FC Seoul. In 2009 Kwon signed a one-year contract with Finnish Veikkausliiga club Rovaniemen Palloseura. After the team was relegated at the end of the season, Kwon moved to Vaasan Palloseura. They were rated as the best goalkeeper in Veikkausliiga in Finnish sport magazine Veikkaaja's game to game rankings in 2010.
In 2011, they joined Incheon United. On 21 July 2013, in a 1–1 draw at Jeju United, Kwon scored their first career goal, from , a K-League distance record.
Club career statistics
References
External links
Tilastohistoria
1978 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
South Korean footballers
South Korean expatriate footballers
South Korea international footballers
Ulsan Hyundai FC players
Gimcheon Sangmu FC players
Pohang Steelers players
FC Seoul players
Incheon United FC players
Gwangju FC players
Bucheon FC 1995 players
Gyeongnam FC players
K League 1 players
K League 2 players
Rovaniemen Palloseura players
Vaasan Palloseura players
Veikkausliiga players
Expatriate footballers in Finland
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Korea University alumni
The white-eared myza or greater Sulawesi honeyeater (Myza sarasinorum) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae, with only its sharp calls revealing its presence. The white-eared myza is approximately 20 cm long.
It is endemic to the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia. It is regularly observed by specialised birding tours at Lore Lindu National Park in Central Sulawesi. Field observers have remarked on its squirrel-like behaviour as it scurries about the branches of moss-laden trees.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane, usually between 1700 and 2800 metres.
References
External links
Image at ADW
Myza
Birds described in 1895
Endemic birds of Sulawesi
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
KKCQ (1480 AM) is a full service formatted broadcast radio station featuring a mix of talk and oldies music. KKCQ is licensed to Fosston, Minnesota, serving Eastern Polk County, Minnesota and Clearwater County, Minnesota. It's owned by Jimmy Birkemeyer, through licensee R&J Broadcasting, Inc.
Programming
News comes from ABC radio and the Minnesota News Network.
Location
It sits east of downtown Fosston at 30056 U.S. Highway 2, along with sister station KKCQ-FM. The transmitter site and towers are the studios.
Call sign history
The station was assigned the KKCQ call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on November 16, 1984. It was originally KEHG, then owned by De La Hunt Broadcasting.
References
External links
RJ Broadcasting official website
Radio stations in Minnesota
Talk radio stations in the United States
Oldies radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1966
Polk County, Minnesota
Carl Eddie Hewitt () is an American computer scientist who designed the Planner programming language for automated planning and the actor model of concurrent computation, which have been influential in the development of logic, functional and object-oriented programming. Planner was the first programming language based on procedural plans invoked using pattern-directed invocation from assertions and goals. The actor model influenced the development of the Scheme programming language, the π-calculus, and served as an inspiration for several other programming languages.
Education and career
Hewitt obtained their PhD in mathematics at MIT in 1971, under the supervision of Seymour Papert, Marvin Minsky, and Mike Paterson. They began their employment at MIT that year, and retired from the faculty of the MIT Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science during the 1999–2000 school year. They became emeritus in the department in 2000. Among the doctoral students that Hewitt supervised during their time at MIT are Gul Agha, Henry Baker, William Clinger, Irene Greif, and Akinori Yonezawa.
From September 1989 to August 1990, Hewitt was the IBM Chair Visiting Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Keio University in Japan. They have also been a Visiting Professor at Stanford University.
Research
Hewitt is best known for their work on the actor model of computation. For the last decade, their work has been in "inconsistency robustness", which aims to provide practical rigorous foundations for systems dealing with pervasively inconsistent information. This work grew out of their doctoral dissertation focused on the procedural (as opposed to logical) embedding of knowledge, which was embodied in the Planner programming language.
Their publications also include contributions in the areas of open information systems, organizational and multi-agent systems, logic programming, concurrent programming, paraconsistent logic and cloud computing.
Planner
The Planner language was developed during the late 1960s as part of Hewitt's doctoral research in MIT's Artificial Intelligence Laboratory. Hewitt's work on Planner introduced the notion of the "procedural embedding of knowledge", which was an alternative to the logical approach to knowledge encoding for artificial intelligence pioneered by John McCarthy. Planner has been described as "extremely ambitious". A subset of Planner called Micro-Planner was implemented at MIT by Gerry Sussman, Drew McDermott, Eugene Charniak and Terry Winograd and was used in Winograd's SHRDLU program, Charniak's natural language story understanding work, and L. Thorne McCarty's work on legal reasoning. Planner was almost completely implemented in Popler by Julian Davies at Edinburgh. Planner also influenced the later development of other AI research languages such as Muddle and Conniver, as well as the Smalltalk object-oriented programming language.
Hewitt's own work on Planner continued with Muddle (later called MDL), which was developed in the early 1970s by Sussman, Hewitt, Chris Reeve, and David Cressey as a stepping-stone towards a full implementation of Planner. Muddle was implemented as an extended version of Lisp, and introduced several features that were later adopted by Conniver, Lisp Machine Lisp, and Common Lisp. However, in late 1972 Hewitt abruptly halted their development of the Planner design in their thesis, when they and their graduate students invented the actor model of computation.
Actor model
Hewitt's work on the actor model of computation has spanned over 30 years, beginning with the introduction of the model in a 1973 paper authored by Hewitt, Peter Bishop, and Richard Steiger, and including new results on actor model semantics published as recently as 2006. Much of this work was carried out in collaboration with students in Hewitt's Message Passing Semantics Group at MIT's Artificial Intelligence Lab.
Sussman and Steele developed the Scheme programming language in an effort to gain a better understanding of the actor model. However, their Scheme interpreter was not capable of fully implementing the actor model because actor customers cannot be implemented as lambda calculus continuations and actors can change their local state in a way that is impossible in the lambda calculus A number of programming languages were developed to specifically implement the actor model, such as ACT-1, SALSA, Caltrop, E and ActorScript. The actor model also influenced the development of the π-calculus. (See actor model and process calculi history.)
Selected works
Carl Hewitt (1969). PLANNER: A Language for Proving Theorems in Robots IJCAI'69.
Carl Hewitt, Peter Bishop and Richard Steiger (1973). A Universal Modular Actor Formalism for Artificial Intelligence IJCAI'73.
Carl Hewitt and Henry Baker (1977a). Laws for Communicating Parallel Processes IFIP'77.
Carl Hewitt and Henry Baker (1977b). Actors and Continuous Functionals Proceeding of IFIP Working Conference on Formal Description of Programming Concepts. August 1–5, 1977.
William Kornfeld and Carl Hewitt (1981). The Scientific Community Metaphor IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics. January 1981.
Henry Lieberman and Carl E. Hewitt (1983). A Real-Time Garbage Collector Based on the Lifetimes of Objects Communications of the ACM, 26(6).
Carl Hewitt (1985). The Challenge of Open Systems Byte Magazine. April 1985. (Reprinted in The foundation of artificial intelligence—a sourcebook Cambridge University Press. 1990
See also
Scientific community metaphor
References
External links
Hewitt's official blog
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American computer programmers
American computer scientists
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
Formal methods people
MIT School of Engineering faculty
Keio University faculty
American technology writers
Engineers from Massachusetts
Mark Wiener (New York City, August 24, 1951 – September 29, 2012) was a New York City based abstract painter, editor and teacher.
Wiener studied painting and photography under Bauhaus influences at the Philadelphia College of Art. Influenced by Alexi Brodivitch, Frank Zachry and Alexander Lieberman, they early began working simultaneously in several visual media. Wiener worked for some years, in the United States and Europe, as a professional photographer, illustrator and web designer before turning to full-time painting. Their commercial work from that period appeared in magazines including The Wall Street Journal, Esquire, New York Magazine, Paris Match, as well as in such books as Family of Children and The Art of Mickey Mouse.
In 2006 they exhibited their gestural paintings at the Montblanc Manhattan flagship store, and participated in the Felissimo Design House “Tribute 21” program, work reproduced on ceramic plate and sold for the benefit of UNESCO. They received commissions from the World Federation of United Nations Associations to create first day covers and limited edition lithographs to accompany issues of UN Postage Stamps, and was awarded the Croix de Chevalier de'orde Belgo Hispanique under the patronage of Queen Fabiola of Belgium. They exhibited in Los Angeles, London, Paris, Milan and Tokyo, and regularly in New York City. Their work appears in numerous private and corporate collections worldwide and in the permanent collection of the Housatonic Museum of Art.
Wiener published and was editor-in-chief of the online magazine Resolve40.com, which seeks to integrate artists in a New York art community, by frequent reviews of current exhibitions and activities at galleries and major museums, and by encouraging artists to participate in writing. This was one of the activities for which, Peter Frank characterizes Wiener—using Jane Jacobs' term--as a "public character": one of those who, in the thick of a social fabric—here the New York City art scene--“find, or appoint, themselves its custodians.”
After first devoting themselves to photography, Wiener, based upon personal observations of the photographer Irving Penn's process, began an approach to painting that they called “the white surface”. This combines the acting out of a “visual story” during the creation of the work, with Bauhaus ideas of underlying structure. In Wiener's later works it appears as their organic gesture of throwing, dripping and pouring paint, orchestrated between drawing and painting layers of geometric objects, in increasingly large scales, with a variety of objects that they considered “brushes”. However, on a more intimate scale, they drew incessantly, whether in their many sketchbooks or on iPad, across all media—the digital no less than traditional charcoal, graphite and ink—responding to all experiences of life, but notably the process histories revealed in the textures of pavements and walls of their beloved City, demonstrating the seemingly inexhaustible form resources of gestural marks.
Wiener, in studio, was featured on the cover image for the Wall Street Journal article on Chelsea galleries in August, 2004. Opening of a memorial exhibition, “Street Markings” (October 3–25), curated from Mark Wiener's unfinished painting series and other related works, was delayed by storm-related electricity loss at Dorian Grey Gallery, 437 East 9th Street (near Avenue A), but, opened nevertheless on Wednesday, November 7, 2012.
External links
The artist's website (archived) -
Mark Wiener (1951-2012) Double Retrospective -
Facebook 1 -
Facebook 2 -
Links and references
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
1951 births
2012 deaths
University of the Arts (Philadelphia) alumni
20th-century American male artists
Rataniidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Siphonostomatoida.
Genera:
Ratania Giesbrecht, 1893
References
Copepods
Shaneq or Shanaq () may refer to:
Shaneq, Arak
Shaneq, Delijan
Hans Lewy (20 October 1904 – 23 August 1988) was a Jewish American mathematician, known for their work on partial differential equations and on the theory of functions of several complex variables.
Life
Lewy was born in Breslau, Silesia, on October 20, 1904. They began their studies at the University of Göttingen in 1922, after being advised to avoid the more local University of Breslau because it was too old-fashioned, supporting themselves during the Weimar hyperinflation by a side job doing railroad track maintenance. At Göttingen, they studied both mathematics and physics; their teachers there included Max Born, Richard Courant, James Franck, David Hilbert, Edmund Landau, Emmy Noether, and Alexander Ostrowski. They earned their doctorate in 1926, at which time they and their friend Kurt Otto Friedrichs both became assistants to Courant and privatdozents at Göttingen. The famous Courant-Friedrichs-Lewy condition originated from that time in 1928.
At the recommendation of Courant, Lewy was granted a Rockefeller Fellowship, which they used in 1929 to travel to Rome and study algebraic geometry with Tullio Levi-Civita and Federigo Enriques, and then in 1930 to travel to Paris, where they attended the seminar of Jacques Hadamard. After Hitler's election as chancellor in 1933, Lewy was advised by Herbert Busemann to leave Germany again. They were offered a position in Madrid, but declined it, fearing for the future there under Francisco Franco. They revisited Italy and France, but then at the invitation of the Emergency Committee in Aid of Displaced Foreign Scholars and with the assistance of Hadamard found a two-year position in America at Brown University. At the end of that term, in 1935, they moved to the University of California, Berkeley.
During World War II, Lewy obtained a pilot's license, but then worked at the Aberdeen Proving Ground. They married Helen Crosby in 1947.
In 1950, Lewy was fired from Berkeley for refusing to sign a loyalty oath. They taught at Harvard University and Stanford University in 1952 and 1953 before being reinstated by the California Supreme Court case Tolman v. Underhill.
They retired from Berkeley in 1972, and in 1973 became one of two Ordway Professors of Mathematics at the University of Minnesota. They died on August 23, 1988, in Berkeley.
Lewy is known for their outstanding and stunning contributions to partial differential equations. In 1957, their famous example of a second-order linear partial differential equation was so stunning and unexpected that the whole field steered in a new direction, as well as shaping modern analysis in a significant way. Based on this example, Louis Nirenberg, Lars Hörmander and others have outlined some important changes to the theory and structure of the field. This was adopted by many analysts and mathematicians as a major development.
They also worked on several complex variables in relation to nonlinear hyperbolic equations and elliptic equations, well-posedness for initial value problems of wave fronts (now commonly called Sobolev spaces) in the early 1930s, solutions of the classical problems of Hermann Weyl and Hermann Minkowski for analytical data (the original problem was solved by Louis Nirenberg in 1949 as part of their PhD thesis), the extendibility of minimal surfaces on and analytical nature of its boundaries which is fully free or in part, free boundary problems of water wave fronts in hydrodynamics, and the proof of quadratic reciprocity theorem in number theory from 'hydrodynamical' perspective.
Awards and honors
Lewy was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1964, and was also a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. They became a foreign member of the Accademia dei Lincei in 1972.
They were awarded a Leroy P. Steele Prize in 1979, and a Wolf Prize in Mathematics in 1986 for their work on partial differential equations. In 1986, the University of Bonn gave them an honorary doctorate.
Publications
A selection of their work, edited by David Kinderlehrer and including their most important works, was published as the two volume work and
. With biographical essays by Helen Lewy and Constance Reid, and commentaries on Lewy's work by Erhard Heinz, Peter D. Lax, Jean Leray, Richard MacCamy, Louis Nirenberg and François Treves.
.
The following works are included in their "Selecta" in their original language or translated form.
. There are also two English translations of the 1928 German original paper: the first one is a translation from the German by Phyllis Fox, circulated as a research report: . The second one is a typographical improvement of the first, published by IBM as: . A freely downloadable version of this one can be found here
.
.
See also
Lewy's example
Courant–Friedrichs–Lewy condition
References
External links
.
. An audio interview, available at eCommons@Cornell from the [Eugene B. Dynkin Collection of Mathematics Interviews Eugene B. Dynkin Collection of Mathematics Interviews ].
. The biographical entry about Hans Lewy at the Enciclopedia Treccani.
1904 births
1988 deaths
Scientists from Wrocław
20th-century American mathematicians
20th-century German mathematicians
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to the United States
Complex analysts
Mathematical analysts
Rockefeller Fellows
Wolf Prize in Mathematics laureates
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
University of Göttingen alumni
University of Göttingen faculty
Brown University faculty
University of California, Berkeley College of Letters and Science faculty
University of Minnesota faculty
Evenings with Mark Fine was a program on Melbourne sports radio station 1116 SEN that ran from March 2007 to December 2017.
Mark Fine had been host of the program since 2007 and had been one of only two presenters to have been with the station continuously since its inception until they lost their job at SEN in the revamp after Craig Hutchison was made CEO at the start of 2018 (the other being Kevin Hillier). Evenings with Mark Fine ran from 7pm to midnight Monday to Thursday during the AFL season and over the same time frame from Monday to Friday during the non-AFL period.
The program consisted of a number of regular segments such as the fitness hour with Craig Harper, radio game show Initially Speaking with Troy Zantuck and 'Milney', Bush and the Burbs, covering suburban and country football with Paul Daffey as well as a soccer hour with Michael Zappone and David Davutovic. There was also a weekly feature interview with a former AFL footballer or sporting star facilitated by Geoff Poulter. AFL journalists such as Ashley Browne, Nick Bowen, Howard Kotton, Nigel Carmody and Brett Anderson were regulars on the program as well as former players such as Campbell Brown, Adam Cooney, Scott Lucas, Chris Bryan and Terry Wallace.
A regular on the evening program was outspoken lawyer Stephen J. Peake. Often the butt of Fine's vitriol, Peake played the role of brow-beaten blowhard with good humor and excellent wit. The on-air dynamic between Fine and Peake bore no resemblance to their off-air relationship, where they share a close friendship and deep mutual respect.
The longest running segment on the evening program was an industry-respected golfing hour called Chasing Birdies hosted by former tour professionals Mark Allen and Craig Spence.
Over the history of Evenings with Mark Fine the host had been joined by co-hosts including AFL stars Martin Pike, Jason Johnson, Gavin Crosisca, Robert Shaw, David Armitage, Michael Jamieson and Dom Gleeson; NRL stars Cameron Smith, Brett Finch and Steve Turner. Former Socceroos Archie Thompson, Clint Bolton, and David Clarkson as well as Melbourne Victory's Grant Brebner. They were also joined regularly by cricketers John Hastings, Bryce McGain, Rob Quiney, Adam Dale and Nick Jewell.
Arguably the most controversial but respected segment on Evenings with Mark Fine was The Right Time co-hosted by Mick Hall, principal of Dayhab Rehab facility and former Collingwood premiership player, Gavin Crosisca - themselves a former addict now a qualified drug and alcohol counselor. The program aired weekly for over three years then monthly on a Monday night and dealt with the issues faced by addicts, former addicts and the family and friends of addicts. Recognised in the health industry as a groundbreaking program for commercial radio in Australia, The Right Time received a City of Melbourne, Lord Mayors award in 2015.
In January 2018, Crocmedia took over ownership of 1116 Sens and in the subsequent merging of SEN and Crocmedia the on air weekly lineup was significantly altered, resulting in Mark Fine being made redundant and ending their near 14 year stint at the station. With the departure of Fine so ended over a decade of Evenings with Mark Fine.
References
External links
Mark Fine at LinkedIn
Evenings with Finey podcasts at TuneIn
2010s Australian radio programs
Georges Van Haelen (born 9 August 1899, date of death unknown) was a Belgian boxer who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924 they were eliminated in the second round of the middleweight class after losing to Daniel Daney.
References
External links
1899 births
Year of death missing
Middleweight boxers
Olympic boxers of Belgium
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Belgian male boxers
Draai van de Kaai () is an elite men's and women's professional road bicycle racing event held annually in Roosendaal, Netherlands on the second Monday after the Tour de France. The first edition was in 1980 and since 2008 the event also includes a women's race.
Honours
Man 's
Source
Woman 's
Source
References
External links
Men's road bicycle races
Women's road bicycle races
Cycle races in the Netherlands
Recurring sporting events established in 1980
1980 establishments in the Netherlands
Cycling in Roosendaal
In the Groove is an album by Planet Drum, a percussion-based world music ensemble led by Mickey Hart, Zakir Hussain, Sikiru Adepoju, and Giovanni Hidalgo. It was released on August 5, 2022.
In the Groove is Planet Drum's third album, following Planet Drum (1991) and Global Drum Project (2007). According to music journalist Michael Broerman, "With Hart from the United States, Hussain from India, Hidalgo from Puerto Rico, and Adepoju from Nigeria, they represent a consortium of the top percussionists from around the globe, united by a common language of rhythm."
Critical reception
In Americana Highways David Nowels wrote, "The album continues Planet Drum's hypnotic trance-like exploration of music at its most primal. The Planet Drum ensemble have created an atmospheric sonic experience that is both uniquely organic and electronic."
Track listing
"King Clave"
"Storm Drum"
"Tides"
"Drops"
"Phil Da Glass"
"Gadago Gadago"
Personnel
Planet Drum
Mickey Hart – beats, bass beams (monochord), RAMU (Random Access Musical Universe), the beast (large cylinder drums), piccolo drums, V-Drums, MalletKAT, gamelan, glass bowls, thumb piano, conch, metal
Zakir Hussain – tabla, shakers, madal, dholak, balafon, vocals
Sikiru Adepoju – apala (talking drum)
Giovanni Hidalgo – congas, bahia, timbales, vocals
Additional musicians
Isaac Eady – drum set
Mañengue Hidalgo – congas
Melissa Hie – vocals, balafon, doum, djembe, metal, shekere, claps
Ophelia Hie – vocals, balafon, metal, shekere, claps
Edgardo "Kako" Maldanado – guiro
Baba Olatunje – vocals
Noel Rosado – bells
Jatinder Singh – Rajasthani folk vocals
India sessions – bass drum, duff, bottles and hi percussion, buckets, Pune dhol, vocal shouts, tabla, tasha, trash percussion, dimdi, ghumka, halgi, sambhal, sleigh bell, zanj, chondka, Nashik dhol, chenda, dholak, metal percussion, big ghungru, chimpta, dhol, matka, padhant, UduPune dhol, udu
Production
Produced by Mickey Hart, Zakir Hussain
Associate producer: Reya Hart
Mixing: Mickey Hart, Tom Lattanand, Zakir Hussain
Arrangements: Zakir Hussain, Mickey Hart, Tom Lattanand, Adam Tenenbaum
Recording engineers: Tom Lattanand, Moldover, Adam Tenenbaum, Michal Menert, Cherron Arens, Jerome Forney, Jonathan Koh, Bill Wolter, Jason Reed
Mastering: Michael Romanowski
Album art: Tim Bremner
References
Mickey Hart albums
2022 albums
Hesar (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār and Ḩeşār Jahānābād) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 325, in 68 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Cabo Caribe is a barrio in the municipality of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,989.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Cabo Caribe barrio was 277.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico
Bryon Demetrise Russell (born December 31, 1970) is an American former professional basketball player. During a National Basketball Association (NBA) career that spanned from 1993 to 2006, they played for the Denver Nuggets, Washington Wizards and Los Angeles Lakers and was a key member of the Utah Jazz, helping them reach back-to-back NBA finals appearances in 1997 and 1998. Russell also played for the Hollywood Fame and Long Beach Breakers of the American Basketball Association (ABA). They finished their career with the Los Angeles Lightning of the International Basketball League (IBA), winning a championship in 2009.
After playing three years of college basketball with Long Beach State University, Russell was drafted forty-fifth overall in the 1993 NBA draft by the Utah Jazz. From 1997 to 2000, they played in every regular-season game. They went to back-to-back NBA Finals with the Jazz in 1997 and 1998, but lost to the Chicago Bulls. Russell had their best season with the Jazz in the 1999–2000 season, when they averaged 14.1 points and 5.2 rebounds per game. After playing nine seasons for the Jazz, Russell signed with the Washington Wizards as a free agent for the 2002–2003 season. Russell then signed with the Los Angeles Lakers as a free agent for the 2003–2004 season and made it to the 2004 NBA Finals but lost to the Detroit Pistons. They then signed with the Denver Nuggets as a free agent and played with them from 2004 to 2006. They were a part of the Seattle SuperSonics roster for a brief time in 2006 after being traded by the Nuggets but never appeared in a game for them.
Russell's alma mater, Long Beach State University, retired their jersey in 2010.
Russell and Michael Jordan
Russell is best remembered for guarding Michael Jordan at the end of Game 6 of the 1998 NBA Finals. Jordan made the game-winning shot over Russell, although many fans believe Jordan pushed off Russell during the play. The referees did not call a foul on the play, and Russell later remarked, "Whether they pushed off or not, they were making that shot." They and Jordan were teammates when they played for the Washington Wizards during the 2002–03 NBA season, which was Jordan's last.
In 2009, Jordan mentioned Russell in their Hall of Fame induction speech, recalling an interaction they had during Jordan's first retirement in 1994: "[A]t this time, I had no thoughts of coming back and playing the game of basketball. Bryon Russell came over to me and said, 'Why did you quit? You know I could guard you.' ... From this day forward, if I ever see [Russell] in shorts, I'm coming at him." In response, Russell challenged Jordan to a game of one-on-one for charity. Such a match-up has not yet taken place, though the Utah Flash of the NBDL did stage a halftime game between Russell and a Jordan look-alike.
Career statistics
NBA statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 67 || 48 || 16.7 || .484 || .091 || .614 || 2.7 || .8 || 1.0 || .3 || 5.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 63 || 15 || 13.7 || .437 || .295 || .667 || 2.2 || .5 || .8 || .2 || 4.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 59 || 9 || 9.8 || .394 || .350 || .716 || 1.5 || .5 || .5 || .1 || 2.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 81 || 81 || 31.2 || .479 || .409 || .701 || 4.1 || 1.5 || 1.6 || .3 || 10.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 82 || 7 || 27.1 || .430 || .341 || .766 || 4.0 || 1.2 || 1.1 || .4 || 9.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 50 || 50 || 35.4 || .464 || .354 || .795 || 5.3 || 1.5 || 1.5 || .3 || 12.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 82 || 70 || 35.4 || .446 || .396 || .750 || 5.2 || 1.9 || 1.6 || .3 || 14.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 78 || 46 || 31.7 || .440 || .413 || .779 || 4.2 || 2.1 || 1.2 || .3 || 12.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 66 || 40 || 30.3 || .380 || .341 || .821 || 4.5 || 2.1 || 1.0 || .3 || 9.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Washington
| 70 || 23 || 19.8 || .353 || .329 || .768 || 3.0 || 1.0 || 1.0 || .1 || 4.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Lakers
| 72 || 1 || 13.1 || .402 || .384 || .769 || 2.0 || 1.0 || .4 || .2 || 4.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Denver
| 70 || 2 || 14.7 || .377 || .376 || .792 || 2.5 || 1.0 || .6 || .2 || 4.4
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Denver
| 1 || 0 || 3.0 || ... || ... || ... || 1.0 || 1.0 || .0 || .0 || .0
|- class=sortbottom
| style="text-align:center;" colspan=2| Career
| 841 || 392 || 23.5 || .431 || .369 || .750 || 3.5 || 1.3 || 1.0 || .2 || 7.9
|- class=sortbottom
Playoff statistics
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1994
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 6 || 0 || 6.0 || .400 || .667 || 1.000 || 1.5 || .5 || .0 || .0 || 2.7
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1995
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 2 || 0 || 6.5 || .571 || .500 || .500 || 1.0 || 1.5 || .5 || .0 || 5.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1996
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 18 || 0 || 25.5 || .468 || .472 || .816 || 4.2 || 1.2 || 1.3 || .5 || 9.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1997
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 20 || 20 || 37.9 || .461 || .356 || .721 || 4.6 || 1.4 || 1.1 || .3 || 12.3
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1998
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 20 || 13 || 34.9 || .469 || .365 || .716 || 4.7 || 1.1 || 1.1 || .3 || 11.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 1999
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 11 || 11 || 35.2 || .426 || .250 || .722 || 6.1 || 1.2 || 1.8 || .2 || 12.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2000
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 10 || 10 || 37.1 || .421 || .289 || .756 || 5.4 || 2.1 || 1.6 || .5 || 14.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2001
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 5 || 5 || 42.8 || .446 || .455 || .917 || 7.2 || 3.0 || .6 || .2 || 14.2
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2002
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 4 ||4 || 30.0 || .250 || .400 || 1.000 || 4.3 || 1.8 || 1.0 || .0 || 7.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2004
| style="text-align:left;"| L.A. Lakers
| 6 || 0 || 2.7 || .000 || .000 || ... || .2 || .3 || .2 || .0 || .0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2005
| style="text-align:left;"| Denver
| 3 || 0 || 3.0 || .000 || .000 || 1.000 || .0 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 1.0
|- class=sortbottom
| style="text-align:center;" colspan=2| Career
| 105 || 63 || 29.3 || .440 || .365 || .759 || 4.2 || 1.3 || 1.0 || .3 || 9.9
|-
References
External links
Greatest NBA clutch shots
1970 births
Living people
African-American basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from California
Denver Nuggets players
Long Beach State Beach men's basketball players
Los Angeles Lakers players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from San Bernardino, California
Utah Jazz draft picks
Utah Jazz players
Washington Wizards players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The Encyclopaedia of Forms and Precedents is a large collection of non-litigious legal forms and precedents published by LexisNexis UK.
The encyclopaedia is available in hard copy, on a searchable online database, and on CD-ROM. It currently consists of 90+ volumes which are subject to constant alteration, as volumes are regularly revised and reissued to reflect changes in the law. Subscribers are provided with frequent updates in the form of modifications to the online database, and a quarterly looseleaf service.
The encyclopaedia is most often subscribed to and utilised by legal practices and academic institutions.
The First Edition was published in 17 volumes from 1902 to 1910. The Second Edition was published in 20 volumes in 1925. The Third Edition was published in 20 volumes from 1946 to 1951.
References
See also
Halsbury's Laws of England
Halsbury's Statutes
LexisNexis Butterworths
Law books
Legal literature
Legal research
English law
Encyclopedias of law
Janne Johannes Puurtinen (born 17 October 1974), better known as Burton or Emerson Burton, is a Finnish musician.  They are best known as the keyboardist of the Finnish gothic rock band HIM, with whom they have released six studio albums, and has gone on to become one of the most commercially successful Finnish bands of all time. Outside of HIM, Burton has performed and recorded with various bands, including Daniel Lioneye, Suburban Tribe and Torpedo.
Early life
Janne "Burton" Puurtinen was born on 17 October 1974 in Helsinki. Born to an artistic family, both Burton's parents were ballet dancers, as was their sister. Burton themselves took up ballet for a few years but quit due to a lack of interest, after which they began taking classical piano lessons at the age of five, which they continued well into their twenties. During their civilian service, Puurtinen worked as a lighting engineer at the Alexander Theater in Helsinki. They later worked as a stage manager at the Helsinki Opera House, a concert janitor at the Sibelius Academy, as well as a cook.
Career
HIM
In 2001, Puurtinen joined the band HIM, with whom they had already played one show in the mid-nineties performing Type O Negative covers. After the addition of Puurtinen, HIM released the albums Deep Shadows and Brilliant Highlights and Love Metal in 2001 and 2003, respectively. Both cracked the top ten in several countries, and became the band's first albums to chart in the United Kingdom and the United States. After relocating to the US, HIM released Dark Light in 2005, which became the group's most successful album to date, going gold in Germany, the UK, the US, and platinum in Finland.
In 2007, HIM released Venus Doom, which went gold in Finland and Germany, and gave the band their highest US-chart position at number 12. After 2010's Screamworks: Love in Theory and Practice, the band went on hiatus after drummer Gas Lipstick was diagnosed with a repetitive stress injury and nerve damage in their hands. After eight months of uncertainty, the band regrouped and eventually released the album Tears on Tape in 2013. In 2015, Gas Lipstick announced their departure from HIM after 16 years, to pursue other musical projects. They were subsequently replaced by Jukka "Kosmo" Kröger. On 5 March 2017, HIM announced the end of the band following a farewell tour in 2017. The band played their final show on New Year's Eve 2017 as a part of their annual Helldone Festival.
Other work
While in school, Burton played in a variety of different bands, but the first "real" group they played with was Cosmos Tango, who won the Finnish Rock Championship in 1997. Cosmos Tango released one album in 1999, by which point Burton had already joined Suburban Tribe, with whom they recorded the album Elektro 57, which was released in 1998. Around the same time, Puurtinen also played one show with Amorphis in Istanbul. In 1999, Puurtinen joined Torpedo, who released a self-titled EP in 2000, as well as the album Polttonestettä in 2001.
In 2010, Puurtinen joined Daniel Lioneye, the side-project of HIM's Linde Lindström. The band released the album Vol. II the same year, and in 2011 toured the US, supporting Cradle of Filth. In June 2016, it was announced that Daniel Lioneye would release its third album Vol. III on 19 August 2016. The band also announced five tour dates across Finland for September 2016. Daniel Lioneye was also scheduled to perform several European shows later in the fall, but the dates were cancelled after drummer Seppo Tarvainen broke their arm.
Following HIM's retirement, Burton joined the Finnish world music duo Solju, who released their debut album Ođđa Áigodat on 27 April 2018.
Personal life
Burton has two children with their wife. The nicknames "Burton" and "Emerson Burton" were coined by two friends, with "Emerson" being taken from Puurtinen's refrigerator.
Discography
HIM
Deep Shadows and Brilliant Highlights (2001)
Love Metal (2003)
Dark Light (2005)
Venus Doom (2007)
Screamworks: Love in Theory and Practice (2010)
Tears on Tape (2013)
Daniel Lioneye
Vol. II (2010)
Vol. III (2016)
Other appearances
Suburban Tribe – Elektro 57 (1998)
Cosmos Tango – Helmi (1999)
Torpedo – Torpedo (2000)
Torpedo – Polttonestettä (2001)
References
External links
Official website of HIM
1974 births
Heavy metal keyboardists
Finnish heavy metal keyboardists
HIM (Finnish band) members
Living people
Musicians from Helsinki
The Daewoo LeMans is a compact car, first manufactured by Daewoo in South Korea between 1986 and 1994, and between 1994 and 1997 as Daewoo Cielo — a car mechanically identical to the LeMans, differentiated only by its modified styling cues. Like all Daewoos preceding it, the LeMans took its underpinnings from a European Opel design. In the case of the LeMans, the GM T platform-based Opel Kadett E was the donor vehicle, essentially just badge engineered into the form of the LeMans, and later as the Cielo after a second more thorough facelift.
In markets outside South Korea, the original version of the car bore the Asüna GT, Asüna SE, Daewoo 1.5i, Daewoo Fantasy, Daewoo Pointer, Daewoo Racer, Passport Optima and Pontiac LeMans names. The "LeMans" nameplate was not used at all for the facelifted model. Five-door hatchback models exported to Europe were badged Daewoo Nexia with the Daewoo Racer name used seemingly at random on various bodystyles. The Daewoo Heaven name has also been used.
The Cielo was subsequently replaced by the subcompact Daewoo Lanos and the compact Nubira in 1997, except in some Central Asian markets for which production of the four-door continues in Uzbekistan.
First generation (LeMans; 1986)
The original series Daewoo LeMans was available as a three-door hatchback and a four-door sedan when introduced in July 1986. Sales of the LeMans in North America began in mid-1987, where it was sold as the Pontiac LeMans. The LeMans was one of the first aerodynamically designed cars to be sold in South Korea, and the first to feature a digital dashboard. The LeMans was also sold in Canada through General Motors' Passport International Division as the "Optima."
For the 1989 model year in the US, more models were released: the new lineup included a sportier Pontiac LeMans GSE, positioned similarly to the Opel Kadett GSi, equipped with a 2.0-litre four-cylinder engine. The GSE was available in red, white or silver with 14-inch alloy wheels, fog lights and a rear spoiler. The GSE also received the Recaro-style seats of the Kadett GSi. A Pontiac LeMans SE sedan with upgraded equipment from the base and LE models also had the 2.0-litre four-cylinder engine, also used in the Pontiac Sunbird. In North America, poor quality tarnished sales and the Pontiac LeMans and Asüna SE/GT were discontinued after 1993 with no replacement. In 1994, the Asüna brand was discontinued altogether.
The five-door hatchback body style was known as the Daewoo LeMans Penta5 in South Korea, while the three-door was called Daewoo Racer and only the sedan was called LeMans. Korean market cars received a 1.5-litre engine (with ) as there was a severe tax penalty for cars with larger engines. In October 1991 the LeMans received a facelift, with a reworked front and superficially changed taillights. This version was called the Asüna SE/GT in the Canadian market, where it replaced the Passport Optima. When South Korean production of the original LeMans finally came to an end in February 1997, over 1 million had been built.
This car was sold in Australia as the "Daewoo 1.5i", with both hatchback and sedan bodywork. It was sold in New Zealand as the Pontiac LeMans from 1989, becoming the first Pontiac badged car to be sold on the NZ market since the Canadian sourced Pontiac Laurentian of the 1960s.
Engines
Gallery
Second generation (Cielo; 1994)
The second generation LeMans launched in 1994, available as a three- and five-door hatchback and four-door sedan with a 1.5-litre eight-valve or a 1.5-litre 16-valve engine. These new models were still based on the Opel Kadett E, underpinned by the "T-car" platform. There were various trim levels available. Unlike the Kadett, there was never a station wagon version available. Some European markets got the "Lifestyle" trim level; Spain and Portugal badged their GLi/GLXi equivalents "Chess"; the Benelux countries kept the GLi/GLXi trim levels and some markets added ETi and STi specifications. The GLi has an average performance with a 0–100 km/h time of 12.5 seconds and at 5,400 rpm. There was also a version with single-point fuel injection and for lower-spec versions. The more luxurious GLXi received a sixteen-valve engine which upped the power to at an unusually low 4,800 rpm, and the 0–100 km/h time was reduced to 12.2 seconds.
The Cielo was made in India by DCM Daewoo Motors until the Korean Daewoo company went bankrupt. GM did not take over the Indian plant in Surajpur near Delhi and it was liquidated. Production in South Korea came to an end shortly after the 1996 introduction of the Daewoo Lanos, an original design.
Prototype
There was a prototype of the Nexia debuted in 1995 at the Seoul Motor Show - the NGV 3 (NGV meaning Nexia Green Vehicle). From the outside it looks like a regular Nexia, except that it was powered by an electric motor.
Marketing and production
United Kingdom
Daewoo first exported cars to Europe in the mid-1990s, with the Nexia and Espero forming the two-model line-up in Britain from January 1995. Daewoo was the first manufacturer to sell cars on the British market directly to customers rather than setting up a conventional dealer network, and the appeal of its cars was further enhanced by the following promotions:
A low and fixed asking price
3 year/60,000 mile comprehensive warranty
3 years free servicing
3 years free AA membership (which also meant giving a free courtesy car if in an inconvenience)
Free delivery plates
One-year free road tax
A free full tank of petrol
30-day peace-of-mind refund or exchange period
A free 'N' plate replacement in August 1995
A free mobile phone.
There were two trim levels available. The base model was the GLi which was quite well-equipped at the time, including a 1.5 SOHC (8-valve) engine, 'GLi' emblems at the body wings and boot, single-bench folding rear seat, power steering, driver's airbag and ABS. Different style hubcaps and automatic transmission were an option. After, there was the GLXi which (equipment over GLi) had a 1.5 DOHC (16-valve) engine, 'GLXi' emblems at the body wings and boot, all-round electric windows and mirrors, hubcaps, central locking, rev counter and split-folding rear seats. Alloy wheels were optional only on the GLXi. The "base" model was available for large contracts, the biggest single sale being to NHS Scotland. All models got the same four-spoke steering wheel.
Most models received a 'TWIN CAM 8v' badge at the rear whilst those with automatic transmission had the 'AUTOMATIC' badge. The dealer plates had the writing 'DAEWOO' in a black background with the phone number, a black line going through either side with the number plate ID under the number plate.
When AA tested the Nexia 1.5 GLi in September 1995, they liked it due to its dealer satisfaction but criticized for being dull. In conclusion they said the Nexia is an ultra-sensible family car, with a hassle-free aftersales package and being good value for money.
Despite making use of a design which was by then more than a decade old, the Nexia was one of the most popular budget family cars in Britain and helped Daewoo gain a 1% share of the new car market in 1996. Also, air-conditioning became a free option in every Daewoo, even in the Nexia GLi 3-dr. It was replaced there by the Lanos in the autumn of 1997, by which time some 40,000 examples had been sold. Despite this, the Nexia was sold until December 1997.
Awards
At July 1997, Daewoo announced that the Nexia won the best-in-class award (beating its rivals) and the favourite model category (behind the BMW 5-Series) in the 1997 Cornhill Insurance Motor Test.
Recalls
At 26 January 1996, Daewoo recalled all Nexia's since its introduction in April 1995 because of the wiring harness engine bay has been misrouted, which could have resulted in a chafing of the harness.
Criticisms
The Nexia was criticized for using outdated Mk2 Vauxhall Astra mechanicals and styling hints making it dull to look at and drive for some people, especially the saloons as they were Belmont-based. In addition, its ABS control module was expensive to replace. As faulty ABS was cause for the car to fail the UK's MOT test, this could prompt owners to get rid of their Nexias. Also, it had a lot of electrical problems, and did not fare very well in reliability. Spare parts were also difficult to find as it did not sell very well and the fact that its rivals sold better.
Romania
In Romania, manufacturing began in 1996, at the newly acquired Daewoo Automobile Romania factory in Craiova, being the first Daewoo model produced at the plant. It was offered only with the sedan body style, and was exported to most countries in Central and Eastern Europe. The GLE version, which was the full option model, included air conditioning, power steering, front and rear electric windows, fog lamps, central locking, tachometer and a cassette player stereo system. Unlike models intended for Central and Western Europe, the cars sold in Romania (either imported or produced here) were never equipped with ABS or airbags.
In 2000, the model range was extended with the new Executive level, which featured a distinctive chromed grille and borrowed elements from the GLX, such as 14-inch wheels, bigger 256 mm ventilated disk brakes and the double overhead camshaft engine with 16 valves, that offered an increased power output. The Executive also received an electronic ignition distributor from the Lanos. Another addition to the 2000 model was the catalytic converter respecting Euro 2 emission standards. In 2004, because of harsher emission regulations, the factory installed the Lanos 1.5 SOHC engine, which meant a decrease in horsepower, but made the car Euro 3 compliant. During the last 2 years of production, in an effort to update the optional equipment available for the car, the Executive received a CD player instead of the cassette player. It remained in production until 2007, being marketed along with its successor, the Daewoo Nubira.
Uzbekistan
In Uzbekistan, UzDaewooAuto continued to manufacture the four-door sedan version of the Nexia, production of which began in June 1996. It is produced alongside other Daewoo and Chevrolet models and is exported to other countries, such as Kazakhstan, Russia, Moldova, Azerbaijan and Ukraine.
It is available with three engines: a 1.5-litre SOHC (), 1.5-litre DOHC () and 1.6-litre DOHC (). The 1.6 version has more powerful brakes and transmission with an additional long main gear.
A facelift of the car, known as the Nexia II, was presented in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, in 2008. It was designed in the United Kingdom by Concept Group International LTD with cooperation of GM Uzbekistan. In Uzbekistan, it is currently marketed under the Chevrolet brand, while some export markets (in the CIS area) continue to receive the car as the Daewoo Nexia. Production ended in 2016.
The Netherlands
Production began in 1995. Two trim levels were available, the GL and GTX. The base model GL came with hubcaps, wind-up windows and manually adjustable mirrors. The GTX was a step up which included different designed hubcaps, air-con, electric windows and mirrors and a tachometer. Special editions included the 'Sport' which included front, rear and side skirts, sporty seats and alloy wheels. All three body types were available. Production terminated in 1997.
Engines
Gallery
References
LeMans
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
Hatchbacks
Sedans
Cars introduced in 1986
1990s cars
2000s cars
2010s cars
, Rabbi Tzvi Hersh Friedlander is the current Liske Hasidic rebbe.  They are the brother of the Uhniv (Hivniv) rebbe, author of Chasdei Avraham, a work on visiting the sick in Halacha. Their father was Rav Yosef Friedlander, the author of the Tzvi V'Chammid on Torah and the Jewish holidays and a great-grandchild of the Ach Pri Tevuah of Liska.  They are the author of the Chamudei Tzvi. They became rebbe in 1971, after the death of their father.
Rabbi Friedlander is also a descendant of Maharsha, as well as Rabbis Judah Loew ben Bezalel, David HaLevi Segal, Joel Sirkis, Isaiah Horowitz, and Naphtali Cohen.
Photos of Rabbi Friedlander are often published in the Jewish Connection, a weekly newspaper serving the Orthodox Jews of New York.
References
Hungarian Orthodox rabbis
American Orthodox rabbis
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hasidic rebbes
Hebrew-language writers
Jewish non-fiction writers
SM UB-128 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. They were commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 11 May 1918 as SM UB-128.
UB-128 was surrendered to the Allies at Harwich on 3 February 1919 in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany. After passing into British hands, UB-128 was towed to Falmouth along with five other U-boats for use in a series of explosive test trials by the Royal Navy in Falmouth Bay, in order to find weaknesses in their design. Following their use on 1 February 1921, UB-128 was dumped on Castle Beach and sold to R. Roskelly & Rodgers on 19 April 1921 for scrap (for £120), and partially salvaged over the following decades, although parts remain in situ.
Construction
They were built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 10 April 1918. UB-128 was commissioned later the same year under the command of Kptlt. Wilhelm Canaris. Like all Type UB III submarines, UB-128 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-128 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-128 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
Summary of raiding history
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats commissioned in 1918
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
was a town located in Ogasa District, Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan.
As of March 1, 2004, the town had an estimated population of 24,774 and a density of 462.5 persons per km2. The total area was 53.57 km2.
Hamaoka was founded as a town in 1955 through the merger of Ikeshinden Town with Sakura, Kitaki, Asahina and Niino Villages.
On April 1, 2004, Hamaoka, along with the former town of Omaezaki (from Haibara District), was merged to create the city of Omaezaki.
Hamaoka is noted as the site of the Hamaoka Nuclear Power Plant operated by Chubu Electric Power
External links
Omaezaki official website (Japanese)
Dissolved municipalities of Shizuoka Prefecture
Omaezaki, Shizuoka
The National Book Award for Poetry is one of five annual National Book Awards, which are given by the National Book Foundation to recognize outstanding literary work by US citizens. They are awards "by writers to writers".
The panelists are five "writers who are known to be doing great work in their genre or field".
The category Poetry was established in 1950 and has been awarded annually save the period 1985 to 1990.
The award recognizes one book written by a US citizen and published in the US from December 1 to November 30. The National Book Foundation accepts nominations from publishers until June 15, requires mailing nominated books to the panelists by August 1, and announces five finalists in October. The winner is announced on the day of the final ceremony in November. The award is $10,000 and a bronze sculpture; other finalists get $1000, a medal, and a citation written by the panel.
There were 148 nominations for the 2010 award.
Winners
The winner is listed first followed by the four other finalists (from 1987) or other runners-up.
Repeat winners
See Winners of multiple U.S. National Book Awards
See also
Poetry of the United States
List of poetry awards
List of years in poetry
Notes
References
American poetry awards
National Book Award
is a Japanese cement company. It was formed in 1998 with the merger of Chichibu Onoda (itself a merger of Chichibu Cement and Onoda Cement) and Nihon Cement (formerly Asano Cement).
Business segments and products
The company is organized into the following business segments and products:
Cement business
Cement
Ready-mixed concrete
Soil stabilizers
Mineral resources business
Mined aggregates
Limestone products
Environmental business
Recycling of waste materials: used tires, waste plastics, paper sludge, waste casting sand, surplus soil from water purification, sewage sludge and dredging sludge
Environmental recycling technologies
Construction of waste treatment plants
Construction materials business
Concrete products required for construction sites
Ceramics & electronics business
Ceramic products and electronic products used in semiconductor and LCD manufacturing
Real estate business
Lease of land for office buildings, commercial stores, leisure facilities and distribution warehouses
In the U.S., the Federal Mine Safety and Health Administration's Data Retrieval System (DRS) shows Taiheiyo Cement Corp. controlling 29 facilities and mines under the jurisdiction of the Mine Safety and Health Administration.
References
External links
Taiheiyo Cement
Manufacturing companies based in Tokyo
Japanese brands
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Companies listed on the Fukuoka Stock Exchange
Japanese companies established in 1881
Fuyo Group
Mitsui
Cement companies of Japan
Chip In () is a 2020 South Korean television series starring Oh Na-ra and Kim Hye-jun. It aired on MBC from July 22 to August 13, 2020 at 21:30 (KST) time slot for 8 episodes.
Synopsis
A famous painter, Yoo In-ho (Nam Moon-chul) gets diagnosed as terminally ill. On their 58th birthday, they plan to share their last will and testimony. Their legacy and immense wealth slowly draw out their family's greed, causing a fierce mental battle amongst them. There are too many people around them who are only after their legacy and wealth, including their ex-wife Ji Sul-young (Kim Jung-young), who has to take care of him, Kim Ji-hye (Oh Na-ra), a former mistress and mother of their only child and daughter, Bit-na (Kim Hye-jun), and their half-brother Dok Ko-chul (Han Soo-Hyun).
Cast
Main
Oh Na-ra as Kim Ji-hye
The mistress of Yoo In-ho
Kim Hye-jun as Yoo Bit-na
Song Ji-woo as young Bit-na
A nurse student and the only daughter of painter Yoo In-ho who is not interested in their wealth and legacy.
Supporting
Yoo family
Nam Moon-chul as Yoo In-ho
Bit-na's father who is a famous painter that was diagnosed as terminally ill.
Kim Jung-young as Ji Sul-young
In-ho's ex-wife who came back to nurse them after it was discovered they were terminally ill.
Choi Kyu-jin as Yoo Hae-joon
Ok Chan-yu as young Hae-joon
In-ho's nephew from their deceased brother Yoo In-gook who is a law student and whom they adopted as their son.
Han Soo-hyun as Dok Go-chul
In-ho's half-brother who is a conman with four convictions of fraud.
Kim Si-eun as Dok Go-sun
Dok Go-chul's daughter and In-ho's niece who lives in their house.
Yoo family employees
Lee Yoon-hee as Moon Jung-wook
In-ho's friend from college and also their manager who lives in the same house.
Nam Mi-jung as Mrs. Park
The family maid who has been working for 20 years.
Kim Myung-sun as Jin Yeon-hee
A lawyer and the executor of Yoo In-ho's last will and testimony.
Others
Lee Seung-hyeong as a doctor
Jung Chul-soon as Detective Kang
Park Jung-eon as a reporter
Kwon Dong-ho as Detective Hong Jae-gyu
Jang Jae-kwon as an interviewer
Wie Shin-ae as a pharmacist
Ratings
In this table, represent the lowest ratings and represent the highest ratings.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
MBC TV television dramas
Korean-language television shows
2020 South Korean television series debuts
2020 South Korean television series endings
South Korean mystery television series
South Korean comedy television series
South Korean thriller television series
Puka Q'asa (Quechua puka red, q'asa mountain pass, "red mountain pass", Hispanicized spellings Puca Ccasa, Puca Khasa, Pucacasa, Pucaccasa, Puca Jasa, Pucajasa) may refer to:
Puka Q'asa (Angaraes), a mountain in the Angaraes Province, Huancavelica Region, Peru
Puka Q'asa (Canchis), a mountain in the Canchis Province, Cusco Region, Peru
Puka Q'asa (Castrovirreyna-Huancavelica), a mountain on the border of the Castrovirreyna Province and the Huancavelica Province, Huancavelica Region, Peru
Puka Q'asa (Huancavelica), a mountain in the Huancavelica Province, Huancavelica Region, Peru
Puka Q'asa (Huaytará), a mountain in the Huaytará Province, Huancavelica Region, Peru
Puka Q'asa (Urubamba), a mountain in the Urubamba Province, Cusco Region, Peru
Dixons Mills is an unincorporated community in Marengo County, Alabama, United States. The community was named for a group of mills operated by Joel B. Dixon in the 19th century. Dixons Mills has a post office utilizing the 36736 ZIP code.
Demographics
Dixon Mills appeared on the 1870 U.S. Census, having 120 residents. Of that 120, 80 were black and 40 were white. This was the only time the community appeared on census rolls.
History
Beginning in the late 1820s, Joel B. Dixon, Sr. operated a water-powered gristmill at a dam that they and their sons built on Mill Creek along the old Linden-to-Choctaw Corner Road. The modern U.S. Route 43 bridge over Mill Creek now stands at the location. Dixon (January 11, 1777 – December 23, 1861), a native of Edgecombe County, North Carolina, was one of the early settlers of Marengo County. Their business grew and eventually included a steam engine-driven sawmill and two steam-powered cotton gins. The mills remained in use into the first years of the 20th century. They were still standing in 1923, when they were demolished during the construction of Route 43.
Geography
Dixons Mills is located at and has an elevation of .
School
Dixons Mills' only school is Marengo High School. It is part of the Marengo County School District.
References
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Marengo County, Alabama
The André E. Lalonde Accelerator Mass Spectrometry Laboratory is an accelerator mass spectrometry research facility at the University of Ottawa in Canada. It is currently the only facility of its type in Canada. It is named after former University of Ottawa Faculty of Science dean André E. Lalonde, who died of cancer in 2012.
History
The facility was created by 2014, with funding from the Canada Foundation for Innovation and the Ontario Research Fund. It is located in the University of Ottawa's Advanced Research Complex. It replaced the IsoTrace facility at the University of Toronto and cost around 10 million dollars.
In 2017, the laboratory will host the 14th annual Accelerator Mass Spectrometry conference.
Equipment
The facility has a custom-made 3 mega-volt tandem accelerator mass spectrometer. It also has a 200 sample ion source, a high resolution, 120° injection magnet, a 90° high energy analysis magnet (mass-energy product 350 MeV-AMU), a 65°, 1.7 m radius electric analyzer and a 2 channel gas ionization detector. The spectrometer weighs around 44 tons and is around 25 metres long. The facility can be seen through a two-storey window in the lobby of the Advanced Research Complex.
The spectrometer accelerates the isotopes to a very high speed with almost no contamination, thus allowing for the detection of trace isotopes at very low levels.
Personnel
The executive committee of the facility is composed of three University of Ottawa professors: William Kieser and Ian Clark.
See also
List of accelerator mass spectrometry facilities
University of Ottawa
References
External links
University of Ottawa
Accelerator mass spectrometry
2014 establishments in Ontario
Educational institutions established in 2014
Theodosii Spassov (born 4 March 1961) is a Bulgarian jazz musician who plays kaval.
Theodosii Spassov began their early training on the kaval at the Kotel Music School and The Academy of Music and Dance in Plovdiv/Bulgaria. The kaval, an eight-hole wooden "shepherd" flute, is one of the oldest Instruments in Europe, rich in tone and technical possibilities. Theodosii Spassov has developed their own unique style of playing the instrument by synthesizing traditional folklore with jazz, fusion and classical music.
For over 20 years, Theodosii has toured all over Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Australia, Canada and United States. In 1994, they performed with Sofia Women's Radio Choir which was awarded with a Grammy award for "Le Mystere Des Voix Bulgares". In April 1995, "Newsweek" magazine recognized Theodosii Spassov as one of the most talented Eastern-European musicians in its "best of the East" article, noting that "Spassov... is not merely surviving the post-communist cultural wasteland. They have actually invented a new musical genre."
Theodosii Spassov has contributed to 20 CDs, four of their own, which have been noted worldwide. They have composed and performed numerous film scores including a French-Bulgarian feature film "Granitza", ("The Border") 1993. Also they recorded themes for films by Italian composers Carlos Siliotto and Ennio Morricone, entitled "An Italian Story" and "The Breakout of the Innocent". At the fourth European Jazz Night, Theodosii Spassov was a featured performer along with other jazz musicians, including Winton Marsalis.
At home in Bulgaria, Theodosii Spassov is national figure and musical hero, and was recently honored with the "Music Artist of the Year" award.  They are the Artistic Director of the world-renowned "PHILIP KOUTEV Ensemble Of Music, Drama And Dance".
Theodosii is currently member of the company of the Irish music and dance "Riverdance"-(1998-2001). Now they are a soloist of Bulgarian National Radio.
Musical training
The Music School in Kotel and
The Academy of Music and Dance in Plovdiv.
Awards
The Special Prize of Detroit Flute Festival 1994
The International Academy of Arts in Paris Award 1996
“Music Artist of the Year” at the National Music Awards 1997 and 2002
Apollo Toxophoros for sparkling contribution to Bulgarian music 2001
National Film Centre Annual Awards-”Best film music composer” 2006
“Artist Of Salon Des Arts” 2007
“Dobri Chintulov” for culture activity 2009
“Golden Age” for contribution to Bulgarian culture 2011
"Artist for Peace" named by UNESCO in commitment to highlight music as a force to enhance dialogue among people, cultures and communities. 2015
Artists they worked with
Jazz Linia, “Le Mystere des Voix Bulgares”, Trio “Bulgarka”, National Radio Sofia Orchestras, Ivo Papazov, Yldiz Ibrahimova, Vesselin Nikolov, Milcho Leviev and Katoomi (Karen Briggs,Nedra Wheeler, Tootie Heath) Acoustic Version, Dave Liebman, Dimitrios Vassilakis, Andy Sheppard, Jamey Haddad, Albert Mangelsdorf, Mark Johnson, Trilok Gurtu, Kazumi Watanabe, Glen Velez, Rabih Abou-Khalil, Matt Darriau, Boyan Zulfikarpasic, Dionisis Savopulos, Paul McCandless, Glen Moore, Billy Cobham, The Shin, Ennio Morricone, Vlatko Stefanovski, Miroslav Tadić
Concerts as a soloist in
Spassov has done concerts in the following countries as a soloist; Argentina, Australia, Austria, Brazil, Canada, Finland, Germany, Greece, Holland, India, Israel, Japan, Nepal,
Russia, Spain, Switzerland, Turkey, the U.K. and the U.S..
External links
Theodosii Spassov's page
UNESCO home page
Bulgarian jazz musicians
People from Isperih
Living people
1961 births
Bulgarian flautists
Per Walsøe is a Danish former Supreme Court judge and a retired male badminton player who won a number of Danish national and international doubles titles from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s.
Career
Walsoe won the gold medal at the 1970 European Badminton Championships in men's doubles with Elo Hansen. They also captured the mixed doubles crown at the prestigious All-England Championships with Pernille Molgaard Hansen in 1970, having previously reached the final with the same partner in 1966 and 1967. Walsoe was also a runner-up with Svend Andersen (Pri) in the 1967 All-England men's doubles to fellow Danes Erland Kops and Henning Borch. One of the physically the largest men to have played world class badminton, Walsoe represented Denmark in Thomas Cup (world men's team) competition in the '66-'67, '69-'70, and '75-'76 seasons.
Achievements
Men's doubles
References
Danish male badminton players
Living people
1943 births
Supreme Court (Denmark) justices
Sally McNair (born 1956) is a female television sports journalist in Scotland. They worked as a presenter and reporter at STV on the world's longest-running TV sports programme, "Scotsport" from 1982.
Career
In 1982, McNair joined Scotsport and become the first female sports presenter in television in Scotland.
In 1990 they began presenting an afternoon show on BBC Radio Scotland.
They have worked at BBC Scotland and presented the shorter and weekend "Reporting Scotland" bulletins for many years. Occasionally, they present the main flagship programme when Sally Magnusson or Jackie Bird are away.
In over 30 years in TV journalism, Sally has also worked at ITN on Channel 4's original breakfast news programme, "The Channel Four Daily".
They presented the late news on the day of the official opening of BBC Scotland's new studios at Pacific Quay in Glasgow. The bulletin was being presented from an open-plan area of the building, and this resulted in most of the news being delivered over the noise of a party taking place in the building.
Escape to Glasgow documentary
On 14 November 2010, BBC Scotland aired the documentary Escape to Glasgow, in which McNair meets some of Britain's first evacuees, and retraces their journeys. The programme was aired for a second time in December 2010.
References
1956 births
Living people
BBC Scotland newsreaders and journalists
British reporters and correspondents
Scottish television presenters
British women television journalists
Women radio presenters
Bharat Immunologicals and Biologicals Corporation Limited (BIBCOL) is a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) of the Government of India. Established in 1989 in Bulandshahar, Uttar Pradesh, BIBCOL manufactures oral polio vaccines (OPVs) and other immunisers. The company formulates over 12.5 crore doses of OPV and had aggregated revenues of in fiscal 2006.
BIBCOL is under the administrative control of the Department of Biotechnology, Ministry of Science and Technology.
Products
Diarrhea Management Kit—Diarrhea Management Kit (Zinc Tablet + oral rehydration salts (ORS)) for management of diarrhea among young children.
Oral Polio Vaccine—The live oral polio vaccine (OPV) is a trivalent vaccine containing suspensions of type 1, 2 and 3 attenuated poliomyelitis viruses (Sabin strains) prepared in primary by monkey kidney cell culture.
Zinc Dispersible Tablet—The dispersible zinc tablet, BIBZinC-20 mg contains 20 mg of elemental zinc as active ingredient and contains sweetener and taste masker (Vanilla flavor) and is scored tablet. The product is in line with the recommendations of the WHO. The product is produced with technology transfer from Nutriset through the Department of Biotechnology, Ministry of Science and Technology, Government of India. The Nutriset product has been tested in Indian fields and clinical trials have evaluated the efficacy of zinc supplementation and safety.
IFA Tablets—Iron-deficiency anemia (IDA) is most ignored in developing countries and is the major cause of anemia. The Iron Folic Tablets (IFA Tablets) are a crucial component for treatment of iron deficiency and IDA.
See also
U. C. Chaturvedi
References
External links
http://www.bibcol.com/ (Official Website)
Government-owned companies of India
Companies based in Uttar Pradesh
Health care companies of India
Science and technology in Uttar Pradesh
Indian companies established in 1999
1999 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Bulandshahr
Pharmaceutical companies established in 2009
Companies listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange
Biotechnology companies established in 2009
Professor Hubert Frank Woods (1937-2016), known as Frank, was a British pharmacologist.
They were appointed professor of pharmacology and therapeutics at the University of Sheffield in 1976. In 1989 they became Sir George Franklin professor of medicine and was made the University's director of the division of clinical sciences (south). They were dean of the faculty of medicine there from 1988 to 1998.
They served as chair of the General Medical Council's Health Committee, and sat on the Committee on Toxicity of Chemicals in Food, Consumer Products and the Environment, and was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2001 Birthday Honours, for services to the latter.
They were elected a Fellow of the Academy of Medical Sciences in 1998, a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh, and a Fellow of the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Medicine.
They died in January 2016.
References
External links
Wellcome Trust Course Oral History Interviews in three parts (around two hours in all)
- Frank Woods (G 51-57).html St Beghian Society obituary
1937 births
Place of birth missing
2016 deaths
Place of death missing
British pharmacologists
Academics of the University of Sheffield
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh
Fellows of the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Medicine
A femoral nerve block is a nerve block that uses local anesthetic to achieve analgesia in the leg. The block works by affecting the femoral nerve.
A femoral nerve block results in anesthesia of the skin and muscles of the anterior thigh and most of the femur and knee joint, as well as the skin on the medial aspect of the leg below the knee joint.
The block can be performed using anatomical landmarks, ultrasound or a nerve stimulator.
See also
Fascia iliaca block
References
Regional anesthesia
David Stokes (born May 28, 1982, Dumfries, Virginia) is an American soccer player, who last played three seasons in Major League Soccer and two in the USL First Division.
Youth and college
Stokes attended high school at C.D. Hylton High School in Woodbridge, Virginia where they won back to back Virginia AAA state championships. Their high school team received a #1 national ranking in 1998. Stokes played club soccer for the Braddock Road Youth Club where they won 3 Virginia State Cups and a USYSA National Championship in 1999. Stokes also won an indoor National Championship with Braddock Road. They then played three years of college soccer at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 2000 to 2002. As a sophomore, Stokes was named Defensive MVP of the College Cup as they helped UNC to a national championship.
Club career
Professional
After finishing their junior season, Stokes signed a Project-40 contract with MLS. Hailed as the second-coming of Eddie Pope, Stokes was selected 5th overall in the 2003 MLS SuperDraft by D.C. United. Although Stokes' athleticism was clear, they did not receive the opportunity to play in regular season action during their rookie year. They did appear in U.S. Open Cup games for United, friendly matches (including a win against Blackburn Rovers) and made appearances on loan with the Virginia Beach Mariners. After Ray Hudson was released, many expected Stokes to play a larger role in Peter Nowak's team. Stokes had a promising beginning to the 2005 season in which they saw action in the CONCACAF champions cup and began the MLS regular season in the starting eleven. A concussion sidelined Stokes in the early part of their campaign. After recovering from this, they had another setback after they suffered a harsh tackle resulting in cartilage damage in their left ankle. The injury required surgery and ended Stokes' '05 seasons. Stokes worked hard to recover earlier than expected and arrived fit to play in the '06 preseasons, but 2 quadriceps tears sidelined Stokes once again until the late summer. Stokes worked their way back into the first team after reserve team appearances but did not receive much playing time in their last season with DC.
After their tenure with DC, Stokes overcame their injuries and signed with the Carolina Railhawks. They were able to return to school and continue to play as well. Stokes helped Carolina to back Southern Derby Cup championships and plans on graduating from UNC in the summer of 2009.
International
Stokes played for the United States under-23 men's national soccer team in the qualification rounds, notching the game winning assist in the group phase play vs. Honduras which locked the team into first place going into the semi-final. This talented group failed to qualify, however, after losing to Mexico in front of their crowd of 60,000+.
References
1982 births
Living people
American soccer players
North Carolina Tar Heels men's soccer players
North Carolina FC players
D.C. United players
USL First Division players
Virginia Beach Mariners players
North Carolina FC U23 players
People from Dumfries, Virginia
USL League Two players
Major League Soccer players
Soccer players from Virginia
United States men's under-23 international soccer players
D.C. United draft picks
Association football defenders
NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament Most Outstanding Player winners
Arthur V. Loughren (September 15, 1902 – December 14, 1993) was an American electrical engineer who played a prominent role in the development of NTSC television.
Loughren was born in Rensselaer, New York, and received their BA (1923) and EE (1925) degrees from Columbia University. They then worked at General Electric in its vacuum tube engineering department 1925–1927; radio engineering department 1927–1929; RCA engineering department 1930–1934; and radio receiver engineering section 1934–1936. In 1936 they joined Hazeltine Corporation, during World War II helped develop IFF equipment for the Navy, and afterwards directed its research on color television. They died at their home in Kailua-Kona, Hawaii.
Loughren was a fellow of the Institute of Radio Engineers, the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, and the Society of Motion Picture and Television Engineers. They received the 1953 SMPTE David Sarnoff Medal Award "for their contributions to the development of compatible color television, including their active work on the principle of constant luminance; for their participation in color video standards activities; and for their guidance in compatible color television", and the 1955 IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award "for their leadership and technical contributions in the formulation of the signal specification for compatible color television". Loughren was president of the Institute of Radio Engineers in 1956.
References
External links
IEEE Obituary
"Arthur V. Loughren, Director, 1953", Proceedings of the IRE, volume 41, issue 12, December 1953, pages 1698-1698.
Proceedings of the Institute of Radio Engineers, Volume 26, Number 5, May 1938
Albert Abramson, The History of Television, 1942 to 2000, McFarland & Company, 2003, page 44. ISBN
1902 births
1993 deaths
American electrical engineers
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Columbia School of Engineering and Applied Science alumni
People from Rensselaer, New York
Engineers from New York (state)
20th-century American engineers
Walnut Grove is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Hardin County, Tennessee. Walnut Grove is located on Tennessee State Route 69, north of the Alabama border. As of the 2010 census, its population was 396.
References
Census-designated places in Hardin County, Tennessee
Census-designated places in Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Hardin County, Tennessee
The Conservative Party of Virginia was a United States political party in the state of Virginia during the mid 20th century. The party formed after Mills E. Godwin, Jr. was selected as the Democratic party's candidate for governor in 1965 due to theirs openly soliciting the votes of African-Americans. 300 delegates met at Richmond, Virginia and formed the party and selected William J. Story, Jr., assistant superintendent of schools, Chesapeake, Va., for Governor; Reid T. Putney, a forestry consultant of Goochland, for Lieutenant-Governor, and John W. Carter for Attorney-General. In 1969 the party ran Beverly McDowell for governor.
See also
Conservative Party (United States)
References
Political parties in Virginia
Political parties established in 1965
1965 establishments in Virginia
Defunct conservative parties in the United States
White supremacist groups in the United States
Far-right political parties in the United States
The following is a list of chapters for the Japanese manga series Black Jack. It was created by Osamu Tezuka and published in Akita Shoten's Weekly Shōnen Champion from November 19, 1973, to October 14, 1983.
Some of the manga chapters were published in English by Viz Media throughout Volume 3 Issue 9 to Volume 4 Issue 8 of their manga anthology magazine, Manga Vizion. It was later released as two graphic novels. Vertical, Inc. has acquired the license and will release the Black Jack episodes in the order that Tezuka indicated for the hardcover Akita "Deluxe Edition". The order is listed below.
Volume list
Chapters not collected in Akita Deluxe edition
Some chapters listed here were included with the hardcover editions of Vertical Inc.'s publication of Black Jack. These have been noted.
References
See also
Black Jack
List of Black Jack episodes
List of Osamu Tezuka manga
Black Jack
Black Jack (manga)
In Japanese folklore the is a yōkai (a supernatural monster) thought to reside in the San'in region and the city of Tottori. It was believed to be the cause of echoing.
Mythology
The Yobuko was thought to live in the mountains, and whenever a traveler entered the mountains and raised their voice, it would mimic them and call back.
In the artwork of Shigeru Mizuki, the Yobuko is depicted as a young boy with one leg, a large face, and wearing a straw rain hat. In the Oki Islands they were called and was said to be a bird.
Yōkai
Hohe Wurzel may refer to two mountains in Germany:
Hohe Wurzel (Hunsrück), in Rhineland-Palatinate
Hohe Wurzel (Taunus), in Hesse
An Electronic Logging Device (ELD or E-Log) is a piece of electronic hardware attached to a commercial motor vehicle engine to record driving hours. The driving hours of commercial drivers (truck and bus drivers) are typically regulated by a set of rules known as the hours of service (HOS) in the United States and as drivers' working hours in Europe. The Commercial Vehicle Driver Hours of Service Regulations vary in Canada and the United States.
An ELD monitors a vehicle's engine to capture data on whether the engine is running, whether the vehicle is moving, distance driven, and duration of engine operation.
Previously, paper logs or electronic on-board recorders (EOBR) were used for hours of service tracking. While recorder logs improve the accuracy of the data, the lack of a consistent data format meant that the logs needed to be regenerated to an equivalent hardware ("paper") format for review and enforcement. The Record of Duty Status (RoDS) definition within the ELD legislation provides a consistent format for enforcement personnel to review, so the ELD Mandate was created.
The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (FMCSA) announced the Final Rule of the ELD mandate, and ELD regulations being implemented in several phases with a compliance date of December 18, 2017. Fleets already equipped with loggers or recorders had until December 2019 to ensure compliance with the published specifications.
Before the final rule of the ELD mandate was announced, fleets used the Automatic On-Board Device (AOBRD), a much simpler version of the ELD device that did not provide fleets with many features. For instance, ELDs provide a standardized format and transfer process for roadside inspections, have more sophisticated location tracking, and enable drivers to accept or reject edits made to their driving logs – all of which are required under the ELD mandate.
As mentioned before, it became mandatory for fleets to transition from AOBRDs to ELDs.
References
Road haulage
David José Martins, known as David Canabarro, (born on 22 August 1796 in Taquari) was a Brazilian general. They died in 1867 in Santana do Livramento.
Biography
Canabarro had ancestry from the Azores region of Portugal. They were born to José Martins Coelho from Porto Alegre and Dona Mariana de Jesus Ignacia from the Island of Santa Catarina.
The surname "Canabarro" came from their grandfather, Manuel Teodósio Ferreira, who received the nickname from the 5th Marquis of Alegrete and added it to their own name.
Early military career
Campaigns in the Banda Oriental
Canabarro began their military career in the first campaign in the Banda Oriental of 1811–1812. David, at the age of fifteen, asked their father for permission to take their brother's place.
Canabarro fought for the forces of noble Dom Diogo de Sousa, the count of Rio Pardo. After the campaign they were promoted and returned home, though later they would fight in the second campaign in the Banda Oriental, from 1816 to 1820, that culminated in the annexation of the region as a province by the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil and the Algarves under the name of Cisplatina.
Cisplatine War
Years later they were a lieutenant in the forces of Bento Gonçalves in the Cisplatine War in 1825–1828, which culminated in a peace treaty in August 1828 that granted independence to Uruguay. There they played an important role in the Battle of Rincón de las Gallinas, saving the Brazilian army on 24 September 1825. This earned them the title of Army lieutenant. They took part in the 21st Light Cavalry Brigade commanded by Bento Gonçalves in the Battle of Ituzaingó.
When the war ended, they continued their military career, this time associated with their uncle Antonio Ferreira Canabarro in the border region with Uruguay near Santana do Livramento. By 1836, they adopted the name Canabarro at the insistence of their uncle. As suggested by historian Ivo Santanese Caggiano: "he must have had some connection with the Machados and Ferreiras of Sabrosa. Consequently, the descendants of the noble Canavarros of Portugal must be the Canabarros of Brazil."
Ragamuffin War
Canabarro was initially neutral in the Ragamuffin War. They later enlisted as a lieutenant, but quickly rose through the ranks and took command in June 1843, when Bento Gonçalves, to avoid a split among Republicans, left the command and went on to serve under the orders of Canabarro.
Their only defeat in war was in the Battle of Porongos, which relaxed the peace negotiations they undertook with the Baron of Caxias (later Duke). They were surprised by the troops of Mouringue and was defeated, notwithstanding their possession of the Black Lancers.
While negotiating peace with the Empire of Brazil, Canabarro offered their services to Juan Manuel de Rosas, ruler of the Argentine Confederation, who wanted to expand the borders of their country. In exchange for the cooperation of the Ragamuffin rebels, they would get help from Argentina to continue the war against the Empire. Canabarro responded by letter, where they stated their loyalty to the country.
As head of the rebels they accepted the amnesty offered by the government on 18 December 1844 by the Baron of Caxias, who came to be known as "the Peacemaker". In the negotiations on 25 February 1845, it was agreed that the Republicans would choose the next president of the province instead of having them be appointed by the central government in Rio de Janeiro. It was also agreed that the imperial government would be held accountable for the republican government's debt; that rebel military officers who wished to join the imperial army would remain in their former posts, and that the prisoners would be pardoned.
The Brazilian army
Canabarro fought in the Platine War and in the Uruguayan War, receiving the honorary title of "general" with which they fought the in the Paraguayan War.
Representations in popular culture
David Canabarro has been portrayed as a character in movies and television shows, played by Milton Mattos in the movie Neto Perde a Sua Alma (2001), and by Oscar Simch in the miniseries A Casa das Sete Mulheres (2003).
Bibliography
Porto Alegre, Achylles (1917). Illustrious Men of Rio Grande do Sul. Porto Alegre: Livraria Selbach.
Caggiano, Ivo (1992). David Canabarro lieutenant of the general. Porto Alegre: Martin Book.
1796 births
1867 deaths
People from Rio Grande do Sul
Brazilian people of Azorean descent
Brazilian rebels
Heads of state of former countries
Roboexotica (sometimes spelled: Roböxotica) is an annual festival and conference where scientists, researchers, computer experts and artists from all over the world build cocktail robots and discuss technological innovation, futurology and science fiction.
Roboexotica is also an ironic attempt to criticize techno-triumphalism and to dissect technological hypes.
The festival is currently produced by art collective monochrom. Until 2018, the festival was a cooperation of monochrom, Shifz, and the 'Bureau for Philosophy' (of the Department of Philosophy, University of Vienna).
The festival is usually held in the end of November or early December.
Overview
The annual international festival consists of an exhibition, a conference, social events, and the ACRA (Annual Cocktail Robot Award).
The exhibition presents robots that can mix cocktails, serve cocktails, consume cocktails, have bar conversations, light or smoke cigarettes or manage to impress the jury with (quote Roboexotica website) "other achievements in the sector of cocktail culture".
History
Starting in 1993, art and technology group monochrom (Johannes Grenzfurthner, Franz Ablinger) published an alternative magazine and online bulletin that featured blueprints for interesting DIY projects (like creating a DIY isolation tank or building rocket out of an office water cooler) and released articles and pamphlets that criticized the "uninspired and martial" machine culture (e.g. poking fun at Survival Research Labs and etoy) and supported a more playful way to create robots, specifically demanding that robots should "party with us, not work for us."
In 1999, Magnus Wurzer and Chris Veigl (of Shifz) presented a self-made bar robot at the small independent Viennese culture and art space VEKKS. monochrom took interest and participated with performances and presented machines, and soon teamed up with Shifz as organizers and the small event became a big international festival presented at Vienna's Museumsquartier and several other locations in the Vienna metro area. Roboexotica presents around 20 machines every year and draws around 3000 guests per event. The event is attracting robot builders from all over the world.
Roboexotica was presented at Cyberpipe (Ljubljana) in 2006, at Maker Faire (San Francisco) and RoboGames (San Francisco) in 2007.
Bre Pettis got inspired during an art residency in Vienna with Johannes Grenzfurthner/monochrom in 2007, when they wanted to create a robot that could print shot glasses for Roboexotica and did research about the RepRap project at the Vienna hackerspace Metalab. Shot glasses remained a theme throughout the history of MakerBot.
In 2008 a catalogue titled Roboexotica was published, celebrating the 10th anniversary of the festival. The book features reflections on the festival and presents statements by former participants including Cory Doctorow, Dorkbot's Doueglas Repetto, Bre Pettis, V. Vale, Karen Marcelo of Survival Research Laboratories or RoboGames' David Calkins and Simone Davalos.
A smaller show called "Roboexotica USA" was held in San Francisco in 2008 and 2009. It was organized by monochrom and Shifz and was well received by the press. In 2010 it was decided to rename the San Francisco-based cocktail robot event "Barbot," and Barbot events were held in San Francisco in 2010, 2011, 2012, and 2013.
Chase Masterson was special guest star at the 20th anniversary edition of the cocktail robot festival, and performed a live jazz set for "robots and humans".
In 2020 and 2021 the festival was adapted into a delivery service. monochrom offered to bring cocktail robots in a van to customers in the greater Vienna area and mix cocktails for them. The whole event was live-streamed as a videocast and hosted by Johannes Grenzfurthner, who also interviewed artists and technologists from all around the globe.
In 2022, Roboexotica was invited to host the opening night party at Fantastic Fest.
Reception
Roboexotica has been featured in Slashdot, Wired News, Reuters, New York Times, CNet and blogs like Boing Boing and New Scientist.
References
External links
Speaking in Vienna this weekend at Roboexotica: the cocktail robotics festivalarticle from BoingBoing
1999 in robotics
Annual events
Art festivals in Austria
Festival organizations in Europe
Festivals in Vienna
Future studies media
Innovation
Monochrom
New media art festivals
New media art
Recurring events established in 1999
Robotic art
Robotics events
Science fiction
Technology conferences
Technology conventions
Nick Neri (born May 12, 1995, in Palmetto, Florida) is an American racing driver. Neri has won various karting championships and has also raced in auto racing championship such as the Atlantic Championship. As of 2022, they have participated in 24 races and won 5 of them
Career
Karting
Neri started karting when they were six years old at Tri-City Kart Club in Pinellas Park, Florida. After three consecutive Kid Karts class championships, Neri moved to the World Karting Association Florida Championship Series. They won ten championships in the Florida Championships Series between 2003 and 2006.
Neri won their first national World Karting Association title in 2006, winning the HPV Sportsman title. They also won races in the prestigious Florida Winter Tour and Stars of Karting championships. Neri raced in various karting classes including JICA and different Rotax Max classes. In 2012, Neri was selected by Tony Kart as one of their factory drivers. As Neri took a second place in the Superkarts! USA Supernationals in the Pro Stock Honda class, they won a special reward. The reward was to test a Global Rallycross Lights car.
Formula car racing
Neri made their debut in formula car racing in 2011. At Road Atlanta Neri won the first race they participated. The Florida native raced in the Formula Skip Barber Winter Series. They went on to win two more races at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca. Neri finished third in the championship standings, behind champion Jake Eidson and second placed driver Danilo Estrela. Following these strong results Neri was selected by Honda Performance Development to run a Honda powered Atlantic Championship car at Summit Point Motorsports Park. They were not able to set a qualifying time in their debut Atlantics outing as they broke a wheel. Technical difficulties prevented Neri from finishing the first race and not being able to start the second race. They made a comeback in formula racing in 2015, as they started in the new Formula Lites class.
Stock car racing
Nick Neri also has experience in stock car racing. They ran their first stock car race at Citrus County Speedway in 2012 winning four races during the season. The following year Neri won one race at Auburndale Speedway and competed in the Florida United Promoters Late Model Series. In 2014 they ran partial seasons at DeSoto Speedway and Showtime Speedway in the Super Late Model division scoring a total of four top ten finishes.
Racing record
American open–wheel racing results
(key)
Atlantic Championship
References
External links
Official website
1995 births
Atlantic Championship drivers
Racing drivers from Florida
Living people
People from Palmetto, Florida
Burnt Wagons is a former settlement in Inyo County, California, near Stovepipe Wells. It was located in Death Valley northwest of Death Valley Junction. The name recalls the emigrants of 1849 who abandoned and burnt their wagons at the site. The site is now registered as California Historical Landmark #441. The monument's plaque reads:
BURNED WAGONS POINT
Near this monument, the Jayhawker group of Death Valley Forty-Niners, gold seekers from Middle West, who entered Death Valley in 1849 seeking short route to the mines of central California, burned their wagons, dried the meat of some oxen and, with surviving animals, struggled westward on foot.
STATE REGISTERED LANDMARK NO.441Marker placed by California Centennials Commission. Base furnished by Death Valley '49ers, Inc.Dedicated December 3rd, 1949
See also
California Historical Landmarks in Inyo County
History of California through 1899
References
Former settlements in Inyo County, California
Populated places in the Mojave Desert
Death Valley
Former populated places in California
The Maybank Numismatic Museum is a museum in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, that is run and owned by the Maybank. It holds one of the largest coin and money collections in Malaysia. The museum is housed in Maybank Tower at Jalan Tun Perak. In September 2012, the museum was closed to the public for renovations, and has subsequently been reopened.
Transportation
The museum is accessible within walking distance north west of Plaza Rakyat LRT Station of RapidKL.
See also
List of museums in Malaysia
References
External links
Virtual Malaysia | Maybank Numismatic Museum
Museums of Malaysia | Maybank Numismatic Museum
Museums in Kuala Lumpur
Numismatic museums in Asia
Maybank
This is the progression of world record improvements of the 3000 metres M80 division of Masters athletics. Records must be set in properly conducted, official competitions under the standing IAAF rules unless modified by World Masters Athletics.
The M80 division consists of male athletes who have reached the age of 80 but have not yet reached the age of 85, so exactly from their 80th birthday to the day before their 85th birthday.
Key
References
Masters Athletics 3000 m list
Masters athletics world record progressions
Max Schäfer (17 January 1907 – 15 September 1990) was a German international footballer and manager.
References
1907 births
1990 deaths
Association football defenders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
TSV 1860 Munich players
German football managers
TSV 1860 Munich managers
FC Bayern Munich managers
Patrik Sten Ola Strenius (born 6 March 1972 in Karlskrona) is a retired Swedish athlete who competed in the sprinting events. They represented their country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the 4 × 100 metres relay where Sweden finished fifth in the final, having set the national record in the semifinals. In addition, they reached the finals at the 1995 World Indoor Championships and 1996 European Indoor Championships.
Competition record
Personal bests
Outdoor
100 metres – 10.21 (+1.3 m/s) (Madrid 1996)
200 metres – 21.01 (0.0 m/s) (Malmö 1996)
Indoor
60 metres – 6.61 (Barcelona 1995)
References
All-Athletics profile
1972 births
Living people
Swedish male sprinters
People from Karlskrona
Olympic athletes of Sweden
Athletes (track and field) at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Blekinge County
Alliance () is a political party in Kyrgyzstan formed by the merger of A Just Kyrgyzstan, Bir Bol and the Kyrgyz Liberal Democratic Party.
The leader of the party is Mirlan Jeenchoroyev, who previously led the party Respublika in the 2020 parliamentary election.
According to the preliminary results of the 2021 parliamentary election, the party came in fourth with 8 seats.
References
Political parties in Kyrgyzstan
Political parties established in 2021
Simion Mehedinți (; October 19, 1868 – December 14, 1962) was a Romanian geographer, the founding father of modern Romanian geography, and a titular member of the Romanian Academy. A figure of importance in the Junimea literary club, they were for a while editor of its magazine, Convorbiri Literare, and became a supporter of the fascist Iron Guard.
They were born in Soveja, Vrancea County. After attending primary school in their native village, they went to study theology, first in Focșani, and then in Bucharest, where they graduated from high school in 1888. They then enrolled at the Faculty of Letters of the University of Bucharest, graduating with a B.A. thesis on "J.J. Rousseau's ideas on education." They then pursued their studies in Paris, with Paul Vidal de la Blache, and at the University of Berlin, with Ferdinand von Richthofen. In 1895, Mehedinți transferred to Leipzig University, where they completed a Ph.D. degree in early 1899, with thesis "Über die Kartographische Induction" written under the direction of Friedrich Ratzel. They then returned to Romania, where they were appointed professor at the University of Bucharest and head of the first geography department at that university. They were a strong proponent of the geomorphology approach to geographic studies; their powerful position enabled them to impose this point of view on Romanian geography.
Mehedinți was elected corresponding member of the Romanian Academy in 1908, and titular member in 1915.
They died in Bucharest in 1962. Streets in Oradea, Otopeni, Sibiu, and in the Crângași neighborhood of Bucharest are named after him. High schools in Codlea, Galați, and Vidra also bear theirs name.
References
1868 births
1962 deaths
People from Vrancea County
University of Bucharest alumni
Romanian geographers
Romanian magazine editors
Romanian people of World War I
Junimists
Titular members of the Romanian Academy
Romanian Ministers of Culture
Romanian Ministers of Education
Members of the Iron Guard
Leipzig University alumni
University of Bucharest faculty
Geomorphologists
In Light Syrup is an album of B-sides and rare tracks by American alternative rock band Toad the Wet Sprocket, released in 1995. In Light Syrup was RIAA Certified Gold on June 4, 2001. This album includes the hit single "Good Intentions".
Track listing
References
Toad the Wet Sprocket albums
B-side compilation albums
1995 compilation albums
Columbia Records compilation albums
Folk rock albums
16974 Iphthime (; prov. designation: ) is a Jupiter trojan and a binary system from the Greek camp, approximately in diameter. It was discovered on 18 November 1998, by astronomers with the Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research at the ETS Test Site in Socorro, New Mexico. The dark Jovian asteroid belongs to the 80 largest Jupiter trojans and has a notably slow rotation of 78.9 hours. It was named after Iphthime from Greek mythology. The discovery of its companion by Hubble Space Telescope was announced in March 2016.
Orbit and classification
Iphthime is a dark Jovian asteroid orbiting in the leading Greek camp at Jupiter's Lagrangian point, 60° ahead of its orbit in a 1:1 resonance . It is also a non-family asteroid in the Jovian background population.
It orbits the Sun at a distance of 4.8–5.6 AU once every 11 years and 10 months (4,319 days; semi-major axis of 5.19 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.07 and an inclination of 15° with respect to the ecliptic. The body's observation arc begins with its first observation as at Crimea-Nauchnij in November 1974, or 24 years prior to its official discovery observation at Socorro.
Naming
This minor planet was named from Greek mythology after Iphthime, sister of Penelope and daughter of Icarius. Iphthime appears in their sister's dream to comfort them as they are grieving. The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 3 December 2017 ().
Physical characteristics
Iphthime is an assumed C-type asteroid. Its V–I color index of 0.96 is typical for D-type asteroids, the most common spectral type among the larger Jupiter trojans.
Rotation period
In October 2009, a rotational lightcurve of Iphthime was obtained for the first time by Stefano Mottola from photometric observations during seven nights at the Calar Alto Observatory in Spain. Lightcurve analysis gave a long rotation period of hours or 3.3 days with a brightness amplitude of 0.25 magnitude ().
Diameter and albedo
According to the surveys carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, the Japanese Akari satellite and the NEOWISE mission of NASA's Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer, Iphthime measures between 55.43 and 57.341 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo between 0.065 and 0.069. The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link adopts the results obtained by IRAS, that is an albedo of 0.0691 and a diameter of 55.43 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 9.8.
References
External links
(16974) Iphthime, Asteroids with Satellites Database, Johnston's Archive
Lightcurve Database Query (LCDB), at www.minorplanet.info
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (15001)-(20000) – Minor Planet Center
Asteroid 16974 Iphthime at the Small Bodies Data Ferret
016974
016974
Minor planets named from Greek mythology
Named minor planets
016974
19981118
Andrews Tetteh (born 25 May 2001) is a Greek- Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Greek Super League 2 club Kifisia.
References
2001 births
Living people
Ghanaian footballers
Super League Greece 2 players
Gamma Ethniki players
A.E. Kifisia F.C. players
Association football forwards
Domenico Messina (born 12 August 1962 in Cava de' Tirreni, Salerno, Italy) is an Italian football referee. They have refereed in the Serie A since 1995; their first match was played between Genoa and Padova on 15 January. Since then, they have refereed almost 200 matches in the Serie A.
In 1998, Messina was granted the right to referee international matches, and they joined UEFA's elite panel of referees in 2001, before they were replaced on the panel by fellow Italian Stefano Farina in 2005. They made their refereeing debut in the UEFA Champions League in 2001, refereeing a match between Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich. Messina has also refereed two Coppa Italia finals; first in 1999 between Parma and Fiorentina, and then the 2006 final between Internazionale and Roma.
At international level, Messina served as a FIFA referee in qualifiers for the 2002 and 2006 World Cups, as well as preliminary matches for Euro 2000, Euro 2004, and Euro 2008.
In the summer of 2006, Messina was involved in the Calciopoli scandal, giving evidence on behalf of the Italian Football Federation. In July 2007, Messina announced their intention to retire from professional refereeing at the end of the 2007–08 season, by which time they will have reached the age of 45, the FIFA-specified age that referees must retire from top-level refereeing.
References
1962 births
Living people
Sportspeople from the Province of Salerno
Italian football referees
was a Japanese-French yōga painter.
Born in Ohara Village (present day Itako), Ibaraki Prefecture, Murayama started to study watercolor painting under Susumu Kobori. After moving to Tokyo, they enrolled at the private .
In the latter half of the 1950s, they moved to France, the citizenship of which they acquired in 1981.
Awards
Prix Charles de Gaulle (1962).
Médaille d'honneur du travail (vermeil) and Honorary citizen of Paris (1991)
Honorary citizen of Itako, Ibarako Prefecture, Japan (1991)
Grande Medaille d'Or of the Académie des Beaux-Arts (1995)
Special Award for People of Merit of Ibaraki Prefecture (1996)
Chevalier (knight) of the Legion of Honour (1997)
References
Biography at Itako City official website
Interview in France News Digest
1918 births
2013 deaths
Japanese painters
French painters
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
James Kilroy may refer to:
James J. Kilroy, American shipyard inspector, supposed creator of Kilroy was here graffito, politician
James Kilroy (politician) (1890–1954), Irish Fianna Fáil politician
Batman Animated is a coffee table book written by Paul Dini and designed by Chip Kidd, about the popular TV show Batman: The Animated Series. It was first published in a hardcover edition in 1998 by Titan Books. A paperback edition of the book was published later.
Overview
A very picture-heavy book, Batman Animated features numerous sketches, storyboards, character designs, finished paintings and other material from the popular animated series about Batman, the iconic superhero character in the comic books published by DC Comics. The book details Batman's development from series producer and co-creator Bruce Timm's early sketches to their eventual finished look in the series, as well as the newer designs Timm made for the follow-up series The New Batman Adventures.
The designs of other significant characters, such as Robin, Batgirl and Nightwing, as well as Batman's numerous enemies (e.g., The Joker, Two-Face, and The Penguin) and allies (e.g., Alfred Pennyworth and Commissioner Gordon), are also explored in detail. The book also goes into the architecture of Gotham City and Batman's various vehicles, and provides a detailed look at the show's overall visual flair, such as the episodes' title cards. Various pieces of merchandising related to the series are also featured. The book has numerous fold-out pages that display larger images. As is common with coffee table books, visual design is heavily emphasized throughout the full-color book and numerous pages are dedicated to the artwork from the series.
In addition to the plentiful visual elements, the book also contains detailed background information and anecdotes from the series' history, development and production, as well as comments from the various series creators and voice actors. It discusses various production problems ranging from technical challenges to the constant struggle between the creators and the network's censors over whether specific scenes of action and dialogue were too intense. Batman Animated also goes over the creation of the two animated spin-off films, Mask of the Phantasm and Sub-Zero.
The book's author, Paul Dini, was a writer and the co-producer for Batman: The Animated Series. The designer, Chip Kidd, was also the author and designer of another book, Batman Collected, about Batman collectibles. Batman Animated also features an introduction by Bruce Timm as well as an ending by Paul Dini describing their then-upcoming series Batman Beyond.
Popular culture books
Works based on Batman: The Animated Series
1998 books
Books with cover art by Chip Kidd
Coffee table books
Batman in other media
Love on a Budget is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Herbert I. Leeds and starring Jed Prouty, Shirley Deane and Spring Byington. It was part of Twentieth Century Fox's Jones Family series of films. The Jones' eldest daughter Bonnie and their husband Herbert Thompson have money troubles, which their uncle attempts to help out with.
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Chester Gore and Bernard Herzbrun.
Cast
References
Bibliography
Bernard A. Drew. Motion Picture Series and Sequels: A Reference Guide. Routledge, 2013.
External links
1938 films
1938 comedy films
American comedy films
Films directed by Herbert I. Leeds
20th Century Fox films
American black-and-white films
Films scored by Samuel Kaylin
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
JDS Yashiro (MSC-603) was the only ship of its type of minesweeper of Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force (JMSDF).
Construction and career
Yashiro was laid down on 22 June 1955 and launched on 26 March 1956 by Nippon Kokan Keihin Shipyard. They were commissioned on 10 July 1956 and on September 1, the same year, the 31st Mine Warfare Group was newly formed in Kure District Force, and they were incorporated with JDS Atada and JDS Itsuki.
On 16 March 1957, the 31st Mine Warfare Group was reorganized under the 1st Mine Warfare Force.
On 15 March 1969, the 31st Mine Warfare Group was reorganized into the Kure District Force.
On 2 March 1970, the 31st Mine Warfare Group was reorganized into the Hanshin Base Corps under the Kure District Force.
On 31 March 1972, they were changed to an auxiliary ship, their registration number was changed to YAS-58, and they were transferred to the Kure District Force.
They were decommissioned on March 18, 1981.
Citations
Ships built in Japan
1956 ships
Minesweepers of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force
Hamcearca is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Balabancea, Căprioara (historical name: Geaferca-Rusă), Hamcearca and Nifon.
The commune formerly included Taiţa village, mainly Russian-inhabited prior to 1877, but this had been depopulated by 1930.
Reportedly, the commune's name derives from Hamcerencu, the surname of the brothers who settled there around 1812.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Gribovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Ilezskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 18 as of 2002.
Geography
Gribovskaya is located 34 km northeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Golchevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Girdhari Lal Yadav is a competitive sailor from Madhya Pradesh.  They are a 2009 recipient of the Arjun Award.
They were awarded with Madhya Pradesh's highest sporting honor for coaches, Vishwamitra Award in December 2020 by Government of Madhya Pradesh.
References
Indian male sailors (sport)
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sportspeople from Madhya Pradesh
Novo Brasil is a municipality in eastern Goiás state, Brazil.
Location
Novo Brasil is located east of the capital near Iporá and São Luís de Montes Belos.
Distance to the state capital: 200 km.
Distance to regional center, São Luís de Montes Belos: 77 km.
Highway connections from Goiânia: state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia, through Trindade/ GO-326 / Anicuns / GO-222 / Choupana / GO-326 / Sanclerlândia / Buriti de Goiás.
Neighboring municipalities: Fazenda Nova, Córrego do Ouro, Jussara, and Itapirapuã
Political Information
In January 2005 the Mayor was José Fabiano Alves de Castro. There were 9 city-council members and 3,215 eligible voters in 2007.
Demographic Information
In 2007 the population density was 5.31 inhabitants/km2. There were 2,208 inhabitants in the urban area and 1,243 in the rural area. The population has declined by about 1,200 inhabitants since 1980 when it was 4,966. From 2000 to 2007 the population fell 2.7%.
Economic Information
The economy was based on services, agriculture, cattle raising, and government employment. In 2005 there were 4 industrial units and 36 retail units. There were no financial institutions. In 2007 there were 250 automobiles, 59 pickups and 410 motorcycles.
In 2006 there were 89,240 head of cattle, 27,615 head of poultry, and 4,850 head of swine. The main agricultural products were rice, bananas, manioc, and corn. None exceeded 500 hectares in planted area.
GDP (PIB) (R$1,000.00): 21,711 (2005)
GDP per capita (R$1.00): 5,722 (2005)
Agricultural data 2006
Farms: 493
Total area: 35,910 ha.
Area of permanent crops: 888 ha.
Area of perennial crops: 124 ha.
Area of natural pasture: 26,527 ha.
Area of woodland and forests: 7,206 ha.
Persons dependent on farming: 1,000
Farms with tractors: 34
Number of tractors: 46
Cattle herd: 92,000 head IBGE
Health and education
In 2007 there was 1 hospital with 27 beds and 2 walk-in health clinics. In 2002 there were 4 doctors, 1 nurse, 1 dentist, and 7 auxiliary nurses. In 2000 the infant mortality rate was 35.47, higher than the national average of 33.0.
In 2006 the school system had 6 schools, 27 classrooms, 56 teachers, and 860 students. Of these, 199 were attending a middle school. In 2000 the adult literacy rate was 83.9%, below the national average of 86.4%. In 2000 there were 2,470 students so the number has dropped substantially.
Municipal Human Development Index: 0.713
State ranking: 193 (out of 442 municipalities)
National ranking: 2.763 (out of 5,507 municipalities)
History
The settlement of this region began in 1949 when a group of farmers from Paraná arrived and settled between the Bocaina and Carapuça rivers. In 1953 the town achieved some prosperity and became known as Novo Brasil. In 1958 it became a district of Fazenda Nova. In the same year it was dismembered and made a municipality.
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
Microregions of Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Municipalities in Goiás
Scott Williamson is an American thru-hiker, most noted for being the first person to complete a continuous one-season round trip of the Pacific Crest Trail (PCT).  They are also noted for their speed records for hiking the PCT.
Hiking accomplishments
In 1995, Williamson completed the hiking “Triple Crown”, a coveted achievement among thru-hiker community. The “Triple Crown” consists of thru-hiking the "Big 3" National Scenic Trails: The Pacific Crest Trail (PCT), the Continental Divide Trail (CDT), and the Appalachian Trail (AT). Williamson completed the PCT in 1993 by using a lightweight style of hiking, with a pack base weight of . Williamson completed a thru-hike of the CDT in 1994, after a training hike of on the PCT. Finally, Williamson completed a thru-hike of the AT in 1995, by starting at the southern tip of Florida, hiking northward on the Florida Trail, continuing northward to get to the official start of the AT in Georgia at Springer Mountain, then completing the entire AT.
After attempting to perform a round-trip, or "yo-yo" of the PCT in 1996, 1997, 2000, and 2003, Williamson became the first person to perform a round-trip of the PCT in 2004. That trip started at the Mexico–US border, went to the Canada–US border, then returned to Mexico, for a total of in 205 days.
In 2006, Williamson became the first person to repeat the feat of "yo-yo"ing the PCT by becoming the second person to complete a PCT "yo-yo", doing it in 191 days.
In 2007, Williamson married their longtime girlfriend Michelle Turley and the newlyweds celebrated their honeymoon by thru-hiking the PCT southbound from Canada to Mexico.
In 2008, Williamson and Joe Kisner broke the unsupported speed record of the PCT, breaking Kisner's previous record-of 79 days, 21 hours and 42 minutes by over 8 days. The new record they set was 71 days, 2 hours and 41 minutes. This equates to an average distance of just under per day. In this case, "unsupported" means in the style of a thru-hiker, where supplies are obtained by hiking off the trail.
In 2009. Williamson and Adam Bradley broke simultaneously two PCT speed records for both the unsupported effort and the supported (assisted by a support crew for supplies, food and shelter) speed record of ultramarathon runner David Horton. Horton's previous record was 66 days, 7 hours, and 16 minutes, which Williamson and Bradley broke by about 21 hours. The new double record they set was 65 days, 9 hours, and 58 minutes. This equates to an average distance of approximately per day. Williamson and Bradley did their hike of the PCT without taking any detours or re-routes due to trail conditions. In addition, Williamson and Bradley did not accept any rides to re-supply in trail towns, which added approximately to their total walking distance.
In 2011, Williamson set a new PCT speed record, unsupported, by completing the trek in 64 days, 11 hours, 19 minutes. Like the 2009 record, this new record broke both the supported and unsupported speed records. The new record equates to an average distance of approximately per day. Unlike the record set in 2009, this PCT speed record was set going from north to south. Williamson finished at the Mexican border October 11. And finally as in 2009, Williamson did the hike of the PCT without taking any detours or re-routes due to trail conditions, nor accepted rides for re-supply.
As of 2011, Williamson has had over a 19 year hiking career, logged over and thru-hiked the PCT 13 times.
Personal life
In 1996, while working at a convenience store in Richmond, California, Williamson was shot in the face during an attempted robbery. The bullet is still lodged in their head.
Williamson states, “being shot, coming that close to death, that made me focus more on what I felt was important in my life,” and “if the hiking is very important to me, I'm going to pursue that, regardless of what other people may think. It made me more willing to just follow my passion.”
Williamson also states, “I don't own a home. I'm self-employed. I drive derelict vehicles I have to work on every weekend, but it's been well worth it. The sacrifices I've had to make to get out on the trail every summer has been well worth it.”
Williamson is married and lives in California with their wife.
See also
Ultralight backpacking
Pacific Crest Trail
Notes
References
San Francisco Chronicle article: “Hiker travels light, fast on Pacific Crest”
Pea Hicks' (Trail Name – Girl Scout) video of Williamson's 2004 Yo-Yo Finish
CBS Sunday Morning article: “The Power of Walking”
The Sierra Sun article: "Trail Master"
Trailcast podcast on 2004 Yo-Yo: “Trailcast-25: Scott Williamson - First PCT Yo-Yo"
BackpackingLight.com podcast on 2006 Yo-Yo: “Scott Williamson and Yo-Yo-ing the PCT”
The Sierra Sun article: “2,650 miles, 37 miles per day, 71 days”
Reno News & Review article: “Walking tall”
Fastest Known Time website lists the Speed Record
PCT News flash: “Scott Williamson Sets A New PCT Speed Record”
Sign-On San Diego article: "Hiker sets speed record on Pacific Crest Trail"
Living people
Hikers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Paroedura vahiny is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae. It is endemic to Madagascar.
References
Paroedura
Reptiles of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 2000
Robert Wetsel Mitchell (April 25, 1933 – March 18, 2010) was an American invertebrate zoologist and photographer who was particularly active in the study of the biology of caves.
Mitchell was awarded Bachelor of Science (1954) and Master of Science (1955) degrees from Texas Tech University, and Doctor of Philosophy from the University of Texas at Austin in 1961. They also served in the United States Air Force Medical Service from 1955 to 1957.
Genera and species Mitchell described include Typhlochactas (1971), Typhlochactas reddelli (1968), Typhlochactas rhodesi (1968), and Sotanochactas elliotti (1971) .
Typhlochactas mitchelli or Pseudocellus mitchelli are named in honor of Mitchell.
References
External links
scorpion files: "robert-w-mitchell-rip"
American zoologists
Texas Tech University alumni
University of Texas at Austin alumni
1933 births
2010 deaths
People from Wellington, Texas
Universi Dominici gregis is an apostolic constitution of the Catholic Church issued by Pope John Paul II on 22 February 1996. It superseded Pope Paul VI's 1975 apostolic constitution, Romano Pontifici eligendo, and all previous apostolic constitutions and orders on the subject of the election of the Roman Pontiff.
Universi Dominici gregis ("the Lord's whole flock", from the opening statement "The Shepherd of the Lord's whole flock is the Bishop of the Church of Rome"), subtitled On the Vacancy of the Apostolic See and the Election of the Roman Pontiff, deals with the vacancy of the See of Rome, i.e., the papacy.
The constitution modified or in some cases confirmed the rules, for the conclave. It also clarified, during a sede vacante, which matters could be handled by the College of Cardinals and which matters were reserved for the future pope.
Contents
Universi Dominici gregis consists of an introduction followed by a body of 92 numbered sections, normally just one paragraph but occasionally more than one, and a concluding "Promulgation", which activates the document. The body is divided into two parts, but the 92 sections are numbered continuously.
Part One
During a sede vacante, the College has no power in things which pertain to the pope during their lifetime or of their office. Any such act that the College exercises beyond the limits expressly permitted by this document is null and void.
To be eligible to vote, a cardinal must be no more than eighty years of age on the day before the death or resignation of the pope.
The maximum number of cardinals who can participate in a conclave is 120. There is no restriction on the number of cardinals over the age of 80.
A vote may or may not be taken on the afternoon of the first day. If such a vote occurs, only one vote shall take place and it is counted separately for purposes of determining when a change in the balloting requirements can be made, as explained elsewhere in this constitution.
Excluding the afternoon of the first day, a maximum of four votes are taken each day, two votes in the morning and two in the afternoon.
On the first 32 ballots taken (or 33, if a ballot was cast on the afternoon of the first day), a pope shall be elected by a vote of two-thirds of those participating in the conclave. Thereafter, an absolute majority of the conclave participants may change the rule that a two-thirds vote is required for election to a different threshold, but a valid election always requires an absolute majority of the votes. (This was later modified by Benedict XVI.)
Part Two
Chapter II deals with arrangements involving the public viewing and burial of the deceased pope and matters after their death and it provides for the organization of the College into a General Congregation and a Particular Congregation.
The General Congregation consists of the entire College of Cardinals. Attendance at meetings is mandatory for all cardinals who have arrived at the Vatican to participate in the selection of the new pope except for those over age 80, whose attendance is optional. This Congregation handles matters of major importance that cannot be handled by the Particular Congregation.
The Particular Congregation consists of the Cardinal Camerlengo and three Cardinals, one from each order chosen by lot from the General Congregation. Except for the Camerlengo, the term of each of these three cardinals is three days. This Congregation handles routine matters. Any decision of a Particular Congregation cannot be changed by a later Particular Congregation, but only by a majority vote of the General Congregation.
Major changes
Secrecy
Strict secrecy is to be ensured throughout the process. Anyone violating the security of the Vatican, introducing recording equipment, or communicating with a cardinal elector in any way, risks excommunication. Other penalties are at the discretion of the incoming Pope. Participants are required to take oaths of secrecy.
Methods of election
Previously, in addition to secret ballot two other methods were allowed for the conduct of the election. A committee of nine to fifteen unanimously chosen cardinals might have been delegated, to make the choice for all (election by compromise, per compromissum). Alternatively, formal ballots could be discarded: in election by acclamation (per acclamationem seu inspirationem) the electors simultaneously shouted out the name of their preferred candidate. Both of these methods have now been abolished: the rationale given was that either compromise or acclamation would not require each cardinal to express their preference. Also, these two methods tended to produce controversy, and in any case neither had been used for quite some time—the last compromise election was of Pope John XXII in 1316, and the last affirmation (acclamation) election was of Innocent XI in 1676. As a result, election by secret ballot is now the only valid method of electing a Pope.
Living quarters
Universi Dominici gregis provided that Cardinals would be housed in Domus Sanctae Marthae, a building with dormitory type accommodation built within the Vatican City. Previously Cardinals were housed in improvised accommodations which were often noted for not being particularly comfortable.
Other
New voting procedures allowed for the election of a pope by a simple majority in certain circumstances.
For the first time in centuries cardinals were to be housed in apartments separate from the Sistine Chapel.
The method by which a pope symbolically took office was made less specific. Whereas Pope Paul's Romano Pontifici Eligendo spoke of a coronation, the new apostolic constitution referred to the "inauguration of the pontificate" without choosing between an enthronement ceremony, a papal coronation or the papal inauguration used since 1978.
The document anticipated the possibility of a papal resignation when specifying that the procedures it prescribes should be observed "even if the vacancy of the Apostolic See should occur as a result of the resignation of the Supreme Pontiff".(para. 77)
Later use and amendment
The only papal election held under these rules without amendment was that of 2005 that chose John Paul's successor Benedict XVI.
On 11 June 2007, Pope Benedict XVI reinstated the requirement that a papal election require a two-thirds majority regardless of the number of ballots taken.
After Pope Benedict XVI announced their resignation, on 25 February 2013, they issued another decree, Normas nonnullas, which allowed the College of Cardinals to bring forward the start of a conclave once all cardinals are present or delay the start a few days if serious reasons justify the change in scheduling. They also amended the rules to declare automatic excommunication of any non-cardinal who broke the oath of secrecy of the College of Cardinals during the proceedings. Previously any such person was subject to punishment at the discretion of the new pope. The new rules were first applied in the 2013 conclave that elected Pope Francis.
See also
Papal veto
Conclave capitulation
Pascendi Dominici gregis
Notes
References
External links
Universi Dominici gregis
1996 in Christianity
1996 documents
Apostolic constitutions of Pope John Paul II
Election of the Pope
Latin texts
Vettiyar is a village in the district of Alappuzha, in Kerala, India, on the Mavelikkara - Pandalam road. It lies on the banks of Achankovil river. It is situated between Mavelikkara and Pandalam.
Village life
Vettiyar consists of many green paddy fields, rubber plantations, cashew trees, coconut trees, betel leaves. It is a small village where urbanization are improving. Football is the most popular pastime of youths in the village.
VETTIYAR NERCHAPALLI CHANDANKUDAM NERCHA FAMOUS IN KERALA.THE FESTIVAL CONDUCT ON JANUARY 23-24 ON EVERY YEAR.
Pathamudayam is a festival conducted at Palliyarakkavu temple on 23 April and September 1 to 8.
Mosques
VETTIYAR KIZHAKK NERCHAPALLI (NAJATHUL ISLAM JHUMA MAJID)
HIDAYATHUL ISLAM JHUMA MASJID VETTIYAR
Temples
Palliyarakkavu Devi Temple (the village temple)
Ramanalloor Sree Mahavishnu Temple
Kandakalankavu Shiva Temple
Kottalethu Temple
Mekkattusseril Durga Temple
Parakulangara Devi Temple
Moorthy Temple
Sankaran Swamy Kuzhivila
Chattampi Swami-Kandakalankavu
Tharayil Nagakshethram
Churches
Indian Pentecostal Church of God-Bethel
Indian Pentecostal Church of God Salem
St. Thomas Marthoma Church, Vettiyar
New India Bible Church, Kottemala
Pentecostal Maranatha Gospel Church
Salom Marthoma Church
Shalom CSI Church
Sharon Fellowship Church
St. Mary's Malankara Catholic Church
St. Mary's Orthodox Church
St. Thomas Evangelical Church of India
OPA-CESS Headquarters, Vettiyar
Schools
Devi Vilasom Lower Primary School
Edappon Higher Secondary School
Janardhanan Memorial Ezhuthu Palli
Mannam Memorial Lower Primary School
Mohammaden Lower Primary School, Nalumukku
T. M. Varghese Memorial High School
Iratta Pallikkudam
References
Villages in Alappuzha district
Hamilton is an unincorporated community located in the town of Byron, Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Żaryn' is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
(1916-2010), Polish translator, lawyer and social activist, Righteous Among the Nations
Jan Żaryn (born 1958),Polish historian and politician
Stanisław Żaryn (1913–1964), Polish architect, urbanist, historian and academic teacher
Polish-language surnames
is a Japanese visual kei rock/metal musician, best known as the guitarist and main composer for the now disbanded D'espairsRay.  They are now in Angelo, which they joined in 2011.
Biography
Early life
During middle school Karyu's father gave them an electric guitar and taught them how to play; this was the start of their interest in music. While in high school they started to search for band mates, and eventually formed the short lived Dieur Mind. They performed Boøwy covers, until recording their demo tape "Message". But by then Karyu, who at the time went by the name Yoshitaka, was threatening to disband. On Dieur Mind's last tour Karyu randomly met Zero and their band at that time. After dining together they had found they shared the same goals. Later Karyu went and saw Le'Viel, Hizumi and Tsukasa's band. Karyu was so impressed by their performance that they asked Hizumi to join him, but they declined until Le'Viel had broken up. Karyu finally met Tsukasa after Hizumi suggested them for the band. Eventually, Karyu called Zero, Hizumi, and Tsukasa one day to record a demo tape; that being the birth of D'espairsRay.
Post D'espairsRay; Luv Parade and Angelo
After D'espairsRay disbanded on June 15, 2011, Karyu along with Zero and Tsukasa, participated in Luv Parade, a live session band, with defspiral singer Taka.
In August 2011, it was announced that Karyu, and Giru (ex:Vidoll), had joined Kirito, Kohta and Takeo (all three ex:Pierrot) in Angelo.
References
External links
Signature ESP guitar
Living people
Industrial musicians
Visual kei musicians
Japanese heavy metal guitarists
Japanese rock guitarists
Musicians from Yamaguchi Prefecture
20th-century Japanese guitarists
21st-century Japanese guitarists
20th-century Japanese male musicians
21st-century Japanese male musicians
1978 births
The Buckeye system (also called BuckEye) is an operational airborne surveying system that provides high-resolution spatial imagery over an area of interest to support military operations involved with intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance. Once mounted on a helicopter or an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), it incorporates visual information from a digital camera and elevation data from a Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR) system to create a two and three-dimensional colored map with orthorectified, 4 to 6-inch resolution.
Buckeye has been used by deployed personnel from the Topographic Engineering Center to support operations in both Afghanistan and Iraq, including Operation Iraqi Freedom. In 2007, it was named by the Army as one of the top ten inventions of 2006.
History
In 2004, the U.S. Army Engineer Research and Development Center (ERDC) in Vicksburg, Mississippi developed the Buckeye system in an effort to provide more accurate geospatial information during asymmetric warfare. At the time, Buckeye provided a higher resolution imagery than Controlled Image Base 1 (CIB1), which was the military standard in terms of resolution range for digital imagery. Initially, Buckeye was designed to provide imagery for change detection applications for detection of improvised explosive devices (IEDs). However, the time delay that occurred every time the geospatial information was delivered to the ground-station caused Buckeye to be more effectively used as a tool for digitally mapping urban areas than finding IEDs.
The Buckeye system has been implemented by U.S. forces since November 2004, and the maps of urban terrain collected by the sensors have been used by U.S. military personnel since 2007. By 2016, Buckeye had collected more than 85,000 square kilometers (about 32,819 square miles) of geospatial imagery data in Iraq and more than 200,000 square kilometers (77,220 square miles) of data in Afghanistan, most of which was used to provide rapid tactical response in urban terrain.
Operation
The Buckeye system relies on two major components: the electro-optical (EO) imaging system and the LIDAR system. The EO system utilizes a CCD camera and an embedded imaging computer to obtain the desired images while accounting for the movement of the aerial system to which it is attached. The digital camera is able to operate at exposures as short as 1/4000 sec, eliminating motion blur for images acquired at typical ground velocities of 110 knots. To gather elevation data, Buckeye uses an Optech ALTM 3100 (Airborne Laser Terrain Mapper) LIDAR sensor system, which emits a laser pulse and records the time it takes for the energy to hit the target and return to the receiver. The time of the trip, combined with information regarding the angle of the sensor and the altitude, allows Buckeye to generate a 3D coordinate at the target. The combined efforts of both sensor systems transforms the collected images into a compressed, georeferenced, and colored mosaic, which can then be used to create a 3D map of the area.
Upgrades
Several organizations have contributed to further developments and upgrades. To add another level of visual information, ERDC has worked to combine the EO and LIDAR sensors in Buckeye with infrared (IR) sensors. To prevent the compression computer from overheating and shutting down when operating under direct sunlight and high temperatures, researchers made physical modifications to the 30-pound aerial system that often carried the sensors in the air to direct airflow to the hardware components and programmed the system to drop the CPU load to 66% if the internal temperature exceeded a critical level.
The Army Research Laboratory (ARL) in Adelphi, Maryland integrated aspects of the Constant Hawk surveillance system into Buckeye during the Iraq War to refine its three-dimensional capability. However, this upgrade was not implemented until after the war ended in Iraq. Researchers at ARL have also developed a 3D-viewer for Buckeye and other LIDAR systems as part of the Persistent Surveillance-Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (PS-ISR) concept demonstration, a project to prepare the U.S. Army for future warfare. ARL has used Buckeye data to develop Tactical Digital Hologram technology, a variant of 3D holographic technology that compares 3D holographic static images against conventional topographic data for intelligence, reconnaissance, and training purposes.
References
Lidar
Electronic warfare
War on terror
Military technology
Weapons countermeasures
Radar signal processing
BOSS Audio Systems is an American manufacturer of audio and video equipment for automotive, power sport and marine applications.
The company was founded by Sam Rabbani in 1987.
References
External links
Official website
Audio equipment manufacturers of the United States
Companies based in Oxnard, California
Consumer electronics brands
Electronics companies established in 1987
Loudspeaker manufacturers
Nur-Islam Adymovich Dzhabrailov (; born 16 August 1992) is a former Russian footballer.
Career
Dzhabrailov made their professional debut for FC Terek Grozny on 13 July 2010 in the Russian Cup game against FC Luch-Energiya Vladivostok.
External links
Player page on the official FC Terek Grozny website
1992 births
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Akhmat Grozny players
Place of birth missing (living people)
is a 2009 rhythm game created by Sega and Crypton Future Media for the PlayStation Portable. The game was first released on July 2, 2009 in Japan with no international release. The game primarily makes use of Vocaloid, a series of singing synthesizer software, and the songs created using these Vocaloids, most notably Hatsune Miku. The game is the first video game to utilize the Vocaloid software developed by the Yamaha Corporation.
In addition, Sega has released Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Dreamy Theater, a downloadable game on the PlayStation Network for the PlayStation 3. It allows players to play Project DIVA on the PlayStation 3 with updated visuals though it requires the PlayStation Portable to be plugged into the PlayStation 3 via USB cable.
Gameplay
As the first game in the series, Project Diva has a gameplay similar to that of the series, albeit without some of the current features in the series. The game features three difficulty modes: Easy, Medium, and Hard, as opposed to the four difficulty modes of the series forgoing the Extreme difficulty, which was only added in the sequel, Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA 2nd.
Song list
There are a total of 77 songs available in Hatsune Miku: Project Diva. 36 songs are obtained normally by playing through the game, 14 songs are only available through Edit Mode, and 27 songs need to be purchased from the PlayStation Network.
Songs with a grey background can only be played in Edit Mode.
Songs with an orange background are DLC and must be purchased from the PlayStation Network.
Notes
1.Unlocked by completing the Hatsune Miku version of this song twice on Normal difficulty, with a "Standard" or "Great" rating.
2.Unlocked by completing the Hatsune Miku version of this song three times on Normal difficulty, with a "Standard" or "Great" rating.
DLC
Two sets of DLC were released for Hatsune Miku Project Diva. The first set features Hatsune Miku and the second set features Kagamine Len, Kagamine Rin, and Megurine Luka.
DLC Set #1 - Miku Uta, Okawari
9 songs sung by Hatsune Miku
High-quality polygon PVs of all the songs (can only be viewed)
'Hello Planet' Miku 8-bit minigame
Special Miku theme for PSP XrossMediaBar (XMB) menu
DLC set #2 - Motto Okawari, Rin, Len, Luka
18 songs sung by Kagamine Len, Kagamine Rin, and Megurine Luka
High-quality polygon PVs of all the songs (can only be viewed)
'Toeto' Luka minigame
Special Len/Rin and Luka themes for PSP XMB menu
Dreamy Theater
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA Dreamy Theater is a downloadable game for the PlayStation 3 that enables the game to be played on the console, with the use of a PlayStation Portable, that was released on June 24, 2010. The game can be downloaded from the PlayStation Store and must be installed on both the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Portable to facilitate connectivity between the two devices. The game features exactly the same gameplay as the portable version but with upgraded graphics that are on par with an average PlayStation 3 game. The game however requires the PlayStation Portable to be plugged into the PlayStation 3 and all times whilst playing the game.
References
External links
Official Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA website
2009 video games
Japan-exclusive video games
Music video games
PlayStation Portable games
PlayStation 3 games
Sega video games
Creative works using vocaloids
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA games
Video games developed in Japan
Philip Hone (October 25, 1780 – May 5, 1851) was Mayor of New York City from 1826 to 1827. They were most notable for a detailed diary they kept from 1828 until the time of their death in 1851, which is said to be the most extensive and detailed on the first half of 19th-century America.
Early life
Hone was born in New York City on October 25, 1780. They were the son of Philip Hone (1743–1798), a German immigrant carpenter, and Esther (née Bourdet) Hone (1742–1798).
Career
Hone first began working in the auction business, which made them wealthy. They were also a successful merchant and a founder of the Mercantile Library Association and they were the first president of the Delaware and Hudson Canal Company in 1825 and 1826.
They became a man of great prominence in New York society for their wealth, sophistication, extensive travel and good taste, and was good friends with most of the political, artistic and scientific leaders of their day. Most notable among them were: Washington Irving, Samuel Morse, Daniel Webster, John Jacob Astor and U.S. Presidents John Quincy Adams and Martin Van Buren.
Hone's diary records not only their society engagements and the major events and spectacles in the city in the first half of the century, but also their view of a changing city: their disapproval of Andrew Jackson; the disconcerting effects of the city's constant construction; and their utter disgust with most Irish immigrants.
In 1827, they were elected into the National Academy of Design as an Honorary Academician. Hone lived in an elegant town house at 235 Broadway, opposite City Hall Park. The site was later one of those purchased by F. W. Woolworth for construction of the Woolworth Building.
Political career
Originally a Federalist, they were elected mayor in 1826 and served one term. They later became active in the Whig Party.
During the Zachary Taylor administration, they served as Naval Officer of the Port of New York.
Personal life
Hone was married to Catharine Dunscomb (1778–1850), the daughter of Daniel and Margaret Dunscomb. Catherine's sister, Margaret Bradford Dunscomb, was married to Robert Swartwout, the military officer, merchant, alderman, and Navy agent. Together, they were the parents of:
Robert Swartwout Hone (1815–1898)
Mary S. Hone (1814–1840), who married John Jones Schermerhorn (1806–1876), the son of Peter Schermerhorn and brother of William Colford Schermerhorn, in 1832.
Hone died in New York City on May 5, 1851. They were buried at Saint Mark's Church in-the-Bowery.
Legacy
Honesdale, Pennsylvania, is named in honor of Philip Hone, as is Hone Avenue in the Bronx.
Notes
External links
Diary of Philip Hone 1828–1851, Vol. 1 Cornell University Library Making of America Monographs {Reprinted by}Cornell University Library Digital Collections
Diary of Philip Hone 1828–1851, Vol. 2 Cornell University Library Making of America Monographs {Reprinted by}Cornell University Library Digital Collections
1780 births
1851 deaths
People from Manhattan
Mayors of New York City
New York (state) Federalists
New York (state) Whigs
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American railroad executives
Delaware and Hudson Railway
Arthur Leo Guepe (January 28, 1915 – November 4, 2001) was an American football player and coach. They served as the head coach at the University of Virginia from 1946 to 1952 and Vanderbilt University from 1953 to 1962, compiling a career college football record of 86–71–9.
Playing and assistant coaching career
Guepe played quarterback at Marquette University from 1934 to 1936 in a backfield that included two-time All-American Ray Buivid, Ray Sonnenberg, and Arthur's twin brother, Albert Guepe. The Golden Avalanche compiled records of 7–1 in 1935 and 7–2 in 1936, the latter season concluding with a 16–6 loss to Sammy Baugh and TCU in the 1937 Cotton Bowl Classic. Guepe and their twin brother, Al, starred for Marquette from 1933 to 1936. In the TCU game, Guepe raced a punt back 60 yards for the first touchdown in Cotton Bowl history to give Marquette an early lead. After graduation, Guepe served one season as freshmen football and basketball coach at Marquette, and then moved to the University of Virginia as an assistant football coach from 1938 to 1942. Guepe served in the United States Navy during World War II and played one season in 1943 for the Iowa Pre-Flight Seahawks football team.
Head coaching career
Guepe was the head coach of the Virginia Cavaliers football program from 1946 to 1952, having compiled a 47–17–2 (.727) record. Their final three years were their best, winning eight games in each of those seasons. Their '51 team finished 8–1 and ranked 13th in the nation.
Vanderbilt University lured Guepe from Virginia in 1953 and they coached the Commodores for ten seasons (1953–1962). Guepe's 1955 Vandy team, beat 8th-ranked Auburn in the Gator Bowl and finished 8–3. Their Vandy teams won more Southeastern Conference games (19) than any Commodore coach before or since.
Upon retiring from coaching after the 1962 season, Guepe said matter-of-factly and without bitterness: "There is no way you can be Harvard Monday through Friday and try to be Alabama on Saturday." Their message to the Vanderbilt chancellor and trustees was unambiguous. To be competitive in the arena of big-time college football, Vanderbilt would have to relax some of its high standards of admissions and academic eligibility. Their son, Arthur A. Guepe, played football at Vanderbilt from 1961 to 1963.
Later life and death
Guepe served as the Ohio Valley Conference's first commissioner from 1963 to 1975. Guepe died on November 4, 2001 at a nursing home in Florida.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1915 births
2001 deaths
American football quarterbacks
Iowa Pre-Flight Seahawks football players
Marquette Golden Avalanche football coaches
Marquette Golden Avalanche football players
Vanderbilt Commodores athletic directors
Vanderbilt Commodores football coaches
Vanderbilt Commodores football players
Virginia Cavaliers football coaches
Ohio Valley Conference commissioners
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Sportspeople from Milwaukee
Players of American football from Milwaukee
UU or uu may refer to:
Businesses
United Utilities (LSE stock symbol UU)
Air Austral (IATA airline code UU)
Language
"uu", an old way of spelling the letter "w" in certain Germanic languages, including Old English
The letter combination of uu
Science and technology
UUNET, Internet Service Provider commonly referred to as 'UU'
Unique users, may be counted as part of web analytics in determining the popularity of a website
UMTS air interface or "Uu interface", which links User Equipment to the UMTS Terrestrial Radio Access Network
Unix-to-Unix, as in uuencode, a data transport encoding
.uu, a compressed archive file extension, associated with uuencode
Universities
Ulster University in Northern Ireland
University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States
Uppsala University in Sweden
Utrecht University in the Netherlands
Uttaranchal University in Uttarakhand, India
Other uses
Union of Utrecht (Old Catholic), a federation of Old Catholic churches
Unitarian Universalism, a theologically liberal religion characterized by its support for a "free and responsible search for truth and meaning."
Unseen University, in the fictional Discworld novels of Terry Pratchett
UU, the production code for the 1968 Doctor Who is a serial The Mind Robber
U'u a war club from Marquesas Islands
Undead Unluck a shorthand for the manga by Yoshifumi Tozuka.
See also
VV (disambiguation)
W (disambiguation)
2U (disambiguation)
U2 (disambiguation)
Izvoru Berheciului is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Antohești, Băimac, Făghieni, Izvoru Berheciului, Obârșia, Oțelești and Pădureni.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The 2000 season of 1. deild karla was the 46th season of second-tier football in Iceland.
Standings
Top scorers
References
RSSSF Page
1. deild karla (football) seasons
Iceland
Iceland
2
"A Hundred Mile High City" is a song by British rock band Ocean Colour Scene, taken as the first single from their third studio album, Marchin' Already (1997). The song was released in 1997 and reached number four on the UK Singles Chart, becoming the band's joint most-successful single on the UK Singles Chart and their second-most successful in terms of number of weeks spent in the top 75, staying in for seven weeks. It was also their first single to chart in Ireland and the Netherlands, peaking at numbers 15 and 98, respectively.
In 1998, "A Hundred Mile High City" appeared on the soundtrack to the black comedy crime film Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels. After the film premiered in the United States the following year, the song was added to several US alternative radio stations in mid-March 1999.
Track listings
UK CD single
"A Hundred Mile High City"
"The Face Smiles Back Easily"
"Falling to the Floor"
"Hello Monday"
UK 7-inch and cassette single
A. "A Hundred Mile High City"
B. "The Face Smiles Back Easily"
European CD single
"A Hundred Mile High City"
"Hello Monday"
Japanese CD single
"A Hundred Mile High City"
"Travellers Tune"
"Falling to the Floor"
"Hello Monday"
Personnel
Personnel are taken from the UK CD single liner notes and the Marchin' Already album booklet.
Ocean Colour Scene – writing, production, recording, mixing, engineering
Simon Fowler – vocals, guitar
Steve Cradock – guitar, piano
Damon Minchella – bass guitar
Oscar Harrison – drums
Brendan Lynch – production, recording, mixing, engineering
Martyn "Max" Heyes – production, engineering
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
In popular culture
"A Hundred Mile High City" was used as the theme to the film Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and the computer game Three Lions.
References
Ocean Colour Scene songs
1997 singles
1997 songs
MCA Records singles
Song recordings produced by Brendan Lynch (music producer)
Songs written by Damon Minchella
Songs written by Oscar Harrison
Songs written by Simon Fowler
Songs written by Steve Cradock
Squire Arden is a novel by Margaret Oliphant published in 1871.
Plot
The plot follows the story of Squire Edgar Arden of Arden, their sister Clare, and their poor cousin Arthur Arden. Squire Edgar is a model landlord and brother, but looks and acts nothing like the rest of the Arden family. Edgar's father, the old Squire, had mysteriously treated them with contempt until their death, raising doubts in some members of the community about Edgar's legitimacy. Arthur Arden, the charming ne'er-do-well cousin whose father had a longstanding feud with the old Squire, is pursuing Clare, who has once refused their proposal of marriage. To complicate matters, Arthur also hears of the rumors about Edgar's legitimacy and hopes they will be able to prove their claim to inherit Arden. In the end, the mystery of Edgar's past is revealed, with the aid of old letters hidden in a bureau and a visitor who is unusually interested in the Ardens' lives.
References
External links
Squire Arden, Vol. II, Vol. III, at Internet Archive
Squire Arden, at Hathi Trust.
1871 British novels
Victorian novels
Novels set in England
Canadian Cemetery No. 2 is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission burial ground for the dead of World War I situated on the grounds of the Canadian National Vimy Memorial Park near the French town of Neuville-Saint-Vaast.
The cemetery was originally named CD 5 and established as a battlefield cemetery of the Canadian 4th Division for Canadian troops killed in the Battle of Vimy Ridge. Battlefield clearances of the surrounding area in 1919 significantly increased the size of the cemetery. The cemetery was again reopened for burials in 1931, receiving its last Canadian burial in 1947. Despite the cemetery's name, the large majority of the dead are British.
The cemetery now contains the graves of 2,966 Commonwealth soldiers, a large portion of which are unidentified. The cemetery covers an area of 10,869 square metres and is enclosed by low walls of coursed stone.
Commemoration
29 Canadian soldiers buried in 11th Canadian Infantry Brigade Cemetery & near Gunner's Crater, both in Givenchy-en-Gohelle, but whose graves are now lost are commemorated by special memorial headstones, inscribed to this effect.
Notable graves
Private Charles Milligan, 10th Bn Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) was executed for desertion June 3, 1917.  They are now buried in plot 19. A. 14.
References
External links
Canadian Cemetery No. 2, Neuville-Saint Vaast at Find a Grave
Canadian military memorials and cemeteries
Commonwealth War Graves Commission cemeteries in France
World War I in the Pas-de-Calais
1917 establishments in France
Cemeteries in Pas-de-Calais
Carenum virescens is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1894.
References
virescens
Beetles described in 1894
Andrei Kuchumov is a Russian rugby league footballer who played for the Moscow Magicians and represented Russia national rugby league team in the 2000 World Cup. Kuchumov played in one match from the bench.
References
Living people
Russian rugby league players
Russia national rugby league team players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Aerosegovia was a charter airline based in Managua, Nicaragua that was formed with the assistance from Aero Caribbean. The airline ceased operations in March 2003 after the Nicaraguan Civil Aeronautics agency revoked the operating license due to lack of spare parts and other irregularities.
Services
Aerosegovia flew daily flights from Managua to:
Bluefields
Puerto Cabezas
Corn Island
In 1999 it operated a route from Managua to Tegucigalpa (Honduras) and on to Havana (Cuba), then the flight returned to Managua through Tegucigalpa.
Fleet
Aerosegovia operated the following aircraft:
1 Antonov An-32 (VN-CBV)
1 Antonov An-26B (YN-CGC)
1 Antonov An-24B (NV-CGD)
References
External links
AeroTransport Data Bank
Aerosegovia news
Cuba routes
Defunct airlines of Nicaragua
Airlines established in 1994
Airlines disestablished in 2003
1994 establishments in Nicaragua
Companies based in Managua
Marine Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Squadron 2 (VMU-2) is an unmanned aerial vehicle squadron in the United States Marine Corps that operates the RQ-21A Blackjack. The squadron is based at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point in Havelock, North Carolina and provides aerial surveillance, offensive air support, and electronic warfare for the II Marine Expeditionary Force. VMU-2 falls under the command of Marine Aircraft Group 14 and the 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
History
Early years
VMU-2 was originally formed in June 1984 as Detachment T, Target Acquisition Battery, 10th Marine Regiment, 2nd Marine Division, Fleet Marine Forces, Atlantic, thus becoming the first Remotely Piloted Vehicle (RPV) unit within the Marine Corps.
On August 22, 1984, the detachment reorganized, and was re-designated, as the 1st Remotely Piloted Vehicle Platoon, Headquarters Battalion, and 2nd Marine Division. During November 1984, Marines traveled to Israel and began indoctrination training on the Mastiff RPV system. Upon completion of contractor training, 1st RPV Platoon accepted its first two Mastiff air vehicles, control stations, and associated ground support equipment.
In June 1986, 1st RPV Platoon was assigned to the 13th Marine Amphibious Unit and embarked aboard USS Tarawa for operations in the Western Pacific. In October 1986, the 1st RPV Platoon was reorganized and re-designated as the 2nd Remotely Piloted Vehicle Company, Headquarters Battalion, 2nd Marine Division at Camp Lejeune, NC while deployed with the 13th MAU. The 2d RPV Company transitioned to the Pioneer (Option I) Unmanned Aerial Vehicle system. During May 1987, 2d RPV Company was awarded the Navy Unit Commendation for its numerous contributions to the fielding of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles within the Marine Corps.
During the next three years, the 2d RPV Company trained on the Pioneer system and deployed within the continental United States in support of several Marine Corps exercises. In February 1989, RPVs were incorporated into the Surveillance, Reconnaissance, Intelligence Group (SRIG) concept as an independent company under the group command in March 1990; the unit received the Pioneer Option II air vehicle. As the first UAV unit to field this upgrade, the company embarked aboard the USS Nassau and conducted the first shipboard trial operations of the Pioneer Option II air vehicle.
Gulf War and 1990s
In August 1990, the 2d RPV Company was reassigned to the 4th Marine Expeditionary Brigade (4th MEB) and embarked to Southwest Asia in support of Operation Desert Shield. The company remained embarked with the 4th MEB until November 1990. Thereafter, the company was ordered ashore and reassigned to the 1st Surveillance, Reconnaissance and Intelligence Group, I Marine Expeditionary Force. During January 1991, the company deployed to Saudi Arabia in direct support of the 2nd Marine Division and later conducted missions in support of Operation Desert Storm. From February 15, to March 3, 1991, direct support of Operation Desert Storm was conducted from Al Qurah. 2d RPV Company began retrograde operations and returned to Camp Lejeune on 20 March 1991. During Operation Desert Shield/Storm, 2d RPV Company flew a total of 69 sorties and 226 flight hours. Of these, 55 sorties and 192 flight hours were combat. No Pioneer air vehicles were lost as a result of enemy action.
During May 1991, a detachment from 2d RPV Company was formed to participate in Operation Provide Comfort and the Kurdish relief effort in northern Iraq. These Marines provided surveillance information during the conduct of the operation. The detachment returned to Camp Lejeune, NC on 31 May 1991. For the remainder of 1991, the company provided support to various elements of II Marine Expeditionary Force.
On January 1, 1993, 2d Remotely Piloted Vehicle Company was re-designated as the 2d Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Company and in February 1994, the company was re-equipped with the Pioneer Option II Plus air vehicle. On January 16, 1996, 2nd UAV Company was reorganized under Marine Aviation sponsorship and re-designated as Marine Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Squadron 2 (VMU 2). Placed under Marine Aircraft Group 14, 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing, the squadron was relocated to Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, NC in May 1996. Then, in August 2000, VMU-2 was reassigned to Marine Air Control Group 28, 2nd Marine Aircraft Wing.
Global War on Terrorism
Operation Iraqi Freedom
VMU-2 deployed to Kuwait in February 2003 and subsequently played a key role in Operation Southern Watch and Operation Iraqi Freedom (OIF). Conducting day and night aerial reconnaissance, surveillance, and target acquisition missions in support of coalition forces in the Persian Gulf region, the squadron was deployed for seven months in support of combat operations. Of the 30 squadrons, 200 aircraft and more than 7000 Marines and Sailors from 2nd MAW to conduct combat operations in Iraq, VMU-2 was the final unit to return from Iraq in September 2003.
In February 2004, the squadron deployed to Al Taqqadum Airbase, Iraq again in support of OIF conducting combat missions in support of coalition forces in the Sunni Triangle region. During this deployment the squadron flew over 2,100 hours comprising 700+ combat sorties in support of I MEF in and around Fallujah and Ramadi, Iraq. In August 2004 the Squadron returned to MCAS Cherry Point and began preparation for yet another deployment to Iraq.
The Night Owls deployed again in February 2005 in support of OIF 04-06. During this deployment, the Night Owls integrated the Boeing Insitu ScanEagle UAV into operations along the Euphrates River Valley, more than doubling total aerial reconnaissance coverage for the MEF to over 5,600 hours. The Night Owls returned home in September 2005, then deployed again in support of OIF 05-07 in February 2006, with 3D MAW and I MEF. Many improvements were made during this time which ultimately increased the efficiency and combat effectiveness of the Pioneer. Reurning home in late September 2006, the squadron immediately started preparing for the next OIF deployment.
In March 2007, the Night Owls deployed again for the fifth time in support of OIF 06-08. Deploying with the AAI RQ-2 Pioneer and ScanEagle yet again, the Night Owls executed a successful combat deployment and returned to MCAS Cherry Point later in 2007.
In January 2008, VMU-2 transitioned from the RQ-2B Pioneer to the RQ-7B Shadow. Transition training occurred at MCAS Cherry Point during their five-month dwell time. In April 2008, VMU-2 deployed to Iraq for its first operational deployment with the RQ-7B Shadow system and its sixth consecutive deployment in support of the War on Terror while simultaneously continuing to provide support with ScanEagle missions across the Al Anbar Province. During this deployment VMU-2 flew over 500 sorties totaling more than 2,400 flight hours.
Operation Enduring Freedom
In 2009, VMU-2 conducted flight operations throughout coastal North Carolina to prepare elements of VMU-2 for upcoming deployments to OIF and OEF. In April 2009, VMU-2 sent Marines to both Iraq and Afghanistan to support the “Overseas Contingency Operation” while conducting flight ops with both the Shadow and ScanEagle systems. In November 2009, VMU-2's two detachments that were deployed to OIF and OEF returned home safely after conducting RQ-7B Shadow and ScanEagle flight operations in both theaters.
During the first half of 2010, VMU-2 conducted flight operations throughout coastal North Carolina and Arizona. While supporting WTI, the Night Owls completed the Alternate Mission Rehearsal Exercise (AMRX) in preparation for the upcoming OEF deployment. This would be the squadron's tenth deployment in support of the War on Terror. In October 2010 VMU-2 deployed to Helmand Province, Afghanistan in support of OEF 10.2. During this deployment VMU-2 conducted multiple missions with both the RQ-7B Shadow and ScanEagle. VMU-2 returned from Afghanistan in May 2011 after conducting nearly 20,000 hours of combat flight operations. Throughout the spring and summer of 2011 the squadron continued conducting flight operations in Eastern North Carolina in preparation for domestic training exercises.
In January 2012, VMU-2 was, once again, preparing for another deployment and was conducting unit level training and completing Alternate Mission Rehearsal Exercise while supporting Enhanced Mojave Viper from 29 Palms, CA. In May 2012, VMU-2 deployed to Helmand Province, Afghanistan in support of OEF. During this deployment VMU-2 conducted multiple missions utilizing RQ-7B Shadow, ScanEagle, and the Cargo Resupply Unmanned Aerial System (CRUAS) using the Kaman K-MAX helicopter. Throughout the summer, the Squadron conducted over 3,800 RQ-7B of combat flight hours becoming the first Marine Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Squadron to conduct combat flight operations with the Improved Endurance (Big Wing) RQ-7B Shadow. The squadron employed the K-MAX as a support asset to North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Forces throughout Southern Afghanistan by delivering and retrograding over 900,000 pounds of supplies and equipment. VMU-2's use of ScanEagle during the deployment contributed to over 20,000 combat flight hours. In August 2012, the Night Owls of VMU-2 re-deployed the RQ-7B Shadow, back to MCAS Cherry Point. This brought to a close more than four years of RQ-7B Shadow support to combat operations.
Again, in November 2013, the Night Owls deployed to Helmand Province, Afghanistan conducting operations through the utilization of the hub and spoke concept from both Camps Leatherneck and Dwyer. During this deployment VMU-2 supported Marines, NATO, and Coalition Forces with the assistance of U.S. civilian contractors in their employment of the AAI Corporation Aerosonde. Furthermore, the Night Owls supported an additional function of Marine aviation, Assault Support, during this period through the employment of the Kaman K-MAX with the Cargo UAS (CRUAS) program. In May 2014, the Night Owls turned over operations to their sister squadron, VMU-1, and returned home to MCAS Cherry Point.
In April 2014, the squadron deployed a detachment with the first MQ-21A Blackjack system to Camp Leatherneck, Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom conducting combat missions in support of coalition forces in the Helmand Province. During this deployment the squadron flew upwards of 120 combat sorties involving nearly 1,000 flight hours while under the command of Marine Aircraft Group Afghanistan | MAG A. On its first combat deployment the Blackjack's primary functions were aerial reconnaissance and electronic warfare in support of 1st Battalion, 2nd Marines and 1st Battalion, 7th Marines. These missions were conducted up and down the Helmand River as well as in and around both the cities of Sangin and Marjah. In October 2014, Camp Leatherneck was officially turned over to the Afghan National Army and the VMU-2 detachment returned to MCAS Cherry Point.
Marine Expeditionary Units
In the future, VMU-2 is expected to begin shipboard operations with the RQ-21A Blackjack.
Integrating UAS
Marine Aviation
The beginning of 2013 proved to be the beginning of a new wave for the unmanned community and the employment of the VMUs. Tests and meetings throughout the early part of the year brought to life the movement of VMU-2 into a Marine Aircraft Group 14, setting the standard for the rest of the community. VMU-2 celebrated this transition as the way forward with an increase in training opportunities and potential for greater effects on the battlefield.
On May 13, 2013 VMU-2 was officially reassigned from Marine Air Control Group 28 to Marine Aircraft Group 14.
National Airspace
Incorporating unmanned aircraft into manned airspace has been on ongoing effort for VMU-2. In 2013, the Night Owls hosted numerous meetings and conducted several evaluations in order to determine possible solutions for incorporating UAS into the National Airspace. As a result, agencies like the Civil Air Patrol, the US Army, and NASA developed a standard of operations as a proposal to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).
Today, there are still many airspace limitations concerning domestic unmanned flight. As the FAA continues to seek out a solution for safely integrating unmanned aircraft into federal airspace, VMU-2 conducts the bulk of its flight and training operations within military operations areas (MOAs).
See also
History of unmanned aerial vehicles
List of active United States Marine Corps aircraft squadrons
List of inactive United States Marine Corps aircraft squadrons
Boeing Insitu RQ-21 Blackjack
AAI RQ-7 Shadow
AAI Corporation Aerosonde
Kaman K-MAX
Boeing Insitu ScanEagle
Notes
References
Bibliography
Web
VMU-2's official website
U
1984 establishments in the United States
Military units and formations established in 1984
The tit berrypecker (Oreocharis arfaki) is a species of bird in the family Paramythiidae. First described by Christian Erich Hermann von Meyer in 1875, it is monotypic within the genus Oreocharis. It is found in the New Guinea Highlands and more scarcely in northern parts of the island, in subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Tit berrypecker
Birds of New Guinea
Tit berrypecker
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
André-Alfred Lemierre (July 30, 1875 in Paris – 1956) was a French bacteriologist.
They studied in Paris where they became an externe in 1896, interne in 1900. They obtained their doctorate in 1904, became Médecin de Hôpitaux in 1912 and later worked in the Hôpital Bichat. They were habilitated in 1913 and in 1926 was promoted to professor of bacteriology. Their works concern investigations on septicaemia, typhus, bilious and urine tract infections, kidney diseases, etc. They described Lemierre's syndrome in 1936 while working as a bacteriologist in the Claude Bernard Hospital in Paris.
References
1875 births
1956 deaths
French bacteriologists
Date of death missing
Policing: An International Journal of Police Strategies & Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the study of policing. It was established in 1978 as Police Studies: International Review of Police Development, and obtained its current name in 1997, when it was merged with the American Journal of Police. It is published by Emerald Group Publishing, and the editors-in-chief are Lorie Fridell and Wesley Jennings (University of South Florida). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 0.646.
References
External links
Emerald Group Publishing academic journals
Policing journals
Publications established in 1978
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
Jose Lladó Fernandez-Urrutia (Madrid, 1934), is a politician and Spanish business person.
Son of the President of the Bank Urquijo - Juan Lladó Sanchez - and grandson of the republican deputy Jose Lladó Vallés, they took a doctor's degree in Chemical Sciences at the University of Madrid.  They are a Member of Honor of the American Chemical Society. They were executive President of the CSIC. In addition, they were appointed in 1976 Minister of Trade and then, in 1977 Minister of Transport and Communications. Later, in 1979 they were Ambassador of Spain in the United States. They were the first President of the Royal Patronage of the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía.
 They are the President of the INCIPE Foundation, President of the Jury of the Arts Award of the Prince of Asturias Awards since 1991 and President of the Xavier Zubiri Foundation.
They have been a member of the Board of the Trustees of important Spanish companies, and they are President - Founder and principal shareholder of Tecnicas Reunidas.
Personal life
They have five children from Pilar Arburua, Pilar, Juan (married to Susana Álvarez Salas), María, José Manuel (married to Marta Tiagonce) and Marta (married to Carlos Romero, son of the Count de Fontao).
References
Government ministers of Spain
Union of the Democratic Centre (Spain) politicians
1934 births
Politicians from Madrid
Ambassadors of Spain to the United States
Living people
Businesspeople from Madrid
Spanish billionaires
20th-century Spanish businesspeople
21st-century Spanish businesspeople
Nicolae Bălcescu (until 1948 Ferdinand, and previously Satu Nou, ) is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Buchila, Galbeni, Lărguța, Nicolae Bălcescu, and Valea Seacă. It also included Bălțata and Sărata villages until 2004, when they were split off to form Sărata Commune.
The commune is located in the central part of the county, just south of the county seat, Bacău. It lies on the right banks of the rivers Bistrița and Siret; the two rivers meet at the Galbeni reservoir, on the east side of the commune.
Nicolae Bălcescu is crossed by the DN2 road, which connects Bacău to Focșani and forms part of the European route E85. The CFR rail line from Bacău to Mărășești, which also passes through the commune, is served by the Valea Seacă station.
According to the 2011 census, the commune has 7,169 inhabitants; 90.14% of them are ethnic Romanians and 1.28% are ethnic Hungarians.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
D. orientalis may refer to:
Dactyloptena orientalis, the Oriental flying gurnard, a fish species found in the Indo-Pacific Oceans
Dactylopteryx orientalis, a praying mantis species
Dalbergia orientalis, a legume species found only in Madagascar
Dinera orientalis, a tachinid fly species in the genus Dinera
Dinocephalosaurus orientalis, a long necked, aquatic protorosaur species that inhabited the Triassic seas of China
Synonyms
Dactylorchis orientalis, a synonym for Dactylorhiza foliosa, the richly-leaved dactylorhiza, an orchid species
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
Alexander Wilson (171416 October 1786) was a Scottish surgeon, type-founder, astronomer, mathematician and meteorologist. They were the first scientist to use kites in meteorological investigations.
In 1784, their son Patrick Wilson succeeded them as Regius Professor of Practical Astronomy at the University of Glasgow.
Early life
Wilson was born in St Andrews, Fife, the son of Patrick Wilson, the town clerk. Alexander was educated at the University of St Andrews, graduating in 1733, aged 18, with an MA.
They were first apprenticed to a physician in St Andrews where they became skilled in constructing mercury thermometers in glass. In 1737, they left for London to make their fortune, They found work as assistant to a French surgeon-apothecary, which included caring for their patients. During this time they were introduced to Lord Isla who like Wilson was interested in astronomy, and Wilson constructed instruments for Isla during 1738.
After visiting a type foundry with a friend in London, they had an idea for making better typefaces. They and their friend John Baine returned to St Andrews in 1739, where they started a type foundry business in 1742.
University of Glasgow
The company moved to Camlachie, near Glasgow in 1744. In 1748 they were appointed type-founder to the University of Glasgow. In the following year the partnership with Baine was dissolved. Later their sons became partners. They supplied types to the Foulis press making possible beautiful and artistic publications. Among modern typefaces, Fontana, Scotch Roman, and Wilson Greek are based on types cut by Wilson.
In 1749 Wilson made the first recorded use of kites in meteorology with their lodger, a 23-year-old University of Glasgow student Thomas Melvill. They measured air temperature at various levels above the ground simultaneously with a train of kites. Melvill went on to discover sodium light. Wilson was the inventor of hydrostatic bubbles, a form of hydrometer, in 1757.
With the help of their friend Lord Isla, now the 3rd Duke of Argyle, Wilson was appointed in 1760 to the new chair of practical astronomy at the University of Glasgow, which had recently built the Macfarlane Observatory. Wilson primarily made contributions to astronomy and meteorology, and posited that "what hinders the fixed stars from falling upon one another", the question that Newton had posed in their Opticks (1704), was that the entire universe rotated around its centre.
Wilson noted that sunspots viewed near the edge of the Sun's visible disk appear depressed below the solar surface, a phenomenon referred to as the Wilson effect. When the Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters announced a prize to be awarded for the best essay on the nature of solar spots, Wilson submitted an entry. On 18 February 1772 the Academy presented Wilson with a gold medal for their work on sunspots.
The crater Wilson on the Moon is named for him, Ralph Elmer Wilson and CTR Wilson.
He, and their second son Patrick Wilson, were two of the founding members of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (RSE). Patrick wrote a biographical article of their father which was published both in the Transactions of the RSE and Edinburgh Journal of Science.
In 1783 they were a joint founder of the Royal Society of Edinburgh. They died in Edinburgh on 16 October 1786.
References
Royal Society of Edinburgh Retrieved 10 Mar 2009
Williamson, Peter & Woodby, John, 'Scottish Book Trade Index (SBTI)', National Library of Scotland' Retrieved 19 Dec 2008
Smith, George Fairfull, "Robert & Andrew Foulis, the Foulis Press, and Their Legacy", Retrieved 19 Dec 2008.
Stronach, George, rev. Hutchins, Roger, "Wilson, Alexander (1714–1786)", Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Oxford University Press, 2004, Retrieved 19 Dec 2008
Wilson, Alexander (1774) "Observations on Solar Spots", Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society of London 64, part I.
1714 births
1786 deaths
People from St Andrews
18th-century British astronomers
18th-century Scottish mathematicians
18th-century Scottish scientists
18th-century Scottish medical doctors
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
Academics of the University of Glasgow
Founder Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Members of the Philosophical Society of Edinburgh
Scottish pharmacists
British typographers and type designers
Scottish astronomers
18th-century Scottish businesspeople
Scottish designers
Scottish inventors
Scottish surgeons
Scottish meteorologists
British scientific instrument makers
Greenfield is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
References
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
Zemeș is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Bolătău and Zemeș.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
USS Washington was a schooner acquired by the Continental Navy during the American Revolution and converted to an armed brigantine. They served for only a short period of time before being captured by the British.
Acquired by General Washington
The first ship to be named Washington by the Navy—while never part of the Continental Navy—was a 160-ton schooner named Endeavor acquired by General George Washington in early October 1775 from George Erving and Capt. Benjamin Wormwell of Plymouth, Massachusetts.
Renamed Washington, the schooner was fitted out at Plymouth, Massachusetts, and was re-rigged as a brigantine at the behest of their prospective commanding officer, a Continental Army officer from Rhode Island, Capt. Sion Martindale. On November 3, 1775, Washington's charter was consummated, and they were authorized to operate off the New England coast between Cape Cod and Cape Ann in the hope of disrupting British shipping.
Service
Washington sailed in company with the schooner Harrison on November 23. No more than three leagues from shore, both Continental ships came across the British frigate HMS Tartar and two forage-laden transports. The British ships scared off and separated and Washington and Harrison chased the ship until well after nightfall. And, although Washington spent most of November 25 looking for Harrison, they did not find them
Soon thereafter, they captured the provision-laden, 80-ton sloop Britannia and turned them over to Continental authorities before returning to sea on the 28th. However, stormy weather and a poorly disciplined crew caused Washington to head back to port the next day.
A demoralized crew
Back at Plymouth, it was ascertained that some of the men's grumblings had been occasioned by their contention that they had enlisted to serve as soldiers in the army, not as sailors. Moreover, a lack of winter clothing demoralized the crew. They were quickly supplied with suitable winter outfits, and the ship returned to sea on Sunday, December 3, 1775.
Captured
Late the next day, the British 6th rate, 20-gun frigate HMS Fowey, cruising Massachusetts Bay on the lookout for "rebel cruisers," in company with HMS Lively, sighted Washington and gave chase.
Just before nightfall, Fowey reached gun range and fired a warning shot. Seven subsequent rounds brought the brigantine to, and they lowered their colors. Taken to Boston, Massachusetts, Washington, upon inspection by the Royal Navy, was deemed unsuitable for British operations on the high seas.
Final disposition
The brigantine Washington eventually rotted away at Boston.
References
External links
Brigs of the United States Navy
Ships of the Continental Navy
1770s ships
Ships named for Founding Fathers of the United States
Devon Allen (born December 12, 1994) is an American track and field athlete, specializing in the 110-meter hurdles, and a wide receiver for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League (NFL). They played wide receiver for the University of Oregon football team from 2014 to 2016. In the 110-meter hurdles, Allen is a three-time U.S. national champion (2014, 2016, and 2018) and a two-time Olympian, reaching the finals in both the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics and the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. Their personal best of 12.84 seconds, set in 2022, ranks as the third-fastest time in history. In their final meet of 2021, Allen clocked 12.99 seconds and became the 13th American hurdler to ever break the 13-second barrier in this event. In April 2022, the Philadelphia Eagles signed Allen as a wide receiver.
On July 17, 2022, Allen was disqualified in the 2022 World Athletic Championships for a controversial false start. The sensors in the starting blocks measured their reaction time from the time the gun went off at 0.099 seconds, which is 0.001 seconds faster than the legally allowed reaction time (0.1 seconds).
Recruiting
Achievements
Track and Field
1Disqualified in the final
Football career
College Football
Coming out of high school as a four-star recruit, Allen committed to the University of Oregon and played on their football team for three years as a wide receiver, with their first season as the most productive one. After coming out of college, however, they focused their athletics on hurdling and track-and-field rather than football.
After years of competing in the US Nationals and the Olympics, Allen chose to participate in the football pro day held for players at the University of Oregon during the 2022 preseason. Allen caught the attention of NFL scouts when they ran an unofficial 4.35-second 40-yard dash. They impressed the Eagles enough to merit a visit on April 7 to their training facility, the NovaCare Complex.
College statistics
Philadelphia Eagles
On April 8, 2022, the day after being brought to their training facility, Allen signed a standard three-year undrafted rookie deal with the Philadelphia Eagles. They were waived on August 30, 2022 and signed to the practice squad the next day.
References
External links
Devon Allen at the Oregon Ducks
1994 births
Living people
Track and field athletes from Phoenix, Arizona
Players of American football from Phoenix, Arizona
Oregon Ducks football players
Oregon Ducks men's track and field athletes
American football wide receivers
American male hurdlers
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships winners
USA Indoor Track and Field Championships winners
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Diamond League winners
The Roger Miller Show is an American music variety television show hosted by Roger Miller. The NBC program aired on Monday nights from 8:30–9 p.m. ET from September 12–December 26, 1966. The house band was the Eddie Karam Orchestra.
Notes
References
.
External links
Internet Movie Database
1960s American music television series
NBC original programming
1966 American television series debuts
1966 American television series endings
English-language television shows
Kefa (, also Romanized as Keleri-Kefa) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 10 families.
References
See also
Kefa (disambiguation)
Populated places in Amol County
Polovragi is a commune in Gorj County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Polovragi and Racovița.
References
Communes in Gorj County
Localities in Oltenia
Kheyrabad (, also Romanized as Kheyrābād) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 9 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Hesar-e Khuni (, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Khūnī; also known as Ḩeşār-e Gol) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 220, in 60 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Bobo Motion is an album by jazz percussionist Willie Bobo recorded in 1967 and released on the Verve label.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Thom Jurek states "Bobo Motion is one of percussionist Willie Bobo's best-known recordings of the 1960s... the grooves are tighter and more sophisticated, and the drumming is a mixed way up above an uncredited smaller combo... The tune selection is also weirder and reflects the range of Bobo' eclectic tastes, and turns more firmly toward jazz... Recommended".
Track listing
"Up, Up & Away" (Jimmy Webb) - 1:57
"Ain't That Right" (Arthur Sterling) - 2:37
"Midnight Sun" (Lionel Hampton, Johnny Mercer) - 2:09
"Cute" (Neal Hefti) - 1:53
"I Don't Know" (Sonny Henry) - 2:34
"Tuxedo Junction" (Julian Dash, Buddy Feyne, Erskine Hawkins) - 2:17
"Evil Ways" (Sonny Henry) - 2:41
"Show Me" (Joe Tex) - 2:16
"Black Coffee" (Sonny Burke, Paul Francis Webster) - 2:44
"Night Walk" (Steve Huffsteter) - 3:07
"La Bamba" (Traditional) - 2:08
Recorded in New York City on July 20 (tracks 4, 6 & 9-11) at Van Gelder Studio in Englewood Cliffs, NJ on July 27 (tracks 1-3, 5, 7 & 8), 1967
Personnel
Willie Bobo - timbales
Clarence Henry - guitar, arranger
Bert Keys - arranger
Uncredited musicians
References
Verve Records albums
Willie Bobo albums
1967 albums
Albums produced by Teddy Reig
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Darreh Kenar (, also Romanized as Darreh Kenār; also known as Dar Kenār) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21, in 8 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Reza Mirzaei (Persian: رضا میرزایی (born 14 April 1996) is an Iranian professional footballer who plays for Esteghlal in the Persian Gulf Pro League.
Club career statistics
Last Update:7 september 2019
Honours
Sepahan
Persian Gulf Pro League (1) : 2014–15
External links
Reza Mirzaei at PersianLeague.com
Reza Mirzaei at Soccerway
Reza Mirzaei at febref.com
Reza Mirzaei at FootballDatabase.eu
Reza Mirzaei on Instagram
References
3. گل مهاجم سپاهان پنجمین گل لیگ قهرمانان آسیا شد Retrieved in Persian www.farsnews.ir
4. رضا میرزایی دوباره سپاهانی شد(عکس) Retrieved in Persian www.varzesh3.com
5. میرزایی: با هواداران سپاهان قهر نیستم/ به نظر سرمربی تیم احترام می‌گذارم Retrieved in Persian www.tasnimnews.com
6. رضا میرزایی در آستانه جدایی از سپاهان Retrieved in Persian www.ilna.news
Sepahan S.C. footballers
1996 births
Living people
Iranian footballers
Association football wingers
Esteghlal F.C. players
Saving Alex: When I Was Fifteen I Told My Mormon Parents I Was Gay, and That's When My Nightmare Began is a 2016 memoir by Alex Cooper with Joanna Brooks.
Summary
Alex Cooper, a Mormon 15-year-old, comes out as a lesbian to their parents and tells them they are in love with a girl named Yvette. They throw them out of the house. After Alex stays with a sympathetic neighbor for a while, they are then taken by their parents to a conversion therapy program in Utah run by Johnny and Tiana Siale (who are good friends with Alex's grandparents whom Alex's parents stated that they were going to be staying with) where they are held for eight months against them will.
Cooper is forced to face a wall while wearing a backpack full of stones to "feel the burden of being gay", beaten by Johnny if any escape attempt happens, kept from school, and verbally abused. In addition, if they went to church with the Siales, Alex and anyone in their program are told not to interact with them in any way. They attempt suicide by taking every pill in the house. Also at the house are two boys who Johnny makes hit each other to be more manly, and Johnny joins in on the hitting if they don't hit hard enough.
When Cooper is allowed to enroll in high school, they learn of a gay–straight alliance club that is overseen by their English teacher where they sympathize with their plight. With their help, they are connected with a Salt Lake City attorney named Paul Burke who agrees to represent their pro bono. When one of the teachers calls to inform the Siales that they were late to their class, they pull them out of school and have their face the wall in the usual manner. Once the Siales are sound asleep, Alex successfully escapes from the house, hides near a bus stop until the buses start running, and rides it to the school. Once the school opens, Alex tells their English teacher what happened. This leads to Alex living in a local youth crisis center for a while after being taken there by a friendly police officer.
When it came to the trial, Burke represents her, earning them the right to refuse conversion therapy. Afterwards, Alex opts not to press charges against the Siales as it would not help them move on with their life. Both of the Siales lose their jobs and have their kids taken away from them. Alex reconciles with their parents.
Reception
The book was reviewed in Publishers Weekly, Kirkus Reviews, School Library Journal, and Huffington Post.
Adaptation
On September 18, 2019, Lifetime aired an adaption of this memoir called Trapped: The Alex Cooper Story as part of its "Ripped from the Headlines" feature film series. The film stars Addison Holley as Alex Cooper, Nicolette Pierce as Frankie Jackson (who is based on Yvette), Sara Booth as Tiana Simms (who is based on Tiana Siale), Ian Lake as Johnny Simms (who is based on Johnny Siale), Kate Drummond as Mrs. Cooper, Wilson Cruz as Paul C. Burke, Steven Cumyn as Mr. Cooper, and Elisa Mooncherry as Carol Lynn Nielson (who is based on the English teacher that helped Alex).
References
2016 non-fiction books
American memoirs
Books about conversion therapy
HarperOne books
American novels adapted into films
LGBT literature in the United States
LGBT autobiographies
2010s LGBT literature
The 1940 BYU Cougars football team was an American football team that represented Brigham Young University in the Mountain States Conference (MSC) during the 1940 college football season. In their fourth season under head coach Eddie Kimball, the Cougars compiled a 2–4–2 record (2–3–1 against MSC opponents), finished fourth in the MSC, and were outscored by a total of 93 to 79.
Schedule
References
BYU
BYU Cougars football seasons
BYU Cougars football
Zincography was a planographic printing process that used zinc plates. Alois Senefelder first mentioned zinc's lithographic use as a substitute for Bavarian limestone in their 1801 English patent specifications. In 1834, Federico Lacelli patented a zincographic printing process, producing large maps called géoramas. In 1837–1842, Eugène-Florent Kaeppelin (1805-1865) perfected the process to create a large polychrome geologic map.
Process
Zinc plates could be obtained for less expense than fine lithographic limestone, and could be acquired at very large scale. Zinc was coated with a solution containing gallic acid and phosphoric acid that caused hygroscopic salts to form on the plate's surface. A printer would then cover the zinc plate with a coating of asphalt varnish, expose it under a drawing and develop it. The zinc affected by the lines of the drawing proof would be coated with hygroscopic salts. Bathing the plate in acetic acid resulted in the dissolution of the salts, the asphalt varnish protecting the remaining surfaces of the plate. Then the printer would coat the plate with a colored lacquer varnish called fuchsine, dried, dipped in benzene. This would dissolve the varnishes, leaving only the fuchsine varnish in the areas associated with the drawn lines, and hygroscopic salts elsewhere. The printer then wet the plate, the water localizing on the salts. As in lithography, ink applied to the plate was repelled by the hygroscopic areas, and attracted to the fuchsine areas. Sometimes zincographic printers created printing proofs on specially coated papers.
Variants of the zincographic process included a form of early photographic engraving, photogravure: zinc was coated with a light-sensitive albumen/chromium salt mixture, exposed in contact with a glass negative, inked and the albumen removed by washing to create a single proof image. The printer would then transfer the proof design to a zinc plate under a press, and hand-etch the drawing onto the plate with a stylus. The plate was then rubbed with oil, which would not stick to the repellent coating, but adhere in the etched areas. The printer could then ink the plate, and it would remain in the grooves. As in chromolithography, colors were printed in successive passes of the press, the plates kept in register.
Zincography is frequently confused with modern zinc-plate lithographic printing. It directly influenced the development of photozincography, an early form of photogravure.
References
External links
Zincography
Printmaking
The bentbills are found in the genus Oncostoma in the tyrant flycatcher family Tyrannidae. It contains the following two species:
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Saidiyeh (, also Romanized as Sa‘īdīyeh) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 557, in 152 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Marquette–Wisconsin men's basketball rivalry is an intercollegiate basketball rivalry between the Marquette Golden Eagles and Wisconsin Badgers. The rivalry series is between the two major college athletics programs in the state of Wisconsin and is known as the I-94 rivalry, given the 78 miles along the highway separating the two schools. The game was ranked the 16th-best among college basketball programs in 2013 and 13th in 2020. The series is the second most-played for the Golden Eagles, only trailing its series with DePaul. In turn, Marquette is Wisconsin's most-played non-conference opponent. Marquette and Wisconsin have met 124 times and has been played annually since 1958. As of 2020, the series is led by Wisconsin, which holds a 68–58 advantage. Since the 1949–50 season, the total point differential has only been 48, signifying the relative competitiveness of the series.
Series history
Under head coach Al McGuire, Marquette dominated the 1970s as the program became a national powerhouse, including a series-record 15 straight victories from 1969 to 1978 that inflamed tensions to their then-high. During the stretch, Marquette was ranked in the Top 12 for all but one year, while the Badgers entered unranked each season. One of the most memorable games occurred in 1974, as the Golden Eagles' Maurice Lucas hit a 20-foot jumpshot as time expired to lift Marquette to a 59–58 victory. In celebration, McGuire jumped onto the scorer's table and raised their fists as Badgers coach John Powless walks away dejectedly. The moment was captured in a famous photograph by Robert "Buck" Miller.
Wisconsin finally snapped the streak in 1978 after McGuire retired, flipping the narrative on the series after a 65 to 52 victory. Coming into the game, Marquette had won 25 of the last 40 matchups; since, the Badgers have compiled a 25–19 record. In the most recent meeting, Marquette won in tip-in buzzer beater fashion to beat Wisconsin 67-65 and win 3 of the last 4 meetings.
Rival accomplishments
The following summarizes the accomplishments of the two programs.
Game results
References
College basketball rivalries in the United States
Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball
Wisconsin Badgers men's basketball
Leonurus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Lamiaceae. It is native to Europe and Asia, naturalized in New Zealand, Hawaii, New Caledonia, and much of North and South America.
Leonurus japonicus is one of the 50 fundamental herbs used in traditional Chinese medicine. It is called yìmǔcǎo (益母草) in Chinese.
Species are sometimes confused with the related genus Leonotis.
Species
Leonurus cardiaca L. - much of northern + central Europe east to Western Siberia + Iran
Leonurus chaituroides C.Y.Wu & H.W.Li - southeastern China (Anhui, Hubei, Hunan)
Leonurus deminutus V.I.Krecz. - Siberia, Mongolia, Inner Mongolia
Leonurus glaucescens Bunge - Turkey, Caucasus, Ukraine, European Russia, western Siberia (Altai and Western Siberia), Mongolia, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Inner Mongolia
Leonurus incanus V.I.Krecz. & Kuprian. - Kazakhstan
Leonurus japonicus Houtt. - Japan, Korea, Amur, Primorye, much of China (incl Taiwan, Tibet, Xinjiang), Himalayas, Southeast Asia, Queensland; naturalized in North + South America, West Indies, Hawaii, Cape Verde, etc.
Leonurus kuprijanoviae Krestovsk. - Pakistan
Leonurus macranthus Maxim. - Japan, Primorye, Manchuria
Leonurus mongolicus V.I.Krecz. & Kuprian. - Mongolia, parts of Siberia (Tuva + Chita)
Leonurus nuristanicus Murata - Afghanistan
Leonurus oblongifolius Popov - Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan
Leonurus persicus Boiss. - Turkey, Iran, Caucasus
Leonurus pseudomacranthus Kitag. - Japan, Amur, Primorye, eastern China
Leonurus pseudopanzerioides Krestovsk. - Mongolia, Xinjiang
Leonurus pubescens Benth. - Afghanistan, Pakistan, Nepal, western Himalayas
Leonurus quinquelobatus Gilib. - Turkey, Iran, Caucasus, Crimea; naturalized in Germany, Belgium, Irkutsk
Leonurus royleanus Benth. - western Himalayas
Leonurus sibiricus L. - Mongolia, Siberia (Altai, Chita), China (Hebei, Nei Mongol, Shaanxi, Shanxi)
Leonurus tataricus L. - Siberia (Altai, Tuva, Western Siberia, Irkutsk)
Leonurus tibeticus Krestovsk. - Tibet
Leonurus turkestanicus V.I.Krecz. & Kuprian. - western Himalayas, Tibet, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Iran
Leonurus urticifolius C.Y.Wu & H.W.Li - Tibet
Leonurus villosissimus C.Y.Wu & H.W.Li - China (Hebei)
Leonurus wutaishanicus C.Y.Wu & H.W.Li - China (Shanxi)
References
Lamiaceae
Lamiaceae genera
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Jackass Flats is a shallow alluvial basin located in the southwest portion of the Nevada National Security Site in Nye County, Nevada. The area lies east of Yucca Mountain, south of the Calico Hills and Shoshone Mountain and northwest of Skull Mountain. The valley drains to the southwest via the Tonopah and Fortymile washes into the Amargosa Valley across US Route 95 at the town of Amargosa Valley, Nevada. The "flat" covers an area of approximately and ranges in elevation from about just north of US 95 to at the mountain bases to the north and east.
It is located mostly within Area 25 and extends into Area 14 and Area 26.
It was the test site of nuclear-powered rocket engines during project Project Rover and NERVA.
References
Nevada Test Site
Landforms of Nye County, Nevada
Basins of Nevada
Caçador de mim is a 1981 album by the Brazilian singer Milton Nascimento. It includes some of their hits, such as the title track and "Nos bailes da vida".
Track listing
Personnel
Milton Nascimento: vocals, acoustic guitar
Special guests:
Roupa Nova: vocals (in "Cavaleiros do céu" and "Nos bailes da vida"), instruments ("Nos bailes da vida")
References
1981 albums
Milton Nascimento albums
Rayleigh–Gans approximation, also known as Rayleigh–Gans–Debye approximation and Rayleigh–Gans–Born approximation, is an approximate solution to light scattering by optically soft particles. Optical softness implies that the relative refractive index of particle is close to that of the surrounding medium. The approximation holds for particles of arbitrary shape that are relatively small but can be larger than Rayleigh scattering limits.
The theory was derived by Lord Rayleigh in 1881 and was applied to homogeneous spheres, spherical shells, radially inhomogeneous spheres and infinite cylinders. Peter Debye has contributed to the theory in 1881. The theory for homogeneous sphere was rederived by Richard Gans in 1925. The approximation is analogous to Born approximation in quantum mechanics.
Theory
The validity conditions for the approximation can be denoted as:
is the wavevector of the light (), whereas refers to the linear dimension of the particle. is the complex refractive index of the particle. The first condition allows for a simplification in expressing the material polarizability in the derivation below. The second condition is a statement of the Born approximation, that is, that the incident field is not greatly altered within one particle so that each volume element is considered to be illuminated by an intensity and phase determined only by its position relative to the incident wave, unaffected by scattering from other volume elements.
The particle is divided into small volume elements, which are treated as independent Rayleigh scatterers. For an inbound light with s polarization, the scattering amplitude contribution from each volume element is given as:
where denotes the phase difference due to each individual element, and the fraction in parenthesis is the electric polarizability as found from the refractive index using the Clausius–Mossotti relation. Under the condition (n-1) << 1, this factor can be approximated as 2(n-1)/3. The phases affecting the scattering from each volume element are dependent only on their positions with respect to the incoming wave and the scattering direction. Integrating, the scattering amplitude function thus obtains:
in which only the final integral, which describes the interfering phases contributing to the scattering direction (θ, φ), remains to be solved according to the particular geometry of the scatterer. Calling V the entire volume of the scattering object, over which this integration is performed, one can write that scattering parameter for scattering with the electric field polarization normal to the plane of incidence (s polarization) as
and for polarization in the plane of incidence (p polarization) as
where denotes the "form factor" of the scatterer:
In order to only find intensities we can define P as the squared magnitude of the form factor:
Then the scattered radiation intensity, relative to the intensity of the incident wave, for each polarization can be written as:
where r is the distance from the scatterer to the observation point. Per the optical theorem, absorption cross-section is given as:
which is independent of the polarization.
Applications
Rayleigh–Gans approximation has been applied on the calculation of the optical cross-sections of fractal aggregates. The theory was also applied to anisotropic spheres for nanostructured polycristalline alumina and turbidity calculations on biological structures such as lipid vesicles and bacteria.
A nonlinear Rayleigh−Gans−Debye model was used to investigate second-harmonic generation in malachite green molecules adsorbed on polystyrene particles.
See also
Mie scattering
Anomalous diffraction theory
Discrete dipole approximation
Gans theory
References
Scattering, absorption and radiative transfer (optics)
Radio frequency propagation
X-ray scattering
Hassa Horn Sr. (16 March 1837 – 11 December 1921) was a Norwegian civil servant.
They were born in Frederiksvern of customs inspector Hans Jokum Horn and Anna Grønbech Aas. Together with Alette Gram (1844–1933), whom they married in 1869, they had the son Hassa Horn Jr. who was a notable industrialist and married twice; to daughters of Peter Birch-Reichenwald and Johan Steen. Their daughter Dorothea was the mother of national housewives' leader Alette Nicolaysen.
They finished their secondary education in 1855 and graduated from the Royal Frederick University with the cand.jur. degree in 1860. After some years as an attorney, they became clerk in the Ministry of Church Affairs in 1864. They advanced to assistant secretary in 1873 and deputy under-secretary in 1879. In 1886 reached the pinnacle of their career as they were appointed as chief administrative officer of the third magistrate department in Kristiania Municipality, the capital city of Norway. They held the position from late 1886 to 1909 with the title burgomaster. They were the capital's highest-ranking civil servant responsible for education, libraries and church affairs.
They were decorated as a Commander, Second Class of the Order of St. Olav and the Order of the Dannebrog. They died in December 1921.
References
1837 births
1921 deaths
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian civil servants
Commanders Second Class of the Order of the Dannebrog
Jean Fleming Arnot MBE (23 April 1903 – 27 September 1995) was an Australian librarian, trade unionist, activist for equal pay for women and feminist. They worked at the State Library of New South Wales from 1921 until their retirement in 1968.
Early life
Jean Arnot was born in Pymble, New South Wales, on 23 April 1903. They attended Fort Street Girls' High School. Arnot enjoyed mathematics at school and hoped to study science at university, but their family circumstances prevented them from pursuing further study.
Career
Arnot's career at the State Library of New South Wales began with the role of temporary junior library assistant in March 1921. They were acutely aware of the disparity of the wages earned by women, for example a male cleaner was paid considerably more than a female graduate library assistant when they joined the library staff. They became an active campaigner for equal pay for women from 1937 onwards.
Arnot progressed through a number of roles at the library, including cataloguing serials, extension librarian providing services to country areas of New South Wales, head cataloguer and acting Mitchell librarian from 1956–1958. They also received funding from the British Council and the Carnegie Corporation of New York which allowed them to travel in 1948–1949 to study library services in Great Britain and North America. Despite acknowledgement by the Library trustees of their achievements as Acting Mitchell Librarian during the absence of Phyllis Mander-Jones, Arnot was unsuccessful in applying for the position of Mitchell Librarian in 1958.
In 1961, Arnot was a member of the Australian delegation to the First International Conference on Cataloguing Principles, which was held in Paris. Amongst the delegates representing fifty-three countries, including Dr S. R. Ranganathan from India and Seymour Lubetzky from the Library of Congress, Arnot's contributions to the discussions are recorded in the conference papers.
Arnot retired as head cataloguer in 1968 after a distinguished career of over 47 years of service. In their retirement they held the voluntary role of honorary librarian of the Royal Australian Historical Society from 1969 to 1980.
Awards and memorials
Arnot received the Gold Medal of the Public Service Association of New South Wales in 1944. In 1963, they were recognised by their peers, receiving the distinction of Fellow of the Library Association of Australia. On 12 June 1965, Arnot was appointed as a Member of the Order of the British Empire (Civil) for their community services in the Sydney area.
The Jean Arnot Memorial Fellowship is an award made to a female librarian or female student of librarianship in Australia, funded by the National Council of Women of New South Wales Incorporated and the Australian Federation of Business and Professional Women's Associations Incorporated as a memorial to Arnot and their achievements. Arnot was very active in both these associations.
Arnot died in Sydney on 27 September 1995, at the age of 92.
See also
State Library of New South Wales
Ida Leeson
Nita Kibble
Phyllis Mander-Jones
References
1903 births
1995 deaths
People from New South Wales
Australian librarians
Australian women librarians
Australian Members of the Order of the British Empire
The Gulf is a New Zealand-set crime drama series, first broadcast on the Three network on 26 August 2019. The series, described as New Zealand's answer to "scandi-noir", follows troubled investigator DSS Jess Savage, played by Kate Elliott, who solves cases on their home of Waiheke Island, all whilst trying to piece together the events surrounding the death of their husband in a seemingly routine car crash.
Following a successful debut run in 2019, the series was commissioned for a second run in early 2020, premiering on March 1, 2021. Outside of New Zealand, the series has been sold to Netflix, Amazon Prime Video in the United States and Sundance Now. The series also broadcast on Alibi in the UK, with the first series airing from February 26, 2020, with each two-part story combined into one single broadcast. The second series is set to premiere on December 15, 2021.
Cast
Kate Elliott as Detective Senior Sergeant Jess Savage
Ido Drent as Detective Sergeant Justin Harding
Timmie Cameron as Ruby Savage
Dahnu Graham as AJ Jackson
Bede Skinner as Alex Parsons
Jeffrey Thomas as Retired Detective Inspector Doug Bennington (series 1)
Alison Bruce as Senior Sergeant Denise Abernethy
Mark Mitchinson as Detective Inspector Ivan Petrie
Pana Hema Taylor as Constable Rory Kerr (series 1)
Ross Brannigan as Constable Paul "Pup" Phillips
Vinnie Bennett as Sgt. Taiaroa Gray (series 2)
Episodes
Series 1 (2019)
Series 2 (2021)
References
External links
2010s German television series
2020s German television series
2010s New Zealand television series
2020s New Zealand television series
2019 German television series debuts
2019 New Zealand television series debuts
German drama television series
English-language television shows
New Zealand drama television series
Television series by Screentime
Television shows filmed in New Zealand
Television shows set in New Zealand
Three (TV channel) original programming
Leucobrotula adipata is a species of false brotula found in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean. This species grows to a length of NG. This species is the only known member of its genus.
References
Monotypic fish genera
Parabrotulidae
Fish described in 1952
The Geisenheim Yeast Breeding Center was founded in 1894 and is located in the town of Geisenheim, in Germany's Rheingau.
History
In 1876 Swiss-born professor Hermann Müller joined the Geisenheim Institute, where they developed their namesake grape variety Müller-Thurgau, which became Germany's most-planted grape variety in the 1970s. They were selecting yeasts for the institutes necessities. But it was Julius Wortmann on whose initiative the foundation of the renowned yeast breeding center in 1894 took place under director Rudolf Goethe. This center continued and transferred the pathbreaking studies of Louis Pasteur and Emil Christian Hansen, achieved by isolating pure yeast and the dissemination of these, of which in practice makes a significant contribution to the improvement of quality in winemaking. Institutions followed this example all over the world.
Julius Wortmann succeeded Goethe as director on 1 April 1903 of the educational institution for wine, fruit and horticulture (the official name since 1901). They held their office as director for a total of 18 years, until 1921. As director, Wortmann led the work of their predecessor and father-in-law Rudolf Goethe. In 1905 a modern winery was founded, with a wine press house and the educational establishment acquired the Geisenheim vineyard ″Fuchsberg″ still famous today comprising 5 ha of grape stock. Under Julius Wortmann it came also to important future-oriented changes. In the course of studies, teaching and examination contents have been adapted consequently.
In 1924 the "yeast breeding center" was integrated in the "plant physiological experimental station" of the educational and research institute for wine, fruit and vegetables and horticulture under the direction of Prof. Dr. Karl Kroemer.
In 1932 a renaming of the "Plant Physiological Experimental Station" to "Botanical Institute" under the direction of Prof. Dr. Hugo Schanderl took place. Essential research areas were the systematic treatment of the problematic yeasts, as well as other biofilm forming yeasts and their interactions with pure yeasts. Hugo Schanderl wrote the first book on the microbiology of must and wine.
Since 1966 Prof. Dr. Helmut Hans Dittrich became head of the department research on metabolic physiological performance of microorganisms in the medium must. Fermentation process and selection of yeasts with low formation SO2-binding metabolites were also in the foreground such as studies on origin and avoidance of microbially conditioned false aromas such as acetic acid, ester tone, buckwheat and lactic acid note. New drying technologies simplified the application of pure yeast cultures as dry instant powder and the breeding of cultures regained importance.
A hundred years after its foundation the "Department of Microbiology and Biochemistry" came under the direction of Prof. Dr. Manfred Großmann. Their research and development work was in the areas of stress research, aroma development and biotechnological implementation of the findings of microbial processes in juice, wine and wine-associated production areas such as cool climate. New Research fields to be added were genetically modified wine yeasts and risk accompanying research for their use as well as aroma development in wines through the use of microbial mixed cultures. The Geisenheim Yeast Finder supports practitioners in finding suitable yeast for their application.
Since 2019 the center focuses on working on lager and wine yeast strain improvements in fermentation and aroma compound production and has started work on biocontrol agents, the necrotrophic mycoparasitic predator yeasts. This group of yeasts is able to kill other fungi in a process known as necrotrophic mycoparasitism. Geisenheim has started to unravel the molecular biology behind this process and look for collaborations to apply these organisms for a more sustainable agriculture.
References
1894 establishments in Germany
Wine industry organizations
Oenology
Organizations established in 1894
Research institutes in Germany
Pârgărești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bahna, Nicorești, Pârâu Boghii, Pârgărești and Satu Nou.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
MCI Management Center Innsbruck is a privately organized business school in Innsbruck, Austria, offering study programs leading to Bachelor and Master degrees as well as Executive Master programs (MBA, MSc, LL.M.), Executive Certificate programs, Management seminars, Customized programs and research.
History and Organisation
The Management Center Innsbruck (MCI) was founded in 1995/96 as a university center in private law owned largely by public bodies. The funding structure is as follows:
75% "Träger-Verein MZT" comprising the Tyrolean regional authority, the Innsbruck local authority, the Tyrolean Chamber of Commerce, the Tyrolean Chamber of Labor, the Federation of Tyrolean Industries, the University of Innsbruck, and the Faculty of Social Science and Economics at the University of Innsbruck
12.5% "Träger-Verein Technik"
12.5% "Träger-Verein Tourismus"
The work of the MCI is additionally supported by a circle of sponsors comprising companies in a variety of industries.
The MCI has accreditation to provide university of applied science study programs pursuant to Art. 2 of the Austrian University of Applied Sciences Studies Act.
Campus & Student Life
MCI is located in the center of Innsbruck offering 5 different campuses:
MCI I +II: centrally located between the historic Old Town of Innsbruck and sharing the ground with the Faculty of Theology and the Faculty of Economics & Statistics of Innsbruck University, Universitaetsstrasse 15
MCI III: Weiherburggasse 15, hosting MCI programs in the field of tourism
MCI IV: Maximilianstrasse 2, holding MCI programs in the field of engineering and technical sciences
MCI V: Kapuzinergasse 9
Being part of the Open University Innsbruck concept, MCI and the Innsbruck University share infrastructure like lecture rooms, laboratories, sports facilities and cafeterias.
These locations are to be replaced by a central campus adjoining Innsbruck's Hofgarten (opening 2020).
A co-operation agreement with the University of Innsbruck gives MCI students access to student services provided by Innsbruck University's like for example libraries, sports facilities, etc.
Bachelor & Master programs
The consecutive Bachelor and Master programs are university of applied science study programs. Between the beginning of the 2005 winter semester and the 2009 winter semester, all MCI study programs were reorganized on the Bachelor/Master model as defined in the European Bologna Process. Students at the MCI can also take advantage of the option to spend a semester at one its 200 partner universities around the world. Double-degree and joint-degree programs are also offered in with a current total of eight partner universities.
Doctorate
A cooperation agreement between the University of Innsbruck and the MCI provides for cooperation with regard to doctoral programs. The MCI also provides tutoring for dissertations at a current total of ten other universities at home and abroad.
Executive Education
Executive Master programs
MCI's postgraduate Executive Master programs are being offered within the framework of the Austrian University Law and are additionally accredited by the Foundation for International Business Administration Accreditation (FIBAA).
MCI's LL.M.-program "International Business & Tax Law" is offered as a dual-degree study program in co-operation with the Frankfurt School of Finance & Management (FSFM). It is evenly split between Innsbruck and Frankfurt/Main and leads to the degrees of MCI and FSFM.
Executive Certificate Courses
Credits obtained for an Executive Certificate program are recognized for the above postgraduate Master study programs. Students who complete specific combinations of several certificate programs and write a final thesis to an appropriate academic standard (Master thesis) can be admitted to the academic degree of an MBA, MSc or LL.M.
Partner universities
The MCI collaborates with about 280 partner universities, where students can spend one or more semesters of their study program. Additionally, double degree cooperations exist with some of the MCI's partner universities.
Awards & Rankings
AACSB International
MCI is one of the few universities in German-speaking countries, accredited by AACSB – the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business, established in 1916 in the United States.
Universum Talent Survey 2017
The international Universum Survey showed that MCI won in the categories "Strongest Focus on Employability" and "Best Career Service", and ranked as 2nd Place in the category "Most Satisfied Students".
CHE Hochschulranking
The latest university ranking by the international center for higher education CHE listed itsprograms in Economics, Social Sciences, Industrial Engineering and Management achieved 80 rankings in the top group.
FIBAA's Premium Seal
The Foundation for International Business Administration Accreditation (FIBAA) has awarded its Premium Seal to the MCI's Executive Master study programs (Registered as a non-profit foundation under Swiss law and headquartered in Bonn, FIBAA operates as a European accreditation agency offering additional national accreditation)
General Management Executive MBA and
Master of Science in Management MSc.
ECTS-Label
On June 11, 2009, the MCI became the first Austrian university to be awarded the DS label and the ECTS—Label by the European Commission in Brussels. The two labels were renewed by the Commission in 2013.
References
Organisations based in Innsbruck
Buildings and structures in Tyrol (state)
Education in Tyrol (state)
Business schools in Austria
Politique africaine is a quarterly francophone academic journal that publishes articles and book reviews on current issues in African politics. It was established in 1981 and is published by Éditions Karthala in Paris, France.
External links
Political science journals
African studies journals
Publications established in 1981
Quarterly journals
French-language journals
KCSC may refer to:
Kalpetta Common Service Center, north kerala wayanad based common Service center in india
Korea Communications Standards Commission, South Korea's Broadcasting and Internet communications review agency
KCSC-FM, a radio station (95.9 FM) licensed to serve Woodward, Oklahoma, United States
KCSC-LP, a low-power radio station (101.9 FM) licensed to serve Mukilteo, Washington, United States
Kansas Cosmosphere and Space Center
The Tickfaw River runs from Amite County in southwest Mississippi to Livingston Parish in southeast Louisiana. Its mouth opens into Lake Maurepas, which conjoins with Lake Pontchartrain.
The name Tickfaw (Tiak foha) is thought to be derived from the Choctaw phrase meaning "pine rest" or "Rest Among the Pines". More recent analysis however has determined the name to be derived from shortening and alteration of Pawticfaw meaning "place where wild animals have shed their hair". Alternate/historical names and spellings:
Rio De San Vicente
Rio De Tickfaw
Rio Go Tickfoha
Riviere Ticfoha
Ticfaw River
Tickfah River
Tickfaw Creek
See also
List of rivers of Louisiana
List of rivers of Mississippi
References
External links
USGS Geographic Names Information System - West Branch Tickfaw River
US EPA National Assessment Database
Army Corps of Engineers Map of the Tickfaw River
US Army Corps of Engineers River and Harbor Act Projects - New Orleans District
Rivers of Louisiana
Rivers of Mississippi
Tributaries of Lake Maurepas
Bodies of water of Livingston Parish, Louisiana
Bodies of water of Amite County, Mississippi
Rivers of Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana
Bodies of water of St. Helena Parish, Louisiana
On September 20, 2009, elections were held for all 251 seats in the General Synod of the Church of Sweden. Since the 1930s, nominating groups have often been directly affiliated with national political parties, but many groups are now established separately from political parties.
Results
Seats:
References
Church of Sweden
2009 in Sweden
Christian church elections
2009 elections in Europe
2009 elections in Sweden
2009 in Christianity
September 2009 events in Europe
Joshua Frederick Hook (born 9 January 1993) is an endurance world champion motorcycle racer from Australia. Currently competing in the FIM Endurance World Championship with F.C.C. TSR Honda France. They were the winner of 2011 Australia 125GP Championship on Aprilia.
Career
Early career
Born in Taree, New South Wales, Hook started riding at the age of 14 months. They started dirt track riding in 2005, then moved to road racing in 2008, where they ranked 3rd in the MRRDA series nationally. Hook was selected to compete in the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup in Europe in 2009 and 2010, finishing the seasons 19th and 12th respectively. Hook showed their diversity by also ranking 3rd nationally on a Honda CBR600, in the FX 600 Championship. In the 2012 season, they rode for Team Honda Australia in the Australia Supersport 600 category, finishing second. Hook also competed in the Petronas Asia Dream Cup throughout Asia, finishing third. Their first season on a Superbike in 2013 saw them finish 5th in ASBK and 5th again in 2014 in ASC. They moved to the MFJ All Japan Road Race JSB1000 Championship for the 2015 season and finished 11th overall on their Honda CBR1000RR; they also finished second alongside Dominique Aegerter and Kyle Smith in the 2015 Suzuka 8 Hours endurance race. They also participated in Moto2 replacing an injured Aegerter for the last four races of the season, with the best result of 20th on home soil at Phillip Island.
Superbike World Championship
Hook joined the Grillini Racing Team for the season, partnering Dominic Schmitter in the Kawasaki Ninja ZX-10R-equipped team. However, Hook missed the start of the season due to a pre-season injury.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
By class
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Superbike World Championship
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Suzuka 8 Hours results
References
External links
Profile on teamhondaracing.com.au
Australian motorcycle racers
Living people
1993 births
125cc World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Moto2 World Championship riders
Superbike World Championship riders
British Superbike Championship riders
MotoE World Cup riders
People from Taree
Racing drivers from New South Wales
Superbe was a 74-gun ship of the line of the French Navy. Them hull was copper sheathed.
Career
In 1787, Superbe was the flagship of the Escadre d'évolution under Nieuil. They departed Brest in June for the training cruise and reached Lisbon before returning in August.
They took part in the Croisière du Grand Hiver, where they sank due to a leak. Them crew were rescued by Pierre Maurice Julien de Quérangal.
Sources and references
Notes
Citations
References
External links
Ships of the line
Ships of the line of the French Navy
Téméraire-class ships of the line
Shipwrecks in the Bay of Biscay
1784 ships
Maritime incidents in 1795
Ships built in France
Christmas Symphony may refer to:
Symphony No. 49 (Hovhaness)
Symphony No. 2 (Penderecki)
"The Christmas Symphony" (Phil Perry, Joe Candullo, Charles Reade, published 1950), a song recorded by Perry Como in 1950
Christmas Symphony (Mannheim Steamroller album)
The Taipei Metro Qiyan station (formerly transliterated as Chiyen Station until 2003) is located in the Beitou District of Taipei City, Taiwan. It is a station on the Tamsui Line (Red Line).
Station overview
The two-level, elevated station structure with one island platform and one exit. The station is situated between east of Beitou Road, and the beginning of Sanhe Road. The washrooms are inside the entrance area.
On trains to Beitou, an announcement is made recommending passengers for stations north of Beitou to change trains at this station since Beitou does not offer same platform transfer between trains terminating at Beitou and trains continuing to Tamsui.
The station name is a historic name of the area that literally means "interesting rock", referring to Junjianyan (), a sandstone formation to the east.
Station layout
References
1997 establishments in Taiwan
Tamsui–Xinyi line stations
Railway stations opened in 1997
Africa is often considered and referred as the "Sun continent" or the continent where the Sun's influence is the greatest.
According to the "World Sunshine Map", Africa receives many more hours of bright sunshine during the course of the year than any other continent of the Earth: and many of the sunniest countries on the planet are in Africa.
Despite the large solar potential, penetration of solar power in Africa's energy sector is still very low.
Solar potential
The whole continent has a long duration of sunshine, and excluding the large areas of tropical rainforests (the Guinean Forests of West Africa and much of the Congo Basin), as the desert and savannah regions of Africa represent Earth's largest cloud-free area.
Africa is dominated by clear skies even beyond deserts (ex : Sahara, Namib, Kalahari), however, the regions located along the equator are considerably cloudier than the tropics and subtropics.
The eastern Sahara/northeastern Africa is particularly noted for its world sunshine records. The area experiences some of the greatest mean annual duration of bright sunshine, with the sun shining brightly for approximatively 4,300 hours a year, equivalent to 97% of the possible total.
This region also has the highest mean annual values of solar radiation (the maximum recorded being over 220 kcal/cm2).
The low latitude of the landmass is another asset: much of the continent lies in the intertropical zone, where the intensity and the strength of the sunlight are always high.
The area contains lots of vast sun-drenched arid and semi-arid expanses in the north, in the south, and to a lesser extent in the east. About two fifths of the continent are desert, and thus continuously sunny.
The combination of all these geographical and climatic factors is the cause of the large solar potential of Africa. The number of days of sunlight allows the potential of bringing solar power to much of Africa without large scale grid infrastructure.
The distribution of solar resources across Africa is fairly uniform, with more than 85% of the continent's landscape receiving a global solar horizontal irradiation at or over 2,000 kWh/(m2 year).
Also, the theoretical reserves of Africa's solar energy are estimated at 60,000,000 TWh/year, which accounts for almost 40% of the global total, thus making Africa the most sun-rich continent in the world.
Pay-as-you-go Solar
Pay-as-you-go Solar System offers credit to poorer customers in rural Africa, thereby allowing them to invest in infrastructure for their homes. The most consistent approach to tackling this huge obstacle to development has come with the off-grid pay-as-you-go solar power model, now called PayGo, which in some countries such as Malawi where a company called Yellow is electrifying the population faster than grid electricity. PayGo system leverage the technologies of Mobile money to receive payments from their customers allowing them to pay from rural locations without a smartphone or access to internet.
Solar photovoltaics
Declining solar equipment costs were expected to significantly increase solar installations in Africa with an industry projection forecasting that the continent's annual PV market would expand to 2.2 GW by 2018.
Future installations for harvesting solar energy in Africa will tend not to be found within the equatorial and subequatorial climate zones, that are located in the western part of Central Africa usually near the equator but that extend as far north and south as the 8th or 9th parallel in both hemispheres, since they are systematically linked with almost permanent cloud cover and only intermittent bright sunshine. Therefore, countries that entirely lie in this wet-humid zone such as the Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Rwanda, Uganda, Burundi, Liberia, Sierra Leone and Senegal are by far the least favoured in solar power of all the continent and except for these eight quoted nations, each other African country experiences over 2,700 hours of bright sunshine on at least a part of its territory. Many perpetually sunny African nations like Egypt, Libya, Algeria, Niger, Sudan, South Africa, Botswana and Namibia for instance could rely on developing their tremendous solar resources on a large scale thanks to the immense surface of their territory and at reduced prices.
South Africa is a leader in solar power in Africa with 1329 MW installed by 2016. Solar power in South Africa is rapidly growing. Several 75 MW PV plants and 2 CSP plants at 100 MW each were the largest in the country and among the largest in Africa. South Africa has announced a plan to install a minigrid on Robben Island; adding PV and battery storage is predicted by reduce diesel usage by half.
A 50 MW photovoltaic power plant is planned for Garissa in Kenya, a city located at the equator where the sun is said to shine for about 3,144 hours each year on average, and it is expected to produce approximately 76,473 MWh/year.
A 155 MW photovoltaic power plant is planned for Ghana and the government plans to increase solar power in the country from 22.5MW in 2017 to 300MW in 2020.
There are also many small-scale modular solar power installations being implemented across the continent at the village and household levels.
In 2015, Sub-Saharan Africa was the leading region for purchases of off-grid solar products.
Solar thermal power
The Kingdom of Morocco's solar plan, which is one of the world's largest solar energy projects and estimated to cost about $9 billion, was introduced in November 2009 with the aim of establishing 2,000 MW of solar power by 2020. Five sites have been selected for the development of solar power plants combining a number of technologies including concentrated solar power, parabolic trough as well as photovoltaics, with the 500MW phase one solar power complex at Ouarzazate being the first to be developed. The first part of the 500MW project, the 160MW Noor I came online in 2016 and uses parabolic trough concentrated solar power technology. Morocco, the only African country to have a power cable link to Europe, aims to benefit from energy sales to Europe. One such initiative was Desertec.
South Africa has developed several solar thermal plants, both parabolic trough and power tower types. In 2017, it was the leading country in Africa for both solar thermal and PV solar energy.
See also
Solar power in Algeria
Solar power in Morocco
Solar power in South Africa
Renewable energy in Africa
Solar power by country
References
Renewable energy in Africa
Godongsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends across Gapyeong County and Yangpyeong County. Godongsan has an elevation of .
See also
List of mountains in Korea
Notes
References
Mountains of South Korea
Mountains of Gyeonggi Province
Karen Lee Orzolek (born November 22, 1978) is a South Korean-born American singer, musician, and songwriter.  They are the lead vocalist for the indie rock band Yeah Yeah Yeahs.
Early life
They were born in Busan, South Korea, the daughter of a Korean mother and a Polish father. The family eventually moved to Englewood, New Jersey, where they grew up and graduated from Dwight-Englewood School. About their childhood, they stated that "it's almost embarrassing how well-behaved I was, which is probably why I do things like spit water on myself on stage as an adult". They attended Oberlin College before transferring to New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.
Career
O is known as the lead vocalist for the band Yeah Yeah Yeahs. They have also been noted for their sense of fashion, wearing ostentatious outfits made by their friend, fashion designer Christian Joy. In the early days of the band, they became well-known for their outrageous antics during live shows. Their first ever gig was opening for the White Stripes in 2000.
During a tour for the 2003 Livid Festival in Australia, at a sideshow at The Metro in Sydney, O accidentally danced off the stage and was reluctantly taken to a hospital. A few days later, at the Sydney leg of the Livid Festival, they appeared in a wheelchair pushed onstage by Angus Andrew.
In 2007, O was placed at number three on Spinner's "Women Who Rock Right Now" list. The following year, they debuted a side project called Native Korean Rock with fellow New York City musicians, with two intimate performances at Union Pool in Brooklyn on July 21.
In 2009, they contributed backing vocals, screaming animal sounds, and noises to the songs "Gemini Syringes", "I Can Be A Frog", and "Watching the Planets" on The Flaming Lips album Embryonic. In 2011, they contributed vocals on the song "Pinky's Dream" on the David Lynch debut album Crazy Clown Time. In 2012, they collaborated with experimental rock group Swans on the song "Song for a Warrior" on their album The Seer. They also lend vocals to the song "GO!" on Santigold's 2012 album Master of My Make-Believe.
On the collaboration project with N.A.S.A. on The Spirit of Apollo, they appear on the track "Strange Enough", together with Ol' Dirty Bastard and Fatlip. O's vocal approach has been described as "ethereal", and has been described as "yelping" at times. They described them approach:
O has also collaborated with James Iha on their second solo LP Look to the Sky in 2012. In 2014, Target used a version of the song "A Marshmallow World" sung by O. In 2015 they did a remake of Animotion's Obsession, written by legendary songwriter, Holly Knight for a new STARZ show, Flesh and Bone. On May 5, 2015, a song by Karen O in tribute to Nellie Bly was used as part of a Google doodle commemorating Bly's 151st birthday. The same year, Microsoft approached O to pen a theme song for Square Enix's game Rise of the Tomb Raider, which resulted in the song "I Shall Rise".
Soundtrack work
O was featured in the track "Cut Me Up" by Har Mar Superstar for the soundtrack to the 2005 horror film House of Wax. For the movie Jackass 2, O collaborated with electronic artist Peaches and Johnny Knoxville to record a track entitled "Backass"; for Jackass 3D, they covered the Roger Alan Wade's "If You're Gonna Be Dumb" under the alternative title of "If You're Gonna Be Dumb, You Gotta Be Tough". In 2007, they also contributed vocals to a version of Bob Dylan's "Highway 61 Revisited" for the'm Not There film soundtrack. At the end of episode 409, "Brothers Cinco", of the Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job! they performed a short song. They also have a song titled "Strange Love" on the album "Frankenweenie Unleashed!"
O collaborated with Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross on a cover version of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song" for the soundtrack to the 2011 film The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, for which Reznor and Ross composed the score. In December 2011, it was announced that the song would open the soundtrack album, be released as the opening single, and be available free to all who pre-ordered before the official release date of December 9.
Work with Spike Jonze
O and Spike Jonze collaborated on a 2005 Adidas commercial, Hello Tomorrow, after Jonze had directed the video for the Yeah Yeah Yeahs' 2004 single "Y Control". O composed all songs on the soundtrack of Jonze's film Where the Wild Things Are (with the exception of a cover of the Daniel Johnston song "Worried Shoes") in collaboration with Carter Burwell.  They are listed on the soundtrack as "Karen O and the Kids". The song "All Is Love", written by O and Nick Zinner and included in this soundtrack, was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television or Other Visual Media, a songwriter's award, at the 2010 Grammy Awards.
O also contributed "The Moon Song" to Jonze's 2013 film Them O and Jonze were nominated in 2014 for an Academy Award for Best Original Song for "The Moon Song".
Video work
In 2004, O, using the moniker Marshmellow, directed the music video for "We Fenced Other Gardens with the Bones of Our Own" by Liars, fronted by their then-boyfriend Angus Andrew. The following year, they directed the "Blessed Evening" video for Foetus with their then-boyfriend Spike Jonze working as cinematographer. In 2006, they directed the Yeah Yeah Yeahs video for "Cheated Hearts".
Under the moniker Kids with Canes, O and their now-husband Barnaby Clay directed the music video for the Tiny Masters of Today song "Hologram World", released in 2008. O also contributed vocals to the song and served as choreographer of the video, in which they appear with Yeah Yeah Yeahs bandmates Nick Zinner and Brian Chase, as well as Mike D from the Beastie Boys, Gibby Haynes from the Butthole Surfers, Russell Simins from the Blues Explosion, and Sam James from The Mooney Suzuki.
KO at Home demo leak
On December 10, 2006, a home-recorded album titled KO at Home was leaked via an invite-only BitTorrent tracking site. The album, originally a personal gift to Dave Sitek of TV on the Radio, was discovered inside a suitcase that Sitek had left behind in a New York City apartment. The disc's 14 tracks and scan of the cover (a photograph of O with a poem written by Oscar Wilde on the back side of the photo) quickly spread. News sites broke the story of the leak when Sitek lashed out at the fan who leaked the demos. Eventually, Sitek followed up their comments with an apology letter. In response to the leak, O said that "shit happens", and although they were "a little grossed out", they offered commentary on which of the songs they liked the most.
Solo career
O's debut solo album, Crush Songs, was released on September 9, 2014. It was released on Cult Records via Kobalt Label Services. On February 17, 2015, O released a live album titled Live from Crush Palace, recorded during three shows at Hollywood Forever Cemetery's Masonic Lodge in Los Angeles in September 2014. The album features live renditions of songs from Crush Songs, as well as "Hideaway" from Where the Wild Things Are and "The Moon Song" from Them On January 11, 2018, O released the song "Yo! My Saint", featuring guest vocals from Michael Kiwanuka, in support of Kenzo's Spring Summer 2018 collection.
Lux Prima
Lux Prima is the collaborative album from Karen O and musician-producer Danger Mouse, released March 15, 2019. The two originally met to discuss collaboration in 2007 as mutual admirers, but did not collaborate until 2016 due to scheduling and availability, resulting in the album Lux Prima three years later.
An Encounter with Lux Prima
"An Encounter with Lux Prima" was an immersive art piece and communal listening experience soundtracked by Karen O and Danger Mouse's collaborative album Lux Prima. The installation premiered at Los Angeles' Marciano Art Foundation in April 2019, where it played to sold-out audiences. The piece saw the duo collaborate with a number of artists, including creative director Barnaby Clay, sound designer Ren Klyce, lighting designer Tobias Rylander and visual artist Davy Evans, in collaboration with George Lucas' Skywalker Sound and Meyer Sound on audio design and build, as well as MSG's Obscura Digital on projection mapping.
Personal life
O has dated Spike Jonze and Liars lead singer Angus Andrew, the latter of whom was the subject of the Yeah Yeah Yeahs' song "Maps". In December 2011, they married director Barnaby Clay. Their son Django was born in August 2015.
Discography
Studio albums
Crush Songs (2014)
Lux Prima (2019) with Danger Mouse
Live albums
Live from Crush Palace (2015)
Soundtrack albums
Where the Wild Things Are: Motion Picture Soundtrack (2009)
Singles
As lead artist
As featured artist
Other charted songs
Guest appearances
Awards
In 2006, O was nominated for the GAFFA-Prisen Award for Best Foreign Female Act.
O was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song for co-writing "The Moon Song" with Spike Jonze for the film Them
Notes
References
External links
1978 births
20th-century American singers
21st-century American singers
American women rock singers
American women singer-songwriters
American indie rock musicians
American musicians of Korean descent
American people of Polish descent
Dwight-Englewood School alumni
Living people
Musicians from Busan
NME Awards winners
Oberlin College alumni
People from Englewood, New Jersey
Singer-songwriters from New Jersey
Singers from New York City
South Korean emigrants to the United States
Tisch School of the Arts alumni
Yeah Yeah Yeahs members
20th-century American women singers
21st-century American women singers
Cult Records artists
Singer-songwriters from New York (state)
Joseph James Kinyoun (November 25, 1860 – February 14, 1919) was an American physician and the founder of the United States' Hygienic Laboratory, the predecessor of the National Institutes of Health.
Biography
Early life
Joseph James "Joe" Kinyoun was born November 25, 1860, in East Bend, North Carolina, the oldest of five children born to Elizabeth Ann Conrad and John Hendricks Kinyoun. Their family settled in Post Oak, Missouri in 1866 after their house burned down during the Civil War. At the age of 16, they studied medicine with their father, John Hendricks Kinyoun, who was a general practitioner. Their family joined a Baptist church.
Kinyoun was educated at St. Louis Medical College and graduated from Bellevue Medical College in 1882 with an M.D. degree. They did postdoctoral studies in pathology and bacteriology at the Carnegie Laboratory where they became the first bacteriology student and studied cholera. Then they were a visiting scientist in Europe under Robert Koch. They were awarded a Ph.D. from Georgetown University in 1896.
Career
On October 4, 1886, Kinyoun began their career in the Marine Hospital Service at Staten Island Quarantine Station as an assistant surgeon, taking over the direction of the Laboratory of Hygiene in 1887. When the Surgeon General moved the laboratory from Staten Island to Washington, DC in 1891, they placed 26-year-old Kinyoun in charge of the nation's first federal bacteriology laboratory. Their code name during their MHS career was Abutment.
Kinyoun's later career was spent in private companies and as a professor of bacteriology and pathology at George Washington University before becoming a bacteriologist for the District of Columbia Health Department, a position they held until their death. In 1909, Kinyoun served as president of the American Society for Microbiology.
In 1915, they developed the Kinyoun stain, a procedure used to stain acid-fast bacteria. It was a variation of a method developed by Robert Koch in 1882.
Hygienic Laboratory (1887–1896)
As the director of the Hygienic Laboratory, they researched on a plethora of different infectious diseases and their respective etiology and vaccine treatment while urging necessary hospital protocols and regulations for isolation of infected patients. Cholera, yellow fever, smallpox, and plague were the four main epidemic diseases that the laboratory investigated.
San Francisco Quarantine station
In 1899, Walter Wyman transferred Kinyoun to the San Francisco Quarantine station where they became head of the Marine Hospital Service in San Francisco. In March 1900 they were central to the discovery of the San Francisco plague of 1900–1904. They resigned their position in 1901 after allegations that their conclusive bubonic plague diagnoses were scaremongering. They were proven correct by independent testing and the appearance of further cases.
Marriage and children
James and Susan Elizabeth "Lizzie" Perry married in 1883. The couple had at least five children: Bettie Kinyoun; Joseph Perry Kinyoun; Alice Kinyoun Houts; Conrad Kinyoun; and John Nathan Kinyoun. After their first child, Bettie died at the age of 3 from contracting diphtheria, they poured themselves into their work and even set up a public diphtheria laboratory at Georgetown Medical School.
Death and afterward
Joseph Kinyoun died on February 14, 1919, in Washington, DC.
A collection of their papers is held at the National Library of Medicine.
San Francisco Plague
A Japanese ship, the S.S. Nippon Maru, arriving in San Francisco Bay in June 1899, had two plague deaths at sea, and there were two more cases of stowaways found dead in the bay, with postmortem cultures proving they had the plague. In New York in November 1899, the British ship J.W. Taylor brought three cases of plague from Brazil, but the cases were confined to the ship. The Japanese freighter S.S. Nanyo Maru arrived in Port Townsend, Washington, on January 30, 1900, with 3 deaths out of 17 cases of confirmed plague. In this atmosphere of grave danger, in January 1900, Kinyoun ordered all ships coming to San Francisco from China, Japan, Australia, and Hawaii to fly yellow flags to warn of possible plague on board. Many entrepreneurs and sailing men felt that this was bad for business, and unfair to ships that were free of plague. City promoters were confident that plague could not take hold, and they were unhappy with what they saw as Kinyoun's high-handed abuse of authority.
In January 1900, the four-masted steamship S.S. Australia laid anchor in the Port of San Francisco. The ship sailed between Honolulu and San Francisco regularly. Cargo from Honolulu unloaded at a dock near the outfall of Chinatown's sewers, may have allowed rats carrying the plague to leave the ship and transmit the infection. However, it is difficult to trace the infection to a single vessel. Wherever it came from, the disease was soon established in the cramped Chinese ghetto neighborhood; a sudden increase in dead rats was observed as local rats became infected.
Rumors of the plague's presence abounded in the city, quickly gaining the notice of authorities from MHS stationed on Angel Island in San Francisco Bay, including Chief Kinyoun.
On February 7, 1900, Wong Chut King, the owner of a lumberyard, died in their bed after suffering for four weeks. In the morning, the body was taken to a Chinese undertaker where it was examined by San Francisco police surgeon Frank P. Wilson on March 6, 1900. Wilson called for A.P. O'Brien, a city health department official, after finding suspiciously swollen lymph glands. Wilson and O'Brien then summoned Wilfred H. Kellogg, San Francisco's city bacteriologist, and the three men performed an autopsy as night closed. Looking through their microscope, Kellogg thought they saw plague bacilli. Late at night, Kellogg ran the suspicious samples of lymph fluid to Angel Island to be tested on animals in Kinyoun's better-equipped laboratory - an operation that would take at least four days.
On March 11, Kinyoun's lab presented its results. Two guinea pigs and one rat died after being exposed to samples from the first victim, proving the plague was indeed in Chinatown. On March 13, another lab animal, a monkey, died, who was exposed to the plague. All the dead animals tested positive for the plague bacteria.
Allied with powerful railroad and city business interests, California governor Henry Gage publicly denied the existence of any pestilent outbreak in San Francisco, fearing that any word of the bubonic plague's presence would deeply damage the city's and state's economy. Supportive newspapers, such as the Call, the Chronicle and the Bulletin, echoed Gage's denials, beginning what was to become an intense defamation campaign against quarantine officer Kinyoun.
The clash between Gage and federal authorities intensified. U.S. Surgeon General Walter Wyman instructed Kinyoun to place Chinatown under a second quarantine, as well as blocking all East Asians from entering state borders. Wyman also instructed Kinyoun to inoculate all persons of Asian heritage in Chinatown, using an experimental vaccine developed by Waldemar Haffkine, one known to have severe side effects.
Between 1901 and 1902, the plague outbreak continued to worsen. In a 1901 address to both houses of the California State Legislature, Gage accused federal authorities, particularly Kinyoun, of injecting plague bacteria into cadavers, falsifying evidence. In response to what they said to be massive scaremongering by the MHS, Gage pushed a censorship bill to gag any media reports of plague infection. The bill failed in the California State Legislature, yet laws to gag reports amongst the medical community succeeded in the passage and were signed into law by the governor. Also, $100,000 was allocated to a public campaign led by Gage to deny the plague's existence. Privately, however, Gage sent a special commission to Washington, D.C., consisting of Southern Pacific, newspaper and shipping lawyers to negotiate a settlement with the MHS, whereby the federal government would remove Kinyoun from San Francisco with the promise that the state would secretly cooperate with the MHS in stamping out the plague epidemic.
Despite the secret agreement allowing for Kinyoun's removal, Gage went back on their promise of assisting federal authorities and continued to obstruct their efforts for study and quarantine.
In their final speech, to the California State Legislature, in early January 1903, Gage blamed the federal government, in particular, Kinyoun, the MHS, and the San Francisco Board of Health for damaging the state's economy.
Awards
The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases' Joseph J. Kinyoun Memorial Lecture is named in their honor.
See also
Biologics Control Act
Kinyoun stain
List of Liberty ships (Je–L)
References
External links
PBS American Experience: Plague at the Golden Gate
1860 births
1919 deaths
People from Johnson County, Texas
People from East Bend, North Carolina
American microbiologists
American bacteriologists
New York University School of Medicine alumni
20th-century American physicians
Directors of the National Institutes of Health
Cleveland administration personnel
Benjamin Harrison administration personnel
Marine Hospital Service personnel
McKinley administration personnel
Bash (originally named Jonikal, then Sokar) is a luxury yacht formerly owned by Egyptian business person Mohamed Al-Fayed, the former owner of Harrods department store in Knightsbridge. The vessel was sold in 2014 after being on the market for many years. Until July 2021 they were named after the Egyptian mythology falcon god Sokar. They were renamed Bash on July 15, 2021. The yacht was designed by naval architect Vincenzo Ruggiero in the late 1980s and built by Codecasa in Italy and launched in 1990. They have a length of making them the 89th largest yacht in the world in 2007.  They are equipped with two engines. The yacht has a beam of and a draft of .
Al-Fayed has often kept the yacht moored in the harbour of Monaco since the 1990s but they are registered in Bermuda and flies the Flag of Bermuda. In August 1997 Mohamed's son Dodi Fayed and Diana, Princess of Wales were extensively photographed on the yacht shortly before their deaths in Paris.
Yachting Partners International have attempted to buy the yacht on numerous occasions, offering $32 million and $30 million for the yacht in 2005. In 2001 Al-Fayed had also attempted to sell the yacht for a reported $40 million. After years on the market and numerous price reductions, they were finally sold in 2014 to an unknown buyer for under $13 million.
References
External links
Motor yachts
Ships of Monaco
Ships built in Italy
1990 ships
The Gus A. Stavros Institute is an organization founded in 1989 and named after Gus A. Stavros. Located in Clearwater in Pinellas County, Florida, the institute is partnered with the Pinellas Education Foundation to run Enterprise Village and Finance Park, two economic educational programs.
Programs
Enterprise Village
Enterprise Village was first proposed by former associate Superintendent of Education Dr. Howard Hinesley after visiting Exchange City, an economic educational facility in the form of a simulated town in Kansas City. It was determined that state money could not be used to support a similar venture in Pinellas County, Florida, so the funds for Enterprise Village were raised by a coalition of local business leaders led by Gus A. Stavros.
Established in 1989, Enterprise Village is designed for fifth-grade students. After six weeks of in-classroom learning, fifth-grade students at participating Pinellas County schools visit Enterprise Village, an indoor facility of various artificial stores, where they learn to write checks, use debit cards, and apply for and work at mock-up versions of partnered companies like CVS Pharmacy, Home Shopping Network, McDonald's, the Tampa Bay Times, and Verizon. During their breaks, the students can become consumers, being able to walk around the other stores and buy items with the artificial money they received from working at their jobs. In the early 2000s, students could work at mock-ups of a Blockbuster Video and an Eckerd Drug Store, but those now-defunct sponsors have since been replaced.
In 2002, baseball outfielder Jason Tyner was optioned from the Tampa Bay Devil Rays to a Triple-A team, resulting in the cancellation of a promotional giveaway involving 10,000 bobbleheads of Tyner. After sitting in storage for some time, many of the bobbleheads were eventually donated to Enterprise Village.
Finance Park
Finance Park is the eighth-grade equivalent of Enterprise Village, serving around 10,000 local students annually. Modeled after the success of Enterprise Village, Finance Park has a focus on mathematics and decision-making skills, with the aim of teaching students how to manage a household budget, including insurance, transportation, healthcare, entertainment, utilities, and other expenses. Students participating at Finance Park are challenged to pay all of their bills and balance their checkbooks by the end of their visit. In October 2018, a facility representing the YMCA was opened in Finance Park. David Jezek, president and CEO of the YMCA of Greater St. Petersburg, stated that "We are thrilled to partner in this manner, enhancing our impact on middle school students through financial literacy and health".
Image gallery
References
Bibliography
External links
Official website
1989 establishments in Florida
Educational institutions established in 1989
Educational institutions in the United States
Madhaveeyam Begins is a 2019 Malayalam-language superhero action mystery dance thriller film produced by Sudheer Kumar and directed by Thejas Perumanna Rajamouli, Starring Vineeth Pranaya in leading roles along with Mamukkoya and Geetha Vijayan. It is the story of thullal artist named madhav dev who fights crime and protect the people of kerala. Sequel madhaveeyam returns is on pre-production stage.
Cast
Vineeth as Madhav
Mamukkoya
Kuttyedathi Vilasini
Ambika Mohan
Pranaya
Geetha Vijan
Babu Nambuthiri
Thejas Perumanna
References
External links
പ്രണയമൊരു തൂമഞ്ഞായ്...
പുതുമ നിറഞ്ഞ പ്രണയകഥയുമായി 'മാധവീയം'
മാധവീയം
2019 films
2010s Malayalam-language films
Median cut is an algorithm to sort data of an arbitrary number of dimensions into series of sets by recursively cutting each set of data at the median point along the longest dimension. Median cut is typically used for color quantization. For example, to reduce a 64k-colour image to 256 colours, median cut is used to find 256 colours that match the original data well.
Implementation of color quantization
Suppose we have an image with an arbitrary number of pixels and want to generate a palette of 16 colors. Put all the pixels of the image (that is, their RGB values) in a bucket. Find out which color channel (red, green, or blue) among the pixels in the bucket has the greatest range, then sort the pixels according to that channel's values. For example, if the blue channel has the greatest range, then a pixel with an RGB value of is less than a pixel with an RGB value of , because . After the bucket has been sorted, move the upper half of the pixels into a new bucket. (It is this step that gives the median cut algorithm its name; the buckets are divided into two at the median of the list of pixels.) Repeat the process on both buckets, giving you 4 buckets, then repeat on all 4 buckets, giving you 8 buckets, then repeat on all 8, giving you 16 buckets. Average the pixels in each bucket and you have a palette of 16 colors.
Since the number of buckets doubles with each iteration, this algorithm can only generate a palette with a number of colors that is a power of two. To generate, say, a 12-color palette, one might first generate a 16-color palette and merge some of the colors in some way.
See also
k-d tree
References
External links
Image quantization
Median cut + variations
Image::Pngslimmer Perl module at CPAN
Sorting algorithms
In economic theory, the Wilson doctrine (or Wilson critique) stipulates that game theory should not rely excessively on common knowledge assumptions. Most prominently, it is interpreted as a request for institutional designs to be "detail-free". That is, mechanism designers should offer solutions that do not depend on market details (such as distributions or functional forms of payoff relevant signals) because they may be unknown to practitioners or are subject to intractable change. The name is due to Nobel laureate Robert Wilson, who argued:
Game theory has a great advantage in explicitly analyzing the consequences of trading rules that presumably are really common knowledge; it is deficient to the extent it assumes other features to be common knowledge, such as one agent's probability assessment about another's preferences or information. I foresee the progress of game theory as depending on successive reductions in the base of common knowledge required to conduct useful analyses of practical problems. Only by repeated weakening of common knowledge assumptions will the theory approximate reality.
While the above quote is often seen as the Wilson doctrine, mechanism design researchers derive an insistence on detail-free mechanisms from it. For instance, Partha Dasgupta and Eric Maskin, as well as Mark Satterthwaite and Steven Williams, attribute this insistence to Wilson. This interpretation might also go back to another paper by Wilson in which they praise the double auction because it "does not rely on features of the agents' common knowledge, such as their probability assessment". While Wilson themselves agrees with the spirit of demanding detail-free mechanisms, they are surprised to be credited for it. In line with the above quote, Dirk Bergemann and Stephen Morris see the doctrine as a reminder of John Harsanyi's insight that common knowledge assumptions can be made explicit (and then relaxed) by enriching the type space with beliefs. This interpretation gave rise to their notion of robust mechanism design. An alternative approach to robust mechanism design assumes non-probabilistic uncertainty. For instance, Gabriel Carroll has a series of papers in which the principal evaluates outcomes on a worst-case basis.
References
Mechanism design
An Evening Without Monty Python is a stage show produced by WestBeth Entertainment and directed by Eric Idle and BT McNicholl in celebration of the comedy troupe Monty Python's 40th anniversary, featuring sketches and songs from the show hand-picked by Idle.
The show debuted at the Ricardo Montalbán Theatre in Los Angeles and played from 23 September to 4 October 2009. It then moved to New York City, where it played at The Town Hall from 6 to 10 October 2009.
Cast
Jeff B. Davis
Jane Leeves
Alan Tudyk
Rick Holmes
Sarah Moon
Joe DeNicholas
Jim Piddock
Hank Azaria, who had originated the role of Lancelot in Idle's previous Monty Python-related stage show Spamalot, was announced as part of the cast but was forced to withdraw prior to opening in Los Angeles due to a film commitment. They were replaced by Jeff B. Davis.
References
External links
Monty Python
Comedy plays
Plays based on television series
2009 in theatre
Philosophy of the Social Sciences is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers philosophy of social science. Its editor-in-chief is Ian C. Jarvie (York University). The journal was established in 1971 and is currently published by Sage Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
Philosophy of the Social Sciences is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 0.559, ranking it 40th out of 51 journals in the category "Ethics".
See also
List of ethics journals
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Philosophy journals
Multidisciplinary social science journals
Quarterly journals
Publications established in 1971
"Thief" is a song by Canadian alternative rock group Our Lady Peace. It was released in March 2000 as the fourth and final single from their third album Happiness... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch.
Content
Vocalist Raine Maida has stated that the song was written about a young girl from Kitchener, Ontario that they knew named Mina Kim who was diagnosed with a cancerous tumor in their brain. The "thief" mentioned in the song refers to the tumor. The short clip at the end of the song consisting of a young girl singing a Sunday school song is a real audio clip of Mina Kim singing "Little By Little" with Maida's wife Chantal Kreviazuk and drummer Jeremy Taggart.
Music video
Micha Dahan directed the music video. It was filmed on a rooftop in the St. James Town neighbourhood, downtown Toronto. It premiered on Muchmusic on May 23. It was shot entirely under a rainy setting on an otherwise sunny day, to impose the mood given by the song. Band members do not play instruments and are shown in slow motion film stock in the rain. The video starts off with the band name and song title and then a statement reading “Each year, terminal illness steals the lives of thousands of children. Mina Kim was one”.
Chart performance
References
External links
Lyrics of the song and discussion
Rock ballads
Our Lady Peace songs
Songs written by Raine Maida
Songs written by Jeremy Taggart
Columbia Records singles
Songs about diseases and disorders
2000 singles
2000 songs
Franklin County is a county located in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 29,456, making it the second-least populous county in Maine. Its county seat is Farmington. The county was established on May 9, 1838 and named for Benjamin Franklin.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.7%) is water. The county high point is Sugarloaf Mountain, the ski mountain in Carrabassett Valley whose elevation is 4237 feet.
Adjacent counties and municipalities
Somerset County – northeast
Kennebec County – southeast
Androscoggin County – south
Oxford County – southwest
Le Granit Regional County Municipality, Quebec – northwest
Demographics
2015
As of 2015 the largest self-reported ancestry groups in Franklin County, Maine are:
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 29,467 people, 11,806 households, and 7,744 families living in the county. The population density was 17 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 19,159 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 97.96% White, 0.24% Black or African American, 0.37% Native American, 0.43% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.17% from other races, and 0.81% from two or more races. 0.54% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 26.3% were of English, 13.8% United States or American, 12.2% French, 9.2% Irish, 7.9% French Canadian, and 5.3% Scottish ancestry according to Census 2000. 95.7% spoke English and 2.9% French as their first language.
There were 11,806 households, out of which 29.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.40% were married couples living together, 9.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.40% were non-families. 25.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.88.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.50% under the age of 18, 11.10% from 18 to 24, 26.40% from 25 to 44, 24.80% from 45 to 64, and 14.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 93.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,459, and the median income for a family was $37,863. Males had a median income of $30,475 versus $20,442 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,796. About 10.70% of families and 14.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.90% of those under age 18 and 9.50% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 30,768 people, 13,000 households, and 8,129 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 21,709 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.3% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.2% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.3% were English, 14.2% were Irish, 7.7% were French Canadian, 7.5% were German, 6.4% were Scottish, and 5.0% were American.
Of the 13,000 households, 26.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.6% were married couples living together, 9.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 37.5% were non-families, and 28.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.76. The median age was 43.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,831 and the median income for a family was $48,634. Males had a median income of $38,563 versus $30,024 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,838. About 10.2% of families and 15.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 21.2% of those under age 18 and 8.8% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Voter registration
|}
Government
Franklin County is governed by a three-member county commission. Commissioners meet at 10am on the first and third Monday of each month and are elected in the November general election, serving four year terms. Currently, the three commissioners are:
District One: Gary McGrane (Jay, Wilton, Temple, Carthage)
District Two: Charles Webster (Farmington, Chesterville, New Sharon)
District Three: Clyde Barker (Avon, Carrabassett Valley, Coplin Plantation, Dallas Plantation, Eustis, Industry, Kingfield, New Vineyard, Phillips, Rangeley Plantation, Rangeley, Sandy River Plantation, Strong, Weld, and unorganized territories of East Central Franklin, North Franklin, South Franklin, West Central Franklin and Wyman)
Commissioner Charles Webster was appointed by Governor Paul LePage in 2015 to serve out the rest of Fred Hardy's term, who died on July 4. Webster and Barker are members of the Republican Party, while McGrane belongs to the Democratic Party.
Franklin County belongs to Maine Prosecutorial District Three, which is composed of Franklin, Oxford and Androscoggin Counties. The current district attorney is Andrew S. Robinson, of Farmington who was elected to their first term in 2014. The deputy district attorney is James A. Andrews, who was appointed to that post by Robinson in 2015.
The current county treasurer is Pamela Prodan. They were elected to that position in 2014 and will serve a four term through December 2018. Prodan succeed Mary Frank, who decided to retire instead of run for a second term. The duties of county treasurer include, overseeing fiscal accounting matters, including paying bills, collecting amounts owed the County, reserve/investment accounts, maintaining the County's financial records and other matters related to the County's finances.
Law enforcement
Only five municipalities in Franklin County have their own police department (Carrabassett Valley, Farmington, Jay, Rangeley, and Wilton). The Franklin County Sheriff's Department is responsible for patrol and emergency calls in the remaining communities in the county without their own agency. The current sheriff is Scott Nichols, of New Sharon. Nichols was elected to that post in November 2012, defeating incumbent sheriff, Dennis Pike. Pike had spent 46 years in Franklin County law enforcement prior to being defeated by Nichols.
The status of the Franklin County Jail has been contentiously debated issue within the county and state for several years. In 2008, Governor John Baldacci signed into law a bill which consolidated county jails in an effort to reduce costs. As a result, the Franklin County jail was designated a 72-hour holding facility. Any inmates who needed to be held longer than the three-day maximum had to be transported to the Somerset County Jail in East Madison, which county jail officials said was a waste of department time and money. Jail consolidation has also led to jail overcrowding statewide. When the Somerset Jail reached its maximum capacity, inmates were forced to be transported to another jail within the state, sometimes hours away which Franklin County officials again said wasted time and money.
In 2012, the Somerset County Commissioners voted not to accept any more inmates from outside the county as the state Board of Corrections withheld its third quarter payment. While the vote allowed current inmates to stay at the jail, it required all future inmates to be sent to Two Bridges Regional Jail in Wiscasset. In 2013, the Maine Legislature's Public Safety and Criminal Justice Committee voted 11-0 to allow the Franklin County jail to return to full service status.
In 2014, the Franklin County Commissioners voted to withhold all payments to the state for jail inmates. Public outrage over the jail issue also pressured the state to give the county full service rights. In 2014 an 800-member Facebook group was created and several protests were staged in front of the county courthouse. In 2015, the State Board of Corrections voted to grant the county a fully operational jail, officially ending the seven year conflict between the county and the state.
Communities
Towns
Avon
Carrabassett Valley
Carthage
Chesterville
Eustis
Farmington
Industry
Jay
Kingfield
New Sharon
New Vineyard
Phillips
Rangeley
Strong
Temple
Weld
Wilton
Plantations
Coplin Plantation
Dallas Plantation
Rangeley Plantation
Sandy River Plantation
Census-designated places
Chisholm
Farmington
Kingfield
Rangeley
Wilton
Unorganized territories
East Central Franklin
North Franklin
South Franklin
West Central Franklin
Wyman
Unincorporated communities
Dryden
East Dixfield
East Wilton
Farmington Falls
Freeman
Macy
Madrid
Mooselookmeguntic
North Jay
Oquossoc
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Franklin County, Maine
References
External links
http://www.franklincountymaine.org/ Franklin County Chamber of Commerce
Franklin County on Maine.gov
Maine counties
1838 establishments in Maine
Populated places established in 1838
haloblack are an American industrial rock group formed in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. The original incarnation consisted solely of Bryan Barton (as Bryan Black) until Bill Morrisette and Damien Ray joined. Their style of industrial rock combined elements of electro, glitch, trip hop and metal music. They have been on tour with other industrial outfits including 16volt, Bile, Chemlab and Cop Shoot Cop and in addition supported Marilyn Manson. The band released three albums: Tension Filter and funkyhell for Fifth Colvmn Records and Throb for Armalyte Industries/The Sick City.
History
haloblack was formed in Minneapolis, Minnesota by Bryan Barton (as Bryan Black). Their first release was the cassette HB2 in 1992. Musicians Olivier Grasset and Arianne Schreiber joined to Barton make haloblack into a band and Fifth Colvmn Records signed them in 1994, releasing the band's debut album titled Tension Filter in November. The music was favorably compared to Trent Reznor of Nine-Inch Nails and the compositional depth received praise. The band followed that release in 1995 with the EP titled raw tension e.p.. haloblack moved to a less guitar driven sound for their third and final full-length album funkyhell, released in 1996 for Fifth Colvmn. The album was highly informed by electronica music and lead with the track "Distractor", which had previously appeared on the Fascist Communist Revolutionaries various artists compilation. In 1997 Haloblack has received commissions to score sonic backgrounds for 3D video games.
After the haloblack's second album Barton moved from Minneapolis to London in the late 90s. After being inspired to write again after listening extensively to Maxinquaye by Tricky and other electronic music Barton began working on a third album. The band released Throb on the United Kingdom-based music labels Armalyte Industries and The Sick City. The album was made with collaborative efforts of musicians Kraig Tyler, Charles Levi, Raymond Watts and Olivier Grasset.
Discography
Studio albums
Tension Filter (1994, Fifth Colvmn)
funkyhell (1996, Fifth Colvmn)
Throb (2004, Armalyte Industries/The Sick City)
Extended play
HB2 (1992)
raw tension e.p. (1995, Fifth Colvmn)
Compilation albums
rESONANCE (1992)
References
External links
(Domain Expired)
haloblack at Bandcamp
Musical groups established in 1992
1992 establishments in Minnesota
Electro-industrial music groups
Industrial music groups
American industrial rock musical groups
Fifth Colvmn Records artists
The Satellite Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Series, Miniseries, or Television Film is one of the annual Satellite Awards given by the International Press Academy.
Winners and nominees
1990s
2000s
2010s
2020s
References
External links
Official website
Actress - Motion Picture, Supporting
Television awards for Best Supporting Actress
Philip Anthony Mankowski (born January 9, 1953) is a former professional baseball third baseman. They played all or parts of six seasons in Major League Baseball with the Detroit Tigers (1976–1979) and New York Mets (1980, 1982).
Early years
Mankowski was born in Buffalo, New York, in 1953. Their father Ben played in the Brooklyn Dodgers farm system in the early 1940s, and their brother Paul played in the Minnesota Twins' farm system from 1965 to 1969. Mankowski played four years of varsity baseball at Bishop Turner High School in Buffalo and was drafted in 1970 at age 17 in the ninth round by the Detroit Tigers.
Major League Baseball
With Aurelio Rodriguez holding the third baseman position for Detroit, Mankowski spent six years in the minor leagues before making their major league debut. As a rookie in 1976, Mankowski appeared in 24 games, 22 of them as the Tigers' starting third baseman. In 1977, they appeared in a career-high 94 games, including 78 as the starter at second base. During the 1977 season, they also had career highs in at bats (286), hits (79), triples (three), and RBIs (27). The only other season in which Mankowski had at least 100 at bats was 1978, when they hit .275, scored 28 runs, hit four home runs, and drove in 20 runs. On April 7, 1978, Mankowski hit a three-run home run to help Mark Fidrych get the win in a five-hitter against the Toronto Blue Jays.
On October 31, 1979, the Tigers traded Mankowski and Jerry Morales to the New York Mets for Richie Hebner. They appeared in 21 games for the Mets during the 1980 and 1982 seasons.
In 269 major league games, Mankowski hit .264 with 195 hits, 72 runs scored, 64 RBIs, 55 bases on balls, 23 doubles, eight home runs, four triples, and three stolen bases.
Later years
Mankowski played third baseman Hank Benz in the 1984 movie The Natural.
References
Major League Baseball third basemen
Detroit Tigers players
New York Mets players
Bristol Tigers players
Batavia Trojans players
Lakeland Tigers players
Clinton Pilots players
Montgomery Rebels players
Evansville Triplets players
Tidewater Tides players
Baseball players from New York (state)
Living people
1953 births
All the Proud Tribesmen (1959) is a children's novel by Australian author Kylie Tennant, illustrated by Clem Seale. The book won the Children's Book of the Year Award: Older Readers in 1960.
Book summary
The book tells the story of a 12-year-old boy from an imaginary island in the Torres Strait and of a volcanic disaster that drives the local fishing and pearl-diving population to migrate to a neighbouring island.
Critical reception
E.B. in The Canberra Times was brief: "Written for children Miss Tennant's new work of fiction is an intelligent story of the missionary stage of the changing pattern of social living for the island people of our near north."
As was the reviewer in Kirkus Reviews: "Kylie Tennant tells a good story and enriches it with a vivid picture of the islands and the men who inhabit them."
See also
1959 in Australian literature
1960 in Australian literature
External links
All the Proud Tribesmen at the Open Library
References
Australian children's novels
1959 Australian novels
Novels set on islands
Novels set in Oceania
CBCA Children's Book of the Year Award-winning works
1959 children's books
Bald Mountain is a name given to over fifty summits in California.
In Sugarloaf Ridge State Park there is a Bald Mountain summit located on the Sonoma-Napa County border at , and rising to an elevation of . Sonoma Creek rises from its southeastern flank, the source of Bear Creek is on its northern flank, and its northeastern flank drains to the Napa River.
Located on the Sonoma-Napa County border just south of Sugarloaf Ridge State Park, there is a Bald Mountain summit at , rising to an elevation of .
In Los Angeles County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Humboldt County there is a Bald Mountain at west of McKinleyville that rises to an elevation of .
In San Benito County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Santa Cruz County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Fresno County there are four:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Santa Clara County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In San Joaquin County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Calaveras County there are three:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Tuolumne County there are three:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Yolo County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In El Dorado County there are two:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Lake County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Placer County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Mendocino County there are six:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Shasta County there are three:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Modoc County there are three:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Lassen County there are two:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Riverside County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Santa Barbara County there are two:
at that rises to an elevation of .
at that rises to an elevation of .
In Tulare County there are two:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Sierra County there are two:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Mono County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Nevada County there are two:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In San Luis Obispo County there are two:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Monterey County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Mariposa County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Siskiyou County there are two:
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
In Butte County there is a Bald Mountain at that rises to an elevation of .
See also
List of summits of the San Francisco Bay Area
Bald Mountain, other mountains with the name
References
Lists of landforms of California
Mountains of the San Francisco Bay Area
Mountains of Southern California
Mountains of Los Angeles County, California
Mountains of Santa Barbara County, California
Mountains of Butte County, California
Mountains of Siskiyou County, California
Mountains of San Luis Obispo County, California
Mountains of Monterey County, California
Mountains of Mendocino County, California
Mountains of Nevada County, California
Mountains of Santa Clara County, California
Mountains of Napa County, California
Mountains of Sonoma County, California
Teiu is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Leșile and Teiu.
Natives
Vladimir Streinu
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Choi Young-joon (born 7 July 1980) is a South Korean actor and singer.  They are known for their roles in Flower of Evil (2020), Hospital Playlist (2020–21), Vincenzo (2021), and Our Blues (2022).
Career
Choi made their debut in 2002 as a member of boy band 7Dayz. After the group's disbandment, Choi went on to become a musical actor.
In recent years since 2019, Choi was featured in several television dramas, mostly playing supporting roles. Their notable roles came from Flower of Evil (2020), Hospital Playlist seasons 1 and 2 (2020-21), Vincenzo (2021), and Our Blues (2022).
Filmography
Television
Theater
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Choi Young-joon on Play DB
1980 births
Living people
21st-century South Korean actors
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male film actors
South Korean stage actors
Yuri Drozdovskij (, born 22 May 1984 in Odesa) is a Ukrainian chess Grandmaster.
They won the European Rapid Championship in 2006 and tied for first place at Cappelle-la-Grande in 2007.
Drozdovskij was equal first (losing out on tie-break to Pavel Tregubov) at the 4th Pivdenny Bank Cup 2008, a rapid tournament held annually in Odesa. This was an outstanding result, as they finished ahead of Boris Gelfand, Ruslan Ponomariov, Anatoly Karpov and Viktor Korchnoi. In 2009 they were a member of the bronze medal-winning Ukrainian team at the European Team Chess Championship.
Their current Elo rating is 2614.
Personal life
Since 2009 Yuri Drozdovskij is married to Ukrainian chess grandmaster Natalia Zdebskaya.
References
External links
Yuri, Drozdovskij Achievements at GrossClub.com
1984 births
Living people
Chess grandmasters
Ukrainian chess players
Odesa University alumni
Voshchar () is a rural locality (a settlement) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 314 as of 2002.
Geography
Voshchar is located 38 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Spassky Pogost is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Pureba is a locality in the Australian state of South Australia located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula and on land to the immediate north of the peninsula about north-west of the state capital of Adelaide and about north-east and north respectively of the municipal seats of Ceduna and Streaky Bay.
Pureba's boundaries were created in January 1999 with its name ultimately derived from Pureba Hill, a hill located within its boundaries.
Pureba's boundaries were altered on 26 April 2013 “to ensure the whole of the Pureba Conservation Park is within the locality of the same name.”
The land use within Pureba is mainly concerned with the Pureba Conservation Park, although “approved mineral exploration and mining” is allowed under the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972.
Pureba is located within the federal division of Grey, the state electoral district of Giles, the local government areas of the District Council of Ceduna and the District Council of Streaky Bay, and the state's Pastoral Unincorporated Area.
Surrounding localities
Pureba is surrounded by the following localities gazetted under the South Australian Geographical Names Act 1991:
North: Yumbarra, Yellabinna
Northeast: Kondoolka
East: Kondoolka, Pinjarra Station, Yondoolka and Gawler Ranges
Southeast: Gawler Ranges
South: Maltee, Mudamuckla, Nunjikompita, Wallala, Koolgera, and Yantanabie
Southwest: Wandana
West: Wandana
Northwest: Yumbarra
References
Notes
Citations
Towns in South Australia
Eyre Peninsula
Places in the unincorporated areas of South Australia
The Canon EOS 6D Mark II is a 26.2-megapixel full-frame digital single-lens reflex camera announced by Canon on June 29, 2017.
Impressions from the Canon press event were mixed, with many saying the camera is "a sizeable upgrade, but feels dated". Critics point out that the 6D does not support 4K video shooting and its 45 AF points are dense around the center, resulting in slower focus and recompose maneuvers when photographing moving subjects.
Main features
New features over the EOS 6D are:
New 26.2 megapixel CMOS sensor with Dual Pixel CMOS AF, (total 27.1 megapixels), instead of 20mp CMOS sensor with contrast detect.
DIGIC 7, standard ISO 100–40000, expandable from L: 50 to H1: 51200, H2: 102400, compares (DIGIC 5+, ISO 100 – 25600, H 51200, H2 102400).
New 7560-pixel RGB+IR metering sensor to aid the AF system
45 cross-type AF points, compared to 11, with center point is the only cross-type.
At f/8, autofocusing is only possible with the center AF point. However, 27 will autofocus when the body is attached to only 2 lens/teleconverter combination with a maximum aperture of f/8. The EF 100–400mm f/4.5–5.6L IS II lens, with Extender EF 1.4x III and EF 200–400mm f/4L IS Extender 1.4x lens, used with Extender EF 2x III (AF at 27 focus points, and the central 9 points acting as cross-type points). The EOS 6D Mark II is the first non-professional full-frame EOS body that can autofocus in this situation; previous non-professional bodies could not autofocus if the maximum aperture of an attached lens/teleconverter combination was smaller than f/5.6 (This feature had previously been included in three non-professional APS-C bodies: first the 80D, followed by the 77D and EOS 800D/Rebel T7i.)
At f/5.6, center AF point supporting down to EV -2.
With f/2.8 lens, AF sensitive down to EV -3.
High-speed Continuous Shooting at up to 6.5 fps, 4 fps in Live view mode with Servo AF.
For anti-flicker shooting: max. approx. 5.6 shots/sec.
Low speed continuous shooting: 3 fps
Built-in NFC and Bluetooth.
1080p at 60/50 fps video recording capability
4K time-lapse movie
Built-in HDR and time-lapse recording capability
Anti-flicker
Flash Sync Speed 1/180
Battery life: 1,200 shots. (1,100 at 0 °C/32 °F; 380 with live view or 340 with live view at 0 °C/32 °F.)
New Intelligent viewfinder with grid, dual axis electronic level, warning icons.
Fully articulated touchscreen compared fixed screen on EOS 6D.
Supporting Panning mode in SCN.
References
External links
DXO Mark Review: Great color and ISO performance
Cameras introduced in 2017
Live-preview digital cameras
Canon EOS DSLR cameras
Full-frame DSLR cameras
Muscle Hill is a trotting stallion, by super sire Muscles Yankee, who won a Breeders Crown race in 2008 and 2009.  They are driven by Brian Sears and trained by Greg Peck.
Muscle Hill was purchased by Tom Pontone for $55,000 at the Harrisburg Yearling Sales in 2007. They showed great promise as a two-year-old winning the Peter Haughton Memorial and 2008 Breeders Crown Two Year Old Colt Trot. They went on to win $817,301 and eight of nine races and was named the United States 2-Year Old Colt Trotter of the Year.
In 2009 they went on to win all of their races as a three-year-old, including the Hambletonian, the Canadian Trotting Classic, the American-National, the World Trotting Derby, the Kentucky Futurity and the Breeders Crown. In The Hambletonian they won in 1:50.1 which was a stakes record and tied the fastest time for a trotter of any age at The Meadowlands. They won by six lengths, the largest winning margin in The Hambletonian since Mack Lobell in 1987. At the end of 2009 they retired to stud with career prize money of $3,273,342, and having won the last 20 of the 21 races in which they competed. The $2,456,041 that they won in 2009 was a record for a single season for either a trotter or a pacer. They were voted United States Harness Horse of the Year for 2009, the first time a trotter had won the award for an undefeated season. They never came close to defeat in their twenty wins which were all by a margin of at least one length.
At stud their early foals have included Hambletonian winner Trixton and top filly Mission Brief. ,Marion Marauder - 1 50,2 - 2013 g.- winner Hambletonian , Bar Horring - 1.51,4 - 2013 g., Manchego - 1.49,0 - 2015 g.
In January 2016 it was announced that Muscle Hill would be inducted into the Living Horse Hall of Fame.
References
2006 racehorse births
American Standardbred racehorses
Harness Horse of the Year winners
American Champion harness horses
United States Harness Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Ptychaspididae is a family of trilobites, containing the following genera:
Alborsella
Changia
Eoptychaspis
Eowuhuia
Euptychaspis
Idiomesus
Kathleenella
Keithia
Keithiella
Macronoda
Plectrella
Proricephalus
Ptychaspis
Saukioides
Sunwaptia
Wilcoxaspis
References
Dikelokephaloidea
Trilobite families
Eight ships used in the service of the United States or of the Colonial Forces of the United States Revolutionary War (six of which were United States Navy ships) have been named Enterprise with a ninth currently under construction:
See also
– U.S. Navy training facility and simulator (2005–2011)
USS Enterprise (disambiguation) – includes non-military ships, aircraft, and spacecraft named USS Enterprise
– ships of the British Royal Navy named HMS Enterprise
Enterprise (disambiguation) § Vessels – other vessels named Enterprise
References
United States Navy ship names
The Drake Bulldogs are an NCAA Division I Football Championship Subdivision non-scholarship college football program representing Drake University. They currently compete in the non-scholarship Pioneer Football League and have been charter members of the conference since 1993. Drake began playing intercollegiate football in 1893.
History
Scholarship era
The 1922 Drake Bulldogs football team is considered by many to be the greatest in Drake history and is, to date, the only undefeated Bulldog team. Drake capped the historic season with a 48–6 triumph over Mississippi State on November 25, 1922. They received votes as the number one team in the College Football Researchers Association poll and were invited to the White House for their accomplishments. The Bulldogs were coached by legend Ossie Solem.
During the 1926 Homecoming activities, Babe Ruth visited and suited up for a Drake scrimmage. Head coach Ossie Solem extended the invitation stating "We finally inquired had they ever indulged in the 'dirt eating' pastime known as football. The answer was sort of a woeful 'No.' It was evident that the 'Big Bimbo' had missed something in their boyhood days, and when the invitation to work out with the Bulldogs was extended, it was accepted with glee." Ruth scored a 20-yard touchdown in the mock scrimmage.
Following the 1931 season head coach Ossie Solem scheduled a game in Honolulu, Hawaii in which the bulldogs squared off against Hawaii. Solem, who was frustrated by the lack of postseason rewards (the Rose Bowl on January 1, 1932, was the only NCAA Bowl Game following 1931 season), called the trip a reward for their team's fourth straight Missouri Valley Conference championship.
In a close encounter at Honolulu Stadium on December 19, 1931, Hawaii defeated Drake 19–13 in a game dubbed the Aloha Classic. The game was the first by an Iowa school in the state of Hawaii. It was also the last game for Solem as Bulldog coach. They left the next season taking the head football coach vacancy at Iowa.
Drake was the first school of its size to install lights. On October 6, 1928, the Bulldogs defeated Simpson College 41–6 in the first night game at Drake Stadium.
In 1951, Johnny Bright was named a First Team College Football All-American, and was awarded the Nils V. "Swede" Nelson Sportsmanship Award. They were invited to the Heisman Trophy festivities and finished fifth in the voting.
In 1969, Bright was named Drake University's greatest football player of all time. Bright is the only Drake football player to have their jersey number (#43) retired by the school, and in June 2006, received honorable mention from ESPN.com senior writer Ivan Maisel as one of the best college football players to ever wear #43. In February 2006, the football field at Drake Stadium, in Des Moines, Iowa, was named in their honor. In November 2006, Bright was voted one of the CFL's Top 50 players (#19) of the league's modern era by Canadian sports network TSN.
In 1972, the Bulldogs returned to their first bowl appearance in 3 years. They captured a share of the Missouri Valley Conference Championship, after being away from the league for 20 years, with a 4-1 record in conference play. The only conference loss was to 18th AP Ranked Louisville (Led by Tom Jackson, All-Pro Linebacker, Denver Broncos, and former ESPN Analyst). They went on to play Tennessee State and Ed 'Too Tall' Jones (All-Pro Defensive End, Dallas Cowboys) in the Pioneer Bowl, which proved to be a difficult challenge in a 29-7 loss, finishing with a 7-5 record overall. During this return to bowl competition, coach Jim Johnson was the defensive coordinator and Jack Wallace was the head coach. In 1999, Jim Johnson became the Defensive Coordinator for the Philadelphia Eagles under head coach Andy Reid.
The most successful Drake team in the modern era of college football was the 1981 Bulldogs team. Drake finished the season with 10 wins and nearly had an undefeated season. The Bulldogs lost 59–6 to Tulsa ending their chance at a perfect season. With a 7–4–0 record, Tulsa clinched the lone Missouri Valley Conference postseason berth due to the head-to-head tie-breaker. Both teams finished conference play 7–1–0.
Modern era
Following the historic 1981 season, the Bulldogs suffered five straight non-winning seasons. In 1986, the school chose not to award athletic scholarships ("grants-in-aid") to football players. It was unclear if Drake football would survive until Des Moines, Iowa native Rob Ash was introduced as coach in 1989.
Ash rejuvenated the program during their eighteen seasons at Drake and played a crucial role in the founding of the Pioneer Football League, a football-only league run out of the Missouri Valley Conference offices in St. Louis, Missouri. In the process, they became Drake's all-time winningest coach with a record of 125–63–2; leading the Bulldogs to four conference titles and five runners-up finishes in the Sports Network Cup. As a result, Ash was named the conference coach of the year three times (1995, 1998, and 2004).
After the 2006 season, Ash accepted the head football coach position at Montana State. In their final Drake season, they led the team to a runner-up finish in both the Pioneer Football League and the Sports Network Cup. Ironically, San Diego defeated Drake in both, marking the first time two Pioneer Football League teams finished first and second in the Sports Network Cup.
The Bulldogs were coached by long-time NFL assistant Steve Loney in 2007. The team finished 6–5, with a highlight 27–24 victory over #7 Illinois State on August 30. Loney resigned at the end of the season to accept a position as offensive line coach with the St. Louis Rams.
Chris Creighton was named head coach beginning with the 2008 season. In 2009, the Bulldogs missed out on a share of the conference title when Butler connected on a field goal with one second remaining in the regular season finale. In 2011, Drake shared the conference title with San Diego, their first title under Creighton. They would share the title again in 2012.
Rick Fox was named the head coach in December 2013, and coached their first game in the 2014 season. Fox coached their most successful season in 2017, when the Bulldogs finished 2nd in the PFL with a conference record of 6–2.
Pioneer Football League series records
Championships
Notable games
1930 Soldier Field night game
Drake played the first night game at Soldier Field, losing a close contest to Oregon 14–7 on October 3, 1930. This was the first intersectional night game ever played in Chicago, Illinois. The Drake vs. Oregon game was followed by Loyola vs. Georgetown.
1938 double-header
On September 23, 1938, Drake won two games in the same day. The Bulldogs defeated Central 45–0 in the afternoon game, followed by a 47–0 win over Monmouth in the evening game.
Johnny Bright incident
The Johnny Bright incident was a violent on-field assault against African-American player Johnny Bright by White American player Wilbanks Smith during an American college football game held on October 20, 1951 in Stillwater, Oklahoma. The game was significant in itself as it marked the first time that an African American athlete with a national profile and of critical importance to the success of their Drake University team had played against Oklahoma A&M (now Oklahoma State University) on their home field. Bright's injury also highlighted the racial tensions of the times and assumed notoriety when it was captured in what was later to become both a widely disseminated and eventually Pulitzer Prize winning photo sequence. The event later came to be known as the "Johnny Bright Incident".
Global Kilimanjaro Bowl
On September 1, 2010, Drake announced it would forgo its normal postseason tie-ins in order to participate in the Global Kilimanjaro Bowl, the first American Football game in Africa. The Bulldogs solidified their spot in the game, securing a winning season with their sixth win on October 30, 2010 (a 38–17 defeat of San Diego).
Drake continued their success during the 2011 season after the victory in the Kilimanjaro Bowl. The Bulldogs shared the Pioneer Football League title. Coach Creighton and their team were honored with the NCAS Giant Steps Award for their charity work in Africa. They were also featured in a documentary by CBS Sports for their work in Africa.
2018 game vs. Iowa State
On December 1, 2018, Drake played FBS 23rd-ranked Iowa State in a makeup game for both schools. The game did not count toward bowl eligibility for Iowa State but served as a 12th game for their seniors.
Despite being 41-point underdogs, FCS non-scholarship Drake held its own, holding a 24–20 lead in late in the third quarter before eventually falling 27–24. Nevertheless, Drake played a memorable game and almost pulled off one of the biggest upsets ever in college football.
All-time records
Bowl games
Seasons
See List of Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Individual honors
See List of Drake Bulldogs football awards
Retired numbers
National Football Foundation College Football Hall of Famers
References
External links
American football teams established in 1893
Drake Bulldogs
The Engine Room Acoustic Session is an EP released by The King Blues in 2008. It was available exclusively at their album release show at the Carling Academy Islington, London on October 22, 2008. Fans were able to sign up online to receive a signed copy, requesting a message of up to ten words be written by the band, and the CD was made available for collection at the gig. All four tracks are performed acoustic, tracks 2 and 4 are taken from their second album Save The World. Get The Girl while "A New England" is a cover of Billy Bragg's song and "Needle & Thread" was previously unreleased.
Track listing
"A New England" - 2:30
"Save the World, Get the Girl" - 2:51
"Needle & Thread" - 2:56
"Hold On Tight" - 3:48
References
The King Blues albums
2008 EPs
WarnerTV Film, formerly Turner Classic Movies (TCM) and TNT Film, is a German pay television channel owned by Warner Bros. Discovery International. The channel broadcasts movies both in their original language and dubbed into German.
The channel launched on the Arena satellite platform with a full 24-hour schedule in December 2006 as Turner Classic Movies. It has later become available from other distributors, including Premiere from September 2007. On July 4, 2009, the channel was rebranded as TNT Film and started to feature recent films more prominently. The channel also switched to the 16:9 widescreen aspect ratio.
The channel was rebranded as WarnerTV Film from September 25, 2021.
Broadcasting
In August 2013, SES Platform Services (later MX1, now part of SES Video) won an international tender by Turner Broadcasting System, to provide playout services for TNT Film, and for TNT Serie, TNT Glitz, Cartoon Network, Boomerang and CNN International (in both SD and HD) for the German-speaking market, digitization of existing Turner content, and playout for Turner on-demand and catch-up services in Germany, Austria, Switzerland the Benelux region, from November 2013.
M7 Group's Kabelkiosk stopped broadcasting of TNT Film on 1 March 2017.
Logos
Audience share
References
External links
Film
Television stations in Germany
German-language television stations
Turner Broadcasting System Germany
Television channels and stations established in 2006
Warner Bros. Discovery EMEA
Hercules Bellville (June 18, 1939 – February 21, 2009) was an American film producer. Working with Jeremy Thomas at London's Recorded Picture Company for much of their later career, they were an associate producer on The Dreamers and Sexy Beast, and the co-producer of Blood and Wine. Formerly Bellville acted as Roman Polanski's assistant director on many films, working with the director in a creative capacity for over a decade. Bellville was an associate producer on Polanski's The Tenant, and it is their hands that come through the wall to menace Catherine Deneuve in Repulsion.
Filmography
The Dreamers (2003)
Sexy Beast (2000)
All the Little Animals (1998)
Blood and Wine (1996)
Strangers Kiss (1983)
The Tenant (1976)
Gallery
References
Sources
External links
1939 births
2009 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
Film producers from California
Businesspeople from San Diego
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
Joseph-Arthur Dufresne was a local politician in Shawinigan, Quebec. They were the second mayor of Shawinigan.
They were born in 1861 in Trois-Rivières, Mauricie and married to Georgiana Larouche, from Blind River, ON Famille directe. They moved to Shawinigan after they were offered a job by the Shawinigan Water & Power Company.
They served as a council member in 1901 and 1902 and became mayor of the city in 1902.
They left Shawinigan and moved back to Trois-Rivières in 1903. They became the owner of two hotels in Trois-Rivières QC. The first one (before the huge fire of June 1908 was on the "rue du Fleuve", the second one on the corner of the "rue des Forges" at "rue Royale" They died in 1933.
Footnotes
See also
Mayors of Shawinigan
Mauricie
Shawinigan, Quebec
1861 births
1933 deaths
Mayors of Shawinigan
Edward Herle (c. 1617 – 20 April 1695) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1689. They fought in the Parliamentary army in the English Civil War.
Herle was the son of Thomas Herle of Prideaux, Cornwall, and their wife Lowday Glyn, daughter of Nicholas Glyn of Glyn, Cornwall and brother of Thomas Herle, M.P.
In April 1640, Herle was elected Member of Parliament for Bossiney in the Short Parliament.
Herle raised a Troop of Horse, at their own expense at the start of the Civil War and commanded them throughout. They were appointed High Sheriff of Cornwall in 1646 and in 1647 was appointed Vice-Admiral of the Coast for North Cornwall.
In 1659 Herle was elected MP for Fowey in the Third Protectorate Parliament. In April 1660 they were elected MP for Callington and Fowey in the Convention Parliament and chose to sit for Fowey. They were elected MP for
Grampound in 1689.
They died in 1695 and was buried at Luxulyan, Cornwall. They married twice; firstly Mary, daughter and coheiress of Nicholas Trefusis of Lezant, with whom they had seven sons and three daughters and secondly Susanna, the widow of John Owen, a London fishmonger.
References
1617 births
1695 deaths
Members of the pre-1707 English Parliament for constituencies in Cornwall
Roundheads
High Sheriffs of Cornwall
English MPs 1640 (April)
English MPs 1659
English MPs 1660
English MPs 1689–1690
Plagodis kuetzingi, the purple plagodis, is a North American moth in the family Geometridae. It is an uncommon to rare moth.
Distribution
This moth is found from Nova Scotia south to Virginia and Tennessee west to Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin.
Flight
The purple plagodis is found from May to July.
Host plants
It feeds only on ash trees (Fraxinus sp.)
References
Moths of North America
Ourapterygini
Tarık Daşgün (born 26 August 1973 in Ankara) is a Turkish football manager and former player who is currently the manager of BB Bodrumspor. In 2005 they were found guilty of doping.
Club career
They played for Gençlerbirliği S.K., Fenerbahçe S.K., Kocaelispor, Ankaragücü and Yimpaş Yozgatspor in the Turkish Süper Lig, appearing in more than 180 league matches and scoring 40 goals.
In 2005 they were found guilty of doping.
They also played for Tokatspor and retired from football at Belediye Bingölspor in 2007.
International career
Daşgün made two appearances for the full Turkey national football team, their debut coming in a friendly against Chile on 22 June 1995.
Personal
They graduated from Gazi University.
References
External links
Manager profile at TFF
1973 births
Living people
Turkish footballers
Turkey international footballers
Gençlerbirliği S.K. footballers
Fenerbahçe S.K. footballers
Kocaelispor footballers
MKE Ankaragücü footballers
Sakaryaspor footballers
Kardemir Karabükspor footballers
Turkish football managers
Doping cases in association football
Turkish sportspeople in doping cases
Association football midfielders
David Compton Tallichet Jr. (December 20, 1922 – October 31, 2007) was an American business person who started, but did not originate, themed restaurants. They also owned scores of classic military aircraft.
Early life
Born in Dallas, Texas, Tallichet graduated from the University of the South in Tennessee, the University of Texas at Dallas; they later attended Southern Methodist University in Texas, but left before completing their English degree.
US Army Air Forces
Joining the United States Army Air Forces, they were deployed to Europe during World War II, initially flying as co-pilot on a Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress. Their crew became part of the 350th Bombardment Squadron, which in February 1945 joined the 100th Bombardment Group, based at RAF Thorpe Abbotts. They flew more than 20 missions in an aircraft called Spirit of Pittwood. After the war, Tallichet flew transport aircraft in Europe.
After mustering out of active service, they joined the New Mexico Air National Guard, flying the P-51 Mustang. Tallichet remained on active reserve status in the United States Air Force until 1957.
Career
After they left the Army, Tallichet joined Hilton Hotels. In 1955, they were managing the Lafayette Hotel in Long Beach, California, which hosted a Miss Universe beauty pageant; they later married the contestant from Indiana.
Restaurants
In 1958, Tallichet and SeaWorld founder George Millay formed Specialty Restaurants Corporation, a destination-restaurant business. Their first location was a Polynesian-themed Reef in Long Beach, California; the second was Castaway in Burbank, California. Ultimately, Tallichet designed, financed, or built more than 100 restaurants across the United States, including the Proud Bird next to Los Angeles International Airport and 94th Aero Squadron near Van Nuys Airport. Many designs were shaped by Tallichet's experience as a military aviator.
Military Aircraft Restoration Corp
Inspired by a trip to the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum in the early 1960s, they began to buy vintage aircraft. Their first purchases were: a P-51 Mustang for $13,000; a B-25 Mitchell bomber; a Korean War MiG jet; a P-40 Tomahawk; a B-29 bomber; and a Martin B-26 Marauder. Tallichet formed Military Aircraft Restoration Corp., a subsidiary of the restaurant company, to manage their collection. Many of the organization's later aircraft were recovered wrecks from the Pacific Ocean, often around Papua New Guinea.
On hearing about the proposed production of the movie Memphis Belle, Tallichet offered to fly their own B-17 across the Atlantic Ocean for filming.
At its peak in the mid-1990s, their collection included more than 120 aircraft. They slowly reduced their holdings, and owned around 50 at their death.
The company also made replica classic military aircraft for use as props in films, including Pearl Harbor and Collateral Damage, and later produced entrance themes for aircraft museums.
Personal life
Tallichet was married to Cecilia. They lived in Long Beach, then Newport Beach. They had four children: John, Catherine Ann, William (Bill), James and grandchildren Ashley, Catherine, Bryan, and Lauren. They divorced. They married Carol Schmidt in 1984, and they remained married for the remainder of their life. Their sister, film actor Margaret Tallichet, was married to film director William Wyler.
Tallichet died at their home in Orange, California, of complications from prostate cancer, at age 84, on October 31, 2007.
References
External links
Specialty Restaurants Corporation
American restaurateurs
Sewanee: The University of the South alumni
University of Texas at Dallas alumni
United States Army Air Forces pilots of World War II
20th-century American businesspeople
Methodists from Texas
Deaths from prostate cancer
Deaths from cancer in California
1922 births
2007 deaths
Businesspeople from Dallas
American hoteliers
The men's 60 metres hurdles event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 28 February–1 March.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 3 from each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
First 4 from each semifinal qualified directly (Q) for the final.
Final
References
60 metres hurdles at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
60
Lei Uk Tsuen (), sometimes transliterated as Lee Uk, is a village in Tai Wai, Sha Tin District, Hong Kong.
Location
Lei Uk Tsuen is located east of Che Kung Temple and west of Chun Shek Estate.
Administration
Lei Uk Tsuen is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
History
Lei Uk Tsuen was established by the Lei () clan in the late 17th century.
See also
Sha Tin Tau
References
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Sha Tin Tau and Lee Uk (Sha Tin) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tai Wai
Priboieni is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Albotele, Paraschivești, Priboieni, Sămăila, Pitoi, Valea Mare, Valea Nenii and Valea Popii.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Southwark Park was a railway station in Bermondsey, south-east London, on the Greenwich Line between and . It was opened by the South Eastern and Chatham Railway on 1 October 1902, on approximately the same site as the then long-closed Commercial Dock railway station. It was close to the southern end of Southwark Park, from which it took its name. South Bermondsey railway station, on the South London Line, is nearby.
The station was constructed on a section of extra wide arches running from west of Rotherhithe New Road to east of the road. Two loop lines ran through the station, which was controlled by the Corbetts Lane Signal Cabin (later renamed Southwark Park Station Signal Cabin). Passengers boarded trains from two island platforms, reached from ground level via ramped approaches. Each platform was long, with waiting rooms and a roof long. A booking hall and station offices stood at ground level.
The station did not attract much traffic, as an electric tramway ran nearby and was more popular with travellers. Along with Spa Road and Deptford stations, Southwark Park station closed on 15 March 1915 due to wartime economies. It did not reopen due to competition from other public transport making it uneconomic to operate. The station continued to be used by railway staff until 21 September 1925. The bricked-up remains of the ticket hall are visible from the outside in Corbetts Lane. The abandoned interior of the ticket hall and foundations for the platforms were uncovered by Network Rail in March 2015 as part of Thameslink Programme upgrade.
British Rail did consider reopening the station as part of Thameslink in the 1980s but never materialised.
References
External links
Abandoned Stations - Southwark Park station (includes photos of surviving external elements of the station)
Photographs of the former station's interior, uncovered in 2015
Look what we've found! Thameslink work near London Bridge uncovers 'ghost' Southwark Park railway station – from This Is Local London
Disused railway stations in the London Borough of Southwark
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1902
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1915
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
The North Corridor is the eighth studio album by American rock band Chevelle, released on July 8, 2016.
Release
On May 10, 2016, the band announced that their new album will be titled The North Corridor, which was released on July 8, 2016. The first single from the album, "Joyride (Omen)", was released to radio in May 2016. The group also added that the first 2016 pre-orders would be signed by the band; but later decided that all pre-orders would be signed due to the servers crashing when the preorders went live. "Door to Door Cannibals" and "Rivers" were also released as singles. The band announced on June 20 that the song "Young Wicked" would be available to everyone who pre-ordered the album on June 23, 2016.
Composition
The North Corridor has been described as alternative metal, hard rock, and post-grunge. The album has been considered the band's heaviest album. The albums focus more riffs and lyrical themes influenced by horror. Despite the albumes heavier sound, the song "Punchline" utilizes electronic elements.
Critical reception
Critical reception to the album has been generally positive. AllMusic's Neil Yeung has described the album as Chevelle's "heaviest, darkest, and most aggressive effort in over a decade." Stanciu Raul of Sputnikmusic stated "The North Corridor soars like never before, surpassing This Type of Thinking & La Gargola without feeling one-sided. [Chevelle are] always tweaking the overall sound in small amounts, so that you'll be constantly surprised."
Track listing
Personnel
Chevelle
Pete Loeffler – vocals, guitar, art direction
Sam Loeffler – drums
Dean Bernardini – bass, direction, drums and artwork
Technical personnel
Dave Collins – mastering
Joe Barresi – producer, mixing
Marcel Fernandez – assistant producer
Morgan Stratton – assistant producer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2016 albums
Chevelle (band) albums
Epic Records albums
Albums produced by Joe Barresi
In social choice and operations research, the egalitarian rule (also called the max-min rule or the Rawlsian rule) is a rule saying that, among all possible alternatives, society should pick the alternative which maximizes the minimum utility of all individuals in society. It is a formal mathematical representation of the egalitarian philosophy. It also corresponds to John Rawls' principle of maximizing the welfare of the worst-off individual.
Definition
Let be a set of possible `states of the world' or `alternatives'. Society wishes to choose a single state from . For example, in a single-winner election, may represent the set of candidates; in a resource allocation setting, may represent all possible allocations.
Let be a finite set, representing a collection of individuals. For each , let be a utility function, describing the amount of happiness an individual i derives from each possible state.
A social choice rule is a mechanism which uses the data to select some element(s) from which are `best' for society. The question of what 'best' means is the basic question of social choice theory. The egalitarian rule selects an element which maximizes the minimum utility, that is, it solves the following optimization problem:
Leximin rule
Often, there are many different states with the same minimum utility. For example, a state with utility profile (0,100,100) has the same minimum value as a state with utility profile (0,0,0). In this case, the egalitarian rule often uses the leximin order, that is: subject to maximizing the smallest utilty, it aims to maximize the next-smallest utility; subject to that, maximize the next-smallest utility, and so on.
For example, suppose there are two individuals - Alice and George, and three possible states: state x gives a utility of 2 to Alice and 4 to George; state y gives a utility of 9 to Alice and 1 to George; and state z gives a utility of 1 to Alice and 8 to George. Then state x is leximin-optimal, since its utility profile is (2,4) which is leximin-larger than that of y (9,1) and z (1,8).
The egalitarian rule strengthened with the leximin order is often called the leximin rule, to distinguish it from the simpler max-min rule.
The leximin rule for social choice was introduced by Amartya Sen in 1970, and discussed in depth in many later books.
Properties
Pareto efficiency
The max-min rule may not necessarily lead to a Pareto efficient outcome. For example, it may choose a state which leades to a utility profile (3,3,3), while there is another state leading to a utility profile (3,4,5), which is a Pareto-improvement.
In contrast, the leximin rule always selects a Pareto-efficient outcome. This is because any Pareto-improvement leads to a leximin-better utility vector: if a state y Pareto-dominates a state x, then y is also leximin-better than x.
Pigou-Dalton property
The leximin rule satisfies the Pigou–Dalton principle, that is: if utility is "moved" from an agent with less utility to an agent with more utility, and as a result, the utility-difference between them becomes smaller, then resulting alternative is preferred.
Moreover, the leximin rule is the only social-welfare ordering rule which simultaneously satisfies the following three properties:
Pareto efficiency;
Pigou-Dalton principle;
Independence of common utility pace - if all utilities are transformed by a common monotonically-increasing function, then the ordering of the alternatives remains the same.
Egalitarian resource allocation
The egalitarian rule is particularly useful as a rule for fair division. In this setting, the set represents all possible allocations, and the goal is to find an allocation which maximizes the minimum utility, or the leximin vector. This rule has been studied in several contexts:
Division of a single homogeneous resource;
Fair subset sum problem;
Egalitarian cake-cutting;
Egalitarian item allocation.
Egalitarian (leximin) bargaining.
See also
Utilitarian rule - a different rule, that emphasizes the sum of utilities rather than the smallest utility.
Proportional-fair rule - a rule that tries to balance the efficiency of the utilitarian rule and the fairness of the egalitarian rule.
Max-min fair scheduling - max-min fairness in process scheduling.
References
Egalitarianism
Fairness criteria
The Nem-Catacoa Festival was a music festival held in 2010 in Cajicá, Colombia, a town just north of the capital Bogotá. It was named after the mythical Nencatacoa. Plans were made for a second edition of the festival in 2011, but this never materialised, and with the rise in popularity of the Estéreo Picnic Festival, which began in the same year and has a similar music policy, it seems unlikely that the Nem-Catacoa Festival will ever return.
History
The festival was held on 9 and 10 October 2010 in the Polo Club, Cajicá. Green Day, Jamiroquai and Cobra Starship were the headliners.
Saturday 9 October
Zipa Stage (main stage):
Jamiroquai
Cobra Starship
Superlitio
Retrovisor
Zaque Stage (second stage):
Tego Calderón
Mala Rodríguez
La Republica
Naki
La Mojarra Electrica
Maloka Stage (electronic tent):
Young Empires
Grafton Primary
Radio Rebelde
Troyans
LSCFJ
Makintouch
Sunday 10 October
Zipa Stage (main stage):
Green Day
Don Tetto
Zaque Stage (second stage):
The Bravery
El Cuarteto de Nos
Profetas
V for Volume
The Mills
Maloka Stage (electronic tent):
De Juepuchas
3 de Corazon
The Hall Effect
MET
Diva Gash (not on original programme)
Remaj7
Galeano
Camo
See also
List of music festivals in Colombia
References
Rock festivals in Colombia
Music festivals established in 2010
Defunct music festivals
Yining is a city in Xinjiang, China.
Yining may also refer to:
Yining, Jiangxi (义宁镇), town in Xiushui County
Yishan Yining (一山 一寧; 1247–1317), Zen master
Yining City and Yining County are different. Yining is usually called Ghulja, and Yining county is usually called Jlyuz.
See also
Li Yining
Abubakar Ibn Umar Garbai El-Kanemi of Borno (born 13 May 1957) is the Shehu, or traditional ruler, of the Borno Emirate in northeast Nigeria.
Career
Shehu Abubakar Ibn Umar Garbai El-Kanemi (son of Shehu Umar Ibn Abubakar Garbai of Borno) has been the Shehu of Borno since 2009. They were born in Damagum, Yobe State on 13 May 1957. They attended Government College Maiduguri for their secondary education, and in 1975 was admitted to the Staff Training Centre, Potiskum where they obtained the Intermediate Local Government Certificate. They joined the Borno State Government in 1976. Subsequently, they attended Kaduna Polytechnic (1978–1982) and Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria (1986) where they obtained an Advanced Diploma in Local Government Administration. They became Permanent Secretary in the Ministries of Finance (1993), Works and Housing and Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs (2008).
El-Kanemi is married with three wives and has 15 children.
Reign
Borno State Governor, Ali Modu Sheriff officially appointed them Shehu on 2 March 2009. Two days later, on 4 March 2009, they received the Kanuri investiture (bayatu in Kanuri language).
After their accession, The Yoruba community pledged to fully support El-Kanemi to ensure the peaceful co-existence of the different ethnic and religious groups in Borno State.
In their first public speech after being appointed, El-Kanemi criticized the government for failing to tackle poverty, while urging the people of Borno to desist from begging as a lifestyle and to seek gainful employment.
Footnotes
Bibliography
Short biography of Shehu Abubakar
Dynasty
External links
Kanuri Studies Association
Royalty of Borno
1957 births
Living people
Kaduna Polytechnic alumni
Ahmadu Bello University alumni
Arnold Perlmutter (, 1859–1953) was a composer for Yiddish theatre, born in Zolochiv, Galicia, Austria-Hungary. They moved to Lemburg where they received both a religious and a secular education in Polish, Ukrainian, and German. They sang with then-famous hazzan Borekh Shor's chorus until their voice changed, then became a klezmer, playing bass and then violin and directing and composing for the Harmonia orchestra, which in 1889 was taken into I. B. Gimpel's Yiddish theater in Lemburg; they wrote the music for the operetta Rabbi Akiva and their students. and Der Spanisher Tsigayner (The Spanish Gypsy).
In 1891 Abraham Goldfaden came to Lemburg to stage their Meshiakh tsaytn (Messiah times) and Dos tsente gebot (The Tenth Commandment); Perlmutter orchestrated and reworked Goldfaden's collected musical numbers and composed new ones for their productions. They then toured with the Treytler and Yuvelir troupes throughout Galitsia, Romania (1893-1895) and Russia (1899). From Chernovitz, Bukovina, in 1900 Professor Moyshe Horvitz (Hurwitz) took the whole troupe to America.
Perlmutter met their longtime collaborator Herman Wohl in New York's Windsor Theater and they wrote for dozens of Hurwitz's operettas as well as Di almoneh (The widow) and A mentsh zol men zayn (One should be a righteous person) by Anshel Schorr. In 1906 Perlmutter and Wohl composed the music for a romantic drama in English, The Shepherd King; in 1909, Boris Thomashefsky's Dos Pintele Yid and Di sheyne Amerikanerin; and for scores of other historical operettas of the Second Avenue Yiddish Theater District theaters through the early years of the twentieth century.
After the partnership dissolved Perlmutter worked alone, composing for Maurice Schwartz's production in 1920 of I. L. Peretz's Di goldene keyt (The golden chain). In 1922 they contracted with the Lennox Theater in the Bronx (directors Nathan Goldberg and Jacob Jacobs). They wrote the music for dozens of productions until they retired from theater in 1930.
References
External link
1859 births
1953 deaths
Jewish composers
Musicians from Lviv
Horgești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bazga, Galeri, Horgești, Mărăscu, Răcătău-Răzeși, Răcătău de Jos, Recea and Sohodor.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Milford and Brocton railway station served the villages of Milford and Brocton in Staffordshire, England from 1877 to 1950 on the Trent Valley line.
History
The station opened on 18 May 1877 by the London and North Western Railway. The station closed to both passengers and goods traffic on 6 March 1950.
References
External links
Disused railway stations in Staffordshire
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1877
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1950
Former London and North Western Railway stations
1877 establishments in England
Goshpi Avari is a Pakistani Asian Games gold medalist in sailing. They won the medal with their husband, Byram, at the 1982 Games. They were the first and, until 2010, the only Pakistani woman to have won a gold medal at a major international competition.
Family
Avari is married to Byram and the couple have three children together, including Xerxes, also an Asian Games competitor for Pakistan.  They are Parsi.
Sailing
Avari won a gold medal in enterprise class yachting at the 1982 Asian Games in New Delhi, India, where they were the only female competitor in the sport.
Awards
Pride of Performance (2011)
References
Living people
Parsi people
Pakistani female sailors (sport)
Pakistani Zoroastrians
Recipients of the Pride of Performance
Sportspeople from Karachi
Asian Games medalists in sailing
Sailors at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Pakistan
Year of birth missing (living people)
A power take-off or power takeoff (PTO) is one of several methods for taking power from a power source, such as a running engine, and transmitting it to an application such as an attached implement or separate machine.
Most commonly, it is a splined drive shaft installed on a tractor or truck allowing implements with mating fittings to be powered directly by the engine.
Semi-permanently mounted power take-offs can also be found on industrial and marine engines. These applications typically use a drive shaft and bolted joint to transmit power to a secondary implement or accessory. In the case of a marine application, such shafts may be used to power fire pumps.
In aircraft applications, such an accessory drive may be used in conjunction with a constant speed drive. Jet aircraft have four types of PTO units: internal gearbox, external gearbox, radial drive shaft, and bleed air, which are used to power engine accessories. In some cases, aircraft power take-off systems also provide for putting power into the engine during engine start. See also Coffman starter.
Also, in wave energy technology to harness the ocean wave energy, the power take-off systems are used. The working principle can vary and be classified as a direct mechanical drive system, hydro turbine transfer system, hydro motor system, pneumatic air turbine transfer system, and direct electrical drive system.
History
Various power transmission methods were available before power take-offs became common, but there were applications which would benefit more from some of the attributes that PTOs would provide. Flat belts were generally only useful for applications where the engine was stationary, such as factory steam engines, portable stationary engines, or traction engines parked in front of the work. For moving vehicles such as a traction engine or early tractor towing a farm implement, the implement could receive rotary power by taking it from one of its own wheels (whose turning was imparted by the towing) and distributing it via roller chains (to a sickle bar's crank, for example), but such a transmission ceases if the vehicle stops traveling, and the workload's resistance tends to make the wheel skid rather than turn, even if cleated. The concept of a shaft drive with easily connected and disconnected couplings, and flexibility for driving at changing angles (such as when an articulated tractor-and-trailer combination turns), was a goal to pursue.
Experimental power take-offs were tried as early as 1878, and various homemade versions were constructed over the subsequent decades.
International Harvester Company (IHC) was first to market with a PTO on a production tractor, with its model 8-16, introduced in 1918. Edward A. Johnston, an IHC engineer, had been impressed by a homemade PTO that they saw in France about a decade before, improvised by a French farmer and mechanic surnamed Gougis. They and their IHC colleagues incorporated the idea into the 8-16, and designed a family of implements to take advantage of the feature. IHC was not alone in the market for long, as within a year PTOs were appearing on other production tractors, such as some Case models. In 1920, IHC offered the PTO option on their 15-30 tractor, and it was the first PTO-equipped tractor to be submitted for a Nebraska tractor test. The PTO was a competitive advantage for IHC in the 1920s, and other companies eventually caught up with PTO implementation.
Inside the transmission, the exact point along the gear train where the power is taken off determines whether the PTO can be run independently of vehicle travel (ground speed). Early PTOs were often taken off the main output shaft, meaning that the vehicle had to be "in gear" in order to run the PTO. Later this was improved by so-called live PTO (LPTO) designs, which allow control of the PTO rotation independently of the tractor motion. This is an advantage when the load driven by the PTO requires the tractor motion to slow or stop running to allow the PTO driven equipment to catch up. It also allows operations where the tractor remains parked, such as silo-filling or unloading a manure spreader to a pile or lagoon rather than across a field. In 1945, Cockshutt Farm Equipment Ltd of Brantford, Ontario, Canada, introduced the Cockshutt Model 30 tractor with LPTO. Most PTOs built today are live. In modern tractors, LPTO is often controlled by push-button or selector switch. This increases safety of operators who need to get close to the PTO shaft.
Safety
The PTO and its associated shafts and universal joints are a common cause of incidents and injury in farming and industry. According to the National Safety Council, six percent of tractor related fatalities in 1997 in the United States involved the PTO. Incidents can occur when loose clothing is pulled into the shaft, often resulting in bone fractures, loss of limb, or death to its wearer. On April 13, 2009 former Major League Baseball star Mark Fidrych died as a result of a PTO related accident; "He appeared to have been working on the truck when their clothes became tangled in the truck's power take-off shaft", District Attorney Joseph Early Jr. said in a statement. Despite much work to reduce the frequency and severity of agricultural injuries, these events still occur. Power take-off entanglements are one example of agricultural events that can lead to death or permanent disability.
Some implements employ light free-spinning protective plastic guards to enshroud the PTO shaft;
these are mandatory in some countries.
In the UK, Health and Safety Executive guidance is contained in a leaflet.
Technical standardization
Agricultural PTOs are standardized in dimensions and speed. The ISO standard for PTOs is ISO 500, which as of the 2004 edition was split into three parts:
ISO 500-1 General specifications, safety requirements, dimensions for master shield and clearance zone
ISO 500-2 Narrow-track tractors, dimensions for master shield and clearance zone
ISO 500-3 Main PTO dimensions and spline dimensions, location of PTO.
The original type (designated as Type 1) calls for operation at 540 revolutions per minute (rpm). A shaft that rotates at 540 rpm has six splines on it, and a diameter of .
Two newer types, supporting higher power applications, operate at 1000 rpm and differ in shaft size. The larger shaft has 20 splines (diameter ) (designated as Type 3), while the smaller has 21 splines (diameter ) (designated as Type 2). Farmers typically differentiate these two types by calling them "large 1000" or "small 1000" as compared to the Type 1 which is commonly referred to as the "540".
Due to ever-increasing horsepower requirements from farm implements, and higher horsepower engines being installed in farm tractors, a still larger type (designated as Type 4) has been added to ISO 500. It operates at a higher rotational speed of 1300 rpm in order to allow for power transfer at reduced levels of torque. The shaft has 22 splines with a major diameter of 57.5 millimeters (mm). It is meant to handle PTO powers up to 450 kilowatts (kW), or roughly 600 horsepower (hp).
All four types rotate counterclockwise when viewed from inside the tractor's cab; when standing behind the tractor, the shaft turns clockwise.
A 10-spline type was used with some early equipment such as the 1948 Land Rover. A six-spline adapter was usually supplied. It is customary for agricultural machines manufacturers to provide the nominal PTO power specification, an indication of the available instantaneous power at the shaft. Newer tractors may come equipped with 540/540E and/or 1000/1000E options that allow the tractor to power certain low-power-demand implements like hay rakes or tedders using lower engine speeds to maintain the revolutions per minute needed, using less fuel and placing less stress on the engine – thereby improving efficiency and reducing costs.
The first industry standard for PTO design was adopted by ASAE (the American Society of Agricultural Engineers) in April 1927. The PTO rotational speed was specified as 536 ± 10 rpm; the direction was clockwise. The speed was later changed to 540 rpm.
Use on commercial vehicles
Truck transmissions have one or more locations which allow for a PTO to be mounted. The PTO must be purchased separately and care is required to match the physical interface of the transmission with a compatible PTO. PTO suppliers will usually require details of the make, model and even serial number of the transmission. Care is also needed to ensure that the physical space around the transmission allows for installation of the PTO. The PTO is engaged and disengaged using the main transmission clutch and a remote control mechanism which operates on the PTO itself. Typically, an air valve is used to engage the PTO, but a mechanical linkage, electric or hydraulic mechanism are also options.
Most Unimogs come with front and/or rear PTOs and hydraulics as well as three point hitch systems.
Units will be rated according to the continuous and intermittent torque that can be applied through them and different models will offer different "PTO shaft rotation to engine RPM" ratios.
In the majority of cases, the PTO will connect directly to a hydraulic pump. This allows for transmission of mechanical force through the hydraulic fluid system to any location around the vehicle where a hydraulic motor will convert it back into rotary or linear mechanical force. Typical applications include:
Running a water pump on a fire engine or water truck
Running a truck mounted hot water extraction machine for carpet cleaning (driving vacuum blower and high-pressure solution pumps)
Powering a blower system used to move dry materials such as cement
Powering a vehicle-integrated air compressor system
Raising a dump truck bed
Operating the mechanical arm on a bucket truck used by electrical maintenance personnel or cable TV maintenance crews
Operating a winch on a tow truck
Operating the compactor on a garbage truck
Operating a Boom/Grapple truck
Operating a truck mounted tree spade and lift-mast assembly
Split shaft
A split shaft PTO is mounted to the truck's drive shaft to provide power to the PTO. Such a unit is an additional gearbox that separates the vehicle's drive shaft into two parts:
The gearbox-facing shaft which will transmit the power of the engine to the split shaft PTO;
The axle-facing shaft which transmit the propelling power to the axle.
The unit itself is designed to independently divert the engine's power to either the axle-facing shaft or the additional PTO output shaft. This is done by two independent clutches like tooth or dog clutches, which can be operated at total driveline standstill only. Because the main gearbox changes the rotation speed by selection of a gear, the PTO cannot be operated while the vehicle is moving.
On 4x4 vehicles, only the rear drive shaft is used by the split shaft PTO gearbox, requiring the vehicle's 4x4 drive scheme to be of the selectable 4WD type to keep the front axle drive shaft completely decoupled during PTO operation.
It is also possible to connect something other than a hydraulic pump directly to the PTO: for example, fire truck pumps.
"Sandwich" split shaft
A "sandwich" type split shaft unit is mounted between engine and transmission and used on road maintenance vehicles, fire fighting vehicles and off-road vehicles. This unit gets the drive directly from the engine shaft and can be capable of delivering up to the complete engine power to the PTO. Usually these units come with their own lubricating system. Due to the sandwich mounting style, the gearbox will be moved away from the engine, requiring the driveline to accommodate the installation.
See also
Balancing machine
References
Bibliography
ISO standards
Agricultural machinery
Laurence Holloway (born 31 March 1938) is an English pianist and composer from Oldham, Lancashire, England.  They are perhaps best known as the Musical Director for Michael Parkinson's chat show, firstly on the BBC then ITV. They also are Musical Director for the first three series of Strictly Come Dancing on the BBC.
Biography
Holloway has appeared with the London Symphony Orchestra, the BBC Concert Orchestra, the Royal Philharmonic, and the Boston Pops Orchestra as both conductor and lead pianist. Their TV work has included composing several well-known TV theme tunes such as Wicked Women, Maggie and Her, Blind Date and Beadle's About. They also composed "Hook, Line and Sinker" for the 1970 LWT fishing series Casting Around.
In 1990, Holloway accompanied Queen Elizabeth II and their sister, Princess Margaret, on the piano for a recording the two made of Scottish childhood songs at Buckingham Palace for the 90th birthday of their mother, Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother. A single cassette was produced featuring a dozen songs, but the recording was lost after the Queen Mother's death.
They have been awarded the Gold Badge of Merit by the British Academy of Composers and Songwriters and they have appeared as the subject of This Is Your Life. They were appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 Birthday Honours for services to music.
Holloway married the singer Marion Montgomery in 1965, until their death in 2002. They had a daughter, Abigail (born 1967).
Discography
Jazz Box Jazz 1957
About time (Elgin)
Blue skies & other vistas (Elgin)
Instant Marriage, 1964 West End musical
Hit Parade Holloway Style 1966
Good Time 1967
The Great Piano Hits Holloway Style 1967
Piano On The Roof 1967
Marian In The Morning 1972
Cumulus 1979
Brandenburg Boogie
About Time 1993
Blue Skies & Other Vistas 1996
Showtime (Elgin)
Laurie Holloway Trio: live at Abbey Road 2000 (Grasmere Records)
Laurie Holloway - The Piano Player 2004 (Universal Records)
Strictly Come Dancing – Bruce Forsyth & the Laurie Holloway Orchestra 2004 (Sony Records)
References
External links
Laurie Holloway website
1938 births
Living people
People from Oldham
English television composers
English male composers
English pianists
Members of the Order of the British Empire
British male pianists
21st-century pianists
21st-century British male musicians
Paulo Roberto are given names. Notable people with these given names include:
Paulo Roberto (footballer, born 1958), Brazilian footballer
Paulo Roberto Falcão, a Brazilian retired footballer and manager
Paulo Roberto de Oliveira Júnior, a Brazilian retired footballer
Paulo Roberto Cardoso Rodrigues, a Brazilian footballer
Paulo Roberto Correia, Brazilian Olympic sprinter
Paulo Roberto Curtis Costa, a Brazilian retired footballer
Paulo Roberto Marqués Roris, a Brazilian-born Spanish futsal player
Paulo Roberto Morais Júnior, a Brazilian footballer
Paulo Roberto da Silva, a Brazilian footballer
Paulo Roberto Prestes, a Brazilian retired footballer
Paulo Roberto Paula, a Brazilian long-distance runner
Paulo Roberto da Silva Zaltron, a Brazilian footballer
Paulo Roberto do Carmo, a Brazilian footballer
Paulo Roberto Gonzaga, a Brazilian footballer
A protein skimmer or foam fractionator is a device used to remove organic compounds such as food and waste particles from water. It is most commonly used in commercial applications like municipal water treatment facilities and public aquariums. Smaller protein skimmers are also used for filtration of home saltwater aquariums.
Function
Protein skimming removes certain organic compounds, including proteins and amino acids found in food particles, by using the polarity of the protein itself. Due to their intrinsic charge, water-borne proteins are either repelled or attracted by the air/water interface and these molecules can be described as hydrophobic (such as fats or oils) or hydrophilic (such as salt, sugar, ammonia, most amino acids, and most inorganic compounds). However, some larger organic molecules can have both hydrophobic and hydrophilic portions. These molecules are called amphipathic or amphiphilic. Commercial protein skimmers work by generating a large air/water interface, specifically by injecting large numbers of bubbles into the water column. In general, the smaller the bubbles the more effective the protein skimming is because the surface area of small bubbles occupying the same volume is much greater than the same volume of larger bubbles. Large numbers of small bubbles present an enormous air/water interface for hydrophobic organic molecules and amphipathic organic molecules to collect on the bubble surface (the air/water interface). Water movement hastens diffusion of organic molecules, which effectively brings more organic molecules to the air/water interface and lets the organic molecules accumulate on the surface of the air bubbles. This process continues until the interface is saturated, unless the bubble is removed from the water or it bursts, in which case the accumulated molecules release back into the water column. However, it is important to note that further exposure of a saturated air bubble to organic molecules may continue to result in changes as compounds that bind more strongly may replace those molecules with a weaker binding that have already accumulated on the interface. Although some aquarists believe that increasing the contact time (or dwell time as it is sometimes called) is always good, it is incorrect to claim that it is always better to increase the contact time between bubbles and the aquarium water. As the bubbles increase near the top of the protein skimmer water column, they become denser and the water begins to drain and create the foam that will carry the organic molecules to the skimmate collection cup or to a separate skimmate waste collector and the organic molecules, and any inorganic molecules that may have become bound to the organic molecules, will be exported from the water system.
In addition to the proteins removed by skimming, there are a number of other organic and inorganic molecules that are typically removed. These include a variety of fats, fatty acids, carbohydrates, metals such as copper, and trace elements such as iodine. Particulates, phytoplankton, bacteria, and detritus are also removed; this is desired by some aquarists, and is often enhanced by placement of the skimmer before other forms of filtration, lessening the burden on the filtration system as a whole. There is at least one published study that provides a detailed list of the export products removed by the skimmer. Aquarists who keep filter-feeding invertebrates, however, sometimes prefer to keep these particulates in the water to serve as natural food.
Protein skimmers are used to harvest algae and phytoplankton gently enough to maintain viability for culturing or commercial sale as live cultures.
Alternative forms of water filtration have recently come into use, including the algae scrubber, which leaves food particles in the water for corals and small fish to consume, but removes the noxious compounds including ammonia, nitrite, nitrate, and phosphate that protein skimmers do not remove.
Design
All skimmers have key features in common: water flows through a chamber and is brought into contact with a column of fine bubbles. The bubbles collect proteins and other substances and carry them to the top of the device where the foam, but not the water, collects in a cup. Here the foam condenses to a liquid, which can be easily removed from the system. The material that collects in the cup can range from pale greenish-yellow, watery liquid to a thick black tar.
Consider this summary of optimal protein skimmer design by Randy Holmes-Farley:
For a skimmer to function maximally, the following things must take place:
1. A large amount of air/water interface must be generated.
2. Organic molecules must be allowed to collect at the air/water interface.
3. The bubbles forming this air/water interface must come together to form a foam.
4. The water in the foam must partially drain without the bubbles popping prematurely.
5. The drained foam must be separated from the bulk water and discarded.
Also under considerable recent attention has been the general shape of a skimmer as well. In particular, much attention has been given to the introduction of cone shaped skimmer units. Originally designed by Klaus Jensen in 2004, the concept was founded on the principle that a conical body allows the foam to accumulate more steadily through a gently sloping transition. This reduces the overall turbulence, resulting in more efficient skimming. While research into the specific benefits of the design are still being measured, early reviews of many conical skimmers have been positive overall. Cylindrical-shaped protein skimmers are also common.
Overall, protein skimmers can be classed in two ways depending on whether they operate by co-current flow or counter-current flow. In a co-current flow system, air is introduced at the bottom of the chamber and is in contact with the water as it rises upwards towards the collection chamber. In a counter-current system, air is forced into the system under pressure and moves against the flow of the water for a while before it rises up towards the collection cup. Because the air bubbles may be in contact with the water for a longer period in a counter-current flow system, protein skimmers of this type are considered by some to be more effective at removing organic wastes.
Co-current flow systems
Air stone
The original method of protein skimming, running pressurized air through a diffuser to produce large quantities of micro bubbles, remains a viable, effective, and economic choice, although newer technologies may require lower maintenance. The air stone is most often an oblong, partially hollowed block of wood, most often of the genus Tilia. The most popular wooden air-stones for skimmers are made from limewood (Tilia europaea or European limewood) although basswood (Tilia americana or American Linden), works as well, may be cheaper and is often more readily available. The wooden blocks are drilled, tapped, fitted with an air fitting, and connected by air tubing to one or more air pumps delivering at least 1 cfm. The wooden air stone is placed at the bottom of a tall column of water. The tank water is pumped into the column, allowed to pass by the rising bubbles, and back into the tank. To get enough contact time with the bubble, these units can be many feet in height.
Air stone protein skimmers may be constructed as a DIY project from pvc pipes and fittings at low cost and with varying degrees of complexity .
While this method has been around for many years, many regard it as inefficient for larger systems or systems with large bio-loads.
Venturi
The premise behind these skimmers is that a venturi pump, or aspirator, can be used to introduce the bubbles into the water stream. The tank water is pumped through the venturi, in which fine bubbles are introduced, then enters the skimmer body. This method was popular due to its compact size and high efficiency but venturi designs are now more likely to be included in other skimmer designs rather than as a simple venturi design.
Counter-current flow systems
Aspirating: pin-wheel/adrian-wheel, needle-wheel, mesh-wheel
This basic concept is more correctly known as an aspirating skimmer, since some skimmer designs using an aspirator do not use a "Pin-Wheel"/"Adrian-Wheel" or "Needle-Wheel". "Pin-Wheel"/"Adrian-Wheel" describes the look of an impeller that consists of a disk with pins mounted perpendicular (90°) to the disc and parallel to the rotor. "Needle-Wheel" describes the look of an impeller that consists of a series of pins projecting out perpendicular to the rotor from a central axis. "Mesh-Wheel" describes the look of an impeller that consists of a mesh material attached to a plate or central axis on the rotor. The purpose of these modified impellers is to chop or shred the air that is introduced via a venturi apparatus or external air pump into very fine bubbles. The Mesh-Wheel design is fairly new and, while providing excellent results in the short term because of its ability to draw in more air and create finer bubbles with its thin cutting surfaces, it is still being developed and will likely continue to evolve over a few more years.
This style of protein skimmer has become very popular and is believed to be the most popular type of skimmer used with residential reef aquariums today. It has been particularly successful in smaller aquariums due to its usually compact size, ease of set up and use, and quiet operation. Since the pump is pushing a mixture of air and water, the power required to turn the rotor can be decreased and may result in a lower power requirement for that pump vs. the same pump with a different impeller when it is only pumping water.
Downdraft
The Downdraft skimmer is both a proprietary skimmer design and a style of protein skimmer that injects water under high pressure into tubes that have a foam or bubble generating mechanism and carry the air/water mixture down into the skimmer and into a separate chamber. The proprietary design is protected in the United States with patents and commercial skimmer products in the US are limited to that single company. Their design uses one or more tubes with plastic media such as bio balls inside to mix water under high pressure and air in the body of the skimmer resulting in foam that collects protein waste in a collection cup. This was one of the earlier high performance protein skimmer designs and large models were produced that saw success in large and public aquariums.
Beckett skimmer
The Beckett skimmer has some similarities to the downdraft skimmer but introduced a foam nozzle to produce the flow of air bubbles. The name Beckett comes from the patented foam nozzle developed and sold by the Beckett Corporation (United States), although similar foam nozzle designs are sold by other companies outside the United States (e.g. Sicce (Italy)). Instead of using the plastic media that is found in downdraft skimmer designs, the Beckett skimmer uses design concepts from previous generations of skimmers, specifically the downdraft skimmer and the venturi skimmer (the Beckett 1408 Foam Nozzle is a modified 4 port venturi) to produce a hybrid that is capable of using powerful pressure rated water pumps and quickly processing large amounts of aquarium water in a short period of time. Commercial Beckett skimmers come in single Beckett, dual Beckett, and quad Beckett designs. Well engineered Beckett skimmers are quiet and reliable but the powerful pumps used in larger Beckett skimmer designs can take up additional space, introduce additional noise, and use more electricity than less powerful pumps. Unlike the Downdraft and Spray Induction skimmers, Beckett skimmer designs are produced by a number of companies in the United States and elsewhere and are not known to be restricted by patents.
Spray induction
This method is related to the downdraft, but uses a pump to power a spray nozzle, fixed a few inches above the water level. The spray action entraps and shreds the air in the base of the unit, which then rises to the collection chamber. In the United States, one company has patented the spray induction technology and the commercial product offerings are limited to that single company.
Recirculating skimmer designs
A recent trend is to change the method by which the skimmer is fed 'dirty' water from the aquarium as a means to recirculate water within the skimmer multiple times before it is returned to the sump or the aquarium. Aspirating pump skimmers are the most popular type of skimmer to use recirculating designs although other types of skimmers, such as Beckett skimmers, are also available in recirculating versions. While there is a popular belief among some aquarist that this recirculation increases the dwell or contact time of the generated air bubbles within the skimmer there is no authoritative evidence that this is true. Each time water is recirculated within the skimmer any air bubbles in that water sample are destroyed and new bubbles are generated by the recirculating pump venturi apparatus so the air-water contact time begins again for these newly created bubbles. In non-recirculating skimmer designs, a skimmer has one inlet supplied by a pump that pulls water in from the aquarium and injects it with air into the skimmer and releasing the foam or air/water mix into the reaction chamber. With a recirculating design, the one inlet is usually driven by a separate feed pump, or in some cases may be gravity fed, to receive the dirty water to process, while the pump providing the foam or air/water mix into the reaction chamber is set up separately in a closed loop on the side of the skimmer. The recirculating pump pulls water out of the skimmer and injects air to generate the foam or air/water mix before returning it to the skimmer reaction chamber—thus 'recirculating' it. The feed pump in a recirculating design typically injects a smaller amount of dirty water than co/counter-current designs. The separate feed pump allows easy control of the rate of water exchange through the skimmer and for many aquarists this is one of the important attractions of recirculating skimmer designs. Because the pump configuration of these skimmers is similar to that of aspirating pump skimmers, the power consumption advantages are also similar.
References
Further reading
Fishkeeping
Separation processes
Chemical equipment
This is a list of bridges and other crossings of the Pasig River in Metro Manila, Philippines.
The crossings are listed in order starting from its mouth at Manila Bay and proceeding upstream to its source at Laguna de Bay.
As of , there are a total of 22 bridges spans in Metro Manila that cross the Pasig River, including three rail bridges, carrying the LRT Line 1, MRT Line 3 and the Philippine National Railways track. Skyway is the first and only tollway bridge crosses the river.
The planned Metro Manila Subway will also cross the Pasig River between Pasig and Makati, making it the first tunnel to cross the river and the proposed MRT Line 10 is the fourth rail bridge parallel to the existing Bagong Ilog Bridge of C-5.
Current crossings
These are arranged from the mouth at Manila Bay to the source, from Laguna de Bay.
Former crossings
These are arranged from oldest to newest.
Planned crossings
These are arranged from the mouth to the source.
References
Pasig
Crossings
Bridges in Metro Manila
Crossings
Crossings
Lists of river crossings
Edward Neblett (born 1964) is a Barbadian former boxer. They competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics. At the 1984 Summer Olympics, they lost to Virgil Hill of the United States. Neblett also represented Barbados at the 1983 Pan American Games.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
Barbadian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Barbados
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games competitors for Barbados
Boxers at the 1983 Pan American Games
Place of birth missing (living people)
Middleweight boxers
The Symphony No. 2 in E, Op. 40, was completed by Ernő Dohnányi (published under professional name Ernst von Dohnányi) in 1944, at the close of the Second World War. It was revised later in the 1950s. Written with audible roots in the Romantic tradition, the work is largely lyrical, yet maintains a controlled militaristic air inspired by the events surrounding its composition. It references a variety of musical backgrounds, including the work of Brahms, Wagner, Kabalevsky, and Bach. Bach's song Komm, süßer Tod serves as the basis for a significant portion of the finale.
Dohnányi produced the symphony, a hallmark of their compositional maturity, in a time of great turmoil; its composition coincided with the 1944 German occupation of Hungary, during which thousands of Hungarian Jews - a number of Dohnányi's colleagues among them - were relocated to concentration camps. Dohnányi completed the symphony in Austria, where they had, controversially, moved to in November 1944 following the Soviet assault on Hungarian territory. Although these events circulated the symphony's creation, the work itself does not ostensibly depict the turbulent circumstances of the war's final days, but only suggests their presence with an uneasy atmosphere. It is approximately fifty minutes in length, and is the composer's last symphony.
Form
The work is in the traditional four-movement symphony format.
1. Allegro con brio, ma energico e appassionato
The first movement, approximately fourteen minutes, begins with a distinctive main theme that recurs in various manifestations. This theme is developed for about one minute and sets a heavy, uncertain air. After the introductory material concludes, the second, more lyrical theme is presented by violas and expanded by the woodwinds, displaying Dohnányi's talent for rich harmony and engaging orchestration. Although a generally quiet section, it is periodically accented with louder strings; the last accent does not fade and grows in expectation of a passionate high point, but is violently and abruptly interrupted by a burst from the brass and a subsequent use of snares. Immediately after the interruption, the basses interject a muscular passage before snares resume with a similar episode. The music quiets and returns to a lyrical sequence. After several minutes of gradual growth, the movement reaches its climax, a complete recapitulation of the opening theme and its developing material, executed by the brass with a shimmering undercurrent of violins, and punctuated by timpani. After a short respite, Dohnányi makes two more brief reiterations of the introductory theme, and then proceeds to the final bars, a massive ending. After vacillating wildly between tragedy and triumph for the duration of the movement, Dohnányi concludes strongly in the tonic major.
2. Adagio pastorale, molto con sentimento
The second movement differs drastically from the first, bearing little resemblance to the shifting, stifled martial atmosphere of the opening movement. It begins with a pseudo-Romantic theme from the woodwinds, the flutes and oboes playing prominent parts. They are later joined by the strings in a sweeping entrance hinting at the style of Dvořák, which play fluidly into a cheerful, but not light, development. This passage quiets and the main theme is recapitulated with the flutes, after which a solo clarinet scales playfully, with the support of soft strings and horn. This segways into a simple, eerie rhythm set by the harp, playing nine consecutive whole notes with a rich harmony of woodwinds above. After several repetitions of the opening material, the movement climaxes with Romantic intensity, the pulsing strings complemented by confident trumpets and timpani. There is an extended decline, which then merges into the concluding passages. The second movement ends tenderly, with quiet nostalgia. It is around twelve minutes in duration.
3. Scherzo - Burla: Allegro
The scherzo, perhaps the symphony's most modern movement, does not remind the listener of the work's first half. Only five minutes, it is intended to be grotesque and possibly unsettling. It begins turbulently with a rapid, discordant succession of chords, a progression which would constitute the basis of the movement, above a menacing string undertone. Amid this a shrill flute introduces the barely distinguishable second theme of the movement. Afterward the strings commence a momentary moment of fluidity before they are interrupted by a wailing trombone which gives the impression of a Russian circus. A march rhythm accompanies this action, trumpets buzzing almost disconcertedly. The flutes return with the second theme, before the trombones recapitulate the opening material, creating an almost competitive environment in which various sections of the orchestra struggle for supremacy. In a brief return to lyricism, the strings play a shiny passage with some playful woodwinds beneath. Unpredictably this is extinguished by a squawking trill of the brass, immediately refocusing the movement to the rapid material from the introduction, the chords returning as strong accents. After about thirty seconds of assorted events, the distinctive swoon of the trombones heard once before returns with more violent intensity, overshadowing the rest of the instruments, and drives the movement to a humorous and ungraceful conclusion. In a full tutti, the scherzo's end is abrupt, led to with a brief buildup and accomplished with a final, unrelenting chord.
4. Variazione
There is no overarching indication of tempo or mood in this movement, but rather a sequence of changing markings. After a short introduction, the movement presents five consecutive variations of a theme by Bach as the centerpiece of the finale. The variations are followed by a short fugue on the same theme and a concluding coda. The markings are as follows: Introduzione: Andante - Tema: Adagio - Variazione I: Piu mosso (Andante) - Variazione II: Piu mosso, animato, risoluto - Variazione III: Meno mosso (quasi il tempo del tema) - Variazione IV: Piu mosso, tempestuoso (Circa doppio movimento) - Variazione V: Adagio (mezzo movimento) - Fuga: Adagio ma non troppo - Coda: Andante maestoso - Alla marcia. This movement is the symphony's longest, spanning twenty minutes.
The finale is briefly introduced with a sullen, tuba-based opening, which quickly transitions into a vibrant, concerto-style duet violin passage, the first of the five variations. The bulk of the movement consists of the remaining four, executed by a combination of solo and orchestral work, and spread over a variety of musical forays. These passages, although highly diverse in their style and orchestration, all derive their core material from the primary choral melody of Bach's song Komm, süßer Tod. Although Bach scored the song's main theme for solo voice, Dohnányi did not include a choral setting of the work, and maintains a purely instrumental interpretation. After the fifth variation, Dohnányi proceeds with a six-minute fugue based on the same material; the fugue leads the movement to its climax, building from gentle strings and steadily involving more of the orchestra. In the midst of the climax Bach's melody is united with the symphony's opening theme, presented by the trumpets and supported by the trombones, horns and tuba. This new energy drives the movement to the coda, which closes the symphony. Unlike the unsure victory of the first movement, the finale has no reservations about triumph and presents a robust march to conclude the piece, a definitive E major finish.
Instrumentation
The score commands the following orchestra:
Woodwinds
Piccolo
3 Flutes
2 Oboes
English horn
2 Clarinets in B
Bass clarinet
3 Bassoons
Contrabassoon
Brass
8 Horns
4 Trumpets
3 Trombones
Tuba
Percussion
Timpani
Bass Drum
Cymbals
Snare Drum
Tam-Tam
Triangle
Tambourine
Strings
16 1st Violins
10 2nd Violins
8 Violas
8 Cellos
4 Double basses
2 Harps
Influence
Throughout this work, Dohnányi retains the Romantic sentiment manifested in the work of Brahms, who had championed Dohnányi when the latter was an aspiring composer at the end of the 19th century. Dohnányi's orchestration holds numerous similarities to that of Brahms; in particular, the use of woodwinds in the Second Symphony takes influence from Brahms' work in the same area. The presence of Wagner is also notable, e.g. Dohnányi's use of brass in the opening and concluding movements, hinting at Parsifal and other of Wagner's later work.
Nevertheless, the composer's style does not hide the contemporary traditions of modernism. Although they break from the experimental efforts of Bartók, Dohnányi keeps to their Hungarian origins, with traces of Hungarian folk music present within the lines of the symphony. In addition to the German influence, there are also subtle ties to the work of Russian composers. The softer second movement as well as sardonic third movement hold traces of Soviet music, possibly referencing thematic material of Kabalevsky. Amid these influences, Dohnányi creates a distinct musical idiom that characterizes most of their mature compositions.
In the 1950s, while the composer was serving their tenure as composer-in-residence at Florida State University, Dohnányi decided to revise the Second Symphony in a period of intense creativity at the end of their life. Although Dohnányi made significant alterations to the work, it pointedly retains its Romantic character. Throughout the entirety of their adult career, Dohnányi remained musically conservative, and even in their final years did not seek to foray into tonal and stylistic novelties. It is the revised version which is most often played in concert halls today.
Recordings
Although the symphony has been performed many times under numerous conductors, recordings of it have been scarce. By far the most well-known recording (and until 2010 the only commercially released one), completed 21–22 September 1995, is done by the BBC Philharmonic, conducted by Matthias Bamert and produced by Ralph Couzens. Released by Chandos Records, this also happens to be the symphony's premiere recording. Its information is as follows:
1996: Matthias Bamert (with the BBC Philharmonic Orchestra), recorded 1995, released 1996 on Dohnányi: Symphony No. 2, Symphonic Minutes (Chandos Records Ltd.) as "Dohnányi: Symphony No. 2" (49:49).
A second recording, performed by the American Symphony Orchestra under Leon Botstein, was completed in 2010:
2010: Leon Botstein (with the American Symphony Orchestra), recorded 2010, released 2010 on Dohnányi: Symphony No. 2 in E Major, Op. 40 (Live Recording) as "Dohnányi: Symphony No. 2" (53:58).
It is notable that on the BBC recording, the segmented finale is presented as nine consecutive tracks (t. 9–17), with an individual track representing each significant change in Dohnányi's markings. In Botstein's recording, the fourth movement and all of its components are listed under one longer track. In both concert and recording performance, it is to the conductor's discretion as to how to organize the listings in the final movement.
A third recording was undertaken by the Florida State University's University Symphony Orchestra conducted by Alexander Jiménez in the spring of 2013 on Naxos Records; it was released in June 2014.
See also
Variations on a Nursery Tune
Ruralia Hungarica
Romanticism
Music of Hungary
Fugue
1944 in music
Soviet music
List of songs and arias of Johann Sebastian Bach
References
Von Dohnanyi, Ilona (2002). Ernst Von Dohnanyi: A Song of Life. Indiana University Press.
Grymes, James A. (ed.) (2005). Perspectives on Ernst Von Dohnányi. Scarecrow Press. (e-Book, no ISBN specified) Accessed 11 July 2012
Rye, Matthew (1996). Dohnányi: Symphony No. 2/Symphonic Minutes. Chandos Records Ltd. (Symphony recording information)
External links
Ernő Dohnányi Discography
Full recording of the Second Symphony under Bamert
First movement - Allegro con brio, ma energico e appassionato (individual track)
Second movement - Adagio pastorale, molto con sentimento (individual track)
Third movement - Burla: Allegro (individual track)
Fourth movement - Variazione (individual track)
Bach's Komm, süßer Tod, komm selge Ruh, solo soprano with organ accompaniment
Compositions by Ernst von Dohnányi
1944 compositions
Compositions in E minor
Dohnanyi 2
is a Japanese actor, singer and model. They were a member of the Korean boy group Cross Gene. Takuya is also well known as the former Japanese Representative on Korean variety television Show, JTBC's Non-Summit.
Biography
Early life
In 2008, Takuya took part in the 21st Junon Superboy Contest. After making it through to the finals, Takuya was awarded the Special Jury Prize. Takuya signed with Japanese Entertainment Label Amuse, Inc. and starred in a handful of Amuse productions including Japanese Drama SIGN and stage musical Black & White. In 2010, Takuya transferred to the Korean subsidiary branch 'Amuse Korea' to join Project A (later named Cross Gene), an all-male Asian pop group to be made up of members from the different East Asian countries.
2012: K-Pop Debut
Takuya debuted as an idol with the boy group, Cross Gene, on June 7, 2012, as the leader and vocalist of the group.  They are known as the "Gorgeous Gene". Takuya later participated in and promoted movie roles including Live Action movie Ai Ore! in which they played the supporting role Kiryuuin Ruii alongside Karam from K-pop group DGNA. Takuya debuted for a second time in Japan, this time as a Pop Idol as a member of Cross Gene on March 13, 2013, with the release of the groups first Japanese single Shooting Star. During Cross Gene's Cross U concert in Japan, Takuya advised that they had given up the leadership role in Cross Gene.
In early 2014 Takuya took part in filming Cross Gene's project movie ZEDD in which they played the role of XI. Following promoting with Cross Gene for their first Korean comeback, Takuya joined Korean variety TV Show Non-Summit on JTBC as the representative for Japan. Takuya was well received by Korean audiences and earned the nickname Mr Slender hands (섬섬옥수) for their attractive hands. With the shows sudden popularity Takuya also experienced an increase in popularity. In November, Takuya was MC on the Red Carpet of the Melon Music Awards. Takuya also starred in the Music Video for Starship Entertainment Collaboration Hyolyn x Jooyoung, Erase. On 5 December Takuya was awarded the International Exchange Daesang at the Korean Hallyu Awards in recognition of their commitment to contributing to and sharing of Korean culture through both their position as a member of Cross Gene and as a panellist on the Korean variety show Non-Summit. In 2015 Takuya appeared in Mnet drama The Lover as "Takuya". They have appeared in movies and dramas in Japan, but they made their first acting debut in Korea with this drama.
In 2017, Takuya was selected as the torch relayer of the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympic Games and ran in the Masan District located in Changwon as the 57th torchbearer on November 14. On December 10, 2018, Takuya announced their departure from Cross Gene following the expiration of their contract with Amuse Korea. They subsequently signed with a new label.
Filmography
Television drama
Film
Theatre and Musical
Variety show
Awards and nominations
JUNON Superboy Contest
Korean Hallyu Awards
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Japanese male television actors
Japanese male film actors
Japanese male models
People from Ibaraki Prefecture
Japanese K-pop singers
Japanese expatriates in South Korea
21st-century Japanese male actors
21st-century Japanese singers
Amuse Inc. talents
21st-century Japanese male singers
Penicillium paxilli is an anamorph, saprophytic species of the genus Penicillium which produces paxilline, paxisterol, , pyrenocine A, paspaline B and verruculogene. Penicillium paxilli is used as a model to study the biochemistry of the indol-diterepene biosynthesis
Further reading
References
paxilli
Fungi described in 1907
Steelers usually refers to the Pittsburgh Steelers, an American football team which plays in the National Football League.
Steelers may also refer to:
Pohang Steelers, a South Korean association football club
Punjab Steelers, an Indian professional basketball team
SC Bietigheim-Bissingen or Bietigheim Steelers, an ice hockey club from Germany
Selkirk Steelers, a Canadian junior ice hockey club
Sheffield Steelers, an ice hockey club from the United Kingdom
Illawarra Steelers, an Australian former rugby league club
Kings Cross Steelers, a rugby union club for gay and bisexual men
Kobelco Steelers, a Japanese rugby union team
Kuopio Steelers, a Finnish american football club
Hanoi Steelers, a Vietnamese football team
The Steelers (music), vocal group from Chicago
See also
steelworker (disambiguation)
Steeler (disambiguation)
Carsten Pröpper (born 20 October 1967) is a German former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.  They are a son of Günter Pröpper and first cousin of Michael and Thomas Pröpper, all footballers as well.
References
1967 births
Living people
German footballers
Association football midfielders
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Wuppertaler SV players
FC Remscheid players
FC St. Pauli players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
People from Remscheid
Sportspeople from Düsseldorf (region)
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Although the Northern Mariana Islands did not participate in the 2020 presidential election because it is a territory and not a state, it still participated in the U.S. presidential caucuses and primaries. Bernie Sanders won the Democratic caucuses, held on March 14. The Republican caucuses, held on March 15, unanimously voted for incumbent President Donald Trump.
Democratic caucuses
The 2020 Northern Mariana Islands Democratic presidential caucuses took place on March 14, 2020, in the Democratic Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. The Northern Mariana Islands caucuses were a closed caucus. The territory awarded 11 delegates, of which 6 were pledged delegates allocated on the basis of the results of the caucuses. The caucus was held at the Saipan World Resort and was organized by the Northern Mariana Islands Democratic Party.
Procedure
When the Northern Mariana Islands Democratic Party published its draft delegate selection plan in July 2019, it specified a March 14 date for the 2020 caucuses.
In the open caucuses, candidates had to meet a threshold of 15 percent across the territory to be considered viable. The 6 pledged delegates to the 2020 Democratic National Convention were allocated proportionally as at-large delegates on the basis of the results of the caucuses.
The 6 pledged delegates Northern Mariana Islands sent to the national convention were joined by 5 unpledged PLEO delegates (4 members of the Democratic National Committee and House of Representatives nonvoting delegate Gregorio Sablan).
Candidates
Several, if not all major candidates participating in the Democratic primaries had been planned for the caucus ballot in Northern Mariana, but with candidates successively withdrawing nationally, the official field for the caucus had been reduced to Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders by March 5 (ignoring the continued candidacy of Representative Tulsi Gabbard, which played no role in national polls), with no write-in votes being allowed and an uncommitted option as the sole alternative.
Results
Republican caucuses
The 2020 Northern Mariana Islands Republican presidential caucuses took place on March 15, 2020, in the Republican Party presidential primaries for the 2020 presidential election. They were a closed caucus, with the territory awarding 9 delegates, all pledged to the winner of the presidential preference vote. Afterwards 6 delegates were individually elected, while the other 3 delegates participated at the 2020 Republican National Convention as leaders of the CNMI Republican Party. The caucuses unanimously voted to bound the 9 national delegates to incumbent President Donald Trump.
References
External links
The Green Papers Democratic Party delegate allocation summary
The Green Papers Republican Party delegate allocation summary
Northern Mariana Islands
United States presidential elections in the Northern Mariana Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Presidential
Northern Mariana Islands caucuses
Northern Mariana Islands Republican caucuses
Udaya Soundari (born 28 April 1991), is a Singaporean Indian actor and television presenter. They have appeared in films such as Parandhu Sella Vaa (2016) and A Yellow Bird (2016).  They are also the first person in Singapore to win three awards in one year at the Pradhana Vizha festival.
Personal life
Udaya was born and raised in Singapore. They also have a younger sister who is also a television actor called Malene.
In 2015, an adult sex tape was spread through out social media which raised concerns among Udaya's supporters of a woman looking like Udaya in the video. However after research in the video was done, it was declared that Udaya wasn't involved in the tape.
Filmography
Television
Films
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
People from Singapore
Singaporean people of Tamil descent
Singaporean people of Indian descent
Singaporean actores
Tamil television presenters
1991 births
Paya Lebar MRT station is a Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) interchange station on the East West line (EWL) and Circle line (CCL) in Geylang, Singapore. Despite the name, this station is not located in Paya Lebar but rather along Paya Lebar Road, near the junction with Sims Avenue. It is located among the developments of the Paya Lebar Central commercial hub and near the Geylang Serai district.
The station opened on 4 November 1989 as part of the MRT eastern line extension to Tanah Merah station. The EWL station exterior has the characteristic dome-shaped segmented roof also seen on other elevated EWL stations. The station later interchanges with the Circle line on 17 April 2010, and was the first MRT station to serve both an elevated line and an underground line.
History
East West line
The contract for the construction of Paya Lebar station and associated viaducts was awarded to Lee Kim Tah Ltd. at a contract sum of S$59.52 million in November 1985. The contractor had partnered with a French company Société Générale D'Enterprises Sainrapt Et Brice (SGE) for the construction. The contract also includes the construction of the Kallang and Aljunied stations. The station opened earlier than expected on 4 November 1989, serving the East West line.
As with most of the above-ground stations along the EWL, the station was built without platform screen doors. Half-height platform screen doors, which prevent commuters from falling onto the train tracks, were installed on 28 October 2011 and commenced operations on 11 January 2012. In addition, high-volume low-speed fans were installed and started operations since 14 July that year together with Kembangan station. Privacy screens were installed at some parts from Paya Lebar Road all the way to Geylang East Central, to minimise the noise impact from residents since October 2016 and completed in May 2017.
Circle line
Contract 823 for the construction of Paya Lebar station was awarded to Lum Chang Building Contractors Pte Ltd-Nishimatsu Construction Co. Ltd. joint venture at a contract sum of S$322 million. The contract also includes the construction of the Mountbatten and Dakota stations. Construction of the station started in August 2002.
On 16 March 2003, several roads around the station, including Paya Lebar Road, Eunos Avenue 5 and Tanjong Katong Road, were converted to one-way traffic to facilitate the construction. A bus stop was also temporary relocated in front of Singapore Post Centre. A stretch of Sims Avenue was also temporarily realigned from 26 August 2003 until two months later. When the roads were reinstated, an extra lane for each direction of Paya Lebar Road was added.
The Circle line station faced a major civil engineering challenge with regard to the underpinning of two existing EWL viaduct pillars. The pillars foundations were obstructing the construction works needed for the station. This was the first time such an operation was conducted in Singapore, especially on a live, heavy-capacity MRT line. A concrete wall, a concrete beam and a powerful jacking device were used to transfer the load of the viaduct to other structures. It was followed by the removal of the old piles and construction of new piles to support the viaduct. Many monitoring devices were installed and key engineers looked out for any potential breaches. Additional materials and tools were on standby if the pillars start to tilt when the piles were cut, and the Land Transport Authority (LTA) worked out emergency procedures with the Singapore Civil Defence Force (SCDF). The underpinning works were carried out successfully.
The Circle line station opened on 17 April 2010 when the line extended to Dhoby Ghaut station.
Incidents
On 4 April 2007, a man died after being hit by a train along the East West line sector at about 10:20 am. Police said the victim, a 52-year-old Chinese man, was pronounced dead by paramedics at 10:45 am. East-bound services were disrupted for 41 minutes but resumed by 11:02 am.
Station details
Services
The station serves the EWL between the Eunos and Aljunied stations, and the CCL between the Dakota and MacPherson stations. On the EWL, the station operates between 5:47am (6.13am on Sundays and public holidays) and 12:22am. On the CCL, the station operates between 5:40am (6.07am on Sundays and public holidays) and 12:26am.
Design
Like most EWL elevated stations on the eastern segment on the line (after Kallang station), Paya Lebar station has the notable feature of the dome-shaped roof, segmented like a caterpillar, over the platform level. The design was an attempt by the MRT Corporation (MRTC) to give the stations on the EWL an "attractive look".
The CCL station design, like all stations on the line, takes into account certain factors such as safety, comfort and convenience, in addition to giving them a stylish modern outlook. The standardised layouts for the stations also make it simpler for commuters to navigate around. Paya Lebar station is also among the few stations with Y-shaped columns supporting the station structure. In addition, there are barrier-free transfers between the EWL and CCL. The CCL station itself, like the other stations on the line, has features such as lifts and wider faregates to make them accessible for wheelchair users.
Public art
The artwork The Signs of Times by Salleh Japar is showcased at the concourse level of the CCL station as part of the Art-in-Transit programme. The artwork showcases abstract pictographs reflecting the varying periods of Paya Lebar's developments from a rural village to a satellite town. Some icons used includes pigs in a pig sty and an aeroplane taking flight from a nearby airport.
The station also features Art Seats, which have creative design to enhance the commuters' experience on the line. Two entries were selected through the International Art Seats Design Competition in 2006. The first entry – Matrix, which received the top prize in the international competition – consists of a series of benches engraved with the name of the station in a dot-matrix style on the seat surface. Another entry, Rain, showcases steel seats in the shape of water puddles. These seats are also displayed in the other CCL interchange stations.
Connectivity
The station is linked directly by underpass to multiple shopping malls in the area, including Paya Lebar Quarter and Paya Lebar Square. Malls and other building in the vicinity that are not linked directly by underpass include SingPost Centre and Lifelong Learning Institute. Exit C on Paya Lebar Road provides access to Foo Hai Ch'an Monastery, Sri Sivan Temple and Masjid Wak Tanjong. Exit D on Paya Lebar Road provides access to City Plaza, Geylang Road and Wisma Geylang Serai.
See also
Kallang–Paya Lebar Expressway
Paya Lebar Air Base
References
External links
Geylang
Railway stations opened in 1989
1989 establishments in Singapore
Mass Rapid Transit (Singapore) stations
The Love You Make: An Insider's Story of the Beatles is a 1983 book by Peter Brown and Steven Gaines. Brown was personal assistant to the Beatles' manager, Brian Epstein, a senior executive at Apple Corps, as well as best man to John Lennon at the latter's wedding to Yoko Ono in March 1969.
Book content
In a 1983 interview, Peter Brown said that, having turned down all previous offers to share their recollections of the Beatles, they had decided to write a book in 1979 because of the many inaccurate accounts that had been published. They said they contacted the four former band members that year, and that they each agreed "it was a good idea to do a definitive book once and for all and get it all over [with]; then we could forget about it."
The Love You Make covers the period from the Beatles' teenage years, through Beatlemania and the group's break-up, until after Lennon's murder in December 1980. A large portion of the text is devoted to Lennon and Epstein, particularly to the latter's homosexuality. Brown presents an at-times unflattering picture of the individual Beatles; they depict Lennon as lacking in kindness, belittles George Harrison's quest for spiritual enlightenment, and portrays Paul McCartney as self-serving and insincere. In their overview of the most popular books about the group, in The Rough Guide to the Beatles, Chris Ingham writes that Brown's account focuses on "the seamier side of The Beatles' story" and was viewed as being "nothing short of betrayal" by the surviving former band members.
Publication
The Love You Make was published in the United States in February 1983. Late in January, as a result of one of Brown's revelations, the British tabloid The Sun published an article about McCartney having fathered an illegitimate child in 1964 – a story about which the press had long been aware but had previously lacked corroboration. After Brown sent a copy of their book to Paul and Linda McCartney, the couple ceremoniously burnt it, with Linda photographing the event.
According to author and critic Kenneth Womack, the book attracted "considerable controversy" due to its "unvarnished, gossip-laden narrative about the Beatles' private lives", a reaction that they liken to that created by Albert Goldman's 1988 biography The Lives of John Lennon. Beatles fan took to calling Brown's book The Muck You Rake. Its accuracy has been challenged by another former Beatles insider, Ken Mansfield, in their 2000 memoir The Beatles, the Bible and Bodega Bay.
The Love You Make was reissued in 2002 by New American Library, with minor revisions and a foreword by Rolling Stone journalist Anthony DeCurtis. Speaking to New York magazine, Brown explained their decision to re-publish, saying that they had read a review of the Beatles Anthology book that mentioned "other Beatle books and not mine. And I got pissed off."
Critical reception
In a contemporary review, People magazine described the book as "Fabulous, revolting and depressing by turns" and "hard to ignore", saying that it "rank[s] in breadth if not malodorous spirit" with Goldman's 1981 biography of Elvis Presley, Elvis. The reviewer concluded: "The Love You Make is about an entire generation's loss of innocence – the Beatles lost theirs long ago, and their fans, at least those who believe Brown and Gaines' version of events – can lose theirs now." Kirkus Reviews considered the book "long, unfocused" and written in "sleazily faceless journalese", adding: "Throughout, the preoccupation is with the Beatles' private lives (women, drugs), with the neurotic miseries of homosexual manager Epstein, and with business deals; the music is secondary at best." The writer continued: "The attempts at psychological insight are hackneyed, the tone is alternately muckraking and platitudinous. So, though some readers will appreciate the petty anecdotes and tacky details here, most will want to stick with Philip Norman's Shout! …"
New Yorker journalist Mark Hertsgaard described The Love You Make as a "kiss-and-tell recounting of the Beatles story", although they noted that the authors' claims regarding an alleged longstanding homosexual relationship between Epstein and Lennon were "less salacious and sweeping" than Goldman's later statements in The Lives of John Lennon. Publishers Weekly welcomed the 2002 reissue, saying that Brown "recreates the well-known saga of Beatlemania but does it dispassionately enough to make it interesting". While noting that much of the content had become "pretty familiar", the reviewer admired it as "a dramatically good story and Brown catches us with the headiness of it all".
Authors Stuart Shea and Robert Rodriguez criticise Brown for the inaccuracy of their account, which included recollections of episodes "he could not possibly have been privy to", and for exaggerating their importance in the Beatles' history. According to Shea and Rodriguez, the former Beatles aide and their co-author were "clearly more interested in selling books than presenting a balanced, accurate portrait … Brown certainly would not have dared to present such salacious pap in John Lennon's lifetime and market it as an 'insider's story.'" Chris Ingham similarly considers that Lennon and Epstein "would undoubtedly have felt let down" by Brown's book.
External links
Preview of The Love You Make at Amazon.com
excerpt of chapter 8: "Bob Dylan turned the Beatles on to marijuana" at ExpectingRain.com
References
1983 non-fiction books
Books about the Beatles
Collaborative non-fiction books
The 1936 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the eighth staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18.
Mayo entered the championship as defending champions.
On 27 September 1936, Louth won the championship following a 5-1 to 1-8 defeat of Kerry in the All-Ireland final. This was their first All-Ireland title.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
References
1936
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Kordian (; English: Kordian: First Part of a Trilogy: The Coronation Plot) is a drama written in 1833, and published in 1834, by Juliusz Słowacki, one of the "Three Bards" of Polish literature. Kordian is one of the most notable works of Polish Romanticism and drama, and is considered one of Słowacki's best works.
History
Słowacki began work on Kordian about early 1833, completing it in late November that year, while they were in Switzerland. It was published next year in Paris, anonymously, leading to speculation that it might have been written by the foremost Polish poet, Adam Mickiewicz. Still, it received little positive notice in the first years after its publication. It premiered in 1889 in Austrian-held Kraków, at the theatre now named for Słowacki. It had to wait until 1916 for its first performance in Russian-held Warsaw.
Another notable production occurred in 1956 under Erwin Axer. Other leading directors who have staged Kordian include Leon Schiller (in the 1930s) and Jerzy Grotowski (1962). The play has become a classic of Polish theatre repertory.
Though Kordian'''s title and some of Słowacki's letters indicate that they had planned to write, and may actually have written drafts of, second and third parts, they were never published and, if written, were either destroyed or remain lost.Kordian has been required reading in Polish schools. In 1994 it aired on Polish TV Theatre.
Plot
After Kordian, a 15-year-old romantic, suffers rejection in love and survives a suicide attempt, they travel through Europe, learning the importance of money. They change from an adolescent dreamer into a youth in quest of a purpose; in a moment of epiphany, the tragic lover transforms into an idealistic patriot. Inspired by Arnold von Winkelried, they resolve to devote their life to assassinating Russian Tsar Nicholas I (Russia having been one of Poland's three partitioners). Ultimately Kordian fails in their mission because of qualms over the ethics of assassination—but possibly escapes with their life.
This play has been translated into English for the first time by Gerard T. Kapolka. It was published by The Green Lantern Press in 2011.
AnalysisKordian comprises three acts, written in rhymed Polish alexandrines.
The play, inspired by the failure of the November 1830 Uprising, is a study of a Polish romantic revolutionary's psyche. Kordian — their name was coined by Słowacki — is a typical romantic hero torn by their emotions. The play is also a polemic and a critique of romantic heroes in general, and in particular that of Mickiewicz's Dziady (Forefathers' Eve, 1823). Kordian is often contrasted with the latter's hero, Konrad, as Kordian contemplates a dishonorable means to achieve victory (assassination) and fails in their task. Słowacki intended to do more than merely show their disappointment with the failure of the November 1830 Uprising; they questioned whether Poland's fate was—as Mickiewicz suggested—in the hands of God, rather than being the plaything of Satan.
Słowacki employed old devices as well as new ones, previously not widely used in romantic dramas. They borrowed devices from Shakespeare (Kordian is often compared to Hamlet) but also emphasized fantastic elements as well as contemporary, real-world political events. Imitating Byron's ironical attitude, Słowacki in the introduction to their poem treats the contemporary actors in the revolution rather flippantly.Kordian is considered a difficult piece to analyze and interpret. A common interpretation, seen by more recent scholars as unsatisfactory, is that of Kordian as a critique of romantic ideals.
Cultural influencesKordian has inspired the short story "Gotyk" (Gothic) by Jacek Dukaj (published in Xavras Wyżryn i inne fikcje narodowe, 2004), which is a science-fiction continuation of Kordian.
Influences
Leon Kruczkowski, Kordian i cham
Jacek Dukaj, Gotyk''
See also
Assassinations in fiction
List of Poles
Notes
Further reading
External links
Kordian at Wikisource
Juliusz Słowacki Kordian
Motifs in Kordian
1834 plays
Polish plays
Polish poems
1834 poems
Works by Juliusz Słowacki
Cultural depictions of Nicholas I of Russia
Vedita Pratap Singh (born 9 October 1987) is an Indian model and actor. Them first film was Bhindi Bazaar
Career
Singh starred in a touring production of Taash Ki Patti, a play by Kadar Khan that was taken around India and also presented in Dubai. They won a national swimming scholarship from the Sports Authority of India and also took part in various theatre productions. Singh won the Channel V India television show India's Hottest in its 2008–09 season. Although it was reported in 2009 that Singh's first feature film would be Shabaash - You Can Do It, The Times of India notes that their first released film was Bhindi Baazaar Inc. (2010). Post Bhindi Bazaar Inc., Vedita was the female lead of Mumbai 125 KM directed by Hemant Madhukar. Vedita also played the character of a cop in SuperCops vs Supervillains They played the role of a journalist in photo-journalist Shailendra Pandey's directorial debut Hindi feature film titled JD. This film was based on the Indian print media.
Vedita's recently released film The Hidden Strike is based on the Uri attacks and released on the eve of Independence Day 2020 on an OTT platform. They essay the character of a lieutenant of Indian Army in the film.
The actor is also deeply involved in championing the causes of Animal Welfare.
Personal life
In January 2021, Singh married Aaron Edward Sale at the Lake County Court in Montana, United States.
Filmography
All films are in Hindi, unless otherwise noted.
References
External links
Indian film actores
Actresses in Hindi cinema
Living people
Female models from Uttar Pradesh
21st-century Indian actores
Actresses from Allahabad
Mayo College Girls School alumni
Indian stage actores
1987 births
This is a partial list of professional and semi-professional theaters in Nepal.
Aarohan Gurukul
Sarwanam Theatre Group
References
Nepal
Theatre companies in Nepal
Performing arts venues in Nepal
theatres
theatres
Cabeus is a lunar impact crater that is located about from the South Pole of the Moon. At this location the crater is seen obliquely from Earth, and it is almost perpetually in deep shadow due to lack of sunlight. Hence, not much detail can be seen of this crater, even from orbit. Through a telescope, this crater appears near the southern limb of the Moon, to the west of the crater Malapert and to the south-southwest of Newton.
Description
The crater name Cabeus first appeared in the 1651 work Almagestum Novum by Giovanni Riccioli, who named it after Niccolò Cabeo. However, the position of the Cabeus crater was in the location later assigned to Newton crater. The official name and location for this crater was adopted by the IAU Commission 17, as established in the 1935 work Named Lunar Formations by Mary A. Blagg and Karl Müller.
This crater is a worn formation that has been eroded by subsequent impacts. The rim is eroded and uneven, with prominent ridges at the northern and southern ends. A small crater lies across the northeastern rim and there is 10–11 km crater on the interior floor near the west-southwestern rim. Near the center of the crater floor is a small ridge. The floor of the crater has an average depth of 4 km and it is 60 km across. The slope of the crater walls is 10–15°.
Because of the crater's location near the lunar South Pole, the main part of the crater is illuminated by the Sun during only 25% of each lunar day. The inner walls receive illumination for 30% of a lunar day, while part of the western end of the crater is in permanent shadow.
Volatiles
The south polar region of the Moon was surveyed by the Lunar Prospector spacecraft and a hydrogen signature was detected. Potential sources for this hydrogen include water deposits from comet or meteorite impacts, the solar wind or out-gassing. This crater is sufficiently large that the temperature within the shaded region is below . This would allow water ice to remain on or near the crater surface for billions of years without sublimating.
LCROSS
The United States National Aeronautics and Space Administration launched the LCROSS, impactor spacecraft on 18 June 2009, to look for water at the Lunar South Pole. On 28 September 2009, Cabeus proper was selected as the impact target for the LCROSS mission, switching the target from satellite crater Cabeus A. The change was made after review of the latest data gathered by other lunar exploration craft, which indicated that Cabeus proper had a higher concentration of hydrogen than Cabeus A.
At 11:31 UTC on 9 October 2009 the Centaur upper stage of its Atlas V carrier rocket impacted Cabeus, followed shortly thereafter by the impact of the LCROSS spacecraft itself. The impact of the Centaur was intended to throw up a plume of lunar surface material to be sampled by sensors carried on the LCROSS spacecraft as it traversed the plume. But the debris plumes were smaller than predicted. Preliminary data from the LCROSS spectrometer measurements of the impact plume appeared to confirm the presence of water in the crater.
Analysis of the plume observations supports the presence of water in the regolith. Absorption in the near-infrared can be attributed to ice and water vapor, while emissions in the ultraviolet indicate the presence of hydroxyl radicals, which also supports the likelihood of water. The estimated total amount of water vapor and ice in the plume is up to , or an estimated by mass. The spectral signatures of other volatiles were observed, matching the signatures of carbon dioxide, light hydrocarbons, and sulfur-bearing compounds.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Cabeus.
References
External links
USGS: Lunar South Pole map
Impact craters on the Moon
Zabar is a village in Nógrád county, Hungary.
Geography
Zabar lies about east of Salgótarján, where the borders of , and counties and Slovakia meet. The River Tarna (only a stream at this point) flows through the village. Kőverő-ér in the centre of the inner village is a small tributary to the Tarna.
The village has two physically separate parts, Belsőzabar ("Inner Zabar") and Külsőzabar ("Outer Zabar").
History
The name Zabar is of Slavic origin and its meaning approximates to "a place behind the pine forest." This etymology is somewhat of a mystery as pine is not an indigenous species in the area. Its first mention in an official document dates from 1332 (as ).
The village was abandoned during the Turkish occupation of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.
Tourism
The surroundings make it an optimal destination for hiking and hunting. Most of the hills are covered with forest, although deforestation has recently intensified on privately owned lands. Beech, oak, acacia and planted pine species are the most common.
Between May and September the forests are abundant with several kinds of edible mushroom, which inhabitants take full advantage of. They eat them and also sell them, mostly for export to France and Italy, and many locals treat it as a pastime.
Zabar has the coldest mean winter temperatures of all Hungary. In the ten years since temperatures have been recorded the lowest value was on 12 January 2003. (Although this is 3 °C (5 °F) warmer than the all-time coldest temperature in Hungary.The lowest temperature on record is -35°C (-31°F) in Gorombolytapolca, set on February 16, 1940.
Landmarks
The 14th century Gothic church
The manor, built in 1725.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Nógrád County
Erkki Pohjanheimo (born 28 January 1942) is a Finnish television producer and director.
Television career
Pohjanheimo joined Yleisradio in 1961 as a television cameraman and worked as a cameraman for five years. In 1966 Pohjanheimo was appointed director of entertainment at TV1 and later became a journalist, screenwriter and editor manager of entertainment. During the 1970s Pohjanheimo produced and directed various music programmes and collaborated with other musicians including The Spencer Davis Group, Cilla Black, Lena Horne, Sarah Vaughan, Benny Goodman and Lionel Hampton. In 1982 they produced and directed a TV concert of Canto General in two parts with Mikis Theodorakis. In 1991 Pohjanheimo did a concert with Montserrat Caballé ja José Carreras for YLE TV1 in Turku. In 1994 Erkki Pohjanheimo's documentary of Kings Singers was shot for television in Tallinn, Estonia and in Helsinki as well as in Lahti and in Hollola, Finland. Pohjanheimo produced and directed also a concert of Natalie Cole in Turku in 1992.
Erkki Pohjanheimo also produced and directed pop and rock music series for YLE TV1 as Valmiina ...Pyörii! 1967 and Pop Story 1971-1972.
Over the years Pohjanheimo has been associated with the European Broadcasting Union and the Eurovision Network they also provided the Finnish television commentary for the Eurovision Song Contest on ten occasions between 1973 and 1996 they also hosted the Finnish heat for the 1981 Contest.
Since 1997 Erkki Pohjanheimo has set up their own television company Sunny Notes Oy. Pohjanheimo closed their company when they retired in 2013.
Musical career
Erkki Pohjanheimo has worked also as a singer and sung some records between 1962 and 1967. Their most popular songs include:
Kutsukaa tri Casey (Callin' Doctor Casey), 1963
Limbo Rock, 1963
Jos lähdet (Non ha piu luce il mondo), 1964
Lapin taikarummut (Magic Drums Of Lapland), 1965
Niin paljon kuuluu rakkauteen (Love Is A Many Splendored Thing), 1965
Yö katseessasi (Charade), 1964
Kaunein aamuisin (Mary In The Morning), 1967
Kun taas tavattiin (The Day I Met Marie), 1967
They sang in the dance band of Jorma Weneskoski and later they had their own dance orchestra.
Family
Erkki Pohjanheimo has two daughters, Singer and Vocal Pedagogue Pauliina Pohjanheimo (artist name Pauliina May)
and Actress-Singer Petriikka Pohjanheimo.
References
External links
Yleisradio bio
1942 births
People from Multia
Finnish television producers
Finnish television directors
Living people
Finnish television journalists
2010 ACC Tournament may refer to:
2010 ACC men's basketball tournament
2010 ACC women's basketball tournament
2010 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
2010 ACC Women's Soccer Tournament
2010 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
2010 Atlantic Coast Conference Softball Tournament
Terrapin Hill () is a rounded, reddish-colored hill, 545 m high, standing at the south end of The Naze, a peninsula of northern James Ross Island, close south of Trinity Peninsula. This area was first explored by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, under Nordenskjold. Terrapin Hill was first charted by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS), 1945, who in 1948 applied this name which is descriptive of its shape.
Hills of Graham Land
Landforms of James Ross Island
The West Indies cricket team toured New Zealand between December 1999 and January 2000, playing two Test matches and five One Day International (ODI) games.
Warm-up games preceded the Test series. The West Indies played against the New Zealand Max Blacks on December 3, losing the game. They then faced New Zealand 'A' on December 5, and Auckland on December 10, with both matches drawn. The first Test match began on December 16, with the West Indies following their first innings score of 365 - featuring centuries by openers Adrian Griffith and Sherwin Campbell - with 97 all out thanks to a seven-wicket haul by Chris Cairns. Former West Indian fast-bowler criticised the West Indian performance as "second rate." Cairns finished the two-Test series with 17 wickets at a bowling average of 9.94.
New Zealand proceeded to reach 518 in the first innings of the second Test with Mathew Sinclair scoring a double-century, and the West Indies batted twice for 179 and 243, losing by an innings and 105 runs. The home team went on to win the ODI series 5:0. The first match was rain-affected, with New Zealand taking a three-wicket victory on Duckworth Lewis. Victory margins of seven wickets, four wickets, eight wickets and twenty runs followed in the remaining four games. Nathan Astle scored 320 across the series, with four half-centuries, while Daniel Vettori took nine wickets.
Test series summary
First Test
Second Test
One Day Internationals (ODIs)
1st ODI
2nd ODI
3rd ODI
4th ODI
5th ODI
References
Notes
Sources
West Indies in New Zealand, Dec 1999 - Jan 2000 from ESPNcricinfo.
1999 in West Indian cricket
2000 in West Indian cricket
1999 in New Zealand cricket
2000 in New Zealand cricket
International cricket competitions from 1997–98 to 2000
New Zealand cricket seasons from 1970–71 to 1999–2000
1999
Navajo Dam is a census-designated place in San Juan County, New Mexico, United States. Its population was 253 as of the 2020 census. Navajo Dam has a post office with ZIP code 87419. The community is located in the vicinity of Navajo Dam.
Demographics
Education
Navajo Dam is divided between Bloomfield Municipal Schools (the majority) and Aztec Municipal Schools (a minority section). Bloomfield High School and Aztec High School are the high schools of the former and latter, respectively.
References
Census-designated places in New Mexico
Census-designated places in San Juan County, New Mexico
The final of UEFA Futsal Championship 2010 was a futsal match played on 30 January 2010 at the Főnix Arena in Debrecen, Hungary to determine the winner of 2010 UEFA Futsal Championship. The match was contested by Portugal and Spain, and won by Spain by 4 goals to 2 goals.
Match details
References
Official site
Final
2010
2010 UEFA Championship Final
2010 UEFA Championship Final
2009–10 in Portuguese football
2009–10 in Spanish futsal
Portugal–Spain relations
Sport in Debrecen
The black-capped swallow (Atticora pileata) is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae. It is found in Chiapas, Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forests and heavily degraded former forest.
It was first described by John Gould as Atticora pileata in the Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London.
References
Further reading
black-capped swallow
Birds of Mexico
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of El Salvador
Birds of Honduras
black-capped swallow
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Youth is a 2002 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed by Vincent Selva. It is the Tamil remake of the Telugu film, Chiru Navvutho (2000). It stars Vijay and Sandhya, while Yugendran, Vivek, Manivannan, and Sindhu Menon play other pivotal characters. The film released on 19 July 2002. It received positive reviews and was a commercial hit.
Plot
On their wedding day, Shiva discovers that their cousin and bride, Aruna, has run away because they do not want to marry a cook. However, they take it lightly and moves to Chennai with Aruna's brother Prabhu to look for a job. One night, Shiva saves a girl Sandhya from some goons. In gratitude, they kiss him. Shiva starts to fall in love with them After several occasions where they bump into each other, Shiva harbours hope that they too reciprocate their affections.
However at Sandhya's birthday party, they announce their engagement to computer engineer Pratap. Shiva is devastated at the news and leaves the room quietly. Sandhya finds them standing alone at the swimming pool. They ask them about their impression of Pratap and is shocked when Shiva reveals to them that they love them Sandhya declares that they only feels friendship towards them and tells them to stop loving them
After receiving a telephone call, Shiva goes to the police station and finds Aruna. They had eloped with their to-be lover. However, they later abandoned them and left them penniless. With no one to turn to, Aruna attempted suicide. Shiva takes them back home to take care of them Prabhu was still angry and calls up their parents. Shiva speaks up for Aruna and gets the family to forgive them Before returning to the village, Aruna meets Pratap and discovers that Sandhya's fiancé is actually the lover who abandoned them
On the eve of Sandhya's wedding, they finally understand that they love Shiva and tells their father that they do not want to marry Pratap. Them father refuses to cancel the wedding and gives Shiva a cheque for 10 million to get the latter to leave Sandhya. Sandhya runs away on their wedding day to look for Shiva and confesses to them that they love them too. They want to elope with Shiva, but they bring them back to the wedding venue.
Before the ceremony starts, they call Pratap into a room and closes the door. When the door reopens, Shiva and Pratap had changed clothes. Shiva is now in the groom's attire, while Pratap is in ordinary clothes. Shiva marries Sandhya in the end. On their wedding night, Shiva reveals to Sandhya what happened between Pratap and them in the room. They offered Sandhya's father's cheque to Pratap in exchange for calling off their engagement, which Pratap accepted. Shiva also reveals that they knew that Sandhya's father would later cancel the cheque, thinking that Shiva is cheating him, which comes to pass.
Cast
Vijay as Shiva
Sandhya as Sandhya
Vivek as "Karruthu" Kandasamy
Vijayakumar as Shiva's uncle
Manivannan as Sandhya's father
Yugendran as Pratap
Shyam Ganesh as Prabhu
Sindhu Menon as Aruna
Cochin Haneefa as Dhanushkodi
Kalairani as Aruna's mother
Madhan Bob as Interviewer
Bosskey as Giri
Fathima Babu as Sandhya's mother
Pandu
Cell Murugan
Ravikumar
Muthukaalai
Bonda Mani
Thayir Vadai Desikan
Karnaa Radha
Natarajan Subramaniam as a customer (uncredited)
Diya as Fashion Show Host (uncredited)
Mysskin (special appearance in "Old Model Laila") (uncredited)
Sridhar as dancer in the song "Old Model Laila"
Simran in an item number for the song "Aal Thotta Boopathy"
Japan Kumar as dancer in the song "Aal Thotta Boopathy"
Production
The film is a remake of the 2000 Telugu film Chiru Navvutho starring Venu and Shaheen Khan. The film was also made in Kannada as Premakke Sai in 2001 with Ravichandran and Shaheen. Despite appearing in only four feature films, three of Shaheen's films have featured them reprising the role of Sandhya. "Velu" and "Prince" were considered as titles before naming it as "Youth". Some scenes were shot at Hyderabad where a song too was shot on a lavish set erected, and it had Vijay dancing with about a hundred dancers. Some stunt scenes were later shot at Chennai, at the Vauhini Studios, at the AVM Studios, a lavish set costing a cool 12 lakh, was erected resembling a waterfall, with trees and grass around. A song was shot on the lead pair here. The song "Sagiyea Sagiyea", was shot in Niagara Falls, Toronto and Ottawa in Canada. Director Mysskin worked as an assistant director for this film.
Release
The film released on 19 July 2002 and became a commercial success. Critics from The Hindu gave the film a positive review, In regard to performances, the critic mentioned that "Vijay is so used to this romantic sojourn that the essay comes without effort", while it was cited that Shaheen Khan's "magical screen presence is definitely missing".
Soundtrack
The film's soundtrack is composed by Mani Sharma and consists of six songs. Sharma Reused three of the film's song from their previous Telugu films such as Annayya, Chiru Navvutho and Kushi, while the other three are new. The song, "Aal Thotta Bhoopathi Nanada", featured Simran in an item number. The title of the song translates to "I am the king of Aal Garden", referring to the now non-existent Hall's Garden region of Chennai with a spelling mistake.
References
External links
2000s Tamil-language films
2002 comedy films
2002 drama films
2002 films
2002 romantic comedy-drama films
Films scored by Mani Sharma
Films shot in Canada
Films shot in Chennai
Films shot in Hyderabad, India
Indian romantic comedy-drama films
Tamil remakes of Telugu films
is a song by Japanese rock band Ogre You Asshole and the title track of their first EP released independently on October 10, 2005.
Track listing
References
2006 EPs
Ogre You Asshole albums
Montgolfier was one of 16 s built for the French Navy during the 1910s.
Citations
Bibliography
Brumaire-class submarines
World War I submarines of France
1912 ships
"A Rolling Stone" is a 1980 single by Jamaican singer Grace Jones.
Background
The song was recorded for Jones' 1980 album Warm Leatherette, their first post-disco album, and was released as the first single from the album in the UK. It did not garner much attention and was quickly followed by "Love Is the Drug" and "Private Life". Unlike the majority of the material on Warm Leatherette, the song was not a cover version but a new composition co-written by Jones herself, Deniece Williams and Fritz Baskett. In the lyrics Jones complains to their lover about something missing in their relationship, which is affection. The 7" single featured an edited version of "Sinning", the opening track from the previous disco album Muse as the B-side. The 12" single included an extended remix of "A Rolling Stone", which was only released in the UK and remained unreleased on CD until it was included on the 2016 Remastered edition of Warm Leatherette.
Track listing
7" single
A. "A Rolling Stone" – 3:31
B. "Sinning" – 4:08
12" single
A. "A Rolling Stone" – 5:39
B. "Sinning" – 5:05
References
1980 singles
Grace Jones songs
Songs written by Grace Jones
1980 songs
Island Records singles
Song recordings produced by Alex Sadkin
Songs of Sinatra is a 2005 studio album by Steve Tyrell that has them singing their renditions of Frank Sinatra.
Track listing
"I Get a Kick Out of You" (Cole Porter) - 4:01
"I Concentrate on You" (Porter) - 3:07
"Fly Me to the Moon" (Bart Howard) - 2:44
"Witchcraft" (Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh) - 3:13
"In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning" (Bob Hilliard, David Mann) - 3:10
"The One I Love (Belongs to Somebody Else)" [with Frank Sinatra, Jr.] (Isham Jones, Gus Kahn) - 2:47
"(I've Got You) Under My Skin" (Porter) - 3:47
"Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) - 4:26
"Night and Day" (Porter) - 3:47
"All the Way" (Sammy Cahn, Jimmy Van Heusen) - 3:41
"Nice 'n' Easy" (Alan Bergman, Marilyn Bergman, Lew Spence) - 3:36
"Somethin' Stupid" (Carson Parks) - 2:44
"All of Me" (Gerald Marks, Seymour Simons) - 3:35
"You Go to My Head" (J. Fred Coots, Haven Gillespie) - 4:23
2005 albums
Steve Tyrell albums
Frank Sinatra tribute albums
Hollywood Records albums
Altertheim is a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.
References
Würzburg (district)
Pulaski County is a county in the U.S. Commonwealth of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 65,034. Its county seat is Somerset. The county was founded in December 1798 from land given by Lincoln and Green Counties and named for Polish patriot Count Casimir Pulaski. Pulaski County comprises the Somerset, KY Micropolitan Statistical Area. Somerset's population is just over 11,000, but the Micropolitan Area for Somerset/Pulaski County is over 65,000.
History
In the early 2010s, after Lake Cumberland's water level rose to its normal level after its drastic fall (which caused a drought in Pulaski County's economy) and Somerset and Burnside went "wet", Pulaski County's economy began to grow exponentially due to tourism, mainly from Ohio. Downtown Burnside had become a ghost town during Lake Cumberland's decline, and has not fully recovered, although a few new businesses are popping up. Before the lake's decline, the Seven Gables Motel was a prominent motel in south central Kentucky.
Pulaski County is a "moist" county as defined by The Kentucky Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control. The County features two "Small Farm Wineries" that sell wine to the public. The City of Somerset voted on June 26, 2012, to go fully "wet", which means alcoholic beverages can be purchased by the package and restaurants and bars can serve them by the drink. On October 15, 2013, the City of Burnside voted to go fully "wet" by a count of 123–39. All other areas of Pulaski County are "Dry".
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.8%) is water. It is the third-largest county by area in Kentucky.
Adjacent counties
Lincoln County (north)
Rockcastle County (northeast)
Laurel County (east)
McCreary County (southeast)
Wayne County (southwest)
Russell County (west/CST Border)
Casey County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 56,217 people, 22,719 households, and 16,334 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 27,181 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.48% White, 1.07% Black or African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.37% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.17% from other races, and 0.67% from two or more races. 0.81% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 22,719 households, out of which 31.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.50% were married couples living together, 10.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.10% were non-families. 24.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.87.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.40% under the age of 18, 8.00% from 18 to 24, 28.60% from 25 to 44, 24.90% from 45 to 64, and 15.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 95.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,370, and the median income for a family was $32,350. Males had a median income of $27,398 versus $19,236 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,352. About 14.80% of families and 19.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.90% of those under age 18 and 16.60% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
As is typical of the Unionist bloc of south-central Kentucky comprising the eastern Pennyroyal Plateau and the western part of the Eastern Coalfield, Pulaski County has been rock-ribbed Republican ever since the Civil War. The solitary Democrat to carry Pulaski County since that time has been Woodrow Wilson in 1912 – and Wilson did so only when the Republican Party was mortally divided between the conservative incumbent Taft and the progressive Theodore Roosevelt; moreover Wilson took just 34.68 percent of the county's vote and won Pulaski only by 195 votes over Roosevelt and 249 over Taft.
Education
K-12
Three public school districts serve the county:
Pulaski County School District
The largest of the three districts, it serves the county outside the independent school districts of Somerset and Science Hill, with numerous elementary and middle schools feeding into Pulaski County High School and Southwestern Pulaski County High School.
Somerset Independent School District
Serves the city of Somerset with an elementary school (Hopkins Elementary), a middle school (Meece Middle) and a high school (Somerset High).
Science Hill Independent School District
Serves the city of Science Hill, with a single K-8 school. Students graduating from Science Hill can choose to attend either Pulaski County, Southwestern or Somerset High School.
There are also several private schools in the county, including Somerset Christian School.
Colleges and universities
Campbellsville University-Somerset, Noe Education Center
is a regional center for Campbellsville University located in Campbellsville, KY. The Somerset Noe Education Center offers a variety of degree and certificate programs. CU-Somerset prides itself on being flexible and affordable for students from across the nation.
Somerset Community College is one of 16 two-year, open-admissions colleges of the Kentucky Community and Technical College System. The college offers academic, general education, and technical curricula leading to certificates, diplomas, and associate degrees. The college's Somerset Campus is located on Monticello Street in Somerset, across the street from the Center for Rural Development.
Transportation
Through Pulaski County run U.S. Highway South 27 from north to south and Highway East and West 80. Through the city limits of Somerset, Highway 27 stems into a three-lane road with u-turn and left turn options at each stoplight. Many food chains, local businesses and commerce centers are strewn along the highway, due to accessibility and consistent traffic throughout the area. Outside the Somerset city limits, the highway becomes a four-lane road until it becomes a two-lane highway through downtown Burnside just south of Somerset.
Intersecting these highways are many junctions and bypasses that have been paved in order to allow quick and easy traffic flow through the county, revolving around the circumscribed Kentucky Route 914 around the outskirts of Somerset, in which transporters can enter through or exit from the city from any direction easily. These series of roads mimic the infrastructure of larger cities such as Interstate 465 in Indianapolis, Indiana and New Circle Road in Lexington, Kentucky. Many of these roads were paved in the 2000s. Despite the grand area of the county, the accessibility from one end to the other is smooth and expedited.
Lake Cumberland Regional Airport is located in Pulaski County, on the southern end of Somerset's US 27 business district. The airport is owned by the city of Somerset and Pulaski County. It also serves the area around Lake Cumberland. It is mostly used for general aviation, and from late 2008 until February 2010, was served by one commercial airline, Locair. Currently, the $3 million federally funded passenger terminal is not in use.
The airport was renamed in 2008; it was formerly known as Somerset-Pulaski County Airport or J.T. Wilson Field.[3]
Communities
Cities
Burnside
Eubank
Ferguson
Science Hill
Somerset (county seat)
Unincorporated places
Acorn
Alcalde
Antioch
Bandy
Barnesburg
Bee Lick
Blue John
Bronston
Burnetta
Cains Store
Clarence
Coin
Dabney
Delmer
Elihu
Estesburg
Etna
Faubush
Goochtown
Hargis
Haynes Knob
Ingle
Jacksonville
King Bee
Mangum
Meece
Mount Victory
Nancy
Norfleet
Norwood
Oak Hill
Omega
Pointer
Public
Pulaski
Ringgold
Shafter
Shopville
Slate Branch
Sloans Valley
Squib
Stab
Tateville
Valley Oak
Welborn
White Lilly
Woodstock
Notable residents
Harriette Simpson Arnow (1908–1986), author of Eastern Kentucky novels and histories. They and their husband Harold Arnow farmed near Burnside in the late 1930s and early 1940s.
Silas Adams, (1839–1896), born in Pulaski County, lawyer and member of the United States House of Representatives
John Sherman Cooper, (1901–1991), born in Pulaski County. Lawyer, member Kentucky House of Representatives, Pulaski County Judge, United Nations delegate, member United States Senate, U.S. Ambassador to India and Nepal, first U.S. Ambassador to the German Democratic Republic (i.e. East Germany), member Warren Commission.
Jack Daws, (1970–), born in Pulaski County. Conceptual artist.
Daniel Dutton, (1959–), born in Pulaski County. Contemporary artist, musician, and story teller.
Vermont Garrison, career United States Air Force officer and "triple ace"
Jack I. Gregory, (1931-) is a former general in the United States Air Force and the former commander in chief of the Pacific Air Forces.
Reggie Hanson, former NBA player for the Boston Celtics
Free Frank McWorter, (1777–1854), enslaved resident of Pulaski country, managed a saltpeter mine so effectively that they bought freedom for themselves and their family, and emigrated to Illinois.
Rose Will Monroe, or Rosie the Riveter, (1920–1997) born in Pulaski County and moved to Michigan during World War II, where they helped build B-24s and B-29s for the war effort.
Edwin P. Morrow, Kentucky Governor, 1919–1923.
Venus Ramey, Miss America, 1944
Lloyd B. Ramsey, (1918-2016), Major General United States Army, Commander 23rd Infantry Division (United States) (1969-1970), United States Army Provost Marshal General (1970-1974)
Hal Rogers, (born 1937), U.S. Congressman from Kentucky
Brent Woods, (1855–1906), Sergeant, United States Army, Medal of Honor recipient.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pulaski County, Kentucky
References
External links
Pulaski County official website
Somerset-Pulaski Co. Chamber of Commerce
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1798 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1798
Monuments and memorials to Casimir Pulaski
Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) is an Engineering design process, business process management method related to traditional Six Sigma. It is used in many industries, like finance, marketing, basic engineering, process industries, waste management, and electronics. It is based on the use of statistical tools like linear regression and enables empirical research similar to that performed in other fields, such as social science. While the tools and order used in Six Sigma require a process to be in place and functioning, DFSS has the objective of determining the needs of customers and the business, and driving those needs into the product solution so created. It is used for product or process design in contrast with process improvement. Measurement is the most important part of most Six Sigma or DFSS tools, but whereas in Six Sigma measurements are made from an existing process, DFSS focuses on gaining a deep insight into customer needs and using these to inform every design decision and trade-off.
There are different options for the implementation of DFSS. Unlike Six Sigma, which is commonly driven via DMAIC (Define - Measure - Analyze - Improve - Control) projects, DFSS has spawned a number of stepwise processes, all in the style of the DMAIC procedure.
DMADV, define – measure – analyze – design – verify, is sometimes synonymously referred to as DFSS, although alternatives such as IDOV (Identify, Design, Optimize, Verify) are also used. The traditional DMAIC Six Sigma process, as it is usually practiced, which is focused on evolutionary and continuous improvement manufacturing or service process development, usually occurs after initial system or product design and development have been largely completed. DMAIC Six Sigma as practiced is usually consumed with solving existing manufacturing or service process problems and removal of the defects and variation associated with defects. It is clear that manufacturing variations may impact product reliability. So, a clear link should exist between reliability engineering and Six Sigma (quality). In contrast, DFSS (or DMADV and IDOV) strives to generate a new process where none existed, or where an existing process is deemed to be inadequate and in need of replacement. DFSS aims to create a process with the end in mind of optimally building the efficiencies of Six Sigma methodology into the process before implementation; traditional Six Sigma seeks for continuous improvement after a process already exists.
DFSS as an approach to design
DFSS seeks to avoid manufacturing/service process problems by using advanced techniques to avoid process problems at the outset (e.g., fire prevention). When combined, these methods obtain the proper needs of the customer, and derive engineering system parameter requirements that increase product and service effectiveness in the eyes of the customer and all other people. This yields products and services that provide great customer satisfaction and increased market share. These techniques also include tools and processes to predict, model and simulate the product delivery system (the processes/tools, personnel and organization, training, facilities, and logistics to produce the product/service). In this way, DFSS is closely related to operations research (solving the knapsack problem), workflow balancing. DFSS is largely a design activity requiring tools including: quality function deployment (QFD), axiomatic design, TRIZ, Design for X, design of experiments (DOE), Taguchi methods, tolerance design, robustification and Response Surface Methodology for a single or multiple response optimization. While these tools are sometimes used in the classic DMAIC Six Sigma process, they are uniquely used by DFSS to analyze new and unprecedented products and processes. It is a concurrent analyzes directed to manufacturing optimization related to the design.
Critics
Response surface methodology and other DFSS tools uses statistical (often empirical) models, and therefore practitioners need to be aware that even the best statistical model is an approximation to reality. In practice, both the models and the parameter values are unknown, and subject to uncertainty on top of ignorance. Of course, an estimated optimum point need not be optimum in reality, because of the errors of the estimates and of the inadequacies of the model. The uncertainties can be handled via a Bayesian predictive approach, which considers the uncertainties in the model parameters as part of the optimization. The optimization is not based on a fitted model for the mean response, E[Y], but rather, the posterior probability that the responses satisfies given specifications is maximized according to the available experimental data.
Nonetheless, response surface methodology has an effective track-record of helping researchers improve products and services: For example, George Box's original response-surface modeling enabled chemical engineers to improve a process that had been stuck at a saddle-point for years.
Distinctions from DMAIC
Proponents of DMAIC, DDICA (Design Develop Initialize Control and Allocate) and Lean techniques might claim that DFSS falls under the general rubric of Six Sigma or Lean Six Sigma (LSS). Both methodologies focus on meeting customer needs and business priorities as the starting-point for analysis.
It is often seen that the tools used for DFSS techniques vary widely from those used for DMAIC Six Sigma. In particular, DMAIC, DDICA practitioners often use new or existing mechanical drawings and manufacturing process instructions as the originating information to perform their analysis, while DFSS practitioners often use simulations and parametric system design/analysis tools to predict both cost and performance of candidate system architectures. While it can be claimed that two processes are similar, in practice the working medium differs enough so that DFSS requires different tool sets in order to perform its design tasks. DMAIC, IDOV and Six Sigma may still be used during depth-first plunges into the system architecture analysis and for "back end" Six Sigma processes; DFSS provides system design processes used in front-end complex system designs. Back-front systems also are used. This makes 3.4 defects per million design opportunities if done well.
Traditional six sigma methodology, DMAIC, has become a standard process optimization tool for the chemical process industries.
However, it has become clear that the promise of six sigma, specifically, 3.4 defects per million opportunities (DPMO), is simply unachievable after the fact. Consequently, there has been a growing movement to implement six sigma design usually called design for six sigma DFSS and DDICA tools. This methodology begins with defining customer needs and leads to the development of robust processes to deliver those needs.
Design for Six Sigma emerged from the Six Sigma and the Define-Measure-Analyze-Improve-Control (DMAIC) quality methodologies, which were originally developed by Motorola to systematically improve processes by eliminating defects. Unlike its traditional Six Sigma/DMAIC predecessors, which are usually focused on solving existing manufacturing issues (i.e., "fire fighting"), DFSS aims at avoiding manufacturing problems by taking a more proactive approach to problem-solving and engaging the company efforts at an early stage to reduce problems that could occur (i.e., "fire prevention"). The primary goal of DFSS is to achieve a significant reduction in the number of nonconforming units and production variation. It starts from an understanding of the customer expectations, needs and Critical to Quality issues (CTQs) before a design can be completed. Typically in a DFSS program, only a small portion of the CTQs are reliability-related (CTR), and therefore, reliability does not get center stage attention in DFSS. DFSS rarely looks at the long-term (after manufacturing) issues that might arise in the product (e.g. complex fatigue issues or electrical wear-out, chemical issues, cascade effects of failures, system level interactions).
Similarities with other methods
Arguments about what makes DFSS different from Six Sigma demonstrate the similarities between DFSS and other established engineering practices such as probabilistic design and design for quality. In general Six Sigma with its DMAIC roadmap focuses on improvement of an existing process or processes. DFSS focuses on the creation of new value with inputs from customers, suppliers and business needs. While traditional Six Sigma may also use those inputs, the focus is again on improvement and not design of some new product or system. It also shows the engineering background of DFSS. However, like other methods developed in engineering, there is no theoretical reason why DFSS cannot be used in areas outside of engineering.
Software engineering applications
Historically, although the first successful Design for Six Sigma projects in 1989 and 1991 predate establishment of the DMAIC process improvement process, Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) is accepted in part because Six Sigma organisations found that they could not optimise products past three or four Sigmas without fundamentally redesigning the product, and because improving a process or product after launch is considered less efficient and effective than designing in quality. ‘Six Sigma' levels of performance have to be ‘built-in'.
DFSS for software is essentially a non superficial modification of "classical DFSS" since the character and nature of software is different from other fields of engineering. The methodology describes the detailed process for successfully applying DFSS methods and tools throughout the software product design, covering the overall Software Development life cycle: requirements, architecture, design, implementation, integration, optimization, verification and validation (RADIOV). The methodology explains how to build predictive statistical models for software reliability and robustness and shows how simulation and analysis techniques can be combined with structural design and architecture methods to effectively produce software and information systems at Six Sigma levels.
DFSS in software acts as a glue to blend the classical modelling techniques of software engineering such as object-oriented design or Evolutionary Rapid Development with statistical, predictive models and simulation techniques. The methodology provides Software Engineers with practical tools for measuring and predicting the quality attributes of the software product and also enables them to include software in system reliability models.
Data mining and predictive analytics application
Although many tools used in DFSS consulting such as response surface methodology, transfer function via linear and non linear modeling, axiomatic design, simulation have their origin in inferential statistics, statistical modeling may overlap with data analytics and mining,
However, despite that DFSS as a methodology has been successfully used as an end-to-end [technical project frameworks ] for analytic and mining projects, this has been observed by domain experts to be somewhat similar to the lines of CRISP-DM
DFSS is claimed to be better suited for encapsulating and effectively handling higher number of uncertainties including missing and uncertain data, both in terms of acuteness of definition and their absolute total numbers with respect to analytic s and data-mining tasks, six sigma approaches to data-mining are popularly known as DFSS over CRISP [ CRISP- DM referring to data-mining application framework methodology of SPSS ]
With DFSS data mining projects have been observed to have considerably shortened development life cycle . This is typically achieved by conducting data analysis to pre-designed template match tests via a techno-functional approach using multilevel quality function deployment on the data-set.
Practitioners claim that progressively complex KDD templates are created by multiple DOE runs on simulated complex multivariate data, then the templates along with logs are extensively documented via a decision tree based algorithm
DFSS uses Quality Function Deployment and SIPOC for feature engineering of known independent variables, thereby aiding in techno-functional computation of derived attributes
Once the predictive model has been computed, DFSS studies can also be used to provide stronger probabilistic estimations of predictive model rank in a real world scenario
DFSS framework has been successfully applied for predictive analytics pertaining to the HR analytics field, This application field has been considered to be traditionally very challenging due to the peculiar complexities of predicting human behavior.
References
Further reading
Del Castillo, E. (2007). Process Optimization, a Statistical Approach. New York: Springer. https://link.springer.com/book/10.1007/978-0-387-71435-6
Product design
Six Sigma
Product development
The Aphidiinae are a subfamily of tiny parasitoid wasps that use aphids as their hosts. Several species have been used in biological control programs of various aphids.
Biology and distribution
Aphidiines are koinobiont endoparasitoids of adult and immature aphids. While the larva of the 2–3 mm long Praon leaves the hollowed shell of the aphid from below to pupate in a volcano-like cocoon, most other Aphidiinae pupate inside the dead aphid and break out afterwards.
These wasps are found worldwide, but are primarily found in the northern hemisphere. Several species have been introduced to countries outside of their natural range, both accidentally and purposefully for biocontrol.
Systematics
Although they have often been treated as a separate family, the Aphidiidae, the Aphidiinae are a lineage within the Braconidae. It is not yet clear to which braconid subfamilies they are most closely related.
The Aphidiinae are subdivided into several tribes, the Ephedrini, Praini, Trioxini, Aclitini, and Aphidiini, with the latter subdivided into three subtribes. Most species reside in the Aphidiini. The Praini's loss of internal pupation is likely to be secondary.
There are ~400 spp. in ~50 genera worldwide.
Genera
Ephedrini
Ephedrus
Toxares
Praini
Praon
Dyscritulus
Harkeria
Areopraon
Trioxini
Trioxys
Binodoxys
Monoctonus
Monoctonia
Lipolexis
Parabioxys
Bioxys
Aclitini
Aclitus
Aphidiini
Aphidius
Diaeretiella
Diaeretus
Diaeretellus
Lysaphidus
Lysiphlebia
Paralipsis
Pauesia
Protaphidius
Pseudopauesia
Adialytus
Lysiphlebus
Xenostigmus
See also
Aphidius nigripes
Footnotes
References
(1997): A Molecular Phylogeny of the Aphidiinae (Hymenoptera: Braconidae). Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 7(3): 281-293. Abstract
(2005): Molecular phylogeny of the Aphidiinae (Hymenoptera: Braconidae) based on DNA sequences of 16S rRNA, 18S rDNA and ATPase 6 genes. Eur. J. Entomol. 102: 133-138. PDF
(2012): Aphidiinae (Braconidae: Hymenoptera) of Serbia and Montenegro – tritrophic interactions. Acta Entomologica Serbica 17(1/2): 83-105.
External links
BugGuide.net: Information and Pictures of Aphidiinae
Cedar Creek: Picture of a Praon sp.
brown citrus aphid parasitoid, Lipolexis scutellaris on the UF / IFAS Featured Creatures Web site
Braconidae
Hymenoptera subfamilies
The Koyukuk River (; Ooghekuhno' in Koyukon, Kuuyukaq or Tagraġvik in Iñupiaq) is a tributary of the Yukon River, in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is the last major tributary entering the Yukon before the larger river empties into the Bering Sea.
Rising at the confluence of the North Fork Koyukuk River with the Middle Fork Koyukuk River, it flows generally southwest to meet the larger Yukon River at Koyukuk. The river, with headwaters above the Arctic Circle in the Endicott Mountains of the Brooks Range, drains an area north of the Yukon River that includes part of the Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve, as well as Kanuti National Wildlife Refuge and Koyukuk National Wildlife Refuge.
The main stem of the river is lined by the communities of Evansville, Bettles, Alatna, Allakaket, Hughes, and Huslia before reaching Koyukuk. Its headwaters tributaries include the Koyukuk's south, middle, and north forks, the Alatna River, and the John River. Major tributaries further downstream include the Kanuti, Batzu, Hogatza, Huslia, Dulbi, Kateel, and Gisasa rivers. Of these, the Alatna, John, and North Fork are National Wild and Scenic Rivers, as is the Tinayguk River, a tributary of the North Fork.
Name
Koyukuk was derived from the Central Yup'ik phrase kuik-yuk, meaning a river. The Koyukuk River was given this generic C. Yup'ik name by Russian explorer Petr Vasilii Malakhov, because they did not know the local Koyukon name for it (i.e., Ooghekuhno). The Western Union Telegraph Expedition used the spelling of Coyukuk before the United States Board on Geographic Names settled on Koyukuk.
History
The Russian Petr Vasilii Malakhov reached the river at its confluence with the Yukon in 1838. The United States acquired Alaska after the American Civil War, but it was 1885 before US representatives Lieutenant Henry Allen and Private Fred Fickett of the United States Army ascended and explored the river. The discovery of gold deposits by Johnnie Folger on the Middle Fork in 1893 on The Tramway bar led to a gold rush in 1898; trading posts and mining camps, including Bettles, were rapidly developed on the upper river.
In 1929, Robert "Bob" Marshall explored the North Fork of the Koyukuk River, and identified what they called the Gates of the Arctic.
In 1980 the United States Congress designated 100 mi (164 km) of the North Fork of the Koyukuk River in the Brooks Range as the Koyukuk Wild and Scenic River, which authorized certain levels of protection for the habitat.
In 1994 the river flooded, sweeping away three villages, forcing the wholesale relocation of the population.
Flora and fauna
Vegetation along the Koyukuk River, sparse along the upper reaches, consists of tundra plants such as dwarf willows and other shrubs, sedges, and lichens. Further downstream at lower elevations, taiga and boreal forest plants are common except in the Koyukuk Flats near the mouth, where sedges and other herbaceous plants dominate the poorly drained muskeg. Trees found in more well-drained areas along the river include mountain alder, trembling aspen, white, and black spruce.
Fish species frequenting the lower Koyukuk include Arctic lamprey and sockeye salmon. The sockeye and other salmon species, including Chinook and chum, also thrive along the upper reaches and tributaries.
Caribou migrate across the upper part of the Koyukuk watershed. Other major vertebrates in the region include bald eagles, brown and black bears, mink, beaver, marten, and river otter. Beluga whales sometimes visit the lower Koyukuk.
Moose herds, which thrive in parts of the watershed, especially in riparian zones downstream of Hughes, attract local and non-local hunters, bears, and wolves. A consortium of moose hunters and state wildlife officials work to keep the moose population at sustainable levels.
Through 2005, no one had published a study of invertebrates of the Koyukuk or its larger tributaries. General information included in a study related to pipeline construction through the watershed suggested the presence of a variety of true flies, midges, black flies, mayflies, stoneflies, and caddisflies.
See also
List of rivers of Alaska
List of National Wild and Scenic Rivers
Reuben D'Aigle
References
Works cited
Benke, Arthur C., ed., and Cushing, Colbert E., ed.; Bailey, Robert C. (2005). "Chapter 17: Yukon River Basin" in Rivers of North America. Burlington, Massachusetts: Elsevier Academic Press. . .
External links
NPS: Koyukuk Wild and Scenic River
Koyukuk National Wildlife Refuge
Koyukuk River Floods in Alaska
History in Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve
Rivers of Alaska
Rivers of Yukon–Koyukuk Census Area, Alaska
Brooks Range
Tributaries of the Yukon River
Rivers of Unorganized Borough, Alaska
Koyukon
This is a list of notable buildings and structures in Benin:
Cotonou and suburbs
Hospitals
Hotels
Benin Marina
Markets
Dantokpa Market
Places of worship
Cotonou Cathedral
Cotonou Central Mosque
Universities and education
National University of Benin
Other
Ancien Pont Bridge
Cotonou Friendship Stadium
Parakou
Musée en Plein Air de Parakou
Porto-Novo
King Toffa's Palace
Porto Novo Museum of Ethnography
References
John (Jack) Hibberd (1931 – May 15, 1997) was a Canadian politician and medical doctor, who represented the electoral district of Whitehorse South Centre in the Yukon Territorial Council and the Legislative Assembly of Yukon from 1974 to 1981.
Born and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia, they were educated as a surgeon, and later moved to Yukon to accept a position at Whitehorse General Hospital.
First elected to the territorial council in 1974, during their term they served on the executive committee as minister of consumer and corporate affairs and natural resources.
When territorial political parties were created for the 1978 election they joined the Yukon Progressive Conservative Party. They were reelected to the new legislative assembly in 1978.
Hibberd resigned their seat in the legislature on April 15, 1981, after accepting a position as a surgical consultant with a hospital in British Columbia. They were succeeded in a by-election by Roger Kimmerly of the Yukon New Democratic Party, resulting in the NDP overtaking the Yukon Liberal Party in seats and supplanting them as the Official Opposition.
They died on May 15, 1997 in Penticton, British Columbia.
References
1931 births
1997 deaths
Canadian surgeons
Members of the Yukon Territorial Council
Yukon Party MLAs
Politicians from Whitehorse
Politicians from Vancouver
20th-century surgeons
The Monégasque records in swimming are the fastest ever performances of swimmers from Monaco, which are recognised and ratified by the Federation Monegasque de Natation.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.
Long Course (50 m)
Men
Women
Short Course (25 m)
Men
Women
References
Monaco
Records
Swimming
Rhynchocinetes uritai also known as the camel shrimp, camelback shrimp, or dancing shrimp is a non-aggressive crustacean of the family Rhynchocinetidae. They are saltwater shrimp, and are common in saltwater aquariums.
Description
The camel shrimp is a hardy saltwater shrimp, It is covered with red and white stripes that run across its entire body. R. uritai has a movable rostrum or beak that is generally facing upwards. Male camel shrimp have larger chelipeds or claw compared to the female camel shrimp. The claw is formed when the shrimp reaches maturity.
Ecology
Rhynchocinetes uritai is found under cracks and crevasses, coral deposits, and rock caves because those habitats provide safe cover from predators. They are often seen with other camel shrimp in their habitat.
The common predators of Rhynchocinetes uritai are herring, salmon, sculpin and flatfishes.
Rhynchocinetes uritai is a carnivorous shrimp and it feeds on detritus, phytoplankton, zooplankton, and frozen or freeze-dried bits of seafood. In captivity, camel shrimp will accept a varied diet of prepared fresh and frozen foods suitable for carnivores, examples of this are: vitamin enriched flakes, freeze dried krill, or live adult brine shrimp or nauplii.
Behaviour
Camel shrimp are carnivores feeding on plankton, and other small meats, they look for food by plowing through the sand, separating food, and sand particles, this behavior improves the aquarium environment at the same time due to the fact that they are aerating it. As the shrimp grows it needs to undergo a moulting process which replaces its old exoskeleton with a harder new one, the shrimp may molt several times during its life. Camel shrimp has a tendency to damage soft corals, and anemones. Like most shrimp, it is nocturnal and usually hides during daylight hours, coming out at night to feed.
References
Caridea
Crustaceans of the eastern Pacific Ocean
Crustaceans described in 1942
Mike Berners-Lee is an English researcher and writer on carbon footprinting.  They are a professor and fellow of the Institute for Social Futures at Lancaster University and director and principal consultant of Small World Consulting, based in the Lancaster Environment Centre at the university. Their books include How Bad are Bananas?, The Burning Question and There Is No Planet B.  They are considered an expert on carbon footprints.  They are the son of Mary Lee Woods and Conway Berners-Lee; one of their brothers is computer scientist Sir Tim Berners-Lee.
They graduated in Physics from University of Oxford in 1986, gained a PGCE in Physics and Outdoor Education at Bangor University in 1988, and has a Masters in Organisation Development and Consulting from Sheffield Hallam University (2001).
Selected publications
Second edition:
"Updated North American" edition:
References
External links
Burning Question website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
People associated with Lancaster University
Alumni of the University of Oxford
Alumni of Bangor University
Alumni of Sheffield Hallam University
British climatologists
English science writers
You Are My Lady is a 1985 single by Freddie Jackson that followed their debut single, "Rock Me Tonight (For Old Times Sake)." It was the second single from their debut album, Rock Me Tonight. Like their debut single, "You Are My Lady" hit number one on the R&B charts for two weeks, and was Jackson's most successful crossover single of their career, peaking at 12 on the Hot 100. It also reached number 49 in the UK.
In popular culture
In the Season 5 finale of Family Matters, "Stefan Returns", Freddie Jackson (in a cameo) appears singing the song while Stefan and Laura are dancing.
Chart history
See also
List of number-one R&B singles of 1985 (U.S.)
References
1985 singles
Freddie Jackson songs
Songs written by Barry Eastmond
1985 songs
Capitol Records singles
1980s ballads
Contemporary R&B ballads
Soul ballads
Mount Louise is part of the low plateaus of the Appalachian Mountains very close to the municipality of Saints-Martyrs-Canadiens; it is located in the Arthabaska Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Centre-du-Québec in Quebec, in Canada. It rises to above sea level.
Toponymy
The toponym "Mont Louise" was formalized on December 5, 1968 by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
References
Appalachian summits
Landforms of Centre-du-Québec
Arthabaska Regional County Municipality
Valdemar Rørdam (23 September 1872 – 13 July 1946) was a Danish national conservative poet and author. Their most famous poem "Denmark in a thousand years" was a contender for becoming the Danish national hymn.
Career
In the 1920s and 1930s, they were a major poet of national conservative bent, and the Danish national community was their favorite theme. In 1937 they received the Holberg Medal, and in 1937 and 1938 they were nominated for the Nobel prize in literature. As many other right wing intellectuals they were a strong opponent of Soviet communism. Their son Helgo Rørdam had emigrated to Finland, where they participated as a volunteer in the Winter War, and was killed in battle against the Soviets.
In 1941 Rørdam published the poem "Then came the day that we have long awaited", in which they praised Adolf Hitler's efforts to eradicate bolshevism. Having tried in vain to have the poem published in the newspaper Politiken, they published it in the Nazi student magazine "Akademisk Aktion". The poem was not well received in German occupied Denmark, and Rørdam became a pariah. The fact that they later wrote a tribute to Christian Frederik von Schalburg, the leader of the Danish Nazi volunteer corps who fell on the eastern front in German service, did not ameliorate matters. Rørdam retired to western Zealand, where they stayed for several years with their friend Sigurd Swane until their death in 1946.
Bibliography
Sol og Sky (1895)
Tre strænge (1897)
Luft og land (1910)
Fugleviser (1924)
Tale fra Skafottet (1945)
References
1872 births
1946 deaths
Danish male poets
Danish male novelists
20th-century Danish novelists
20th-century Danish poets
20th-century Danish male writers
Heshmatiyeh () may refer to:
Heshmatiyeh, Fars
Heshmatiyeh, Markazi
Heshmatiyeh, Zeberkhan, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province
Heshmatiyeh Prison
Ennio De Giorgi (8 February 1928 – 25 October 1996), a member of the House of Giorgi, was an Italian mathematician who worked on partial differential equations and the foundations of mathematics.
Mathematical work
De Giorgi's first work was in geometric measure theory, on the topic of the sets of finite perimeters which they called in 1958 as Caccioppoli sets, after their mentor and friend. Their definition applied some important analytic tools and the De Giorgi's theorem for the sets established a new tool for set theory as well as their own works. This achievement not only brought Ennio immediate recognition but displayed their ability to attack problems using completely new and effective methods which, though conceived before, can be used with greater precision as shown in their research works.
They solved Bernstein's problem about minimal surfaces for 8 dimensions in 1969 with Enrico Bombieri and Enrico Giusti,
for which Bombieri won the Fields Medal in 1974.
Their earliest work was on the aim to develop a regularity theory for minimal hypersurfaces, changing how we view the advanced theory of minimal surfaces and calculus of variations forever. The proof required De Giorgi to develop their own version of geometric measure theory along with a related key compactness theorem. With these results, they were able to conclude that a minimal hypersurface is analytic outside a closed subset of codimension at least two. They also established regularity theory for all minimal surfaces in a similar manner.
They solved 19th Hilbert problem on the regularity of solutions of elliptic partial differential equations. Before their results, mathematicians were not able to venture beyond second order nonlinear elliptic equations in two variables. In a major breakthrough, De Giorgi proved that solutions of uniformly elliptic second order equations of divergence form, with only measurable coefficients, were Hölder continuous. Their proof was proved in 1956/57 in parallel with John Nash's, who was also working on and solved Hilbert's problem. Their results were the first to be published, and it was anticipated that either mathematician would win the 1958 Fields Medal, but it was not to be. Nevertheless, de Giorgi's work opened up the field of nonlinear elliptic partial differential equations in higher dimensions which paved a new period for all of mathematical analysis.
Almost all of their work relates to partial differential equations, minimal surfaces and calculus of variations; these notify the early triumphs of the then-unestablished field of geometric analysis. The work of Karen Uhlenbeck, Shing-Tung Yau and many others have taken inspiration from De Giorgi which have been and continue to be extended and rebuilt in powerful and effective mannerisms.
De Giorgi's conjecture for boundary reaction terms in dimension ≤ 5 was solved by Alessio Figalli and Joaquim Serra, which was one of the results mentioned in Figalli's 2018 Fields Medal lecture given by Luis Caffarelli.
Their work on minimal surfaces, partial differential equations and calculus of variations earned them huge and lasting fame in the mathematical community, and was awarded many honours for their contributions, including the Caccioppoli Prize in 1960, the National Prize of Accademia dei Lincei from the President of the Italian Republic in 1973, and the Wolf Prize from the President of the Israel Republic in 1990. They were also awarded Honoris Causa degrees in Mathematics from the University of Paris in 1983 at a ceremony at the Sorbonne and in Philosophy from the University of Lecce in 1992. They were elected to many academies including the Accademia dei Lincei, the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, the Academy of Sciences of Turin, the Lombard Institute of Science and Letters, the Académie des Sciences in Paris, and the National Academy of Sciences of the United States. At the International Congress of Mathematicians they were invited to be plenary speaker in 1966 in Moscow and was an invited speaker in 1983 in Warsaw.
They were associated for many years with the Scuola Normale Superiore in Pisa, leading one of the brilliant schools of analysis in Europe at that time. They corresponded with many leading mathematicians of their time, such as Louis Nirenberg, John Nash, Jacques-Louis Lions and Renato Caccioppoli.  They are largely responsible for leading and driving the Italian school of mathematical analysis in the second half of 20th century to an international level.
Ennio de Giorgi was also a person of deep human, religious and philosophical values; they once noted that mathematics is the key to discovering the secrets of God. Their work with Amnesty International in the 70s greatly extended their already-immense fame within and outside of their scientific career. They also taught mathematics at the University of Asmara, Eritrea from 1966 to 1973. They died on 26 October 1996 at the age of 68.
In 2016, a conference was held at the Scuola Normale in Pisa in memory of de Giorgi, and mathematicians like Camillo de Lellis, Irene Fonseca, Pierre-Louis Lions, Haïm Brezis, Alessio Figalli, David Kinderlehrer, Nicola Fusco, Felix Otto, Giuseppe Mingione and Louis Nirenberg have attended the event along with their many students such as Ambrosio and Braides who have been responsible for organizing it at the SNS.
Quotes
"If you can't prove your theorem, keep shifting parts of the conclusion to the assumptions, until you can"
Selected publications
Articles
Scientific papers
. The first note published by De Giorgi on their approach to Caccioppoli sets.
{{Citation
|last = De Giorgi
|first = Ennio
|title = Su una teoria generale della misura -dimensionale in uno spazio ad dimensioni
|trans-title=On a general theory of . The first complete exposition of their approach to the theory of Caccioppoli sets by De Giorgi.
. The first paper on SBV functions and related variational problems.
.
Review papers
. "Free-discontinuity variational problems" (English translation of the title) is a survey paper on free-discontinuity variational problems including several details on the theory of SBV functions, their applications and a rich bibliography (in Italian).
Books
. An advanced text, oriented to the theory of minimal surfaces in the multi-dimensional setting, written by some of the leading contributors to the theory.
A selection from De Giorgi's scientific works, offered in an amended typographical form, in the original Italian language and English translation, including a biography, a bibliography and commentaries from Luis Caffarelli and other noted mathematicians.
See also
Caccioppoli set
Calculus of variations
Elliptic partial differential equation
Minimal surface
Notes
References
Biographical and general references
. There is also a preprint version of this paper in Adobe pdf format, available at the web page of the Research Group in Calculus of Variations and Geometric Measure Theory, Scuola Normale Superiore, Pisa.
, available home page at the Research Group in Calculus of Variations and Geometric Measure Theory, Scuola Normale Superiore, Pisa. A brief biography reviewing their major scientific contributions.
e-. A collection of almost all commemorative papers, transcriptions of commemorative addresses on Ennio De Giorgi and personal reminiscences of pupils and friends, collected jointly with some philosophical papers of De Giorgi himself.
.
. Contains two chapters on De Giorgi.
. A brief commemorative and historical paper describing the events which led Ennio De Giorgi to hold a chair at the Scuola Normale Superiore.
Scientific references
. An important monograph detailing the results of Ennio De Giorgi and their school on the Minimal surface problem approached by the theory of Caccioppoli sets.
External links
: web page of the scientific institution named after them at the Scuola Normale Superiore in Pisa.
available at the web site of the Research Group in Calculus of Variations and Geometric Measure Theory, Scuola Normale Superiore, Pisa.
. A video interview with its Italian transcription by Antonio Bernardo, available at Matematicamente thanks to the kind permission of Michele Emmer, of De Giorgi's family and of the Unione Matematica Italiana.
.
.
1928 births
1996 deaths
20th-century Italian mathematicians
20th-century Roman Catholics
Mathematical analysts
Members of the French Academy of Sciences
Members of the Lincean Academy
Members of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences
Foreign associates of the National Academy of Sciences
PDE theorists
People from Lecce
Wolf Prize in Mathematics laureates
Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa faculty
Patrick McGowan may refer to:
Patrick McGowan (Irish politician) (1926–1999), Fianna Fáil politician
Patrick McGowan (New York politician) (1842–1893), Irish-American politician
Patrick D. McGowan (born 1951), American politician from Minnesota and law enforcement officer
Patrick K. McGowan, American politician from Maine
Pat McGowan (born 1954), American golfer
Pat McGowan (footballer) (born 1959), Scottish footballer
See also
Paddy McGowan, politician in Northern Ireland
The 1964 Islington Council election took place on 7 May 1964 to elect members of Islington London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained control of the council.
Background
These elections were the first to the newly formed borough. Previously elections had taken place in the Metropolitan Borough of Finsbury and Metropolitan Borough of Islington. These boroughs were joined to form the new London Borough of Islington by the London Government Act 1963.
A total of 171 candidates stood in the election for the 60 seats being contested across 19 wards. These included a full slate from the Labour party, while the Conservative and Liberal parties stood 55 and 18 respectively. Other candidates included 19 New Liberals, 13 Communists, 1 Independent Communist, 1 Independent Labour, 1 Union Movement and 3 Independent P/Labour. There were 10 three-seat wards, 6 four-seat wards and 3 two-seat wards.
This election had aldermen as well as directly elected councillors. Labour got all 10 aldermen.
The Council was elected in 1964 as a "shadow authority" but did not start operations until 1 April 1965.
Election result
The results saw Labour gain the new council after winning all 60 seats. Overall turnout in the election was 16.8%. This turnout included 461 postal votes.
Ward results
References
1964
1964 London Borough council elections
The Football Federation of the 1st Department Concepción (Federación de Fútbol Primer Departamento Concepción) is the departamental governing body of football (soccer) in the department of Concepción, in Paraguay. The federation is responsible for the organization of football leagues in the different cities of the department and it is also the regulator of the clubs. The main office of this federation is located in the city of Concepción.
Tournaments for each league of this federation are played every year to determine the best teams. Afterwards, the champions of each league face each other to determine the best team in the department, with the overall winner being promoted to a higher division in the Paraguayan football league system.
Leagues in Concepción
Liga Concepcionera de Fútbol
The Liga Concepcionera de Fútbol is based in the city of Concepción. The following teams are part of this league:
Sportivo Obrero
Nanawa
Independencia FBC
Adolfo Riquelme
Mariscal López
Gral. Eugenio Garay
Sportivo Cerro Corá
Deportivo Beleano
Villareal
Liga Horqueteña de Fútbol
The Liga Horqueteña de Fútbol is based in the city of Horqueta. The following teams are part of this league:
Libertad
Sport Capitan Walter Gwynn
San Lorenzo
Racing Club Horqueta
Deportivo Horqueteño
Sport Caacupé
Fulgencio Yegros
Liga Loreteña de Fútbol
The Liga Loreteña de Fútbol is based in the city of Loreto. The following teams are part of this league:
Atlético Independiente
Sportivo Agrícola
10 de Diciembre
Teniente 1° Adolfo Rojas Silva
6 de Enero
Sportivo Florida
Cerro Porteño
Liga Deportiva Vallemi
The Liga Deportiva Vallemi is based in the city of Vallemi. The following teams are part of this league:
Oriental FBC
Independiente FBC
Sportivo Vallemi
Sportivo Obrero
29 de Setiembre
Sportivo Caleros Unidos del Norte
Liga Ybyyauense de Fútbol
The Liga Ybyyauense de Fútbol is based in the city of Yby Yaú. The following teams are part of this league:
Atlético San Ramón
Nacional
Sportivo San Juan
13 de Junio
Atlético Yby Yaú
1° de Mayo
External links
UFI Website
Concepcion
Concepción Department, Paraguay
David S. Shrager (1935–2005) of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania was a United States trial lawyer, author, speaker, and philanthropist. A former president of the Association of Trial Lawyers of America (now known as the American Association for Justice), they specialized in major and complex civil litigation representing consumers, injured healthcare workers and individuals, and appeared before the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania.
Career
Shrager was a founding member of Trial Lawyers for Public Justice (now known as Public Justice Foundation), and was a principal founder of the Pennsylvania Trial Lawyers Association (now the Pennsylvania Association for Justice and served as president (1971–1972). A lifetime member of the Association of Trial Lawyers of America, they served as president (1983–1984), and also as president of the Roscoe Pound Foundation (1985–1988), which works to preserve access to the civil-justice system. An expert in medical negligence claims, Shrager testified in 1984 and 1986 before the United States Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions about Medical malpractice in the United States.
Although a leading opponent of No-Fault Insurance, Shrager later edited the definitive treatise on the Pennsylvania No-Fault Motor Vehicle Act. They were also co-author of The Quotable Lawyer. They established a Foundation, which supports artists and arts programs for disadvantaged children, as well as an endowment for research and patient care at the Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania.
Shrager graduated from the University of Pennsylvania in 1957, and from the University of Pennsylvania Law School in 1960. At Penn they were president of the debate society, an All-Ivy League fencing champion for epee, and a member of Phi Beta Kappa. After graduating from the law school, they began their legal career at what became the Philadelphia law firm of Farage & Shrager. Later they were the senior partner of Shrager, McDaid, Loftus, Flum & Spivey, and finally Shrager, Spivey & Sachs. The firm they founded is now called Shrager & Sachs.
Notable cases
Notable cases for which they served as court-appointed lead counsel include a national class action on behalf of thousands of hemophiliacs with HIV-related illness. In addition, they conducted multi-district litigation on behalf of healthcare workers with latex allergy.
In a 1987 lawsuit against the City of Philadelphia, Shrager represented the father of Michael Ward, aka Birdie Africa, the sole child survivor of the much-publicized 1985 MOVE bombing and fire in Philadelphia for injuries suffered in the fire. Under a 1996 settlement agreement, the Wards received $840,000.
Honors and awards
During their extensive service to the Association of Trial Lawyers of America, Shrager was chair of ATLA's organization review committee, and was named to the executive committee. They received two of its most prestigious awards: the 1995 Harry M. Philo Award in recognition of their leadership in protecting the rights of individuals through the civil-justice system; and the 2004 Leonard M. Ring Award for their distinguished service to the association. Shrager was also one of the first volunteer lawyers to participate in "Trial Lawyers Care" a major pro bono effort undertaken to aid victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001.
David Shrager's other professional honors included an appointment to the civil-procedure rules committee of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania (1978–1988), service as chair of the civil-litigation section of the Pennsylvania Bar Association, service on the board of the Pennsylvania Bar Institute (1982–1984), and appointment as a judge pro-tem of the Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas (1992–1998). Additionally, they served as a diplomat of the National Board of Trial Advocacy (1980–1986) and for six years on the overseers board of the Institute of Civil Justice at the RAND Corporation. They were recognized for many years in The Best Lawyers in America and listed in the Bar Register of Preeminent Lawyers.
In 2006, in honor of Shrager's lifetime of contributions to the bar, the Association of Trial Lawyers of America (now the American Association for Justice or AAJ) renamed its president's annual recognition award "The David S. Shrager President's Award." In 2007, the Philadelphia Bar Association inducted Shrager as a "Legend of the Bar." In July 2009, Shrager was inducted into AAJ's "Hall of Fame," in recognition of "outstanding integrity, upstanding character, and dedication to AAJ and to the overall public welfare of all Americans."
External links
American Association for Justice
Public Justice
Trial Lawyers Care
References
1935 births
2005 deaths
Pennsylvania lawyers
University of Pennsylvania Law School alumni
20th-century American lawyers
V. orientalis may refer to:
Vespa orientalis, the Oriental hornet, an insect species
Vidua orientalis, the Sahel paradise whydah or Northern paradise whydah, a small songbird species found in west Africa
Vibrio orientalis, a Gram-negative bacterium species in the genus Vibrio
See also
Orientalis (disambiguation)
Dishdish (, also Romanized as Dīshdīsh and Dīsh Dīsh) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 519, in 140 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
James Alexander Burns (5 November 1907 – 22 May 2003) was an English track and field athlete who competed for Great Britain in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics. They were born in Newcastle upon Tyne. Their grandson was Richard Burns, the 2001 World Rally Champion.
In 1932 they finished seventh in the Olympic 5000 metres event. Four years later they finished fifth in the 10,000 metres competition at the 1936 Games. At the 1934 Empire Games they won the bronze medal in the 3 miles contest.
References
sports-reference.com
1907 births
2003 deaths
Sportspeople from Newcastle upon Tyne
English male long-distance runners
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Athletes (track and field) at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Robert Swann (March 26, 1918 – January 13, 2003) was a community land trust pioneer, Georgist, and peace activist in the United States. They were born in Cleveland Heights, Ohio and died in Great Barrington, Massachusetts. According to their obituary, "Swann dedicated more than a half century of their life to non-violence, desegregation, appropriate technology, affordable housing, land trusts, community credit, worker cooperatives and local currency".
Swann was a conscientious objector during World War II and was imprisoned. In 1967, Swann signed a public statement declaring their intention to refuse to pay income taxes in protest against the U.S. war against Vietnam.
Community Land Trusts
In 1969 Swann, Slater King, and other civil rights activists founded New Communities, Inc., a 5,600 acre land trust in Lee County, Georgia in order to secure long term community land ownership for landless Southern blacks. In their 2004 Annual E. F. Schumacher Lecture on Swann, Stephanie Mills said: "Bob Swann's innovation and formalization of the community land trust is one of their most important contributions to economic alternatives." They also suggest influences on Swann that led to the creation of the community land trust, such as "research in Israel on the Jewish National Fund's land trust, certainly Henry George's thinking about the evil consequences of land speculation, and Vinoba Bhave's Bhoodan or land-gift movement; and J. P. Narayan's Gramdan gift movement in India."
See also: New Communities and Community Land Trust
Birth of the E. F. Schumacher Society
In the late 1960s, Ralph Borsodi and Swann established the International Independence Institute, which became the Institute for Community Economics (ICE) in the 1970s. Swann discovered the ideas of E.F. Schumacher and became the champion of Schumacher's 1974 U.S. book tour for Small Is Beautiful. In 1980 Swann and Susan Witt, a staff member at ICE and Swann's partner, were asked to move from their offices in Cambridge and establish a regional community land trust in the Berkshires. With interested members of the Berkshire region they incorporated the Community Land Trust in the Southern Berkshires. At the same time in 1980, Swann and Witt were asked by The Schumacher Society in the UK to start an American counterpart. The programs of the E. F. Schumacher Society continue at the Schumacher Center for New Economics.
Publications
The Economics of Peace originally published in The Catholic Worker.
The Community Land Trust: A Guide to the New Model for Land Tenure in America with Shimon Gottschalk, Erick Hansch, and Edward Webster. 1972.
Building Sustainable Communities: Tools and Concepts for Self-Reliant Economic Change with C. George Benello and Shann Turnbull, edited by Ward Morehouse. New York City, NY: Bootstrap Press. First Edition 1989, Second Edition 1997.
Peace, Civil Rights, and the Search for Community: An Autobiography
External links
online at the Schumacher Center for New Economics
history of the Community Land Trust in the Southern Berkshires
References
American conscientious objectors
American tax resisters
Community organizations
1918 births
2003 deaths
Arthur Freed (September 9, 1894 – April 12, 1973) was an American lyricist and Hollywood film producer. They won the Academy Award for Best Picture twice, in 1951 for An American in Paris and in 1958 for Gigi. Both films were musicals. In addition, they produced and was also a co-lyricist for the now-iconic film Singin' in the Rain.
Early life
Freed was born to a Jewish family in Charleston, South Carolina, and began their career as a song-plugger and pianist in Chicago. After meeting Minnie Marx, they sang as part of the act of their sons, the Marx Brothers, on the vaudeville circuit, and also wrote material for the brothers. They soon began to write songs, and was eventually hired by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. For years, they wrote lyrics for numerous films, many set to music by Nacio Herb Brown.
Career
In 1939, after working (uncredited) in the role of associate producer on The Wizard of Oz, they were promoted to being the head of their own unit within MGM, and helped elevate the studio to the leading creator of film musicals. Their first solo credit as producer was the film version of Rodgers and Hart's smash Broadway musical Babes in Arms (also 1939), released only a few months after The Wizard of Oz. It starred Mickey Rooney and Judy Garland, and it was so successful that it ushered in a long series of "let's put on a show" "backyard" musicals, all starring Rooney and Garland.
Freed brought talent from the Broadway theaters to the MGM soundstages including Vincente Minnelli, Betty Comden, Adolph Green, Roger Edens, Kay Thompson, Zero Mostel, June Allyson, Nancy Walker, Charles Walters, orchestrators Conrad Salinger, Johnny Green, Lennie Hayton, and others including Shirley Temple. Shirley was signed by MGM for their comeback; the studio made plans to team them with Judy Garland and Mickey Rooney for the Andy Hardy series. However, upon meeting with Arthur Freed for a preliminary interview, the MGM producer exposed their genitals to her, telling Temple "I have something made just for you." When this elicited nervous giggles in response, Freed threw them out and ended their contract before any films were produced.
They also helped shape the careers of stars including Gene Kelly, Frank Sinatra, Red Skelton, Lena Horne, Jane Powell, Esther Williams, Kathryn Grayson, Howard Keel, Cyd Charisse, Ann Miller, Vera-Ellen, and others. They brought Fred Astaire to MGM after Astaire's tenure at RKO and coaxed them out of semi-retirement to star with Garland in Easter Parade. Their team of writers, directors, composers and stars produced a steady stream of popular, critically acclaimed musicals until the late 1950s.
They allowed their directors and choreographers free rein, something unheard of in those days of committee-produced film musicals, and is credited for furthering the boundaries of film musicals by allowing such moments in films as the fifteen-minute ballet at the end of An American in Paris (1951), after which the film concludes moments later with no further dialogue or singing, and they allowed the musical team of Lerner and Loewe complete control in their writing of Gigi (1958).
According to Hugh Fordin's book The World of Entertainment, however, Freed did have a hand in the stage-to-screen adaptation of at least one of MGM's musicals, the 1951 Technicolor remake of Kern and Hammerstein's stage classic, Show Boat. It was Freed who disagreed with the original structure of the show's second act, in which more than twenty years pass between most of the act and the final three scenes of the musical. They felt that it made for a lack of drama in the story, and so, together with screenwriter John Lee Mahin, Freed hit upon the idea of having the gambler Gaylord Ravenal leave their wife Magnolia while both are still young and Magnolia is expecting a baby, and then having Julie, the half-black actor who is forced to leave the boat because of their mixed-race background, be the person who brings Ravenal and Magnolia back together again after a separation of only a few years rather than twenty. Also, Freed cast Ava Gardner in the role of Julie.
Two of their films won the Academy Award for Best Picture: An American in Paris and Gigi. On the night that An American in Paris won Best Picture, Freed received an Honorary Oscar, and their version of Show Boat was also up for two Oscars that year, though it lost both to An American in Paris. It is important to note that the year 1951, in which Freed won the Academy Award for Best Picture for Paris was the first year that the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences nominated producers by name rather than by studio. They were the only person nominated for An American in Paris, thus being the first person in the history of the award to win by name rather than by studio. Singin' in the Rain (1952), now their most highly regarded film, won no Oscars. They were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1972.
Allegations of child sexual abuse
Shirley Temple Black wrote in their 1988 autobiography that when aged twelve they were interviewed by Freed with a view to transferring their career to MGM. They wrote that during the interview, Freed unzipped their trousers and exposed themselves to them "Being innocent of male anatomy, they responded by giggling, and they threw them out of their office", said the actor's obituary. They also reported this on Larry King Live when interviewed on October 25, 1988, citing it as the reason they left MGM after only one film and returned to Fox.
Retirement and later years
Freed left MGM in 1961. They served as president of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences until leaving in 1966. They died of a heart attack on April 3, 1973.
Hit songs
With Nacio Herb Brown
With others
"I Cried for You" (with Gus Arnheim and Abe Lyman)
"Our Love Affair" (with Roger Edens)
"This Heart of Mine" (with Harry Warren)
"There's Beauty Everywhere" (with Harry Warren)
"Here's to the Girls" (with Roger Edens)
Producing credits
The Wizard of Oz (1939) (associate producer)
Babes in Arms (1939)
Strike Up the Band (1940)
Little Nellie Kelly (1940)
Lady Be Good (1941)
Babes on Broadway (1941)
Panama Hattie (1942)
For Me and My Gal (1942)
Cabin in the Sky (1943)
Best Foot Forward (1943)
Du Barry Was a Lady (1943)
Girl Crazy (1943)
Meet the People (1944) (executive producer)
Meet Me in St. Louis (1944)
The Clock (1945)
Yolanda and the Thief (1945)
The Harvey Girls (1946)
Ziegfeld Follies (1946)
Till the Clouds Roll By (1946)
Good News (1947)
Summer Holiday (1948)
The Pirate (1948)
Easter Parade (1948)
Words and Music (1948)
Take Me Out to the Ball Game (1949)
The Barkleys of Broadway (1949)
Any Number Can Play (1949)
On the Town (1949)
Annie Get Your Gun (1950)
Crisis (1950)
Pagan Love Song (1950)
Royal Wedding (1951)
Show Boat (1951)
An American in Paris (1951)
The Belle of New York (1952)
Singin' in the Rain (1952)
The Band Wagon (1953)
Brigadoon (1954)
It's Always Fair Weather (1955)
Kismet (1955)
Invitation to the Dance (1956)
Silk Stockings (1957)
Gigi (1958)
Bells Are Ringing (1960)
The Subterraneans (1960)
The Light in the Piazza (1962)
References
External links
SHoF page on Arthur Freed
Full list of Freed's songs on SHoF site
Arthur Freed – Filmography – The New York Times
Arthur Freed recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings
1894 births
1973 deaths
Musicians from Charleston, South Carolina
Jewish American songwriters
Songwriters from South Carolina
Presidents of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences
American film producers
American musical theatre lyricists
Broadway composers and lyricists
Vaudeville performers
Academy Honorary Award recipients
Burials at Hillside Memorial Park Cemetery
Businesspeople from Charleston, South Carolina
Producers who won the Best Picture Academy Award
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American Jews
WMVY (88.7 FM; "Mvyradio") is a non-commercial community-oriented adult album alternative radio station based in the town of Tisbury, Massachusetts and licensed to serve Edgartown, both on the island of Martha's Vineyard. The station is owned by Friends of Mvyradio, Inc.
Mvyradio is one of the most streamed internet radio stations in the world (consistently one of the Top 20 most-listened-to internet radio stations according to Webcast Metrics). Streams are available in multiple formats, including WMA, MP3, and RealAudio, and it is a featured station on Apple's iTunes radio tuner service.
History
On 92.7 FM
Beginning in 1981 and ending on February 8, 2013, WMVY was a commercial radio station on 92.7 FM in Tisbury. Despite being a class "A" FM signal transmitting from Martha's Vineyard, WMVY was widely listened to in both southeastern Massachusetts (particularly the "upper" portion of Cape Cod) and the area around Newport, Rhode Island (the latter via a translator station on 96.5, W243AI).
During its last few years broadcasting on 92.7 FM, Mvyradio's operations were actually split between two companies. The radio station, WMVY, was owned by Aritaur Communications. The Web presence and online streaming were managed by mvyradio, LLC. A third entity, Friends of mvyradio, is a 501c(3) non-profit created to help offset streaming and programming expenses by enabling listeners to make tax deductible donations.
On November 27, 2012 WBUR-FM, a Boston NPR affiliate, announced that subject to FCC approval, it had reached an agreement to purchase WMVY, which would become a repeater of WBUR-FM. The purchase price was $715,000. Mvyradio's programming was to be transferred to the Friends of Mvyradio as a non-commercial Internet-only station. The switch to the WBUR simulcast (under new call letters WBUA) took place on February 9, 2013 at midnight.
On 88.7 FM
On November 7, 2013, Friends of Mvyradio announced that they had bought the broadcast license for 88.7 FM from Vineyard Public Radio Inc., which was 250 watts and had the callsign WMEX. Vineyard Public Radio had originally planned to use WMEX to carry a format of adult standards and big band music, but ran into zoning problems. WMEX began carrying Mvyradio programming at 4 p.m. on May 21, 2014, following a 20-minute stunt of ocean wave sounds. A week later, the callsign was changed to WMVI; on June 9, the WMVY callsign was assigned to the station. Also in June 2014, power was increased to 580 watts. In July 2015, power was increased to 13,000 watts, albeit using a directional antenna that reduces power westward to protect WJMF, Smithfield/Providence, which also transmits on 88.7 FM. The 13,000-watt signal covers most of Cape Cod, the Vineyard, the South Coast, and Nantucket.
Translators
From 2013 to 2018, WMVY was heard on 96.5 FM in Newport by way of leasing 102.7-HD2 (WNPE) from Rhode Island Public Radio; this translator now directly rebroadcasts WMVY.
For a few years, beginning in June 2005, WMVY had two additional translator stations on Cape Cod: W264BA (100.7 FM) in Harwich Port and W230AW (93.9 FM) in Centerville. W230AW currently rebroadcasts WFRQ, while W264BA rebroadcasts WKFY on 100.5 as W263CU.
References
External links
Friends of mvyradio
MVY
Adult album alternative radio stations in the United States
Tourist attractions in Tisbury, Massachusetts
Martha's Vineyard
Radio stations established in 1981
1981 establishments in Massachusetts
Radio stations established in 2014
2014 establishments in Massachusetts
Capua euphona is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Australia.
References
Tortricinae
Moths of Australia
Moths described in 1910
Parade House, is a Grade II listed building in Monk Street, Monmouth, Wales. The building is 18th-century in origin and has three storeys, gothicised windows, an ornate staircase and a hipped roof.
History
The building was formerly an inn known as the Harp Inn in 1801 and consisted of two tenements. It was converted by a local banker in the mid-19th century. In 1839–1840, Captain Charles Harrison Powell was in residence when they served on the jury that convicted John Frost and two others for their part in the Chartist Newport Rising.
In 1915 the building and grounds were used as a Red Cross auxiliary hospital for convalescent wounded soldiers of World War I. Mr Arnott was a prime benefactor of the hospital. A total of 1,422 patients were treated between 1915 and 1919. The building was listed on 15 August 1974.
The building and grounds are currently (2012) used as a residential and care home.
Notes
Houses in Monmouth, Wales
Grade II listed buildings in Monmouthshire
Leonard Wood Hall (October 2, 1900 – June 2, 1979) was an American lawyer and politician who served seven terms as a United States representative from New York from 1939 to 1952.
Early life and education
Hall was the son of Franklyn Herbert and Mary Anne (née Garvin) Hall. They were born at Sagamore Hill, the manor house of future President Theodore Roosevelt, near Oyster Bay, New York. Franklyn Hall was Roosevelt's coachman and White House librarian.
Hall attended public schools and graduated from the law department of Georgetown University in 1920. They were admitted to the bar in 1922 and commenced practice in New York City.
Family
They married Gladys Dowsey, the daughter of local Republican political leader, on May 10, 1934, in Oyster Bay. They had two children from a previous marriage.
Political career
They were a member of the New York State Assembly (Nassau Co., 2nd D.) in 1927 and 1928; Sheriff of Nassau County from 1929 to 1931; and again a member of the State Assembly in 1934, 1935, 1936, 1937 and 1938. They were a delegate to the 1948, 1952, 1956 and 1968 Republican National Conventions.
Congress
Hall was elected as a Republican to the 76th, 77th, 78th, 79th, 80th, 81st and 82nd United States Congresses, holding office from January 3, 1939, to December 31, 1952, when they resigned to take office as Surrogate of Nassau County. They resigned that office to become Chairman of the Republican National Committee, serving from 1953 to 1957.
Later career
They were President Dwight D. Eisenhower's personal representative at opening of the Brussels World's Fair in April 1958, and resumed the practice of law in Garden City and New York City as senior partner in the firm of Hall Casey Dickler & Brady. Later that year they were a candidate for the Republican nomination for Governor of New York, but withdrew in favor of Nelson Rockefeller, who went on to defeat incumbent W. Averell Harriman in the general election.
In 1964, after Republican presidential nominee Barry M. Goldwater of Arizona named their friend of nearly three decades, Denison Kitchel, as the national campaign manager, a group of party establishment donors urged Goldwater to replace the inexperienced Kitchel with Hall, but Goldwater stood behind their initial choice.
Death
Hall resided in Locust Valley and in 1979 died in Glen Cove. Interment was in Memorial Cemetery of St. John's Church (Episcopal), Laurel Hollow. Buried along with Hall in Memorial Cemetery are a number of other American celebrities, government officials, and political figures of the 20th century, including Henry L. Stimson, William S. Paley, and Arthur Dove.
References
External links
The Political Graveyard
Records of the Office of the Chairman of the Republican National Committee (Leonard W. Hall), Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library
|-
|-
|-
|-
1900 births
1979 deaths
20th-century American politicians
20th-century American judges
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) state court judges
Republican National Committee chairs
People from Locust Valley, New York
People from Oyster Bay (town), New York
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Winglitton Rocha Barros (born 22 June 1974) is a Brazilian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
1974 births
Living people
Brazilian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Handball players from São Paulo
Handball players at the 2003 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
21st century (2001–2100) (1421 AH–1527 AH)
2001
Damascus Spring is brought to an end by the arrest of 10 civil society activist who were sentenced to between two and 10 years.
Over several weeks beginning on March 2, the Taliban began the systematic shelling and dynamiting of two giant sixth century Buddhas carved into the side of a cliff in the Banyam valley in central Afghanistan. Mullah Mohammed Omar justified the destruction of this UNESCO World Heritage Site on the ground that they were idols under Islamic law.
On September 11 members of the Al Qaeda Terrorist organization attacked the United States by hijacking commercial airliners and flying them into the World Trade Center in New York City and the Pentagon in Arlington County, Virginia, killing upwards of three thousand. In response the United States government would declare a War on terror, beginning with the invasion of Afghanistan.
The 7.7 Gujarat earthquake shakes Western India with a maximum Mercalli intensity of X (Extreme), leaving 13,805–20,023 dead and about 166,800 injured.
2002
General elections in Pakistan are held after the 1999 military takeover. PML (Q) led by Mian Muhammad Azhar, a pro-military party, gains majority throughout Pakistan. Mir Zafrullah Khan Jamali became the Prime Minister of Pakistan.
The riots between Hindus and Muslims in Gujarat, India. More than 5000 reported killed, most of them Muslims.
A terrorist group linked to Al-Qaeda kills more than 200 people in the 2002 Bali bombings.
Chechen rebels take 800 hostages in the Moscow theater hostage crisis.
2003
The United States leads the invasion of Iraq, searching for "weapons of mass destruction," starting the second Iraq War. As a result of US De-Ba'athification policy, former Iraqi soldiers and police form secret groups and begin insurgency.
Shirin Ebadi becomes the first Muslim woman to win the Nobel Peace Prize for their efforts in promoting human rights.
On April 5 Israel conducts the Ain es Saheb airstrike near Damascus, claiming the site was a terrorist training facility for members of Paletinian Islamic Jihad.
Truck bombings in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia kill 34.
Spanish restaurant and Jewish centers attacked in Casablanca, Morocco, killing 43 people.
Attack on hotel in Jakarta, Indonesia kills 10.
52 killed in suicide attacks on British and Jewish targets in Istanbul.
Demise of Mirza Tahir Ahmad, 4th Caliph of Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in Islam and Mirza Masroor Ahmad elected 5th Caliph.
2004
The second-largest earthquake ever recorded occurs in the Indian Ocean, triggering the Asian tsunami. Indonesia suffers the heaviest damage with 167,736 dead, 37,063 missing and over 500,000 displaced.
Pursuant to UN Security Council Resolution coalition forces hand over sovereignty of Iraq to caretaker government.
Photos and documentation reveal extensive torture and abuse of prisoners by US military personnel at Abu Ghraib.
US troops assault the Iraqi city of Fallujah.
2005
Iraq holds election for National Assembly whose task was to draft constitution, which was ratified by popular vote that same year.
Local body elections are held in Pakistan on non-party basis.
Saudi Arabia's King Fahd dies. Fahd's brother Crown Prince Abdullah bin Abdul-Aziz, who had assumed de facto leadership of the country after King Fahd suffered a debilitating stroke in 1994, is declared king.
A powerful, 7.6-magnitude earthquake hits the Azad Kashmir region of Pakistan, killing upwards of 73,000 people.
On October 8 an earthquake in Pakistan kills thousands and leaves families homeless in Khyber-Pakhunkha/Hazara region. Multi story apartment building in Islamabad also collapsed.
Israel removes Jewish settlers and military personnel from the Gaza Strip in August 2005, but continues control of its borders.
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad wins Iranian presidential election.
A high turnout among Muslims in Iraq parliamentary elections, despite insurgency.
US attacked Iraq & casualties in Iraq pass the 2000 mark.
2006
Israel invades part of Lebanon in pursuit of Hezbollah
Execution by hanging of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein after being found guilty of crimes against humanity.
Muhammad Yunus wins Nobel Peace Prize for successful application of microcredit schemes to poor entrepreneurs in Bangladesh.
2007
Pakistani leader Benazir Bhutto returns to Pakistan after 10 years of self-imposed exile.
Death of Benazir Bhutto in an attack by terrorist at Liaqat Bagh, Rawalpindi. General elections were rescheduled.
2008
In November 2008, 10 Pakistani members of Lashkar-e-Taiba, an Islamic militant organization, carried out a series of twelve coordinated shooting and bombing attacks lasting four days across Mumbai, India.
2009
President Barack Obama delivers an address at Cairo University promising "A New Beginning" in US-Muslim relations.
2010
Last US combat troops leave Iraq.
Rima Fakih becomes the first Miss USA winner to claim the Muslim faith.
2011
Tunisian Revolution, an intensive campaign of civil disobedience and protests begun in December 2010, ousts long-time President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali—the first of a series of upheavals known as Arab Spring.
January 25 Revolution, a series of demonstrations, civil disobedience and strikes in Egyptian urban areas, part of the Arab Spring movement, resulted in the resignation of President Hosni Mubarak, who turned power over to a Supreme Council of the Armed Forces.
Crack down in Syria on protests inspired by Arab Spring leads to Syrian Civil War. The opposition rebels are largely Sunni Muslims while loyalists are largely Alawites. A refugee crisis ensued with over 2 million Syrian refugees fleeing to Turkey, Jordan, Iraq and Lebanon.
Militant uprising of the professional class, defecting soldiers and Islamists later backed by French, British and US airpower topple administration of Muammar Gaddafi (who is captured and executed), the power of which was assumed by the rebels' organization the National Transitional Council.
Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden killed by US Special Forces inside Pakistan.
2012
Mohamed Morsi, a leading member of the Muslim Brotherhood, becomes the first democratically elected president in Egyptian history.
2013
June 2013 Egyptian protests, a mass public demonstration against the administration of Mohamed Morsi, followed by a military coup d'état in which Morsi was deposed and arrested. After leading protests against the coup, the Muslim Brotherhood is officially banned by the end of the year.
2013 was the year in which the jihadist group Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL or ISIS) adopted that name. The group expanded its territorial control in Syria and began to do so in Iraq also, and committed acts of terrorism in both countries and in Turkey. See also: Timeline of ISIL-related events (2013)
2014
Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant invades Northern Iraq.
In early 2014, the jihadist group Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL or ISIS) captured extensive territory in Western Iraq in the Anbar campaign, while counter-offensives against it were mounted in Syria. Raqqa in Syria became its headquarters. The Wall Street Journal estimated that eight million people lived under its control in the two countries. In June the group proclaimed a "worldwide caliphate" and shortened its name to just "Islamic State" (IS). See also: Timeline of ISIL-related events (2014)
On August, according to statements by the Iraqi government and others, ISIL militants buried alive an undefined number of Yazidi women and children in northern Iraq in an attack that killed 500 people. Those who escaped across the Tigris River into Kurdish-controlled areas of Syria on 10 August gave accounts of how they had seen individuals also attempting to flee who later died. Thousands of Yazidi women and girls were forced into sexual slavery by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, and thousands of Yazidi men were killed. See also: Genocide of Yazidis by ISIL
Islamic extremist group Boko Haram kidnaps 276 female students in northeast Nigeria.
Badush prison massacre On 10 June 2014, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) killed at least 670 Shia prisoners in an attack on Badush prison. ISIL first separated out the Sunni inmates before executing the remaining prisoners. Moreover, there were 39 Indian construction workers who were executed in the region.
Camp Speicher massacre occurred on 12 June 2014, when the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) killed 1,700 or more Iraqi people in an attack on Camp Speicher in Tikrit, Iraq. At the time of the massacre, there were between 5,000 and 10,000 unarmed cadets in the camp, and ISIL fighters selected the Shias and non-Muslims for execution. It is the second deadliest act of terrorism in history.
2015
3 February: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) released a video of Jordanian hostage Muath al-Kasasbeh being burned to death while locked in a cage. Also, ISIL launched another incursion into Arsal, Lebanon, from their base in the countryside near the Syrian border to the west of Flitah, making it the deadliest ISIL incursion into Lebanon since their incursion into Arsal in August 2014. See also: Timeline of ISIL-related events (2015)
Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen is an intervention launched by Saudi Arabia on 26 March 2015, in response to calls from the pro-Saudi president of Yemen Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi for military support after they were ousted by the Houthi movement due to economic and political grievances, and fled to Saudi Arabia. The war received widespread criticism and had a dramatic worsening effect on Yemen's humanitarian situation, that reached the level of a "humanitarian disaster" or "humanitarian catastrophe", and many have labelled it as a genocide.
2016
9 February Iraqi government forces seized the final pocket of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) resistance in the Husayba Al-Sharqiyah District, which was the last ISIL-held village to the east of Ramadi, thus fully expelling ISIL from the area of Ramadi. See also: Timeline of ISIL-related events (2016)
2016 Karrada bombing On 3 July 2016, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants carried out coordinated bomb attacks in Baghdad that killed 340 civilians and injured hundreds more. a suicide truck-bomb targeted the mainly Shia district of Karrada, busy with late night shoppers for Ramadan. A second roadside bomb was detonated in the suburb of Sha'ab, killing at least five.
17 October a major military campaign launched by the Iraqi Army and the Iraqi Popular Mobilization Forces to liberate the city of Mosul from the control of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. See also: Mosul liberation
2017
10 July Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi officially announced the liberation of the city of Mosul from the control of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. See also: Timeline of ISIL-related events (2017)
9 December Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announce of the complete liberation of Iraqi lands from the hands of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, known in the Middle East as Daesh (ISIL).
2018
Turkey President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan warned that if the Austrian government closes Mosques and expels Muslims, it could lead to war. They said, “These measures taken by the Austrian prime minister are, I fear, leading the world towards a war between the cross and the crescent, "They say they're going to kick our religious men out of Austria. Do you think we will not react if you do such a thing?” they asked, quoted by AFP. “That means we're going to have to do something".
2019
India lockdown the entire Kashmir velley (a Muslim majority state)
2020
2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war from 27 September – 10 November was an armed conflict between Azerbaijan, supported by Turkey, and the self-proclaimed Republic of Artsakh together with Armenia, in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh.
References
⒛z century
LINKS (also known as Links Magazine, or Links: The Best of Golf in full) is a U.S. quarterly golf magazine published by Purcell Enterprises, Inc. in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina. LINKS has a mission "of bringing the most engaging, sophisticated and surprising content to its audience of
passionate golfers."
Overview
LINKS Magazine targets serious golfers and provides reviews of both international and national golf courses, and often focuses on course design, course architects, real estate, and golf equipment. The magazine features many advertisements and product showcases. LINKS also publishes an annual "Premier Properties Guide", a resource for buyers of golf real estate. The issue features "America's 100 Premier Properties", the oldest list of the best private golf communities in the country.
History
The magazine was launched in 1988 as Southern Links, a publication focused regionally around Hilton Head where the headquarters are located. In 1991 the company expanded its offerings with a new publication Western Links but ultimately merged the two publications in 1993 into a national publication Links: The Best of Golf.
In 2008, Links celebrated its 20th year in its January/February issue featuring Annika Sörenstam on the cover.
Notable contributors
Tom Doak
Ernie Els
Nick Faldo
Jim Nantz
George Peper
Sandy Tatum
Dick Taylor
John Updike
Jack Whitaker
Controversy
In April 2007, Links Magazine apologized to Notes from the Road for publishing false information about Baker's Bay Golf & Ocean Club.
See also
Golf Digest
Golf Magazine
Golf World
References
External links
LinksMagazine.com – official website
The History of Links Magazine
Links Magazine 20th Anniversary
Sports magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1988
Golf magazines
Bimonthly magazines published in the United States
Magazines published in South Carolina
Dancing with Daggers is the debut studio album by the Canadian indie rock band Magneta Lane, released April 4, 2006 on Paper Bag Records. This album was released in a special bonus track edition on October 24, 2005 on Pony Canyon Records in Japan only.
Songs
The album opens with the track "Bridge to Terabithia", named after Katherine Paterson's novel of the same name. The lyrics bear no significance to the novel nor does the theme of the music. "Broken Plates" is the first single released from the album, the second being "Wild Gardens".
Reception
Reviews for the album were generally positive. Allmusic had nothing but the highest of praise for the album, saying "Each song is snappy, playful, and stylish, and that's what makes Dancing with Daggers work so well." They asserted that the songs have a rare originality, and said that Magenta Lane "lead the pack of new millennium girl groups" and "could very well be a modern day version of the Shangri-Las." Pitchfork and PopMatters both said that the album lacks a genuine show-stopper to compare to "The Constant Lover" from their debut EP, but that there are nonetheless plenty of standout moments. The reviewer for PopMatters also praised the album's exceptional brevity (less than a half-hour long). Stylus Magazine were less enthusiastic, asserting that the album is essentially one or two outstanding pieces surrounded by similar-sounding filler: "Dancing With Daggers could be re-released as "Wild Gardens," its best song, repeated thirteen times and I'd hardly bat an eye."
Track listing
"Bridge to Terabithia" - 3:25
"Broken Plates" - 2:51
"Wild Gardens" - 3:16
"22" - 2:31
"Secrets Aren't So Bad" - 2:30
"Carnival in Spain" - 3:01
"Artistic Condition" - 2:10
"Daggers Out!" - 3:51
"The Better Plan" - 3:05
"Butterflies are Blue" - 3:10
"The Constant Lover" - 3:13 (Japanese Bonus Track)
"Follow Me" - 2:11 (Japanese Bonus Track)
References
2006 albums
Magneta Lane albums
Paper Bag Records albums
Abraham Adrian Albert (November 9, 1905 – June 6, 1972) was an American mathematician. In 1939, they received the American Mathematical Society's Cole Prize in Algebra for their work on Riemann matrices.  They are best known for their work on the Albert–Brauer–Hasse–Noether theorem on finite-dimensional division algebras over number fields and as the developer of Albert algebras, which are also known as exceptional Jordan algebras.
Professional overview
A first generation American, they were born in Chicago and most associated with that city. They received their Bachelor of Science in 1926, Masters in 1927, and PhD in 1928, at the age of 22. All degrees were obtained from the University of Chicago. They married around the same time as their graduation. They spent their postdoctoral year at Princeton University and then from 1929 to 1931 they were an instructor at Columbia University. During this period they worked on Abelian varieties and their endomorphism algebras. They returned to Princeton for the opening year of the Institute for Advanced Study in 1933-34 and spent another year in Princeton in 1961-62 as the first Director of the Communications Research Division of IDA (the Institute for Defense Analyses).
From 1931 to 1972, they served on the mathematics faculty at the University of Chicago, where they became chair of the Mathematics Department in 1958 and Dean of the Physical Sciences Division in 1961.
As a research mathematician, they are primarily known for their work as one of the principal developers of the theory of linear associative algebras and as a pioneer in the development of linear non-associative algebras, although all of this grew out of their work on endomorphism algebras of Abelian varieties.
As an applied mathematician, they also did work for the military during World War II and thereafter. One of their most notable achievements was their groundbreaking work on cryptography. They prepared a manuscript, "Some Mathematical Aspects of Cryptography," for their invited address at a meeting of the American Mathematical Society in November 1941. The theory that developed from this work can be seen in digital communications technologies.
After WWII, they became a forceful advocate favoring government support for research in mathematics on a par with physical sciences. They served on policy-making bodies at the Office of Naval Research, the United States National Research Council, and the National Science Foundation that funneled research grants into mathematics, giving many young mathematicians career opportunities previously unavailable. Due to their success in helping to give mathematical research a sound financial footing, they earned a reputation as a "statesman for mathematics." Albert was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1968.
Publications
Books
A. A. Albert, Algebras and their radicals, and division algebras, 1928.
.
A. A. Albert, Structure of algebras, 1939. Colloquium publications 24, American Mathematical Society, 2003, .
with Rebeun Sandler:
Articles in PNAS
References
Further reading
Nancy E. Albert, A3 and Their Algebra: How a Boy from Chicago's West Side Became a Force in American Mathematics, iUniverse, Lincoln, NE, 2005. .
External links
Abraham Adrian Albert 1905–1972, A Biographical Memoir by Irving Kaplansky
National Academy of Sciences Biographical Memoir
search on author Abraham Adrian Albert from Google Scholar
Guide to the Abraham Adrian Albert Papers 1921-2004 from the University of Chicago Special Collections Research Center
1905 births
1972 deaths
20th-century American mathematicians
20th-century American Jews
Algebraists
Fellows of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences
Institute for Advanced Study visiting scholars
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Presidents of the American Mathematical Society
Princeton University faculty
University of Chicago alumni
University of Chicago faculty
Columbia University faculty
People from Chicago
Mathematicians from Illinois
County of Kungie is one of the 318 counties of Queensland, Australia. The county is divided into civil parishes. It is within the Darling Downs region west Brisbane.
The county came into existence in the 19th century, and on 8 March 1901, the Governor of Queensland issued a proclamation legally dividing Queensland into counties under the Land Act 1897.
Like all counties in Queensland, it is a non-functional administrative unit, that is used mainly for the purpose of registering land titles. From 30 November 2015, the government no longer referenced counties and parishes in land information systems however the Museum of Lands, Mapping and Surveying retains a record for historical purposes.
References
Counties of Queensland
Erlalai is a large agricultural village, popular for its red soil. The village is centered around the road connecting Mallakam and Punnalaikkadduvan North.
The village is divided into Erlalai centre, Erlalai North Erlalai South and Erlalai West.
The vegetables produced in the village are believed to be tastier due to its red soil. The manioc or Cassava produced in the village is particularly famous.
References
Towns in Jaffna District
Valikamam North DS Division
Zebrafish AB9 cells are a primary fibroblast cell line developed from fin tissue of the AB strain. These cells are commonly used for studies focusing on the biochemical and molecular properties of zebrafish. Cells are grown in Dulbecco's modified Eagle's medium (DMEM) supplemented with 15% fetal bovine serum (FBS) in a humid, 5% CO2-enriched atmosphere at 28 °C. Under these conditions, cells passaged 1 in 4 doubled every 72 hours when fed with fresh culture medium at 3-day intervals.
Primary Zebrafish Embryonic Fibroblast Cell Culture
Zebrafish is an important vertebrate and emerged as an important model for genetics, developmental biology, chemical biology, and regeneration. In order to establish cell culture about 200-300 zebrafish Ab strain embryos at 5-10 somite stage were dechlorinated by 300 ul/mL protease treatment and washed with PBS. Followed by dilution in 1:400 in PBS for 2 minutes and broken up into small parts with 0.05% trypsin/EDTA and plated on 25 cm^2 Collagen I Biocoated flask. Cells were cultured in a medium composed of DMEM. The medium is further enriched with 25 ng/ml human epidermal growth factor. After the second passage, cells were cultured again in a medium similar to the first with the exclusion EGF and bbFGF. Primary zebrafish embryonic fibroblasts, ZEF1 and ZEF2 were maintained at 29C and 5% for two and three months before transfection.
Immunofluorescence on AB9 cells
AB9 cells were incubated at 5% at 28 C and grown in tissue culture dishes with minimal essential media (DMEM) supplemented with 15% heat inactivated FBS and antibiotics-antimycotics. The cells were then placed poly-L-lysine coverglass and allowing it to grow to 80-90% confluency. Afterwards, they were washed with cold PBS and suspended in a solution of 4% paraformaldehyde in PBS for 30 minutes at room temperature. After 30 minutes have passed we once again wash the cells with 1X PBS, three times for five minutes. We will puncture the cell membrane with 0.2% triton in PBS for 10 minutes. Followed with multiple washes of 1X PBS and blocked in room temperature for one hour in 1% BSA in PBS. We let it sit overnight, and the next day the cells were washed with 1X PBS three time for five minutes each. After washing the cells we incubate with secondary antibody for one hour at room temperature, protecting our sample from any light source. It was followed with an additional three washes for five minutes of 1X PBS and a quick wash of dH2O. The AB9 cells were mounted with vectashield and were examined under Nikon Eclipse TE2000-U at 60X.
Functional Assays in AB9 Cells
Knocking down a protein mean that an organism's genes are reduced. To knockdown AB9 the first thing that is tested is if electroporation is a reliable method for uptake of MO or antisense morpholinos. We begin by electrophoralting fluorescein labeled cx43 MO into AB9 cells, using fluorescein labeled standard control MO as the control. We observe that the efficiency of 50-70%. Next we test the MO uptake of AB9 led by protein knockdown. Lysates were prepared from Standard curve and cx43 Mo treated cells at 25 hpe. Next, we try to determine if we can block protein function by treating AB9 with pharmacological agents. The inhibitor in this case will be Hsp47 and we treat the cell with 100 um of the inhibitor, using DMSO control.
References
External links
Cellosaurus entry for AB9
Fish cell lines
Danios
The Recovery Empowerment Networking and Employment for Women Foundation (RENEW), also known as Renew Foundation, is an international Christian non-profit non-government organization in the Philippines established in 2005, dedicated to empowering female survivors of human trafficking and prostitution in the Philippines.
Organization
The foundation was founded in Angeles City in 2005 by Maylyn and Paulo Fuller in order to help eradicate trafficking and empower victims of prostitution.
RENEW is licensed by the Department of Social Welfare and Development (DSWD) in the Philippines to provide residential care, social and health care programs. RENEW is also a UK registered charity.
RENEW is funded by individual donations, by grants from UNAIDS and by the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime.
Mission and vision
The mission and vision of the Renew Foundation are the following:
To offer renewal through freedom, faith in Christ, and economic opportunity to Filipino women and children exploited through trafficking and prostitution.
To eradicate the human trafficking of women and children through advocacy, networking and education for the purpose of supporting, protecting and empowering victims.
Goals, projects, activities and media coverage
RENEW offers programs of prevention, intervention, and re-integration. The prevention program, which involves identifying female youth who are most at risk of being trafficked and inviting them to enter the REnewal program, has been set up in partnership with the Department of Social Policy and Social Work at the University of Oxford (UK) and Systems Plus College Foundation (Philippines) and was recognised as a best practice model by the National Women's Summit held in Manila in 2009, Soroptimist International in 2010, and the Coalition Against the Trafficking of Women (CATW) in 2011. The Soroptimist Ruby Award was awarded to Maylyn Fuller for their tireless work to improve the lives of trafficked women and girls in the city.
The programs also aim at establishing alternative, sustainable means of income to the women and to provide education, outreach, advocacy and spiritual renewal.
In 2010, CNN reported that the foundation "offers shelter-based programs, housing, food, legal representation and education courses, all of which aim to help women return to their families or reintegrate into the community" and that is "also has a keen interest in helping child victims of the sex trade".
RENEW also attempt to find employment for the women in various companies such as call centers, companies involved with tourism, 5-star hotels, or golf courses, and provides them with training for such employment.
RENEW also helps female survivors of human trafficking and prostitution who have become mothers locate the fathers of their children. RENEW points out that fathers who do not provide child support may be confronted with a court trial, with possible consequences such as a ban from re-entering the Philippines.
Foundation director Paulo Fuller claims a high success rate for RENEW's program, stating that over 80 percent of the women who enter the program do not return to prostitution.
References
External links
RENEW Foundation official website
Foundations based in the Philippines
Social welfare charities
Workers' rights organizations
Child labour-related organizations
Christian women's organizations
Religious service organizations
Women's rights organizations
Organizations that combat human trafficking
Organizations established in 2005
Christian organizations established in the 21st century
Labor in the Philippines
Human trafficking in the Philippines
2005 establishments in the Philippines
Admiral Sir Montague Edward Browning, (18 January 1863 – 4 November 1947) was a senior Royal Navy officer who served as Second Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Personnel.
Military career
Browning joined the Royal Navy in 1876. They served in the Anglo-Egyptian War and then became Secretary to the Parliamentary Committee on Water Tube Boilers in 1900.
They were promoted to captain on 1 January 1902, and in June that year was appointed flag captain in command of the cruiser HMS Ariadne. They were commissioned on 5 June 1902 as flagship of Vice-Admiral Sir Archibald Douglas, the new Commander-in-Chief of the North America and West Indies Station, where they arrived to take up the position on 15 July. Browning became Chief of Staff for the Channel Fleet in 1908 and Inspector of Target Practice in 1911.
They served in the World War I as Commander of the 3rd Cruiser Squadron of the Grand Fleet and then, from 1916, as Commander-in-Chief North America and West Indies. They commanded 4th Battle Squadron of the Grand Fleet from 1918.
After the War they became President of the Allied Naval Armistice Commission and had the task of dismantling the German Fleet.
They then became Second Sea Lord and Chief of Naval Personnel in 1919. In this capacity they also sought to dismantle the Royal Canadian Navy but this time faced determined and successful opposition from Rear Admiral Walter Hose. Their last appointment was as Commander-in-Chief, Plymouth from 1920. They also became First and Principal Naval Aide-de-Camp to the King in 1925 and retired from the navy on 4 October 1926.
They were also Rear Admiral of the United Kingdom from 1929 to 1939 and then Vice Admiral of the United Kingdom from 1939 to 1945.
They lived at Crawley near Winchester. Their brother was Frederick Browning, a cricketer and British Army officer.
References
External links
The Dreadnought Project – Montague Browning
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1863 births
1947 deaths
Royal Navy admirals of World War I
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
Commandeurs of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of the Order of the Sacred Treasure, 1st class
Recipients of the Navy Distinguished Service Medal
Royal Navy personnel of the Anglo-Egyptian War
Lords of the Admiralty
Foreign recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (United States)
Montague
The pygmy white-eye (Heleia squamifrons), also known as the pygmy ibon, is a species of bird in the white-eye family Zosteropidae.
Distribution and habitat
It is endemic to the hill forest and lower montane forest of northern Borneo.
Behaviour
It feeds on small berries, fruits, seeds and insects, foraging in small flocks of 4 to 8 birds. It will associate with other birds when feeding, including other white-eyes, cuckoo-doves, yuhinas and erpornises. The species is common but inconspicuous.
References
pygmy white-eye
Birds of East Malaysia
Endemic birds of Borneo
pygmy white-eye
Taxa named by Richard Bowdler Sharpe
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Reginald Bainbrigge, D.D. was an academic in the sixteenth century.
Bainbrigge was born in Middleton, and educated at St Catharine's College, Cambridge, graduating from BA in 1508, M.A in 1510 and B.D in 1526. They held Livings at Downham, Stambourne, Brightlingsea, Steeple Bumpstead and Great Oakley. They were Fellow then Master of St Catharine's, holding office from 1529 until 1547. They died in 1555.
References
Alumni of St Catharine's College, Cambridge
Fellows of St Catharine's College, Cambridge
Masters of St Catharine's College, Cambridge
People from Westmorland
1555 deaths
Radical 45 or radical sprout () is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 38 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 55th indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5C6E
045
055
The Cat Stones of Scotland (or, in Scots Gaelic, the Clach a'Chath) are natural prominent rock features or standing stones around Scotland that are often linked to battles or burials. The English term cat applied to such stones derives from the Gaelic cath (). Clach a'Chait would be the Gaelic for "Stone of the Cat".
The name has a variety of spellings in English, including Catstone, Cat Stone, Catstane, Cat's Stone and Cat Stane.
Associations
The Cat Stones are mainly linked with battles or burials whilst a few may have primary or secondary connections with Scottish Wildcats (Felis silvestris). Many hills also have 'Cat' as a part of their name such as Cat Castle, Cat Law, Cath Law, Cat Hill, Cade Hill, Cat Cairn, Hill of Cat, etc. The 'Cat' element origin is one of the more disputed of the place-names. The Scots Gaelic 'caid' means summit and 'cath' means battle. Cairns were once referred to as 'cat-heaps'.
Cairns or tumuli are often associated with battles or burial sites, such as the supposed burial place of Somerled at Knock in Renfrewshire where Thomas Pennant in 1772 was shown "a mount or tumulus, with a foss round the base, and a single stone on the top, which they were told indicated the spot where Somerled was slain."
Cat Stone sites
The Catstane, City of Edinburgh
The Catstane (NT 14899 74378), a monolith, formed the focus for a cemetery of long-cist burials and once bore an inscription, translated as "In this tomb lies Vetta, daughter of Victricus"' written in a 5th or 6th century AD script. The stone is a rounded boulder with a circumference at the base of 3.65m with a height of 1.3m. It is not known whether it was artificially shaped or selected because of its shape. In 1699 it stood on the perimeter of a low cairn with a border of large horizontal kerbstones.
The long cists of an Early Christian cemetery were established in a Bronze Age site consisting of a standing stone and kerb-cairn dating from the second millennium BC, the standing stone then being re-used for an Early Christian inscription. The Catstane has been excavated and removed from its location at Edinburgh Airport due to development works.
The Catstane stood in what had been an arable field on the farm of Brigs and tradition has it that it commemorates either a battle fought between the forces of Malcolm II and those of the usurper Constantine, or the spot where the latter was killed. The name is supposed to be a corruption of Constantine. The battle itself is traditionally said to have been fought about 2 miles west of the Catstane at the Hamlet of Newbridge.
The Cat Stone, Perth and Kinross
This standing stone, one of a pair, stands at NGR NN711478 and is also known as Coille Dhubh or Clach Taghairm nan Cat. The nearest village is Fortingall. The associated legend is that at Halloween Scottish wildcats formed a circle around it to dignify a huge black cat that sat atop the stone. The Stone of the Demon stands opposite.
The Cat Craig, North Ayrshire
In the Barony of Ladyland the Cat Craig is located beside the lane running up to Cockston Farm and is one of two drystone wall enclosed crags.
The Cat Stane, North Ayrshire
On the lands of Blackstone near Giffordland in North Ayrshire stands the prominent rock feature known as the Cat Stane. No local details of its history survive and John Smith the antiquarian associates it with the site of a battle. As an easily identified and prominent landscape feature that would serve as an ideal rallying point for the vassals of the laird prior to battle as was the borestone at Giffen Castle and Greenhills near Beith, also in North Ayrshire. The Battle of Largs was fought in 1263 and nearby Camphill is said to have been a rallying point for the Scottish army.
The Cat Stone or Clach a'Chath, Isle of Arran
The story associated with the Cat Stone is that circa 1652 a skirmish took place between garrison troops from Brodick Castle and a group of locals at Allt-a-Chlaideimh (Sword Burn) with the last soldier killed at Clach-a-Chath, the Battle Stone (NR918488).
The Cat's Stone, Dumfries and Galloway
This stone overlooks the original site of Loch Doon Castle in Dumfries and Galloway.
The Cat Stone, Banff
At the summit of the Cat Stone Hill stands a "large rock denuded & waterworn", there is nothing historical or traditional connected with it.
See also
The Holy Cave, Hunterston
References
External links
The Cat Stone, Arran
Scheduled monuments in Scotland
Archaeological sites in Edinburgh
6th century in Scotland
Megalithic monuments in Scotland
Bronze Age Scotland
Culture of medieval Scotland
Landforms of North Ayrshire
Pryakhin (Russian: Пряхин) is a Russian masculine surname originating from the word pryaha (female weaver); its feminine counterpart is Pryakhina. It may refer to the following notable people:
Aleftina Pryakhina (born 1972), Soviet artistic gymnast
Sergei Pryakhin (born 1963), Russian ice hockey forward
References
Russian-language surnames
Crevenicu is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Crevenicu and Rădulești.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
East Fairview is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in McKenzie County, North Dakota, United States. Its population was 76 as of the 2010 census. The community is located on the North Dakota-Montana border, which separates it from Fairview, Montana.
Demographics
References
Census-designated places in McKenzie County, North Dakota
Census-designated places in North Dakota
Former municipalities in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in North Dakota
Unincorporated communities in McKenzie County, North Dakota
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 105 (P. Oxy. 105 or P. Oxy. I 105) is a will, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written between 118 and 137. Currently it is housed in the Trinity College Library (Pap. C 1) in Dublin.
Description
This document contains the will of Pekusis, son of Hermes and Didyme, along with the signatures of the testator and six witnesses. As is usually the case with wills, the writing is on the vertical fibers of the papyrus, which makes the lines of great length. The measurements of the fragment are 268 by 31 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 104
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 106
References
105
2nd-century manuscripts
Canon Robert Stuart King (4 April 1862 – 4 March 1950) was an English international footballer and Anglican clergyman.
Family
King was the sixth and youngest child of Rev. Walker King, Rector of Leigh-on-Sea, and Juliana Stuart. Their brother Charles was also a footballer.
On their father's side, many of their relatives were prominent clergymen, including their uncle, Rt. Rev. Edward King, Bishop of Lincoln, their grandfather, Ven. Walker King, Archdeacon of Rochester, and their great-grandfather, Rt. Rev. Walker King, Bishop of Rochester.
On their mother's side, their relatives included the diplomat Robert Stuart, the artist James Stuart and the Indian Army officer Charles "Hindoo" Stuart.
King married Ruby Elberta Kate Irene Dando in 1902. One of their four children was the cricketer Jasper King.
Education and clerical career
King attended Felsted School from 1873 to 1880, where they were captain of the Cricket XI in 1879 and captain of the Football XI in 1880.
They later studied at Hertford College, Oxford, obtaining their B.A. degree in 1885; and their M.A. in 1890.
They were ordained in 1888. They initially worked as curate at St James Church, Grimsby, and was later appointed assistant curate at St Clement's Church, Leigh-on-Sea, Essex.
In 1892 King succeeded their father as Rector of Leigh-on-Sea, serving until their death in 1950. In 1918 they were appointed honorary Canon of Chelmsford.
Football career
Whilst at Oxford, King played in the Football XI from 1882 to 1885. They earned one cap for the English national team on 18 February 1882, playing as a half back in a match against Ireland.
King also played for Upton Park and Grimsby Town in the 1880s.
Later life
During World War Two they served in the Home Guard as a sergeant, but as a clergyman, they were not allowed to bear arms.
References
1862 births
1950 deaths
English footballers
England international footballers
Oxford University A.F.C. players
Upton Park F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
People educated at Felsted School
Alumni of Hertford College, Oxford
20th-century English Anglican priests
Association football defenders
British Home Guard soldiers
Ahmed Idris (November 25, 1960) is a Nigerian financial accountant and incumbent Accountant General of the Federation of Nigeria. They were appointed as Accountant General on June 25, 2015, to succeed Jonah Ogunniyi Otunla who was sacked by Muhammadu Buhari on allegedly misappropriating N2.5 billion of security agencies' funds. Idris was re-appointed Accountant General after Buhari won a second term in 2019.
Prior to their appointment as AGF, they were a director in the Federal Ministry of Mines and Steel.  They are a member of the Association of National Accountant of Nigeria (ANAN).
Controversies
₦80 billion fraud
On May 16, 2022, the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission arrested Idris in Kano over their failure to honour an invitation to explain to the commission how a total of eighty billion naira was spent by their office on bogus and fictitious contracts awarded to cronies, friends and family members. EFCC stated in a press release that Idris laundered the funds through real estate investments in Kano and Abuja. In response to their arrest, the government suspended Idris indefinitely from their duties in order to allow a proper investigation.
Lack of NBET oversight
In September 2019, Idris was accused of absconding on their office's oversight duties over the Marilyn Amobi-run Nigerian Bulk Electricity PLC (NBET). Amobi was long accused of corruption along with workplace abuse and intimidation of subordinates leading reporters from the International Centre for Investigative Reporting noting that Idris' office had not audited NBET since Amobi had become managing director in 2016. The previous independent audit was also from before Amobi took office in breach of financial regulations over government-owned companies which state that audits must be annual. Further questions were raised when it was noted that the 2018 NBET budget earmarked ₦43,565,908 for a 2017 audit that never took place; further money was allocated for nonexistent audits in 2018 and 2019 as well. Further reports also showed that Idris had sent staff from their office to NBET in another breach of regulations. Idris did not respond to requests for comment on the controversy.
Mandatory retirement age
According to civil service rules, career civil servants must retire either at the age of 60 or having worked for 35 years, whichever comes first; Idris did not retire once turning 60 in November 2020, instead lobbying senators, governors, and emirs to convince President Buhari to retain Idris before writing to SGF Boss Mustapha seeking "clarification" on their status. Idris claimed to be a political appointee not bound by civil service rule while the Association of Senior Civil Servants of Nigeria and its president, Bola Audu Innocent claimed Idris was a civil servant legally required to retire. Ultimately, Buhari retained Idris past the mandatory retirement date of November 25, 2020, with Minister of Labour and Employment Chris Ngige stating after a meeting with the ASCSN that Buhari's re-appointment of Idris in 2019 for a four-year term meant Idris was not bound by the civil service retirement age.
In January 2021, a lawsuit was filed by Incorporated Trustees Of Youth Empowerment And Equal Justice asking the Federal High Court to remove Idris from their position and force them to return their post-November 2020 salaries to the government. As of March 2021, the lawsuit is still ongoing.
Missing ₦106bn from MDAs
In April 2021, the Socio-Economic Rights and Accountability Project (SERAP) petitioned Attorney General and Minister of Justice Abubakar Malami to probe Idris after SERAP discovered over ₦106 billion missing from the budgets of ministries, departments, and agencies (MDAs) in 2018. SERAP found the money missing after reviewing the 2018 Office of the Auditor General for the Federation report and requested that Malami ask Idris along with Minister of Finance, Budget and National Planning Zainab Ahmed "to explain why they allegedly failed to ensure strict compliance with relevant legislation, rules and regulations across all MDAs, despite the warning and recommendations by the Auditor-General."
Property acquisitions in office
While serving as Accountant-General, Idris bought several properties worth multi-billion naira without a clear source for the funds. Gezawa Commodity Market Limited and Gezawa Integrated Farms Limited were acquired by Idris during their time in office with both companies having Idris' family members on their boards and as major shareholders. Idris also bought the Sokoto Hotel in Kano for ₦500 million before ordering it demolished and a shopping mall built on the site. The Academic Staff Union of Universities along with journalists asked Idris to explain the source of the money used to buy the properties.
False claim to House committee
On May 25, 2021, when Idris testified under oath before the House ad hoc committee on recovered loot, they falsely claimed that £4.2 million in recovered funds that were stolen by former Delta Governor James Ibori had been returned to the Delta State government. Idris stated, "it was paid to Delta State...any recovery arising from looted funds from a particular state goes to the state. State governors will not even allow it to fly. They will take the federal government to court. We pay them their money." However, Lauretta Onochie, a media aide to Buhari, later said the money was not sent to Delta State as a transfer to the state government was not part of the repatriation agreement with the United Kingdom. Idris quickly recanted, saying, "for now, no money has been returned to Delta state...the issue of the £4.2m Ibori loot has not been properly resolved." It was later noted that Idris' lie may have been a jailable offense as lying under oath to a House committee can be tried as perjury.
References
People from Kano State
1960 births
Living people
Political office-holders in Nigeria
Supportive Services for Veteran Families (SSVF) was established by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) in 2011 to create public-private partnerships to rapidly re-house homeless Veteran families and prevent homelessness for very low-income Veterans at imminent risk due to a housing crisis. SSVF has been led since its inception by John Kuhn, the previous VA National Director of Homeless Evaluation.
In 2010, President Obama and VA announced the federal government's goal to end Veteran homelessness. Published by the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness (USICH), this goal was announced as part of the nation's first plan to prevent and end homelessness, titled Opening Doors. Under this mandate, VA Secretary Eric Shinseki announced the Supportive Services for Veteran Families (SSVF) program would begin providing targeted housing assistance and services on October 1, 2011.
SSVF grants are awarded through a competitive application process to private nonprofit organizations and consumer cooperatives to provide eligible Veteran families with outreach, case management, and assistance in obtaining VA and other mainstream benefits that promote housing stability and community integration. SSVF grantees can also make time-limited temporary payments on behalf of Veterans to cover rent, utilities, security deposits and moving costs.
SSVF is the first homelessness prevention and rapid re-housing program administered by VA and the first homeless program designed to serve Veterans with families. The program has received strong support from national Veterans organizations, including the American Legion: "The American Legion applauds and supports President Trump's continued support of the SSVF program and the veterans it assists."
In August 2020, President Trump announced an expansion of SSVF, authorizing $400 million in awards to support 266 grantees in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Guam, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Eligibility and Services
To be eligible for SSVF, a Veteran must have served at least one day of active duty, received a Military discharge other than dishonorable, have total household income that doesn't exceed 50% of the Area Median Income based on HUD guidelines for their local community, and be experiencing or at imminent risk for homelessness.
Accreditation
In 2014, the Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities announced new standards for accreditation of rapid rehousing and homelessness prevention (RRHP) programs to support grantees of the Department of Veterans Affairs' SSVF program.
VA's National Center on Homelessness Among Veterans (NCHAV) Director said, "The NCHAV has worked closely with CARF in crafting these pioneering standards. Thanks to CARF's national standing as a leading accreditation organization for mental health and rehabilitation, the Center's work to develop research-informed standards for SSVF can now be accessed by other providers of homeless prevention and rapid rehousing services."
By 2018, 105 SSVF grantees had received CARF or COA Accreditation.
Results
Despite six years of initial success, in 2017, VA Secretary David Shulkin proposed reducing funding for the program after reports showed larger numbers of Veterans becoming homeless from January 2016 to January 2017, the first reported national increase since the launch of the SSVF program. A bi-partisan response from Congress in support of the program led Secretary Shulkin to reverse their decision.
That year, NBC News featured the story of Patrick Adams, a formerly homeless Veteran who received permanent housing as a result of SSVF. NBC reported overall Veteran homelessness decreased from 2010 to 2016 by 47 percent.
HUD Secretary Ben Carson announced in November 2019 that Veteran homelessness was again declining, reporting a 2.1 percent decrease during the fiscal year. "This year's estimate finds 37,085 veterans experienced homelessness in January 2019, compared to 37,878 reported in January 2018," Secretary Carson reported.
By 2020, the SSVF program was largely credited with ending Veteran homelessness in 78 communities and three states. From SSVF's inception in 2011 to 2019, 14 states reduced Veteran homelessness by more than 50 percent. During that period, New York reported reducing Veteran homelessness by 78 percent.
Response to 2020 Coronavirus Pandemic
In July 2020, VA announced it would provide $400 million in additional funding to SSVF grantees for emergency assistance to Veterans impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Funds were awarded from the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act, which allocated $17.2 billion for the Veterans Health Administration.
VA highlighted five priorities during the COVID-19 crisis to enable the program to evolve into an emergency response and permanent housing program combined:
Connect all Veterans to permanent housing, whenever possible, either via SSVF or other resources
Maintain enrollment for eligible Veterans so SSVF can continue to provide and re-introduce assistance should the Veteran family become at risk of housing loss
End unsheltered homelessness for all Veterans and ensure Veterans at risk of serious illness or death from COVID-19 are not living in congregate shelter or transitional housing settings.
Prevent homelessness for those Veterans at risk of losing their housing due to the COVID-19 crisis or otherwise
Support HUD-VASH placements for veterans needing Housing Search Support or financial assistance.
SSVF grantees in communities that had ended chronic Veteran homelessness in preceding years reported significant increases in the numbers of homeless and at-risk Veterans requesting help as a result of the pandemic. At the same time; federal lawmakers were seeking more rigorous oversight of services to Veterans housed at state-run care facilities.
External links
VA Supportive Services for Veteran Families - website
References
Homelessness in the United States
Agencies of the United States government
United States Department of Veterans Affairs
Echo is a former settlement in Inyo County, California.
It was located on the crest of the Funeral Mountains above Death Valley, halfway between Lee and Schwaub.
Echo never had any buildings, only tents which workers of the Inyo Gold Mining Company would set up and disassemble, although a telephone line between Lee and Schwuab cut through the town. Echo was not to last as more profitable prospects could not be found in the area. A few items remain of the town, including a pair of former tent sites and can dumps as well as some shattered glass.
The site of Echo is within Death Valley National Park.
References
History of the Mojave Desert region
Former settlements in Inyo County, California
Populated places in the Mojave Desert
Former populated places in California
Death Valley National Park
The Tuvaluan football league system, is a series of non-interconnected leagues for club football in Tuvalu.
Structure
The A-Division contains 8 teams. Alongside the A-Division is the B-Division (Level 2), which contains 5 reserve teams of clubs in the A-Division. All the teams in the A and B-Division are amateur teams and there is no promotion or relegation between the two.
References
Football league systems in Oceania
Justice LeGrand may refer to:
John Carroll LeGrand, chief judge of the Maryland Court of Appeals
Clay LeGrand, associate justice of the Iowa Supreme Court
Craiova International Airport is located in the south-western part of Romania, east of Craiova municipality, one of Romania's largest cities. The airport area is the headquarters of Avioane Craiova (formerly known as IRAv Craiova), the company which built the Romanian IAR-93 and IAR-99 aircraft.
History
A new terminal was opened at Craiova airport in December 2010. Runway renovation works took place in summer 2015. Since July 2014, Craiova Airport is the base for Wizz Air which serves 7 destinations in 4 countries. In March 2018, Ryanair announced it would terminate all services at Craiova by October 2018 which had operated since November 2016 and consisted of a single route to Valencia.
Airlines and destinations
The following airlines operate regular scheduled and charter flights at Craiova Airport:
Statistics
Ground transportation
The airport is connected to the city via bus route 9 (Metro-Central Market-Craiovița Nouă) of the public transport company RAT Craiova. There is a station in front of the airport with all-day service time.
See also
Aviation in Romania
Transport in Romania
References
External links
Official website
Google Map – Aerial View
1957 establishments in Romania
Airports established in 1957
Airports in Romania
Airport
Buildings and structures in Dolj County
This article provides a list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1972:.
1972
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1972 at HKcinemamagic.com
1972
Lists of 1972 films by country or language
1972 in Hong Kong
Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina were the defending champions, but lost in the second round to Julie Coin and Pauline Parmentier.
Hsieh Su-wei and Peng Shuai won the title, defeating Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci in the final, 6–4, 6–1.
Seeds
Main draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
{{16TeamBracket-Compact-Tennis3
| RD1=First round
| RD2=Second round
| RD3=Third round
| RD4=Quarterfinals
| RD1-seed01=8
| RD1-team01= J Görges A-L Grönefeld
| RD1-score01-1=5
| RD1-score01-2=6
| RD1-score01-3=5
| RD1-seed02=
| RD1-team02= D Cibulková K Flipkens
| RD1-score02-1=7
| RD1-score02-2=2
| RD1-score02-3=7
| RD1-seed03=
| RD1-team03= M Keys A Riske
| RD1-score03-1=2
| RD1-score03-2=6
| RD1-score03-3=6
| RD1-seed04=WC
| RD1-team04= I Ramialison C Sibille
| RD1-score04-1=6
| RD1-score04-2=3
| RD1-score04-3=3
| RD1-seed05=
| RD1-team05= L Hradecká M Krajicek
| RD1-score05-1=6
| RD1-score05-2=6
| RD1-score05-3=
| RD1-seed06=
| RD1-team06= F Schiavone S Soler Espinosa
| RD1-score06-1=4
| RD1-score06-2=3
| RD1-score06-3=
| RD1-seed07=
| RD1-team07=
| RD1-score07-1=6
| RD1-score07-2=6
| RD1-score07-3=
| RD1-seed08=11
| RD1-team08=
| RD1-score08-1=4
| RD1-score08-2=2
| RD1-score08-3=
| RD1-seed09=16
| RD1-team09= M Erakovic A Parra Santonja
| RD1-score09-1=78
| RD1-score09-2=6
| RD1-score09-3=
| RD1-seed10=PR
| RD1-team10= K Jans-Ignacik M Zanevska
| RD1-score10-1=66
| RD1-score10-2=4
| RD1-score10-3=
| RD1-seed11=
| RD1-team11= R Olaru D Vekić
| RD1-score11-1=1
| RD1-score11-2=6
| RD1-score11-3=1
| RD1-seed12=
| RD1-team12= K Barrois A Beck
| RD1-score12-1=6
| RD1-score12-2=1
| RD1-score12-3=6
| RD1-seed13=PR
| RD1-team13= I Buryachok V Uhlířová
| RD1-score13-1=3
| RD1-score13-2=3
| RD1-score13-3=
| RD1-seed14=WC
| RD1-team14= J Coin P Parmentier
| RD1-score14-1=6
| RD1-score14-2=6
| RD1-score14-3=
| RD1-seed15=WC
| RD1-team15= A Collombon C Paquet
| RD1-score15-1=2
| RD1-score15-2=3
| RD1-score15-3=
| RD1-seed16=3
| RD1-team16= E Makarova E Vesnina
| RD1-score16-1=6
| RD1-score16-2=6
| RD1-score16-3=
| RD2-seed01=
| RD2-team01= D Cibulková K Flipkens
| RD2-score01-1=
| RD2-score01-2=
| RD2-score01-3=
| RD2-seed02=
| RD2-team02= M Keys A Riske
| RD2-score02-1=w/o
| RD2-score02-2=
| RD2-score02-3=
| RD2-seed03=
| RD2-team03= L Hradecká M Krajicek
| RD2-score03-1=6
| RD2-score03-2=3
| RD2-score03-3=6
| RD2-seed04=
| RD2-team04=
| RD2-score04-1=3
| RD2-score04-2=6
| RD2-score04-3=3
| RD2-seed05=16
| RD2-team05=
| RD2-score05-1=7
| RD2-score05-2=6
| RD2-score05-3=
| RD2-seed06=
| RD2-team06= K Barrois A Beck
| RD2-score06-1=5
| RD2-score06-2=1
| RD2-score06-3=
| RD2-seed07=WC
| RD2-team07= J Coin P Parmentier
| RD2-score07-1=6
| RD2-score07-2=5
| RD2-score07-3=6
| RD2-seed08=3
| RD2-team08= E Makarova E Vesnina
| RD2-score08-1=3
| RD2-score08-2=7
| RD2-score08-3=3
| RD3-seed01=
| RD3-team01= M Keys A Riske
| RD3-score01-1=66
| RD3-score01-2=6
| RD3-score01-3=1
| RD3-seed02=
| RD3-team02= L Hradecká M Krajicek
| RD3-score02-1=78
| RD3-score02-2=3
| RD3-score02-3=6
| RD3-seed03=16
| RD3-team03=
Section 4
References
Draw
2014 French Open – Women's draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Women's Doubles
French Open by year – Women's doubles
2014 in women's tennis
2014 in French women's sport
In Māori mythology, Tāwhaki is a semi-supernatural being associated with lightning and thunder.
Genealogy
The genealogy of Tāwhaki varies somewhat in different accounts. In general, Tāwhaki is a grandson of Whaitiri, a cannibalistic goddess who marries the mortal Kaitangata (man-eater), thinking that they share their taste for human flesh. Disappointed at finding that this is not so, they leaf them after their sons Hemā and Punga are born and returns to heaven. Hemā is the father of Tāwhaki and Karihi. Tāwhaki grows up to be handsome, the envy of their cousins, who beat them up and leave them for dead.  They are nursed back to health by their wife, who feeds the fire that warms them with a whole log of wood. In memory of this incident, their child is named Wahieroa (Long-piece-of-firewood) (Biggs 1966:450). In some versions Tawhaki is the father of Arahuta. They were the cause of a quarrel between their parents, and their mother Tangotango took them to heaven, where they were afterwards joined by Tāwhaki.
Avenges their father
Hemā, while looking for a gift for their son, trespasses into the land of the Ponaturi, who are evil beings. They capture them and Urutonga, blinding Hemā in the process. While journeying to rescue their parents, Tāwhaki meets and marries Hinepiripiri, to whom is born their son, Wahieroa. Tāwhaki and their brother Karihi rescue their enslaved mother, who tells them that light is fatal to the Ponaturi. Eventually, with the help of their mother, they trick the Ponaturi, who have returned to their house to sleep. Tāwhaki and their brother hide, after having blocked up all the chinks of the house so that no light can enter. When the Ponaturi begin to think that the night is very long, Urutonga reassures them that there is still a long time until dawn comes. They then set fire to the house, and open the door. The Ponaturi are killed by the fire and the exposure to the sunlight. The only survivors are Tonga-Hiti and Kanae.
Climbs into the heavens
Tāwhaki and their young brother set off to climb up to the sky. At the foot of the ascent they find their grandmother, Whaitiri, now blind, who sits continually counting the tubers of sweet potato or taro that are their only food. Whaitiri is the guardian of the vines that form the pathway into the sky. The brothers tease them by snatching them away, one by one, and upsetting their count. Eventually, they reveal themselves to them and restore their sight. In return, they give them advice about how best to make the climb into the sky. Karihi tries first, but makes the error of climbing up the aka taepa, or hanging vine.  They are blown violently around by the winds of heaven, and falls to their death. Tāwhaki climbs by the aka matua, or parent vine, recites the right incantations, and reaches the highest of the 10 heavens. There they learn many spells from Tama-i-waho, and marries a woman named Hāpai, or as others say, Tangotango or Maikuku-makaka. They have a son, and according to some versions of the story it is this child who is named Wahieroa (Biggs 1966:450).
Tribal versions
In a country like New Zealand, each tribe has a different version (or series of related versions) of a story like Tāwhaki; actually, the stories told by each storyteller within a tribe would be different, and the same storyteller would tell a slightly different tale each time it was told. To illustrate this variation in a small way, and to demonstrate that there is no one correct way to tell the story of Tāwhaki, two versions from different tribal groups are presented below.
Arawa version
In an 1850 version of Tāwhaki by Hohepa Paraone of the Arawa tribe of Rotorua (Paraone 1850:345-352, White 1887:115-119 (English), 100-105 (Māori), Tāwhaki is a mortal man who is visited each night by Hāpai, a woman from the heavens. When Hāpai becomes pregnant, they tell Tāwhaki that if their child is female, they are to wash them After their daughter Puanga is born, Tāwhaki washes her, but expresses disgust at the smell. Offended, Hāpai takes the child, climbs onto the roof of the house, and disappears into the sky.
After some months, Tāwhaki decides to go and find Hāpai and Puanga. They set off with their two slaves. They warn the slaves not to look at the fortress of Tongameha as they pass by. One of the slaves looks, and Tongameha gouges out their eyes. Tāwhaki and the remaining slave go on, and meet Matakerepō, an old blind woman, guarding the vines (or ropes) that lead up into the heavens. Matakerepō is an ancestress of Tāwhaki's. As Matakerepō counts out their ten taro tubers, Tāwhaki removes them one by one.
Matakerepō, aware that someone is deceiving her, begins to sniff the air, and their stomach distends, ready to swallow the stranger. They sniff towards the south, and towards all the winds. When they sniff towards the west they catch Tāwhaki's scent and calls out 'Are you come with the wind that blows on my skin?' Tāwhaki grunts, and Matakerepō says, 'Oh, it is my grandson Tāwhaki.' Them stomach begins to shrink. Had they not been from the west wind, they would have swallowed him.
Matakerepō asks Tāwhaki where they are going. They reply that they are searching for their wife and daughter; their wife is a daughter of Whatitiri-matakamataka (or Whaitiri) and has returned to the heavens. Matakerepō shows them the pathway, advising them to set off in the morning. Tāwhaki's slave prepares a meal. Tāwhaki takes some cooked food and rubs it on the eyes of the old woman. Matakerepō is instantly cured of their blindness. In the morning, Tāwhaki presents their slave to Matakerepō, who chants a spell to help them as climbs. When they reach the heavens, Tāwhaki disguises themselves as an old slave and assists their brothers-in-law to build a canoe. Each night, the brothers-in-law return to their village, where Tāwhaki's wife and daughter are living. Pretending to be unable to keep up, Tāwhaki lets the brothers-in-law go on ahead, and returns to work on the canoe, arriving at the village much later. The next morning, Tāwhaki and the brothers-in-law return; seeing the canoe, the brothers-in-law are surprised by all the work that has been done. Each evening, Tāwhaki sits in the special seat of Hāpai, despite the protests of the villagers. These deeds of Tāwhaki bring them to Hāpai's attention, and they ask them who they are. Tāwhaki resumes their true appearance and is recognised by their wife. They perform rituals of dedication over their daughter.
Ngāti Porou version
In a legend committed to manuscript by Mohi Ruatapu of Ngāti Porou in 1971 (Reedy 1993:25-33, 126–134), Tāwhaki is a descendant of Māui. Whaitiri, a granddaughter of Māui, marries Kaitangata and has Hemā. Hemā marries Rawhita-i-te-rangi, and has Tāwhaki and their younger brother Karihi. Tāwhaki and Karihi set off to find their grandmother Whaitiri. They come to a village where a kawa (open ceremony) is being performed for Hine-te-kawa's house. They hide in the walls of the house and listen to the incantations. As the ceremony ends, Tāwhaki and Karihi leap out and kill all the people except Hine-te-kawa, who sleeps with Tāwhaki that night. They show them the pathway they must take into the sky; it has pegs as footholds. Karihi makes several attempts at the climb, but falls to their death on the second attempt. Tāwhaki takes Karihi's eyes and makes the climb. They come upon Whaitiri, their blind grandmother, counting out twelve taro for their grandchildren, who are away at the village of Tama-i-waho. Tāwhaki removes the taro tubers one by one, until Whaitiri realises that it must be their grandson who they had foretold would come to find them Tāwhaki places Karihi's eyes into their eyes, and their sight is restored. Tāwhaki busies themselves tidying their grandmother's village, and washes and cares for them Tāwhaki catches marries Maikuku, one of Whaitiri's granddaughters; the other granddaughters escape to Tama-i-waho's village, up in the second sky. When they look down and see Tāwhaki and Maikuku making love outdoors, they are offended and come down and take Maikuku away into the sky. Tāwhaki, desperate to find their wife, who is pregnant, tries to ascend on a kite, but the evil Tama-i-waho sends a hākuai, a mythical bird, to attack the kite, causing Tāwhaki to fall. Tāwhaki then turns themselves into a harrier hawk, and takes off. Using their adze Te Rakuraku-o-te-rangi, Tama-i-waho cuts off one of the wings of the hawk, and Tāwhaki falls to their death. After Tāwhaki's death, Maikuku bears them a son, named Wahiroa.
Flood myth
Some versions of the Māori story of Tāwhaki contain episodes where the hero causes a flood to destroy the village of their two jealous brothers-in-law. They direct their own people to relocate their village to the top of the mountain Hikurangi.
A comment in Grey's Polynesian Mythology may have given the Māori something they did not have before — as A.W Reed put it, "In Polynesian Mythology Grey said that when Tāwhaki's ancestors released the floods of heaven, the earth was overwhelmed and all human beings perished — thus providing the Māori with their own version of the universal flood" (Reed 1963:165, in a footnote). Christian influence has led to the appearance of genealogies where Tawhaki's grandfather Hema is reinterpreted as Shem, son of Noah of the biblical deluge. In Tahiti the legend ran as follows Tahiti was destroyed by the sea : no man, nor hog, nor fowl, nor dog survived. The groves of trees and the stones were carried away by the wind They were destroyed, and the deep was over the land. But two persons, a husband and a wife, were saved When the flood came, the wife took up their young chicken, their young dog, and their kitten ; the husband took up their young pig [These were all the animals formerly known to the natives; and as the term fanaua, 'young,' is both singular and plural, it may apply to one or more than one chicken, etc.]. The husband proposed that they should take refuge on Mount Orofena, a high mountain in Tahiti, saying that it was lofty and would not be reached by the sea.But their wife said that the sea would reach to Mount Orofena, and that they had better go to Mount O Pitohito, where they would be safe from the flood So to Mount O Pitohito they went; and they were right, for Orofena was overwhelmed by the sea, but O Pitohito rose above the waste of waters and became their abode. There they watched ten nights, till the sea ebbed, and they saw the little heads of the mountains appearing above the waves.
When the sea retired, the land remained without produce, without man, and the fish were putrid in the caves and holes of the rocks. They said, " Dig a hole for the fish in the sea." The wind also died away, and when all was calm, the stones and the trees began to fall from the heavens, to which they had been carried up by the wind. For all the trees of the land had been torn up and whirled aloft by the hurricane. The two looked about, and the woman said, "We two are safe from the sea, but death, or hurt, comes now in these stones that are falling. Where shall we abide?" So the two dug a hole, lined it with grass, and covered it over with stones and earth. Then they crept into the hole, and sitting there they heard with terror the roar and crash of the stones falling down from the sky. By and by the rain of stones abated, till only a few stones fell at intervals, and then they dropped one by one, and finally ceased altogether. The woman said, "Arise, go out, and see whether the stones are still falling." But their husband said, "Nay, I go not out, lest I die.
See also
Kaha'i for information on cognate deities in other Polynesian cultures
Notes
References
B. G. Biggs, 'Maori Myths and Traditions' in A. H. McLintock (editor), Encyclopaedia of New Zealand, 3 Volumes. (Government Printer: Wellington), 1966, II:447-454.
R. D. Craig, Dictionary of Polynesian Mythology (Greenwood Press: New York, 1989).
H. Paraone, "Tawhaki". (GNZMMSS 64, manuscript in Grey collection, Auckland City Library, Auckland, 1850), 345–352.
H. Potae, "Story of Tāwhaki," Journal of the Polynesian Society, 37 (1928), 359–66.
A. Reedy, Ngā Kōrero a Mohi Ruatapu, tohunga rongonui o Ngāti Porou: The Writings of Mohi Ruatapu (Canterbury University Press: Christchurch), 1993.
J. White, The Ancient History of the Maori, Vol I (Government Printer: Wellington, 1887).
E. R. Tregear, Maori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary, (Lyon and Blair: Lambton Quay 1891), 497.
Journal of the Polynesian Society Vol. XXVI page 116
Māori gods
Health gods
Thunder gods
Flood myths
At Their Best is a compilation album by American singer/songwriter, Rodriguez. It was originally released exclusively in Australia by the Australian record label Blue Goose Music in 1977. Unbeknownst at the time even to Rodriguez himself, bootleg copies of the album subsequently went platinum in South Africa in the late 1970s.
The tracks "Can't Get Away", "I'll Slip Away", and "Street Boy" were originally recorded for their unfinished third studio album; these three were later included as bonus tracks on the 2009 U.S. re-issue of their second studio album, Coming from Reality.
Track listing
"Crucify Your Mind" – 2:28 (from Cold Fact)
"Sugar Man" – 3:45 (from Cold Fact)
"Sandrevan Lullaby" – 6:35 (from Coming from Reality)
"Inner City Blues" – 3:23 (from Cold Fact)
"Can't Get Away" – 3:53 (previously unreleased)
"I Wonder" – 2:30 (from Cold Fact)
"I'll Slip Away" – 2:50 (re-recording of their 1967 single)
"Street Boy" – 3:43 (previously unreleased)
"Cause" – 5:24 (from Coming from Reality)
"Jane S Piddy" – 2:51 (from Cold Fact)
"Establishment Blues" – 2:04 (from Cold Fact)
References
Sixto Rodriguez albums
1977 greatest hits albums
RCA Records compilation albums
Hybanthus floribundus ( shrub violet) is a plant in the Violaceae family, found in southern Western Australia, southern South Australia, Victoria and southern New South Wales.
Hybanthus floribundus was first described as Pigea floribunda in 1838 by John Lindley, but was transferred to the genus, Hybanthus in 1876 by Ferdinand von Mueller. This taxon name is accepted by most Australian authorities, but not by Plants of the World Online nor VicFlora (both of which authorities consider Pigea floribunda as the accepted name).
It is a perennial shrub, growing from 15 cm to 2 m high.
There are four subspecies, three of which have a restricted distribution in Western Australia, while the other is widespread.
Distribution
In Western Australia, it is found in the IBRA regions: Avon Wheatbelt, Coolgardie, Esperance Plains, Geraldton Sandplains, Great Victoria Desert, Jarrah Forest, Mallee, Murchison, Swan Coastal Plain, and Yalgoo.
References
External links
Hybanthus floribundus: occurrence data from the Australasian Virtual Herbarium
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Taxa described in 1810
Absyrtus () was an Ancient Greek veterinary surgeon.
History
Absyrtus was one of the principal veterinary surgeons of whom any remains are still extant. According to the Suda and Eudokia Makrembolitissa, they were born either at Prusa or Nicomedia in Bithynia (modern-day Turkey).  They are said to have served under "Constantine" in their campaign on the Danube, which is generally supposed to mean Constantine the Great, in 322 CE, but some refer it to that under Constantine IV in 671 CE.
Their writings are to be found in the Veterinariae Medicinae Libri Duo, first published in Latin by Jean Ruel, and afterwards in Greek by Simon Grynaeus. Christian Konrad Sprengel published a little work titled Programma de Apsyrto Bithynio.
References
Ancient Greek physicians
Greek veterinarians
Roman-era Greeks
Ancient surgeons
History of veterinary medicine
Male veterinarians
People from Bithynia
Westover Comprehensive High School is a public high school located in Albany, Georgia, United States.
Westover High
Westover High School serves 9th through 12th grade students from the city of Albany, which is part of Dougherty County.
Westover High School ranks 180th of 386 Georgia public high schools. Dougherty County ranks 94th of 158 Georgia school districts. It has received a GreatSchools rating of 7 out of 10 based on its performance on state standardized tests.
Westover High boys' basketball won six State Championships (AAA) in 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1998, and 2001.
Demographics
Student racial breakdown:
American Indian: 3
Asian: 16
Hispanic: 7
Black: 1,042
White: 130
Two or more races: 17
School stadium
Hugh Mills Stadium is used by all four public high schools: the Albany High Indians, Dougherty High Trojans, Monroe High Tornadoes, and Westover High Patriots football and track teams. It is also the host of the girls' state track meet for all five GHSA classifications. It is dedicated to Hugh M. Mills, the Albany High principal from 1923 to 1925. The stadium is located near Albany High School at 601 North Van Buren Street.
Albany High is the only school in the Dougherty County School System to have an on-site football stadium; because of this, all the high schools in Dougherty County use Hugh Mills as a home field. To alleviate confusion during games between schools, signs are posted at each of the entrance gates to designate the home team. If three schools have home games on the same weekend, games are played on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights.
Alma mater
Our hearts beat true, red, white, and blue,
We boast and we are bold,
When honoring the school we love,
The memories we will hold.
As patriots we will stand high.
We'll shout and we'll proclaim,
Forever proving that we take pride in your name.
Our loyalty we pledge to thee, Dear School, we'll ever try,
To make you proud we were a part of you,
Westover High.
Notable alumni
Trent Brown - NFL offensive lineman and Super Bowl champion currently playing for the New England Patriots
Joelle Carter- American Actress
Rashad Greene - NFL wide receiver and return specialist for the Jacksonville Jaguars
Gary Lee - former NFL wide receiver for the Detroit Lions
Kurt Quarterman - former NFL offensive lineman with the Atlanta Falcons
Troy Reddick - former AFL offensive lineman and ArenaBowl champion with the San Jose Sabercats
Antwone Savage - former NCAA college football wide receiver and National Champion with the Oklahoma Sooners
Trenton Thompson - XFL defensive lineman currently playing for the Houston Roughnecks
Dontonio Wingfield - former NBA forward for the Seattle SuperSonics and Portland Trail Blazers
References
External links
Westover Comprehensive High School
Dougherty County School System
Public high schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Schools in Dougherty County, Georgia
Buildings and structures in Albany, Georgia
The Springfield Model 1816 was a .69 caliber flintlock musket manufactured in the United States during the early 19th century.
History
The War of 1812 had revealed many weaknesses in American muskets. The Springfield Model 1812 was created in an attempt to improve both the design and manufacture of the musket. The Model 1816 made further improvements, and replaced the Model 1812. The Model 1812 had borrowed heavily from the design of the French Charleville Model 1777, and this design was retained for the Model 1816. The Model 1816 had a 42-inch (107 cm) long .69 caliber smoothbore barrel, similar to the Model 1812, but had a longer lock plate, a shorter trigger guard, and a longer bayonet than the Model 1812. The Model 1816 also had a more straight lined stock. The overall length of the weapon was 58 inches (147 cm).
The Model 1816 musket was originally manufactured at the Springfield and Harpers Ferry armories along with independent contractors between 1816 and 1844. Around 700,000 were made, more than any other flintlock in U.S. history.
The Model 1816 was originally manufactured as a flintlock musket. Like many flintlock muskets, many of these were later converted to percussion cap, as the percussion cap system was much more reliable and weather resistant. Some also had their barrels rifled as well.
This model of Springfield musket was used by Texans during the Texas Revolution and by the U.S. Army and militia during the Mexican–American War. During this conflict, the flintlock version of the Model 1816 was preferred by U.S. regular forces, due to percussion cap supply concerns.
It was also used during the early years of the American Civil War until around 1862. The large majority of Model 1816 muskets had been converted to percussion firing by 1860. Muskets made prior to 1821 were considered too outdated to be serviceable weapons and were not converted. Most of them were in Southern arsenals and a large number of Confederate soldiers for the first year of the Civil War had the misfortune of carrying flintlock muskets, some of which dated back to the War of 1812.
Many improvements to the Model 1816 were made, producing the Springfield Model 1822, Springfield Model 1835, Springfield Model 1840, and Springfield Model 1842. U.S. Ordnance Department referred to these as different models, but in other U.S. government documents they are referred to as a continuation of the Model 1816 with the first model designated as the Type I, the Model 1822 as the Type II, and the Model 1835 as the Type III. Modern histories are similarly inconsistent in the nomenclature of these weapons.
See also
Springfield musket
References
External links
Springfield firearms
Muskets
American Civil War weapons
Weapons of the Confederate States of America
Simpson County is a county located in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Kentucky. Its county seat is Franklin.
History
Simpson County was established in 1819 from Allen, Logan, and Warren Counties. The county is named for Captain John Simpson, a Kentucky militia officer who fought in Battle of Fallen Timbers in the Northwest Indian War, and was killed during the War of 1812 in the Battle of River Raisin.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.0%) is water. The county is located in the Pennyroyal Plateau region of the state.
Adjacent counties
Warren County (north)
Allen County (east)
Sumner County, Tennessee (southeast)
Robertson County, Tennessee (southwest)
Logan County (west)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 16,405 people, 6,415 households, and 4,638 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,016 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 87.84% White, 10.22% Black or African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.55% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.30% from other races, and 0.87% from two or more races. 0.91% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race.
There were 6,415 households, out of which 33.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.80% were married couples living together, 11.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.70% were non-families. 24.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.97.
The age distribution was 26.20% under the age of 18, 8.50% from 18 to 24, 29.20% from 25 to 44, 23.00% from 45 to 64, and 13.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 95.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,432, and the median income for a family was $42,525. Males had a median income of $32,160 versus $22,667 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,150. About 8.50% of families and 11.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.00% of those under age 18 and 15.90% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
City
Franklin (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Gold City
Middleton
Neosheo
Prices Mill
Providence
Salmons
Politics
In contrast to the Western Coalfield and the eastern part of the Pennyroyal Plateau, Simpson County was not highly pro-Union during the Civil War. Consequently, Simpson was as reliably Democratic as the Jackson Purchase and Bluegrass during the following century: no Republican carried Simpson County until Richard Nixon's 1972 landslide. As with all of rural Kentucky, the social liberalism of the Democratic Party – rejected by many southern whites – has led to an increase in registered Republicans, and many people registered as Democrats vote for Republican candidates, especially at the national level. In 2014, of a population of 17,800, there were 12,700 registered voters in Simpson County: 8,040 (63%) were Democrats, 3,587 (28%) were Republican, and 1073 (9%) were unaffiliated or registered with another party.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Simpson County, Kentucky
References
Sources
Simpson County, Kentucky, KyGenWeb.
Simpson County, Kentucky, Kentucky Atlas & Gazetteer.
Kentucky counties
1819 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1819
Berghia creutzbergi is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch. It is a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Aeolidiidae.
Distribution
This species is an inhabitant of the Tropical Western Atlantic Ocean present in Brazil, Curaçao, Venezuela, Barbados, Bahamas, the Cayman Islands, the Caribbean coast of Costa Rica, Cuba and Florida.
Description
Berghia creutzbergi has a maximum reported size of 30 mm.
Habitat
This species is found in depths from 0 to 5 m.
References
Aeolidiidae
Gastropods described in 1970
MD 11 may refer to:
U.S. Route 11 in Maryland, a roadway in Maryland, US.
McDonnell Douglas MD-11, a tri-jet airliner.
Erik Haghjoo (born December 30, 1976) is a Swedish-American floorball player who plays as a forward. They have won seven caps for the United States national floorball team.  They are currently signed with the Fresno Force of the North American Floorball League.
Career statistics
International
References
1976 births
Living people
Floorball players
American floorball players
Swedish floorball players
Dawn of Dreams is the debut studio album by avant-garde/progressive/death metal band Pan.Thy.Monium released in 1992. Contrary to popular belief, the tracks do have intended titles, but Swanö instructed Osmose Productions not to release these titles (or any information about the band whatsoever) in the original pressing of the album, so for many years it was believed that the tracks were intended to be untitled. The official titles were not revealed until The Crypt's 2014 vinyl reissue of the album.
Track listing
"RAAGOONSHINNAAH" – 21:49
"EEPITAFFPH" – 5:51
"SIEEGEH" – 4:03
"IV" – 3:06
"ZENOTAFFPH" – 2:42
"AMARAAH" – 4:26
"EKKHOECCE II" – 3:00
Personnel
Derelict aka Robert "Robban" Karlsson - vocals
Winter aka Benny Larsson - drums, percussion and violin
Day DiSyraah aka Dan Swanö - bass, keyboards and effects
Mourning aka Robert Ivarsson - rhythm guitars
Äag aka Tom Nouga aka Dag Swanö - lead guitars, organ and baritone Saxophone
External links
Encyclopaedia Metallum page
1992 debut albums
Pan.Thy.Monium albums
Home From School: The Children of Carlisle is a 2021 documentary film. The film tells the story of a group of Northern Arapaho who seek to recover the remains of Arapaho children buried in the 1880s on the grounds of the Carlisle Indian Industrial School in Carlisle, Pennsylvania.
The film aired on Independent Lens on PBS on November 23, 2021.
References
External links
2021 films
2021 documentary films
Oakridge School may refer to:
The Oakridge School, Arlington, Texas, United States
Oakridge High School (Oregon), Oakridge, Oregon, United States
Oakridge International School, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India
Oakridge Secondary School, London, Ontario, Canada
See also
Oak Ridge High School (disambiguation)
Oakridge Public Schools - a public school district in Egelston Township, Michigan, United States
Sir John Ross, 1st Baronet, PC (I), KC (1853–1935) was an Irish politician and judge who was the last person to hold the office of Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
Early life
They were born in Derry, County Londonderry, Ireland, on 11 December 1853. They were the eldest son of the Reverend Robert Ross DD, Presbyterian Minister and, at one time, Moderator of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland. Their mother was a Miss Christie. They were educated at the model school and at Foyle College, Derry, where the songwriter Percy French was one of their schoolfriends. In 1873 they entered Trinity College Dublin. They became president of the University Philosophical Society in 1877 and graduated from BA in the same year; in 1878 they were auditor of the College Historical Society, where their contemporaries included the politician and judge Edward Carson (later Lord Carson) and James Campbell (the future Lord Glenavy, Lord Chancellor of Ireland). They graduated with a Bachelor of Laws (LL. B.) degree in 1879.
Judge
Ross had entered Gray's Inn, London, in 1878 and was called to the Irish Bar in 1879. They became a Queen's Counsel in 1889. They were Conservative member of the House of Commons for Londonderry City from 1892 until their defeat in 1895. In 1896 Ross was elevated to the bench as land judge in the Chancery Division of the High Court of Justice in Ireland. When appointed, they were the youngest judge in the United Kingdom and they were the first Presbyterian judge of the High Court. Maurice Healy noted that they were as scrupulous in avoiding any suggestion of religious bias as they were in not allowing their own political views to colour their judgement. While their main training was in equity, they were also a good criminal lawyer.
Ross was sworn of the Privy Council of Ireland in 1902. In 1919 they were created a baronet. In 1921, in succession to Sir James Campbell, Ross was appointed Lord Chancellor of Ireland. They were to be the last holder of that office, which was abolished in December 1922. Ross retired to London, but later they returned to live in Northern Ireland.
They were president of the St John Ambulance Brigade in Ireland and during the First World War was in control of all Red Cross activities in southern Ireland. In 1914 they were made a Knight of Grace of the Grand Priory of the Order of St John of Jerusalem. During the war, they were also chairperson of the Irish board for the selection of candidates for commissions in the British army.
Family
In 1882 Ross married Katherine Mary Jeffcock (d. 1932), who was the only daughter of Lieutenant-Colonel Deane Mann, of Dunmoyle and Corvey Lodge, County Tyrone and their wife Mary Stobart Jeffcock. They had one son, Major Sir Ronald Deane Ross MC MP, and two daughters, Irene and May, the youngest of whom predeceased their father. Ross died, of bronchial pneumonia, at their home, Dunmoyle Lodge, Sixmilecross, Co. Tyrone, on 17 August 1935, and was succeeded as the second baronet by their son.
Character
Maurice Healy, who described most of the Irish judges of their time in their memoir The Old Munster Circuit, praises Ross in the highest terms, recalling their "splendid presence", their beautiful command of the English language, and their unfailing kindness to young barristers. Like all judges they had their foibles, notably a fondness for horse racing: they were a habitué of Punchestown Racecourse, and the Bar had an unofficial understanding that no case would be listed for hearing on a Punchestown day. In this way, Healy remarks, they showed that they were very human, and that humanity was what made them a great judge.
References
External links
1853 births
1935 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Auditors of the College Historical Society
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Irish Presbyterians
Irish Unionist Party politicians
Irish unionists
Lord chancellors of Ireland
Members of Gray's Inn
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for County Londonderry constituencies (1801–1922)
Politicians from Derry (city)
Queen's Counsel 1801–1900
Members of the Senate of Southern Ireland
People educated at Foyle College
UK MPs 1892–1895
Eula is an unincorporated community in Callahan County, Texas, United States. It is part of the Abilene, Texas Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
Eula is located at 32°20'32" North, 99°32'42" West (32.3423509, -99.5617473).
Demographics
As of the census of 1990, there were 125 people in the community.
History
A post office was founded at Eula in 1889. In 1913, the post office was closed, as population had fallen. By 1940, an independent school had been formed, and a number of families had moved into the area. There are three churches in the area, a Southern Baptist Church, a United Methodist Church, and the House of Yahweh. A Lions Club also meets regularly in Eula. Most homes in the Eula community have United States Postal Service addresses in Clyde, Texas.
School
The Eula Independent School District is located at the intersection of Farm to Market Road 603 and County Road 244. The boundaries of the school reach west to the Abilene city limits, east to FM 604, south to the Dudley Hwy, and North to FM 351. The original school building burnt to the ground in 1943, and was rebuilt at the same location. In 1976 a new elementary wing was added, and in 1993 a Middle school wing was added. In 2000 the School opened the doors to a new state-of-the-art facility that would house Eula High School. Currently this building is the home of 7-12 grades. The Eula Pirates have made an appearance at the State Cross Country meet since 1997, placing as high as 2nd. They won a Softball state championship in 2006, and have made 6 appearances in the basketball state tournament: twice for the girls, once in the 1950s and in 1983; four times for the boys, in 1946, 1989, 2007, and 2011, where they won the State 1A Championship.
Notable people
Jack Favor, rodeo star falsely imprisoned in 1967 in Louisiana for two murders for which they were framed, released with acquittal in a second trial in 1974; born in Eula in 1911
References
Unincorporated communities in Callahan County, Texas
Unincorporated communities in Texas
The Elliott 503 was a transistorized computer introduced by Elliott Brothers in 1963. It was software-compatible with the earlier Elliott 803 but was about 70 times faster and a more powerful machine. About 32 units were sold. The basic configuration had 8192 words of 39 bits each for main memory, and operated at a system clock speed of 6.7 megahertz. It weighed more than .
See also
List of transistorized computers
Cluff–Foster–Idelson code
References
0803
Early British computers
Transistorized computers
Computer-related introductions in 1963
The Minnesota Court of Appeals is the intermediate appellate court in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It began operating on November 1, 1983.
Jurisdiction
The Court of Appeals has jurisdiction over most appeals from the state trial courts, including the Minnesota District Courts, and from many decisions of state agencies and local governments. The only exceptions to this grant of jurisdiction are statewide election contests, first-degree murder cases, and appeals from the Minnesota Tax Court and Minnesota Workers' Compensation Court of Appeals, all of which go directly to the Minnesota Supreme Court.
The Minnesota Supreme Court has discretionary review. Only about five percent of Court of Appeals decisions are accepted by the Supreme Court for further review, meaning that the Court of Appeals makes the final ruling in the vast majority of the 2,000 to 2,400 appeals filed every year.
Procedure
Under Minnesota law, the Court of Appeals must issue a decision within 90 days after oral arguments. If no oral argument is held, a decision is due within 90 days of the case's scheduled conference date. This deadline is the shortest imposed on any appellate court in the nation. The court expedites decisions on child custody cases, mental health commitments and other matters in which the parties request accelerated response.
Composition
The 19 judges of the Minnesota Court of Appeals are elected to renewable six-year terms. When a midterm vacancy occurs, the governor appoints a replacement to a term that ends after the general election occurring more than one year after the appointment. All judges that have ever served on the court have been appointed by the governor. The chief judge is selected by the governor from amongst the members of the court to serve a fixed three-year term.
Eight seats are associated with Minnesota's congressional districts. Judges for those seats must live in the associated district at the time of appointment or initial election. However, seated judges remain eligible for those positions even if they move to another district later on. Remaining seats are at-large positions that can be filled without regard to residency. The seats associated with congressional districts are redesignated every ten years following reapportionment of the districts. The most recent reapportionment occurred in 2012. The seats on the Court of Appeals were redesignated in January 2013.
Members sit in three-judge panels in various locations throughout the state to hear oral arguments, all of which are open to the public.
Members
Chief judges
Peter Popovich (1983–1987)
D.D. Wozniak (1987–1992)
Paul Anderson (1992–1994)
Anne Simonett (1994–1995)
Edward Toussaint (1995–2010)
Matthew Johnson (2010–2013)
Edward Cleary (2013–2020)
Susan Segal (2020–present)
Former judges
Barry Anderson
Paul Anderson
Margaret Chutich
Sam Hanson
Natalie Hudson
David Minge
Fred Norton
Randolph W. Peterson
Peter Popovich
John Rodenberg
Larry Stauber
Terri Stoneburner
Edward Toussaint
Wilhelmina Wright
References
External links
Minnesota state courts
State appellate courts of the United States
1983 establishments in Minnesota
Courts and tribunals established in 1983
Kilometer zero or kilometre zero may refer to:
Kilometre zero, a particular location from which distances are traditionally measured
Kilometre Zero (Bucharest), a monument in Bucharest, Romania
Zero Kilometre Stone, a monument in Budapest, Hungary
Film
Kilometer Zero (film), a 2007 Russian film
Km. 0, a 2000 Spanish film
Kilomètre Zéro, a 2005 French-Kurdish film
Other uses
Kilometer Zero, a collective of international artists and writers
See also
Kilometre
Zero (disambiguation)
KM (disambiguation)
0 (disambiguation)
Zero Mile (disambiguation)
Rudolf Canesius Soemolang Wowor (13 December 1941 – 5 October 2018), better known as Rudy Wowor was a Dutch Indonesian dancer and actor of Indonesian cinema, often playing the role of Dutch antagonist. Wowor was of Indo descent and a citizen of the Netherlands and Indonesia.
Biography
Son of a Dutch mother and a Manadonese father, they started their film career in the 1970s. Famous films they starred in include Virgin Dreams (1976), Aladdin (1980), Tjoet Nja' Dhien (1988), Soerabaia '45 (1990), Merah Putih (2009 film), and Java Heat (2013). They were nominated for Best Supporting Actor 1988 FFI for the film Tjoet Nja' Dhien.
Career
Aside from acting Wowor was also a dancer and choreographer. In 2007, Wowor became the permanent judge for the dance reality show titled Dance Celebrity Quiz.
Wowor had also written for Elle magazine and other periodicals. Having mastered seven languages, they also wrote in Spanish and Australian newspapers. Wowor died on 5 October 2018 from prostate cancer, aged 76.
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Indonesian profile
Online news article
1943 births
2018 deaths
Dutch male film actors
Male actors from Amsterdam
Indo people
Minahasa people
Dutch people of Indonesian descent
20th-century Dutch male writers
Dutch male dancers
Dutch choreographers
Dutch emigrants to Indonesia
Indonesian people of Dutch descent
Deaths from prostate cancer
Dutch male writers
20th-century Dutch male actors
21st-century Dutch male actors
Deaths from cancer in Indonesia
Ashley Eckstein (; born September 22, 1981) is an American actor and fashion designer.  They are the founder of the fashion label Them Universe.  They are best known for voicing the role of Ahsoka Tano throughout the Star Wars franchise, beginning with Star Wars: The Clone Wars in 2008.
Early life
Eckstein was born on September 22, 1981, in Louisville, Kentucky. Eckstein was raised in Orlando, Florida, where their first job was as a cast member at Disney-MGM Studios.
Career
Eckstein began as a child actor under their birth name, Ashley Drane. At age 12, they played disability advocate Helen Keller in a community-theater production of The Miracle Worker. Following more stage as well and television and TV-commercial work in Orlando, they moved to Los Angeles, where they played Lisa Rossbach, Admiral Chegwidden's goddaughter, on the military-justice drama series JAG. In 2002, they became the latest in a line of actores to play Jan Brady, essaying the role in the TV-movie The Brady Bunch in the White House. They played the recurring role of Muffy on the Disney Channel sitcom That's So Raven. They also played small roles as Alicia in the film Sydney White and Ms. Cole in the film Alice Upside Down (both 2007).
Most prominently, they provide the voice of Ahsoka Tano on Star Wars: The Clone Wars, Star Wars Rebels, Star Wars Forces of Destiny, and Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker. Eckstein reprised their role as Ahsoka with a short voice cameo in Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker.
In 2010, Eckstein started Them Universe, a fashion brand of science-fiction-themed clothing targeted at girls and women. In 2012, Disney began selling Them Universe products at Disneyland and Disney World.
Eckstein has joined UNICEF Kid Power, along with Aly Raisman and David Ortiz, as a brand ambassador Kid Power Champion.
They and E. K. Johnston co-wrote the short story "By Whatever Sun", which appeared in the 2017-Star Wars book From a Certain Point of View.
Personal life
They married former Major League Baseball player and 2006 World Series MVP David Eckstein on November 26, 2005, in their hometown of Sanford, Florida, followed by a reception at Walt Disney World.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
Audiobooks
2016: E. K. Johnston: Star Wars: Ahsoka
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Actresses from Louisville, Kentucky
Actresses from Orlando, Florida
American child actores
American film actores
American television actores
American voice actores
Dr. Phillips High School alumni
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Altendorf Castle (Swiss German: Ruine Altendorf) was a medieval hill castle in the municipality of Altendorf in the canton of Schwyz. On the foundation of the round castle chapel stands the choir of the chapel of St. Johann.
Geography
The ruins respectively a chapel built at the castle's former location is situated on the western lake shore of Obersee on a ridge towards the mountain called Etzel in Altendorf. The castle overlooked the Linth plain and the upper part of the Lake Zurich. The village of Lachen is situated below the hill on the shore of the lake, although the castle site is on the ground of the municipality of Altendorf. The castle site is accessible by car, parking lots are nearby. Hiking trails lead from the boat landing Altendorf Seestatt and from the railway station Lachen to the castle site.
History
"Rahprehteswilare" is mentioned for the first time in a document of emperor Otto II, in which goods of the Einsiedeln Abbey in the location of today's Altendorf were confirmed on 14 August 972. Rahprehteswilare means hamlet or village of Raprecht, named after a probably Alemanni nobleman in the 7th or 8th century AD. The House_of_Rapperswil had estates in central and eastern Switzerland, more precisely around the upper Lake Zurich and the later silt up Lake Tuggen, in the Zürcher Oberland and in the Glattal.
The Counts of Rapperswil acted as Vögte of the Einsiedeln Abbey since the 11th century AD, as therefore the castle may have been built as seat of the Vogt, in addition to the nearby later fortification in Pfäffikon, that was owned by the Einsiedeln abbey – the exact date of construction is unknown. The establishment of the present Rapperswil was founden around 1200 AD. It became the new seat of the House of Rapperswil and the village with the church of St. Michael was renamed "vetus villa Rapperswile" (literally: old town Rapperswil) and the castle was called "die vestize der alten Rapreswile" (literally: the fortress of the old House of Rapperswil). To the middle of the 15th century AD, for the first time the name "zu dem alten Dorfe" (literally: to the old village) was mentioned from which the name "Altendorf" (literally: old village) arose.
When the castle was completed is unknown. From the previously known, patchy history of the House of Rapperswil only conjectures may be done: Certainly it was built well before the year 1200 AD, maybe in 972 or earlier, from which the asupervisorstioned document dates. However, the castle was destroyed along with the Rapperswil Castle by Rudolf Brun's troops in 1350, as an attempted coup called 'Mordnacht von Zürich' (literally: Murder night of Zurich) failed. It was an upheaval of the aristocratic opposition which attempted to reverse the guild order of the city of Zurich introduced by Brun. A central person was Count Johann II of the House of Habsburg-Laufenburg, who wanted to revenge their father's death at the Battle of Grynau.
The destruction of Alt-Rapperswil followed a siege of the castle in September 1350, in which allied troops from Constance and St. Gallen took part in addition to the troops of Zurich. According to the chronicle, the 30 inhabitants were given safe conduct after five days of siege and the walls were then brought down by undermining, which was confirmed by the excavations in 1972.
Thus, Rapperswil was rebuilt by Albrecht II, Duke of Austria in 1352/54. Of Alt Rapperswil only the chapel was rebuilt. Contrary to the records of the chronicler Aegidius Tschudi from the 16th century, it had also been destroyed, which was proven by the excavations in 1972. Habsburg influence in the March District was lost in 1386 after the Battle of Sempach, and the property and its rights passed over to the city of Zurich.
Castle
The exact location of Alt-Rapperswil was long unknown. It could only be confirmed during the renovation of the chapel of St. Johann when soundings revealed an extensive medieval fortification. The ridge castle occupied an area of 100 × 35 metres on the ridge. The levelled moat, up to eight metres deep on the north and east sides, and the neck ditch on the west side are still faintly visible. The chapel of St. Johann and the Sigristenhaus (Sacristan's House) are located on the former castle grounds.
The choir of the Chapel of St. John, which is seven-eighths closed, stands on an approximately 70 cm wide foundation of a former round tower of the castle. It is assumed that the chapel was modelled on the Church of the Holy Sepulchre in Jerusalem to commemorate the crusades and pilgrimages of the House of Rapperswil, because during the excavations a foundation was found which could be the remains of an altar pedestal. The rapid reconstruction of the chapel after its destruction in 1350 is evidenced by a Gothic double window, as can also be found in other buildings from the 1370s in the region.
Under the nave of the present chapel of St. John, a wall segment running parallel to the ridge was found with two door sills embedded in it. To the east of the choir of the present chapel on a terrace seven metres below, a square foundation of 3.4 metres edge length was found, surrounded by a fire layer in which remains of stove tiles were found. A one and a half metre thick curtain wall must have surrounded the site.
The chapel and the ruined remains are a Swiss heritage site of national significance as Class A objects of national importance.
See also
Rapperswil Castle
House of Rapperswil
Literature
Roger Sablonier: Gründungszeit ohne Eidgenossen: Politik und Gesellschaft in der Innerschweiz um 1300. hier + jetzt, Baden 2008, .
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Schwyz
Castles in the canton of Schwyz
House of Rapperswil
Ruined castles in Switzerland
Năsturelu is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Năsturelu and Zimnicele.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Paulus Bor (10 August 1669; ) was a Dutch artist, representative of the "Golden Age", member of the art society "Bentvueghels".
Biography
Bor, who was born and died in Amersfoort, was descended from a notable Catholic family. They made a study trip to Rome, where they were one of the founders of the Bentvueghels, taking the nickname Orlando. They returned in 1626 to Amersfoort and joined Jacob van Campen in the decoration of the palace Honselaarsdijk belonging to Frederik Hendrik. In 1635, painted after a stay in Rome, significant is the work "La Maddalena". In 1656, they became regent of the godshuis "De Armen de Poth" in Amersfoort.
Bor's style of painting was rather at odds with that of contemporary painters from Utrecht. They initially painted rather Caravaggisti-like history paintings, but their works fast became marked by a classicism related to that of their townsman van Campen. Through unusual compositions and primitive technique, their paintings depict strange and mysterious subjects.
Selected works
The Annunciation of the Virgin's Death (Dutch: De Annunciatie door Gabriël aan de Maagd van haar ophanden zijnde dood), c. 1635–1640 (National Gallery of Canada, Ottawa)
Notes
References
Further reading
1600s births
1669 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
People from Amersfoort
Members of the Bentvueghels
History painters
Caravaggisti
The women's team tennis competition was held at the 2014 Asian Games. China were the defending champions.
Each tie is the best of three rubbers, two singles and one doubles match.
Schedule
All times are Korea Standard Time (UTC+09:00)
Results
1st round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Non-participating athletes
References
Draw
External links
Official website
Tennis at the 2014 Asian Games
Spiral is an album by jazz vibraphonist Bobby Hutcherson. It was released in 1979 on Blue Note Records (LT 996) featuring six tracks recorded in November, 1968, except for "Jasper", recorded in 1965 and later added to the CD reissue of Dialogue, since it was recorded the same day. The first five tracks of Spiral may also be found on the CD reissue of Medina.
Track listing
"Ruth" (Chambers) – 7:52
"The Wedding March" (Cowell) – 3:54
"Poor People's March" (Land) – 6:18
"Spiral" (Chambers) – 6:15
"Visions" (Hutcherson) – 3:50
"Jasper" (Andrew Hill) – 8:29
Personnel
Tracks 1–5
Bobby Hutcherson – vibraphone, marimba
Harold Land – saxophone
Stanley Cowell – piano
Reggie Johnson – bass
Joe Chambers – drums
Track 6
Bobby Hutcherson – vibraphone, marimba
Sam Rivers – tenor sax, bass clarinet
Freddie Hubbard – trumpet
Andrew Hill – piano
Richard Davis – bass
Joe Chambers – drums
References
1979 albums
Blue Note Records albums
Bobby Hutcherson albums
Post-bop albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Francis Wolff
Albums produced by Duke Pearson
The Theatre Royal was a patent theatre located in Cork City, Ireland.
History
The Theatre Royal was founded by local actor Spranger Barry in 1760. It was modelled on the Crow Street Theatre, Dublin. In 1766 when they left for London, Barry controversially left their son Thomas Barry as manager of the theatre, but their tenure lasted for less than a year.
The theatre was destroyed by fire on April Fool's Day 1840. In 1853 it was rebuilt, and in the 1860s it was refurbished under the direction of Sir John Benson, and re-opened on 26 December 1867.
In 1875 the theatre was sold to the postal service and Cork's GPO opened on the site in 1877. The last three plays performed were James Sheridan Knowles' Virginius; William Shakespeare's Hamlet; and John Wilson's Belphegor.
Description
An 1867 description from the Illustrated London News:
References
Theatres in Cork (city)
Theatres completed in 1760
1760 establishments in Ireland
Organisations based in Cork (city)
Finding Hope Now is a 2010 Gang/Crime film starring Stelio Savante, Michael Badalucco, Avan Jogia, Rolando Monge and Nick Rey Angelus.
Cast
Michael Badalucco as Roger Minassian
Mick Wingert as Young Roger Minassian
Avan Jogia as Santos Delgado
Nick Rey Angelus as Reynaldo Sanchez
Raymond Castelan as Gabriel
Deep Rai as Basketball Player
Heidi Harian as Mrs. Hurtado
Christopher Maleki as Mr. Delgado
Danny Mora as Reverend Sergio Martinez
Tia Texada as Mrs. Villanueva
Stelio Savante as Ruben
Sean Michael Thomas as Guy Pushed In Fountain
Scott Seargeant as Pizza Pit Manager
Production
The film was shot in Fresno, California, principal photography wrapping in June 2009. It is based on Roger Minassian's 2003 book Gangs to Jobs.
References
External links
2010 films
American crime drama films
Hood films
Films about Evangelicalism
Films based on non-fiction books
2010 crime drama films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Antonín Dvořák's Serenade for Strings in E major (), Op. 22 (B. 52), is one of the composer's most popular orchestral works. It was composed in just two weeks in May 1875.
Composition and premiere
By 1875, Dvořák was gaining recognition as a composer. They received a generous stipend from a commission in Vienna, allowing them to write the Serenade, in addition to Symphony No. 5, String Quintet No. 2, Piano Trio No. 1, the opera Vanda, and the Moravian Duets. Dvořák is said to have written the Serenade in just 12 days, from 3 to 14 May.
The piece premiered in Prague on 10 December 1876 by Adolf Čech and the combined orchestras of the Czech and German theatres. Dvořák's piano duet arrangement was published in Prague in 1877 by Emanuel Starý. Two years later, Bote & Bock published the score in Berlin.
Form
Dvořák's Serenade for Strings consists of five movements:
With the exception of the finale, which is in modified sonata form, each movement follows a rough ABA form. It is believed that Dvořák took up this small orchestral genre because it was less demanding than the symphony, but allowed for the provision of pleasure and entertainment. The piece combines cantabile style (first movement), a slow waltz (second movement), humorous high spirits (third movement), lyrical beauty (fourth movement) and exuberance (fifth movement).
Scoring
The work is scored for full string orchestra, with staves for Violin I & 2, Viola, Cello and Contrabass (double bass). It is typically performed with 4–6 instruments per part, though usually 2 or 3 double basses are sufficient.
Description of movements
I. Moderato
The first movement starts off the Serenade in the key of E major. The second violins and cellos introduce the lyrical main theme over an eighth note pulse in the violas. The theme is traded back and forth, and the second violins reprise it under a soaring passage in the firsts.
At measure 31, the movement modulates into G major and presents a new, dancelike theme, based on a dotted rhythm. At measure 54, the movement modulates back into E major and the primary theme returns. The movement ends on three E major chords.
II. Tempo di Valse
The second movement, a waltz, opens with a lilting dance melody in C minor. The first section repeats, and the second section begins in E Mixolydian. A string of eighth notes in the violins transitions into the second theme in A major. The first theme returns, and Part A is closed with a cadential fortissimo C-sharp minor chord.
Part B opens with a modulation into the enharmonic parallel major of D major. This section's theme is developed, and then Part A returns. The movement ends on a C major chord.
III. Scherzo: Vivace
The third movement is a lively, hyperactive Scherzo in F major. The theme is stated and subsequently developed in sections of different tempos and moods, including a foray into A major. The most monothematic movement yet, the scherzo ends with a coda combining material from the scherzo and trio.
IV. Larghetto
The slow movement of the Serenade is tranquil and wistful. Its flowing melodies and tender phrases form a buffer between the vigorous third and fifth movements. The third theme of the second movement is quoted repeatedly throughout.
V. Finale: Allegro vivace
The fifth movement is a lively, offbeat finale, conveying the spirit of a Bohemian village dance. The principal theme is a descending figure based on thirds with accents on weak beats. More thematic material enters at bar 32 as the violins and cellos trade calls and responses over running eighths in the violas. A third theme based primarily on sixteenth-note upbeats appears at bar 87. A wistful recollection of the melody from the preceding Larghetto appears and then diminuendos away.
The movement's recapitulation starts with the main theme, followed in turn by the second and third themes. A 20-bar eighth-note passage leads into a quotation of the first movement's theme, bringing the piece full circle. A Presto coda follows, and the Serenade ends with three E major chords.
Quotes and interpretation
See also
Serenade for Strings (Elgar)
Serenade for Strings (Tchaikovsky)
References
Dvořák, Antonín: Serenata, Op. 22. Partitura. (Score) Praha: Editio Bärenreiter, 2000. H 971
External links
Serenade for Strings on a comprehensive Dvorak site
Piece details, Portland Chamber Orchestra
Program Notes, Kremlin Chamber Orchestra
Compositions by Antonín Dvořák
Dvorak
Compositions for string orchestra
1875 compositions
Compositions in E major
The North-West Frontier States Agency was one of the colonial Agencies of British India exercising indirect rule.
It comprised the Princely States associated with the North-West Frontier Province (now Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, in Pakistan).
Subagencies were the Dir, Swat and Chitral Agency and the Deputy Commissioner of Hazara acting as the Political Agent for Amb and Phulra.
Princely States
Then the only salute state was :
Chitral, title Mehtar, enjoying a Hereditary salute of 11-guns
One then non-salute state would later outrank Chitral by Pakistani presidential grant of a Hereditary salute of 15-guns in 1966 :
Swat, title Wali
The rest remained non-salute states :
Amb, title Nawab
Dir, title Nawab
Phulra(h), title Nawab
Agencies of British India
History of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
North-West Frontier Province
Charles Emil Lewenhaupt the Elder (28 March 1691 – 4 August 1743) was a Swedish general.
Biography
Lewenhaupt was born to Count Carl Gustaf Löwenhaupt and Countess Amalia Königsmarck. At the age of 16, they entered Dutch service where they were promoted to the rank of captain in 1709. A year later they entered Swedish service. They were promoted to lieutenant colonel and participated at the battle of Gadebusch in 1712.
In 1720, Lewenhaupt married Beata Cronhielm. The couple had one son, Charles Emil Lewenhaupt the Younger. In 1722, they were promoted to major general. At the Riksdag of the Estates of 1741, they were a factor in the decision to wage war against Imperial Russia, in what became the Russo-Swedish War of 1741–1743.
Following the war, on 20 June 1743, Lewenhaupt was sentenced to death on grounds of poor performance and conduct in the war. The execution was set to 20 July, and later postponed to 30 July. Lewenhaupts' son and a small party managed to free him, but Lewenhaupt was re-arrested when aboard a vessel in the Stockholm archipelago bound for Danzig. On 4 August 1743, Lewenhaupt was decapitated at Norrtull in Stockholm.
References
Bibliography
1691 births
1743 deaths
18th-century executions by Sweden
18th-century Swedish military personnel
Executed Swedish people
People executed by Sweden by decapitation
Military personnel from Stockholm
People of the Russo-Swedish War (1741–1743)
Swedish generals
Swedish military personnel of the Great Northern War
Swedish people of German descent
Obangogo Hill is a hill and popular tourist attraction located in Egunbe Community in Kabba, Kogi State of Nigeria. It is located about from the Okene-Kabba expressway.
Local legend has it that the hill has played an important role in the history of the Kabba people who hid under its shade while escaping the slave raids of the Nupe Warriors who regularly invaded, about three hundred years ago. Obangogo "proved for them a place of refuge during this period in their history."
UNESCO Heritage push
A group of prominent indigenes from the state, including advertising executive Steve Babaeko, have now started to push that the hill be recognized as a UNESCO Heritage Site.
References
Rock formations of Nigeria
Hristijan Dragarski (; born 16 April 1992) is a Macedonian football defender who currently plays for Pelister.
Club career
After playing 5 seasons with FK Pelister, Dragarski moved abroad in summer 2014 and signed with Romanian Liga I side CS Concordia Chiajna. After one season with Concordia, Dragarski signed in summer 2015 with Serbian side FK Radnik Surdulica which had just been promoted for the first time in their history to the Serbian SuperLiga. However, before even making a league debut, Dragarski left Radnik.
Dragarski joined FC Struga in January 2019.
In June 2021, Dragarski signed with Albanian Champions Teuta Durrës on a one-year contract.
International career
They represented Macedonia at U19 and U21 levels.
Honours
Pelister
Macedonian Second League: 2011–12
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bitola
Association football defenders
Macedonian footballers
North Macedonia youth international footballers
North Macedonia under-21 international footballers
FK Pelister players
CS Concordia Chiajna players
FK Radnik Surdulica players
FK Pobeda players
FC Struga players
Liga I players
Macedonian First Football League players
Macedonian Second Football League players
Macedonian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
Moșoaia is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bătrâni, Ciocănăi, Dealu Viilor, Hințești, Lăzărești, Moșoaia and Smeura.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Mario Penagos (born May 30, 2002) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for USL Championship side Sacramento Republic.
Club career
Born in Elk Grove, California, Penagos began their career at the Sacramento Republic youth academy in 2015. After impressing in the academy, Penagos was given a call up to the first team and made their first appearance from the bench on September 24, 2018, against OKC Energy.
On January 15, 2020, it was announced that Penagos, alongside academy teammate Hayden Sargis, had signed a professional contract with the Sacramento Republic in the USL Championship. They then made their competitive debut for the club on March 8 against Tulsa. Penagos started and played 68 minutes as the Sacramento Republic drew 1–1.
International career
Penagos made their debut in the United States national team setup at the under-17 level on October 4, 2018, against Argentina.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Profile at the Sacramento Republic FC website
2002 births
Living people
People from Elk Grove, California
American soccer players
Association football midfielders
Sacramento Republic FC players
USL Championship players
Soccer players from California
MLS Next Pro players
Sophie, Baroness De Schaepdrijver (b. Kortrijk, 11 September 1961) is a Belgian historian.
Education
They graduated in history at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel (Brussels, Belgium) and obtained a PhD with a dissertation on Elites for the Capital? Foreign Migration to mid-nineteenth-century Brussels at the University of Amsterdam.
Career
From 1986 until 1988, they were a assistant professor at the Department of History of the Free University of Amsterdam. From 1988 until 1990, they worked as a dissertation fellow at the Amsterdam School for Social Science Research. They worked from 1990 until 1991 as associate professor at the Department of History of Groningen University. From 1991 until 1995, they worked as associate professor at Leiden University.
They left for the United States in 1995, where from 1995 until 1996, they were a fellow at the National Humanities Center, Research Triangle Park, N.C. . From 1996 until 2001, they were a visiting associate professor at New York University. From 1999 until 2000 they worked as a visiting fellow at Princeton University. Since 2001, they are Associate Professor of Modern European History at the Pennsylvania State University.
In 2005-2006 they were a fellow at the Netherlands Institute for Advances Study (NIAS) in Wassenaar.
Them the latest book is a study of the resistance hero Gabrielle Petit and their memory.
Bibliography
De Groote Oorlog: het Koninkrijk België in de Eerste Wereldoorlog (E: The Great War: the kingdom of Belgium in the First World War), (1997)
Taferelen uit het burgerleven, (2002)
Gent: een stadsmuseum in Vlaanderen (2002).
Awards
1990 - Maurits Naessens Award (Bank van Parijs en de Nederlanden) for their dissertation.
1999 - Arkprijs van het Vrije Woord.
2016 - by Royal Decree of 10 July 2016 de Schaepdrijver was given the non-hereditary title of baroness.
References
Sources
(archive) De Groote Oorlog (in Dutch)
Sophie De Schaepdrijver
1961 births
Living people
20th-century Belgian historians
Vrije Universiteit Brussel alumni
Ark Prize of the Free Word winners
People from Kortrijk
Historians of Belgium
Pennsylvania State University faculty
21st-century Belgian historians
