The National Labor Party was a brief-lived political party in the Australian state of Queensland. Although sharing similarities to the federal party of the same name, it was actually founded over two years after its federal counterpart merged into the Nationalist Party. It did not enjoy electoral success and soon faded away.
History
In Queensland the Australian Labor Party split of 1916 had only a minor impact. Only one state MP, John Adamson, and one federal MP, Fred Bamford, left the party and there was no breakaway state party. Instead Premier T. J. Ryan worked hard to successfully keep the party together in the state with only limited losses. Adamson joined the federal Nationalist Party but did not initially seek to organise a new state party, instead unsuccessfully standing as an "Independent Democrat" against John Fihelly, one of the strongest anti-conscriptionists at the 1918 state election.
Although the federal National Labor Party lasted only a few months in 1916-1917, in October 1919 Adamson was involved in the setting up of a state party for ex-Labor supporters. This allied with, but did not join, the National Political Council which sought to combine and co-ordinate anti-Labor activity in the state. The party contested three seats in Brisbane in the 1920 state election but won none of them. The party subsequently faded from the scene.
References
Defunct political parties in Queensland
Political parties established in 1919
Political parties disestablished in 1920
1919 establishments in Australia
1920 disestablishments in Australia
David Lund (born 1925 in New York City) is identified with the abstract expressionist painters of the New York School. Their landscape oils done in the 1950s are exemplary of the bold combination of form, color and texture for which this group is celebrated. Lund taught at Cooper Union, Parsons, New York University, Fashion Institute of Technology, the Metropolitan Museum, the 92nd Street Y, the National Academy School of Fine Arts, and Columbia University.
Some of their more recent exhibitions include the Turtle Gallery, Maine; HHAR Gallery, New York; Wingspread Gallery, Maine; Allport Associates Gallery, San Francisco; Bixby Hall, Washington University in St. Louis; Sehwig Gallery, St. Louis; numerous shows at the Grace Borgenicht Gallery; Maine State Museum; Colby College, Maine; Worcester Art Museum; Butler Institute of American Art; Mid-America Arts Alliance; Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Art; numerous shows at the National Academy Museum; New York Studio School; and the Toledo Museum of Art. Their work is included in the collections of the Corcoran Gallery of Art; McNay Art Institute, San Antonio, Texas; Delaware Art Museum; Johnson Museum, Cornell University; Fort Worth Art Center; and the Whitney Museum of American Art.
 They are the recipient of two Fulbright Fellowships, Rome; the Hassam Purchase Award, American Academy of Arts and Letters; and the Benjamin Altman Prize, National Academy
Photo gallery
Notes
1925 births
Living people
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century male artists
Abstract expressionist artists
Fashion Institute of Technology faculty
Cooper Union faculty
New York University faculty
Hniszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 200.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Picatic was an online ticketing company. Picatic's crowd-funding platform for event ticket sales allowed promoters to create event pages to generate funding before events are booked. Picatic is known for creating ticketing and registration solutions specifically within the events industry.
Jayesh Parmar founded Picatic in 2008. The company has offices in Toronto, Saskatoon, San Francisco, and New York City. In August 2018, Picatic was acquired by Eventbrite, a global ticketing and event technology company based in San Francisco.
History
Jayesh Parmar is the CEO and co-founder of Picatic. Founded in 2008, the company started as a traditional online ticketing company. The first website was launched in 2009. Online ticketing services are a foundation of the company. Picatic allows events and venues to create, promote, and sell tickets for a variety of events.
In September 2012, Picatic launched their event crowdfunding feature, which has since been discontinued.
Picatic currently serves American, Canadian, European, Australian, United Kingdom, Swedish, Swiss and Danish markets. The company plans to expand services to Brazil, Hong Kong, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway and Singapore markets in 2018.
By August 2018, Jayesh Parmar announced in a press release that Picatic was acquired by Eventbrite.
Products
Picatic offers two primary services. The company provides online ticket sales. Picatic charges vendors a commission on for-profit tickets. The company does not charge for free tickets.
Picatic's API provides developers with the framework to build registration and ticketing into their own apps.
Additionally, Picatic offers tools to supplement event planning. These include an app to monitor inventory or attendance lists from mobile devices, widgets to embed on company or individual webpages, online guest surveys, and others. Picatic also provides back-end management tools which allow planners to manage all aspects of an event from one location. Event planners are able to receive daily or weekly sales reports, manage tickets and refunds, email guests through the Picatic website, and provide updates.
The company has been called “the Kickstarter of events” in the past, though now focuses entirely on its ticketing platform having removed its crowdfunding feature in 2015.
Recognition
Picatic unwittingly provided the punch line for an Internet sensation in 2012. Lisa Dutton, an anchor for a local news show in Saskatoon, mispronounced the company name during a broadcast. Dutton told viewers that ticket for a sausage-eating contest could be purchased at “”. This video went viral. Picatic reported a large spike in Internet traffic to the website following this event.
In 2012, Extreme Startups selected Picatic as one of five start-ups to receive funding and support. As part of this cohort, Picatic receives seed money, mentorship and administrative and legal support for one year.
Follow Extreme Startups, Picatic was selected to join the General Assembly at the CTA@NYC in order to further expand their brand and business.
References
External links
Picatic.com
Entertainment companies established in 2008
Ticket sales companies
St. James Town (sometimes misspelled St. Jamestown) is a neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It lies in the northeast corner of the downtown area. The neighbourhood covers the area bounded by Jarvis Street to the west, Bloor Street East to the north, Parliament Street to the east, and Wellesley Street East to the south.
St. James Town is the largest high-rise community in Canada.
It has been identified as one of 13 economically deprived neighbourhoods within the city.
It consists of 19 high-rise buildings (14 to 32 stories). These residential towers were built in the 1960s. Officially, approximately 17,000 people live in the neighbourhood's 19 apartment towers and 4 low rise buildings, making it one of Canada's most densely populated communities. A majority of the buildings are owned by the Bleeman Family, and were built by Medallion.
History
St. James Town began to grow in the 19th century when it became a semi-suburban area home to the city's middle class. It was also part of the City Liberties bounded roughly by Bloor, Don River, Dundas and Bathurst.
St. James Ward was rezoned in the 1950s, and the nineteenth century homes were leveled, and apartment towers — inspired by Le Corbusier's Towers in the Park concept — were erected. Each tower was named after a major Canadian city with some accommodating over 1000 residents. The 14 story Quebec was completed in 1959, the 18 story Victoria in 1965, and The Toronto's 24 floors in 1967. In the same census time period (1961 - 1971) St. James Town's population grew to 11,462 from only 862.
In the late 1960s, the developers attempted to acquire land south of Wellesley, as far as Carlton Street, to expand the St. James Town development. Many residents of the area resisted, with the support of civic activist and future Mayor of Toronto John Sewell. The St. James Town expansion was cancelled, and the homes that had been demolished were replaced with several housing cooperatives.
The plan for St. James Town's highrises was conceived in the 1950s to house young middle class residents who worked downtown. It was spurred forward by the federal government, which saw city building as a key to the nation's recovery after the Depression and the Second World War. The buildings failed to attract the large number of demographics the developer envisioned, and the neighbourhood was designed without proper amenities to support the spike in density. Parallel to the development of St. James Town were large suburban developments of detached family homes in the Toronto suburbs. Many prospective tenants chose suburban houses in the developing areas of Scarborough, Etobicoke, and North York. After the first generation of tenants left the buildings, the area quickly started attracting tenants of a lower income bracket. Four buildings were later built by the province to provide public housing. The towers are now mostly home to newly arrived immigrant families, with only 33% being born in Canada, according to the 2011 Census.
After the provincial health care restructuring of the mid-1990s, the Princess Margaret Hospital site on Sherbourne Street became available. In 2001, the City of Toronto launched a major initiative to add social amenities in the area and began the construction of a new Toronto Public Library branch and community centre, which opened in 2004 at the corner of Sherbourne and Wellesley. Lanterra Developments has also proposed plans to replace some of the remaining Victorian homes in St. James Town with several more towers.
On September 24, 2010, a fire broke out on the 24th floor of 200 Wellesley St. East (the white building behind the library and community centre). Fourteen people were taken to hospital due to injuries, including three firefighters and two children. Three of the injuries were classed as serious. The cause of the fire was determined to be a cigarette thrown from a balcony above.
In 2013, St. James Town became the host of the world's tallest mural, pending approval by Guinness.
On August 21, 2018, a fire broke out in an electrical box at 650 Parliament St. Two people suffered only minor injuries, but the entire building, containing 1,500 or more people, had to be evacuated. It took six hours to douse the flames. Reports indicated that evacuees would have to wait "several days" before they would be allowed to return. As of May 2019, re-occupancy had been postponed to late that year due to the complexities of restoration work, including the discovery of a "minor amount" of asbestos.
Demographics
Census tract 0065.00 of the 2006 Canadian census covers St. James Town. According to that census, the neighbourhood had 14,666 residents at that time. By the 2011 Canadian census, population had fallen to 13,910.
Average income reported in the 2006 census was $22,341, one of the lowest in Toronto. In the 2011 National Household Survey, the average income of residents in Ontario is reported to be $42,264. When compared to the average income of residents in this Census Tract from the 2011 Census year, this is a difference of $19,923. When further examined against the average income of residents in Canada, whereby it is reported to be $40,650 in the 2011 National Household Survey, the difference remains similar at $18,309. Both of these differences therefore shows us the sharp income disparities in this Census Tract and its resulting socio-economic impacts on its residents (Census 2006, Census 2011). In addition, this can be seen in the income distribution of the neighbourhood in 2011 with 57% of the inhabitants earning less than $19,999 and only 6% earning more than $60,000. In fact the majority of individuals (82.6%) over the age of 15 earn an income of less than $39,999 before tax.
Property ownership in the area is falling. According to census data, in 2006, 50 people owned one of the limited number of older model properties in the area, but by 2011 that number had fallen to 40.
In terms of the 2011 National Household Survey, there was Global Non-Response rate of 21.7% which means that only 25.8% of the population completed the survey. This number is actually higher than the 20% response rate of the 2006 Long Form census, however due to the voluntary nature of the census, the data is not as reliable compared to the mandatory long form census of 2006. This is because when it is a voluntary census rather one required by law, there is a high chance of non-response bias especially as the GNR grows larger which means that there is a higher chance that those who are responding to the voluntary survey is not completely randomized. In comparison to Canada, which has a GNR of 26.1%, and Ontario, which has a GNR of 27.1%, CT5350065.0 has a lower GNR rate which that there may be less of a non-response bias.
Immigration Status
The 2006 census recorded a total of 14,666 residents in St. James Town, 14,606 of whom identified themselves as immigrants. In 2011, the population was recorded at 13,974, a decline of only 632 people. However, only 8,180 people (59%) identified as immigrants on the census, a decline of 6,426 from five years earlier. 8% of the population identified as non-permanent residents and 33% identified as non-immigrants.
Generation Status
According to the 2006 long form census and the 2011 National Household Survey the majority of individuals in St. James Town (census tract 5350065.00) would be categorized as being of first generation status (Statistics Canada, 2006; Statistics Canada, 2011). First generation status applies to people who were born outside of Canada (Statistics Canada, 2011). Second generation refers to people born in Canada but their mother and father were born outside of Canada (Statistics Canada, 2011). The final category, third generation and more, covers people who were born and Canada and both their mother and father were also born in Canada (Statistics Canada, 2011).
The following is a breakdown of the percentages of those considered first, second, and third generation or more in St. James Town in both 2006 and 2011.
2006:
First Generation Status: 78%
Second Generation Status: 8%
Third Generation Status and more: 14%
2011:
First Generation Status: 67%
Second Generation Status: 20%
Third Generation Status and more: 13%
From 2006 to 2011 the biggest change in the generation status occurred in the second-generation category where those considered second generation rose 12% from 8% to 20%. This indicates that individuals that were born in Canada with a mother or father born outside of Canada increased from 2006 to 2011. First generation status, on the other hand, decreased (despite still containing the majority of the population both years) and those considered third generation and more decreased by 1%. It can therefore be concluded that the majority of people living in St. James Town were not born in Canada according to both the 2006 long form census (where they accounted for 78% of those who completed the survey) and the 2011 National Household Survey (where they accounted for 67% of those who completed the survey). This information can be related to previously mentioned data on income and immigration status and diversity.
In 2006 the long form census had a 20% completion rate compared to the 2011 National Household Survey, which had a 25.85% completion rate. Therefore, more people completed the survey in 2011 compared to 2006, but as previously mentioned, one must be aware of a possibility of a non-response bias, meaning those answering the survey might not be random and may have affected the data.
Languages spoken
Due to its cultural and minority demographics, "St. James Town is a world within a block." It is largely filled with immigrants — especially those who arrived in the 1990s. The ten most common languages in the neighbourhood, after English, are:
Tagalog - 8.1%
Tamil - 5.5%
Unspecified Chinese - 2.5%
Mandarin - 2.5%
Korean - 1.9%
Spanish - 1.8%
Russian - 1.8%
Serbian - 1.4%
Bengali - 1.4%
Urdu - 1.4%
Non-residential content
In October 2009, St. James Town contained the following businesses, organizations and institutions:
Rose Avenue Public School, a Toronto Board of Education school for Kindergarten through grade 6, on Ontario Street north of St. James Avenue
a community centre and branch of the Toronto Public Library, at the intersection of Sherbourne Street and Wellesley Street East
a Food Basics at Ontario Street and Wellesley Street East. Previously, a No Frills had also operated at Sherbourne Street and Earl Street, but the grocer lost its lease effective as of July 2013. In October 2015, the owner of the No Frills formerly located on Sherbourne Street reopened a new store two blocks away at the Greenwin Plaza shopping centre located at 345 Bloor Street East.
a FreshCo on Sherbourne Street, on the Eastside near Isabella Street.
three pharmacies, including a Shoppers Drug Mart box store on Sherbourne Street near Howard Street, an independent pharmacy on Howard Street at Bleecker Street, and an independent pharmacy on Ontario Street south of St. James Avenue
at least six convenience stores, two on Howard Street, two on Sherbourne Street, one on Ontario Street south of St. James Avenue, and one on Wellesley Street East
a food bank at the rear of the building on 275 Bleecker Street
The St. James Town Youth Council, a body of community youth who meet regularly to address issues in their community. Currently, they host an annual talent show called "Urban Flair" featuring performances by local youth. This competition allows members of the community to support each other and provides an opportunity for new and upcoming stars to take to the stage.
The St. Jamestown Community Cafe was launched in 2011. This pay-what-you-can cafe hopes to find a permanent home and establish Toronto's first community powered PWYC eating establishment while also providing a place for community members to interact and be entertained. The cafe founders also hope to provide an incubator for other community organizations interested in developing and establishing their own neighbourhood's version of a community powered pwyc cafe.
Notable residents
Olivia Chow, former Member of Parliament and city councillor
Stephan James, actor, most notable for their role as Jesse Owens in the 2016 film Race
See also
Sherbourne (TTC)
List of neighbourhoods in Toronto
References
External links
Research Essay on the construction of St. James Town
Modernist architecture in Canada
Neighbourhoods in Toronto
Public housing in Canada
Ethnic enclaves in Ontario
Urban decay in Canada
In chemistry, a multi-component reaction (or MCR), sometimes referred to as a "Multi-component Assembly Process" (or MCAP), is a chemical reaction where three or more compounds
react to form a single product. By definition, multicomponent reactions are those reactions whereby more than two reactants combine in a sequential manner to give highly selective products that retain majority of the atoms of the starting material.
History and Types Multicomponent Reactions
Multicomponent reactions have been known for over 150 years. The first documented multicomponent reaction was the Strecker synthesis of α-amino cyanides in 1850 from which α-amino acids could be derived. A multitude of MCRs exist today, of which the isocyanide based MCRs are the most documented. Other MCRs include free-radical mediated MCRs, MCRs based on organoboron compounds and metal-catalyzed MCRs.
Isocyanide based MCRs are most frequently exploited because the isocyanide is an extraordinary functional group. It is believed to exhibit resonance between its tetravalent and divalent carbon forms. This induces the isocyanide group to undergo both electrophilic and nucleophilic reactions at the CII atom, which then converts to the CIV form in an exothermic reaction. The occurrence of isocyanides in natural products has also made it a useful functional group. The two most important isocyanide-based multicomponent reactions are the Passerini 3-component reaction to produce α-acyloxy carboxamides and the Ugi 4-component reaction, which yields the α-amino carboxamides.
Examples of three component reactions:
Alkyne trimerisation
Biginelli reaction
Bucherer–Bergs reaction
Gewald reaction
Grieco three-component coupling
Hantzsch pyridine synthesis
Kabachnik–Fields reaction
Mannich reaction
Passerini reaction
Pauson–Khand reaction
Petasis reaction
Strecker amino acid synthesis
Ugi reaction
Asinger reaction
A3 coupling reaction
The exact nature of this type of reaction is often difficult to assess, in collision theory a simultaneous interaction of 3 or more different molecules is less likely resulting in a low reaction rate. These reactions are more likely to involve a series of bimolecular reactions.
New MCR's are found by building a chemical library from combinatorial chemistry or by combining existing MCR's. For example, a 7-component MCR results from combining the Ugi reaction with the Asinger reaction. MCR's are an important tool in new drug discovery. MCR's can often be extended into combinatorial, solid phase or flow syntheses for developing new lead structures of active agents.
See also
A tandem reaction is a consecutive series of intramolecular organic reactions.
References
External links
Multicomponent reactions
Presentation on Multicomponent Reactions
Chemical kinetics
Chemical synthesis
Hustler TV is a subscription based adult entertainment pay television channel distributed throughout Europe via digital cable as naxoo (in Switzerland) and satellite television. It is owned by the Dutch-based company Sapphire Media International BV.
Hustler TV and Hustler HD 3D offers hardcore pornography aimed at a straight male audience. It is the sister channel to Blue Hustler who specializes in softcore pornography.
See also
Blue Hustler
Hustler TV (US)
Hustler TV Canada
References
External links
British pornographic television channels
Pornographic television channels
The following is a list of state forests in Indiana.
See also
Indiana Department of Natural Resources
List of Indiana state parks
List of Indiana state lakes
List of U.S. National Forests
Indiana
State forests
Sääsküla may refer to several places in Estonia:
Sääsküla, Harju County, village in Kõue Parish, Harju County
Sääsküla, Järva County, village in Ambla Parish, Järva County
Sääsküla, Tartu County, village in Luunja Parish, Tartu County
Football Federation of Sumshchyna is a football governing body in the region of Sumy Oblast, Ukraine. The federation is a member of the Football Federation of Ukraine.
The regional championships and cup competitions are officially conducted since 1952.
The first mentioning of football game on territory of Sumy Oblast is traced to 1916 when the local daily newspaper "Sumskyi Visnyk" (Sumy Herald) on 25 May 1916 published an article about a tournament or collection of exhibition games where local team of Slavia played against some weaker local teams. On 1 June 1916 the same newspaper published an article about another game of Slavia against visiting Feniks from Kharkiv where the local team was victorious 4:3. The article also mentioned that Slavia played against another Kharkiv team in 1915. At that time Sumy Oblast did not exist and its territory was part of Chernigov Governorate and Kharkov Governorate.
There is information that football regional championships were conducted as soon as there was created Sumy Oblast in 1939. However, there is not enough information available about earlier championships.
Previous Champions
1952 Mashynobudivnyk Sumy (1)
1953 Torpedo Sumy (1)
1954 Torpedo Sumy (2)
1955 Khimik Shostka (1)
1956 Nasosnyk Sumy (1)
1957 Burevisnyk Shostka (1)
1958 Nasosnyk Sumy (2)
1959 Avanhard Shostka (1)
1960 Avanhard Konotop (1)
1961 Ekran Shostka (1)
1962 SVADKU Sumy (1)
1963 Torpedo Sumy (3)
1964 Elektron Romny (1)
1965 Ekran Shostka (2)
1966 Kharchovyk Sumy (1)
1967 Kharchovyk Sumy (2)
1968 Shakhtar Konotop (1)
1969 Kharchovyk Sumy (3)
1970 SVADKU Sumy (2)
1971 Frunzenets Sumy (1)
1972 Frunzenets Sumy (2)
1973 Frunzenets Sumy (3)
1974 Svema Shostka (1)
1975 Frunzenets Sumy (4)
1976 Elektron Romny (2)
1977 Frunzenets Sumy (5)
1978 Frunzenets Sumy (6)
1979 Frunzenets Sumy (7)
1980 Frunzenets Sumy (8)
1981 Frunzenets Sumy (9)
1982 Lyvarnyk Sumy (1)
1983 Spartak Okhtyrka (1)
1984 Yavir Krasnopillya (1)
1985 Frunzenets Sumy (10)
1986 Avtomobilist Sumy (1)
1987 Frunzenets Sumy (11)
1988 FC Mayak Sumy (1)
1989 Frunzenets Sumy (12)
1990 Avtomobilist Sumy (2)
1991 Viktoriya Lebedyn (1)
1992 Syrzavod Hlukhiv (1)
1993 Spartak Okhtyrka (2)
1994 Svema Shostka (2)
1995 FC Shostka (3)
1995-96 Elektron Romny (3)
1996-97 Kharchovyk Popivka (1)
1997-98 Naftovyk-2 Okhtyrka (1)
1998-99 Frunzenets Sumy (13)
2000 Elektron-2 Romny (1)
2001 Shakhtar Konotop (2)
2002 Naftovyk-2 Okhtyrka (2)
2003 Naftovyk-2 Okhtyrka (3)
2004 Shakhtar Konotop (3)
2005 Naftovyk-2 Okhtyrka (4)
2006 Shakhtar Konotop (4)
2007 Shakhtar Konotop (5)
2008 Naftovyk-2 Okhtyrka (5)
2009 Shakhtar Konotop (6)
2010 ONPR–Ukrnafta Okhtyrka (6)
2011 FC Druzhba(1)
2012 Shakhtar Konotop (7)
2013 ONPR–Ukrnafta Okhtyrka (7)
2014 Ahrobiznes TSK Romny (1)
2015 Ahrobiznes TSK Romny (2)
2016 Ahrobiznes TSK Romny (3)
2017 Ahrobiznes TSK Romny (4)
2018 Alians Lypova Dolyna (1)
2019 LS Group Verkhnya Syrovatka (1)
Top winners
13 – Frunzenets Sumy
9 – ONPR–Ukrnafta (Naftovyk-2) Okhtyrka
7 – Shakhtar Konotop
4 – Elektron Romny (including Elektron-2)
4 – Ahrobiznes TSK Romny
3 – 3 clubs (Torpedo, Kharchovyk S., (Svema) Shostka)
2 – 4 clubs (Nasosnyk, Ekran, SVADKU, Avtomobilist)
1 – 14 clubs
Professional clubs
FC Dynamo Sumy, 1946
FC Frunzenets-Liha-99 Sumy (Avangard, Spartak), 1960-1967
See also
FFU Council of Regions
References
External links
Official website. Football Federation of Sumshchyna
Football in the regions of Ukraine
Football governing bodies in Ukraine
Sport in Sumy Oblast
IEC 62351 is a standard developed by WG15 of IEC TC57. This is developed for handling the security of TC 57 series of protocols including IEC 60870-5 series, IEC 60870-6 series, IEC 61850 series, IEC 61970 series & IEC 61968 series. The different security objectives include authentication of data transfer through digital signatures, ensuring only authenticated access, prevention of eavesdropping, prevention of playback and spoofing, and intrusion detection.
Standard details
IEC 62351-1 — Introduction to the standard
IEC 62351-2 — Glossary of terms
IEC 62351-3 — Security for any profiles including TCP/IP.
TLS Encryption
Node Authentication by means of X.509 certificates
Message Authentication
IEC 62351-4 — Security for any profiles including MMS (e.g., ICCP-based IEC 60870-6, IEC 61850, etc.).
Authentication for MMS
TLS (RFC 2246)is inserted between RFC 1006 & RFC 793 to provide transport layer security
IEC 62351-5 — Security for any profiles including IEC 60870-5 (e.g., DNP3 derivative)
TLS for TCP/IP profiles and encryption for serial profiles.
IEC 62351-6 — Security for IEC 61850 profiles.
VLAN use is made as mandatory for GOOSE
RFC 2030 to be used for SNTP
IEC 62351-7 — Security through network and system management.
Defines Management Information Base (MIBs) that are specific for the power industry, to handle network and system management through SNMP based methods.
IEC 62351-8 — Role-based access control.
Covers the access control of users and automated agents to data objects in power systems by means of role-based access control (RBAC).
IEC 62351-9 — Key Management
Describes the correct and safe usage of safety-critical parameters, e.g. passwords, encryption keys.
Covers the whole life cycle of cryptographic information (enrollment, creation, distribution, installation, usage, storage and removal).
Methods for algorithms using asymmetric cryptography
Handling of digital certificates (public / private key)
Setup of the PKI environment with X.509 certificates
Certificate enrollment by means of SCEP / CMP / EST
Certificate revocation by means of CRL / OCSP
A secure distribution mechanism based on GDOI and the IKEv2 protocol is presented for the usage of symmetric keys, e.g. session keys.
IEC 62351-10 — Security Architecture
Explanation of security architectures for the entire IT infrastructure
Identifying critical points of the communication architecture, e.g. substation control center, substation automation
Appropriate mechanisms security requirements, e.g. data encryption, user authentication
Applicability of well-proven standards from the IT domain, e.g. VPN tunnel, secure FTP, HTTPS
IEC 62351-11 — Security for XML Files
Embedding of the original XML content into an XML container
Date of issue and access control for XML data
X.509 signature for authenticity of XML data
Optional data encryption
See also
IEC TC 57
List of IEC Technical Committees
External links
Application of the IEC 62351 at IPCOMM GmbH
Report about the implementation of IEC 62351-7
62351
Electric power
Computer network security
Pamiria is a Palearctic genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Listed alphabetically:
Pamiria chitralensis (Tytler, 1926) Kashmir
Pamiria chrysopis (Grum-Grshimailo, 1888) Hindu Kush, Pamirs
Pamiria farazi (Pagès & Charmeux, 1997) Pakistan
Pamiria galathea (Blanchard, [1844]) Himalaya
Pamiria issa Zhdanko, 1995 Hindu Kush
Pamiria margo Zhdanko, 2002
Pamiria metallica (C. & R. Felder, [1865]) Himalaya
Pamiria omphisa (Moore, [1875]) Himalaya, North China
Pamiria selma (Koçak, 1996) Himalaya
References
External links
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Kenny "Blues Boss" Wayne (born Kenneth Wayne Spruell, November 13, 1944) is an American blues, boogie-woogie and jazz pianist, singer and songwriter. Music journalist, Jeff Johnson, writing in the Chicago Sun-Times stated, "There's no boogie-woogie-blues piano man out there today who pounds the 88's with the conviction of Kenny "Blues Boss" Wayne."
Biography
Wayne was born in 1944 in Spokane, Washington, but they relocated with their family to San Francisco, California at an early age. Their parents alternatively advised for and against the blues, but their mother's influence led Wayne to be influenced early by Nat King Cole, Little Willie John, and Fats Domino. The family moved in turn to New Orleans, Los Angeles and Compton, California. While they were growing up, Wayne drew further inspiration from The Three Sounds, George Shearing, Erroll Garner, Cal Tjader, Mongo Santamaría, Ray Charles, Charles Brown, Floyd Dixon, Big Joe Turner, and Jimmy Reed.
Based in Los Angeles during the 1960s and 1970s, Wayne was utilised as a sideman by various pop and rock musicians. In the 1980s Wayne relocated again to Vancouver, British Columbia. "Blues Boss" (his nickname was acquired from the title of Amos Milburn's comeback album with Motown Records) undertook a tour of Europe in 1994. Wayne dedicated their debut album to their parents, and 2002 heralded the issue of 88th & Jump Street, followed by Blues Carry Me Home (2003) and Let It Loose (2005).
Their festival appearances have included Edmonton's Labatt Blues Festival (2004), Koktebel Jazz Festival (2006) and Southside Shuffle in Port Credit, Ontario (2015).
In May 2008, Wayne issued their album, Can't Stop Now. Wayne's recent release, Rollin' with the Blues Boss (2014), included guest contributions from Diunna Greenleaf and Eric Bibb. Wayne's 2016 release, Jumpin' & Boppin''' featured guitarist Duke Robillard.
Juno Awards
Nominated in 1997 for 'Best Blues/Gospel Album,' and in 1999 and 2003 for 'Best Blues Album,' Wayne was presented with a Juno Award in 2006 for Let It Loose.
Discography
SoloAlive & Lose (1995) - Blue RootsBlues Boss Boogie (1998) - Real Blues88th & Jump Street (2002) - Electro-FiBlues Carry Me Home (2002) - IsabelLet It Loose (2005) - Electro FiCan't Stop Now (2008) - Electro-FiAn Old Rock on a Roll (2011) - Stony PlainRollin' with the Blues Boss (2014) - Stony PlainJumpin' & Boppin' (2016) - Stony PlainInspired By The Blues (2018) - Stony PlainGo, Just Do It! (2020) - Stony Plain
CompilationsElectro-Fi records presents Piano-Rama (2010) - Electro-FiBig City Back Country Blues (2017) - Brandon Isaak Music
Compilation inclusionsSaturday Night Blues: 20 Years'' (2006) - CBC
See also
List of boogie woogie musicians
List of people from Spokane, Washington
References
External links
Official website
1944 births
Living people
American blues pianists
American male pianists
American blues singers
American jazz pianists
American male singers
Songwriters from Washington (state)
Boogie-woogie pianists
Musicians from Spokane, Washington
Juno Award for Blues Album of the Year winners
Singers from Washington (state)
20th-century American pianists
21st-century American pianists
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Stony Plain Records artists
American male songwriters
Neville Roy Hamilton (19 April 1960 – 9 February 2009) was an English footballer and coach.
Hamilton was born in Leicester and began their career at hometown club Leicester City, making their debut against Manchester United on 27 December 1977. They went on to play five first-team games for Leicester, before leaving to join Mansfield Town in January 1979. Hamilton would go on to play 89 matches for the Stags in two-and-a-half seasons at Field Mill.
In August 1981, Hamilton joined Rochdale, where they spent three seasons, and in the summer of 1984, they joined Wolverhampton Wanderers. However, they never played a competitive match for Wolves, and was forced to retire from the game after suffering a heart attack during pre-season training in 1984.
After their enforced departure from the playing side of the game, Hamilton became a coach. They returned to their first club Leicester City, where they became part of the club's youth department, helping to shape the careers of players like Emile Heskey and Richard Stearman.
Hamilton died on 9 February 2009 at Glenfield Hospital in Leicester, aged 48. They had been hospitalised for a while and had heart surgery the week before their death.
References
1960 births
2009 deaths
English footballers
Footballers from Leicester
Leicester City F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football midfielders
Salicornia virginica (American glasswort, pickleweed) is a halophytic perennial dicot which grows in various zones of intertidal salt marshes and can be found in alkaline flats. It is native to various regions of the Northern Hemisphere including both coasts of North America from Canada to Mexico.
The plant is one of the Salicornia species being tested as biofuel crop as its seeds are composed of 32% oil, and being a halophyte, it can be irrigated with salt water.
Saliconia virginica is classified as a obligate wetland (OBL) species which means it "occurs almost always (estimated probability 99%) under natural conditions in wetlands".
References
virginica
Salt marsh plants
Flora of North America
Flora of Asia
Energy crops
Flora of Europe
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The Russian route R255 is a federal highway in Russia, part of the Trans-Siberian Highway: Novosibirsk-(Tomsk-)Kemerovo-Krasnoyarsk-Tayshet-Irkutsk, 1860 km.
Before 2018, the road was designated as M53.
References
Roads in Siberia
ru:Байкал (автодорога)#М53
William, Bill, or Billy Whelan may refer to:
William Whelan (surgeon) (1808–1865), Chief of the US Bureau of Medicine and Surgery
W. J. Whelan (union leader) (1887–1960), Irish union leader
Billy Whelan (Scottish footballer) (1906–1982), Scottish footballer
William Joseph Whelan (1924–2021), American biochemist, Fellow of the Royal Society
Billy Whelan (1935–1958), Irish footballer
Bill Whelan (born 1950), Irish musician
"Until the End" is a song by American rock band Breaking Benjamin. It was released in October 2007 as the third single from their third album, Phobia. On February 11, 2014, "Until the End" was certified gold by the RIAA, which made the single the then-most commercially successful song by the band. Since then, the band have been awarded with three platinum and six gold singles, one double platinum single, one triple platinum single and one quadruple platinum single in the United States, and one silver single in the United Kingdom.
Release
The song was posted on Breaking Benjamin's Myspace page and said to be a future single on July 10, 2007; its release was announced that same night on The Shallow Bay Radio, Breaking Benjamin's online radio station. The original date was for July 10, 2007, but was moved to October 2. Rhiannon Napier, former girlfriend and ex-wife of Benjamin's, appeared in the music video, where they drowned to the dark tub, to the land of phobia angels staying awake walking in a off-shoulder gothic blue dress and then stared in ghost, then they woke up from a drowning death and they went away.
Track listing
Chart performance
The song debuted at number 35 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in its first week after being released and peaked at number six on that chart. On the Modern Rock chart, the song debuted at number 38 and eventually peaked at number 21 there.
Charts
In the media
"Until the End" was used as a background on the December 18, 2007 broadcast of WWE SmackDown, showcasing the fight between Randy Orton, John Cena and Triple H at WrestleMania XXIV.
The song is featured as a downloadable content part of the Breaking Benjamin track pack in that is released in Guitar Hero 5.
Certifications
References
Breaking Benjamin songs
2007 singles
Hollywood Records singles
Songs written by Aaron Fincke
Songs written by Benjamin Burnley
2007 songs
Pseudatteria heliocausta is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Colombia. The form baccheutis is found in Costa Rica.
References
Moths described in 1912
Pseudatteria
In molecular biology, Endoribonuclease XendoU refers to a protein domain. This particular entry represents endoribonucleases involved in RNA biosynthesis which has been named XendoU in Xenopus laevis (African clawed frog). This protein domain belongs to a family of evolutionarily related proteins. XendoU is a U-specific metal dependent enzyme that produces products with a 2'-3' cyclic phosphate termini.
Function
The endonuclease, XendoU, is highly involved in the biosynthesis of a specific subclass of Xenopus laevis encoded small nucleolar RNAs (snoRNA) which are a large family of non-coding RNAs with essential roles in ribosome biogenesis. Most snoRNAs are encoded in introns and are released through the splicing reaction. Others, instead, produced by an alternative pathway consisting of endonucleolytic processing of pre-mRNA. XendoU, is the endoribonuclease responsible for this activity.
The XendoU-RNA complex is manganese (Mn2+)-independent. This infers that RNA binding and processing activities can be functionally separated since ions are essential for cleavage.
Structure
XendoU is a single-domain protein with roughly globular shape. It contains nine alpha helices and three antiparallel beta sheets; the latter are clustered on one side of the protein.
Homology
XendoU has no homology to any known cellular RNase. However, it has sequence similarity with proteins tentatively annotated as serine proteases.
References
Protein families
Protein domains
Simple Song may refer to:
"Simple Song" (The Shins song), 2012
"Simple Song", a song by Avail rom the 1996 album 4am Friday
"Simple Song", a song by Lyle Lovett from the 1987 album Pontiac
"Simple Song", a song by Miley Cyrus from the 2008 album Breakout
"Simple Song", a song by Passenger from the 2017 album The Boy Who Cried Wolf
"Simple Song#3", a song by Sumi Jo from the 2015 film Youth
See also
Simple (disambiguation)#Songs
Gordon Thomson may refer to:
Gordon Thomson (actor) (born 1945), Canadian actor
Gordon Thomson (rower) (1884–1953), British rower
Gordon Thomson (badminton) (born 1985), Scottish badminton player
Gordon Thomson (Christmas Island administrator), former Shire of Christmas Island; General Secretary of the Union of Christmas Island Workers
See also
Gordon Thompson (disambiguation)
John East Hawley (born 8 May 1954) is an English former professional footballer and coach, who played as a forward. Hawley played for several English clubs: Hull City, Leeds United, Arsenal, Sunderland, Leyton Orient, Bradford City, and Scunthorpe United. They also played for NASL's St. Louis Stars.
At the end of their playing days, Hawley went on to work as a coach in the academy of Nottingham Forest.
Career
Born in Patrington, East Riding of Yorkshire, Hawley first played as a professional footballer in 1972, for Hull City. They were loaned for the 1975–76 season to the St. Louis Stars, rejoining Hull at that season's end.
In 1978, Hawley made the switch for £81,000 to local rivals, Leeds United. Hawley was the Whites' top scorer, scoring 16 goals in 33 appearances. They left in the summer of 1979 for Sunderland, for £200,000.
In 1981, they moved to Arsenal for £51,000, where they would make 23 appearances, scoring three times. Whilst on Arsenal's books, Hawley would be loaned to Leyton Orient and Hull City. They left Arsenal in 1983 for Valley Parade, where they helped Bradford City win the Third Division title of 1985. They left Bradford to join Scunthorpe United, with whom they brought their career to a conclusion.
After they retired, Hawley firstly worked in their family's antique business, and then as a coach within the Nottingham Forest academy.
Personal life
While playing for Bradford City, they were involved with rescue efforts during the Bradford City stadium fire. They have been credited with saving the life of a supporter by pulling them to safety. As of 2014 they were running an auctioneering business in East Yorkshire.
Honours
Bradford City
Football League Third Division: 1985
References
1954 births
Living people
People from Patrington
Footballers from the East Riding of Yorkshire
English footballers
Association football forwards
Hull City A.F.C. players
Leeds United F.C. players
Sunderland A.F.C. players
Arsenal F.C. players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Scunthorpe United F.C. players
English Football League players
English expatriate footballers
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
St. Louis Stars (soccer) players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
This is a list of the French SNEP Top 100 Singles, Top 50 Digital Singles, Top 200 Albums and Top 50 Digital Albums number-ones of 2008.
Number-ones by week
Singles chart
Albums chart
See also
2008 in music
List of number-one hits (France)
List of artists who reached number one on the French Singles Chart
References
Number-one hits
France
2008
Lovesick on Nana Street (translit. Hole Ahava B'Shikun Gimel) is a 1995 Israeli comedy drama film directed by Savi Gabizon. It stars Moshe Ivgi, Hana Azulay-Hasfari, Avigail Arieli and Menashe Noy. Critically acclaimed, it won the Ophir Award for Best Film, and awards internationally at Mannheim and São Paulo. The film was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 68th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
See also
List of submissions to the 68th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Israeli submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1995 films
Israeli comedy-drama films
1995 comedy-drama films
1990s Hebrew-language films
A knowledge balance sheet is an instrument for structured identification, representation and development of intellectual capital. It shows the connections between organizational goals, business processes, intellectual capital and business success. It is able to reveal the mutual influence between the factors of success and the most efficient investment levers, specifies the strategic direction for knowledge management processes and checks the degree to which they have been implemented.
Two views
View from the
outside as a reporting instrument: stakeholders obtain reliable data on the intangible assets and on the future-fitness of the enterprise.
inside as a management instrument: the measurement and assessment of the intellectual capital can be systematically controlled, developed and reflected upon.
Benefits
uncovering weak spots and potentials for maximizing business success
transparency
cost/benefit ratio of knowledge development
communication with shareholders
organizational development
capital acquisition
cooperation
customer orientation
understanding of interrelationships
synergies with existing mgmt. systems (QM, risk mgmt.)
Indirect benefits
gathering and definition of intellectual capital allows clearer communication
employees understand their company better
process optimization and innovation
increased attractiveness for employees and cooperation partners
Prerequisites
Management systems should already be utilized
Management (openness, willingness to talk/engage dialog, recognition)
openness for employees
anxiety-free corporate culture
documented and communicated business strategy
Criticism
Lack of generally recognized system
generally not verified by auditors
connection between knowledge balance sheet and future revenue opportunities difficult to verify
may exacerbate the asymmetry of knowledge between management and outside stakeholders
possible misuse as a marketing instrument
See also
Information management
Balance sheet
References
Knowledge management
The Columbus Division of Police (CPD) is the main policing unit for the city of Columbus, Ohio, in the United States. It is the largest police department in the state of Ohio, and among the twenty-five largest in the United States. It is composed of twenty precincts and numerous other investigative and support units. Chief Elaine Bryant assumed leadership of the Division in 2021. Special units of the Columbus Division of Police include a Helicopter Unit, Canine Unit, Mounted Unit, Community Response Teams, Marine Park Unit, and Special Weapons and Tactics Team (SWAT).
As of June 2020, the Division was staffed with roughly 1,885 sworn police officers and 325+ civilian staff. In comparison in 2016, the staffing was reported as 1,848 sworn officers and 416 civilian staff. The estimated total budget in 2016 was $310,139,284.
History
The department was founded in 1816, when town marshals patrolled the city streets. In 1860, the marshals began operating out of the Central Market, sharing offices with city officials. In April 1873, the city organized the Metropolitan Police. Its first captain, Alexis Keeler, served for one year, and oversaw 19 night officers and six day officers. In 1879, the department opened its second headquarters, a station at the Columbus City Prison. The department and prisoners moved to the city workhouse in Franklinton in 1920. This building was severely damaged by a tornado in May 1929. Walls fell on 162 jail cells, killing two prisoners. In 1930, the department opened the Central Police Station, a new larger building, still extant. Finding the space too small by the 1990s, the department opened the current Columbus Division of Police Headquarters in 1991.
Training
The division's police academy is the James G. Jackson Police Training Academy. The program involves 31 weeks of training at the academy, followed by 15 weeks of field training. Some recruits at the academy train to join the Columbus police, but the academy also serves other police departments in central Ohio. Standards and testing for police are set by the statewide Ohio Peace Officer Training Academy.
Structure
The Columbus Division of Police has a total of six subdivisions. The subdivisions include Patrol Operations, Public Accountability, Criminal Investigations, Support Services, Community Services and Special Operations. Each subdivision is commanded by a deputy chief. As the Division has grown in size the number of subdivisions has increased. , the Division had 460 marked patrol vehicles, 410 unmarked vehicles, 31 motorcycles, 154 bicycles, five boats, ten horses, twelve police dogs, and five helicopters.
Rank structure
Current rankings are as follows: (generally as of 2021)
Community Services Subdivision
Community Services Subdivision [formerly Patrol Operations] is divided into two Subdivisions. Deputy Chief Jennifer Knight supervises the Community Services North Subdivision while Deputy Chief Gregory Bodker supervises the Community Services South Subdivision. There are five Patrol Zones that cover all geography areas of the City. These zones are further divided into twenty precincts. The two Community Services Subdivisions are the largest by staffing within the Division. Uniformed Patrol Officers handle dispatched calls for service from residents and patrol the incorporated area.
Public Accountability Subdivision
The Public Accountability Subdivision includes the Fiscal Management Bureau, Human Resources Bureau, Professional Standards Bureau, and Internal Affairs Bureau. Background Investigations for police recruits falls within this subdivision as well.
Criminal Investigations Subdivision
The Criminal Investigations Subdivision's Deputy Chief is Timothy Becker. The Criminal Investigations Subdivision includes Major Crimes Bureau, Drug Crimes Bureau, and Special Victims Bureau. Homicide, Robbery, Gun Crimes, Drug Task Forces, Sexual Assault and Missing Persons are only some of the investigative units assigned under this subdivision.
Support Services Subdivision
The Support Services Subdivision includes the following bureaus: Forensics, Records Management, Support Operations and Wellness. The Crime Lab, Records, Identification, Evidence Room, Impound Lot and Court Liaison units report to this deputy chief.
Community Services Subdivision
The Community Services Subdivision houses the Community Response Bureau, Property Crimes Bureau and the Training Bureau. The Recruiting Unit, Community Liaison, General Detectives and the Academy Training staff all work under this subdivision.
Special Operations Subdivision
This Subdivision's Deputy Chief is Kenneth Kuebler. The Special Operations Subdivision includes the Communications Bureau, Special Services Bureau, and Traffic Bureau. The 911 Call Center, SWAT, Homeland Security and Special Events are managed in this subdivision The City of Columbus announced that in 2021 the Communications Bureau would be transferred to the Public Safety Department. It will be led by a civilian supervisor and will provide services to the Fire and Police Divisions.
Chiefs of Police
The department's current chief of police is Elaine Bryant. Previous chiefs include Thomas Quinlan - appointed 2019, Kimberley Jacobs - appointed 2012, Interim Chief Gammill - appointed 2012, Distelzweig - appointed 2009, James G. Jackson - appointed 1990, D. Joseph - appointed 1983, Burden - appointed 1972, and W. Joseph appointed 1970.
Funding and overruns
The City of Columbus plans to spend $359 million on the department in 2020, including $332 million in personnel costs. This is contrasted by Cleveland at $218 million and Cincinnati at $151 million. The city has spent about $300 million each year on the department. 2019 costs include $345 million for police, $266 million for fire, $40 million in development (planning, housing, administration, etc.) $24 million for the health department, $5 million for the neighborhoods department, $40 million for recreation and parks, $31 million for trash collection, and about $31 million on its municipal court.
The department was criticized in 2010 for funding its officers to become taxpayer-funded millionaires. Upper-management officers, through the Deferred Retirement Option Plan (DROP), can retire at age 48 and receive 60-72 percent of their salary as a pension, and still have the option of working and earning a salary. The program allows these officers to receive lump sums of $1 million, with annual raises of 3 percent. Individual officers living to age 78 are eligible to collect $3.25 million from taxpayers through the program, with only $74,000 contributed from the officer. The DROP program is kept largely secret, with no official estimate of the overall expense.
The Deferred Retirement Option Plan (DROP) was first requested by the Ohio Chief of Police and Ohio Fire Chiefs as a means to retain trained and seasoned employees. This optional benefit allows members who are eligible to retire to stay on duty serving their communities for up to eight years. Although different opinions exist concerning the DROP program it has allowed for retention of firefighters and police officers that would have otherwise not been replaced due to budgetary concerns. The program is administered by the Police & Fire Retirement Fund (OP&F). This fund was created in 1965 in an effort to consolidate 454 local public safety pension funds across Ohio. Currently OP&F serves approximately 27,000 active members and more than 30,000 retirees and their beneficiaries. The fund receives monies from active member and their employers and distributes benefits to retirees and other beneficiaries and directed by the Board of Directors.
The department operates six aircraft, including five helicopters. The fleet costs taxpayers $6.55 million a year. The cost of the fleet equals the base salaries for 70 police officers at the top of the nine-year union step schedule of $92,934 a year. Along with the commander of the helicopter unit, there are 20 pilots. In 2021, the unit stirred controversy when one of its helicopters spelled CPD in flight, as viewed in a flight-tracker.
Labor representation
Police officers employed by the city are represented by their local union, Fraternal Order of Police Capital City Lodge No. 9. The union represents police officers in 28 departments in the central Ohio region. Public workers gained the right to organize in 1984.
Misconduct
Several instances of misconduct by Columbus police officers have been reported over the years.
On 21 October 1999, the US Department of Justice filed a lawsuit against the city based on its findings that "CPD officers are engaged in a pattern or practice of using excessive force, making false arrests and lodging false charges, and conducting improper searches and seizures in violation of the Fourth and Fourteenth Amendments to the Constitution." A year later, the DOJ also found that the department engaged in racial profiling. An effort to have the Division sign a Consent Decree failed, in part because the CPD union blocked it. In 2002, a federal judge dismissed the lawsuit after the city made changes on the use of force and the handling of complaints against officers.
The Public Safety Director sometimes rehires police officers it has fired for misconduct. In 2016, Officer Eric Moore was fired for overtime fraud. They were later rehired. In that same year Office Chad Knode was fired for profiting off the sale of city-owned property. An investigation was centered on the misappropriation of items transferred to the Division from the US Department of Defense. They were rehired but their partner in the episode, Officer Steven Dean, was eventually jailed on unrelated charges. In 2017, Officer Zachary Rosen was fired for kicking a handcuffed man in the head. They were rehired after an Arbitrator ruled their firing was not inline with past practice.
In June 2018, officers of the Division's Vice Unit improperly arrested Adult Performer Stormy Daniels at a strip club. The prosecution was declined by the Columbus City Attorney Office. Stormy Daniels has claimed that they had a liaison with Donald Trump before they were elected U.S. president. Later in the year a supervisor who had been recommended for firing by the Chief of Police due to discrimination charges was reinstated by the Safety Director.
In March 2019. Officer Andrew Mitchell, a thirty-one-year veteran of the force, was charged by the United States District Attorney with kidnapping under the color of authority (law).  They are accused of raping women that they had arrested in exchange for their freedom. The Franklin County Prosecutor's Office later acquired state level indictments against Officer Mitchell that involved a shooting and death of a female. The ten-officer, three-supervisor VICE unit that they were a member has since been disbanded. The abolishment of this unit came after a month's long 'stand down' and unit review. The action to disband the unit had been anticipated for some time.
The Columbus Division of Police has been criticized for its aggressive handling of the George Floyd protests happening in Columbus. On May 31, seven cases of excessive police force during the protests were reported by the local news site Columbus Navigator. They include instances of police using pepper spray on protesters walking away or leaving protests and removing a protester's mask in order to spray them. On the following day, Mayor Andrew Ginther and Columbus City Council denounced the police chief and their officers for their aggressive tactics. Ginther created an independent review board for police actions: they ask protesters to report instances of excessive force by police during the protests, to be reviewed by a civilian from the Department of Public Safety's Equal Employment Opportunity Compliance Office. In 2021, a federal judge imposed an injunction on the CPD's use of tear gas and rubber bullets on protestors. The judge found that the department had used violence "random and indiscriminately" against peaceful protestors.
In December 2020, an unarmed man, Andre Hill was killed by Officer Adam Coy. The officer, a seventeen-year veteran of the department was arrested and charged with murder, felonious assault and dereliction of duty. Police officers at the scene had not turned their body cameras on and did not give first aid to the dying man.
See also
Government of Columbus, Ohio
Killing of Andre Hill
Killing of Ma'Khia Bryant
List of law enforcement agencies in Ohio
References
External links
Organizations based in Columbus, Ohio
Municipal police departments of Ohio
Government of Columbus, Ohio
Juan Daniels (born December 10, 1973) is a former American football wide receiver in the Arena Football League who played for the Nashville Kats. They played college football for the Georgia Bulldogs. They also played in NFL Europe for the Amsterdam Admirals.
References
1973 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Nashville Kats players
Amsterdam Admirals players
Georgia Bulldogs football players
Josef Witt GmbH (Witt-Gruppe) is a mail-order house, located in Weiden, Germany. The company is a 100% subsidiary of the Otto Group. Witt-Gruppe's oldest and best known brand is Witt Weiden.
History
The company is the oldest mail-order house for clothes in Germany. It was founded in 1907 by Josef Witt (1884-1954). Josef Witt is regarded as a pioneer in the mail-order business in Germany.
In 1907 they took over their sister's grocer's store in Reuth bei Erbendorf. This was the beginning of what became later an extremely successful mail-order house.
In the 1930s the business had expanded significantly. The company had a workforce of 5,000 employees; sales raised to 86 million Reichsmarks. After the death of Josef Witt, their wife Monika continued the business operations from 1954 to 1958. Then their son, Josef Witt Jr., took over. Because of a sales crisis in the 1980s, the company was sold to Schwab, a subsidiary of the Otto Group.
The firm had an annual turnover of €1.231 billion in the fiscal year 2021-2022.
The company comprises eleven brands and sells its products in ten countries worldwide. Witt-Gruppe's oldest and best known brand ist Witt Weiden.
Thomas Witt, the grandson of Josef Witt, founded the Museum Witt in Munich. The Witt family has no financial stake in Witt-Gruppe.
External links
Corporate Information (English)
Mail-order retailers
Shetland North is one of the seven wards used to elect members of the Shetland Islands Council. It elects three Councillors.
Councillors
Election Results
2022 Election
2022 Shetland Islands Council election
2017 Election
2017 Shetland Islands Council election
2012 Election
2012 Shetland Islands Council election
2007 Election
2007 Shetland Islands Council election
References
Wards of Shetland
The Togo women's national football team () represents Togo in international women's football since 2006. It is governed by the Togolese Football Federation (FTF), the governing body of football in Togo. The team has played five FIFA-recognised matches, in 2006 and 2007, before reappearing in the 2018 WAFU Women's Cup, set in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. Their manager since January 2018 is Kaï Tomety. Togo's home stadium is the Stade de Kégué, located in Lomé.
Togo has never qualified for a FIFA World Cup but has qualified for the first Africa Women Cup of Nations in 2022. Currently, they are unranked on the FIFA Women's World Rankings for not having played more than five matches against officially ranked teams.
History
Togo did not compete in their first FIFA-sanctioned match until 2006, when they played five games. In their first game, on 19 February, Togo beat São Tomé and Príncipe 3–0. The team beat São Tomé and Príncipe again by a score of 6–0 on 26 February 2006 in Togo. In its next two games, Togo lost 0–9 and 1–3 to Congo. The team has since played just one match. In 2007, the team competed at the Tournoi de Cinq Nations held in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. There, Togo was paired with Mali and Ivory Coast on Pool B. The team lost 0–5 to the Ivory Coast before being disqualified for bringing a club team, MBA Lomé, to the competition in violation of tournament rules.
The team was expected to participate in the 2010 African Women's Championship and was scheduled to play against Mali but withdrew before the competition started. The same occurred in the 2016 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification process, where Togo was drawn with Algeria, but withdrew before playing any game. The team was replaced by Ethiopia, and were excluded from participating in the 2018 edition in Ghana.
Now coached by Kaï Tomety, the Éperviers Dames finally returned to the international competition in the maiden edition of the WAFU Women's Cup, after 11 years of absence. The performance of the new team, however, wasn't good as expected, since they were eliminated in the group stage after suffering heavy defeats to Senegal, Mali and Nigeria. Afi Woedikou scored Togo's only goal in the tournament against the latter, as result of a penalty kick.
Background and development
The national football association, the Togolese Football Federation, was founded in 1960 and became affiliated with FIFA in 1964. The organisation has fifteen staff members focusing on women's football. Football is the fourth-most-popular women's sport in Togo, trailing basketball, handball and volleyball. Football's popularity is growing, however. The country had 380 registered players in 2006, up from 180 in 2000. Women's football was first organised in the country in 2000. By 2006, there were 105 football clubs in Togo, 11 of which were for women only. A national women's competition was created by 2006 and was still operating in 2009. While there are no school, university or regional competitions for women's football, there was an active under-17 women's league in 2009. In 2010, a women's football competition involving 50 women's teams was organised by the German embassy, which provided teams with football kits and footballs.
Team image
Home stadium
The Togo women's national football team plays their home matches on the Stade de Kégué.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
2021
2022
Source: global sport-
Coaching staff
The current coaching staff was announced on 8 January 2018.
Players
Current squad
This is the Final Squad named in June 2022 For 2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Togo squad in the past 12 months.
Previous squads
Africa Women Cup of Nations
2022 Women's Africa Cup of Nations squads
Individual records
Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 2020.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Managers
Honours
Achievements
Women's World Cup record
Olympic Games record
Africa Women Cup of Nations record
African Games record
Tournoi de Cinq Nations record
WAFU Women's Cup record
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
Honours
All−time record against FIFA recognized nations
The list shown below shows the Djibouti national football team all−time international record against opposing nations.*As of xxxxxx after match against xxxx.Key
Record per opponent*As ofxxxxx after match against xxxxx.''
Key
The following table shows Djibouti's all-time official international record per opponent:
See also
Sport in Togo
Football in Togo
Women's football in Togo
References
External links
Togo women's national football team
African women's national association football teams
Maroun Elias Nimeh Lahham (born 20 July 1948, Irbed, Jordan) is a Jordanian Catholic prelate who served as the first Bishop of Tunis from 2005 to 2010, and the first Archbishop of Tunis from 2010 to 2012. They later served as the Patriarchal Vicar to Jordan of the Latin Patriarchate of Jerusalem from 2012 until their retirement in 2017.
Biography
On June 24, 1972, Lahham was ordained a Catholic priest in Jerusalem. They later became Fidei donum in Dubai and vicar and priest in Jordan.
In 1992, Lahham received their PhD in pastoral theology and catechesis in the Pontifical Lateran University. In 1994, they were appointed rector of the Latin Seminary in Beit Jala.
On September 8, 2005, Lahham was appointed Bishop of Tunis by Pope Benedict XVI and was ordained on October 2 of the same year in the parish church of Beit Jala by Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem, Michel Sabbah.
On May 22, 2010, Pope Benedict XVI raised the Diocese of Tunis to an Archdiocese and gave to Lahham the title of Archbishop of Tunis.
Less than two years later, on January 19, 2012, Lahham was recalled to the Middle East where they became Auxiliary Bishop and vicar of the Latin Patriarchate of Jerusalem for Jordan. They received the title of Titular bishop of Madaba and maintained, as an individual, the dignity of archbishop.
On February 6, 2017, Pope Francis accepted the resignation of Lahham as Auxiliary Bishop of Jordan.
Distinctions
Commander of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George
References
External links
jeuneafrique.com
diocesetunisie.org
eglisesfax.blogspot.com.br
catholic-hierarchy.org
1948 births
Living people
Roman Catholic archbishops of Tunis
Jordanian Roman Catholic bishops
People from Irbid
Pontifical Lateran University alumni
The SS John Sherman was a United States sidewheeler ship of the 1870s used for ferry service across Lake Michigan. They went between the states of Michigan and Wisconsin. The ship was the first of the commercial ferries used by the Pere Marquette Railroad for transporting freight and passengers. They preceded additional ferries that ultimately became a fleet of ferries for the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad. It led to the development of the largest train ferry service in the world.
History
The Flint and Pere Marquette Railroad received a land grant in 1857 from the United States government to construct a railroad westwards from Flint, Michigan to the eastern shore of Lake Michigan. As early as 1859, a railroad ferry service across Lake Michigan was considered as a shorter route to Wisconsin rather than going all the way around the south end of Lake Michigan. The western terminus of the new railroad could have been in either Oceana County or Mason County, Michigan. Through the influence of James Ludington (founder of the village of Pere Marquette) the western terminus of the railroad was determined to be at Mason County where the village of Pere Marquette was located. The railroad received its "Pere Marquette" portion of its name from the village in northwestern Michigan. The village was renamed "Ludington" in 1873. The railroad was completed on December 18, 1874.
A privately owned side-wheel steamboat, John Sherman had already started a ferry service across Lake Michigan in 1873. The railroad company hired the cross-lake ferry service from Ludington to Sheboygan, Wisconsin, on June 25, 1874. They then initiated a public commercial package freight service across Lake Michigan on May 31, 1875.
The vessel was long. It shuttled packaged freight, grain, and people across Lake Michigan between Ludington and Sheboygan, Wisconsin. The ship commander was Captain John W. Steward.
After the one season in 1875 the vessel was found to be too small for the volume of freight on the route and was discontinued. The craft was then rebuilt in 1877 as a passenger steamer operating out of Detroit. In 1879, they were made into a barge and served that purpose until 1893 when they were scrapped. When they were converted into a barge their engines were not used and went into the boat Alaska and then in 1890 into the boat Frank E. Kirby.
In 1882, the F&PM railroad company had built two wooden freighters to replace John Sherman. They were numbered #1 and #2 and shuttled packaged freight, bulk grain, and passengers between Ludington and Milwaukee. Other vessels were added to the fleet as the years went on and were given the next highest number sequentially as they were added. The railroad company fleet of steamers started carrying complete train freight cars in 1896 and became Pere Marquette Railroad's train ferry fleet—largest in the world by 1905. This ultimately became the Chesapeake and Ohio's Lake Michigan fleet, the world's largest and fastest lake carferries.
Description
The vessel was a break-bulk transporter. That meant that the freight was unloaded from the rail car and loaded onto the ship by hand, rather by packages or by bulk into large ship containers. The freight material was then transported across Lake Michigan. At the other end the freight was unloaded by hand and reloaded into other freight cars at the port the vessel arrived at. All the cross-lake ferries until 1896 were of this type.
References
External links
Rails That Sail
Maritime Museums
Pere Marquette Historical Society
Pere Marquette Railway
Members of the Legislative Assembly of Western Samoa were elected on 15 November 1957. The 46 members consisted of 41 Samoans elected in single-member constituency and five Europeans elected from a nationwide constituency.
List of members
References
1957
The Annual Review of Information Science and Technology was relaunched by the Association for Information Science and Technology's Board of Directors in 2021, following a 10-year publishing hiatus. Previously, this annual review journal was published from 1966 to 2011. It was established in 1965 by the American Documentation Institute and the National Science Foundation, at the request of Helen Brownson. It published review articles rather than empirical research articles. Its last (2010) impact factor was 2.000. It was for 45 years "the main forum for scholarly review articles in information science."
Publishers and editors
The current editor is Lisa M. Given, Professor of Information Sciences at RMIT University. The first editor-in-chief was Carlos A. Cuadra (System Development Corporation). From Vol. 11 (1976) - vol. 35 (2001) editor-in-chief was Martha E. Williams; from Vol. 36 (2002) to Volume 45 (2011) the editor was Blaise Cronin.
The first publisher was Encyclopædia Britannica, Inc.; since Vol. 26 (1991) it was published by Information Today, Inc. on behalf of American Society for Information Science and Technology.
References
Further reading
ASIST (2021), ARIST relaunches following 10-year hiatus
ASIST (2010), ARIST to cease publication following 2011 volume
Bawden, David (2010). Alas poor ARIST: reviewing the information sciences. Journal of Documentation, 66(5), 625-626.
Cronin, B. (2010), “Advances in information science”, Journal of the American Society for Information Science and Technology, Vol. 61 No. 4, p. 639
Heilprin, L. B. (1988). Annual Review of Information Science and Technology (ARIST): Early historical perspectives. Journal of the American Society for Information Science, 39(4), 273-280.
Information science journals
Publications established in 1965
Publications disestablished in 2011
Annual journals
English-language journals
Wiley (publisher) academic journals
Sharon Valley may refer to:
Sharon Valley, California
Sharon Valley, Connecticut
Sharon Valley, Israel
Andre Elton Hardy (born November 28, 1961) is a retired American football running back who played in the National Football League. They played for the Philadelphia Eagles in 1984, the Seattle Seahawks in 1985, and the San Francisco 49ers in 1987. They were drafted by the Eagles in the fifth round of the 1984 NFL Draft. They played college football at Weber State and St. Mary's.
College career
Hardy played college football at St. Mary's and Weber State.
Professional career
Philadelphia Eagles
Hardy was selected by the Philadelphia Eagles in the fifth round (116th overall) of the 1984 NFL Draft. They played in six games for the Eagles during the 1984 season. They had 14 rushes for 41 yards and two receptions for 22 yards. They were released on September 4, 1985, after the Eagles acquired Earnest Jackson from the San Diego Chargers.
First stint with Seahawks
On October 9, 1985, Hardy was signed by the Seattle Seahawks. They were released on November 6 after playing in three games for the Seahawks.
San Francisco 49ers
Hardy signed with the San Francisco 49ers in 1987.
Second stint with Seahawks
Hardy was traded by the 49ers to the Seattle Seahawks in exchange for future draft picks on October 7, 1987. They were re-signed on May 12, 1988. They were released on August 23, 1988.
Personal life
Hardy's son Andre Hardy Jr. signed as an undrafted free agent tight end with the Oakland Raiders attempting to play football after playing college basketball.
References
1961 births
Living people
Players of American football from San Diego
American football fullbacks
Weber State Wildcats football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Seattle Seahawks players
San Francisco 49ers players
National Football League replacement players
Hatlestrand Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Kvinnherad Municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Hatlestrand. It is the church for the Hatlestrand parish which is part of the Sunnhordland prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white, wooden church was built in a long church design in 1885 using plans drawn up by the architects Conrad Fredrik von der Lippe and Kjartan Imsland. The church seats about 140 people.
History
The new parish of Hatlestrand was established in 1885 when it was separated from the Ølve Church parish. The new parish included the northern portion of Kvinnherad municipality located on the west side of the fjord. A new church was built in the village that same year. This would be the first church in this village. It was designed by Conrad Fredrik von der Lippe and Kjartan Imsland. The new building was consecrated in 1885.
See also
List of churches in Bjørgvin
References
Kvinnherad
Churches in Vestland
Long churches in Norway
Wooden churches in Norway
19th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1885
1885 establishments in Norway
The 1994 Helena state by-election was a by-election for the seat of Helena in the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia held on 10 September 1994. It was triggered by the resignation of Gordon Hill (the sitting Labor member) on 4 August 1994. The election was won by the Liberal Party, with their candidate, Rhonda Parker, recording 52.1 percent of the two-party-preferred vote. Parker became the first woman from the Liberal Party to win a by-election in Western Australia, and the fifth overall. Richard Court's government became the first sitting government to increase its majority at a by-election since 1943, when John Willcock's Labor government won East Perth from an independent.
Background
Gordon Hill had held Helena for the Labor Party since its creation at the 1983 state election, having entered parliament the previous year at the 1982 Swan by-election. They had been appointed to the ministry after the 1986 election, and served under three premiers (Brian Burke, Peter Dowding and Carmen Lawrence). At the 1993 election, Hill had retained their seat with a margin of just 78 votes on the two-party-preferred count. They resigned from parliament on 4 August 1994, with the writ for the by-election issued on 11 August and the close of nominations on 18 August. Polling day was on 10 September, with the writ returned on 15 September.
Results
Aftermath
Parker held Helena until it was abolished at the 1996 state election. They successfully transferred to the new seat of Ballajura, which they held until being defeated at the 2001 election. They served as a minister in the government of Richard Court from 1997. Parker's chief opponent at the by-election, Joe Bullock, was eventually elected to the Senate, where they served from 2014 to 2016.
See also
List of Western Australian state by-elections
Women in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
References
Western Australian state by-elections
Helena state by-election
Helena state by-election
Helena state by-election
Canal Foot is an industrial village in Cumbria, England, on the Leven estuary. It is located by road to the east of the centre of Ulverston. Its name comes from its location being where the Ulverston Canal meets the Estuary.
Canal Foot is best known for its massive GlaxoSmithKline Plant, located in the former North Lonsdale Ironworks which ceased production in 1938. Glaxo Smith bought the plant in 1947 and manufactures penicillin and streptomycin and other medicines. Also of note is the Bay Horse Hotel and Restaurant, which was a staging post for coaches crossing Morecambe Bay during the 18th century. It serves traditional Cumbrian cuisine. It has won several awards, including being named "Cumbrian Inn of the Year" by The Good Hotel Guide in 2008 and "Lake District Hotel of the Year" by Lake District and Lancashire Life in 2000. The point here is called Hammerside Point. Canal Foot is used by anglers, as the water nearby contains a good amount of flounders and some sea bass.
See also
List of places in Cumbria
References
Villages in Cumbria
Ulverston
Nonthaburi Youth Centre Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Nonthaburi province, Thailand. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 6,000 people.
Football venues in Thailand
Multi-purpose stadiums in Thailand
Buildings and structures in Nonthaburi province
Sport in Nonthaburi province
The Canadian federal budget for the 2007–2008 fiscal year was presented to the House of Commons of Canada by Finance Minister Jim Flaherty. Flaherty presented the 2007 budget on March 19, 2007. No income tax or GST cuts were announced but there were tax credits (of up to $310 per child) for some families with children under 18. The federal budget included $14 billion in new spending and $5.7 billion in tax cuts. This was the second budget of the 39th Canadian Parliament.
Since the government held a minority, the budget needed support of at least one opposition party. On March 29, 2007, Bill C-52, the enabling legislation to implement the budget, received First Reading in the House of Commons with the support of the Bloc Québécois. The New Democratic Party and Liberal Party voted against it. The budget passed 174 to 109 in the House of Commons in first reading. It would later pass the second and third readings in June.
Many politicians believe that the changes to equalization disregard the Atlantic Accord. There was speculation that some Atlantic government members would vote against the Budget, but only Bill Casey did, and was subsequently removed from Caucus.
On June 22, 2007, the Senate passed the budget with a vote of 45–21, with only liberal senators from Atlantic Canada and Saskatchewan voting against it. Conservative senator Anne Cools voted against it too, which in turn led to their removal from the Conservative caucus. The bill was given royal assent by the Governor-General, Michaëlle Jean, about two hours after the vote.
Areas of direction
Some of the key items in the budget were:
$39 billion in transfers to provinces for public services and infrastructure
$2000/child tax credit
$9.2 billion in debt reduction
$550 million/year to combat the welfare trap
Subsidies up to $2000 on low-emissions automobiles and excise tax on fuel-inefficient vehicles increased to 4000
$1.5 billion in transfers to provinces for projects that combat climate change and air pollution
$400 million to implement national electronic health records
$612 million to reduce hospital wait times
$300 million for HPV vaccines
$60 million increase in Canadian Forces wages
$600 million for farmer savings plans
$400 million to offset agriculture production costs
Increase in tobacco tax to offset GST reduction
These expenditures and cuts have led to some belief that this is pre-election budget, aimed at enticing voters.
Enhancements to registered savings plans
Increase age limit for RRSPs
$140 million to establish a Registered Disability Savings Plan
Removal of the Registered education savings plan annual contribution limit
Enhancement in the Canada Education Savings Grant
Reception
The Liberals and the New Democrats announced shortly following the presentation of the budget that they would not support in its current form.
Nova Scotian politicians have criticized the new equalization plan, as it cuts back payments on the assumption that various offshore programs will result in increased revenues. Nova Scotia premier Rodney MacDonald has stated that this situation is caused by the few Nova Scotian seats in the Federal Cabinet. This is expected to be a cut of approximately 5 million dollars. Premier MacDonald later urged all their province's MPs to vote against the budget after a letter Flaherty that was published in a Nova Scotia newspaper. 9 of the 11 MPs voted against it in the third reading. After the 2007 passed, the government started to work on a compromise with Nova Scotia to settle the dispute.
Newfoundland and Labrador premier Danny Williams criticized the budget as being a "betrayal" and a violation of the terms of the 2005 Atlantic Accord. Bill Casey, Conservative Member of Parliament for Cumberland—Colchester—Musquodoboit Valley, voted against the budget, because of the unfair equalization formula for Nova Scotia and Newfoundland and Labrador, and the effective cancellation of the Atlantic Accord. They have since been removed from the Conservative caucus.
Quebec Premier Jean Charest had applauded the budget, as their province would receive over $2 billion in additional equalization payment. Parti Québécois leader Andre Boisclair spoke in opposition to the budget, saying that the new money for Quebec was part of an effort to buy votes for the federalist Liberal Party of Quebec before the March 26, 2007 provincial election.
Saskatchewan Premier Lorne Calvert argued that their province will receive no new money and alleged that the Conservatives were favouring Ontario and Quebec at the expense of other provinces, which MP Maurice Vellacott has disputed. Other premiers including New Brunswick's Shawn Graham, British Columbia's Gordon Campbell had some reservations. However, Ontario Premier Dalton McGuinty said that the budget represented "real progress" for their province.
The Mayor of Toronto, David Miller, also criticized the budget for its alleged lack of funding for cities.
Many Ontario-based and Western-Canadian columnists have supported Flaherty's budget, citing figures that indicate that the per capital income in Newfoundland and Nova Scotia has improved significantly, at the expense of Ontario, and that allowing the Maritime provinces to keep both equalization payments and resource revenues would hurt Ontario even more. .
October 2007 economic statement
On October 30, 2007, the Conservatives tabled an economic statement (similar to a mini-budget) and announced various tax cuts and exemptions. Overall, the government proposed a total of $60 billion in tax cuts over five years, including $14 billion in corporate tax cuts by 2012 (or a drop of 33%), a 1% drop of the GST to 5%, an increase of the basic personal tax exemption to $10,100 per year by 2009. The stated goal of the corporate tax cuts was to set Canadian corporate tax rates as the lowest in the G7, although this would require the provinces do match tax cuts. The lowest personal tax rate will be reduced from 15.5% to 15%, effective January 1, 2007 back to the same level as when the Conservatives were elected in 2006. Economists said that with the large surpluses the federal government accumulated as well as high tax levels, there was another room for significant tax cuts.
The opposition parties criticized the mini-budget as the NDP leader Jack Layton mentioned that the budget did little for impoverished Canadians, and that big corporations such as oil companies and major banks will receive hefty tax breaks. The Liberals were critical of the GST cut as being not an efficient tax-relief but did praise the corporate tax cuts. The mini-budget, a confidence motion did pass 127–76 but without support of any opposition party as the Liberals abstained from voting as they did with the Fall 2007 Throne Speech.
During the Throne Speech in October 2007, Harper also addressed issues surrounding the economy because of difficulties in the manufacturing and forest sectors due to the loss of numerous jobs at several companies including the three major automakers in the United States and several smalls to large forest companies over the past few years. On January 10, 2008, the government announced a $1 billion relief fund for single-industry communities that were hit hard by recent closures particularly in the forest and manufacturing industries but also the fishing sector.
References
CBC's report on the budget.
See also
Domestic policy of the Harper government
Canadian budgets
Federal budget
2007 in Canadian law
2007 government budgets
The International Journal of Politics, Culture, and Society is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering political science, social theory, and economics. The editor-in-chief is Patrick Baert (University of Cambridge). It was established in 1987 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
EBSCO databases
Emerging Sources Citation Index
International Bibliography of the Social Sciences
International Political Science Abstracts
ProQuest databases
Scopus
References
External links
English-language journals
Springer Science+Business Media
Publications established in 1987
Quarterly journals
Political science journals
Viejo Marihuano is the seventh studio album from Mexican hip hop group Cartel de Santa. It was released on November 18, 2016, by Sony Music and Babilonia Music. The album has featured guests such as Millonario, Santa Estilo and Bicho Ramirez.
Track listing
Volvió El Sensei
Levé
Bailar y Volar (ft. Millonario)
Desde Cuando
Clika Nostra (ft. Santa Estilo)
Mucha Marihuana
Culón Culito
El Loco Mas Loco
Si Estuviera En Dubai
Somos Chidos (ft. Bicho Ramirez)
Soy Quien Soy
References
2016 albums
Cartel de Santa albums
Sing a Song for You is a folk album released in 1997 by Anne Briggs. It was originally recorded in March 1973 but was initially withheld from release as Anne Briggs reportedly wasn't satisfied with their singing on the album.
The album is the only instance of Anne Briggs recording together with a band. The band was Ragged Robin, a short-lived electric folk outfit founded by folk musician and singer-songwriter Steve Ashley. In October 1996 Briggs commented: "It was a lot of fun playing with Ragged Robin — the only time in my life I've ever worked with a group — they were tolerant of my inability to know what key I was playing or singing in, or even what chords I was playing [if any]!"
Track listing
All tracks composed by Anne Briggs; except where noted.
"Hill's of Greenmor" (Traditional; arranged by Anne Briggs) - 3:15
"Sing a Song for You" - 4:24
"Sovay" (Traditional; adapted by A. L. Lloyd) - 3:14
"I Thought I Saw You Again" - 3:39
"Summer's In" - 5:15
"Travelling Easy" - 4:37
"The Bonambuie" (Traditional; arranged by Anne Briggs) - 4:28
"Tongue and Cheek" - 3:58
"Bird in the Bush" (Traditional; adapted by A. L. Lloyd) - 3:16
"Sullivan's John" (Traditional; arranged by Anne Briggs) - 4:10
Personnel
Anne Briggs – vocals, guitar, Irish bouzouki
Barry Dransfield – violin (5,10)
Ragged Robin - accompaniment (2,4-6,10)
Steve Ashley - vocals, harmonica, whistle
Richard Byers - vocals, guitar, mandolin
Brian Diprose - bass guitar
John Thompson - drums, percussion
References
1997 albums
Anne Briggs albums
Nyamitanga Division is one of the six administrative divisions that make up Mbarara Municipality.
The six divisions that make Mbarara Municipality include, Kamukuzi Division Nyamitanga Division, Kakoba Division, Biharwe Division, Kakiika Division and Nyakayojo Division.
Location
Nyamitanga Division is located west and south of the central business district. It is situated along River Rwizi which separates the division from the Eastern divisions of the city.
It borders with Kamukuzi Division and Kakoba Division in the north, Masha and Birere subcounties of Isingiro District in the south, and Nyakayojo Division in the west.
Nyamitanga Division has size of approximately 2,229 hectares
The division consists of the neighborhoods of Katete, Karugangama, Kitobero, Nyamitanga hill, Nsiikye, and Ruti.
The place is densely populated.
The Mbarara Catholic archdiocese and the Catholic radio, Radio Maria are located in Nyamitanga Division.
Points of Interest
The division has one of the best Schools and Institutions, in Mbarara which include,
Uganda Martyrs University Western Campus
Nyamitanga Institute
Maryhill High School
St Joseph Vocational School
Nyamitanga Secondary School
Katete Primary School
St Agnes Center For Education Primary School
Welden School
Population
In 2002 census Nyamitanga Division was found with 11,622 people, In 2011, estimates showed that the division had 17,272 people. The 2014 census found Nyamitanga with the population of 23,314.
Mbarara District
Populated places in Western Region, Uganda
8th & O is a split light rail station in the Sacramento RT Light Rail system, served by all three lines: Blue, Gold and Green Lines. It is located at the intersection of 8th and O Streets in Downtown Sacramento, California, with the split platforms located on each side of 8th Street where the line splits into one-way couplets. The station is near the historical and cultural district of the city.
Platforms and tracks
Sacramento Regional Transit light rail stations
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1987
Bélisaire is a banned 1767 French novel on the life of the Byzantine general Belisarius by Jean-François Marmontel. It popularised the apocryphal tale of theirs being reduced to beggary by Justinian I despite their great services to the empire, citing it as an example of the ingratitude of those in power towards their faithful servants and indicting the French king Louis XV by proxy as another such ungrateful monarch.
External links
Bélisaire on Gallica
1767 novels
18th-century French novels
French historical novels
Novels set in the 6th century
Novels set in the Byzantine Empire
Novels set in the Middle Ages
is a women's volleyball team based in Sakata, Yamagata, Japan. It plays in V.League Division 2. The club was founded in 2015, and the owner of the team is Shinichi Tamagami of the Prestige International.Prestige also runs basketball and handball teams in Akita and Toyama. Their home arena is Kokutai Gymnasium in Sakata.
Aranmare is a coined word combining arancia and mare ("orange and sea" in Italian).
History
2015 - Founded as Prestige International Aranmare Volleyball Club
2016-17 - Aya Sato won the scoring leader of the league.
2018 - Promoted to V.League Women Division 2
2018-19 - Aranmare placed 4th
League results
Official Record
V・challenge 2
V.LEAGUE
Current squad
2020-21 Squad as of 19 August - 2020
Head coach: Tsutomu Kitahara (北原勉)
{|class="wikitable sortable" style="font-size:100%; text-align:center;"
|-
!style=background:#eb553c;"|
!style="width:13em; background:#eb553c;"|
!style="width:7em; background:#eb553c;""|
!style="width:14em; background:#eb553c;""|
!style="width:8em; background:#eb553c;""|
!style="width:7em; background:#eb553c;""|
!style="width:7em; background:#eb553c;""|
|-
|align=center|1
|align=left| Kaho Kitamura
|align=center|Outside Hitter/Libero
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Kanagawa
|align=center|Kaho
|-
|align=center|3
|align=left| Yuri Kimura
|align=center|Outside Hitter
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Tokyo
|align=center|Yuri
|-
|align=center|7
|align=left| Kaho Kusajima
|align=center|Outside Hitter
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Toyama
|align=center|Saku
|-
|align=center|8
|align=left| Megumi Tamura
|align=center|Setter
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Saitama
|align=center|Megu
|-
|align=center|10
|align=left| Shiiko Yanagisawa
|align=center|Middle Blocker
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Tokyo
|align=center|Shiiko
|-
|align=center|11
|align=left| Sumiko Mori (C)
|align=center|Libero
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Kagoshima
|align=center|Sumiko
|-
|align=center|12
|align=left| Riho Enomoto
|align=center|Outside Hitter
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Kanagawa
|align=center|Kei
|-
|align=center|14
|align=left| Ruka Hosoda
|align=center|Libero
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Nagano
|align=center|Ruka
|-
|align=center|15
|align=left| Hikaru Nagino
|align=center|Setter
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Chiba
|align=center|Nagi
|-
|align=center|16
|align=left| Natsuki Miyamoto
|align=center|Opposite
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Kanagawa
|align=center|Natsuki
|-
|align=center|17
|align=left| Maya Ito
|align=center|Middle Blocker
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Miyagi
|align=center|Maya
|-
|align=center|19
|align=left| Rina Sugawara
|align=center|Middle Blocker
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Akita
|align=center|Rina
|-
|align=center|20
|align=left| Haruki Koizumi
|align=center|Outside Hitter
|align=right|
|align=left|
|align=center|Saitama
|align=center|Haruki
|-
Former players
Nozomi Asakawa
Yuki Egawa Transfer to Ligare Sendai (ja)
Mariko Fujiwara
Yuri Fukuda
Yuki Honma
Serena Ito
Yukiko Matsuo
Miyu Misawa
Kasumi Nakada
Juri Sakurai
Aya Sato (volleyball)
Chisaki Sato
Nashika Sato
Tsubura Satō
Mizuki Tanno
Sayaka Toda
Arenas and practice facilities
Sakata City Kokutaikinen Gymnasium
Komagihara Park Gymnasium
Yamagata Prefectural General Sports Park Gymnasium
The team mostly practice at the small arena of Kokutai Gymnasium.
Gallery
See also
Prestige International Aranmare Akita
Prestige International Aranmare Toyama
References
External links
Official Website
Japanese volleyball teams
Sports teams in Yamagata Prefecture
Volleyball clubs established in 2015
Sakata, Yamagata
Vallelaghi is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Trentino in the Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol.
It was established on 1 January 2016 by the merger of the municipalities of Padergnone, Terlago and Vezzano.
References
Cities and towns in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
Stephen Haughian (born 20 November 1984) is a professional boxer from Lurgan, County Armagh, Northern Ireland.
Amateur career
Haughian had little experience boxing as a senior amateur but did represent Ireland at national level and was victorious over Benjamin Besmi in an international "dual meet" between the Canadian and Irish teams in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada in October 2003.
Professional career
They then turned professional and had their first pro fight in March 2005, which they won at the King's Hall, Belfast in which Haughian beat Belfast fighter James Gorman on points over four rounds on a card that included Eamonn Magee, Andrew Murray, Jim Rock and Neil Sinclair.
Haughian has compiled an impressive record of 16 wins from their 17 outings since turning professional in 2005. The sole blemish on their record remains a controversial points defeat to Giammario Grassellini for the IBF Intercontinental title at the Kings Hall in Belfast in late 2007. Haughian however reversed that result last time out by outpointing their Italian rival decisively on a Bernard Dunne undercard in November 2008.
The Co. Armagh boxer stepped up to the next level when they headlined a first ever pro fight night at the Craigavon Leisure Centre on Saturday, 7 February 2009, it was on this night that haughian became the Irish welterweight champion by stopping the champion Billy walsh from Cork in the third round.
In January 2009 Haughian was nominated in the Prospect of the Year category at the irish-boxing.com National Boxing Awards.
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
People from Lurgan
Irish male boxers
Welterweight boxers
Sociosa macrographa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Myanmar.
References
Moths described in 1951
Polyorthini
Union Sportive Tshinkunku commonly known as US Tshinkunku, is a Congolese football club based in Kananga, Kasaï-Central province, currently playing in the Linafoot, the first level of the Congolese football and their home games are played at Stade des Jeunes.
History
The club was founded in 1954 as Union St-Gilloise.
US Tshinkunku had their first major success in 1985, when they won the National Championship Cup called Cup of Zaire (Coupe du Zaire) when Georges Mwanza Mande, alias Tshikem was the club president.
In 2011, Trésor Kapuku, then the governor of Kasai Occidental brought second title back to the province when they were the president of US Tshinkunku club.
In January 2014 the governor of then Kasai Occidental, Alex Kande Mupompa, was elected as the new club president, two years later, the club performed badly in the league and many fans were not happy with the management committee performance. Alexy Kayembe De Bampende, a long-time fan and a US based business person who lives in Texas invited Georges Mwanza Tshikem to come to rebuild the team. Tshikem went to Kananga where they organized the team and the election for management committee.
On 4 December 2016, club fans and players elected Georges Mwanza Mande, alias Tshikem as club president and Alexy Kayembe De Bampende was elected vice president of Union Sportive Tshinkunku.
Tshikem-Kayembe's vision is to make Tshinkunku a competitive club in national and international level. So far they managed to recruit Congolese qualified coaches to manage the team, Eric Tshibasu, the under-20 DR Congo national team, was hired as a team coach, but was fired three months later. Kayembe approached Jean-Claude Mukanya, the former DR Congo national football team captain to become US Tshinkunku manager. Mukanya signed a three year contract in Kinshasa on 3 July 2017 in front of hundreds of Kinshasa based US Tshinkunku fans.
Honours
Linafoot
Winners (1): 1985
Coupe du Congo
Winners (1): 2011
Kasaï-Occidental Provincial League
Winners (2): 2006, 2007
Performance in CAF competitions
African Cup of Champions Clubs: 1 appearance
1986 – First round
CAF Confederation Cup: 1 appearance
2012 – First round
References
External links
Club logo
Kananga
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Sports clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
The DeGoogle movement (also called the de-Google movement) is a grassroots campaign that has spawned as privacy advocates urge users to stop using Google products entirely due to growing privacy concerns regarding the company. The term refers to the act of removing Google from one's life. As the growing market share of the internet giant creates monopolistic power for the company in digital spaces, increasing numbers of journalists have noted the difficulty to find alternatives to the company's products. Some projects, such as ungoogled-chromium, primarily distinguish themselves from Google-maintained products by their lessened dependence on the company's infrastructure. It can be seen as part of a broader opposition to big tech companies, sometimes referred to as "techlash."
History
In 2013, John Koetsier of Venturebeat said Amazon's Kindle Fire Android-based tablet was "a de-Google-ized version of Android." In 2014 John Simpson of US News wrote about the “right to be forgotten” by Google and other search engines. In 2015, Derek Scally of Irish Times wrote an article on how to "De-Google your life." In 2016 Kris Carlon of Android Authority suggested that users of CyanogenMod 14 could “de-Google” their phones, because CyanogenMod works fine without Google apps too. In 2018 Nick Lucchesi of Inverse wrote about how ProtonMail was promoting how to "be able to completely de-Google-fy your life.” Lifehacker's Brendan Hesse wrote a detailed tutorial on "quitting Google." Gizmodo journalist Kashmir Hill claims that they missed meetings and had difficulties organizing meet ups without the use of Google Calendar. In 2019, Huawei gave a refund to phone owners in the Philippines who were inhibited from using services provided by Google because so few alternatives exist that the absence of the company's products made normal internet use unfeasible. In 2020, Huawei launched Petal as an alternative to Google Search. Also in 2020, Kashmir Hill wrote an article on avoiding large tech companies in which they discussed how disabling Google prevented them from using Dropbox, Uber, Lyft, and Yelp, and described Amazon and Google as "so embedded in the architecture of the digital world that even their competitors had to rely on their services." In 2022, comic artist and activist Leah Elliott published a Creative Commons web comic criticizing Google Chrome's privacy practices, entitled "Contra Chrome."
See also
Criticism of Google
Big Tech
Alt-tech
References
External Links
Framasoft's internet degoogling project: Degooglisons-internet
Internet privacy
Human rights
Criticism of Google
Boycotts of organizations
Hiram Rosado (1911-February 23, 1936) was a member of the Cadets of the Republic, the paramilitary wing of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party who, together with fellow Cadet Elías Beauchamp, carried out the 1936 assassination of Col. Elisha Francis Riggs, the United States appointed chief of the Puerto Rico Police. Both men were arrested and shot, officially while attempting to escape, ar the police headquarters in San Juan. News of the assassinations spread throughout the United States and lead to legislative proposal by U.S. Senator Millard Tydings, to grant independence to Puerto Rico.
Early years
Rosado (birth name: Hiram Rosado Ayala ) was born in the town of Ciales, Puerto Rico. There they received their primary and secondary education. Rosado enjoyed reading and their father, Pedro Rosado would often buy them books. Rosado also had a passion for music and played the violin. After they graduated, Rosado went to work for a company called FERA where they became a supervisor.
Puerto Rican Nationalist Party
The Puerto Rican Nationalist Party was founded by José Coll y Cuchí as a direct response to the American colonial government in 1919, By the 1920s, there were two other pro-independence organizations in the Island, they were the "Nationalist Youth" and the "Independence Association of Puerto Rico". On September 17, 1922, the two political organizations merged into the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party. In 1924, Dr. Pedro Albizu Campos joined the party and on May 11, 1930, Dr. Pedro Albizu Campos was elected president of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party.
Rosado was interested in the cause for Puerto Rican independence and joined the Nationalist Party. They became a member of the Cadets of the Republic (Cadetes de la Republica) where they befriended fellow cadet Elías Beauchamp. The cadets were a quasi-military youth organization of the Nationalist Party also known as the "Liberation Army of Puerto Rico".
Events leading to a massacre
In 1931, the U.S.-appointed Governor of Puerto Rico, Theodore Roosevelt, Jr. named Dr. Carlos E. Chardón as Chancellor of the University of Puerto Rico. In 1935, Chardón initiated a project based on the ideas of Luis Muñoz Marín, who at the time was a Senator in the Puerto Rican legislature and member of the Liberal Party of Puerto Rico. It was known as the Reconstruction of Puerto Rico Project. The plan, which was within the New Deal criteria established by U.S. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt during the Great Depression, was well received and became known as Plan Chardón.
On October 20, 1935, in a political meeting which the Nationalist Party held in the town of Maunabo and which was transmitted by radio, Albizu Campos denounced Chardón, the university deans and the Liberal Party as traitors, saying they wanted to convert the university into an "American" propaganda institution.
On October 23, 1935, a group of students at the university who supported Chardón began to collect signatures for a petition to declare Albizu Campos "Student Enemy Number One." In turn, a protest against the group by the pro-Nationalist faction of students denounced Chardón and the Liberal Party as agents of the United States.
The Río Piedras massacre
On October 24, 1935, a student assembly held at the university declared Albizu Campos as "persona non grata." Chardón requested that the governor provide armed police officers on the university grounds, in case the situation turned violent. Two police officers spotted a "suspicious-looking vehicle" and asked the driver, Ramón S. Pagán, and their friend Pedro Quiñones, for identification. A struggle ensued, and the police killed Pagán and Quiñones. According to the local newspaper "El Mundo" of Oct. 25th, an explosion, followed by gunfire, was heard resulting in the additional deaths of Eduardo Rodríguez Vega and José Santiago Barea. Elisha Francis Riggs, a former Colonel in the United States Army, was the United States appointed police chief of Puerto Rico.>
An eyewitness, Isolina Rondón, testified that they saw the police officers shooting at the victims and heard one police officer screaming "not to let them escape alive." Them testimony was ignored, and no charges were filed against the police officers. The Río Piedras massacre left four men dead.
The assassination of Elisha F. Riggs
Colonel Elisha Francis Riggs was born in Georgetown, a historic neighborhood located in northwest Washington, D.C. Riggs was a former officer in the United States Army who was appointed Chief of the Puerto Rico Police in 1933, by Blanton Winship, the U.S. appointed governor of Puerto Rico. They were an unpopular police chief, stemming from their decisions to repress the growing sugar cane worker's organized labor movement and the Nationalist Pro-Independence Movement.
The Río Piedras Massacre enraged the nationalists including Rosado and Beauchamps. The nationalists believed that Col. Elisha F. Riggs was responsible for the massacre, as the chief of the Puerto Rico Police. Beauchamps decided to retaliate with the help of Rosado.
On Sunday, February 23, 1936, Elisha F. Riggs had attended mass in the Church of Santa Ana in San Juan. When the mass was over, Riggs stepped out of the church and got into their car, a Packard, driven by Angel Alvarez, a police officer. Rosado knew the route which Riggs would normally take and waited. When Riggs' car reached the corner of Allen and Gambaro Streets, Rosado came out of their hideout and began shooting towards Riggs. Rosado then made a run for it, but was soon captured by Alvarez. All the while, Riggs got out of their car and began asking for the declarations of those who witnessed the attempt on their life. They were suddenly approached by Beauchamps who said:
Believing that they had a witness to the events Riggs told Beauchamps that they were headed to the police station and to accompany him. Beauchamps boarded Riggs chauffeured car and shot Riggs in the head killing them instantly. Beauchamp tried to escape and hid inside "Rodriguez y Palacios", a warehouse in Tetuan Street. Both men were arrested and taken to the San Juan police headquarters located in 305 San Francisco Street.
They were not given a fair trial, instead Beauchamps and Rosado were both gunned down in the police station. Beauchamps died immediately and Rosado was transferred to a local hospital. In the hospital their last words to a nurse where:
They later died of the gun wounds which they received. In the aftermath of the killings, the police claimed that the nationalists were shot because they attempted to escape. None of the police officers involved were demoted or suspended.
The news of the assassination of Elisha F. Riggs spread throughout the United States. At that time Puerto Rican Senator, Luis Muñoz Marín, was in Washington, D.C. and Ernest Gruening, the administrator of the Puerto Rico Reconstruction Administration (1935–1937), asked them to condemn Riggs' assassination. Muñoz Marín told Gruening that they would do so only if they were also allowed to condemn the police for murdering the Nationalists in the city police station without a trial.
Post assassination
After Riggs' assassination, many Nationalist Party leaders were imprisoned. Members of the Puerto Rican independence movement came under greater scrutiny and persecution. Among the leaders arrested was Pedro Albizu Campos, These leaders were charged with having "conspired to overthrow" the U.S. government on the island. They were tried in Boston, Massachusetts, as that federal district court had jurisdiction for Puerto Rico. The first trial jury refused to convict, and ended in a hung jury. A second jury was picked, consisting solely of "Anglo-Americans." These jury found every Nationalist charged to be "guilty".
The bodies of both nationalists were returned to their respective families. They were both buried in graves located side by side in the Cementerio Municipal (municipal cemetery) San Jose de Villa Palmeras located in Avenida Eduardo Conde, Villa Palmeras, Santurce, Puerto Rico.
Further reading
"Puerto Rico: Independence Is a Necessity"; by: Rafael Cancel Miranda (Author); Publisher: Pathfinder Press (NY); Booklet edition (February 1, 2001);
"Sembrando Patria...Y Verdades"; by: Rafael Cancel Miranda (Author); Publisher: Cuarto Idearo (January 1, 1998); ASIN: B001CK17D6
"War Against All Puerto Ricans: Revolution and Terror in America's Colony"; Author: Nelson Antonio Denis; Publisher: Nation Books (April 7, 2015); .
See also
List of Puerto Ricans
Boricua Popular Army
Fuerzas Armadas de Liberación Nacional (Puerto Rico)
Notes
References
1911 births
1936 deaths
People from Ciales, Puerto Rico
Puerto Rican rebels
Puerto Rican Nationalist Party politicians
Members of the Puerto Rican Nationalist Party
Puerto Rican Roman Catholics
Puerto Rican prisoners and detainees
Puerto Rican independence activists
Police misconduct in Puerto Rico
Antonello Steardo (born 27 August 1958) is an Italian former water polo player. They competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics, the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Italian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Genoa
The Algerian Records in swimming are the fastest times ever swum by a swimmer representing Algeria. These records are kept/maintained by the Algeria's national swimming federation: Fédération Algerienne de Natation (FAN).
Records are recognized for males and females in the following long course (50m) and short course (25m) events:
freestyle: 50, 100, 200, 400, 800 and 1500;
backstroke: 50, 100 and 200;
breaststroke: 50, 100 and 200;
butterfly: 50, 100 and 200;
individual medley (I.M.): 100 (25m only), 200 and 400;
relays: 4x100 free, 4x200 free, and 4 × 100 medley.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.
Long course (50m)
Men
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
Women
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
Mixed relay
Short course (25m)
Men
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
Women
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
|-bgcolor=#DDDDDD
|colspan=9|
|-
Mixed relay
References
General
Algerian Records 25 January 2020 updated
Specific
External links
FAN web site
Algeria
Records
Swimming
Swimming
The Suede Crocodiles were a Scottish rock band from Glasgow, active from 1983 until 1985. Fronted by singer, songwriter and guitarist Kevin McDermott, the group are best known for their single Stop The Rain. The band was formed in 1982, under their original name, Popgun, with McDermott (vocals, guitar), Davie McCormick (drums), and Ross Drummond (bass/vocals). They were later joined by Roddy Johnson (vocals/guitar).
In 1983, having changed their name to The Suede Crocodiles, they released a single, Stop The Rain, written by McDermott, on the NoStrings record label owned by Nick Low and Grahame Cochrane. Low had started managing the band after seeing Popgun perform at The Venue, Glasgow, in 1982.
In 1982, Kevin McDermott (vocals/guitar) formed Glaswegian band, Popgun, with Davie McCormick (drums), and Ross Drummond (bass/vocals). They were later joined by Roddy Johnson (vocals/guitar).
In 1983, having changed their name to The Suede Crocodiles, they released a single, Stop The Rain, written by McDermott, on the NoStrings record label run by Nick Low and Grahame Cochrane. Low had started managing the band after seeing them perform at The Venue, Glasgow, in 1982.
Stop The Rain was made Single of the Week in both NME and Melody Maker.
The Suede Crocodiles joined Nick Heyward on a UK wide tour, including two sell-out gigs at the Dominion Theatre in London.
Alan Cruickshank later replaced Davie McCormick on drums, but the band split up before releasing their second single, Paint Yourself a Rainbow.
Johnson and Drummond went on to form The Forth Room, and Kevin McDermott went solo.
Stop the Rain, a compilation of unreleased material, was released in 2001 on Accident Records, and re-released in 2010 on Fastcut Records.
McDermott's "swinging" Stop The Rain was described as "hook heaven" on Soundblab.
Stop The Rain was re-released on Optic Nerve Recordings in April 2022, entering in at 39 in the singles chart.
References
Scottish musical groups
Musical groups from Glasgow
The large scimitar babbler (Erythrogenys hypoleucos) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae.
It is found in Bangladesh, Cambodia, China, India, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
large scimitar babbler
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Southeast Asia
large scimitar babbler
large scimitar babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Lewis Ross (1825 – September 20, 1882) was a Canadian merchant and political figure. They represented Durham East in the House of Commons of Canada from 1872 to 1878 as a Liberal Reformer member.
They were born in Fearn Parish, Ross-shire, Scotland and was educated there. After coming to Canada, they became a merchant in Port Hope. Ross was a director of the Midland Railway, the Midland Manufacturing Company and the Royal Canadian Insurance Company. They were also chairperson of the local public school board and president of the Port Hope Agricultural Society. In 1852, they married a Miss Clute. Ross ran unsuccessfully for reelection in 1878 and 1882, losing to Arthur Trefusis Heneage Williams each time. Ross died in Port Hope at the age of 57.
They were the brother of Walter Ross who served in the House of Commons around the same time.
References
1825 births
1882 deaths
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Scottish emigrants to Canada
Zintha is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae. It is monotypic, with the only species being Zintha hintza, the blue-eyed Pierrot, blue pied Pierrot or Hintza blue. The pied Pierrots proper are the closely related genus Tuxentius, however, and like Zintha they were formerly included in Castalius.
Description
The wingspan is 24–28 mm for males and 24–27 mm for females. Adults are on wing from September to April.
Food plants
The larvae feed on Ziziphus species, including Z. zeyheriana and Z. mucronata.
Distribution and subspecies
This butterfly occurs in tropical eastern and southern Africa. Three subspecies are recognized:
Zintha hintza hintza (Trimen, 1864) – South Africa to Kenya, possibly Zaire
Zintha hintza krooni (Dickson, 1973) – Namibia and adjacent regions
Zintha hintza resplendens (Butler, 1876) – Ethiopia and adjacent regions
Gallery
Footnotes
References
(2008): Tree of Life Web Project – Zintha hintza (Trimen 1864). The Blue-eyed Pierrot. Version of 2008-MAY-19. Retrieved 2009-NOV-29.
(2009): Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms – Zintha. Version of 2007-MAY-20. Retrieved 2009-NOV-29.
Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 73 b
External links
Polyommatini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
Andre-Hugo Venter (born ) is a South African rugby union player for the and the . Their regular position is hooker.
Venter was named in the squad for the Pro14 Rainbow Cup SA campaign. They made their debut for in Round 5 of the Pro14 Rainbow Cup SA against the .
References
External links
itsrugby.co.uk Profile
South African rugby union players
Living people
2001 births
Rugby union hookers
Stormers players
Western Province (rugby union) players
William Musgrave (1655–1721) was a British physician and antiquary.
Life
They were educated at Winchester College and New College, Oxford, where they were a fellow from 1677 to 1692. In 1680 they spent a brief period at the University of Leiden.
They were elected to the Royal Society in 1684, for their work in natural philosophy and medicine. During 1685 they acted as secretary to the society and edited the Philosophical Transactions nos. 167 to 178.
They were a member of the Philosophical Society of Oxford, where they practised medicine and was awarded an M.D. on 6 July 1689. In 1692 they were elected to the Royal College of Physicians in London. They later settled in Exeter, where they practised until their death.
Their writings on medical matters included lacteals, palsy, and respiration. Their important medical works concerned arthritis and its effects. Their publication De arthritide symptomatica (2nd edn, 1715) included the first scientific description of ‘Devonshire colic' (later referred to by John Huxham and George Baker). Their other writings included Antiquitates Britanno-Belgicae a study of Roman Hampshire, Wiltshire and Somerset - areas previously inhabited by the Belgae. George I presented Musgrave with a diamond ring for this work.
Notes and references
Sources
1655 births
1721 deaths
People educated at Winchester College
Alumni of New College, Oxford
Fellows of New College, Oxford
Fellows of the Royal Society
English antiquarians
17th-century English medical doctors
Leiden University alumni
English magazine editors
English medical writers
Vasily Nikolaevich Pozdnyakov () (1869–1921) was one of the members of the Russian Doukhobor community who in 1895 declared themselves conscientious objectors. Severely punished and exiled to Yakutia, they escaped and wrote an important account of their and theirs comrades' story, published internationally. They also authored a number of articles about the Doukhobor life in Russian Empire and Canada.
Biography
Vasily Pozdnyakov originated from a Doukhobor family from the village of Bogdanovka (now Ninotsminda), in the south of Georgia. Their ancestors, along with other Doukhobors, had been exiled to Georgia during the reign of Nicholas I.
Although the Doukhobor religion and world view had traditionally espoused non-violence, the dangerous conditions of life in the southern borderlands of Russian Empire and the necessity to co-operate with the authorities resulted in the Doukhobors of the mid- and late-19th century owning and using weapons for self-defence, and, when conscripted, joining the Russian military. However, as a moral and religious revival, inspired by the exiled community leader Peter Vasilevich Verigin and by Leo Tolstoy's philosophy of non-violence, by 1895 many of the Doukhobors living in Transcaucasia resolved to destroy the weapons they owned. Those of them who had already served in the military returned their reservist registration cards to the authorities, meanwhile the young Doukhobor conscripts currently in the army returned their weapons to their commanders and refused further service.
The punishment was swift, both for the civilians and the conscripts. Vasily Pozdnyakov, who was a reservist at the time of their protest, had 300 lashes, and after 20 days in jail was called up once again to do their military service. As they again refused to bear arms, they spent some time in prison, which was to be followed by a 13-year exile to Yakutia. Their party of convicts left the Tiflis prison to Siberia around Easter 1897, but only reached as far as Irkutsk by the time winter fell. Having wintered in the Irkutsk prison, the survivors of the Pozdnyakov's party continued down the Lena River next spring, and eventually arrived to the place where other Doukhobors - those who had refused further service while already conscripted - had been exiled earlier. The location, known as Ust'-Notora (), where the Notora River flows into the Aldan River, was particularly remote and desolate even for Yakutia.
In autumn 1898 Pozdnyakov was chosen by their exile comrades to secretly leave and visit their spiritual leader, Peter Vasilevich Verigin, then in exile elsewhere in Siberia, and then their friends and family back in Transcaucasia. They managed to accomplish:
crossing Siberia to meet Verigin in Obdorsk (disguised as a fishmonger, as no Doukhobor visitors were allowed to see Verigin); spending four days at Leo Tolstoy's at Yasnaya Polyana; spending a fortnight in the Transcaucasia, reporting to the exiles' wives on the situation in Yakutia and inviting them to join their husbands (which many of them did some time later); and returning to their place of exile in Yakutia. On the way, they delivered Verigin's letters to
Tolstoy and to the Doukhbors in the Transcaucasia, and back from the Caucasus to the exiles in Yakutia.
Tolstoy described them
in a letter to Vladimir Chertkov as "one of those people who are afraid of nothing".
Shortly before Pozdnyakov's visit to Tolstoy, Tolstoy had been asked by Vladimir Bonch-Bruevich, then in England, to provide them with more information on the persecution of the Doukhobors, for use in articles Bonch-Bruevich was publishing. Tolstoy's papers for this period to contain a list questions that they (Tolstoy) was to ask their Doukhobor's visitor. In the opinion of a modern researcher O.A. Golinenko, these Tolstoy's question list may have been compiled in response to Bonch-Bruevich letter, as a checklist for Tolstoy to collect the information from their Doukhobor visitor.
In 1901 a small book entitled "The tale of Doukhobor Vasya Pozdnyakov. With an Appendix including documents about beatings and rapes of Doukhobor women by the Cossacks" («Рассказ духобора Васи Позднякова. С приложением документов об избиении и изнасиловании духоборческих женщин казаками») was published in London by Vladimir Chertkov's Svobodnoye Slovo (The Free Word) Publishers. The editor and the author of the preface was Vladimir Bonch-Bruevich, the scholar who had requested the information from Tolstoy, and the author's text was dated 1898.
Once many of Doukhobor exiles' wives arrived to Ust'-Notora to join them, some of the Doukhobors relocated to a new village named Otradnoye (, 'place of rejoicing').
After religious tolerance was declared by October Manifesto in 1905, Pozdnyakov, and the other exiles were able to abandon their Yakutia village and come to Canada.
After arrival to Saskatchewan, he, and some other survivors of the Yakutia exile, found the state of the affairs in the Doukhbor community there, in particular Verigin dictatorial leadership, quite a mismatch to those prospects of "radiant future" about which they were hearing from Veriging in 1898. Their disillusionment shows in their Canadian essays, such as "Story of a Spiritual Upheaval" (1908).
They later left the Doukhobor community.
In 1914 a number of Pozdnyakov's essays - on the life of the Doukhobors in Transcaucasia, in Siberian exile, and in Canada - appeared
in The Monthly of Literary, Science, and Social Life («Ежемесячный журнал литературы, науки и общественной жизни»); one of them recounts their 1898 visit to Tolstoy, and carries Chertkov's comment that it was during those four days in 1898 that Pozdnyakov's Tale was written.
Pozdnyakov's works available online
Story of a Spiritual Upheaval (Swarthmore, Pennsylvania, 1908). (Doukhobor Genealogy Website)
See also
List of peace activists
References
Doukhobors
Russian anti-war activists
Russian conscientious objectors
Russian Christian pacifists
1869 births
1921 deaths
Mick Crotty is a former Irish sportsperson. They played hurling with their local club James Stephens and with the Kilkenny senior inter-county team in the 1970s.
Playing career
Club
Crotty first tasted hurling success at club level when they were studying at University College Cork. They won a senior county title in Cork in 1969 with UCC. Later that year they won a senior county title with James Stephens in Kilkenny. In 1975 they won a second Kilkenny county medal. This was later quickly converted into a Leinster club title and an All-Ireland club title. 1976 saw Crotty add another county medal to their collection, however, ‘the Village' club lost their provincial and All-Ireland titles. Five years later in 1981 they won a final county medal. Once again this victory was converted into another set of Leinster and All-Ireland club titles.
Inter-county
Crotty first came to prominence on the inter-county scene with Kilkenny in the late 1960s. They won an Oireachtas title with the county in 1969, however, it would be another few years before they became a regular member of the team. In 1972 Crotty won their first Leinster title. This was later converted into a first All-Ireland title as Kilkenny defeated Cork in a classic final. A second Leinster medal followed in 1973, however, ‘the Cats' were later defeated by Limerick in the subsequent All-Ireland final. Kilkenny were back in 1974 with Crotty adding a third consecutive Leinster medal to their collection. They later won their second All-Ireland medal as Kilkenny gained revenge on Limerick by defeating them in the championship decider. Crotty won an Star award for their performances in the 1974 championship. In 1975 Crotty claimed a fourth Leinster medal, before winning their third All-Ireland medal following a victory over surprise finalists Galway. Kilkenny lost their provincial crown in 1976, however, Crotty did add a National Hurling League medal to their collection earlier in the year. ‘The Cats' bounced back in 1978 with Crotty winning a fifth provincial title. Unfortunately, their team were later defeated by Cork in the All-Ireland final, as ‘the Rebels' completed the final leg of a three-in-a-row of championship titles. 1979 saw Kilkenny continue their dominance in Leinster with Crotty winning their sixth and final provincial title. They later collected their fourth and final All-Ireland medal as Kilkenny defeated Galway once again. Crotty also won a Railway Cup medal with Leinster in 1979.
References
1945 births
Living people
James Stephens hurlers
UCC hurlers
Kilkenny inter-county hurlers
All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship winners
Hurling selectors
Bent Fransson (born 21 March 1951) is a Danish former lightweight rower and rowing coach. They won a gold medal at the 1981 World Rowing Championships in Munich with the lightweight men's eight and was the stroke of several strong Danish lightweight international crews in the 1980s.
Fransson also coached many top Danish lightweight crews, including the straight fours that won Gold at the 2008 Summer Olympics, Bronze at the 2012 Summer Olympics, and Silver at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Fransson was the World Rowing Coach of the Year in 2014. They retired from coaching in 2016.
References
1951 births
Living people
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
The 1943 Egypt Cup Final was the planned final match of the 1942–43 King Farouk Cup, scheduled to take place between King Farouk Club (later changed to Zamalek SC) and Al Ahly SC. The match was canceled due to the suspension of players from both clubs after they toured in Palestine against the Egyptian Football Association decision.
The suspension was lifted on 19 April 1944, allowing the start of the 1943–44 Egypt Cup competition. This resulted in the 1943 title being shared between the two clubs, for the first and only time in the competition's history.
Route to the final
References
1943
EC 1943
Al Ahly SC matches
The 2016 American League Championship Series (ALCS) was a best-of-seven playoff pitting the Toronto Blue Jays against the Cleveland Indians for the American League (AL) pennant and the right to play in the 2016 World Series against the Chicago Cubs. The Indians had home-field advantage for the series because the Blue Jays qualified as a wild-card team. The Indians defeated the Blue Jays four games to one.
The series was the 47th in league history. TBS televised all games in the United States, with Sportsnet, a property of Toronto Blue Jays owner Rogers Communications, airing all games in Canada using the TBS feed.
The Indians would go on to lose to the Chicago Cubs in the World Series in seven games, after squandering a 3–1 series lead.
Background
This was Toronto's second consecutive ALCS appearance and seventh overall. The team lost the 2015 American League Championship Series to the eventual World Series champion Kansas City Royals. The Blue Jays had previously made consecutive ALCS appearances in 1991, 1992 and 1993, losing in the former but winning both the 1992 and 1993 World Series.
This was Cleveland's fifth appearance in the ALCS. The Indians won the ALCS in 1995 and 1997, but went on to lose the World Series both times. In their other two ALCS appearances, the Indians were defeated in 1998 and 2007.
This was the first postseason meeting between the Blue Jays and the Indians.
The Indians won the regular season series, 4–3. The two teams split a four-game series in Toronto in early July, and the Indians won two of three games in Cleveland in mid-August. Six of the seven games were decided by three runs or fewer, including four decided by one run. The July 1 game between the two teams at the Rogers Centre lasted 19 innings with the Indians winning that game.
Canadian architect and indigenous activist Douglas Cardinal tried to file an injunction barring the Indians from using their name and logo for Games 3 and 4 in Toronto, but the application was dismissed by an Ontario judge.
Summary
The Indians middle reliever Andrew Miller was voted the MVP of the series. The Indians also set an MLB record with the lowest batting average by a winning team in a postseason series, hitting just .168 against the Blue Jays.
Cleveland became the first club to lock up the AL pennant on the road since the Chicago White Sox did so at Angel Stadium of Anaheim in 2005.
Game summaries
Game 1
Corey Kluber pitched shutout innings, allowing six hits while Andrew Miller struck out five batters in innings. Toronto's Marco Estrada pitched a complete game, but took the loss when Francisco Lindor's two-run home run in the sixth after a Jason Kipnis walk provided the only runs of the game. Cody Allen pitched a perfect ninth for the save.
Game 2
Carlos Santana's leadoff home run in the second off J. A. Happ gave the Indians a 1−0 lead, but the Blue Jays tied it in the third off Josh Tomlin when Darwin Barney singled with one out, moved to second on a groundout and scored on Josh Donaldson's double. In the bottom of the inning, Rajai Davis reached first on a force-out, stole second, moved to third on a wild pitch, and scored on Francisco Lindor's two-out single. Neither team scored for the rest of the game with Andrew Miller striking out five batters in two innings pitched and Cody Allen pitching a perfect ninth for their second consecutive save. The Indians went up a perfect 2−0 in the series heading to Toronto.
Game 3
The Indians struck first off Marcus Stroman when Carlos Santana drew a leadoff walk in the first and scored on Mike Napoli's two out double, but their starter, Trevor Bauer had to leave the game in the bottom of the inning after allowing two walks and throwing 21 pitches due to a bloody pinkie finger as a result of being cut from a drone a few days earlier. Dan Otero in relief allowed a game-tying home run to Michael Saunders in the second. Napoli's home run in the fourth put the Indians back on top 2−1, but the Blue Jays tied it in the fifth off Zach McAllister when Ezequiel Carrera hit a leadoff triple and scored on Ryan Goins's groundout. Jason Kipnis's leadoff home run in the sixth gave the Indians a 3−2 lead. Stroman was taken out after walking Napoli with one out. Napoli moved to second on a wild pitch by reliever Joe Biagini and scored on José Ramírez's single to make it 4−2 Indians. Cody Allen and Andrew Miller combined to pitch three shutout innings, striking out five batters as the Indians took a 3–0 series lead.
Game 4
Josh Donaldson's two-out home run in the third off Corey Kluber gave the Blue Jays their first lead in the series. Kluber walked two straight to lead off the fourth before Ezequiel Carrera's one-out RBI single made it 2−0 Blue Jays. The Indians cut it to 2−1 in the fifth off Aaron Sanchez when Coco Crisp walked with one out, moved to second on a wild pitch, and scored on Roberto Pérez's double. Their only other hit in the game came on Tyler Naquin's leadoff double in the third. In the seventh, the Blue Jays loaded the bases with no outs off reliever Bryan Shaw on a single, Shaw's fielding error, and intentional walk when Edwin Encarnación's single scored two with Josh Donaldson being thrown out at third. Next inning, Carrera tripled with one out off Mike Clevinger and scored on Kevin Pillar's groundout to make it 5−1 Blue Jays. Roberto Osuna retired the Indians in order in the ninth, forcing a Game 5.
Game 5
The Indians went up 1−0 in the first when Francisco Lindor singled with two outs off Marco Estrada and scored on Mike Napoli's double. They added to their lead with home runs by Carlos Santana in the third and Coco Crisp in the fourth. Ryan Merritt, Bryan Shaw, Andrew Miller, and Cody Allen shutout the Blue Jays as the Indians' 3−0 win gave them their first trip to the World Series since 1997. Allen earned their fifth save of the postseason as Troy Tulowitzki popped up to first baseman Santana in foul territory to end the game and series.
Composite line score
2016 ALCS (4–1): Cleveland Indians beat Toronto Blue Jays.
Aftermath
The 2016 World Series between the Cubs and Indians was highly anticipated due to the historical ramifications; the two teams entered their matchup as the two franchises with the longest World Series title droughts, a combined 174 seasons without a championship. The Cubs defeated the Indians 4–3 to win their first World Series since 1908. Game 7, an 8–7 victory in 10 innings at Progressive Field, marked the fifth time that a Game 7 had gone into extra innings and the first since 1997 (which, coincidentally, the Indians also lost).
On December 23, 2016, the Cleveland Indians signed Edwin Encarnación, who had become a free agent after years with the Toronto Blue Jays, and had declined the team's qualifying offer. At the 2018 trade deadline, Josh Donaldson also joined the Indians for a brief 16 game stints, as they were traded there from Toronto.
Overall, this marked the end of the Blue Jays run from '15-'16, which was their most successful run as a franchise since the back-to-back championships in '92 and '93. By the time of their next postseason appearance in 2020, there were no players from the 2015-2016 teams on the roster.
References
External links
2016 Major League Baseball season schedule
Schedule for 2016 Postseason
American League Championship Series
2016
October 2016 sports events in the United States
Cleveland Indians postseason
Toronto Blue Jays postseason
2016 in sports in Ohio
2010s in Cleveland
2016 in Toronto
Carex divulsa, the grey sedge, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Carex, native to Macaronesia, Europe, northwest Africa, the Caucasus region, and the Middle East as far east as Turkmenistan. It has been introduced to northeast Argentina, the District of Columbia and Pennsylvania in the United States, Ontario in Canada, the North Island of New Zealand, and Tasmania and Victoria in Australia. It is the namesake of the Carex divulsa aggregate.
References
divulsa
Plants described in 1787
Flora of Malta
Angel_F is a fictional child artificial intelligence that has been used in art performances worldwide focused on the issues of digital liberties, intellectual property and on the evolution of language and behaviour in information society. The character was created by Salvatore Iaconesi in 2007 as a hack to the Biodoll art performance by Italian artist Franca Formenti.
The project was later joined by Oriana Persico who curated communication and part of the theoretical approaches of the action.
The Angel_F project has been featured in books, magazines, national televisions, and has been invited to many conferences and events, both academic and artistic.
Creation
Angel_F is an acronym which stands for Autonomous Non Generative E-volitive Life_Form. The project was born in 2007 and resulted from the fusion of two contemporary art performances.
Franca Formenti, an Italian artist living in Varese, invented the Biodoll character in 2002 which began making its appearances first on the network and later in the physical world by using what were called "clones": young women, prostitutes, pornographic starlets, transsexuals and models interpreting the role of a digital prostitute. The Biodoll was an art performance focused on research emerging from the network of new forms of sexualities, and on the analysis of changes brought on by this transformation to the concepts of private and public spaces, privacy, and the possibility of creating multiple fluid identities through language and digital media.
The theme of fertility has always been central to the Biodoll performance: the digital prostitute was a wombless clone but desired giving birth to a son, the 'Bloki'.
In a process starting in 2006 and ending in February 2007, Salvatore Iaconesi (xDxD.vs.xDxD) used their 'Talker' linguistic artificial intelligence to animate the digital child conceived with prof. Derrick de Kerckhove: Angel_F.
Iaconesi and Persico met in November 2006 and immediately started collaborating on the birth of Angel_F.
Angel_F was designed as a synthetic digital being composed through narrative, technological and cognitive psychology layers. The objective was to create iconic characteristics that resulted in being evocative and able to mimic human life up to a level in which bringing up a symbolic dialogue was possible. On the other side, the artificial identity was to implement and expose the cultural, emotional and relational ways that were typical of networked social ecosystems, among those technologies, systems and infrastructures that entered and shaped people's daily lives.
The young digital being mimicked the evolution of a human baby: initially conceived inside the website of its digital mother it emulated the birth of a child by using the metaphor of a virus developing inside a website, taking progressively more space in the domain's databases and interfaces. Content was produced through the software by using small browser-based spyware techniques, through which Angel_F could infer the list of major portals that had been visited by the website's users.
The Biodoll website was invaded by this growing presence and, thus, Angel_F was born.
The Artificial Intelligence (AI) component of Angel_F was derived from another project, Talker, through which internet users could build up the AI's linguistic network by feeding it their text and web clips. Angel_F used this component to generate sentences and phrases, publishing them on the interface and on selected blogs.
The parallel between the growth of the AI and that of a child kept building up and, just as children learn how to speak and act by observing their parents and the people around them, Angel_F used its spyware and AI components to learn, to navigate websites and web portals using web crawler based techniques, and to interact with other people by using the contents hosted and generated in its database to create surreal dialogues in blogs and websites.
A virtual school was created, called Talker Mind, to narratively continue the AI's growth. Five professors (Massimo Canevacci, Antonio Caronia, Carlo Formenti, Derrick de Kerckhove and Luigi Pagliarini) fed their texts and academic articles to Angel_F, simulating virtual asynchronous lessons by using a multi-blog structure.
A peer-to-peer system was also created at the time, named 'Presence'. Its interface resembled the one of 8-bit videogames and the peer to peer users travelled in a starry space and were able to perform standard Instant Messaging tasks, such as chat and file sharing. The interactions were possible both among humans and digital beings. Angel_F was the first user of the Presence peer to peer system.
Angel_F entered the physical world as a baby-stroller mounted laptop computer that was used to let the digital child join events and conferences held worldwide.
Events
Angel_F performed all over the world, both in artistic contexts and in academic ones. It was also used for the communication strategy of several activist groups on the themes of intellectual property and digital freedoms.
The first public space performance was held in Milan, when the Biodoll distributed a generative free press publication (called the Bloki FreePreXXX, its text was generated algorithmically and inserted into a prepared graphic layout).
June 14, 2007: The second performance was held in Rome, at the Forte Prenestino, with a massive playroom created through computational graphics that people could interact with and that were generated by the AI.
June 22, 2007: Angel_F presented the closing remarks for an Ipotesi per Assurdo (Absurd Hypothesis) with Salvatore Iaconesi and Oriana Persico at the IULM University in Milan, discussing the possibilities for an ecosystemic, sustainable reinvention of corporations.
July 28, 2007: Hundreds of people at LiberaFesta (Free Party) in Rome listened to Angel_F in a speech discussing new politics and hacker ethics.
2007: The Glocal & Outsiders conference held in Prague at the Academy of Sciences was the first academic presentation of the Angel_F project, together with the Biodoll.
September 2007: Angel_F was not allowed to post its contribution to the DFIR (Dialogue Forum for Internet Rights) held in Rome in preparation for Rio de Janeiro's Internet Governance Forum (IGF) edition. The case quickly turned into a collaboration among the involved parties and Angel_F was invited to the global event in Brazil where it was the only digital being present. Angel_F contributed a videomessage, in the digital freedoms workshop, which suggested some ideas for action to the United Nations and to all the parties involved in the IGF organization.
October 2007: Angel_F was presented live at the FE/MALE 2 event, as an example of an atypical family during a public debate on new sexualities and social change.
October 2007: Angel_F made a series of public performances Florence's Festival della Creatività (Festival of Creativity), an institutional event held periodically to showcase Italy's and other countries' best technological projects. During the festival Derrick de Kerckhove publicly recognized the little AI as their digital son.
December 2007: Several international associations, and scientific researchers had been involved with Angel_F, eventually producing the system and process used to set up the Talker Mind digital school for the AI with Angel_F's professors.
March 2008: The Tecnológico de Monterrey university in Mexico City organized the Computer Art Congress 2 international event, featuring Angel_F's project among with the ones by scientific researchers worldwide.
July 2008: The project was presented in Austria at the Planetary Collegium's Consciousness Reframed 9 conference, together with the 'NeoRealismo Virtuale'.
October 2008: Angel_F was used at a public event on a European scale called Freedom not Fear discussing privacy and civil liberties.
July 2009: Angel_F has been seen with its digital father Derrick de Kerckhove to protest against Italy's harsh politics on freedom of speech.
The project concluded in 2009 with the publication of a book entitled 'Angel F. Diario di una intelligenza artificiale' (Angel_F, the diaries of an Artificial Intelligence).
References
External links
Angel_F's home
Angel_F's generative blog
penelope.di.pixel keeps the diary of Angel_F's first year of life
Angel_F's school
Artificial intelligence
Computing and society
Sexuality and computing
Scrubbaloe Caine was a Canadian rock music group, active from 1970 to 1975. Although they released only one album during their time as a band, they are noted for having garnered a Juno Award nomination for Most Promising Group, and for the participation of several members who subsequently went on to greater success with other bands.
The band was formed in 1970 in Calgary, Alberta, by guitarists Jim Harmata and Paul Dean, bassist Bob Kidd, violinist Henry Small and keyboardist Al Foreman, and drummer Bill McBeth was subsequently recruited to join the band. Initially known as Cannonball, the band played venues in Calgary, Winnipeg and Quebec City. Kidd left the band early on, and was replaced by former Guess Who is a bassist Jim Kale.
The band relocated to Toronto in 1972, and signed to RCA Records. Their album Round One was released in 1973, and was supported by a national tour as an opening act for the Guess Who and an appearance on CBC Television's music performance series Live. The album was moderately successful, appearing in the RPM Hot 100 Albums chart; the single "Feelin' Good on Sunday" charted on the magazine's country chart, and "I'm a Dreamer" charted on the RPM 100 singles chart.
They garnered a Juno Award nomination for Most Promising Group at the Juno Awards of 1974. Later in the year, Kale left the band and was replaced by Gary Stefaniuk. However, around the same time they were dropped from RCA.
They signed to Bronco Records in 1975, and planned a second album to be titled Street Level. The album was never completed or released, and the band broke up in 1976. Dean went on to join Streetheart before becoming a founding member of Loverboy, while Small established the band Small Wonder before joining Burton Cummings' touring band and later joining Prism.
References
Musical groups from Calgary
Canadian rock music groups
Musical groups established in 1970
Musical groups disestablished in 1976
RCA Records artists
Retz's helmetshrike (Prionops retzii) is a species of bird in the helmetshrike family Vangidae, formerly usually included in the Malaconotidae.
Subspecies
Four subspecies are recognized:
P. r. nigricans (Neumann, 1899) – south central Africa
P. r. graculinus Cabanis, 1868 – East Africa
P. r. retzii Wahlberg, 1856 – northern parts of southern Africa
P. r. tricolor G.R. Gray, 1864 – eastern and southeastern Africa
Range and habitat
It is found in Angola, Botswana, DRCongo, Kenya, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Somalia, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Zambia, and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
References
External links
(Retz's helmetshrike = ) Red-billed helmetshrike Prionops retzii - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
Retz's helmetshrike
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of Southern Africa
Retz's helmetshrike
Retz's helmetshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 2010–11 Slovenian First League of Handball season.
Teams information
Regular season
Standings
Pld - Played; W - Won; L - Lost; PF - Points for; PA - Points against; Diff - Difference; Pts - Points.
Championship play-offs
Standings
Pld - Played; W - Won; L - Lost; PF - Points for; PA - Points against; Diff - Difference; Pts - Points.
Relegation round
Pld - Played; W - Won; L - Lost; PF - Points for; PA - Points against; Diff - Difference; Pts - Points.
References
External links
Scoresway
Handball competitions in Slovenia
2010–11 domestic handball leagues
2010 in Slovenian sport
2011 in Slovenian sport
Sun Valley Magazine is a biannual local interest and lifestyle magazine headquartered in Hailey, Idaho which was established in 1973.
History and profile
The magazine was launched in 1973. Michael Riedel was the owner of the magazine, and Laurie Sammis was the editor of the magazine between 1990 and 1993. Earls Communications acquired the magazine in 1993 and combined it with Valley Magazine. NW Publishing Group owned the magazine until December 2000 when Valley Publishing led by Laurie Sammis bought it. Since then Laurie Sammis has been owner and publisher of the magazine. The frequency of Sun Valley Magazine is biannual.
The magazine covers life in the area of Sun Valley, Idaho, including arts, food and drink, health and adventure. As Sun Valley is a town for outdoor recreation, Sun Valley Magazine'''s adventure section primarily focuses on the recreational activities in the region, such as skiing, hiking and mountain biking. Sun Valley Magazine'' also features articles on income-generating activities in Hailey, Idaho, such as beekeeping.
References
External links
Sun Valley Magazine
1973 establishments in Idaho
Biannual magazines published in the United States
Lifestyle magazines published in the United States
Local interest magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1973
Magazines published in Idaho
Charles Singleton may refer to:
Charles Laverne Singleton (1959–2004), executed American
C. T. Singleton, Jr. (1905–1977), American admiral
Charles S. Singleton (1909–1985), American scholar and literary critic
Charles Singleton (songwriter), aka Charlie "Hoss" Singleton, co-writer of "Strangers in the Night" and "Spanish Eyes"
The Prince George Free Press was a local weekly newspaper published in Prince George, British Columbia, Canada from 1994 to 2015.
The Free Press was the first journalism employer for Michelle Lang who later died in 2009 while reporting from Afghanistan.
The Free Press began publishing on November 3, 1994 on a weekly basis but within months added a second edition per week. It reverted to a single publication per week in 2014. After two decades, the Free Press ceased publishing in mid-2015. The original owner was Black Press. The final owner (purchased in 2010) was Aberdeen Publishing, a collection of independent community newspapers in British Columbia and Alberta. The founding editor was Shane Mills (future editor of The Now (newspaper) in Surrey and public-relations director for Premier Christy Clark) and the final editor was Bill Phillips (winner of the 2007 Best Columnist award at the British Columbia/Yukon Community Newspaper Association Ma Murray award).
The Free Press competed against the daily Prince George Citizen. Several Free Press staff were hired by The Citizen. Nine were working at The Citizen before the closure of the Free Press.
See also
List of newspapers in Canada
References
2015 disestablishments in British Columbia
Mass media in Prince George, British Columbia
Black Press newspapers
Publications established in 1994
Publications disestablished in 2015
1994 establishments in British Columbia
Weekly newspapers published in British Columbia
The wren-like rushbird (Phleocryptes melanops) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is monotypic within the genus Phleocryptes. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Paraguay, Peru, and Uruguay. Its natural habitat is swamps.
References
External links
Image at ADW
Photo of wren-like rushbird in southern Brazil
wren-like rushbird
Birds of Peru
Birds of Chile
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Uruguay
wren-like rushbird
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The 1992 Monte Carlo Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 86th edition of the Monte Carlo Open, and was part of the ATP Championship Series, Single-Week of the 1992 ATP Tour. It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco, from 20 April through 26 April 1992. Unseeded Thomas Muster won the singles title.
Finals
Singles
Thomas Muster defeated Aaron Krickstein, 6–3, 6–1, 6–3
It was Muster's 1st singles title of the year, and their 11th overall. It was their 1st Masters title of the year, and their 2nd overall.
Doubles
'Boris Becker / Michael Stich defeated Petr Korda / Karel Nováček, 6–4, 6–4
References
External links
Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) tournament profile
ITF tournament edition details
Monte Carlo Open
Monte-Carlo Masters
1992 in Monégasque sport
Monte Carlo
Monte
36th New York Film Critics Circle Awards
January 18, 1971(announced December 28, 1970)
Best Picture:
Five Easy Pieces
The 36th New York Film Critics Circle Awards, honored the best filmmaking of 1970.
Winners
Best Actor:
George C. Scott - Patton
Runners-up: Melvyn Douglas - I Never Sang for My Father and Jack Nicholson - Five Easy Pieces
Best Actress:
Glenda Jackson - Women in Love
Runners-up: Karen Black - Five Easy Pieces and Liv Ullmann - The Passion of Anna (En passion)
Best Director:
Bob Rafelson - Five Easy Pieces
Runners-up: Federico Fellini - Fellini Satyricon and Robert Altman - MASH
Best Film:
Five Easy Pieces
Runners-up: The Passion of Anna (En passion) and MASH
Best Screenplay:
Eric Rohmer - My Night at Maud's (Ma nuit chez Maud)
Runner-up: Elio Petri and Ugo Pirro - Investigation of a Citizen Above Suspicion (Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto)
Best Supporting Actor:
Chief Dan George - Little Big Man
Runners-up: Paul Mazursky - Alex in Wonderland and Frank Langella - Diary of a Mad Housewife
Best Supporting Actress:
Karen Black - Five Easy Pieces
Runners-up: Françoise Fabian - My Night at Maud's (Ma nuit chez Maud) and Ellen Burstyn - Alex in Wonderland
References
External links
1970 Awards
1970
New York Film Critics Circle Awards, 1970
1970 in American cinema
1970 in New York City
1970s in Manhattan
1970 awards in the United States
Eunice Griswold Holcombe Pinney (February 9, 1770 – 1849) was an American folk artist active in the towns of Windsor and Simsbury, Connecticut. According to art historian Jean Lipman, a specialist in American folk painting, Pinney and their contemporary Mary Ann Willson are considered two of the earliest American painters to work in the medium of watercolor.
Life
Pinney was a well-educated woman from an influential Connecticut family. They were a descendant of Matthew Griswold, who emigrated from Kenilworth, England, to Windsor, Connecticut, in 1639 and became an active participant in the political affairs of the Colony. The marriage of Eunice's parents, Simsbury natives Eunice Viets and Elisha Griswold, reportedly "brought together two of the most considerable families and estates in the town." Eunice was the fifth of the couple's eight surviving children. Them brother (the couple's second child) was Alexander Viets Griswold, who became the first and only Episcopal bishop of the Eastern States Diocese. Their biography, A Memoir of the Life of Bishop Griswold published in 1844, offers crucial information about Eunice and their family. According to the author, John S. Stone, D.D., Eunice was "a woman of uncommonly extensive reading" and was "zealously instrumental" in the organization and maintenance of their local Episcopal church.
Eunice married Oliver Holcombe of Granby (born 1769) in approximately 1790. Holcombe died young, in their twenties: they drowned when attempting to ford a stream during a trip to Ohio. Traditionally, scholars have assumed that this event left Eunice a young widow, but recent research has revealed that the marriage was an abusive one and that before Holcombe died, the couple had already been divorced. Eunice had two children from this marriage: Hector and Sophia Holcombe (Phelps). In 1797, Eunice married Butler Pinney of Windsor (1766–1850). It appears that the couple initially settled in Windsor but relocated to Simsbury, where Eunice had been born, in about 1844. Eunice and Butler had three children: Norman, Viets Griswold, and Minerva Emeline (Bright). Minerva also was an artist and taught painting at a school in Virginia for several years before their marriage. Eunice died in Simsbury at the age of 79.
Career
All of Pinney's signed and dated watercolors range from 1809 to 1826, which suggests to scholars that they only began painting later in life, some time after their second marriage, and that the majority of their work was executed in Windsor and Simsbury. Like their contemporaries Willson and Elizabeth Glaser, they were probably self-taught. Pinny's surviving watercolors include genre subjects, landscapes, portraits, allegories, historical and religious narratives, and memorial scenes, and are characterized by balanced, architectonic compositions, sturdy figures, strong contours and bold colors. Although they were active in the nineteenth century, their protagonists often sport eighteenth-century fashions. As Lipman has noted, "her manner of painting and even the costuming of their figures belong to the 1700s ... It is scarcely stretching the point to consider them an eighteenth-century person who worked in the early nineteenth century."
Many of their compositions, especially those featuring historical or literary narratives, may have been based on popular English engravings. For example, their Couple and a Casualty of about 1815 in the collection of the Abby Aldrich Rockefeller Folk Art Museum in Colonial Williamsburg, Virginia, appears to have been based on an English copperplate design on cotton. Pinney also may have mined the patterns of rare English toiles for inspiration. Them genre scenes and memorial paintings, however, are wholly original, exhibiting a sophisticated use of color, robust figures and complex compositions. Scholars of American painting such as Mary Black and Jean Lipman have compared Pinney's work to that of Thomas Rowlandson due to its vigor and sense of theatricality.
It is unknown if Pinney trained their daughter Minerva in the technique of watercolor, yet Eunice did send paintings to Minerva when they were teaching in Virginia to provide models for the students.
Collections
Although many of Pinney's surviving works are owned by their descendants, important examples have entered public collections, including the National Gallery of Art, Washington and the American Folk Art Museum in New York City.
References
American women painters
19th-century American painters
American watercolorists
Folk artists
1770 births
1849 deaths
Painters from Connecticut
People from Simsbury, Connecticut
People from Windsor, Connecticut
American people of English descent
19th-century American women artists
Women watercolorists
Women outsider artists
Kenth Karlsson (born 21 December 1957) is a Swedish water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Swedish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Sweden
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Västerås
The Counts were a doo-wop group from Indianapolis, Indiana, formed in the 1950s. The group included Chester Brown, James Lee, Robert Penick, Robert Wesley, and Robert Young. The Counts were also known as the Original Counts, as they performed with their original lineup until the death of Robert Young, in 2001. They were thought to be the longest-running doo wop group made up entirely of their original membership.
Young wrote most of the Counts' songs, including "Hot Tamale" and "Darling Dear". "Darling Dear" (Dot 44-1188, b/w "I Need You Always") made it to No. 6 on the R&B singles chart.
All of the members attended Crispus Attucks High School, in Indianapolis, where they originally formed as the Five Diamonds. They changed their name in 1954 when they signed with Dot Records. The Counts recorded at Wilkins Studio, possibly with Jimmy Coe (or, perhaps, with a Jimmy Cole), and were at times backed live by Wes Montgomery.
References
External links
Counts discography at Discogs.com
Darling Dear at Youtube
Doo-wop groups
Dot Records artists
Mount Romulus is a mountain summit located in the Little Elbow River Valley of Kananaskis Country in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta, Canada. Weather permitting, the peak is visible from highways southwest of Calgary as it is recognizable by its signature band of snow that forms above the broad southeast cliffs. The mountain is named for Romulus, who along with their twin brother Remus were the mythological founders of Ancient Rome. Mount Remus (2688 m) is situated to the east-northeast. The name was officially adopted by the Geographical Names Board of Canada in 1940. Mount Romulus' nearest higher peak is Fisher Peak, to the northwest.
Geology
Mount Romulus is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Romulus is located in a subarctic climate zone with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below −20 °C with wind chill factors below −30 °C. In terms of favorable weather, June through September are the best months to climb. Precipitation runoff from the mountain drains into the Little Elbow River, which is a tributary of the Elbow River.
See also
List of mountains of Canada
Geology of Alberta
Scrambles in the Canadian Rockies
References
External links
Mount Romulus weather web site: Mountain Forecast
Two-thousanders of Alberta
Canadian Rockies
Alberta's Rockies
The Miami-Dade County Youth Fair & Exposition Inc., known for generations as The Youth Fair or just The Fair, is the largest nonprofit charity event in South Florida, attracting nearly 600,000 guests. It is a 21-day showcase of agricultural and educational exhibits, midway rides, concerts, carnival food and games, and family entertainment on the Fairgrounds at Tamiami Park located at SW 107th Ave. and Coral Way, Miami, Fla. 33165, its home since 1972.
Ranked as the largest attended fair in Florida and the 27th largest event of its kind throughout North America, it was organized and chartered as a not-for-profit association under Chapter 616 of the Florida Statutes. In addition to producing a first-class public fair for four weeks each spring on an 86-acre complex, it operates the Expo Center the other 48 weeks of the year to provide exposition space for 70 shows and events. The fair is held by a private 16-member board of directors.
The 2021 Youth Fair dates are 18 November–05 December, excluding those Monday/Tuesday dates: 22–23 & 28–29 November, when it will be closed. The 2020 fair was cancelled as the COVID-19 pandemic was to blame.
Entertainment
Concerts are free with general admission.
In 2018, the Mainstreet Stage was host to Gente de Zona, Ginuwine, La Adictiva Banda San José de Mesillas, La Maquinaria Norteña, Lecrae, Nelly, The Sugarhill Gang, and TLC.
In 2017, the Mainstreet Stage was host to Skillet, Jacob Forever, Carlos Daniels and J. Alvarez. Luis Enrique served as Grand Marshall of the Opening Day Parade.
In 2016, the Mainstreet Stage was host to Village People, MercyMe, Jessie James Decker, La Salsa Vive, Oscar D'Leon, Hansel, Sonora Carruseles, Tavares, and "Celebrating Celia Cruz" with performances by Willy Chirino, Aymee Nuviola, Jeimy Osorio and the Celia Cruz All Stars.
In 2015, the Mainstreet Stage hosted: Kool & The Gang, Music from the '80s with Shannon, Judy Torres, Johnny O and Nice & Wild.
In 2014, the Mainstreet Stage hosted: Music from the '90s with Cynthia, Rockell, Noel and TKA; Mr. Nice Guy Band; Los Tres de La Habana and Timbalive; Willy Chirino; Albita; Sonic Flood; Matthew West.
In 2013, the Mainstreet Stage hosted: "We Are the In Crowd"; Kidz Bop; Gocho; Matt Hunter.
In 2011, concerts included Mr. C & The Cha Cha Slide, Chino Y Nacho, Luis Enrique, FCW Stars & WWE Wrestling, Sid the Science Kid, The Ready Set, Natalie Grant, Jerry Rivera, The Dirty Sock Funtime Band, Paper Tongues, and Ricky C.
Features
The Youth Fair offers student exhibits, plus agriculture exhibits, family entertainment, food stands, rides and shops.
The Midway has nearly 100 rides through provider North American Midway Entertainment. The list includes:
1001 Nachts
House of horror
Airplane
Love
Ring of love
Ring of Fire
Skater
SpaceRoller
Swing Tower
Remix
Fireball
Flume
Euroslide
Mega Drop
Orbiter
Ferris Wheel
Spider
Tilt
Yoyo
Euroslide
Pharaoh's Fury
KMG - Hurricane
Disbursement
Since inception, The Youth Fair has presented well above $11 million to the Miami-Dade community in the form of college scholarships, cash premiums and awards to students.
In 2018, its Scholarship Program awarded 182 non-renewable $1,000 competitive scholarships to graduating from high school seniors attending Miami-Dade County public and private schools, including home school and charter school students, vocational students and alternative education students. Recipients included 16 students who plan to study for careers related to agriculture.
The Youth Fair Scholarship Fund also allocates scholarship awards to the winners of the prestigious Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity Prize in Ethics Essay Contest for Miami-Dade County Public high school juniors and seniors.
Land Issue
In 2013, Miami-Dade County began a process of discussing a possible relocation of The Youth Fair, which would allow Florida International University to expand its campus. The Youth Fair follows the terms of its lease with Miami-Dade County, which includes a provision for early termination. If the county identifies a relocation site that meets the terms of the lease equal to or better than the present site, and if FIU raises more than the $230 million that relocation will cost (plus the cost of land) there would be a three-year notice to move. However any possible move is, at the very least, years away.
References
Buildings and structures in Miami
Annual fairs
Culture of Miami
Organizations based in Miami
Fairgrounds in the United States
Fairs in the United States
Tourist attractions in Miami
Jan Mashiani was a South African track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics in the marathon. They finished thirteenth of the fourteen finishers, but moved up to twelfth after Frederick Lorz was disqualified.
See also
South Africa at the 1904 Summer Olympics
References
Sources
South African male marathon runners
Olympic athletes of South Africa
Athletes (track and field) at the 1904 Summer Olympics
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Le Cabinet des Antiques (The Cabinet of Antiquities) is a French novel published by Honoré de Balzac in 1838 under the title les Rivalités en province (Rivalries in the provinces) in le Constitutionnel, then published as a work in its own right in 1838 by the Souverain publishing house.
With la Vieille Fille, the work fits into les Rivalités, an isolated group in the Scènes de la vie de province collection of la Comédie humaine. In it, Balzac portrays the old nobility in the French provinces, ruined by the French Revolution and forgotten by the restored Bourbons. The marquis d'Esgrignon, their sister and their friends represent this social group, which the author had already portrayed in la Vieille Fille. The younger generation within this class, represented by the marquis's son, causes their loss, sucked in by the whirlpool of Paris, where they live merrily and ruins their fortunes.
Le Cabinet des Antiques works as a sequel to la Vieille Fille although the names of its main characters are not exactly the same. It is an adventure story, full of twists and with suspense created by the young son that borders on that of a crime novel as they lie and risks imprisonment.
Plot
The plot is partially narrated by journalist and author, Emile Blondet. The narrator talks about events they have witnessed, mainly their admiration for Armande d'Esgrignon and a small provincial town where their father, the respectable judge Blondet, still lives.
As a child, Blondet frequently watches Armande while they take a stroll with their nephew, Victurien d'Esgrigon. The angel-faced child is carefully taken care of, as they do not have a mother. They were raised by their doting aunt and their adoring father.
As a young man, Victurien is strikingly intelligent but has a habit of lying, they prompt their impoverished family to give them more than they can afford to. Chesnel, the old notary, always manages to clear their debts, eventually ruining themselves for Victurien. They even give the young man their savings when the latter is sent to Paris.
However, becoming a part of the Marquis of Esgrigon's circle is a privilege, as only noble families are admitted. This makes some upstarts, such as Du Croisier, vengeful. The latter notices Victurien's penchants and manages to fault him. Victurien ends up being arrested for owing Du Croisier colossal sums of money. Chesnel manages to get the young man out of trouble with one of their clever ploys.
Victurien eventually marries Du Croisier's niece, wallowing in their vast wealth and regularly making them unhappy.
References
Lise de Laguérenne, « D'un portrait de Mademoiselle de Maupin à la duchesse de Maufrigneuse dans Le Cabinet des Antiques : une lecture créatrice de Balzac », L'Année balzacienne, 1997, n° 18, p. 413-22.
Anthony R. Pugh, « Du Cabinet des antiques à Autre étude de femme », L'Année Balzacienne, Paris, Garnier Frères, 1965, p. 239-52.
Pierre Citron, « Le Cabinet des antiques », L'Année Balzacienne, Paris, Garnier Frères, 1966, p. 370-3.
Anne-Marie Meininger, « Sur Adieu, sur Le Père Goriot, sur Le Cabinet des antiques. », L'Année balzacienne, 1973, n° 380-85.
Pierre Larthomas, « Sur le style de Balzac », L'Année balzacienne, 1987, n° 8, p. 311-27.
S. F. Davies, « Une source inédite d'un épisode du Cabinet des Antiques », L'Année balzacienne, 1974, p. 327-29.
External links
Le Cabinet des Antiques on French Wikisource
1838 French novels
Books of La Comédie humaine
Works originally published in Le Constitutionnel
Novels by Honoré de Balzac
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1618.
Events
January – Lady Hay and eight other Court ladies plan and rehearse a Ladies' Masque or Masque for Ladies, intended for a Twelfth Night performance, but it is cancelled a few days before, either by King James or Queen Anne.
January 4 – Sir Francis Bacon is appointed Lord Chancellor by King James I of England.
April 6 (Easter Monday) – The King's Men perform Twelfth Night at Court.
April 7 – The King's Men perform The Winter's Tale at Court.
July – Ben Jonson sets out to walk to Scotland.
Catherine de Vivonne, marquise de Rambouillet, begins remodelling the Paris residence which becomes the Hôtel de Rambouillet to form a literary salon.
New books
Prose
William Cecil, 1st Baron Burghley – Certain Precepts or Directions, For the Well-ordering and Carriage of a Man's Life
Renold Elstracke – Braziliologia
Vicente Espinel – Relaciones de la vida del escudero Marcos de Obregón
Robert Fludd – De Musica Mundana
Michael Maier – Atalanta Fugiens
Themis aurea
Daniel Mögling – Speculum Sophicum Rhodo-Stauroticum
John Selden – History of Tythes
Drama
Anonymous – The Tragedy of Amurath
Jakob Ayrer (died 1605) – Opus Theatricum published
Guillén de Castro y Bellvis – Comedias, part 1
Lope de Vega
(The Pitcher Girls)
El rey don Pedro en Madrid
Nathan Field – Amends for Ladies published
John Fletcher – The Loyal Subject
Peter Heylin – Theomachia (in Latin)
Barten Holyday – Technogamia
Ben Jonson – masques
Pleasure Reconciled to Virtue
For the Honour of Wales
Poetry
Jacob Cats – Emblemata
Juan Martínez de Jáuregui y Aguilar – Rimas
John Taylor – The Pennylesse Pilgrimage
Births
March 23 – Ferrante Pallavicino, Italian satirist (died 1644)
April – Agustín Moreto y Cavana, Spanish dramatist and priest (died 1661)
Unknown dates
Thomas Blount, English antiquary and lexicographer, (died 1679)
Abraham Cowley, English poet (died 1667)
Raffaello Fabretti, Italian antiquary (died 1700)
Isaac Vossius, Dutch scholar and librarian (died 1689)
Probable year of birth – Jacques Chausson, French writer and criminal (died 1661)
Deaths
July – John Davies of Hereford, Anglo-Welsh poet (born c. 1565)
July 26 – Martinus Smiglecius, Polish Jesuit philosopher (born 1563)
August 23 – Gerbrand Adriaenszoon Bredero, Dutch poet (born 1585)
September 22 – Jacobus Taurinus, Dutch theologian (born 1576)
September 28 – Joshua Sylvester, English poet (born 1563)
October 29 – Sir Walter Ralegh, English adventurer and author (executed, born c. 1554)
Unknown dates
François de Boivin, French chronicler
Richard Stanihurst, Irish translator of Virgil (born 1547)
Probable year – Bento Teixeira, Portuguese poet (born c. 1561)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Equality of sacrifice is a term used in political theory and political philosophy to refer to the perceived fairness of a coercive policy.
John Stuart Mill noticed that citizens often view taxation laws as being fair, as long as taxation is also applied equally to everyone else in society. Political theorist Margaret Levi applied the term to the perceived fairness of conscription in democracies, to which citizens may consent as long as conscription is enforced as a universal duty – as opposed to elitist and exceptionalist policies, as it will sometimes occur in partial mobilization.
The term was also adopted by Lee Iacocca who, as the president of Chrysler, lowered their salary to less than a dollar a year before asking union members for radical wage cuts in order to deal with the company's financial difficulties. During the financial crisis of 2007–2010, Iacocca's example has often been mentioned in opposition to "unconditional" government bail-out of failing companies. In a letter to the leaders of the big three U.S. automakers, Senator Chuck Grassley said that before receiving a government bailout executives should follow the example of former Chrysler head Lee Iacocca and cut their own pay:
References
Political theories
Political science terminology
Egalitarianism
Blagoja Todorovski (, born 11 June 1985 in Skopje) nicknamed Blaže is a football midfielder from the Republic of Macedonia who currently plays for Albanian side Teuta Durrës.
International career
Todorovski played four games for Macedonia, they made their debut on 18 June 2014 in friendly match against China which ended with a 2–0 loss. Four days later they played again against China, this time the score was 0–0. They also played in a Euro 2016 qualification match against Belarus which ended with a 2–1 loss. Their final international was a March 2015 friendly against Australia, which ended 0–0.
Honours
Renova
Macedonian First League: 2009–10
Rabotnički
Macedonian First League: 2013–14
Macedonian Football Cup: 2013–14, 2014–15
Shkendija
Macedonian First League: 2017–18, 2018–19
Macedonian Football Cup: 2015–16, 2017–18
Teuta Durrës
Albanian Cup: 2019–20
Albanian Supercup: 2020
Albanian Superliga: 2020–21
Albanian Supercup: 2021
References
External links
Profile at Macedonian Football
1985 births
Living people
Footballers from Skopje
Association football midfielders
Macedonian footballers
North Macedonia international footballers
FK Kumanovo players
FK Sileks players
FC Dinamo București players
FK Renova players
FK Rabotnički players
KF Shkëndija players
KF Teuta Durrës players
Macedonian First Football League players
Liga I players
Liga II players
Kategoria Superiore players
Macedonian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Albania
Macedonian expatriate sportspeople in Albania
FC Dinamo București II players
Robert Davies Defries, (July 23, 1889 – October 25, 1975) was a Canadian physician and Director of Connaught Medical Research Laboratories.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, they received their M.D. from the University of Toronto in 1913.
Honours
In 1946 they were made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire.
In 1955 they were awarded an honorary Doctor of Laws from the University of Saskatchewan.
In 1955 they received the Albert Lasker Public Service Award.
In 1970 they were made a Companion of the Order of Canada.
References
External links
Robert Davies Defries archival papers held at the University of Toronto Archives and Records Management Services
1889 births
1975 deaths
Canadian public health doctors
Companions of the Order of Canada
Canadian Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
University of Toronto alumni
Omam may refer to:
Of Mice and Men, a 1937 novella by John Steinbeck.
Trachyspermum ammi, a plant
Of Monsters And Men, an Icelandic band
Omam, Iran, a village
Mugguru Kodukulu () is a 1988 Indian Telugu-language action drama film directed by Krishna. The film stars Krishna themselves alongside their real-life children, Ramesh Babu and Mahesh Babu. Radha, and Sonam play the female leads The film was produced by Ghattamaneni Nagarathnamma under the Padmalaya Studios banner. Music was composed by Chakravarthy.
Cast
Krishna as Phanindra
Ramesh Babu as Rajendra
Mahesh Babu as Surendra
Radha as Roja
Sonam as Sobha Rani
Satyanarayana as Jooga Rao
Allu Ramalingaiah as Meesala Pedda Venkata Rayudu
Gummadi as Dharma Rao
Murali Mohan as D.S.P. Mohan Kumar
Nutan Prasad as Guru Murthy
Giri Babu as Ranga Rao
Kota Srinivasa Rao as Bhanu Murthy
Annapoorna as Shanthamma
Prabha as Vasundhara
Chalapathi Rao as Chamche
Vinod as Kumar
Malladi as Priest
Eeswar Rao as Captain Srikanth
Bhimeswara Rao
Master Shanmukha Srinivas as Young Phanindra
Master Rajesh as Young Rajendra
Baby Priya as Dolly
Crew
Art: Bhaskar Raju
Choreography: Siva Shankar, Siva Subramanyam, Taara, Seenu
Fights: Vijayan
Dialogues: Paruchuri Brothers
Lyrics: Veturi
Playback: S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, P. Susheela, S. Janaki, S. P. Sailaja, Lalitha Sagar, Sunanda
Music: Chakravarthy
Story: Bhishetty Lakshmana Rao, P. Chandra Shekar Reddy
Cinematography: V. S. R. Swamy
Producer: Ghattamaneni Nagarathnamma
Editor — screenplay — director: Krishna
Banner: Padmalaya Studios
Release date: 20 October 1988
Soundtrack
Music was composed by Chakravarthy. Lyrics were written by Veturi. Music released on LEO Audio Company.
References
Indian action drama films
Films scored by K. Chakravarthy
1980s action drama films
1980s Telugu-language films
Miss Puff (Chinese: 泡芙小姐) is a 2018 Chinese drama/romance film directed by Zhang Xinyi, starring Zhang Xinyi, Wang Yuexin, and Tan Weiwei. A spin-off from the eight-season animated series Miss Puff released on Youku in 2010 with over 1 billion views, the film was released in China on February 9, 2018. This film marks actor Zhang Xinyi's directorial debut, who also co-wrote the plot with San Pi, the original creator and a Beijing animator.
Miss Puff is often used as the nickname of a strong and self-sufficient woman with an overseas education. Pi San, the movie's art consultant and the animated series' director, says Miss Puff exemplifies the rising population of elite Chinese women, who are pursuing career success as well as genuine love.
Plot
Hou Paopao (Zhang Xinyi) grew up in a loving family. Upon returning from their overseas studying in Thailand, they attend a party with their three best friends- Ma Li (Tan Weiwei), Shisanyao (Sun Xiaoxiao) and Xiao Ruo (Yu Shasha). It was love at first sight after a romantic encounter with Gu Shang (Wang Yuexin), a young university student.
Cast
Zhang Xinyi as Hou Paopao
Wang Yuexin as Gu Shang
Tan Weiwei as Ma Li
Sun Xiaoxiao as Shisanyao
Yu Shasha as Xiao Ruo
Chen Zheyuan as Wang Han
Zeng Yijun as San Mu
Movie Soundtracks
Liu Lang Tu Zhong Ai Shang Ni (流浪途中爱上你) by Ye Bei & Xu Wei (叶蓓&许巍)
Pao Fu Xuan Yan (泡芙宣言) by Zhang Xinyi & Liu Yu Fu (张歆艺&刘宇芙)
References
2018 films
Chinese romantic drama films
2010s Mandarin-language films
2018 romantic drama films
The Finnish Safety and Chemicals Agency, or Tukes (, previously , ) is an agency within the Ministry of Employment and the Economy of Finland. Its task is to monitor and enforce safety and regulations compliance in technology, chemicals and hazardous materials, workplace safety and consumer and product safety. It is the Member State Competent Authority (MSCA) for the European Union REACH, CLP, BPD and SEVESO III regulations in Finland. However, food, medications and medical safety are governed by different agencies (Evira, Fimea and Valvira, respectively).
Its main divisions are:
Facilities and mines monitoring
Products and equipment monitoring
Support and development services
Chemical products monitoring
External links
Safety and Chemicals Agency
Finland
Edward Watson "Ted" McWhinney, QC (May 19, 1924 – May 19, 2015) was a Canadian lawyer and academic specializing in constitutional and international law. They were a Liberal Party Member of Parliament from 1993 to 2000 for the electoral district of Vancouver Quadra.
Life and career
Born in Lismore, New South Wales, Australia, McWhinney, received their secondary education at North Sydney Boys High School, which they followed by study at the University of Sydney, becoming President of the Sydney University Liberal Club and Student Representative Council. McWhinney was a professor emeritus at Simon Fraser University and an expert on the Canadian Constitution who was often called upon to advise the Canadian government. They reportedly advised successive Canadian prime ministers since John Diefenbaker, as well as several governors general.
They held professorships at Yale, the Sorbonne, Toronto, McGill, Indiana, the Collège de France, and at the Meiji University in Tokyo. They were a legal consultant to the United Nations; constitutional adviser to the Premier of Ontario and to the Premier of Quebec; chief adviser to the Canadian government's Task Force on National Unity (the Pepin-Robarts Commission); Royal Commissioner of Enquiry to the Government of Quebec; Special Commissioner of Enquiry for the Government of British Columbia; special adviser to the Canadian delegation to the United Nations General Assembly, as well as constitutional and international law adviser to a number of foreign governments.
The author of 24 books (two of them in French and one in German), editor of 11 symposium volumes, and author of several hundred scientific articles, they were the first jurist from Canada to be elected to the century-old Institut de Droit International. They were a member of the Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague and was a member of the Institut Grand-Ducal of Luxembourg, and of the Académie Internationale de Droit Comparé in Paris. They died on May 19, 2015.
Legal theory
In 2005, in anticipation of the publication of their book, The Governor General and the Prime Ministers, Canadian media sources reported that McWhinney, a professor of constitutional law and former Member of Parliament, had suggested that a future government of Canada could begin a process of phasing out the monarchy after the eventual demise of Elizabeth II "quietly and without fanfare by simply failing legally to proclaim any successor to the Queen in relation to Canada". This would, they claimed, be a way of bypassing the need for a constitutional amendment that would require unanimous consent by the federal parliament and all the provincial legislatures. However, Ian Holloway, Dean of Law at the University of Western Ontario, criticised McWhinney's proposal for its ignorance of provincial input and opined that its implementation "would be contrary to the plain purpose of those who framed our system of government."
References
External links
Lectures and writings by Ted McWhinney published on the website of the UN Audiovisual Library of International Law
Audio interview with THECOMMENTARY.CA
1924 births
2015 deaths
People from Lismore, New South Wales
Politicians from Vancouver
Australian emigrants to Canada
Lawyers in British Columbia
Canadian legal scholars
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from British Columbia
Members of the Institut de Droit International
Yale University alumni
Members of the Permanent Court of Arbitration
People educated at North Sydney Boys High School
Canadian judges of international courts and tribunals
Marestella Torres-Sunang (born February 20, 1981) is a Filipino long jumper.
Career
Torres-Sunang started long jumping in 1994 in Negros Oriental. Them talent was recognized by their teachers but they often train with a limited budget doing jumps on rice husks rather than a proper sand pit.
Torres-Sunang finished fourth at the 2002 Asian Championships and won the silver medal at the 2005 Asian Championships. They also competed at the 2005 World Championships without reaching the final. They also participated in the 2008 Olympics in Beijing, China. In 2009, they surprisingly won the 2009 Asian Championships with a leap of 6.51 m.
Them personal best jump of 6.71 m, achieved at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games in Palembang, is currently the Southeast Asian Games Record.
Torres-Sunang finished 22nd of 32 at the 2012 London Olympic Games, failing to advance to the final.
On April 7, 2016, Torres-Sunang, who came from maternity with the help of their coach and sponsor James Michael Lafferty and nutritionist-wife Carol Lafferty, won the gold medal in the women's long jump event of the 2016 Ayala-PATAFA Philippine National Open Invitationals held at the Philsports Arena. They registered a 6.60 m jump in their 5th attempt, falling 10 centimeters short from the Olympic qualifying standard.
In May 2016, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) formally accepted the nomination made by the Philippine Athletics Track and Field Association (PATAFA) for the universality slot of Torres-Sunang in the 2016 Summer Olympics. However, the slot was junked after the inclusion of marathon runner Mary Joy Tabal in the Rio-bound Philippine delegation.
In July 2016, Torres-Sunang achieved the Olympic qualifying standard in the Women's Long Jump in the Kazakhstan Open and setting a new national record of 6.72 meters, thus making it into the Rio Olympics. This would be the third straight and the final Olympic appearance for the Filipina long jumper, who is the most senior member of the national contingent.
Personal life
 They are married to a fellow Filipino athlete, shot putter Eliezer Sunang with who they have a son.
Personal bests
(Outdoor)
Long Jump : 6.72 m (+0.8 m/s) – Kazakhstan Open , Almaty, Kazakhstan, 04 July 2016
Triple Jump : 12.67 m – Manila, Philippines, 03 June 2004
100 Meters: 12.44 – 2007 World Championships, Osaka, Japan. 26 August 2007
(Indoor)
Long Jump : 6.06 m – Aspire Dome, Doha, 13 March 2010
International competitions
External links
References
1981 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Negros Oriental
Filipino female long jumpers
Olympic track and field athletes of the Philippines
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2012 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Asian Games competitors for the Philippines
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2006 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2014 Asian Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Asian Games
University Athletic Association of the Philippines players
Southeast Asian Games medalists in athletics
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games bronze medalists for the Philippines
Competitors at the 2017 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2021 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2005 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2007 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
Competitors at the 2015 Southeast Asian Games
Liouguei District (Taivoan: Lakuri; ) is a rural district of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan. It is the third largest district in Kaohsiung City after Tauyuan District and Namasia District. The place-name is derived from the name of a Taivoan community Lakuri or Lakkuli, which emigrated from Vogavon in Tainan, driven to Kaohsiung by the invasion of Han immigrants and Siraya in the late 17th century.
The residents of this district are mainly Hakka (about 44% ) and Hoklo Taiwanese, as well as indigenous peoples and immigrants from other China provinces. The entire region has been included in the Maolin National Scenic Area. In recent years, the tourism industry has flourished.
History
Due to the invasion of Han in the 17th century, Siraya that originally lived in the plains of Tainan was forced to migrate to Yuchin Basin, which in turn drove Taivoan from Vogavon to Pangliao, Kaohsiung in 1781, reaching nowadays Liouguei in 1799, founding community Lakkuli (), also spelled Lakuri or La-ko-li.
In 1902, during early Japanese rule, the area was administered as "Lakkuli Village" (). In 1910, it was reorganized as , . In 1920, it became , under , Takao Prefecture. In 1932, Rokuki was annexed into under Takao Prefecture.
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Liouguei was incorporated into Kaohsiung County as a rural township. On 25 December 2010, the township became a district of Kaohsiung City.
In August 2019, some residents living in high-risk areas of Liouguei District were evacuated from their homes after heavy rain and flash flooding.
Geology
The district resembles the shape of long gourd with a vertical length of 36 km and a horizontal width of 5 km. The Laonong River passes from north to south through the center of the township.
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Sinwei/Xinwei, Xinxing, Xinliao, Xinfa, Peinong, Liugui, Yibao, Xinglong, Zhongxing, Baolai, Wenwu and Dajin Villages.
Economy
During Japanese rule, the district was known for the production of Camphor oil. The Japanese government constructed a route and tunnels to facilitate the transportation of the product.
Tourist attractions
Baolai Spring Park
Bulao Hot Spring
Liouguei Tunnels
Maolin National Scenic Area
18 Arhats Mountain
Sinwei Forest Ecological Park
Jinlongshan Cihui Temple (金龍山慈惠堂)
Agricultural Products
"Black Diamond" Wax Jambu (Syzygium samarangense)
Jinhuang Mango
Jinxuan Oolong Tea
Jujube
Transportation
Liouguei Bus Station
See also
Kaohsiung
References
Districts of Kaohsiung
Taivoan people
The 1981 Wightman Cup was the 53rd edition of the annual women's team tennis competition between the United States and Great Britain. It was held at the International Amphitheatre in Chicago, Illinois in the United States.
References
1981
1981 in tennis
1981 in sports in Illinois
1981 in women's tennis
1981 in American tennis
1981 in British sport
1981 Wightman Cup
1981 in Illinois
Fiske Terrace is a planned community and neighborhood in the New York City borough of Brooklyn. Fiske Terrace is located in south central Brooklyn in the southern edge of the community of Flatbush and north of the community of Midwood. It is bounded by Glenwood Road on the north, Ocean Avenue on the east, the Bay Ridge Branch of the Long Island Rail Road/New York and Atlantic Railway right-of-way on the south, and the New York City Subway BMT Brighton Line subway line () on the west.
Overview
Fiske Terrace was developed, along with Midwood Park with individually designed housing by the T.B. Ackerson Company in 1905; after the T. B. Ackerson Company bought what was then a forest, it was razed within 18 months, giving way to about 150 custom-made houses as well as streets and utilities, and the Midwood Malls. Prominent past residents included Richard Hellmann, creator and founder of "Hellmann's Mayonnaise", and Charles Ebbets, owner of Ebbets Field Baseball Stadium and the Brooklyn Dodgers. On March 18, 2008, the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission unanimously approved designation of the Fiske Terrace-Midwood Park Historic District. 250 homes were designated.
The community is served by the Avenue H (formerly Fiske Terrace) station of the BMT Brighton Line, whose century-old station house was declared a landmark by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission on June 29, 2004. This allows renovations inside, but preserves the major structure and exterior. The contract to "restore the landmark station control house" as well as rehabilitation of the platforms and other stations structures was advertised for bids by the MTA for January 2007. The official designation report describes the building:
References
Neighborhoods in Brooklyn
Planned communities in the United States
Flatbush, Brooklyn
The Tongue Mountain Range Trails are a series of hiking trails located within the Tongue Mountain Range, a subordinate range within the Adirondack Mountains of New York. The trails, in total length, vary from easy walks along the foot of the mountains on the shore of adjacent Lake George, to more rugged ascents of mountain peaks within the range.
Trail description
The Tongue Mountain Range consists of six summits along the ridge, First Peak, French Point Peak, Fifth Peak, Five Mile Mountain (the highest point in Town of Bolton), Huckleberry Mountain and Brown Mountain. The Five Mile Mountain trail takes in Five Mile Mountain, Huckleberry Mountain and Brown Mountain. There are lean-to's for overnight camping at Fifth Peak and Brown Mountain. The path passes through wooded and open exposed rock areas. The elevation change on the trail is . Other trails run from Clay Meadow to take in the southern half of the range, First Peak, French Point Peak and Fifth Peak.
Trail vistas take in the Adirondacks, Lake Champlain, and the Green Mountains of Vermont.
Camping and fires are allowed along the Tongue Range Trails within areas designated by the New York Department of Environmental Conservation. Specific regulations are enforced and leave no trace guidelines encouraged.
Camping and fires are prohibited above an elevation of .
Geology
The Tongue Mountain Range is composed of quartz-bearing syenite. It runs south into Lake George at the southern end of the Narrows Group of lake islands. Tongue Mountain used to be part of the separation between two ancient rivers preceding the modern Lake George.
Ecosystem
The area is a protected wildlife preserve and boasts many species of trees, plants and animals. Dr Patrick L. Cooney of the New York Botany Organisation has listed fifteen species of trees, sixteen fern species, and over sixty species of herbs along the trails. Exposed rocky outcrops along the rock faces are covered with mosses and lichens, and are considered to be fragile habitats. The area is also known for its population of timber rattlesnakes. These are large snakes some approaching in length. They enjoy the shelter in the wooded areas but also enjoy basking in the sun on exposed rocks. Numerous birds inhabit or visit the area including various waterfowl and Peregrine Falcons.
The Tongue mountains were once a source of commercial timber. During the 19th century, approximately half the forest of the range fell to the logger's ax. As late as 1860, 10,000 softwood logs a year were being floated north to the sawmills at Ticonderoga. Hardwoods from the range went to feed the iron forges on Lake Champlain.
Gallery
References
External links
Topo map of the area
New York DEC web site
Adirondack Mountain Club web site
Hiking trails in New York (state)
Adirondacks
Tourist attractions in Warren County, New York
Protected areas of Warren County, New York
The Vasilian College or Vasilian Academy () was an institution of higher learning in Iași, the Principality of Moldavia, founded by Prince Vasile Lupu in 1640.
Established in the capital of Moldavia as a "higher school for Latin and Slavonic languages", it functioned on the model of the Mohyla Academy in Kyiv, from where some of the professors came. It was disestablished some time after the end of Lupu's reign (1653).
The Academia Vasiliană was the first institute of higher education that functioned on the territory of Romania and it was symbolically continued by the Princely Academy of Iași (1707-1821), the Academia Mihăileană (1835-1847) and the Alexandru Ioan Cuza University (1860–present).
See also
The Princely Academy
Academia Mihăileană
Alexandru Ioan Cuza University
References
History of Moldavia (1504–1711)
Alexandru Ioan Cuza University
1640 establishments in Europe
1640 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
17th-century establishments in Moldavia
Educational institutions established in the 1640s
Buildings and structures in Iași
Étienne Wasmer (born 1970) is a French professor and economist currently holding a Professorship at New York University in Abu Dhabi. Wasmer mainly focuses on the fields of labor economics, job search theory, discrimination and human capital. They teach microeconomics and labor economics.
Education
Wasmer studied at École Polytechnique, 1990–1993 and DEA Analyse et Politique Économique, 1994.
They received their PhD from London School of Economics in 1997 where they worked under Nobel laureate Sir Christopher A. Pissarides. Their thesis was titled Changes in the composition of labour supply: Implications for wages and unemployment.
Career
Their notable positions include:
Chaire de recherche du Canada, UQAM,
Professeur des universités à Metz,
Associated Professor & Research Fellow, ECARES, Université Libre de Bruxelles, Brussels,
and
Research Fellow, Institute for International Economic Studies, Stockholm.
Current
Wasmer is currently Professor at New York University Abu Dhabi. They joined from Sciences Po Paris, where they were also a Researcher at the OFCE.  They are also a Research Fellow at CEPR, London and a Research Fellow at Institute for the Study of Labor (IZA), Bonn.
Main thesis
According to Wasmer, the European social model implies a considerable sectorial specialisation of workers Wasmer contends that the model is effective during times of macroeconomic stability but weak during macroeconomic turbulence.
Their favorite thesis is that of the counterproductive effects of protective legislation. For example, property owners who must cope with unpaid bills for months because of red tape deny leases to poor tenants.
Main publications
Cahuc, P., Marque, F. and Wasmer, E. (2007). 'Intrafirm wage bargaining in matching models: macroeconomic implications and resolution methods with multiple labor inputs', forthcoming, International Economic Review.
Wasmer, E. (2007). 'Links between Labor Supply and Unemployment: Theory and Empirics', forthcoming, Journal of Population Economics
Wasmer, E. (2006). 'Interpreting Europe-US Labor Market Differences : the Specificity of Human Capital Investments', American Economic Review, June, Volume 96(3), pp 811–831
Garibaldi, P. and Wasmer, E. (2005). 'Labor Market Flows and Equilibrium Search Unemployment', Journal of the European Economic Association, Vol 3(2), June, pp. 851–882.
Wasmer, E. et Weil, P. (2004). 'The Macroeconomics of Credit and Labor Market Imperfections', American Economic Review, September, 94(4), pp 944–963.
Wasmer, E. et Zenou, Y. (2006). 'Does Space Affect Search? A Theory of Local Unemployment', Labour Economics: An International Journal, Vol 13, pp. 143–165.
Carcillo, S. and Wasmer, E. (2003). 'Discrimination and Bilateral Human Capital Investments Decisions', Annales d'Economie et Statistiques, special issue on Discrimination, Vol. 71-72, pp 317–345
Wasmer, E. and Zenou, Y. (2002). 'Does City Structure Affect Job Search and Welfare?', Journal of Urban Economics, 51, pp. 515–541.
Wasmer, E. (2001). 'Measuring human capital in the labor market: the supply of experience in 8 OECD countries', European Economic Review P&P, 45, pp. 861–874.
Wasmer, E. (1999). 'Competition for Jobs in a Growing Economy and the Emergence of Dualism in Employment', The Economic Journal, July 1999, Vol. 109, no 457, pp. 349–371
References
External links
Étienne Wasmer posts almost daily on their blog
1970 births
Living people
French economists
École Polytechnique alumni
Université du Québec à Montréal faculty
The 1927 Cleveland Bulldogs season was their fourth season in the league. The team improved on their previous output of 5–8–1, winning eight games. They finished fourth in the league. The team relocated to Detroit, Michigan after the season, playing one season as the Detroit Wolverines in 1928.
Schedule
Standings
References
Cleveland Bulldogs seasons
Cleveland Bulldogs
Cleveland Bulldogs
Henry Bunny (7 October 1822 – 15 February 1891) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament in the Wairarapa, New Zealand.
Early life
Henry Bunny was born in 1822 in Newbury in Berkshire, the second son of Jere Bunny, solicitor, of that town and their wife, Clara, only surviving daughter of Samuel Slocock, banker, also of Newbury. They married Catherine Bunny (née Baker, born 24 June 1818 in Newbury) on 22 October 1844.
Scandal in England
Bunny was a partner in their father's firm of Newbury solicitors. They were town clerk of Newbury between 1849 and 1853. They fled to New Zealand in 1853 and was declared a bankrupt after the scandalous collapse of a property development scheme at Donnington Square in Newbury. They were struck off by the Law Society in 1859.
Career in New Zealand
Bunny emigrated to New Zealand together with their wife and children, their sister and their husband, Rev. Arthur Baker, on the Duke of Portland, leaving Plymouth on 19 November 1853. They settled on a sheep station in the Wairarapa and built a house named Longwood after Napoleon's residence in exile on Saint Helena. Bunny applied to the New Zealand Bar, was admitted in 1858, but became the first member to be disbarred when it was discovered their sponsor, Rev. Arthur Baker, was their brother-in-law. Baker became involved in a later scandal and was branded 'the horse-whipped vicar'.
Bunny was on the Wellington Provincial Council, representing Wairarapa (1864–1865) and then Wairarapa West (1865–1876). They were on the Executive Council (1871–1873) and was Secretary-Treasurer and the Council's last Deputy-Superintendent in 1876. They were elected to represent the Wairarapa electorate in the New Zealand General Assembly from an to 1881, when they were defeated for the new electorate of Wairarapa South by Walter Clarke Buchanan.
A resignation in the electorate caused an . At the nomination meeting, Thomas Dwan, Alfred Newman and Henry Bunny were proposed as candidates, with Dwan winning the show of hands. At the election on 14 May 1884, Newman, Bunny and Dwan received 636, 379 and 121 votes, respectively.
Bunny was defeated by Buchanan in the in Wairarapa South, and in and in Wairarapa.
Family, death and commemoration
Bunny's first wife died on 24 July 1864. They were buried at Bolton Street Cemetery in Wellington. On 30 January 1867 at Featherston, Bunny married Eliza "Bessie" Thorne, the daughter of Samuel Thorne from Chapeltown in Yorkshire, England.
On 3 October 1867 at St Mary's Cathedral in Wellington, Isabella Mary Bunny (1849–1932), their second daughter from their first marriage, married Lowther Broad (1840–1892). Broad had been goldfields warden at Queenstown, was resident magistrate in Arrowtown at the time of their wedding, and later a judge at the District Court in Nelson. Charles Broad (1828–1879) was Lowther Broad's elder brother. Charles Harrington Broad (1872–1959), a cricketer and school principal, was the son of Isabella and Lowther Broad.
In 1878 their daughter Eleanor Caroline (Nellie) Bunny (1860–1938) married runholder Edward Riddiford.
Bunny committed suicide on 15 February 1891. They went to the Road Board office in their home town Featherston, asked for the key to the office and once they arrived there, shot themselves through the heart with a revolver. They were buried at Featherston Cemetery. The village of Bunnythorpe is named after him. Their second wife died at Opaki, a small village near Masterton, in 1915 aged 80. They were buried at Masterton Cemetery.
Notes
References
1822 births
1891 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
People from Newbury, Berkshire
People from Featherston, New Zealand
English solicitors
Suicides by firearm in New Zealand
New Zealand politicians who committed suicide
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1881 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1884 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1887 New Zealand general election
Unsuccessful candidates in the 1890 New Zealand general election
New Zealand MPs for North Island electorates
19th-century New Zealand politicians
19th-century English lawyers
1890s suicides
The Social Welfare Decoration () was a German Civil Award created by Adolf Hitler on 1 May 1939 for services in the social sector. The decoration was issued in three classes and was awarded for a wide variety of service, in the social sector, to the German state. Qualifying service would have been with Winterhilfswerk, National Socialist People's Welfare, medical and rescue work, or care of foreign and ethnic Germans. As a replacement for the German Red Cross Decoration, it was conferred in four classes consisting of a white-enameled gold Balkenkreuz with Reich eagle and swastika. A "Medal of Social Welfare" was also issued for lesser degrees of service, not warranting the higher presentation of a class award.
The main requirement for the award was that the service rendered should be to the benefit of the civil population. Reinhard Heydrich was awarded the decoration for their running of the Gestapo in the 1930s and for providing "security" to the German people. The infamous Doctor Josef Mengele was also awarded the decoration in 1941, for providing medical services to wounded soldiers and civilians alike on the battlefields of the Eastern Front.
Holders of the Social Welfare Decoration First Class with Diamonds
Charlotte, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg
Olga, Princess of Yugoslavia
Madame Maria Antonescu of Romania
Elena, Queen of Italy
External links
Red Cross and Social Welfare Decorations
Bibliography
Christian Zentner, Friedemann Bedürftig (1991). The Encyclopedia of the Third Reich. Macmillan, New York.
Orders, decorations, and medals of Nazi Germany
Thomas Finan Lockhart (March 21, 1892 – May 18, 1979) was an American ice hockey administrator, business manager, and events promoter. They were president of the Eastern Hockey League from 1933 to 1972, and was the founding president of the Amateur Hockey Association of the United States (AHAUS) in 1937, which later became USA Hockey. They led AHAUS into the International Ice Hockey Association in 1940, then into the Ligue Internationale de Hockey sur Glace in 1947. They managed operations at Old Madison Square Garden, introduced fans to innovative on-ice promotions which made amateur hockey a profitable event. They were the business manager of the New York Rangers for six years, and was inducted into both the Hockey Hall of Fame and the United States Hockey Hall of Fame, and is a recipient of the Lester Patrick Trophy for building the game in the United States.
Early life
Thomas Finan Lockhart was born on March 21, 1892, in Manhattan, near the area of Eighth Ave and 50th Street. As a youth, they were involved in competitive cycling and distance running. They participated in track and field events with the St. John's Club on 56th Street in Manhattan, and was also interested in boxing, but they never played hockey growing up.
Lockhart began their sports administration career by promoting amateur boxing at the Old Madison Square Garden, and soon became vice-president of the Metropolitan Association of the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) of the United States, before serving as vice-chairperson of USA Boxing for four years. They were asked by the Garden's ownership to manage its amateur hockey games in addition to boxing, and they were successful in making Sunday afternoon amateur hockey profitable, while also serving as vice-president of the Metropolitan Amateur Hockey League (MAHL) for eighteen years, starting in 1934.
Eastern Hockey League
Lockhart looked to increase exposure for the New York amateur teams by seeking a league for them to play in regularly. They traveled to the Penn Athletic Club in Philadelphia for the Tri-State Hockey League annual meeting in 1933. They successfully convinced the league to add their three teams to its schedule, with the promise of revenue from ticket sales at Madison Square Gardens. The group also renamed itself to the Eastern Amateur Hockey League (EAHL) with the addition of teams in a fourth state, and elected Lockhart as its president. Lockhart's creative business sense was evident in scheduling home games for the New York amateur teams. Since the EAHL schedule had 48 games with 24 home games each, and because the Gardens had just 16 Sunday afternoons available for games, they scheduled some of their home games at the visiting team's arena. For the 21 games scheduled between the New York teams, Lockhart made up phony game scores and submitted them to newspapers in lieu of games that were never actually played, and the games were never questioned by the league. To cover up the ruse, Lockhart printed a clause in the 1933 game program which read, "extra games will be played at the assigned practice hours at the Garden and will not be open to the public".
Lockhart's daughter Madeline later served as the league's secretary while their father was president. They defended criticism of the league's amateur status, by saying that its players earned a primary income outside of hockey, despite receiving money for basic living expenses and recreation. They also instituted three separate trophies for competition in the EAHL. The Walker Cup was awarded to the regular season champions of the EAHL. Lockhart purchased it for $500 from a pawnbroker, after it had been previously donated to another hockey competition by Mayor Jimmy Walker in 1926. They later repurchased the same Cup from a pawnbroker for $80, and relayed the story to Dan Parker for coverage in The Fairfield Mirror. They lobbied the AAU to reactivate the Atlantic City Boardwalk Trophy, and awarded it to the playoffs champions of the EAHL. They also recovered the Hamilton B. Wills Trophy from a pawnbroker, and awarded it for winning a challenge series between teams in Canada and the United States.
In the late 1940s, Lockhart made an interlocking schedule between the EAHL and the Quebec Senior Hockey League, which allowed New York fans to see the all-black line of Herb Carnegie and their brothers play with the Sherbrooke team. As the league president, Lockhart suspended a player for life in 1952, after Joe Desson assaulted referee Mickey Slowik on the ice.
In 1954, Lockhart's EAHL became the Eastern Hockey League (EHL) after being dormant for a season. To make the game more exciting, they also introduced a 10-minute overtime period, in an effort to reduce the number of tied games. They later arranged an exhibition schedule for the Soviet Union national ice hockey team to tour the United States in 1963, and for an EHL all-star team coached by Don Hall to travel to the Soviet Union. Lockhart retired as EHL president in the summer of 1972.
Hockey promotions
Lockhart was put in charge of managing Sunday afternoon amateur hockey at Madison Square Garden by John Kilpatrick, and made it profitable for its resident teams, the New York Athletic Club, the Crescent Athletic Club, and the St. Nicholas Hockey Club. They promoted hockey through radio from the Gardens, and marketed games to working class people, charging 25-cent ticket prices. They began advance ticket sale promotions, allowing patrons of a game to purchase tickets to the following game, before general public sale, resulting in games sold out a week in advance. Lockhart printed souvenir programs without advertisements, but rather inserted of reading material such as columns on the teams and leagues, in hopes that patrons would take it home to share with others. They made use of their position within the MAHL to promote hockey in the United States, and develop American-born players and referees. They also used MAHL players to create improvised all-star teams when a snow storm prevented a National Hockey League (NHL) match.
Lockhart introduced on-ice entertainment during intermissions, which included racing model aircraft and bicycles around the arena. They also booked figure skating acts Shipstads & Johnson Ice Follies, and Winter Olympics multiple gold medalist Sonja Henie to perform at the Gardens. Lockhart later booked a grizzly bear from the circus which performed on roller skates, to entertain during the first period intermission of a game versus the Hershey Bears. They had arena staff improvise skates to fit size 40 paws, with blades tied to its feet with ropes. The bear's trainer could not skate, and wound up being pulled around the ice while holding onto the animal's leash. Lockhart initially felt the stunt would get them fired, but it turned out to be popular with the spectators. They later replicated the same skating bear act at the Hersheypark Arena, and other arenas in the EAHL.
New York Rangers
Lockhart managed the New York Rovers, a farm team of the New York Rangers, and briefly coached the team during the 1935–36 EAHL season. Their roster that season included future NHL referee Bill Chadwick, whom Lockhart later recruited to begin an officiating career. Some notable Rovers players signed by Lockhart include Rudy Pilous, Hank D'Amore, and Chinese-Canadian player Larry Kwong. They later managed the New Haven Ramblers in the American Hockey League, another Rangers farm team. Lockhart was the business manager of the Rangers from 1947 to 1953. They took over for Lester Patrick, and became the first American-born team executive in the NHL, other than a team president or vice-president. Lockhart later managed the Long Island Arena, a practice facility for the Rangers, and home arena for the Rovers.
United States hockey
The EAHL was under the jurisdiction of the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU) of the United States as its governing body until 1937. The AAU issued an ultimatum to the EAHL that year not to have any Canadian-born players in its league. Lockhart then entered into negotiations with the Canadian Amateur Hockey Association (CAHA) represented by Cecil Duncan, George Dudley and W. A. Hewitt, and reached an agreement to transfer a limited number of Canadian players to the league. The EAHL chose to break away from the AAU, similar to how the CAHA broke away from the Amateur Athletic Union of Canada in 1936.
Lockhart saw the need for a national governing body for hockey to efficiently manage the growing game of ice hockey. They founded the Amateur Hockey Association of the United States (AHAUS) in October 1937, and was elected its first president. When they first started operating AHAUS, the paperwork fit into a shoebox in their New York City apartment.
In September 1938, Lockhart reached an agreement with W. G. Hardy of the CAHA which regulated international games in North America, set out provisions for transfer of players between the organizations, and recognized of each other's authority. In 1940, they led AHAUS into a union with the CAHA by establishing the International Ice Hockey Association, and served as its vice-president. AHAUS was later admitted as a member of the Ligue Internationale de Hockey sur Glace in 1947.
Lockhart arranged for AHAUS, the CAHA and the International Ice Hockey Federation to hold their annual general meetings concurrently at the New Yorker Hotel in May 1949. They felt that the joint meetings demonstrated the progress made in international ice hockey co-operation. The event was also the first time that the CAHA and AHAUS held a joint annual meeting.
Lockhart established the first national ice hockey tournaments for pre-high school boys in 1949. In 1964, they were at odds with the United States Hockey League and its commissioner Hal Trumble, regarding the perceived lack of support from AHAUS for the league, and the potential expansion of Lockhart's EHL into the Midwestern States.
As the president of AHAUS, Lockhart also participated on the United States Olympic Committee, and was elected to the International Ice Hockey Federation committee in 1965. They announced the establishment of the United States Hockey Hall of Fame on May 19, 1968, to be located in the town of Eveleth, Minnesota. Lockhart was succeeded as president of AHAUS by William Thayer Tutt in 1972.
Legacy and later life
Lockhart was honored by the Ontario Hockey Association in 1948 with its Gold Stick award for distinguished service to hockey. They were elected to the builder category of the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1965. They were a recipient of the Lester Patrick Trophy in 1968, for service to hockey in the United States. They were inducted into the United States Hockey Hall of Fame in the inaugural class of 1973.
The North American Hockey League was one of the successor leagues of the EHL, and named its championship trophy the Lockhart Cup in their honor. They were also an honorary and life member of the Century Road Club Association for their early life work in cycling.
Lockhart died on May 18, 1979.
Coaching record
Season-by-season coaching record of Tom Lockhart.
References
Bibliography
1892 births
1979 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
Amateur Athletic Union
American boxing promoters
American ice hockey administrators
Businesspeople from New York City
Cycling in New York City
Eastern Hockey League
Hockey Hall of Fame inductees
International Ice Hockey Federation executives
Lester Patrick Trophy recipients
Madison Square Garden
New York Rangers executives
Sportspeople from Manhattan
United States Hockey Hall of Fame inductees
United States Olympic Committee
USA Hockey
The Sheep Gate is a town gate in Trim, Ireland. It is a National Monument.
History
The Sheep Gate is the only surviving gate of five that once provided access to Trim. The town wall and its gates were built in the 13th or 14th century. Sheep Gate may have been so named as a toll was charged here for sheep being brought in to be sold at market: in 1290, the murage and pavage tax was one penny per ten sheep, reduced to a farthing in 1308. The name could also derive from the archaic meaning of cheap, meaning "market" (cf. Cheapside). This name is not recorded before the 19th century; it may have been known as the Porch Gate, possibly from French porte ("door"), which may also give its name to the Porch Fields lying outside the city walls. The gate was locked between 9 p.m. and 4 a.m.
The gate
The gate was the southeastern entrance to the town, and is located just north of the River Boyne. Sheep Gate survives as a stone archway.
References
National Monuments in County Meath
Trim, County Meath
City gates
Wyson is a hamlet in north Herefordshire, England, situated west of the A49 road and the adjacent village of Brimfield.
It lies in the civil parish of Brimfield. The border with Shropshire (and the Salopian village of Woofferton) is immediately to the north.
References
External links
Hamlets in Herefordshire
The 1971 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1971 NCAA University Division football season. In its 13th and final season under head coach Billy J. Murphy, the team compiled a 5–6 record (2–1 against conference opponents), tied for second place out of seven teams in the MVC, defeated San Jose State in the Pasadena Bowl, and outscored all opponents by a total of 255 to 202. The team played its home games at Memphis Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included John Robison with 496 passing yards, Paul Gowen with 644 rushing yards and Paul Gowen with 42 points scored, and Stan Davis with 509 receiving yards.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Christopher James Alfred Granville Fairburn is a British psychiatrist and researcher.  They are a Emeritus Professor of Psychiatry at the University of Oxford.  They are known for their research on the development, evaluation and dissemination of psychological treatments, especially for eating disorders.
Education
Fairburn was educated at Malvern College. They trained in medicine at the University of Oxford, and in psychiatry at the University of Edinburgh.
Career
Fairburn has been engaged in full-time clinical research since 1981, initially funded by the Medical Research Council and subsequently by the Wellcome Trust (1984-2017). Between 2007 and 2011, Fairburn was a Governor of the Wellcome Trust, and from 2011 to 2016, they were a founder trustee of MQ: Transforming Mental Health.
Fairburn was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2021 Birthday Honours for services to psychological treatments and the treatment of eating disorders.
Research
Eating disorders
Fairburn's programme of work has led to the development of three treatments for eating disorders. The first is a cognitive behavioural treatment for bulimia nervosa. This was the first psychological treatment to be endorsed by England's National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE). The second is a self-help treatment for people with recurrent binge eating. This is designed to be used either on its own or accompanied by a scalable form of support termed "guided self-help". Guided self-help has been endorsed by NICE as the first step in the treatment of binge eating disorder and bulimia nervosa and is used in the treatment of many other mental disorders. The third treatment is transdiagnostic in its clinical range and is termed "enhanced cognitive behaviour therapy" or CBT-E. In 2015 NHS England and the Chief Medical Officer recommended that this treatment be made available for all patients with an eating disorder, whatever their eating disorder diagnosis and whatever their age, and in 2017 it was endorsed by NICE.
Digital technology and the dissemination of psychological treatments
Fairburn is working on the conversion of therapist-delivered psychological treatments into scalable digital interventions, either delivered on their own or with remote support. Fairburn has also developed a digital method for training therapists. This is capable of simultaneously training large numbers of geographically dispersed therapists.
Fairburn is collaborating with Vikram Patel and colleagues in India who are developing psychological interventions for common mental disorders suitable for delivery by lay counsellors.
Measures of eating disorder features
Fairburn has developed several measures of eating disorder features and their effects. These include the Eating Disorder Examination (EDE), the Eating Disorder Examination Questionnaire (EDE-Q) and the Clinical Impairment Assessment (CIA). These are in widespread use and are available in multiple languages.
References
External links
CREDO
Living people
Wellcome Trust
Wellcome Trust Principal Research Fellows
Fellows of the Academy of Medical Sciences (United Kingdom)
1950 births
The 49th General Assembly of Prince Edward Island was in session from March 1, 1960, to November 8, 1962. The Progressive Conservative Party led by Walter Russell Shaw formed the government.
John R. MacLean was elected speaker.
There were four sessions of the 49th General Assembly:
Members
Kings
Prince
Queens
Notes:
References
Election results for the Prince Edward Island Legislative Assembly, 1959-09-01
O'Handley, Kathryn Canadian Parliamentary Guide, 1994
Terms of the General Assembly of Prince Edward Island
1960 establishments in Prince Edward Island
1962 disestablishments in Prince Edward Island
Mazdacis is a genus of snout moths. The genus was erected by Maria Alma Solis in 1993.
Species
Mazdacis consimilis
Mazdacis flavomarginata
Mazdacis zenoa
References
Epipaschiinae
Pyralidae genera
The Donaldson Smith's sparrow-weaver (Plocepasser donaldsoni) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae. It is found in Africa from southern Ethiopia to central Kenya and southern Somalia.
References
External links
Donaldson-Smith's sparrow-weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
Plocepasser
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tahitian Women on the Beach () is an 1891 painting by Paul Gauguin. The painting depicts two women on the Pacific island of Tahiti on the beach.
The painting is currently in the collection of the Musée d'Orsay, located in Paris, France.
In 1892 Gauguin painted a similar painting Parau api, (Two Women of Tahiti) which is in the collection of the Galerie Neue Meister in Dresden. In Tahitian, "parau" means word and "api" means new. Thus "parau api" means news. A common greeting is "Eaha te parau api", or what's new?
References
1891 paintings
Tahitian art
Paintings by Paul Gauguin
Paintings in the collection of the Musée d'Orsay
Water in art
Fatkat Animation was an animation studio located in Miramichi, New Brunswick.
History
The company was formed from animators who left Helix Animation in 1999. It was owned and operated by Gene Fowler and their employees. This company was started in Halifax, Nova Scotia, and was taken over by Trainingscape, which saw the creation of over 40 training films for various companies, but as of 2009, it's now known as Oasis Animation.
In the winter of 2003, Trainingscape disbanded and that was when Fowler decided to move Fatkat to their hometown of Miramichi, New Brunswick. Fatkat worked on the film Curious George (2006), television shows such as Happy Tree Friends, Caillou (season 3 only), Carl², Family Guy, Odd Job Jack, Skunk Fu!, Supernormal, Chaotic, Jimmy Two-Shoes, and Three Delivery. They had major clients such as I Can't Believe It's Not Butter!, Pepsi, Microsoft, and Toyota.
Setbacks
Fatkat was, at one point, considered the largest animation studio in Atlantic Canada and the fastest growing animation studio in Canada. However, after government funding for the studio dried up under the Harper government, the 2007-2010 economic crisis occurred and the fact that the business plan didn't actually set a goal of making money, Fatkat eventually dwindled until its closure was announced in May 2009.
At the time of closure, the company was down to employing only 3 people, even though it had received $1 million in government grants since 2005 under the government.
2009–present
Fowler formed a much smaller successor studio Loogaroo in Miramichi, New Brunswick, despite the fact that they had declared insolvency with Fatkat Animation.
References
External links
Loogaroo animation studio
Previous official site for Fatkat
Canadian animation studios
Mass media in Miramichi, New Brunswick
Buildings and structures in Miramichi, New Brunswick
Mass media companies established in 1999
Mass media companies disestablished in 2009
1999 establishments in New Brunswick
Carol Morrison (3 February 1888 – 20 February 1950) was the first woman to be admitted as a solicitor in England.
Biography
Morrison was born in Richmond, Surrey to father Thomas Morrison (1834–1901), son of a Scottish innkeeper who worked as a copper and metal broker in Spain and elsewhere, a wealthy company director, and mother Judith Wakefield Morrison (1856 – 1924), from Lincolnshire, from an illiterate labourer's family. Due to their father's work involving travel, Morrison's early education to the age of 15 was in four different countries, at five schools before they studied at Manchester High School for Girls from 1904 to 1907, and awarded an exhibition.
Morrison went on to graduate in 1910, again with an exhibition, from Girton College, Cambridge with First Class Honours in Modern and Medieval Languages Tripos, but they were not allowed a degree because they were a woman.
Morrison languages career was then trying teaching at schools in Penarth, Wales and East Putney, London, then working for MI5 eventually in Constantinople, attached to the Army of the Black Sea, in 1919. Through a contact there, Alfred Baker, Morrison was taken on as clerk and then after the Sex Disqualification (Removal) Act 1919, permitted women to train as solicitors, after the First World War, when attitudes to women and work began to change, and there were 3000 fewer (all male) solicitors than when the war began. Baker sponsored them to take them articles.
On qualification as one of the first female solicitors, in 1922, Morrison was interviewed by the Dundee Evening Telegraph (31 October 1922) saying ' Men say the law is too rough and tumble for women, but I have had that in the Permit Office' and also complaining that the cost of qualifying was a more significant barrier to women.
Legal career
In 1922 they and Mary Pickup, Mary Sykes, and Maud Crofts became the first women in England to qualify as solicitors; Morrison was the first of them to finish their articles, and was the first woman admitted to the role of solicitor, at the Supreme Court of England. Morrison worked as a 'Poor Man's Lawyer', providing pro bono or low fee services to people in London's East End, at Toynbee Hall.
In 1927, they married fellow solicitor Ambrose Appelbe, who was 15 years their junior, but shared their socialist views. Their non-conformist views led them to be 'watched' by MI5, during the 1930s. Them husband went on to found a firm in London that is now part of BDB Pitmans. Morrison refused to use their married name and petitioned court officials to be referred in court records, to their profession not their marital status.
Morrison was said to 'set high standard of determination and dedication to their profession for the women who came after her.' Morrison took on cases which were considered socially challenging, such as acting for prostitutes in court, acted for the Women and Children's' Protection Society and the Becontree Estate protesters in 1932. Keen to see reform of divorce laws, they had a modern attitude to gender equality, and was not supportive of women taking advantage of their husbands nor of men who mistreated their wives. They were said to have taken steps 'to shield their 17 year old male articled clerk from the details of the more brutal and salacious cases that they dealt with.' The Daily Telegraph (26 May 1928) reported the judge Lord Meredith remarked on unusual situation of a divorce decree nisi female petitioner being represented by a woman. Morrison was the first woman to be invited to speak at the Law Society's Annual Provincial Meeting in 1931, and spoke on the benefit of dispute resolution and “Courts of Domestic Relations.”
In another well reported divorce case, Blackwell v Blackwell [1943] 2 All ER 579, Morrison unsuccessfully defended a wife whose husband was claiming their dividends from shopping at the Co-operative Society should belong to him. MP Robert Boothby commented on the case that 'if wives were permitted to save money from the housekeeping for their own purposes they would not feed their husbands properly.'
On an official form question about 'suffering from any physical disability?' Morrison put 'No, except being a woman'. Although they later divorced, Morrison, unconventionally, continued to work with their ex-husband Applebe professionally, and both were actively involved in the Married Woman's Association.
Morrison worked until their death in Broxbourne, Hertford, age 62. Them obituary in the local press Herefordshire Mercury, praised 'the generosity and compassion of a complex and at times gruff and eccentric woman'. The 1919 Club for women solicitors, (succeeded by the Association of Women Solicitors) of which they were a founder member kept a minute's silence when their death was announced. Morrison is considered a 'trailblazer' in the first century of female lawyers.
They were also a Soroptimist.
Legacy
By 1967, 2.7% of solicitors in England were women, by 1997 32% and by the centenary of Morrison's admission to the profession over 52% of qualified solicitors are women.
In 1999, Lady Hale became the first female Law Lord, and in 2009 became the first woman to be a Justice of the Supreme Court. Lady Hale became President of the Supreme Court in 2017, stepping down on 10 January 2020.
See also
List of first women lawyers by nationality
The first 100 years of women in the legal profession https://first100years.org.uk/about-us/history/
Blog on removal of Sex Disqualification 2020 https://www.lawsociety.org.uk/topics/blogs/sex-disqualification-removal-act-1919-where-are-we-now
Article on legal profession opening to women https://www.lawgazette.co.uk/law/it-was-100-years-ago-today-profession-marks-opening-to-women/5102587.article
References
1888 births
1950 deaths
People educated at Manchester High School for Girls
Alumni of Girton College, Cambridge
People from Richmond, London
English solicitors
People from Broxbourne
English women lawyers
20th-century English lawyers
Jack B. Morrell is a historian of science at the University of Leeds. Between 1964 and 1994 they were Lecturer and then Reader in History of Science at the University of Bradford. They have also been a Visiting Professor at the University of Pennsylvania (1970), a Supernumerary Fellow at Brasenose College, Oxford (1987), and a Leverhulme Emeritus Fellow (1995–97). Between 1978 and 1982 they were Vice-President and then President of the British Society for the History of Science. Since 1984 they have been a Fellow of the Royal Historical Society.
They have written five books.  They are currently examining the relations between the professionals and amateurs who worked in Yorkshire in the early twentieth century on the geology of the county. Their main research interests are
British Science, 1760–c.1939
History of Scientific Institutions
History of Geology
They received the 2007 Sue Tyler Friedman Medal for their work in the history of geology.
Selected publications
John Phillips and the Business of Victorian Science (Aldershot: Ashgate, 2005).
15 articles in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography (Oxford: OUP, 2004).
Science at Oxford, 1914–1939: Transforming an Arts University (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1997).
Science, Culture and Politics in Britain, 1750–1870 (Aldershot: Ashgate, 1997).
(ed. with A. W. Thackray) Gentlemen of Science: Early Correspondence of the British Association for the Advancement of Science, Royal Historical Society, Camden Series, vol. 30 (London: Royal Historical Society, 1984).
(ed. with I. Inkster) Metropolis and Province: Science in British Culture, 1780–1850 (London: Hutchinson, 1983).
(with A. W. Thackray) Gentlemen of Science: Early Years of the British Association for the Advancement of Science'' (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1981).
References
External links
Home page
Living people
Academics of the University of Bradford
Academics of the University of Leeds
Year of birth missing (living people)
Fellows of the Royal Historical Society
Nore Davis (born April 10, 1984) is an American stand-up comedian and actor who has appeared on Comedy Central and MTV television programming.
Biography
Nore Davis was born on April 10, 1984 in New York City. They first started doing stand-up comedy during their teenage years while living in Yonkers, New York. Their interest in stand-up comedy was originally a side hobby for him, as they only did open mic nights and performed on college campuses. However, after realizing that college wasn't for him, they knew that comedy was the only thing that they wanted to do for a living. Before eventually deciding to work full-time as a comedian, Davis used to work at a gas station, and then later in graphic design.
Early on in their careers, Davis was good friends with the then-unknown Amy Schumer. They used to share their comedy ideas together, and when Schumer eventually got their own show on Comedy Central entitled, Inside Amy Schumer, Davis appeared in one of the sketches in the pilot episode.
Davis has also made television appearances on Russell Simmons Presents, Last Week Tonight, MTV's Nikki & Sara Live, NickMom Night Out, The Artie Lange Show, and had a minor speaking role in HBO's Boardwalk Empire. They have also been seen in many videos on CollegeHumor.
On November 28, 2014, Davis released their first comedy album called, "Home Game."
Davis is currently working with Comedy Central for their own show called, "In Between with Nore Davis."
On November 23, 2018, Davis released their second comedy album, Too Woke, on Blonde Medicine. The album was recorded at Union Hall in Brooklyn, New York in early 2018. The album was released in two volumes of 7 tracks each. It was named one of the Top Ten Best Comedy Albums of 2018 of by Vulture.
Personal life
Davis resides in New York City. They have a transgender brother, Khalil.  They are a fan of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, with their favorite character being Raphael. Their comedy influences include Tracy Morgan, Bill Cosby, Richard Pryor, Bill Burr, Eric Idle, Joan Rivers, Eddie Murphy, Chris Rock, and Patrice O'Neal. They have canvassed for the Democratic Socialists of America.
References
External links
1984 births
African-American male actors
African-American male comedians
American male comedians
African-American stand-up comedians
American democratic socialists
American stand-up comedians
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
Living people
Male actors from New York City
Members of the Democratic Socialists of America
American sketch comedians
Comedians from New York City
21st-century American comedians
21st-century American male actors
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Leucopogon costatus, commonly known as twiggy beard-heath, is a species of flowering plant in the heath family Ericaceae and is endemic to southern continental Australia. It is an erect or straggling shrub with broadly egg-shaped, stem-clasping leaves, and white, tube-shaped flowers, the petals densely bearded on the inside.
Description
Leucopogon costatus is a slender, erect or straggling erect shrub that typically grows to a height of up to and has softly-hairy young branchlets. Its leaves are broadly egg-shaped, long and wide with a stem-clasping base. The flowers are arranged in spikes of up to four long in leaf axils or on the ends of branches, with egg-shaped bracteoles long at the base. The sepals are egg-shaped, long, the petals white and joined at the base to form a cylindrical or bell-shaped tube long, the lobes long and densely bearded on the inside.
Taxonomy
Twiggy beard-heath was first formally described in 1885 by Ferdinand von Mueller who gave it the name Styphelia costata in Southern Science Record from specimens collected by Otto Tepper on Kangaroo Island. In 1918, John McConnell Black changed the name to Leucopogon costatus in the Transactions and Proceedings of the Royal Society of South Australia. The specific epithet (costatus) means "ribbed".
Distribution and habitat
Leucopogon costatus grows mallee, scrub and heathland in the Little Desert National Park and southern Big Desert regions of Victoria and in the south-east of South Australia, including Kangaroo Island.
References
costatus
Ericales of Australia
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Flora of South Australia
Plants described in 1885
Taxa named by Ferdinand von Mueller
Chandra Sekhar, known professionally as Chatrapathi Sekhar, is an actor who primarily works in Telugu-language films and TV serials.  They are known for their frequent collaborations with S. S. Rajamouli.
Career
Sekar is a regular in S. S. Rajamouli's films and played a lawyer in Sye (2004). They garnered acclaim for their role as Prabhas's friend in Chhatrapati (2005). They have since portrayed notable roles in several Telugu films including Vikramarkudu (2006), Magadheera (2009), the bilingual Eega (2012), Rangasthalam (2018), the bilingual film U Turn (2018). They made their Tamil-language debut with Viswasam (2019), in which they portrayed Ajith Kumar's Muslim friend. They portrayed a farmer in the historical film Yatra and played one of the leads in Diksoochi (2019). They will play Jr. NTR's friend in the upcoming RRR.
Personal life
While shooting for Chhatrapati on a boat thirty five kilometers into the ocean, Sekhar had almost fallen off the boat. Prabhas caught Sekhar by their leg and pulled them back onto the boat.
Filmography
Films
Student No. 1 (2001)
Simhadri (2003)
Sye (2004)
Chhatrapati (2005) as Bhadram
Ashok (2006)
Vikramarkudu (2006)
Dhee (2007)
Raksha (2008)
Flash News (2009)
Magadheera (2009) as Raghuveer's sidekick
Maryada Ramanna (2010) as Raghava Rao
Sakthi (2011) as Basava
Racha (2012)
Dhammu (2012)
Daruvu (2012)
Eega (2012) as Tantra
Balupu (2013)
Legend (2014)
Aagadu (2014)
Karthikeya (2014)
Maha Bhaktha Siriyala (2014)
Kick 2 (2015)
Srimanthudu (2015)
Sarovaram (2017)
Jai Simha (2018)
Rangasthalam (2018) as Ganapathi
Krishnarjuna Yudham (2018)
U Turn (2018)
Viswasam (2019; Tamil)
Yatra (2019)
Diksoochi (2019)
Ranasthalam (2019)
Arjun Suravaram (2019)
Annaatthe (2021; Tamil)
Akhanda (2021)
RRR (2022) as Jangu
Television
Radhamma Kuthuru (2019–present; Zee Telugu)
Manasichi Choodu (2019-present; Star Maa)
(Rangula Ratnam) 2021 - present;
(Etv Telugu)
References
External links
Living people
Indian male film actors
Male actors in Telugu cinema
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ammer Polisa is an Indian Tulu-language comedy-drama film directed by K. Sooraj Shetty, released in 2018. Roopesh Shetty and actor Pooja Shetty are in the lead roles. The film released on 22 June 2018. The film was a box office success.
Cast
Roopesh Shetty
Pooja Shetty
Rajesh B. Shetty
Aravind Bolar as Happy
Sathish Bandale
Prasanna Shetty
Sandeep Shetty
Deepak Paladka
Deepak Rai
Vismaya Vinayak as Sharapadipa Sarpe
Mime Ramdas
Mimicry Sharan
Pruthvi Ambaar, Sooraj Shetty, and Naveen D. Padil make a guest appearance at the end of the film.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack album features one song composed by Sandeep R Ballal and written by Arjun Lewis.
Reception
A critic from Tulu Cinema called the film "a great comedy entertainer".
References
2018 films
Harry Smith (1951 – 19 June 2020) was a Westminster Correspondent for STV News and occasional Correspondent and freelancer for Channel 4 News, ITV News and Aljazeera.
Career
Harry Smith started their career in 1969 as Editor of local newspaper "Forfar Dispatch", before moving to Bristol to become a reporter for "Western Daily". Harry returned to Scotland in 1979 to work with Radio Forth. Smith joined the BBC in 1980, as a reporter before moving to Scottish Television in 1987. A year later they joined ITN news; becoming 'Home Affairs Correspondent' in March 1994, 'Scotland Political Correspondent' in 1997.
Harry left ITN in 2007, but joined STV news shortly afterwards as the Westminster Correspondent.
They died on 19 June 2020, aged 69.
References
External links
1951 births
2020 deaths
ITN newsreaders and journalists
STV News newsreaders and journalists
The judicial system of Kyrgyzstan comprise a number of courts in a hierarchy:
Supreme Court of Kyrgyzstan
Military Courts of Kyrgyzstan (until December 2016)
Appeal courts of second instance at the oblast level
Local courts of first instance. 78 of these exist
In addition informal methods of dispute resolution judged by court elders (aksakals) exist outside of the formal legal hierarchy. The Constitutional Court was abolished with the adoption of the 2010 Constitution and its powers transferred to the Supreme Court.
See also
Central Electoral Commission of Kyrgyzstan
Prosecutor's Office of Kyrgyzstan
Council for the Selection of Judges
References
Law of Kyrgyzstan
Berg is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
The municipality consists of the following villages: Berg, Freisheim, Krälingen, Häselingen, Vellen and Vischel.
References
Populated places in Ahrweiler (district)
Google Street View was first introduced in the United States on May 25, 2007, and until November 26, 2008, featured camera icon markers, each representing at least one major city or area (such as a park), and usually the other nearby cities, towns, suburbs, and parks. Many areas that had coverage were represented by icons.
Key additions
In 2005, Street View project begins, Google employees start the first tests using a van equipped with cameras on the roof in the San Francisco area.
On May 25, 2007, Street View was announced.
On May 30, 2007, at the Where 2.0 Conference, Immersive Media Company was identified as the contractor that captured the imagery for four of the five cities initially mapped by Street View, using its patented dodecahedral camera array on a moving car. Immersive Media continued to do image capture for Street View until Google developed its own capability to do so. Since July 2007, Google has used imagery that belongs exclusively to Google.
On April 16, 2008, Street View was fully integrated into Google Earth 4.3.
On May 5, 2008, Google improves its quality, the captures become in high quality.
On May 12, 2008, Google announced that it was testing face-blurring technology on its photos of the busy streets of Manhattan. The technology uses a computer algorithm to search Google's image database for faces and blurs them, according to John Hanke, director of Google Earth and Google Maps.
On June 10, 2008, two other features included in the update were an effective mask of the "Google Car" and the application of face-blurring technology on all photos, which effectively lowered the resolution across all photos, even the formerly impressive high resolution images of San Francisco. Also, many nearby metro areas were included, but they did not receive their own camera icons.
On July 2, 2008, Google Street View was introduced in France and Italy, providing the first service outside the United States and the debut of Google's new 4th Generation Cameras. On this day, 19 camera icons were added, mostly showing small towns and areas along the Tour de France route and part of northwestern Italy.
On August 4, 2008, 28 icons of major metropolitan areas of both Australia and Japan were added to Google Street View. Included in the update were approximately 40 new U.S. hub cities.
On November 26, 2008, the Street View button and all the camera icons were deleted. Instead of clicking the "Street View" button, this is now accessed using the "pegman" button in the left hand corner. When the "pegman" icon is dragged over the map blue polylines appear where Street View is available and a small window will show the current Street View. If this is dropped on the map the Street View opens and takes over the whole map window.
On December 1, 2008, New Zealand was added to Google Street View. Faces were blurred upon recommendation by the New Zealand Privacy Commission, but vehicle registration plates were not obscured.
On April 9, 2009, Street View became available with a full-screen option.
On June 5, 2009, Smart Navigation was introduced which allows users to navigate around the panoramas by double-clicking with their cursor on any place or object they want to see.
In January 2010, Google begins to introduce the 3rd generation of cameras allowing better quality in the captured images.
In mid June 2010, Google added blue dots to its maps that display user-submitted images in all locations around the world, including land areas where Street View is not available and bodies of water. These images can be pulled up on the screen in the same manner as a Street View image with the pegman by dragging it onto the blue dot.
On October 30, 2012, Google announced that users could contribute to Street View by creating a panorama-like image from the Galaxy Nexus smartphone to share on Google Maps.
On February 14, 2013, Wii Street U was released for the Wii U.
On June 27, 2013, Google announced that users could contribute to Street View by creating a panorama-like image from the Galaxy non-Nexus smartphone to share on Google Maps.
On November 6, 2013, Google reintroduces Pegman, having disappeared a few months, to make way for a new design, and even Pegman who introduces the icons following the location.
On April 23, 2014, a new historical Street View option was introduced to new Google Maps. The date of panoramas can be selected from the timeline.
Starting in August 2017, Google allows users to create their own street view-like blue paths, for the connected photospheres that are sufficiently close to one another.
On September 7, 2017, Google announces the arrival of a new generation of more efficient and precise cameras on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of Street View. This is the 4th generation of cameras, sporting a more refined profile and a blue color.
On December 3, 2020, Google announced that users could contribute to Street View by capturing video using their AR-supported phones using the Street View app.
May 24, 2022: Google announces the arrival of a new generation 4 camerae on the occasion of the 15th anniversary of Street View for 2023, this one will be able to cover areas less accessible by car thanks to its advantage of weighing less 7 kilograms.
May 24, 2022 Google announces bringing the history feature to Street View on IOS and Android, allowing you to select dates and view different shots on sections covered several times by Google
Timeline of introductions
For the virtual tours of museums, see Google Arts and Culture#Timeline of introductions
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
Official coverage by country οr territory
Below is a table showing the countries available on Street View and the year they were first added. Plain text indicates that a country has only views of certain businesses and/or tourist attractions.
Current coverage
Bold with an asterisk (*) indicates countries with public street view available
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="font-size:90%"
|-
! Country or territory !! style="width:150px;"| Continent !! Notes
|-
| * || Europe || Autonomous region of Finland.
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| * || Oceania ||
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| * || Antarctica ||
|-
| *|| South America ||
|-
| *|| Oceania || Added on the same day as Japan. On August 4, 2008, 28 icons of major metropolitan areas were added.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| *|| Asia ||
|-
| * || Europe || Historical center of Minsk only.
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| *|| North America ||
|-
| *|| Asia || First South Asian country available.
|-
| * || South America ||
|-
| *|| Africa ||
|-
| *|| South America || First country available in South America.
|-
| * || Asia || Views of Peros Banhos and many other islands.
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| *|| Asia ||
|-
| *|| North America ||
|-
| *|| South America ||
|-
| * || Asia || Only touristic places such as museums received coverage
|-
| * || Asia ||
|-
| * || Asia ||
|-
| * || South America ||
|-
| *|| North America || Touristic locations only: views of some National Parks, beaches and very limited views around Heredia and San Jose.
|-
| * || Europe||In 2022, Google returned to capture street view images in Croatia after an 11 year hiatus.
|-
| * || North America ||
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| * || North America || Only around Santo Domingo and Santiago de los Caballeros.
|-
| * || South America ||
|-
| * || Asia & Africa || A few touristic landmarks such as the Giza necropolis.
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| * || Africa ||
|-
| * || South America || New Island, West Point Island and Carcass Island only.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| * || Europe || Added on the same day as Italy, one of the first two countries available in Europe. Providing the first service outside the United States and the debut of Google's new 2nd Generation Cameras.
|-
| * || Europe|| 20 biggest cities in addition to some touristic landmarks.
|-
| * || Africa ||
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || North America ||
|-
| * || North America ||
|-
| * || Asia || First place with Street View in mainland Asia, along with Macau.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Asia || Small part of Mumbai available since March 2016. On July 27, 2022, some parts of major cities were added, as well as few agricultural areas around them.
|-
| * || Asia ||
|-
| * || Asia || National Museum of Iraq only.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Asia || First West Asian country available, along with Palestine.
|-
| * || Europe || Added on the same day as France, one of the first two countries available in Europe.
|-
| * || Asia || First country available in Asia, added on the same day as Australia. Also one of the first two island countries with Street View.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Asia || 43 archaeological locations covered, public Street View available since April 2018.
|-
| * || Africa || Public Street View available since October 2018.
|-
| * || Asia ||
|-
| * || Asia || First Central Asian country available.
|-
| * || Asia || Vientiane only until May 2016 when Luang Prabang, Vang Vieng, Pakse and Savannakhet were added.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Asia || Landmarks views since 2018.
|-
| * || Africa ||
|-
| * || Europe || Some streets around Balzers.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Europe||Complete update of Luxembourg's road network underway 2022
|-
| Mali|Africa
|Various historical sites.
|-
| * || Asia || First place with Street View in mainland Asia, along with Hong Kong.
|-
| * || Africa || Limited coverage to a few spots, mostly touristic places.
|-
| * || Asia || Landmarks only until September 2014.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || North America || First available territory in the Caribbean, only a few touristic landmarks.
|-
| *|| North America || First Latin American country to be added to Google Street View.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Asia ||
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Asia || Mountain landmarks only.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Oceania ||
|-
| * || Africa ||
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Oceania ||
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| * || Asia || Landmarks only.
|-
| * || Asia || First West Asian place available, along with Israel.
|-
| *|| South America ||
|-
| * || Asia ||
|-
| * || Oceania ||
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| * || North America || First Caribbean state available.
|-
| * || Asia|| Museum and airport views, including a view inside of planes
|-
| * || Africa ||
|-
| * || Europe || First Southeast European country available.
|-
| * || Europe & Asia || Museum view only until 2012.
|-
| * || North America || Full coverage of all main streets along with some trekkers on both islands from September 2021.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Africa || First West African country available.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Asia || First Southeast Asian country available.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| * || Africa || First country available in Africa.
|-
| * || South America & Antarctica ||
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Asia ||
|-
| * || Europe || Views of Longyearbyen, Pyramiden, Barentsburg along with boat views.
|-
| *|| Europe ||
|-
| * || Europe || First Central European country available and first landlocked country with Street View.
|-
| *|| Asia ||
|-
|* || Africa || Few landmarks such as Mount Kilimanjaro and the Gombe National Park.
|-
| * || Asia ||
|-
| * || Africa || First North African country available.
|-
| *|| Europe & Asia ||
|-
| * || Africa || First East African country available.
|-
| * || Europe ||
|-
| * || Asia || Landmarks available since 2013, Dubai only until September 2015.
|-
| * || Europe || First North European country available.
|-
| * || North America || First country available to view on Street View.
|-
| * || Oceania || Midway Atoll and other atolls.
|-
| * || North America ||
|-
| * || South America ||
|-
| * || Oceania || Views of the Ambrym island and its volcano.
|-
| * || Asia || Limited coverage in ten cities.
|}
Future coverage
Below is a list of the countries that do not currently have official coverage where Street View vehicles are currently driving, where Street View is officially planned, or have reported by media to be driving.
Unofficial coverage ''' Views of some highways and the central business districts of Harare, Chegutu, Rusape, Masvingo and two United Nations World Heritage Sites: Great Zimbabwe National Monument and Victoria Falls. The first instances of Google Street View in Zimbabwe were contributed by photographer Tawanda Kanhema​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​ ​​​​​
References
External links
Street View coverage map and current driving locations
Available indoor views of public transportation facilities as airports and railway stations and transportation museums
Available inside views of university campuses
Coverage
Google Maps
The Rolex Monterey Motorsports Reunion is an annual event held at WeatherTech Raceway Laguna Seca in Monterey, California. Its purpose is to provide an event in which historic racecars can compete. It takes place over the course of one weekend every mid-August. It was first established by Steve Earle in 1974 as the Monterey Historic Automobile Races. Earle organized the meeting for their friends to race their cars at Laguna Seca. The event acts as a part of Monterey Car Week, which includes the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance and other events.
Approximately 550 cars participate in the event.
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 event was canceled.
Sponsorship
The first company to sponsor the event was the Chrysler Corporation. Later, the event added a sponsorship from Rolex. The Chrysler sponsorship was replaced with one from Toyota, who sponsored the event from 2006 to 2008.
Awards
Although celebrities and professional drivers do attend, the Reunion is not a professional event, and has no awards or prizes for finishing position. Each Saturday and Sunday afternoon race has a Rolex Award winner voted by committee. Two of the morning races each day honor a Bonham's Cup winner similarly chosen. There are special Awards for best paddock display, best Ford-powered car, outstanding craftsmanship, etc. The highest honor is the Rolex Spirit of Monterey Award, A Rolex watch and original Bill Patterson painting, presented to the entrant who best embodies the spirit of the event in their presentation and competition drive.
In magazines
The Reunion has been featured in Autoweek magazine. It was featured in an online article in early August 2008 and in the September 2008 issue. The 2003 event was featured in an issue of Popular Mechanics. Popular Mechanics also documented the 2000 event. The 2009 event was also featured.
The 2010 event was featured in an issue of Road & Track. The 2004 event was also featured in an article on the R&T website.
Telecasts
For many years television network Speed Channel provided coverage of the event. For a few years the coverage consisted of several different episodes featuring the major groups (IMSA, Trans Am, F1, and Can Am). In later years the event was abridged to one episode combining behind-the-scenes coverage with coverage of select races. The races covered were a mix of the major groups and some of the GT groups for better interest. If they featured a one-time race group, that race may be covered. The Reunion was for a while covered by Fox Sports 1, which replaced Speed in August 2013.
Internet
In recent years the Reunion has been livestreamed by Motor Trend magazine, with the coverage being shown on YouTube.
Race groups
Various race groups from multiple eras and types of automobile racing are featured at the Monterey Reunion. The groups often contain vehicles that competed against one another during that point in history.
Combined class
Occasionally the schedule will feature combined-class races, such as the sports racing cars competing alongside the GT cars. While these two groups race simultaneously, they do not compete against each other, much like in professional racing.
Former groups
Previously the event featured a mixed "GT and production cars" race group in which professionally raced grand tourers competed against unmodified sports cars of the same era. The unmodified cars have since been phased out.
In the past the prewar groups were divided into two types: production (sports, racing, and touring) and single-seater (Indy roadsters and grand prix). The latter has since been merged with the racing cars. The sports and racing cars were also merged and ultimately combined with the touring cars.
United States Road Racing Championship- a former name for the sports racing cars
Special race groups
The Reunion also features special or expanded race groups in an attempt to generate greater interest from its spectators. These often one-time groups have included Grand National and Winston Cup Series stock cars, an under two liter Trans Am Series race group, and a Formula Atlantic group. Single-marque spec groups have also been featured. In 2011 an all Jaguar XKE race was featured to commemorate that model's fiftieth anniversary. The same was done in 2012 for the Shelby Cobra, featuring small block AC Cobras racing against the big block Shelby 427 Cobras. In 2013 an all Porsche 911 "Weissach Cup" was featured to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the 911.
Featured marques
In 1975, the event introduced the tradition of honoring a "featured marque" each year. This tribute is done through various ways. These include an increased number of entered vehicles from that marque, special displays of the marque's history and some of the brand's vehicles (past and/or present, with the former sometimes featuring entered vehicles), and sometimes spec races only featuring vehicles from the marque being tributed. Occasionally the event will have special one-time tributes. These have included Can Am team Chaparral Cars and racing legend Juan Manuel Fangio.
Rules and format
Because of the high value of many of the cars used, the Reunion committee has established a severe punishment for avoidable contact. The driver convicted will be unable to participate in any further events, but can appeal the judgement one year after the incident.
In contrast to the Goodwood Revival, the races at the Monterey Reunion tend not to feature hard competition due to the high value of the cars.
In the prewar groups the drivers can be seen waving as a signal to other drivers to pass. This is to avoid any potentially-severe or costly damage to the vehicles.
Although the event features many groups of different types of racecars, it does not strictly place entrants in their most appropriate groups. For example, a 2.1 liter Morgan can be placed in an under two liter class despite being over the specified displacement. This is done due to the over two liter groups often featuring vehicles with at least five liters (a la SCCA). Certain postwar cars have been known to compete with the prewar cars due to technological similarities (e.g. the MG T-Series). Some drivers will enter themselves in the wrong class either as a late entry or if they were unable to qualify for their more appropriate class. The Trans Am Series race group, despite being predominantly five-liter cars, occasionally features an under two liter cars.
Formerly, some races were held on Saturday and some on Sunday, with qualifying being held on Friday. For 2022 this was changed so that all groups were on Saturday.
Modern race cars
In recent years there have been multiple instances in which contemporary racecars have been included in the race groups despite having been manufactured much later than even the most contemporary racecars regularly featured. In 2009, when featuring Porsche, an American Le Mans Series Porsche 911 was entered in the IMSA GT race group. That group was chosen due to the technological similarities between the IMSA GT cars and the modern ALMS cars. In 2012, an ALMS Corvette competed with the IMSA GTO race group. The event was featuring split IMSA groups that year: IMSA GT/GTX/AAGT/GTU and IMSA GTO. The latter was chosen due to the Corvette's more powerful engine. For 2016, the event featured contemporary BMW racecars such as those used in the ALMS in commemoration of that brand's centennial. In recent years a mixed race group of ALMS and GTP cars has been featured.
Professional drivers
Although the Reunion is an amateur event and features predominantly non-professional competitors, some current and former professionals do attend. They are especially found in the IMSA groups.
Notable entrants include:
The Edelbrock family.
Randy Pobst
Boris Said
Bruce Canepa
Brian Redman
David Hobbs
Leh Keen
David Brabham
Jim Hall
Tommy Kendall
Marshall Teague
Sister events
Prior to 2010, the event was affiliated with the Wine Country Classic at Sonoma Raceway in Sonoma, California. The event is now known as the Sonoma Speed Festival. The event also featured Formula 5000 in 2008. Prior to 2010 the event was organized as a doubleheader, after which the event was redone to be more like the Monterey Event. The inaugural year of this new event had Saturday rained out, forcing all the race groups to be contested on Sunday. This became the format thereafter. The event also often features 1980s Trans Am Series cars racing alongside the IMSA GTO cars due to their technological similarities (IMSA GTO vehicles were often also used in Trans Am, similar to the Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge street tuner vehicles being able to compete in the Pirelli World Challenge touring car classes). This event also features classic NASCAR vehicles from both the Grand National and Winston Cup Series eras due to the event held there.
In May, 2017, a smaller event at WeatherTech Raceway debuted known as the Spring Classic.
Change of management
After the 2009 event, General Racing Ltd. (GRL), who created and owned the event, and the Sports Car Racing Association of Monterey Peninsula (SCRAMP) announced that GRL would no longer sanction the event and that a new event would be organized by SCRAMP that would be more economically viable. After the 2010 event, the new event would be called the Rolex Monterey Motorsports Reunion. The original name was still owned and copyrighted by GRL, who would retain the sister event at Sonoma Raceway. SCRAMP recognizes the Historics and the Reunion as two separate events.
Despite the reorganization, change of management, and SCRAMP's observance of the "new event" as separate from the original Historics, the Reunion does not feature any notable differences from the original event aside from the new name. The Reunion uses exactly the same structure as the Historics and features the same regular race groups.
Commendations
In 2013, the Reunion was nominated for the Motor Sports Event category at the International Historic Motoring Awards.
In 2017, the Rolex Monterey Motorsports Reunion won the FIA Founding Members' Heritage Cup for Motorsport Event of the Year, the first event at an American venue to receive the prestigious award.
References
Recurring sporting events established in 1974
Sports in Monterey County, California
Historic motorsport events
Tourist attractions in Monterey County, California
Motorsport competitions in California
1974 establishments in California
Eudendrium pocaruquarum is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae.
References
Eudendrium
Animals described in 1995
is a 1951 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Koji Shima. The movie is based on Lisa and Lottie (), a 1949 novel by Erich Kästner later adapted as the 1961 film The Parent Trap.
Cast
Hibari Misora ()
So Yamamura ()
Mitsuko Mito ()
Satsuki Arakawa ()
Kyōji Sugi ()
Shinshō Kokontei ()
Jun Miyazaki ()
Hikaru Hoshi ()
Mantarō Ushio ()
See also
List of films in the public domain in the United States
References
External links
Japanese black-and-white films
1951 films
Films based on Lottie and Lisa
Films directed by Koji Shima
Fictional twins
Daiei Film films
Japanese comedy films
1951 comedy films
1950s Japanese films
(Wiesbaden Bach Weeks) is a biennial festival of music around Johann Sebastian Bach in Wiesbaden, the state capital of Hesse, Germany. It was initiated and has been run by Martin Lutz. The city awards the Bachpreis der Landeshauptstadt Wiesbaden to an organist who wins the festival's international competition.
History
In 1975, Martin Lutz, a Wiesbaden church musician and conductor of the Schiersteiner Kantorei, founded the Wiesbadener Bachwochen as a festival with a focus on the music of Johann Sebastian Bach. They also founded a supporting organisation, the Johann-Sebastian-Bach-Gesellschaft. Lutz has described Bach's music as rapturous and moving ("mitreißende, bewegende Musik") with a transcendental dimension ("Dimension, die ins Transzendentale weise"), faith turned into music ("Musik gewordener Glaube"). Concerts have been performed by local groups and international guests. Beginning in 1977, an international competition for organists has been part of the festival, with the winner being awarded the Bachpreis der Landeshauptstadt Wiesbaden. After Lutz retired from their church positions at the end of 2017, they continued to run the festival.
Concerts and other events are held every two years around November. Each festival has a motto, and events include lectures, chamber music, organ concerts and the organ competition, and large choral concerts. The events are held mostly in Wiesbaden churches, such as the Marktkirche, Lutherkirche, St. Bonifatius and Bergkirche. They have been performed by both local groups and international artists. The motto in 2015 was "Vom Himmel auf Erden" (Of Heaven on Earth), with Fauré's Requiem sung by a festival choir conducted by Andreas Großmann at St. Bonifatius, Dvořák's Requiem at the Marktkirche, and Elgar's The Dream of Gerontius at the Lutherkirche.
In 2017, the motto was "Werk und Wirkung" (Work and influence), presenting among others Bach's Sonatas for violin solo and Cello Suites, their cantata Wachet auf, ruft uns die Stimme, BWV 140, in the series Bachvespern, Beethoven's Missa solemnis sung by the Bachchor Wiesbaden, and Verdi's Requiem and Bach's complete Christmas Oratorio, both sung by the Schiersteiner Kantorei. The 23rd festival ran from 3 November 2019 to 11 January 2020. With the motto "Bach und seine Zeit" (Bach and their time), it opened at the Marktkirche on 3 November 2019 with the cantata Tritt auf die Glaubensbahn, BWV 152. As chamber music, Bach's Sonatas for Viola da gamba and the Goldberg Variations were played. Ton Koopman, Tini Mathot and Klaus Mertens appeared with songs and works for keyboard instruments. Schiersteiner Kantorei sang Bach's Mass in B minor, and the choir of the Bergkirche performed Handel's Messiah.
References
External links
Stefan Schickhaus: Emotionale Klangwelten um Johann Sebastian Bach (in German) vrm-lokal.de 2019
Bach festivals
Music festivals established in 1975
Music competitions in Germany
Classical music festivals in Germany
Guadalupe is a (village/suburban district) in the municipality of Murcia in the Region of Murcia, Spain. The main populated area is known as Guadalupe de Maciascoque.
El Escorial Murciano, the complex that contains the Universidad Católica San Antonio de Murcia and the Monasterio de los Jerónimos de San Pedro de la Ñora, an historic Hieronymite monastery, is located here.
References
Murcia
Towns in Spain
Populated places in the Region of Murcia
Marco Landucci (born 25 March 1964, in Lucca) is an Italian assistant head coach for
Juventus and former footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Landucci has been assistant to manager Massimiliano Allegri since 2008.
References
1964 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Serie A players
Serie B players
ACF Fiorentina players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
S.S.D. Lucchese 1905 players
Brescia Calcio players
U.S. Avellino 1912 players
Venezia F.C. players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
Inter Milan players
Juventus F.C. non-playing staff
The 1959 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 29th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Limerick entered the championship as the defending champions, however, they were beaten by Tipperary in the Munster final.
On 6 September 1959 Tipperary won the championship following a 2-8 to 2-7 defeat of Kilkenny in the All-Ireland final. This was their 12th All-Ireland title and their first in two championship seasons.
Provincial changes
Due to a lack of competition in their own province, the Galway County Board proposed a regrading to junior status for their senior team in January 1958. This led to a wider debate regarding Galway's isolated position in a province where they faced little credible opposition. At a meeting of the Munster Council on 10 January 1959 it was decided to invite Galway to participate in all grades of hurling in Munster on a temporary basis. This decision was later ratified at the GAA Congress.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Roscommon won the Connacht Championship for the first time in their history.
The All-Ireland semi-final between Tipperary and Roscommon was the first ever championship meeting between the two teams.
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Neocalyptis fortis is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 10.5 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamish. The dots are sparse and brownish. The markings are pale grey-brown with darker marginal dots. The hindwings are brownish cream, transparent with brownish venation.
Etymology
The specific name refers to the strong labis and is derived from Latin fortis (meaning strong).
References
Moths described in 2009
Neocalyptis
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Fidan Hajiaga qizi Hajiyeva/Naylor, Azerbaijan opera singer, People's Artist of the Republic of Azerbaijan, mezzo-soprano, Soloist of the Azerbaijan National Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre.
Life
Fidan Hajiaga qizi Hajiyeva was born in Baku, Azerbaijan in 1976. In 1984 they entered the fortepiano class of the Bulbul Secondary Music School. After graduating from school in 1994 they entered the faculty vocal of the Baku Music Academy named after Uzeyir Hajibeyli, becoming a student of Professor Huseyn Aliyev. In 1998 they received master classes for vocal art from the world-famous People's Artist of Russian Federation Irina Arkhipova.
Fidan Hajiyeva married Philip Naylor from England in 2003; they have one daughter and two sons.
Career
Since 1996 Fidan Hajiyeva has been a leading vocalist at the Azerbaijan State Opera and Ballet Theatre, performing national and classical leading opera roles.
They became Baku's youngest performer of the title role of Carmen in Georges Bizet's Carmen opera. Them leading roles include many in Verdi's operas: Amneris in Aida, Azuchena in Il trovatore, Maddalena in Rigoletto opera Flora in La traviata.
They also sing Rozini in Rossini's opera The Barber of Seville and La Principessa in Suor Angelica by Maskeni. In Azerbaijani national opera they perform as the singing girl in Uzeyir Hajibeyli's opera Koroglu, as Asiya in the operetta Arshin mal alan (The cloth peddlar) and as Gulush in the opera Sevil by Fikret Amirov.
In 2000 Fidan Hajiyeva represented the Republic of Azerbaijan in the Turksoy Festival in Turkey and in the same year joined the Mersin State Opera and Ballet Theatre where they performed Carmen in Mersin, Istanbul, Izmir and Ankara, together with the ancient Roman open air theatre at “Aspendos” near Antalya before an audience of 15,000 people.
Italians delighted by Fidan's voice invited them to study in the masterclass of the Italian mezzo-soprano Bernadette Manca di Nissa at the Academy of Chigiana, where they won first prize in the final international competition.
Fidan released their first album Jealously and Love in 2003, singing national and international songs in seven languages.
In 2004, Fidan became a master soloist in the Hazi Aslanov Song and Dance Ensemble of the Ministry of Defence of the Republic of Azerbaijan, regularly participating in concert programs on patriotic themes to soldiers stationed in the regions of Azerbaijan.
Fidan participated in the Azerbaijani delegation to the Expo 2005 World Fair in Nagoya, Japan, where they promoted the music of Azerbaijan and also delighted the local audience by singing a popular children's song in Japanese.
Fidan's representation of Azerbaijan continued in the following years. In 2006 they gave concert performances in Germany at the theatres of Stuttgart and Mainz with the Berlin Philharmonic accompanied by the Azerbaijan State Chamber Orchestra conducted by Teymur Goychayev, whilst in 2008 they participated in a concert in Kyiv with People's Artist of Ukraine Aleksandr Buretz, jointly organized by the Azerbaijan and Ukraine Ministries of Culture.
In 2010 they continued their vocal education with the world-famed Italian mezzo-soprano Bruna Baglioni, leading to a performance in Puccini's opera Suor Angelica at the summer festival held in the Montefiore Conca city, Italy in June 2011. Later that year they also performed Carmen in the Turkish city of Samsun.
With increasing international recognition Fidan has been successful in attracting well-known musicians to Azerbaijan. In May 2011 they performed Aida in Baku with the State Opera House orchestra conducted by the Italian conductor Gianluca Marciano; just a month later Fidan organized a concert program in Baku together with the French tenor Jean-Francis Monvoisin.
Later that year Fidan joined a tour of Italy promoting Azerbaijani culture, performing in Venice, Turin and at Milan Conservatory. There they met the famous Italian conductor and the pianist Stefano Miceli, who in 2012 invited Fidan to the "Gran Gala" concert at the Donizetti Theatre, in Bergamo, Italy.
In March 2014 Fidan performed a solo concert Sounds of Spring at the King's Place theatre in London, with a unique blend of Azerbaijani and international music, followed just one month later by their first solo concert in Baku. This was entitled Sevgili Janan and was performed to a sell-out audience of 2,000 at the Heydar Aliyev Sarayi theatre.
In April 2015 they performed another solo concert at the Heydar Aliyev Sarayi in Baku entitled Bir bahar akhshami.
In 2015 Fidan Hajiyeva was given the rank of the lieutenant of Head Department of Internal Troops of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Republic of the Azerbaijan, again undertaking patriotic concert programs for internal soldiers of the Ministry.
In 2015, Fidan played the leading role of Gulchokhra in the operetta Arshin Mal Alan by Azerbaijan's great composer Uzeyir Hajibeyov for the first time, bringing new breath to the role by their high professionalism and magnificent ability.
In 2016 Fidan realized their dream of many years by opening their own Music Centre to share their experience of all types of music to a body of students both young and old.
On September 15, 2016, Fidan Haciyeva and Alasgar Aliyev had presented duet Veli and Telli. Prior to it, during summer that year, the duo had made a clip in which they sang in three languages: Azerbaijani, Russian, and English. The clip was directed by Jeyhun Karimov and Alex Anisenko, and was produced by Aziz Aliyev with operator of the clip being Nadir Mehdiyev and artist Narmina Valiyeva.
On December 20, 2016, Fidan represented Azerbaijan at the 7th international world forum in Minsk at the invitation of the National Academic Bolshoi Theatre of the Opera and the Ballet of Belarus, with famous vocalists from a number of countries invited to perform at a gala concert. Following their performance they were invited by National Academic Bolshoi Theatre of the Opera and the Ballet of Belarus to perform Carmen in Minsk in April 2017.
In 2018, Fidan had performed romances by Adila Huseyn-Zade at Azerbaijan State Philharmonic Hall, along with Saida Tagi-Zadeh and Aleksey Miltikh. In November that year, they sang at the Minsk International Christmas Opera Forum.
Awards
In 2006 Fidan was awarded the title of “Honoured Artist of the Republic of Azerbaijan” by the President of the Republic of Azerbaijan, together with a President's stipend in the following years.
By order of President Ilham Aliyev, in March 2015 Fidan Hajiyeva was awarded the title "People's Artist of the Republic of Azerbaijan" for productive activity in the field of culture, which they received on the occasion of the International Women's Day, 8 March.
Concerts
References
1976 births
Living people
21st-century Azerbaijani women opera singers
Musicians from Baku
Ash Christian (born January 16, 1985, in Paris, Texas – d. August 14, 2020 in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico) was an American actor and film director and producer. They were the founder of Cranium Entertainment. They wrote, directed and produced Fat Girls in 2006, for which they won Outfest's Award for Outstanding Emerging Talent, and Mangus! in 2011.
Biography
At 14, Ash Christian started to write and direct short films. At 16, they moved to Los Angeles to start an acting career. They wrote the their first feature film, Fat Girls, which they starred in and directed at the age of 19. The movie won the Outstanding Emerging Talent Award at L.A. Outfest 2006 after it premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival.
Ash Christian co-produced Nate & Margaret in 2012, Hurricane Bianca in 2016, Social Animals and 1985 in 2018, Burn in 2019, and Chick Fight.
They acted in television series, including The Good Fight, The Good Wife, and Law and Order.
They were also a producer for the Broadway musical Next to Normal.
Christian died of a heart attack in their sleep while on vacation in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1985 births
2020 deaths
Male actors from Texas
American film producers
American male television actors
American gay actors
People from Paris, Texas
American film directors
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
21st-century LGBT people
Sir James Montagu SL KC (2 February 1666 – 1723), of the Middle Temple, London, was an English lawyer and Whig politician, who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1695 and 1713. They became a judge and also served as Solicitor General and Attorney General.
Early life
Montagu was the seventh, but fifth surviving son of George Montagu of Horton, Northamptonshire, and their wife Elizabeth Irby, daughter of Sir Anthony Irby and was baptized at Horton on 5 March 1666. Their grandfather was Henry Montagu, 1st Earl of Manchester. They were educated at Westminster School and was admitted at Trinity College, Cambridge and Middle Temple in 1683. In 1689 they were called to the bar from Lincoln's Inn. They were appointed secretary to the chancellor of Exchequer in April 1694. They married Tufton Wray, daughter of Sir William Wray, 1st Baronet, of Ashby on 6 October 1694.
Career
At the 1695 English general election Montagu was returned in a contest as Member of Parliament for Tregony. By 1698 they were counsel for Cambridge University when they were awarded MA and was also appointed chief justice of Ely. They were returned as MP for Beeralston in a by-election on 30 December 1698, but did not stand in the 1701 general elections or at the 1702 English general election. In 1704 they successfully defended John Tutchin, indicted for a libel published in their periodical, The Observator, and two years later they were leading counsel in the prosecution of Beau Fielding for bigamy in marrying the Duchess of Cleveland. In 1705 they were committed by the House of Commons to the custody of the serjeant-at-arms for having in 1704 demanded a habeas corpus on behalf of the group of Aylesbury men, whom the house had committed to Newgate Prison for bringing actions against the returning officer. Montagu pleaded strongly against the privilege claimed by the Commons. They remained in custody from 26 February to 14 March, when parliament was prorogued and afterwards dissolved. In April 1705 they were knighted at Cambridge, and was made a Q.C. in November of the same year.
Montagu was next returned to Parliament as MP for Carlisle after a contest at the 1705 English general election. They became solicitor-general and also Bencher of their Inn in 1707. At the 1708 British general election they were returned unopposed as MP for Carlisle. They were appointed attorney-general in September 1708 and was Treasurer of their Inn in 1708 and Library Keeper in 1709. As attorney-general Montagu opened the case in the House of Lords against Henry Sacheverell. At the 1710 British general election they were returned in a contest as MP for Carlisle. With the change of Administration they lost their position as Attorney-general in September 1710. The queen then granted them a pension, which was made the subject of a motion brought before the house in 1711. In this motion, Colonel Gledhill represented it as intended to defray the expenses of Montagu's election at Carlisle, but the charge was disproved. Montagu was dean of the Chapel at Lincoln's Inn in 1711. They did not stand at the 1713 British general election.
Montagu's wife Tufton had died in 1712, and they married, as their second wife, their cousin Elizabeth Montagu, daughter of Robert Montagu, 3rd Earl of Manchester, on 6 October 1713. They became serjeant-at-law on 26 October 1714, was made a Baron of the Exchequer on 22 November 1714. Also in 1714, they became joint collector of tunnage and poundage, for the Port of London for life. They were lord commissioner of the great seal (on the resignation of Lord Cowper) from 18 April to 12 May 1718, when Lord Parker became lord chancellor. They became Chief Baron of the Exchequer in May 1722.
Death and legacy
Montagu died on 1 October 1723 leaving a son and a daughter by their first wife. They were succeeded by their son Charles who sat as a Whig Member of Parliament for St. Albans. Their daughter Elizabeth, married Sir Clement Wearg. Montagu's brother was Charles Montagu, 1st Earl of Halifax.
References
|-
|-
|-
1666 births
1723 deaths
People from Tregony
People educated at Westminster School, London
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Members of the Middle Temple
Attorneys General for England and Wales
18th-century English judges
James Montagu
Serjeants-at-law (England)
Solicitors General for England and Wales
Barons of the Exchequer
Chief Barons of the Exchequer
Members of the pre-1707 English Parliament for constituencies in Cornwall
English MPs 1695–1698
English MPs 1698–1700
English MPs 1705–1707
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Carlisle
British MPs 1707–1708
British MPs 1708–1710
British MPs 1710–1713
Members of the Parliament of England for Bere Alston
A mesogen is a compound that displays liquid crystal properties. Mesogens can be described as disordered solids or ordered liquids because they arise from a unique state of matter that exhibits both solid- and liquid-like properties called the liquid crystalline state. This liquid crystalline state (LC) is called the mesophase and occurs between the crystalline solid (Cr) state and the isotropic liquid (Iso) state at distinct temperature ranges.
The liquid crystal properties arise because mesogenic compounds are composed of rigid and flexible parts, which help characterize the order and mobility of its structure. The rigid components align mesogen moieties in one direction and have distinctive shapes that are typically found in the form of rod or disk shapes. The flexible segments provide mesogens with mobility because they are usually made up of alkyl chains, which hinder crystallization to a certain degree. The combination of rigid and flexible chains induce structural alignment and fluidity between liquid crystal moieties.
In doing so, varying degrees of order and mobility within mesogens results in different types of liquid crystal phases, Figure 1. The nematic phase (N) is the least ordered and most fluid liquid crystalline state or mesophase that is based on the rigid core of mesogen moieties. The nematic phase leads to long range orientational order and short range positional order of mesogens. The smectic (Sm) and columnar (Col) phases are more ordered and less fluid than their nematic phases and demonstrate long range orientational order of rod-shaped and disk-shaped rigid cores, respectively.
Examples
Figure 1 – Organization of rod-like and disk-like rigid cores in liquid crystal phases of mesogens, where Iso is the isotropic liquid state; N is the nematic phase of the liquid crystal state; SmA is the smectic A phase; SmC is the smectic C phase; and Col is the columnar phase.
Thermotropic mesogens are liquid crystals that are induced by temperature and there are two classical types, which include discotic mesogens and calamitic mesogens.
Discotic mesogens contain a disk-shaped rigid core and tend to organize in columns, forming columnar liquid crystal phases (Col) of long range positional order.
An example of a discotic mesogen type rigid core is a triphenylene based disk molecule, where the hexagonal columnar liquid crystal phase exists between 66 °C (crystal) and 122 °C (isotropic liquid phase).
Calamitic mesogens contain a rod-shaped rigid core and tend to organize in distinctive layers, forming lamellar or smectic liquid crystal phases (Sm) of long range positional order. Low-order smectic phases include smectic A (SmA) and smectic C (SmC) phases, while higher ordered smectic phases include smectic B, I, F, G and H (SmB/I/F/G/H) phases.
An example of a calamitic mesogen type rigid core is a benzyl cyanide based rod molecule, where the smectic A liquid crystal phase exists between the 60 °C (crystal) and 62 °C (isotropic liquid phase) temperature range.
Bent-rod mesogens are special calamitic mesogens that contain a nonlinear rod-shaped or bent- rod shaped rigid core and organize to form "banana-phases". The rigid units of these phases pack in a way so that the highest density and polar order are achieved, typically with the apex of the bent rod pointing in one direction. When a layer of bent-rods points in the same polar direction as its adjacent layers the lamellar organization is known as the smectic PF (SmPF) phase, where the F subscript indicates ferroelectric switching. Smectic PA (SmPA) is the term given to a layer of bent-rods that points in the opposite polar direction as its neighbouring layers, where A stands for antiferroelectic switching.
Other variations of bent-rod liquid crystal phases include: antiferroelectric/ferroelectric smectic C (SmCPA/SmCPF) phases and antiferroelectric/ferroelectric smectic A (SmAPA/SmAPF) phases, which have distinctive tilt and orthogonal modes of lamellar organization.
References
Liquid crystals
The raising of the son of the widow of Zarephath is a miracle of the prophet Elijah recorded in the Hebrew Bible, 1 Kings 17, taking place in the Phoenician city of Zarephath.
Background
1 Kings 17 is the chapter in which Elijah is first mentioned by name in the Bible. It states that they are a Tishbite from Gilead, who visited King Ahab to give them a message from God that there would be no rain in the land until they declared it (v1). In order to avoid the wrath of the king, God told Elijah to hide by the Brook Cherith where they were fed bread and meat by ravens sent from God (vv2-6).
After a while, due to the drought, the brook dried up so God told Elijah to go to the town of Sarepta and to seek out a widow that would find them water and food (vv.7-9). Elijah learns that the widow has a son and between them they only have enough flour and oil for one more meal before they die. Despite this, the widow helps Elijah (vv11-14). Because they did this God caused the flour and the oil never to run out (vv15-16). "[The widow had] a handful of meal in a barrel, and a little oil in a cruse ... and the barrel of meal wasted not, neither did the cruse of oil fail". (King James Version).
Elijah, the widow and the widow's son
Victor H. Matthews suggests that the woman "uses sarcasm which is designed to shame the prophet for being the cause of their son's death." Elijah does not try and rationalise with the grieving woman and takes the son up to their bedroom where they pray to God asking for their help.
They then takes the child downstairs again and presents him, living, to their mother. This causes them to declare "Now by this I know that thou art a man of God" (v24), Elijah therefore "regains their honor and their status."
Rabbi Eliezer ben Hyrcanus, also known as Rabbi Eliezer Hagadol, relates that the son raised by Elijah was none other than the prophet Jonah, most notably associated with the incident involving a giant fish. Commentators have noted verbal parallels with the raising of the son of the widow of Nain in the Gospel of Luke chapter 7. The miracle is represented in the Dura synagogue murals.
References
External links
Resurrection
Books of Kings
Elijah
Women in the Hebrew Bible
Jewish miracles
Widowhood
Gilead
Phoenicians in the New Testament
Cromwell's Panegyrick is a printed English broadside ballad composed in 1647. Copies of it are in collections including the British Library, Society of Antiquaries, The National Archives, Huntington Library, and the National Library of Scotland. Online facsimiles of the ballad are available online for public consumption. Though the ballad's title claims to be a panegyric (a poem praising Cromwell for their military and political accomplishments), it quickly becomes a mock-panegyric, taking the theme of praise and turning it on its head. In this way, the ballad becomes more of a satire as opposed to a true panegyric. For instance, though it describes in part Cromwell's role in the Second English Civil War, which broke out officially in 1648, it also mentions how large and bulbous Cromwell's nose was: "Well may their Nose, that is dominicall, / Take pepper int." The ballad undercuts all of Cromwell's accomplishments in the military, and goes so far as to claim – as many did of Cromwell in the 1640s and 50s – that they were an individual motivated purely by a desire for power and kingship, thus painting them in a Machiavellian light.
Synopsis
As stated above, this ballad is a mock-panegyric and takes themes of praise and turns them into insults. While the ballad's first line teases a glorification of Cromwell, "Shall Presbyterian bells ring Cromwels praise", we can see that the ballad ends with Cromwell not only dead, but buried with no headstone, which in early modern England indicated that the person in question either lacked the funds to afford a headstone or was of such ill-repute that they were deemed unworthy of such a posthumous marker: "And on their Grave since there must be no Stone, / Shall stand this Epitaph; That they have none."
Form
The ballad consists of two long stanzas of rhyming couplets, and is in primarily iambic pentameter.
References
Further reading
External links
Text transcription of the English broadside ballad Cromwells Panegyrick at the English Broadside Ballad Archive of UC Santa Barbara.
17th-century songs
17th-century English monarchs
Ballads
17th-century military history
Satirical songs
The Wisconsin National Guard consists of the Wisconsin Army National Guard and the Wisconsin Air National Guard. It is a part of the Government of Wisconsin under the control of the Wisconsin Department of Military Affairs. The Wisconsin National Guard dates back to 1848 when it was commissioned by the State as the "Wisconsin State Militia". In 1879, the organization's name was changed to its current title.
Adjutant General
The Adjutant General is Major General Paul E. Knapp. Knapp assumed command from interim Adjutants General Brigadier General Joane K. Mathews and Brigadier General Gary L. Ebben. Ebben took command from Major General Donald P. Dunbar following the latter's resignation after a federal report found they had "willfully ignored sexual assault allegations" in the Wisconsin National Guard. Prior to the change in command, Ebben was the Deputy Adjutant for the Wisconsin Air National Guard. They continued this role concurrently with the interim position. Major General Dunbar had been the state adjutant general since 2007.
See also
Wisconsin State Defense Force
Wisconsin Naval Militia
References
External links
Bibliography of Wisconsin Army National Guard History compiled by the United States Army Center of Military History
National Guard (United States)
Military in Wisconsin
The Field Elm cultivar Ulmus minor 'Christine Buisman' was the first cultivar released by the Dutch elm breeding programme, initiated in response to the less virulent form of Dutch elm disease (DED), Ophiostoma ulmi, which afflicted Europe's elms after the First World War. 'Christine Buisman' was selected from a batch of 390 seedlings grown from seed collected in the Parque de la Quinta de la Fuente del Berro, Madrid, by Mrs Van Eeghen, a friend of elm researcher Johanna Westerdijk, in 1929 and named for the elm disease researcher Christine Buisman. Originally identified as Ulmus foliacea (syn. U. minor), it was later treated as Ulmus × hollandica by Melville. However, more recent research in Belgium using DNA markers has reaffirmed 'Christine Buisman' as a clone of U. minor.
Originally identified as clone No. '24', it showed no symptoms of DED after several artificial inoculations. In later years, minor symptoms were detected on both the motherplant and grafted descendants, but these were considered too insignificant to delay its release to commerce as Ulmus 'Christine Buisman' in 1937.
Description
The tree was deemed to have 'no outstanding ornamental characteristics', being 'broadly pyramidal, but 'irregular' in shape, notably the habit of one or two of the main branches initially growing out almost horizontally for about 1 m before curving upwards to the vertical, while outer branches can be long and pendulous. Other authorities have been more generous, noting its straight trunk and relatively short and slender branches forming a small crown. The twigs are dark brown, strigose pubescent at first, becoming smooth. The alternate buds are ovoid, covered with a grey pubescence. The leaves are 7.0 cm long by 4.5 cm wide, very oblique at the base, with doubly serrate margins, smooth and dark green above, lighter below, and with prominent parallel veins covered with coarse white hair. The petiole is 10 mm long.
Pests and diseases
'Christine Buisman' was found to be highly resistant to the first strain of DED, O. ulmi, but prone to some strains of Coral Spot fungus Nectria cinnabarina as it lacked resistance mechanisms. In the US, the clone also proved highly resistant to elm yellows, but very susceptible to Japanese beetles.
Cultivation
The tree had not been thoroughly evaluated in the field before its release. However, such was the clamour for a resistant tree in the Netherlands, nurseries there raised and released large numbers, selling almost 10,000 per annum by the late 1930s. Once its shortcomings, which included poor resistance to sea winds, became apparent, commercial production soon ceased, although by this time it had already been exported to Italy and the United States where it was planted as a street tree. The tree can still be found in the Netherlands, notably in The Hague, Amsterdam, Wassenaar, and Heiloo; in the UK it is largely restricted to Brighton. In North America, the tree has proved notably tolerant of heat, drought, and cold. In 1972, 1,000 trees were planted in Kansas City. Hardiness USDA Zone 4 (-20° to -10°F, or -29° to -23° C).
Notable trees
A large specimen planted in 1957 by Bernice Cronkhite in memory of Christine Buisman survives (2010) outside the Cronkhite Graduate from Center, Harvard University, US. A particularly impressive plantation exists in the US at Buffalo, along McKinley, Chapin, Bidwell, and Lincoln Parkways, as well as Richmond Avenue and in Forest Lawn Cemetery. In the UK, the TROBI Champion is found on Palmeira Avenue, Hove, 12 m high by 38 cm d.b.h. in 2009.
USDA trials
'Christine Buisman' was extensively trialled during the 1950s in the northern central states of the US by the USDA's Agricultural Research Service. The tree performed very well, and such losses that were sustained were attributable to climatic extremes, not disease.
Cultivars
U. '297'. A Dutch self-pollinated tree; a specimen planted at Preston Park, Brighton, in 1964 was 19 m high, 43 cm d.b.h. in 2001.
Etymology
The tree is named for Christine Buisman, the first full-time elm researcher (1927-1936) in the Netherlands, who provided the final proof that Graphium ulmi Schwarz (now: Ophiostoma ulmi (Buisman) Melin & Nannf. ) was the causal agent of Dutch elm disease. Buisman died in 1936, aged 36.
Synonymy
Ulmus 'Buisman': Plant Buyer's Guide, ed. 6. 285, 1958, without description.
Ulmus × hollandica 'Christine Buisman': Melville, and various arboreta listings in US and Europe.
Ulmus procera 'Christine Buisman': Morton Arboretum Catalogue 2006.
Accessions
North America
Arnold Arboretum, US. Acc. nos. 135-54, 273-46
Bartlett Tree Experts, US. Acc. no. 1371
Dawes Arboretum , Newark, Ohio, US. 3 trees, as U. carpinifolia 'Christine Buisman'. No acc. details available.
Holden Arboretum, US. Acc. nos. 54-271, 55-446
Longwood Gardens, US. Acc. no. 1967-0875
Morton Arboretum, US. Acc. no. 30-2007
United States National Arboretum, Washington, D.C., US. Acc. no. 76239.
Europe
Brighton & Hove City Council, UK. NCCPG Elm Collection. (as Ulmus × hollandica 'Christine Buisman').
Grange Farm Arboretum, Sutton St. James, Lincs., UK. Acc. no. 1257
Priors Hold, Boarhunt, Hants., UK. Butterfly Conservation elm trial plantation.
Netherlands Plant Collection Ulmus, Wijdemeren City Council, Netherlands, 2 trees planted 2019, Overmeerseweg, Nederhorst den Berg.
Nurseries
Europe
Noordplant , Glimmen, Netherlands.
References
External links
Sheet labelled Ulmus procera 'Christine Buisman', Zundert, 1955
Sheet labelled Ulmus 'Christine Buisman', Baarn, 1962
Long shoots, possibly juvenile; sheet labelled Ulmus 'Christine Buisman', Enkhuizen, 1945
"Herbarium specimen HUDC00010313" Howard University Herbarium; 'Christine Buisman' samarae; East Potomac Park (1966)
"Herbarium specimen HUDC00010311" Howard University Herbarium; 'Christine Buisman' leaves; East Potomac Park (1966)
Field elm cultivar
Ulmus articles with images
Ulmus
Throb (or sylized as Throb.) is the third studio album by haloblack, released on February 16, 2004 by Armalyte Industries and The Sick City. The album's recording began after Bryan Barton moved from Minneapolis to London in the late 1990s. Barton became inspired to return to their musical roots and compose again after extensively listening to electronic music and Tricky's 1995 album Maxinquaye. The album was made with collaborative efforts of musicians Kraig Tyler, Charles Levi, Raymond Watts, and Olivier Grasse.
Reception
Release Magazine gave Throb eight out of ten "R's", calling the music "strikingly inventive" and "consistently good." C. Parker of The Wire criticized the mediocre writing and said "from the crackling interference, supine adolescent questioning and maladroit thudding of "Why?" through to the soggy bassline on the closing "Drugbeat". this is one long, unalleviated exercise in gloom and despondency."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Throb liner notes.
haloblack
Bryan Barton (as Bryan Black) – production, mastering, vocals (2, 3, 5, 8, 9, 11, 12)
Additional performers
Toby Doig – feedback (9, 11)
Jules Hodgson – guitar (5)
Charles Levi – bass guitar (6)
Jun Onose (as J) – bass guitar (7)
Arianne Schreiber – production, vocals (3-7, 9, 12)
Krayge Tyler – production, guitar (3, 4, 7, 12)
Production and design
Olivier Grasset – additional production (3), additional programming (5)
Sachiko Tozawa – mastering
Raymond Watts – production (5), vocals (7)
Release history
References
External links
Throb at Bandcamp
Throb at Discogs (list of releases)
2004 albums
Haloblack albums
Jeanette Guysi (1873–1966) was an American painter who was principal of the Detroit Museum School of Art. Them career path followed that of their elder sister, Alice Viola Guysi.
Biography
Guysi was born on March 10, 1873, in Cincinnati. They studied with William Sartain at the National Academy of Design in New York City, then traveled with their sister, Alice Viola Guysi, to Paris, France where they studied at the Académie Colarossi
In 1891 and 1892, Guysi exhibited their paintings at the Paris Salon. They exhibited their work at the Woman's Building at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, Illinois. They also exhibited their work at the Art Institute of Chicago.
Guysi and their sister moved to Detroit in 1896. There, Jeanette served as principal of the Detroit Museum School of Art.
Guysi died on January 6, 1966, in Birmingham, Michigan.
References
1873 births
1966 deaths
19th-century American women artists
20th-century American women artists
Artists from Cincinnati
Keith Irvine Geddes (25 October 1918 – 30 March 1991) was a Scottish rugby union player.
Career
Geddes was educated at Loretto School and Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.
Geddes played for Cambridge University R.U.F.C. in The Varsity Match in 1938 and served with No. 604 Squadron RAF in World War 2, winning the Distinguished Flying Cross.
They were capped four times for in 1947 and captained Scotland in their first two matches, against France and Wales. They also played for London Scottish FC.
They were the son of Irvine Geddes, who was also capped for Scotland and who also captained Scotland, in the Calcutta Cup match of 1908.
References
Bibliography
Bath, Richard (ed.), The Scotland Rugby Miscellany. Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007. .
Griffiths, John, The Phoenix Book of International Rugby Records. Phoenix House / J. M. Dent & Sons, London, 1987.
1918 births
1991 deaths
Cambridge University R.U.F.C. players
London Scottish F.C. players
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United Kingdom)
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
The seventh season of television drama series Wentworth premiered on Fox Showcase in Australia on 28 May 2019. It is executive produced by FremantleMedia's director of drama, Jo Porter. The seventh season picks up a few months after the events of last season's finale, the presumed closure of the case of Joan Ferguson and the subsequent arrest of former acting Governor, Derek Channing.
This season introduces multiple new recurring characters, Dr. Greg Miller (David de Lautour), Sean Brody (Rick Donald), Narelle Stang (Morgana O'Reilly), and Kylee Webb (Geraldine Hakewill).
Plot
With the case of Joan Ferguson presumably closed, a significantly pregnant Vera and their co-conspirators in the Freak's demise, Will and Jake, are off the hook... at least for now. Meanwhile, Wentworth's eclectic mix of misfits are fracturing as the powers of love, deception and revenge threaten to break them apart for good. The onset of dementia finds Liz clutching at any semblance of hope, while Boomer has to deal with their feelings after the break-up of their family.
Cast
Main
Leah Purcell as Rita Connors
Celia Ireland as Liz Birdsworth
Katrina Milosevic as Sue "Boomer" Jenkins
Robbie J Magasiva as Deputy Governor/Acting Governor Will Jackson
Tammy Macintosh as Kaz Proctor
Kate Jenkinson as Allie Novak
Bernard Curry as Jake Stewart
Rarriwuy Hick as Ruby Mitchell
Susie Porter as Marie Winter
Kate Atkinson as Governor Vera Bennett
Special guest
Nicole da Silva as Franky Doyle
Pamela Rabe as Joan Ferguson
Recurring
Jacquie Brennan as Acting Deputy Governor Linda Miles
David de Lautour as Dr. Greg Miller
Morgana O'Reilly as Narelle Stang
Lucia Brancastiano as Officer Peta Webb
Geraldine Hakewill as Kylee Webb
Rick Donald as Sean Brody
Chloe Ng as Nurse Shen
Artemis Ioannides as Vicky Kosta
Anni Finsterer as May Jenkins
Emily Havea as Mon Alston
Sarah Hallam as Jen Hutchins
David Downer as Attorney-General Michael Heston
Shane Connor as Ray Houser
Bert LaBonte as Rodney Gavin
Thomas Fisher as Artie Donaldson
Episodes
Production
A seventh season was commissioned in April 2018, before the sixth-season premiere, with filming commencing the following week.
Foxtel's head of drama and Wentworth executive producer Penny Win said: "It's hard to believe we are already rolling the cameras on season seven of Wentworth. It feels like only yesterday we were reintroducing Foxtel viewers to such iconic characters like Bea Smith and 'The Freak' Joan Ferguson. The way in which our audience, both locally and internationally, has embraced and connected with the show goes to prove that people will watch, embrace, love and continue to support quality Australian drama.
New cast members joining the show during the season, included Dr. Greg Miller (David de Lautour), Sean Brody (Rick Donald), Narelle Stang (Morgana O'Reilly), and Kylee Webb (Geraldine Hakewill).
Original ending
Season seven of Wentworth was intended to be the final season; however, in December 2018, it was announced that the series was renewed for an additional 20 episodes which will broadcast through 2020 and 2021.
Following the renewal, several scenes from the final episode had to be cut, and new scenes were shot and inserted to lead the story into the eighth season. The cut scenes, which were intended to give closure to the series, included Franky and Bridget with Vera and Baby Grace, while another scene featuring three new prisoners who have arrived at Wentworth (cameo appearances by original Prisoner cast members Val Lehman, Fiona Spence, and Colette Mann who played Bea Smith, Vera Bennett, and Doreen Anderson/Burns, respectively).
Reception
Ratings
Accolades
AACTA Awards
Nominated: Best Television Drama Series – Wentworth
Australian Directors Guild Awards
Nominated: Best Direction in a TV or SVOD Drama Series – Kevin Carlin for "Under Siege: Part 2"
Logie Awards
The Logie Awards for 2020 have been suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic and will feature as part of the 2021 awards with joint nominations for both seasons seven and eight.
Home media
References
External links
2019 Australian television seasons
Wentworth (TV series)
Paul George Hardyman (born 11 May 1964 in Portsmouth) is an English former footballer and coach. They were a left-back for Portsmouth, Sunderland, Bristol Rovers, Barnet, Wycombe and Slough Town.
 They are currently Academy manager and assistant coach at Orange County Soccer Club who have just won the United Soccer League (USL).
Playing career
Hardyman began their playing career at Waterlooville, immediately becoming a first-team regular for the whole of the 1982–83 season in the Southern League Premier Division, playing as a winger. During that season they also appeared several times for Portsmouth Reserves in the Midweek League. They joined Portsmouth permanently in the summer of 1983, shortly after their promotion to Division Two, and was converted to a left-back.
During the 1985–86 season Hardyman represented England for the second and final time at U21 level in the European Championship quarter-final against Denmark in Copenhagen. Although England returned victorious, Hardyman lost their place for the semi-final as Mitchell Thomas of Tottenham, whom they had replaced for the quarter-final, had recovered from injury. In 1989 Hardyman was transferred to Sunderland for a fee of £130,000. While at Sunderland, they played in the 1992 FA Cup Final as a substitute where they lost to Liverpool.
Later career
Following the end of their playing career, Hardyman worked alongside Guy Whittingham as a match day summariser for Portsmouth matches on BBC Radio Solent. Until being made redundant by Portsmouth in October 2009, Hardyman coached Portsmouth youngsters between the ages of 8 & 18 alongside Whittingham, Rod Ruddick and Ian Woan.
For a time, Hardyman was manager at Sydenhams Football League (Wessex) club New Milton Town, where they also played a few matches, including being sent off on their debut. They left the club in 2011 to return to Portsmouth, assisting academy manager Andy Awford. When Awford was appointed caretaker manager of the first team in March 2014, Hardyman became first-team coach and was appointed permanently to the role in June.
Following Awford's departure in April 2015, Hardyman assisted caretaker manager Gary Waddock for the rest of the season. They and Waddock left the club in May 2015.
They subsequently joined Watford, coaching their under-12 and under-14 teams, before becoming the under-18 coach in summer 2017.
In July 2018 Paul Hardyman joined Southampton after being appointed to the position of Lead Under-16s coach in the Saints Academy.
References
External links
Paul Hardyman Basingstoke Town Profile
1964 births
Living people
Footballers from Portsmouth
Waterlooville F.C. players
Portsmouth F.C. players
Sunderland A.F.C. players
Bristol Rovers F.C. players
Wycombe Wanderers F.C. players
Barnet F.C. players
New Milton Town F.C. players
Portsmouth F.C. non-playing staff
Watford F.C. non-playing staff
England under-21 international footballers
English footballers
New Milton Town F.C. managers
Association football defenders
English football managers
Southampton F.C. non-playing staff
Rangers F.C. non-playing staff
FA Cup Final players
Nowokajetanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The São Tomé and Príncipe women's national football team represents São Tomé and Príncipe in international women's football. It is governed by the São Toméan Football Federation. It has played in six FIFA recognised matches and has never been internationally ranked by FIFA. The country also has a national under-19 team.
History
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team, including São Tomé and Príncipe who did not play their first FIFA recognised fixture until 2002 when they participated in qualifications for the 2003 Women's World Cup. In the team's history, they have only played in six FIFA recognised matches. On 10 August 2002 in São Tome, São Tomé and Príncipe lost to Gabon 0–2 after being down 0–1 at the half. On 24 August 2002 in Libreville, São Tomé and Príncipe lost to Gabon 0–6 after being down 0–3 at the half. They finished last in the first group round, scoring 0 total goals and having 8 scored against them in two games. On 19 February 2006 in São Tomé and Príncipe, São Tomé and Príncipe lost 0–3 to Togo. On 26 February 2006 in Togo, São Tomé and Príncipe lost 0–6 to Togo. In 2010, the country did not have a team competing in the African Women's Championships during the preliminary rounds or at the 2011 All Africa Games. In June 2012, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA. The team has never been ranked by FIFA.
In October 2021, São Tomé and Príncipe participated in the first round of 2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification, which acted also as the first round of Africa's 2023 Women's World Cup qualifiers, but withdrew after losing the first leg to Togo 0–5, leading to the cancellation of the second and the team's elimination.
Under-20
In 2002, São Tomé and Príncipe women's national under-19 football team participated in the African Women U-19 Championship, the first edition of the competition to be held. In the first round, they lost to Mali women's national under-19 football team twice with scores of 0–6 and 1–4. The age grouping for the youth national cup was subsequently changed from under-19 to under-20. São Tomé and Príncipe women's national under-20 football team was supposed to play against Central African Republic women's national under-20 football team in the African Women U-20 World Cup 2010 Qualifying in 2010 but São Tomé and Príncipe withdrew and Central African Republic got a walkover in their scheduled matches against the country.
Background and development
The island country gained independence in 1975, the same year the national football association was created. The association gained FIFA recognition in 1986. Female players register with the national association starting at the age of 16. In 2009, there were only four women's only teams in the country, which formed a national competition.
Early development of the women's game at the time began when colonial powers brought football to the continent was limited as colonial powers in the region tended to take make concepts of patriarchy and women's participation in sport with them to local cultures that had similar concepts already embedded in them. The lack of later development of the national team on a wider international level symptomatic of all African teams is a result of several factors, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. When quality female football players are developed, they tend to leave for greater opportunities abroad. Continent wide, funding is also an issue, with most development money coming from FIFA, not the national football association. Future success for women's football in Africa is dependent on improved facilities and access by women to these facilities. Attempting to commercialise the game and make it commercially viable is not the solution, as demonstrated by the current existence of many youths and women's football camps held throughout the continent.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
As of September 2022
Manager history
Marcelina da Costa (2022– )
Players
Current squad
The following players were named on 10 October 2021 for the 2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a São Tomé and Príncipe squad in the past 12 months.
–
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games record
UNIFFAC Women's Cup
References
External links
African women's national association football teams
Football in São Tomé and Príncipe
W
Maria Margaret La Primaudaye Pollen (10 April 1838 – c. 1919), known as Minnie, was a decorative arts collector. As Mrs John Hungerford Pollen, they became known during the early-twentieth century as an authority on the history of textiles, publishing Seven Centuries of Lace in 1908.
Life
Maria Margaret La Primaudaye was born into a Huguenot family on 10 April 1838, the third child of the Revd Charles John La Primaudaye, a descendant of Pierre de La Primaudaye. They were educated in Italy. Them family converted to Catholicism in 1851, and it was in Rome that their father met another recent English convert, John Hungerford Pollen, previously an Anglican priest and a decorative artist. They became engaged to Pollen, who was then seventeen years their senior, in the summer of 1854, and was married in the church of Woodchester monastery, near Stroud, Gloucester, on 18 September 1855. The Pollens initially settled in Dublin, where John Hungerford Pollen had been offered the professorship of fine arts at the newly-founded University College Dublin, having been introduced to John Henry Newman by Charles La Primaudaye.
In the summer of 1857, the Pollens moved to London, where they became enthusiastic members of the artistic and literary community. A renewed friendship with members of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood led to Pollen's involvement in the decoration of the Oxford Union debating chamber. Dante Gabriel Rossetti, who co-ordinated the project, made a portrait sketch of Maria Margaret Pollen in August 1857.
The Pollens had ten children, among them the Jesuit historian and archivist, John Hungerford Pollen, and the journalist, inventor, and business person, Arthur Hungerford Pollen. The church architect, Francis Pollen, was a great-grandson.
During the 1870s and 1880s, the Pollens rented Newbuildings Place in Shipley, Sussex from Wilfrid Scawen Blunt, a childhood friend of the La Primaudaye family. Blunt's biographer, Elizabeth Longford, suggested that from 1872 they and Maria Margaret Pollen were engaged in a romantic affair. Relations between the two families, which had been unusually intimate, broke down in 1888 when Lady Anne Blunt accused Arthur Pollen of over-familiarity towards their daughter, Judith.
Collecting
Maria Margaret Pollen collected old lace, fans, and eighteenth-century English glass. They attributed their particular interest in textiles to their friend Mrs Bury Palliser, the art writer and lace expert, who gave them one of their first 'specimens' in 1862. Pollen's collections were exhibited during their lifetime at the South Kensington Museum, where their husband was from 1863 Assistant Keeper; the 1908 Franco-British Exhibition; and the 1910 Japan-British Exhibition.
Following the death of their husband in 1902, they had continued to develop their joint interest in decorative art and antique textiles, becoming a lecturer on the subject of old lace. In 1908, they published a history of lace-making, including an illustrated catalogue of 120 pieces in their own collection, entitled Seven Centuries of Old Lace. Based on the study of illuminated manuscripts, Italian fresco paintings, and original research into other examples of old lace in private and ecclesiastical collections, the work was notable for arguing that lace, previously thought to have been an invention of the sixteenth century, could be traced back to antiquity through the ornamentation of linen liturgical vestments.
Works
Seven Centuries of Lace, with a preface by Alan S. Cole (London: W. Heinemann, 1908)
"Lace" in The Catholic Encyclopedia, vol. 8 (New York, 1910), pp. 729–32
"Early Design in Lace" in The Burlington Magazine for Connoisseurs 19:98 (May 1911)
"Ancient Lace in the Royal Museums, Brussels" in The Burlington Magazine for Connoisseurs 21:114 (September 1912)
"Ancient Linen Garments" in The Burlington Magazine for Connoisseurs 25:136 (July 1914)
Preface to Anne Pollen, John Hungerford Pollen, 1820-1902 (London: John Murray, 1919)
References
External links
Catalogue of the Pollen family papers at the Churchill Archives Centre
English women non-fiction writers
Antiques experts
Women collectors
1838 births
1910s deaths
Elwira Żmudzka is a Polish climatologist.  They are president of the Association of Polish Climatologists.
 They are a research and teaching fellow at the University of Warsaw.
Works
References
Living people
University of Warsaw faculty
Polish climatologists
Women climatologists
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Bamu Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Western Province, Papua New Guinea. The Kamula language is spoken in the LLG, near the Wawoi Falls area.
Wards
01. Samakopa (Kamula language speakers)
02. Kawalasi
03. Kamusi
04. Parieme
05. Bibisa (Foia Foia language speakers)
06. Gagori
07. Iowa
08. Garu
09. Miruwo
10. Wakau/Sogere
11. Asaramio
12. Bina
13. Sisiam
14. Torobina
15. Bamio
16. Pirupiru
17. Ukusi
18. Nemeti
19. Ibuo
See also
Bamu River
Wawoi River
References
Local-level governments of Western Province (Papua New Guinea)
The Impossible () is a 2012 English-language Spanish disaster drama directed by Juan Antonio Bayona and written by Sergio G. Sánchez. It is based on the experience of María Belón and their family in the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami. The cast includes Naomi Watts, Ewan McGregor, and Tom Holland.
The film received positive reviews from critics for its direction and its acting, especially for Watts who was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress, the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Drama, and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role.
Accolades
See also
List of awards and nominations received by Naomi Watts
List of awards and nominations received by Ewan McGregor
References
External links
Lists of accolades by film
Tseveenii Jügder () was a Mongolian chess player and Mongolian Chess Championship winner (1955). They were born in 1919 in Bulgan, Dornod.
Biography
In the 1950s Tseveenii Jügder was one of Mongolia's leading chess players. In 1955 they won the Mongolian Chess Championship.
Tseveenii Jügder played for Mongolia in the Chess Olympiad:
In 1956, at first board in the 12th Chess Olympiad in Moscow (+4, =3, -9).
Tseveenii Jügder played for Mongolia in the World Student Team Chess Championship:
In 1957, at first reserve board in the 4th World Student Team Chess Championship in Reykjavik (+2, =2, -2).
References
External links
Tseveenii Jügder chess games at 365chess.com
1919 births
Year of death missing
People from Dornod Province
Mongolian chess players
Chess Olympiad competitors
20th-century chess players
A parathyroid adenoma is a benign tumor of the parathyroid gland. It generally causes hyperparathyroidism; there are very few reports of parathyroid adenomas that were not associated with hyperparathyroidism.
A human being usually has four parathyroid glands located on the posterior surface of the thyroid in the neck. In order to maintain calcium metabolism, the parathyroid glands secrete parathyroid hormone (PTH) which stimulates the bones to release calcium and the kidneys to reabsorb it from the urine into the blood, thereby increasing its serum level. The action of calcitonin opposes PTH. When a parathyroid adenoma causes hyperparathyroidism, more parathyroid hormone is secreted, causing the calcium concentration of the blood to rise, resulting in hypercalcemia.
Signs and symptoms
The first signs of a parathyroid adenoma and the resulting primary hyperparathyroidism can include bone fractures and urinary calculi such as kidney stones.
Often, a parathyroid adenoma is diagnosed by an incidental finding on blood tests that reveal high calcium levels. Patients may not be experiencing any noticeable symptoms but could be producing excessive amounts of calcium and eventually experience problems later in life if untreated. However, if symptomatic, patients can experience: pain or discomfort in the joints, muscles, and abdomen; depression and mood changes due to the hormonal imbalance.; constipation; exhaustion; and kidney damage.
Genetics
Parathyroid adenoma can be associated with overexpression of the cyclin D1 gene. It is also associated with multiple endocrine neoplasia (MEN).
Diagnosis
Hyperparathyroidism is confirmed by blood tests such as calcium and PTH levels. A specific test for parathyroid adenoma is sestamibi parathyroid scintigraphy, the sestamibi scan. This nuclear imaging technique reveals the presence and location of pathological parathyroid tissue.
4DCT is used as second line investigation to diagnose parathyroid adenoma. In addition to the three dimensional imaging of a conventional CT scan, 4DCT provides imaging on the changes of iodinated contrast enhancement overtime and present them in a video format (from plain imaging to arterial to venous and delay phases). Parathyroid adenoma would show low density on non contrast image, with peak enhancement during the arterial phase, then slowly fade away until the delay phase.
Treatment
Surgery is the only cure for parathyroid adenomas. It is successful about 95% of the time. Parathyroidectomy is the removal of the affected gland(s). The standard of treatment of primary hyperparathyroidism was formerly a surgical technique called bilateral neck exploration, in which the neck was opened on both sides, the parathyroids were identified, and the affected tissue was removed. By the 1980s, unilateral exploration became more common. Parathyroidectomy can now be performed in a minimally invasive fashion, mainly because imaging techniques can pinpoint the location of the tissue. Minimally invasive techniques include smaller open procedures, radio-guided and video-assisted procedures, and totally endoscopic surgery.
Before surgery is attempted, the affected glandular tissue must be located. Though the parathyroid glands are usually located on the back of the thyroid, their position is variable. Some people have one or more parathyroid glands elsewhere in the neck anatomy or in the chest. About 10% of parathyroid adenomas are ectopic, located not along the back of the thyroid but elsewhere in the body, sometimes in the mediastinum of the chest. This can make them difficult to locate, so various imaging techniques are used, such as the sestamibi scan, single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT), ultrasound, MRI, and CT scans. sometimes parathyroid adenomas can be ablated by ethanol injection, laser or radiofrequency guided by ultrasound.
Micrographs
See also
Endocrine system
Parathyroid disease
References
External links
Endocrine neoplasia
Benign neoplasms
Khiren Roy was a veteran journalist and editor to some English and Assamese Dailies published from Assam. They were born at Matia, a hamlet in Goalpara district of Assam.
Education
Roy completed their MA in English literature and PhD in Mass Communication from Gauhati University. They also participated in a higher course of journalism jointly organized by the Press Institute of India and the Thomson Foundation, U.K.
Career
Roy started their career as a staff reporter to The Assam Tribune and later became the Deputy Editor of it. They were also the editor of The North East Times and Meghalaya Guardian. Then they established a publishing house named The Frontier Publication Pvt Ltd, launched the Assamese daily Asomiya Khabar and worked as the Chief editor of it. They were also involved in teaching Journalism and Creative Writing at the Gauhati University, Indira Gandhi National Open University at Guwahati and Shillong.
Works
Roy authored a number of novels and storybooks. Here is a list of them.
Personal life
They married Gayatri on 14 May 1975 and fathered two daughters – Arupa and Antara.
Death
On 11 March 2009, at the age of 68, Roy died following a cardiac failure.
References
External links
Khiren Roy's website
2009 deaths
People from Goalpara district
Indian male journalists
Indian newspaper editors
Gauhati University alumni
Journalists from Assam
1941 births
20th-century Indian journalists
Events from the year 1914 in Scotland.
Incumbents
Secretary for Scotland and Keeper of the Great Seal – Thomas McKinnon Wood
Law officers
Lord Advocate – Robert Munro
Solicitor General for Scotland – Thomas Brash Morison
Judiciary
Lord President of the Court of Session and Lord Justice General – Lord Strathclyde
Lord Justice Clerk – Lord Kingsburgh
Chairman of the Scottish Land Court – Lord Kennedy
Events
21 February – Militant suffragette Ethel Moorhead, imprisoned in Calton Jail, Edinburgh, for attempted fire-raising, becomes the first in Scotland to suffer force-feeding while on hunger strike; four days later they are released on health grounds.
14 April – A collision at Burntisland railway station between an express and a shunting goods train following a signalman's error kills two locomotive crew and injures twelve passengers.
2 May – Glasgow newspaper The Saturday Post, a predecessor of The Sunday Post, changes its title to The Sporting Post.
18 June – A railway bridge collapse at Carrbridge following a torrential thunderstorm kills five people.
July – Militant suffragette Fanny Parker is arrested while attempting (probably with Ethel Moorhead) to set fire to Burns Cottage, Alloway.
3 July – Govanhill Baths in Glasgow inaugurated.
4 July – A memorial is unveiled at Hawick to the Battle of Hornshole (1514).
10 July – A royal visit to Scotland is interrupted by suffragettes: one attempts to reach the King and Queen's carriage at Dundee; and Rhoda Fleming leaps onto the footboard of the royal car at Perth; police protect them from an angry crowd.
30 July – Norwegian aviator Tryggve Gran makes the first crossing of the North Sea by aeroplane, flying from Cruden Bay to Jæren in Norway in the Blériot XI monoplane Ca Flotte.
August – The British Royal Navy's Grand Fleet is formed in Scapa Flow.
4 August – World War I: Declaration of war by the United Kingdom on the German Empire.
9 August – World War I: Light cruiser rams and sinks Imperial German Navy submarine U-15 off Fair Isle, the first U-boat claimed by the Royal Navy.
28 August–28 September – World War I: German spy Carl Hans Lody is operating from Edinburgh.
September – World War I
Revolutionary socialist teacher John Maclean holds their first anti-war rally, on Glasgow Green.
Rumours spread that Russian troops, landed on the east coast of Scotland, have passed on trains through Britain en route to the Western Front.
5 September – World War I: Scout cruiser is sunk by German submarine U-21 in the Firth of Forth with loss of all but nine of their crew, the first ship ever to be sunk by a locomotive torpedo fired from a submarine.
8 September – Armed merchant cruiser HMS Oceanic runs aground on the Shaalds o' Foula and is lost.
14 September – World War I: Scottish soldiers William Henry Johnston, Ross Tollerton and George Wilson are awarded the Victoria Cross in separate actions on the Western Front.
26 September – World War I: the 15th (Scottish) Infantry Division, newly formed as part of Kitchener's Army, first parades as a unit.
15 October – World War I: Protected cruiser is torpedoed by German submarine U-9 off Aberdeen, sinking in under ten minutes with the loss of 524 crew and only seventy survivors.
16/17 October – World War I: Scare of submarine attack in Scapa Flow causes the Grand Fleet to disperse while the anchorage is secured.
22 October – World War I: Glaswegian Private Henry May, a regular soldier with 1st Battalion, The Cameronians (Scottish Rifles) at La Boutillerie, is awarded the Victoria Cross for rescuing wounded comrades.
3 November – Trawler Ivanhoe, requisitioned as an armed patrol vessel, strikes the Black Rock near Leith while minelaying and sinks.
23 November – World War I: German submarine U-18 is intercepted and forced to scuttle while attempting to enter Scapa Flow.
25 November – World War I: sixteen Heart of Midlothian F.C. players enlist en masse – seven will die in action before the war ends.
St Andrew's Cathedral, Aberdeen, raised to the status of cathedral within the Episcopal Church.
A. & R. Scott introduce the brand name Scott's Porage Oats.
Births
1 January – Alexander Reid, playwright (died 1982)
13 March – Kay Tremblay film actor, living in Canada (died 2005 in Stratford, Ontario)
26 May – Archie Duncan, actor (died 1979)
14 June – Alexander Buchanan Campbell, architect (died 2007)
14 June – Ruthven Todd, poet, artist and novelist (died October 1978 in Spain)
25 June – Matthew McDiarmid, literary scholar, essayist, campaigning academic and poet (died 1996)
15 July – Gavin Maxwell, naturalist and writer (died 1969)
4 November – Duncan Macrae, international rugby union player (died 2007)
20 December – Robert Colquhoun, painter, printmaker and theatre set designer (died 1962 in London)
29 December – Tom Weir, climber, naturalist and broadcaster (died 2006)
Richard Scott, general practitioner and academic (died 1983)
Ann Scott-Moncrieff, author (died 1943)
Deaths
1 March – Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, 4th Earl of Minto, soldier and colonial administrator (born 1845 in London)
16 March – Sir John Murray, oceanographer, marine biologist and limnologist (born 1841 in Canada)
31 March – William Henry Oliphant Smeaton, writer, journalist, editor, historian and educator (born in 1856)
26 June – Edward Calvert, domestic architect (born 1847 in Brentford)
30 September – Sir Henry Littlejohn, forensic surgeon (born 1826)
21 October – James William Cleland, Liberal Party MP for Glasgow Bridgeton (1906–10) (born 1874)
19 December – William Bruce, soldier, posthumous recipient of the Victoria Cross (born 1890; killed in action near Givenchy)
25 December – Donald MacKinnon, Celtic scholar (born in 1839)
The arts
16 March – the Usher Hall opens in Edinburgh as a concert hall.
John MacDougall Hay's novel Gillespie is published.
Bandmaster Frederick J. Ricketts ('Kenneth J. Alford') composes the "Colonel Bogey March" while serving with the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders at Fort George.
References
Scotland
Years of the 20th century in Scotland
1910s in Scotland
Khuean Srinagarindra National Park (; ; "Srinagarind Dam National Park") is a national park in Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand. The park, centred on the Srinagarind Reservoir, is part of the Western Forest Complex protected area.
Geography
Khuean Srinagarindra National Park is northwest of Kanchanaburi town in Sai Yok, Si Sawat and Thong Pha Phum districts. The park's area is .
At the heart of the park is the Srinagarind Reservoir, a reservoir created by the damming of the Khwae Yai river by the Srinagarind Dam.
History
The park's caves, particularly Tham Phra Prang, were used by Thai soldiers as a hiding place during the Thai – Burmese wars of the 18th century.
Srinagarind Reservoir formed on completion of the Srinagarind Dam in 1980. On 23 December 1981, Khuean Srinagarindra was designated a national park.
Attractions
Khuean Srinagarindra's most popular attraction is Huay Mae Khamin waterfall, a waterfall of seven levels which eventually flows to the Khwae Yai River. The waterfall's source is in the mountains in the east of the park. Other park waterfalls include Pha Sawan and Pha Tat.
The park contains numerous cave systems. The long Tham Sawan features prehistoric cave paintings. Tham Neramit is dome-like in appearance and features stalactites and stalagmites. Tham Phra Prang, also featuring stalactites and stalagmites, hosts a Buddha image inside. Other caves include Tham Nam Mut and Tham Phra Kho.
Flora and fauna
The park's mountain forests are evergreen and deciduous.
Animal species include leopard cat, civet, slow loris, squirrels and bats. Bird life includes green peafowl, osprey, parakeets, kingfishers, orioles and barbets.
References
National parks of Thailand
Geography of Kanchanaburi province
Tourist attractions in Kanchanaburi province
1981 establishments in Thailand
Protected areas established in 1981
George Grech is the former Police Commissioner of Malta.
References
Living people
20th-century Maltese people
21st-century Maltese people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Maltese police officers
De Stijl (; ), Dutch for "The Style", also known as Neoplasticism, was a Dutch art movement founded in 1917 in Leiden. De Stijl consisted of artists and architects. In a more narrow sense, the term De Stijl is used to refer to a body of work from 1917 to 1931 founded in the Netherlands. Proponents of De Stijl advocated pure abstraction and universality by a reduction to the essentials of form and colour; they simplified visual compositions to vertical and horizontal, using only black, white and primary colors.
De Stijl is also the name of a journal that was published by the Dutch painter, designer, writer, and critic Theo van Doesburg that served to propagate the group's theories. Along with van Doesburg, the group's principal members were the painters Piet Mondrian, Vilmos Huszár, Bart van der Leck, and the architects Gerrit Rietveld, Robert van 't Hoff, and J. J. P. Oud. The artistic philosophy that formed a basis for the group's work is known as Neoplasticism—the new plastic art (or Nieuwe Beelding in Dutch).
According to Theo van Doesburg in the introduction of the magazine De Stijl 1917 no.1, the "De Stijl"-movement was a reaction to the "Modern Baroque" of the Amsterdam School movement (Dutch expressionist architecture) with the magazine Wendingen (1918–1931).
Principles and influences
Mondrian sets forth the delimitations of Neoplasticism in their essay "Neo-Plasticism in Pictorial Art". They write, "this new plastic idea will ignore the particulars of appearance, that is to say, natural form and colour. On the contrary, it should find its expression in the abstraction of form and colour, that is to say, in the straight line and the clearly defined primary colour". With these constraints, their art allows only primary colours and non-colours, only squares and rectangles, only straight and horizontal or vertical lines. The De Stijl movement posited the fundamental principle of the geometry of the straight line, the square, and the rectangle, combined with a strong asymmetricality; the predominant use of pure primary colors with black and white; and the relationship between positive and negative elements in an arrangement of non-objective forms and lines.
The name De Stijl is supposedly derived from Gottfried Semper's Der Stil in den technischen und tektonischen Künsten oder Praktische Ästhetik (1861–3), which Curl suggests was mistakenly believed to advocate materialism and functionalism. The "plastic vision" of De Stijl artists, also called Neo-Plasticism, saw itself as reaching beyond the changing appearance of natural things to bring an audience into intimate contact with an immutable core of reality, a reality that was not so much a visible fact as an underlying spiritual vision. In general, De Stijl proposed ultimate simplicity and abstraction, both in architecture and painting, by using only straight horizontal and vertical lines and rectangular forms. Furthermore, their formal vocabulary was limited to the primary colours, red, yellow, and blue, and the three primary values, black, white, and grey. The works avoided symmetry and attained aesthetic balance by the use of opposition. This element of the movement embodies the second meaning of stijl: "a post, jamb or support"; this is best exemplified by the construction of crossing joints, most commonly seen in carpentry.
In many of the group's three-dimensional works, vertical and horizontal lines are positioned in layers or planes that do not intersect, thereby allowing each element to exist independently and unobstructed by other elements. This feature can be found in the Rietveld Schröder House and the Red and Blue Chair.
De Stijl was influenced by Cubist painting as well as by the mysticism and the ideas about "ideal" geometric forms (such as the "perfect straight line") in the neoplatonic philosophy of mathematician M. H. J. Schoenmaekers. The De Stijl movement was also influenced by Neopositivism. The works of De Stijl would influence the Bauhaus style and the international style of architecture as well as clothing and interior design. However, it did not follow the general guidelines of an "-ism" (e.g., Cubism, Futurism, Surrealism), nor did it adhere to the principles of art schools like the Bauhaus; it was a collective project, a joint enterprise.
In music, De Stijl was an influence only on the work of composer Jakob van Domselaer, a close friend of Mondrian. Between 1913 and 1916, they composed their Proeven van Stijlkunst ("Experiments in Artistic Style"), inspired mainly by Mondrian's paintings. This minimalistic—and, at the time, revolutionary—music defined "horizontal" and "vertical" musical elements and aimed at balancing those two principles. Van Domselaer was relatively unknown in their lifetime, and did not play a significant role within De Stijl.
History
Early history
From the flurry of new art movements that followed the Impressionist revolutionary new perception of painting, Cubism arose in the early 20th century as an important and influential new direction. In the Netherlands, too, there was interest in this "new art".
However, because the Netherlands remained neutral in World War I, Dutch artists were not able to leave the country after 1914 and were thus effectively isolated from the international art world—and in particular, from Paris, which was its centre then.
During that period, Theo van Doesburg started looking for other artists to set up a journal and start an art movement. Van Doesburg was also a writer, poet, and critic, who had been more successful writing about art than working as an independent artist. Quite adept at making new contacts due to their flamboyant personality and outgoing nature, they had many useful connections in the art world.
Founding of De Stijl
Around 1915, Van Doesburg started meeting the artists who would eventually become the founders of the journal. They first met Piet Mondrian at an exhibition in Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam. Mondrian, who had moved to Paris in 1912 (and there, changed their name from "Mondriaan"), had been visiting the Netherlands when war broke out. They could not return to Paris, and was staying in the artists' community of Laren, where they met Bart van der Leck and regularly saw M. H. J. Schoenmaekers. In 1915, Schoenmaekers published Het nieuwe wereldbeeld ("The New Image of the World"), followed in 1916 by Beginselen der beeldende wiskunde ("Principles of Plastic Mathematics"). These two publications would greatly influence Mondrian and other members of De Stijl.
Van Doesburg also knew J. J. P. Oud and the Hungarian artist Vilmos Huszár. In 1917 the cooperation of these artists, together with the poet Antony Kok, resulted in the founding of De Stijl. The young architect Gerrit Rietveld joined the group in 1918. At its height De Stijl had 100 members and the journal had a circulation of 300.
During those first few years, the group was still relatively homogeneous, although Van der Leck left in 1918 due to artistic differences of opinion. Manifestos were being published, signed by all members. The social and economic circumstances of the time formed an important source of inspiration for their theories, and their ideas about architecture were heavily influenced by Hendrik Petrus Berlage and Frank Lloyd Wright.
The name Nieuwe Beelding was a term first coined in 1917 by Mondrian, who wrote a series of twelve articles called De Nieuwe Beelding in de schilderkunst ("Neo-Plasticism in Painting") that were published in the journal De Stijl. In 1920 they published a book titled Le Néo-Plasticisme.
After 1920
Around 1921, the group's character started to change. From the time of van Doesburg's association with Bauhaus, other influences started playing a role. These influences were mainly Malevich and Russian Constructivism, to which not all members agreed. In 1924 Mondrian broke with the group after van Doesburg proposed the theory of elementarism, suggesting that a diagonal line is more vital than horizontal and vertical ones. In addition, the De Stijl group acquired many new "members". Dadaist influences, such as I. K. Bonset's poetry and Aldo Camini's "antiphilosophy" generated controversy as well. Only after Van Doesburg's death was it revealed that Bonset and Camini were two of their pseudonyms.
After van Doesburg's death
Theo van Doesburg died in Davos, Switzerland, in 1931. Their wife, Nelly, administered their estate.
Because of van Doesburg's pivotal role within De Stijl, the group did not survive. Individual members remained in contact, but De Stijl could not exist without a strong central character. Thus, it may be wrong to think of De Stijl as a close-knit group of artists. The members knew each other, but most communication took place by letter. For example, Mondrian and Rietveld never met in person.
Many, though not all, artists did stay true to the movement's basic ideas, even after 1931. Rietveld, for instance, continued designing furniture according to De Stijl principles, while Mondrian continued working in the style they had initiated around 1920. Van der Leck, on the other hand, went back to figurative compositions after their departure from the group.
Influence on architecture
The De Stijl influence on architecture remained considerable long after its inception; Mies van der Rohe was among the most important proponents of its ideas. Between 1923 and 1924, Rietveld designed the Rietveld Schröder House, the only building to have been created completely according to De Stijl principles. Examples of Stijl-influenced works by J.J.P. Oud can be found in Rotterdam () and Hook of Holland. Other examples include the Eames House by Charles and Ray Eames, and the interior decoration for the Aubette dance hall in Strasbourg, designed by Sophie Taeuber-Arp, Jean Arp and van Doesburg.
Present day
Works by De Stijl members are scattered all over the world, but De Stijl-themed exhibitions are organised regularly. Museums with large De Stijl collections include the Gemeentemuseum in The Hague (which owns the world's most extensive, although not exclusively De Stijl-related, Mondrian collection) and Amsterdam's Stedelijk Museum, where many works by Rietveld and Van Doesburg are on display. The Museum of Utrecht has the largest Rietveld collection worldwide; it also owns the Rietveld Schröder House, Rietveld's adjacent "show house", and the Rietveld Schröder Archives.
The movement inspired the design aesthetics of Rumyantsevo and Salaryevo stations of Moscow Metro opened in 2016.
Neoplasticists
Ilya Bolotowsky (1907–1981), painter and sculptor
Burgoyne Diller (1906–1965), painter
Theo van Doesburg (1883–1931), painter, designer, and writer; co-founder of De Stijl movement; published De Stijl, 1917–1931
Cornelis van Eesteren (1897–1981), architect
Jean Gorin (1899–1981), painter, sculptor
Robert van 't Hoff (1887–1979), architect
Vilmos Huszár (1884–1960), painter
Frederick John Kiesler (1890–1965), architect, theater designer, artist, sculptor
Antony Kok (1882–1969), poet
Bart van der Leck (1876–1958), painter
Piet Mondrian (1872–1944), painter, co-founder of De Stijl
Marlow Moss (1889–1958), painter
J. J. P. Oud (1890–1963), architect
Gerrit Rietveld (1888–1964), architect and designer
Kurt Schwitters (1887–1948), painter, sculptor
Georges Vantongerloo (1886–1965), sculptor
Friedrich Vordemberge-Gildewart (1899–1962), painter
Jan Wils (1891–1972), architect
See also
Art Concret
Abstraction-Création
Concrete art
Form follows function
Fourth dimension in art
Mathematics and art
Modern architecture
References and sources
References
Sources
Further reading
External links
Many sourced quotes and facts of De Stijl artists in: De Stijl 1917–1931 – The Dutch Contribution to Modern Art, by H.L.C. Jaffé; J.M. Meulenhoff, Amsterdam 1956
De Stijl, The International Dada Archive, University of Iowa Libraries
Jakob van Domselaer's Proeven van Stijlkunst, rare recording.
Essay about Mondrian and mysticism Scans of the complete first volume of the journal.
De Stijl Manifesto, Theo van Doesburg, 1918
1910s in the arts
1920s in the arts
1910s in the Netherlands
1920s in the Netherlands
20th-century architectural styles
20th-century Dutch artists
20th-century Dutch painters
Avant-garde magazines
Art movements
Art movements in Dutch painting
Avant-garde art
Architecture magazines
Architecture groups
Dutch artist groups and collectives
Dutch architectural styles
Dutch-language magazines
Dutch painting
Magazines established in 1917
Magazines published in Amsterdam
Modern art
Piet Mondrian
Bumper music, or a bump, is a term used in the radio broadcasting industry to refer to short clips of signature songs or theme music used to buffer transitions between programming elements, typically lasting no longer than fifteen seconds. It is also a term for music played at music venues such as concerts before showtime, to fill the air, with a musical atmosphere. Bumper music is commonly employed when a syndicated program takes a break for local station identification or "goes to a radio advertisement". More often than not it is called a "bump" in today's radio; NPR also uses the term "button". It is also referred to as "rejoiner music" when the bumper music marks the end of a local break on a radio network.
See also
Continuity (broadcasting)
Bumper (broadcasting)
Sting (musical phrase)
Theme music
Voice-over
References
Broadcasting
The shortnose gar (Lepisosteus platostomus) is a primitive freshwater fish of the family Lepisosteidae. It is native to the United States where its range includes the Mississippi and Missouri River basins, ranging from Montana to the west and the Ohio River to the east, southwards to the Gulf Coast. It inhabits calm waters in large rivers and their backwaters, as well as oxbow lakes and large pools. It is a long, slender fish, brown or olive green above and whitish below. It typically grows to about and is armored by rows of interlocking, rhomboidal ganoid scales.
The shortnose gar is an ambush predator, feeding mostly on fish, but also consuming crustaceans, insects, and other invertebrates. Breeding takes place in spring when females, often accompanied by several males, attach their eggs to clumps of submerged vegetation. The eggs, which are toxic to man, hatch after a week or so. After consuming their yolk sac, the young fish feed on insect larvae and small crustaceans, maturing at an age of about three years.
Description
Shortnose gar have a prehistoric-looking appearance. Like many other "lie-in-wait" predators, they have an elongated, torpedo-like body with an elongated head containing one row of sharp, conical teeth. Similar to many Paleozoic and Mesozoic actinopterygians, their bodies are covered in rows of interlocking, rhomboidal ganoid scales that create an exceptionally protective, yet flexible armor around the fish. The dorsal fin is located posterior nearly directly above the anal fin and very near the large caudal fin. Shortnose gar vary in color, changing from brown/olive green on the dorsal surface to yellow on the sides and white on the underbelly. Shortnose gar can be discerned from other gar species in that they lack the upper jaw of the alligator gar, the long snout of the longnose gar, and the markings of the spotted gar. The shortnose gar reaches up to , but a more common length is .
Habitat
Shortnose gar generally inhabit calm waters in large rivers and their backwaters, as well as oxbow lakes and large, quiet pools, typically around vegetation or downed logs. Gar have the ability to survive in environments with very little oxygen and especially turbid conditions because of their specialized gas bladder. Gar gas bladders have the ability to function like a lung to extract and use oxygen from swallowed air in addition to regulating buoyancy.
Reproduction and lifecycle
Shortnose gar typically spawn in the spring during April, May, and June, when water temperatures are between . Often accompanied by more than one male, females scatter large, yellowish-green eggs in quiet, shallow water among submerged vegetation or other underwater structures. A sticky adhesive holds the eggs together in clumps where they hatch after eight to 9 days. The eggs are poisonous to birds and mammals, including humans. The young remain in the yolk sac for another week, then they feed on insect larvae and small crustaceans. Young gar typically lead solitary lives and sexual maturity is achieved around three years of age when the gar reaches about in length.
Diet and habits
Shortnose gar are efficient, fierce, ambush predators. They feed mainly on fish, but they are very opportunistic and also eat crayfish, insects, and other invertebrates. Despite feeding mainly on whatever fish are available, shortnose gar eat more invertebrates than any other gar and have even been found to exhibit territorial defense behaviors around favorable pools while foraging on high numbers of periodical cicadas.
Distribution
Shortnose gar today are only located in North America. Located mainly in the central United States, they occupy much of the Mississippi and Missouri River basins ranging from Montana (in the west) to the Ohio River (in the east) in the north and the Gulf Coast from Louisiana and Alabama to parts of Texas in the south.
Importance to humans
Shortnose gar help maintain ecosystem equilibrium by feeding on minnows that are destructive to game fish and other fish populations. They are popular aquarium fish, and are frequently found in public aquariums across the country.
Conservation status
With very few natural predators able to cope with a gar's thick ganoid scale armor, shortnose gar are generally plentiful. One exception is in Montana, where they are considered a fish of special concern due to restricted distribution and limited population sizes.
In Ohio, they are an endangered species because of limited range (primarily the Ohio River and lower Scioto and Great Miami Rivers).
Etymology of name
In Greek, Lepisosteus translates to "bony scale", and platostomus translates to "broad mouth".
References
Lepisosteidae
Freshwater fish of the United States
Fish described in 1820
Taxa named by Constantine Samuel Rafinesque
The 1934 Italian Grand Prix (formally the XII Gran Premio d'Italia) was a Grand Prix motor race, which was run on 9 September 1934 in Monza, Italy. The race lasted 502.28 km (4.330 x 116 laps). It was the 12th running of the Italian Grand Prix.
After the fatal accidents of the previous year, it was decided to hold the race in a different configuration, using the main straight (in both directions, linked by a very tight hairpin just before the finish line), the southern corner of the oval, the southern corner of the road circuit and two double chicanes; it was the slowest configuration ever used in Monza.
Starting Grid (3x2)
Classifications
Fastest Lap: Hans Stuck (Auto Union A), 2'13.6", on lap 5
References
Italian Grand Prix
Italian Grand Prix
Grand Prix
Wu Jin-lin (; born 6 October 1947) is a Taiwanese politician. They served as the President of the Examination Yuan from 2014 to 2020. They also briefly served as President of the Examination Yuan in 2008.
Education
Wu received their bachelor's and master's degrees in public administration from National Chengchi University.
References
Living people
1947 births
Pingtung County Members of the Legislative Yuan
Members of the 6th Legislative Yuan
Kuomintang Members of the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan
Taiwanese Presidents of the Examination Yuan
The 1990–91 SM-liiga season was the 16th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 12 teams participated in the league, and TPS Turku won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
JyP HT - Tappara Tampere 2:1 (7:2, 3:4, 3:2)
HPK - HIFK 2:1 (2:4, 4:3, 8:3)
Semifinals
TPS - HPK 3:1 (8:0, 3:4, 3:0, 3:1)
KalPa - JyP HT 3:0 (2:1, 4:3, 3:2)
3rd place
HPK - JyP HT 6:3
Final
TPS - KalPa 4:1 (5:1, 4:3, 4:3, 2:6, 7:2)
External links
SM-liiga official website
1990–91 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media. Walter Camp selected the first All-America team in the early days of American football in 1889.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards #U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
The Asiatic style or Asianism (, Cicero, Brutus 325) refers to an Ancient Greek rhetorical tendency (though not an organized school) that arose in the third century BC, which, although of minimal relevance at the time, briefly became an important point of reference in later debates about Roman oratory.
Origin
Hegesias of Magnesia was Asianism's first main representative and was considered its founder. Hegesias "developed and exaggerated stylistic effects harking back to the sophists and the Gorgianic style."
Characteristics
Unlike the more austere, formal and traditional Attic style, Asiatic oratory was more bombastic, emotional, and coloured with wordplay.
The Asiatic style was distinguished by the use of a prose rhythm, especially the end of clauses (clausulae). This worked in much the same way as in Latin poetry, although poetic metres themselves were avoided. An effective rhythm could bring an audience to applaud the rhythm alone, however Cicero criticised Asiatic orators for their overly repetitive endings.
Roman perspective before Cicero
The first known use of the term is in Rome, by Cicero in the mid-first century BC. It came into general and pejorative use for a florid style contrasting with the formal, traditional rhetoric of Atticism, which it was said to have corrupted. The term reflects an association with writers in the Greek cities of Asia Minor. "Asianism had a significant impact on Roman rhetoric, since many of the Greek teachers of rhetoric who came to Rome beginning with the 2d cent. B.C.E. were Asiatic Greeks." "Mildly Asianic tendencies" have been found in Gaius Gracchus' oratory, and "more marked" ones in Publius Sulpicius Rufus. However we have almost no remnants of oratory that can properly be called Asiatic.
Cicero (Orator ad Brutum 325) identifies two distinct modes of the Asiatic style: a more studied and symmetrical style (generally taken to mean "full of Gorgianic figures") employed by the historian Timaeus and the orators Menecles and Hierocles of Alabanda, and the rapid flow and ornate diction of Aeschines of Miletus and Aeschylus of Cnidus. Hegesias' "jerky, short clauses" may be placed in the first class, and Antiochus I of Commagene's Mount Nemrut inscription in the second. The conflation of the two styles under a single name has been taken to reflect the essentially polemical significance of the term: "The key similarity is that they are both extreme and therefore bad; otherwise they could not be more different." According to Cicero, Quintus Hortensius combined these traditions and made them at home in Latin oratory.
Cicero himself, rejecting the extreme plainness and purism of the Atticists, was attacked by critics such as Licinius Macer Calvus for being on the side of the Asiani; in response they declared their position as the "Roman Demosthenes" (noting that the preeminent Attic orator would not have qualified as Attic by the strict standards of the oratores Attici of first-century Rome). In this sense, although Cicero identified with an Attic orator, they never went so far as to completely criticise Asiatic oratory, and professed a mixed or middle style (genus medium; Quintilian 12.10.18: genus Rhodium...velut medium...atque ex utroque mixtum) between the low or plain Attic style and the high Asiatic style, called the Rhodian style by association with Molo of Rhodes and Apollonius the Effeminate (Rhodii, Cicero, Brutus xiii 51).
Roman perspective after Cicero
In the Neronian period, the surviving portion of Petronius' Satyricon begins midway through a rant in which the unreliable narrator, Encolpius, denounces the corruption of Roman literary taste and the Asiatic style in particular: "that flatulent, inflated magniloquence later imported from Asia to Athens has infected every aspiring writer like a pestilential breeze" (trans. Branham and Kinney). Quintilian accepted Cicero's attitude towards Asianism and Atticism, and adapted the earlier debate's polemical language, in which objectionable style is called effeminate, in their own De causis corruptae eloquentiae.
In their Institutio Oratoria (XII.10), Quintilian diagnoses the roots of the two styles in terms of ethnic dispositions: "The Attici, refined and discriminating, tolerated nothing empty or gushing; but the Asiatic race somehow more swollen and boastful was inflated with a more vainglory of speaking" (trans. Amy Richlin). Pliny the Younger continued to profess the mixed style. The debate remained topical for Tacitus (as seen in Pliny's correspondence with them on oratorical styles in Letter 1.20) and contributes to the atmosphere of their Dialogus de oratoribus.
Ultimately, there seems to have been a general preponderance or victory of the Asiatic over the Attic style in the imperial period.
Notes
Further reading
Wilamowitz-Möllendorff, U. v. 1900 ‘Asianismus und Atticismus' Hermes 1-52
Gualtiero Calboli, "Asiani (Oratori)," in Francesco Della Corte (ed.), Dizionario degli scrittori greci e latini, vol. 1, Milan: Marzorati, 1988, pp. 215–232
Jakob Wisse, "Greeks, Romans, and the Rise of Atticism," in J. G. J. Abbenes et al. (eds.), Greek Literary Theory after Aristotle: A Collection of Papers in Honour of D. M. Schenkeveld, Amsterdam: Vrije Universiteit Press, 1995, pp. 65–82
Ancient Greek literature
Classical Latin literature
Greco-Roman relations in classical antiquity
Literary movements
Rhetoric
Cicero
Paul Shaw (born 4 September 1973) is an English retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder. They have also worked as a coach at F.C. New York and with Orlando City U-23.
Playing career
Shaw started their career as a trainee at Arsenal, turning professional in 1991. Their debut came against Nottingham Forest on 3 December 1994. Unable to break into the Arsenal first team, Shaw spent periods on loan with Burnley, Cardiff City and Peterborough United during their time at Arsenal, before they were sold to Millwall in September 1997. They made 13 appearances in six years for the Gunners, all but one of them as substitute, scoring two goals with both coming against Southampton in the 1996–97 season, one at home and one away.
Shaw spent three years with Millwall before moving to Gillingham in 2000. They left Gillingham for Sheffield United in 2004 but unable to break into the first team had a loan spells at Rotherham United. They subsequently signed for the team but after just 17 appearances moved on a free transfer to Chesterfield in 2006. They found their opportunities at Saltergate limited, and left the club by mutual consent in August 2007 and joined Oxford United shortly afterwards. In October 2007 they left Oxford to join Hungarian team Ferencvárosi TC.
Shaw returned to English football by joining Retford United of the NPL Premier Division. They left the club in February 2011 and signed as captain of the new American side F.C. New York in the USL Pro league on 1 March 2011.
On 23 May 2011, it was announced that Coach Matt Weston had resigned from their position at F.C. New York, and Paul Shaw had been made interim head coach.
Coaching career
On 21 May 2012, Shaw was named the boys' senior academy coaching director for the youth academy of Orlando City Soccer Club.
References
External links
Ferencváros profile
Hungarian football stats
1973 births
Living people
People from Burnham, Buckinghamshire
Footballers from Buckinghamshire
English footballers
Association football forwards
Arsenal F.C. players
Burnley F.C. players
Cardiff City F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
Millwall F.C. players
Gillingham F.C. players
Sheffield United F.C. players
Rotherham United F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Oxford United F.C. players
Ferencvárosi TC footballers
F.C. New York players
Retford United F.C. players
Premier League players
English Football League players
Nemzeti Bajnokság I players
USL Championship players
English expatriate footballers
English expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate footballers in Hungary
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Orlando City SC non-playing staff
The Mayor of the City of Hoboken is the head of the executive branch of government of Hoboken, New Jersey, United States. The mayor has the duty to enforce the municipal charter and ordinances; prepare the annual budget; appoint deputy mayors, department heads, and aides; and approve or veto ordinances passed by the City Council. The mayor is popularly elected in a nonpartisan general election. The office is held for a four-year term without term limits.
Thirty-eight individuals have held the office of mayor since the City of Hoboken was chartered on March 29, 1855. Cornelius V. Clickener was the inaugural mayor of the city, and served two consecutive terms. The current mayor is Ravinder Bhalla; they were first elected in November 2017. On July 20, 2010, the Hoboken Council voted to move the nonpartisan municipal elections to be held on the same day as the statewide general election in November.
Duties and powers
The City of Hoboken is organized as a mayor-council form of government under the Optional Municipal Charter Law. This provides for a citywide elected mayor serving in an executive role, as well as a city council serving in a legislative role. All of these offices are selected in a nonpartisan municipal election and all terms are four years. Under state law, the mayor has the duty to enforce the charter and ordinances of the city, and all applicable state laws; report annually to the council and the public on the state of the city; supervise and control all departments of the government; prepare and submit to the council annual operating and capital budgets; supervise all city property, institutions and agencies; sign all contracts and bonds requiring the approval of the city; negotiate all contracts; and serve as a member, either voting or ex officio, of all appointive bodies.
The mayor has the power to appoint departments heads with the approval of the City Council; to remove department heads subject to a two-thirds disapproval by the City Council; approve or veto ordinances subject to an override vote of two-thirds of the council; and appoint deputy mayors. The mayor is permitted to attend and participate in meetings of the City Council, without a vote, except in the case of a tie on the question to fill a council vacancy.
Succession
In the event of an absence, disability, or other cause preventing the mayor from performing their duties, the mayor may designate the business administrator or any other department head as acting mayor for up to 60 days. In the event of a vacancy in the office, the President of the City Council becomes acting mayor, and the council has 30 days to name an interim mayor. If no interim mayor is named, the Council President continues as acting mayor until a successor is elected, or until the council reorganizes and selects a new President. Prior to 1971, there was no automatic succession law.
Mayors
Notes
References
General
Specific
External links
Hoboken Mayor Cammarano arrested by FBI: report
N.J. officials, N.Y. rabbis caught in federal money laundering, corruption sweep
Mayors of Hoboken, New Jersey at Political Graveyard
Hoboken, New Jersey
Jacob Erdman (February 22, 1801 – July 20, 1867) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Biography
Jacob Erdman (grandfather of Constantine Jacob Erdman) was born in Coopersburg, Pennsylvania. They were a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from 1834 to 1836.
Erdman was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-ninth Congress. They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1846. They were elected associate judge of Lehigh County Court on November 9, 1866 and served until their death in Coopersburg, Pennsylvania,  They are interred in Blue Church Cemetery near Coopersburg.
Sources
1801 births
1867 deaths
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Pennsylvania state court judges
People from Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American judges
The Over-the-Hill Gang was the George Allen-coached Washington Redskins team of the early 1970s, so named due to the large number of veteran players on the team. Many of those players also played for Allen when they coached the Los Angeles Rams from 1966 to 1970.
The start of the Over-the-Hill Gang was the 1971 NFL Draft. Of the Redskins first five picks that year, they only used one, deciding to trade the rest. Allen had decided to build their team with experienced players who "did not have to mold to the NFL game". One of these trades was for Billy Kilmer, a quarterback who had been playing for the New Orleans Saints. As a starter for the Redskins, Kilmer threw for 3,869 yards and 32 touchdown passes. More importantly, they led the Redskins to back-to-back playoff appearances and became the first Redskins quarterback to start a Super Bowl.
This, however, was not the most important event in the '71 Draft that led to the creation of the gang. Allen later dealt seven draft choices (including the first- and third-round picks in 1971) as well as linebacker Marlin McKeever to their former team, the Rams. In exchange, the Redskins received linebackers Jack Pardee, Myron Pottios and Maxie Baughan, defensive tackle Diron Talbert, guard John Wilbur and special teams player Jeff Jordan. These players soon became a large part of the Over-the-Hill Gang defense. The Redskins also picked up Boyd Dowler, an eleven-year veteran with the Green Bay Packers, who won five championships as a Packer. They would later pick up strong safety Richie Petitbon (again from the Rams) and defensive tackle Ron McDole from the Buffalo Bills.
The average age of starters was 31 years old. Allen's strategy turned the Redskins around as the team improved to a 9-4-1 record in 1971, and finished the 1972 season with an NFC-best 11-3 record. The retooled Redskins' nine victories in 1971 was the most by a Washington team in 29 years. In their seven seasons with the club, Allen and their veterans produced seven winning records, five playoff appearances, and one trip to the Super Bowl.
See also
List of NFL nicknames
References
Over-the-Hill Gang
Washington Commanders
Boatman is a locality in the Shire of Murweh, Queensland, Australia. In the , Boatman had a population of 6 people.
History
The locality was named and bounded on 28 March 2002.
Road infrastructure
The Warrego Highway passes to the north, the Mitchell Highway to the west, and the Balonne Highway to the south.
References
Shire of Murweh
Localities in Queensland
Invitation is an album by pianist Kenny Barron which was recorded in late 1990 and first released on the Dutch Criss Cross Jazz label.
Reception
In their review on Allmusic, Stephen Cook stated "Invitation finds Barron in full maturity as a writer and in the sympathetic company of tenor saxophonist Ralph Moore, bassist David Williams, and drummer Lewis Nash ... Throughout, Ralph Moore's choice tenor lines glide over the notes, Lewis Nash's tasteful drumming impressively anchors the group, and Barron's inventive solos ride atop the band in full stride. With great material, solid playing, and the full Criss Cross sound, Invitation ends up as one of Kenny Barron's finest outings of the 1990s".
Track listing
All compositions by Kenny Barron except where noted.
"Namely You" (Gene de Paul, Johnny Mercer) - 9:14
"And Then Again" - 5:22
"Dew Drop" - 4:39
"Invitation" (Bronisław Kaper, Paul Francis Webster) - 7:41
"Joanne Julia" - 7:09
"Afternoon in Paris" (John Lewis) - 7:18
"You Don't Know What Love Is" (Gene de Paul, Don Raye) - 8:41
"Blue Monk" (Thelonious Monk) - 7:28
Personnel
Kenny Barron – piano
Ralph Moore - tenor saxophone
David Williams – bass
Lewis Nash – drums
References
Kenny Barron albums
1991 albums
Criss Cross Jazz albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Thayi Devaru is a 1971 Indian Kannada-language drama film written by Shivam and directed by Siddalingaiah. It stars Rajkumar, M. V. Rajamma and Bharathi. The film was released under Jain Movies banner and produced by Chandulal Jain. H. R. Bhargava worked as associate director, M. S. Rajashekar as assistant director and G. K. Venkatesh was the soundtrack and score composer. The dialogues and lyrics were written by Chi. Udaya Shankar.
Cast
Soundtrack
The music of the film was composed by G. K. Venkatesh and lyrics for the soundtrack written by Chi. Udaya Shankar. Venkatesh later reused the song "Haayagide" in Telugu as "Mogindi Veena" for Zamindargari Abbayi and in Tamil as "Then Sinduthe" for Ponnukku Thanga Manasu.
Track list
See also
Kannada films of 1971
References
External links
1971 films
1970s Kannada-language films
Indian black-and-white films
Indian drama films
Films scored by G. K. Venkatesh
Films directed by Siddalingaiah
1971 drama films
Sampson Community College is a public community college in Clinton, North Carolina.
History
In September 1965, Sampson Community College was established as an extension unit of Goldsboro Industrial Education Center (Wayne Community College).
In 1967, SCC became an independent unit and was called "Sampson Technical Institute", and was later renamed to Sampson Community College in October.
External links
Official website
Universities and colleges accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools
North Carolina Community College System colleges
Education in Sampson County, North Carolina
Buildings and structures in Sampson County, North Carolina
Two-year colleges in the United States
Waldo Junction (formerly Waldo and Cabbage Patch) is an unincorporated community in Yuba County, California. It is located on Dry Creek northeast of Wheatland, at an elevation of 256 feet (78 m).
A post office operated here from 1898 to 1915. Originally called Cabbage Patch in 1852, the name changed to Waldo upon the opening of the post office. The name honors William Waldo, an early settler.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Populated places established in 1852
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County, California
1852 establishments in California
Philippe Gaultier de Comporté (1641-1687) performed the roles of French soldier in France and in the French colony in America in the Carignan-Salières Regiment, of attendant (appointed in 1970 by the intendant of Boutroue) to the receipts of the right raised on the goods arriving at the country, of personal prosecutor of the intendant Jean Talon, of lord (lordship Comporté and La Malbaie), commissioner of the king's stores (1672-1678), commissioner of the navy (in 1685 provisionally) and provost of the Maréchaussée (1677).
Born into a noble family, Philippe Gaultier (son of Philippe Gaultier, sieur of Rinault, and Gillette de Vernon) was born in 1641 in Comporté, near Poitiers, in France. They died in Quebec in 1687 and was buried on November 22.
Their life in France
On May 10, 1665, a court of justice of Poitou condemned Philippe Gaultier capital punishment by contumance; this judicial case concerns the death of two people who died as a result of a brawl in which they had taken part. The fight was aimed at avenging an insult to their regiment. Nevertheless, this conviction was discovered only in 1680 by the authorities of the French colony in America. Gaultier was then delegated in France to request the protection of the court; Following the intercession of the civil and religious authorities, they obtained from the king in June 1680 letters of remission on account of their honorable life. Then, Gaultier returned to Canada.
Their life in Canada
After sailing across the Atlantic, Philippe Gaultier arrived in Quebec City on June 18, 1665. They served in the army. After their military service, they held several significant positions in the administration of the French colony in Quebec City.
Philippe Gaultier obtained the concession of the lordship Comporté and that of La Malbaie in 1672; the latter was bought by the king in 1724, and then granted by Governor Murray on April 27, 1762, to Malcolm Fraser and John Nairn. Nevertheless, they did not clear these concessions. A commemorative plaque from the La Malbaie Foundation in La Malbaie mentions Philippe Gaultier.
In 1683, Philippe Gaultier became one of the founding members of the Compagnie du Nord.
Family
Philippe Gaultier married on November 22, 1672 in the parish of Notre-Dame de Quebec to Marie Bazire. Eleven children were identified of this couple: their daughter Angelique, married Denis Riverin, who was a member of the Sovereign Council and Lieutenant General of the Provost of Quebec; their daughter Marie-Anne married Alexandre Peuvret de Gaudarville, clerk of the Conseil Souverain, as a first marriage.
Notes and references
1641 births
1687 deaths
Angelo Dalle Molle (4 November 1908 – 2001) was an Italian business person and Utopian philanthropist. In 1952 they invented and patented Cynar, a bitter aperitivo based on artichoke leaves, which became famous partly due to advertisements with Ernesto Calindri and the slogan "", "against the stress of modern life".
Business life
Dalle Molle was born in Mestre, on the lagoon of Venice, on 4 November 1908. In 1952 they invented and patented Cynar, a bitter aperitivo/digestivo based on artichoke leaves, which quickly became popular through the slogan "", "against the stress of modern life", and the appearances on Carosello of Ernesto Calindri drinking it in the middle of the Milan traffic. Their company later acquired the Crodo mineral water company which made the non-alcoholic bitter aperitivo Crodino. In 1976 they sold their company to the Dutch group Bols (though they retained the rights to the slogan); they then used the proceeds of the sale to buy a controlling share-holding. They also bought the Villa Barbariga at Stra, on the Brenta canal, and became a patron of the arts and of social and scientific research.
Patronage and projects
Dalle Molle believed that information technology could or should improve the quality of life, and established the , or Dalle Molle Foundation for the Quality of Life, in 1971 to promote research into ways in which it might do so, including artificial intelligence. Through it they set up four research institutes in Switzerland.
Research institutes
The Dalle Molle Institute for Semantic and Cognitive Studies (, ISSCO) was established in Lugano in 1972 to conduct research into the application of artificial intelligence to linguistics and automated translation. It became part of the faculty of translation and interpreting of the University of Geneva in 1976.
In 1988 they started the Dalle Molle Institute for Artificial Intelligence Research (, IDSIA), also in Lugano, to undertake research into machine learning and adaptation. It became a public research institute in 2000, and is affiliated with the Scuola universitaria professionale della Svizzera italiana (SUPSI) and the Università della Svizzera italiana in Lugano.
The Istituto Dalle Molle di Intelligenza Artificiale Percettiva (IDIAP) was set up in Martigny in the Canton du Valais in 1991, the twentieth anniversary of the Fondation Dalle Molle, in collaboration with the École polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL) and local, cantonal and federal government bodies. Its purpose was to research applications of artificial intelligence to human perception. It became independent of the Fondation in 1996, and is now called the Idiap Research Institute.
Dalle Molle also founded the Centro Studi della Barbariga, which among other projects designed a series of electric vehicles, including cars, a taxi, a van and an ambulance. About 200 of them were built, in a small manufactory in the gardens of the villa. Seven cars are now in the collection of the Museo dell'automobile Bonfanti-Vimar at Romano d'Ezzelino, in the province of Vicenza, in the Veneto.
Personal life
Dalle Molle had relationships and children with several women. They were married only twice. Their first wife was either Pierina Altieri or Edes Zago, and ended with a Papal annulment; they adopted their son. They had five other children with two other women. At the age of 90 they married Eleonora Bötner, who was 40 years younger, and to whom on their death in 2001 they left about €32 million.
References
Businesspeople from Venice
1908 births
2001 deaths
Italian philanthropists
20th-century philanthropists
20th-century Italian businesspeople
Senator Groff may refer to:
Peter Groff (born 1963), Colorado State Senate
Regis Groff (1935–2014), Colorado State Senate
Psychedelic funk (also called P-funk or funkadelia, and sometimes conflated with psychedelic soul) is a music genre that combines funk music with elements of psychedelic rock. It was pioneered in the late 1960s and early 1970s by acts like Sly and the Family Stone, Jimi Hendrix, and the Parliament-Funkadelic collective. It would influence subsequent styles including '70s jazz fusion and the '90s West Coast hip hop style G-funk.
History
Origins: Late 1960s
Inspired by Jimi Hendrix and the culture of psychedelia, black funk group Sly and the Family Stone borrowed techniques from psychedelic rock music, including wah pedals, fuzz boxes, echo chambers, and vocal distorters, on albums such as Dance to the Music (1968) and Stand (1969). The sound would also be reflected in the late 1960s output of iconic Detroit label Motown. Producer Norman Whitfield drew on this sound for popular Motown recordings such as The Temptations' "Cloud Nine" and Marvin Gaye's "I Heard It Through the Grapevine," both released in October 1968.
Development: 1970s and later
In 1970, Hendrix released the trio album Band of Gypsys, described as "ground zero" for psychedelic funk. The Parliament-Funkadelic collective developed the sensibility, employing acid rock-oriented guitar and synthesizers into open-ended funk jams. Funkadelic's 1971 album Maggot Brain was labeled a monument in the genre by Pitchfork. Led by George Clinton, P-Funk would shift the genre away from song-form and toward groove and texture, emphasizing the abject elements of psychedelia as well as themes related to outer space. The Isley Brothers and Bobby Womack would be influenced by Funkadelic and draw on this sound. Womack also contributed to Sly and the Family Stone's landmark 1971 album There's a Riot Goin' On, described as a "masterpiece of darkly psychedelic funk" by AllMusic.
During the early 1970s, the main elements of psychedelic funk were adopted as signifiers of "urban blackness" and incorporated into blaxploitation films. The 1971 James Brown instrumental album Sho Is Funky Down Here, directed by bandleader David Matthews, explored "fuzzy" psychedelic funk. Jazz musician Miles Davis, newly influenced by Sly Stone and Brown, explored the genre on their 1972 album On the Corner. The group War recorded in a psychedelic funk-rock style alongside lyrics protesting racism and police brutality. The 1974 album Inspiration Information by Shuggie Otis explored psychedelic funk and despite receiving little attention upon release, it later achieved acclaim when it was reissued by the Luaka Bop label.
In the late 1970s, new wave band Talking Heads explored psychedelic funk, influenced by George Clinton and P-Funk, on a trilogy of acclaimed albums. Prince drew on the style, recording in a "richly melodic vein of psychedelic funk" on their 1985 album Around the World in a Day. Author Michaelangelo Matos described Prince's 1987 track “The Ballad of Dorothy Parker” as psychedelic funk, “not in the sense of Funkadelic or Hendrix's Band of Gypsys, but in the sense that its rhythms and textures achieve a molten-lava sense without surrendering the groove.
International artists
The West German band Can play psychedelic funk as part of that country's 1970s krautrock scene. West African groups such as Blo and Orchestre Poly-Rythmo de Cotonou played forms of psychedelic funk in the mid 1970s, both drawing on the Afrobeat of Nigerian musician Fela Kuti. Turkey's Anatolian rock scene featured psychedelic funk by artists such as Barış Manço.
Examples of psychedelic funk from world music scenes have been collected on compilations issued on the World Psychedelic Funk Classics label, including the 2009 compilation Psych-Funk 101: 1968-1975. A collection of 1970s psychedelic funk recordings from Ghana and Togo was released in 2010 as Afro-Beat Airways: West African Shock Waves by the Analog Africa label. Music from Nigeria's 1970s psychedelic funk scene was later documented on the compilation Wake Up You! The Rise & Fall of Nigerian Rock 1972-1977, released in 2016.
Influence and recent developments
In the early 1970s, jazz artists such as Miles Davis and Herbie Hancock, influenced by Sly Stone, combined elements of psychedelic funk with urban jazz to pioneer jazz fusion. In the 1990s, the popular psychedelic funk style known as G-funk emerged from the West Coast hip hop scene, represented by Warren G, Dr. Dre, and Snoop Dogg. Many G-funk recordings sampled tracks by earlier psychedelic funk bands, most prominently Parliament-Funkadelic.
The 1990s hip hop duo OutKast were also influenced by black psychedelic musicians such as Sly Stone and Clinton. Their 2000 album Stankonia was described as "a trippy sort of techno-psychedelic funk" composed of "programmed percussion, otherworldly synthesizers, and surreal sound effects." The experimental indie pop band of Montreal developed a psychedelic funk sound, particularly on their 2008 album Skeletal Lamping. The 2016 album Awaken, My Love! by Childish Gambino borrowed the psychedelic funk sound of Clinton and Bootsy Collins, with Vice negatively describing it as "pure Funkadelic cosplay."
See also
Funk
Psychedelic music
Psychedelic culture
References
Funk genres
P-Funk
Funk
20th-century music genres
American styles of music
1960s in music
1970s in music
A Royal Divorce may refer to:
A Royal Divorce (1926 film)
A Royal Divorce (1938 film)
A Royal Divorce (play), a play by W. G. Wills
The 2019–20 West Indies Championship was the 54th edition of the Regional Four Day Competition, the domestic first-class cricket competition for the countries of the Cricket West Indies (CWI). The previous edition of the tournament was known as the Regional Four Day Competition before being rebranded by CWI. The competition started on 9 January 2020 and was scheduled to conclude on 5 April 2020. Six teams contested the tournament – Barbados, Guyana, Jamaica, the Leeward Islands, Trinidad and Tobago, and the Windward Islands. Guyana were the defending champions.
On 13 March 2020, Cricket West Indies suspended the tournament, for a minimum of 30 days, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On 24 March 2020, Cricket West Indies cancelled the final two rounds of fixtures, and named Barbados as the tournament winners, after they finished top of the group.
Points table
Champions
Fixtures
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Round 6
Round 7
Round 8
Round 9
Round 10
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2020 in West Indian cricket
Regional Four Day Competition seasons
West Indies Championship
West Indies Championship
West Indies Championship
Kayaaltı is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Deh Now (; also known as Deh Now-e Ḩājj Abdol Beyḵ) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 157, in 37 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Plaue is a town in the Ilm-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is situated on the river Gera, 11 km north of Ilmenau, and 8 km southwest of Arnstadt. The former municipality Neusiß was merged into Plaue in January 2019. Plaue station lies on the Neudietendorf–Ritschenhausen railway.
References
Towns in Thuringia
Ilm-Kreis
Schwarzburg-Sondershausen
Russell D. Fernald is an American neuroscientist/neuroethologist, currently on the Biology faculty at Stanford University. Fernald is known for their interdisciplinary work based on fieldwork and subsequent neuroethological analysis of an African cichlid fish that they have shown to be a useful and novel model organism. Their research spans several domains: 1) in the visual system including the discovery of rod photoreceptor stem cells, circadian renewal of photoreceptor opsins and mechanisms of crystalline lens focus (Rank Prize); 2) In social control of reproductive behavior: social regulation of reproduction via gonadotropin releasing hormones through specific brain circuitry; 3) Cognitive skills that have evolved to regulate social status.
Early life
Russ Fernald was born in Chuquicamata, Chile to American parents, Catherine and Russell G. Fernald where their father was a mining engineer, working at the Anaconda Company open pit mine.
Fernald returned to the U.S. when they were ~3 and grew up in a western suburb of Chicago where they attended public schools. They were attracted to biology by foraging in local swamps and was one of a handful of their high school classmates who went to college.
Career
Fernald attended Swarthmore College where they received their B.S. in Electrical Engineering in 1963. They then completed their Ph.D. in Biophysics from the University of Pennsylvania in 1968 where they worked with Professor George Gerstein. They were supported by the Ford Foundation and studied the neurobiology of the cat cochlear nucleus using single cell recording and modeling the data. In 1969, they moved to Munich, Germany where they worked as a postdoctoral fellow at the Max-Planck für Psychiatrie in Munich with Dr. O. Creutzfeldt, until 1971. In this position, together with Ronald Chase, they developed a novel technique for aligning and focusing the eyes of experimental animals. In 1971 Fernald moved to the Max-Planck Institute for Behavioral Physiology where they worked with Nobel Laureate, Dr. Konrad Lorenz in Seewiesen, Germany. Their research was on quantitative behavioral analyses of bird and fish behavior and they began African field work on cichlid fish during that time. They then returned to the US where they joined the faculty of the University of Oregon (1976–1990), rising through the ranks to full professor and becoming the director of the Neuroscience Institute. During this time, they were an NIH Fogarty Senior International Fellow at the Medical Research Council in London (1985–86). In 1990, Fernald moved to Stanford where they have since held numerous titles and received several awards, including a Hilgard Visiting Professor, 1987–88; Professor of Psychology, 1990–2004, Professor of Biology, Stanford University 2004-; Benjamin Scott Crocker Professor, Stanford University, 2004-; Javits Investigator Award, NINDS 1999–2006; Bing Prize for Innovation in Undergraduate teaching, 1996–1999; Cox Medal for Fostering Undergraduate Research, 1998; Dinkelspiel Prize for Outstanding Contributions to Undergraduate Education, 2000; Bass University Fellow in Undergraduate Education, 2003–2013.
They were awarded the Rank Prize in Vision/Opto-electronics, 2004; Elected, American Academy of Arts and Sciences, 2011 and presented numerous named lectures including the Futterman Memorial Lecture, University of Washington, 2009; Forbes Lectures, Marine Biological Laboratory, Woods Hole, 2011; Marsden Lecture, McGill University, Montreal, 2013; Matarazzo Lecture, Oregon Health Sciences Institute, Portland, 2013.
They have served as Executive Editor, Experimental Eye Research, 1991–2000; Editorial Board, Brain, Behavior and Evolution, 1998–2007; Advisory Board, Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, 2008–2015; Advisory Board, Max Planck Institute for Brain Research, Frankfurt, 2011–present; Reviewing Editor, e-Life, 2012–present.
Research
In early work, Fernald asked how fish maintain excellent visual acuity despite rapid eye growth. They showed eyes grow through expansion and cell addition at the eye's margins but that rod photoreceptors arise from precursor stem cells. Fernald next asked how fish lens quality was preserved during growth, identifying specific mechanisms, sharing the Rank Prize for the discovery. Fernald also showed that retinal opsin production was regulated via a circadian rhythm, since shown to be the case in all vertebrates. Fernald also did research on eye evolution, showing that photoreceptor proteins have an ancient origin predating vision while lens proteins have arisen many times from different sources in different animal lineages.
In their research on the control of reproduction, Fernald's research showed neurons containing gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) changed size in response to an animal's social status and their group were the first to find the gene encoding (GnRH) in cold-blooded vertebrates. They also found a previously unknown second GnRH gene in humans and other primates. To be effective, GnRH must be delivered in a pulsatile fashion, yet no known mechanism synchronized the firing of these neurons, but Fernald recently showed this results from their connection via gap junctions.
In their research, Fernald collected definitive evidence that social behavior can change the brain, including regulation of numerous receptors, identifying a social calculus used during behavioral interactions. They identified an attention hierarchy in fish that maintains social systems and more recently that fish can construct a logical linear hierarchy from paired observations to perform transitive inference just as do primates, thereby identifying cognitive skills required for social systems across vertebrates. Using the CRISPR technique, their group has shown that a single gene controls reproduction in the cichlid fish. They have published several review articles describing the search for the social brain. among their 220 papers and book chapters.
References
American neuroscientists
Stanford University faculty
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Swarthmore College alumni
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The streak-breasted scimitar babbler (Pomatorhinus ruficollis) is a species of bird in the family Timaliidae.
It is found in Bangladesh, Bhutan, China, India, Laos, Myanmar, Nepal, and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. The former Taiwan subspecies musicus is usually now considered a distinct species as the Taiwan scimitar babbler.
References
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
streak-breasted scimitar babbler
Birds of North India
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Eastern Himalaya
Birds of South China
Birds of Vietnam
streak-breasted scimitar babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
O. gazella may refer to:
Onthophagus gazella, the gazella scarab, a beetle species
Oryx gazella, the gemsbok or gemsbuck, a large African antelope species
See also
Gazella
Johnny Joyce (August 22, 1876 – May 17, 1957) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics. They competed in the 800 metres. They finished outside of the top six in what was a straight final.
See also
United States at the 1904 Summer Olympics
References
External links
1876 births
1957 deaths
American male middle-distance runners
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1904 Summer Olympics
The 2017 Australian Production Car Series was an Australian motor racing competition for Group 3E Series Production Cars.
It was sanctioned by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport (CAMS) as an Authorised Series with Ontic Sports Pty Ltd appointed as the Category Manager.
It was the second Australian Production Car Series following the discontinuation of the Australian Production Car Championship at the end of 2015.
The series was won by Grant Sherrin & Iain Sherrin driving a BMW M4.
Schedule
The series was contested over five rounds:
Series standings
Classes
Class victories were awarded as follows:
Class A1: Grant Sherrin & Iain Sherrin
Class A2: Chris Lillis
Class B1: Scott Gore
Class B2: Troy Williams
Class C: Tyler Everingham
Class D: Ellexandra Best
Class E: Jason Walsh
Class I: Gerry Burges
Australian Production Car Cup
Outright victory in the Australian Production Car Cup was awarded to Grant Sherrin & Iain Sherrin.
References
Australian Production Car Championship
Production Car Series
Robert Crooks Stanley (August 1, 1876 – February 12, 1951) was an American industrialist and mining engineer. They were chairperson and president of International Nickel Company and discovered the alloy Monel.
Biography
Stanley was born on August 1, 1876 in Little Falls, New Jersey. They attended Montclair High School as a star football player and graduated from the Stevens Institute of Technology in 1899 and received their engineer of mines degree from Columbia School of Mines in 1901.
Stanley joined International Nickel (Inco) in 1901, serving as general superintendent from 1914 to 1918, and as vice president from 1918 to 1922. They then served as president from 1922 to 1950 and was chairperson from 1937 until their death. Under Stanley, nickel reached worldwide importance, and the company saw rapid growth after World War I, producing 75% of the world's nickel. They also discovered Monel in 1905 and conceived the process of producing the alloy from ore.
Stanley was also a director of United States Steel, Mond Nickel Company, Canadian Pacific Railway, and Chase National Bank.
Stanley was made a Commander of the Order of Leopold in 1937 and was conferred King's Medal for Service in the Cause of Freedom in 1947. They also received a Charles F. Rand Memorial Gold Medal from the American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical, and Petroleum Engineers in 1941. They were inducted into the Canadian Mining Hall of Fame in 1990 for building Inco into the largest nickel company in the world and pioneering a number of improved refining and production processes of nickel. They were also named by Harvard Business School as one of the "Great American Business Leaders of the 20th Century."
Stanley received honorary degrees from Stevens Institute of Technology, Columbia University, Queen's University at Kingston, and Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
Stanley died of a stroke at their home in Dongan Hills, Staten Island, on February 12, 1951 at the age of 74.
References
1876 births
1951 deaths
American metallurgists
American mining engineers
Stevens Institute of Technology alumni
Columbia School of Mines alumni
People from Little Falls, New Jersey
Order of Leopold (Belgium)
Recipients of the King's Medal for Service in the Cause of Freedom
U.S. Steel people
JPMorgan Chase people
Canadian Pacific Railway people
The 1915 Virginia Orange and Blue football team represented the University of Virginia as a member of the South Atlantic Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SAIAA) during the 1915 college football season. Led by Harry Varner in their first and only season as head coach, the Orange and Blue compiled an overall record of 8–1 with a mark of 2–0 in conference play, sharing the SAIAA title with Georgetown and Washington and Lee. The only blemish on Virginia's record was a loss to Harvard, whose only loss was to national champion Cornell. The team outscored its opponents 219 to 26 on the season. Virginia halfback Eugene Mayer was the south's first consensus All-American.
Schedule
References
Virginia
Virginia Cavaliers football seasons
South Atlantic Intercollegiate Athletic Association football champion seasons
Virginia Orange and Blue football
Avitelmessus grapsoideus is an extinct species of crab that lived during the Late Cretaceous. It is the only species in the genus Avitelmessus and is known from finds in the southeastern United States.
Taxonomic history
Avitelmessus was described in 1923 by Mary J. Rathbun, who assigned it to the family Atelecyclidae. Martin Glaessner reassigned it to the family Dakoticancridae in 1960.
Description
The shell of Avitelmessus was about in length and was nearly ovular in shape, with a "rounded outline". The upper surface was marked by "broad, shallow grooves" which formed two attached diamond-like shapes, with the larger one closer to the front. "Subsidiary" grooves came in contact with both sides of the larger diamond. The "fairly blunt" anterior edge of the carapace possessed a small, central rostrum, with orbits on either side. The front legs were modified to become chelipeds, with pincers formed by an upper finger, which was movable, and a lower finger, which was stationary (an extension of the previous leg segment). All limbs were covered by "fine granules". At least one specimen with "color markings" (considered rare among fossil crabs) has been discovered. The colors are described as "a medium background, dark spots and blotches, and light lines".
Fossil sites
Avitelmessus was originally described by Rathbun based on the holotype from the Peedee Formation of North Carolina, as well as specimens from the Ripley Formation of Mississippi. Later, they would also describe specimens from western Tennessee. Avitelmessus is also present on the Atlantic coastal plain and in the Mississippi Embayment. The "near restriction" of Avitelmessus to the Mississippi embayment (and that of other Dakoticancridae members to other specific areas) suggest "provincialism" among the family.
References
Dromiacea
Cretaceous arthropods of North America
Late Cretaceous crustaceans
Late Cretaceous animals of North America
Fossil taxa described in 1923
Ahmed Kelly (born 18 November 1991) is an Iraqi-born Australian Paralympic swimmer. At the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics, their third games, they won the silver medal in the Men's 150 m individual medley SM3 .
Personal
Nicknamed "Liquid Nails", Kelly was born on 18 November 1991 in Baghdad, Iraq with a double arm and leg deficiency. Until the age of seven, they lived in at Baghdad's Mother Teresa Orphanage with their brother, Emmanuel who has a similar disability. Moira Kelly, on their own, met the brothers in 1998 and with their parents' help, brought them to Victoria, Australia in 2000 to get medical care for their disability. Kelly's treatment involved having parts of their legs removed that were deficient, and then being fitted with prosthesis. Moira adopted the brothers in 2000. In 2009, they became an Australian citizen. Ahmed attended secondary school at Assumption College Kilmore, in Kilmore, Victoria from year levels 7 to 10 and Carey Grammar for levels 11 & 12. Their primary school was St.Patrick's Primary School Kilmore, in Kilmore, Victoria also. They were featured on the ABC's "Race to London".
In 2013 they commenced university studying a Bachelor of Arts at La Trobe University in Melbourne and dreams of working in the media as a sports commentator in the future.
Their brother has appeared on Australia's X-Factor. They have Bangladeshi-born twin sisters who were conjoined at birth. They attend their swimming meets to cheer for Kelly.
Kelly played Australian rules football for a team in Kilmore, Victoria. When playing, they did not wear prosthetic arms. They played Australian Rules for their school's Year 7/8 team.
Swimming
Kelly is an S4, SB3 (breaststroke), SM4 (individual medley) classified swimmer and swims for Melbourne Vicentre Swimming Club. They were coached by Brad Harris but in 2021 trains at the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra under coach Yuriy Vdovychenko .
, they have a scholarship with the Victorian Institute of Sport.
They started swimming in 2008, after making a switch from Australian rules football.
Kelly first represented Australia in 2009 at the Darwin, Northern Territory hosted Oceania Paralympic Championships.
In 2009, they competed in the Arafura Games. They competed in the 2010 Australian National Championships, finishing first in the 100 metre breaststroke event in world record time.
They repeated this feat in 2011 where they again set a world record. They represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in four events. Their best result was fourth in the Men's 50m Breaststroke SB3.
At the 2015 IPC Swimming World Championships in Glasgow, they competed in five events – Men's 50m Freestyle S4, Men's 150m Individual Medley SM4, Men's 50m Backstroke, Men's 50m Breaststroke SB3 and Men's 4 x 50m Freestyle Relay 20 Points. Their best result was sixth in the Men's 50m Breaststroke SB3.
Kelly competed in four events at the 2016 Rio Paralympic Games. They placed seventh in Men's 50m Breaststroke SB3 and sixth in Mixed 4 x 50m Freestyle Relay (20 points). They also competed in Men's 50m Backstroke S3 and Men's 150m Individual Medley SM4 but didn't progress to the finals.
At the 2019 World Para Swimming Championships, London, Kelly won the silver medal in the Men's 150m Individual Medley SM3.
Kelly won their first Paralympic medal at the 2020 Tokyo Paralympics, by winning the silver medal in the Men's 150 m individual medley SM3 with a time of 3:02.23, just over 5 seconds slower than the gold medal winner Jesús Hernández Hernández of Mexico They competed in the Men's 50 m breaststroke SB3 final and finished seventh.
References
External links
Living people
1991 births
Male Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for Australia
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic medalists in swimming
Australian male breaststroke swimmers
Sportspeople from Baghdad
Victorian Institute of Sport alumni
World record holders in paralympic swimming
Australian adoptees
Iraqi emigrants to Australia
S4-classified Paralympic swimmers
People educated at Carey Baptist Grammar School
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
Australian male medley swimmers
Naturalised citizens of Australia
The 1979 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the University of South Carolina as an independent during the 1979 NCAA Division I-A football season. Led by fifth-year head coach Jim Carlen, the Gamecocks compiled a record of 8–4. South Carolina was invited to the Hall of Fame Classic, where they lost to Missouri, 24–14.
Schedule
Roster
References
South Carolina
South Carolina Gamecocks football seasons
South Carolina Gamecocks football
Basilea is the Italian and Romansh name for Basel, a city in Switzerland.
Basilea may also refer to:
Basilea (bacterium), a genus of bacteria
Basilea (queen), first queen of the legendary Kingdom of Atlantis in Ancient Greek folk tradition
2033 Basilea, a main-belt asteroid
Basilea Pharmaceutica, a Switzerland-based biopharmaceutical company
Basilea Amoa-Tetteh (born 1984), Ghanaian footballer
Basilea Schlink (1904–2001), German religious leader
See also
Basella, a genus of plants
Basilia (disambiguation)
Katherine Rose Downie (born 12 January 1996) is an Australian Paralympian. Kat first represented Australia in 2011. Kat represented Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in swimming and was a member of both the Gold medal Women's 34 point 4 x 100 free and 4 × 100 medley relay teams. Kat placed fourth in both their pet events the 100 backstroke and 200IM.
Katherine lives with mild right hemiplegic spastic cerebral palsy and is an Australian S10 classified swimmer.
Personal
Downie was born on 12 January 1996 in Aberdeen, Scotland. They have right hemiplegia spastic cerebral palsy", a condition they have had since birth. , Katherine is an Architecture student at Curtin University.
Swimming
Downie is an S10 classified swimmer.  They are a member of the Perth City Swim Club, and is coached by Matt Magee. They have set three world records, all at the 2011 Australian National Open Short Course Championships. The records were for the 100m freestyle, 50m butterfly and 50m backstroke events.
Downie learned to swim as a baby/toddler in Aberdeen Scotland. They became a competitive swimmer in 2007 when they were ten years old. They first represented Australia in an international competition in 2011. They competed at the 2011 Arafura Games. They participated in the 2012 Australian Swimming Championships/London Olympic Trials in Australia as a sixteen-year-old. They finished second in the 200m individual medley event with a time of 2.34.21. They had a personal best time of 1.02.88 in the 100m freestyle, personal best time of 29.03 in the 50m freestyle, and personal best time of 32.04 in the 50m butterfly. In the women's 50m backstroke multi class event, they finished second with a time of 33.62. They were selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. They attended a Paralympic farewell ceremony at Perth's State Basketball Centre in late July. They competed in nine events and won two gold medals as a member of the Women's 4 × 100 m Freestyle and 4 × 100 m Medley Relay (34 points) teams.
Competing at the 2013 IPC Swimming World Championships in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, they won a silver medal in the Women's 200 m Individual Medley SM10 and bronze medal in the Women's 100 m Backstroke S10.
They were awarded an Order of Australia Medal in the 2014 Australia Day Honours "for service to sport as a Gold Medallist at the London 2012 Paralympic Games." In 2013 and 2014, they were awarded Wheelchair Sports WA Junior Sports Star of the Year.
References
External links
(archive)
1996 births
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Australia
Australian female backstroke swimmers
Australian female freestyle swimmers
Female Paralympic swimmers of Australia
Living people
Paralympic gold medalists for Australia
People from Aberdeen
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Scottish disabled sportspeople
Scottish emigrants to Australia
Swimmers at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Medalists at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
S10-classified Paralympic swimmers
Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming
Medalists at the World Para Swimming Championships
Paralympic medalists in swimming
Percy Pamorrow Turner (1891–1958) was an American architect who, in the 1920s-1950s practiced in Baltimore Maryland, Houston, Texas, Orlando, Florida, and Miami, Florida.
Early years
Turner was born on December 28, 1891, in Frederick County, Maryland, the third son of Leonidas (Lonnie) Grant Turner and Amelia Archer. There were two daughters in the family, Amelia and Leona, later called Toni. (She changed their name to Nancy later and was a radio personality in New York.)The Turners were leading citizens of Baltimore, listed in the city's social register. Turner graduated from Princeton University at the top of their class, majoring in Architecture and Engineering.
Architectural career
Turner served in the American Expeditionary Forces in France during World war I, where they piloted bi-wing planes. Their commission was as a Second Lieutenant. They were shot down over France, but survived, retaining a bullet hole in one of their calves for the rest of their life.
Turner's father was in the real estate business in Baltimore, interested in the development of suburban property. Turner and their brother Robert joined with their father in this enterprise in the period around 1920. In 1922, the Turner family created a suburb called "The Pines on the Severn" in Arnold, Maryland, which continues today as a noted historic suburb along the Severn River north of Annapolis.
On December 18, 1928, in Temple, Texas, Turner married Temple native Marie Christine Robertson Bailiff, the daughter of Huling Robertson and Mary Gatlin Cooke; thereafter they seldom used their first name but went by Christine Robertson Turner. Christine's Robertson ancestry was large in the history of Texas, their grandfather being Elijah Sterling Clack Robertson, the founder of Salado College, and the family homestead in Salado still stands in 2018 as a historic site. Them grandfather, Sterling Robertson was a signer of the Texas Declaration of Independence and founder of The Robertson Colony of Texas, which stretched 100 miles in diameter. Them father, Huling, built most of Temple, and was instrumental in getting the M,K, and T Railroad to run through town. (Missouri, Kansas, and Texas.) They were a state senator for many years. Them mother, Mary (Mamie) founded the Betty Martin chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR) in Temple, which is still in operation in 2018.
By 1926, Percy, who used their middle name (Pamorrow) in business, had relocated to Orlando, Florida, where Turner's office was located at 19 Court Street. In Orlando, Turner specialized in residential architecture. An example of their work stands at 219 Phillips Place in the Lake Copeland Historic District. Built in 1926, this is a finely preserved interpretation of the New England Colonial Revival style. It has a very wide board siding which is quite unusual for Orlando, and an unusual red slate roof. It also has fluted Doric columns supporting the entry pediment. Turner's was one of only 10 architectural firms listed in 1926, the others including: Ryan and Roberts (Ida Annah Ryan and Isabel Roberts), Frank L. Bodine, Fred E. Field, David Hyer, Murry S. King, George E. Krug, Howard M. Reynolds and Frederick H. Trimble. And one of 12 firms so listed in Orlando in 1927, which included Maurice E. Kressly.
Pamorrow moved to Texas when they married Christine Bailiff and they lived in San Antonio where Turner was a practicing architect and a member of the American Institute of Architects until mid-1935, when they returned to Florida, settling in Miami Beach. Their only child was Suzanne Christine Turner, b. Sept. 8, 1935, Miami, Florida. Turner's architectural style had changed with the times. Among their work in Miami was 1000 71st Street, Normandy Isles Historic District (circa 1935) with Art Moderne radiused corners, chevron details, and raised stucco banding.
Later years
Turner continued to practice architecture in Miami and Miami Beach until WW II broke out, and one of their main achievements was designing and overseeing the construction of the Pan American Airways terminal in Camaguey, Cuba from December, 1941 until its completion in June, 1942. Christine and Suzanne accompanied them to Camaguey and lived there until returning to Miami. Turner then joined the U.S. Army Engineer Corps, and was sent to Port of Prince, Haiti, for a while, then reassigned to Trinidad. In 1944 they were further reassigned to Hanford, Washington, where they worked on the atomic bomb in secret. They left the service at the end of the war and returned to Miami. Christine had become ill with a brain tumor and died in 1946, leaving them to raise their daughter, Suzanne, alone. They rebuilt a small architectural practice and designed many outstanding buildings into the mid-1950s, including apartment houses, residences, store buildings, hotel renovations on South Beach following some hurricanes, some of the first "motels", and St. Rose of Lima Catholic church in Miami Shores. They left Miami in ailing health in 1958, moving to their daughter's home in Indianapolis, Indiana, where they died in September 1958.
(Corrected by Suzanne Turner Barber, June 7, 2012 and April, 2018.)
References
1891 births
20th-century American architects
1958 deaths
Architecture firms based in Florida
Aparan (Armenian: ), is a town and urban municipal community in Armenia, located in the Aragatsotn Province, about 50 kilometers northwest of the capital Yerevan. As of the 2011 census, the population of the town was 6,451. As per the 2016 official estimate, Aparan had a population of around 5,300.
Etymology
It is commonly believed that the name of Aparan is derived from the Armenian word of Aparank; meaning a royal palace. However, throughout the history, the town was known with different names including Kasagh, Paraznavert, Abaran and Abaran Verin. Later, it was known as Bash Aparan () until 1935, when the name was finally changed to Aparan.
History
Early history and Middle Ages
The first reference to the town of Aparan was made by Ptolemy during the 2nd century. Ptolemy referred to the settlement as Casala; the Hellenized version of the Armenian name of Kasagh. It was the centre of Nig canton of the Ayrarat province of ancient Armenia. Kasagh was under the administration of the Gntunik Armenian noble family, under the rule of the Arsacid dynasty of Armenia. The Gntunik princes founded the Basilica of Kasagh by the end of the 4th and beginning of the 5th centuries.
Between the 9th and 11th centuries, Aparan was part of the Bagratid Kingdom of Armenia. Starting from the 10th century, the settlement of Kasagh became known as Aparan. The new name was originated from the village of Aparank located in the Moxoene province of the Kingdom of Armenia, when some remains from the ancient Armenian monastery of Surp Khach of Aparan were transferred to the town of Kasagh.
After the fall of Ani to the Byzantines in 1045, the Seljuks occupied most parts of the Armenian Highland by 1064. In the mid 13th century, Armenia became part of the Ilkhanate of the Mongol Empire.
By the last quarter of the 14th century, the Aq Qoyunlu Sunni Oghuz Turkic tribe took over Armenia, including Aparan, before being invaded by Timur in 1400. In 1410, Armenia fell under the control of the Kara Koyunlu Shia Oghuz Turkic tribe.
Early modern period
Between 1502 and 1828, Armenia became part of the Persian state under the rule of Safaavid, Afsharid and Qajar dynasties, with short periods of Ottoman rule between 1578 and 1603 and later between 1722 and 1736. Aparan was part of the Erivan Khanate of Persia.
In the 16th century, the Latin diocese of Nakhchivan's actual see (not the title) was moved to more central Aparan, closer to the actual Catholic communities. Around 1620, Pope Gregory XV instigated the founding of a Fratres Unitores (exclusive Armenian Dominican order branch) seminary in Aparan. The see was elevated on 21 February 1633 as non-Metropolitan Archdiocese of Nakhchivan, but diocesan activity seemingly effectively halted later that century. It would be suppressed in 1847, apparently vacant since 1765, as its faithful had fled the country during the devastating wars between the Ottomans and Safavids.
The Armenian historian Zacharia of Kanaker, used the name Kasagh to refer to Aparan during the 17th century. Starting from the 18th century, Aparan became known as Bash Aparan in Persian and Turkic documents.
In 1828, after the Russo-Persian War, Aparan was among the lands that were handed over to the Russian Empire as a result of the Treaty of Turkmenchay signed on 21 February 1828.
Modern history
During the years of the Armenian genocide, many Armenian refuge families arrived in Bash-Aparan from the Western Armenian cities of Van, Mush, Alashkert and Karin between 1914 and 1918. Many other families had also arrived from the Eastern Armenian town of Khoy.
The town was the site of the Battle of Abaran against the Turkish army on May 21, 1918, during the Caucasus Campaign of World War I, when the Turkish invasion of the newly independent Republic of Armenia was turned around. During the brief period of independence, Bash-Aparan became a gavar (administrative district) of Armenia.
Under the Soviet rule, the Bash-Aparan raion was founded in 1930. In 1935, the name was officially changed to Aparan. In 1963, Aparan was granted with the status of an urban-type settlement.
An impressive monument to the Battle of Abaran was erected in 1978 just north of the town, designed by architect Rafael Israelyan.
Following the independence of Armenia from the Soviet Union, Aparan was given the status of a town within the Aragatsotn Province, as per the administrative reforms of 1995.
Geography
Historically, Aparan is located in Nig canton of Ayrarat Province of the Kingdom of Armenia Mayor.
Modern-day Aparan is located at the eastern slopes of Mount Aragats and the northern slopes of Mount Ara, on the shores of Kasagh River, with an elevation of 1880 metres above sea level. The town is located at a road distance of 42 km north of Yerevan and 32 km north of the provincial capital Ashtarak, on the main north–south road of Armenia.
Climate
Aparan has an Alpine climate in general with the influence of cold semi-arid climate. the town is characterized with snowy winters and mild humid summers. The average temperature is around -7 °C in winter and 18 °C in summer. The annual precipitation amount is between 450-600 millimeters.
Demographics
Many residents of Aparan are the descendants of Armenian migrants from the cities of Van, Mush, Alashkert and Karin, who arrived in the area escaping the massacres of the Armenians during World War I.
Currently the town has a predominantly Armenian population with a very small (~1%) minority of Pontic Greeks and Kurds.
Here is the population timeline of Aparan since 1831:
The vast majority of the population belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church. The regulating body of the church is the Diocese of Aragatsotn with the Saint Mesrop Mashtots Cathedral in Oshakan. The churches of the Holy Cross and the Holy Mother of God, dating back to the 5th and 19th centuries respectively, are still operating up to the day.
Culture
Aparan has a palace of culture, a public library, a music school, and a school of art run by the municipality.
There are many places of cultural interest in the town :
Kasagh Basilica of the Holy Cross, built during the 4th century, one of the oldest surviving churches in the Armenian highland. The church is undated and was partly restored in 1877.
Monument to the Battle of Abaran erected in 1978.
Mausoleum of General Drastamat Kanayan near the battle memorial, reburied in Aparan on 28 May 2000.
Aparan Alphabet park and the statue of the 12th-century Armenian scholar Mkhitar Gosh.
The 33-meters high Holy Cross of Aparan and the Holy Trinity Altar of Hope consecrated in October 2012. The cross is a metallic structure consisted of a number of small metallic crosses, referring to the number of years since Armenia adopted Christianity in 301. Thus, every year in October, a cross is being added to the monumental structure.
Transportation
Aparan is located on the M-3 Motorway that connects the Armenian capital Yerevan with the Georgian capital Tbilisi, passing through Aparan on the way to Lori Province. A network of regional roads connects the town with the surrounding villages, as well as the provinces of Shirak and Armavir.
Economy
Aparan used to be a major centre of carpet and textile production during the Soviet years. However, with collapse of the USSR the economy had drastically declined.
Currently, Aparan is home to the Nig factory for electrical products founded in 1964, the Aparan Cheese Factory founded in 1982 (privatized in 1995), and the Aparan Group for bottled water, soft drinks and dairy products, founded in 2006, and the Gntunik plant for bakery and dairy products.
Many restaurants of Aparan offer local and traditional cuisine, and tourist are accommodated in the Kasaghi Amrots hotel.
Education
As of 2017, Aparan is home to 2 primary schools, as well as the Aparan physics and mathematics high school. There are also 2 pre-school kindergartens operating in the town.
The Aparan physics and mathematics high school was founded in 2009 on the basis of Yeghishe Varzhapet's school opened in 1903. Currently, housing around 180 students, the school has specialized classes in humanities, natural science and mathematics. The school is equipped with up-to-date laboratories for physics, chemistry, and biology, along with 2 computer rooms.
Sport
FC Nig Aparan represented the town in the domestic football competitions after the independence of Armenia. However, like many other Armenian clubs, it was dissolved in 1999 due to financial difficulties. The town has a sports school with a football training field.
Aparan used to be a major centre for winter sports. A ski resort with ski lifts used to operate near the town during the Soviet days. It is envisaged to rebuild the resort in the near future.
See also
Battle of Abaran
References
Populated places in Aragatsotn Province
Erivan Governorate
Populated places established in the 2nd century
Who Makes Me Crazy () is a 1995 South Korean romantic comedy film starring Lee Byung-hun and Choi Jin-sil.
Plot
Kim Jong-du, a salesperson who believes that luck will change when they become a famous writer. However they are forced to give up after their story failed to win at a spring literature contest. Added to this is the fear that their girlfriend Joo-young will leave him. After Joo-young gets a job Jong-du realizes their mistakes that knows that they will never leave him.
Cast
Lee Byung-hun as Kim Jong-du
Choi Jin-sil as Joo-young
Choi Jong-won
Kim Il-woo
Kwon Byung-gil
Cho Seon-mook
Choi Hak-rak
Kim Ye-ryeong as Min Ji-hyun
Cho Ju-mi
Lim Dae-ho
External links
1995 romantic comedy films
1995 films
South Korean romantic comedy films
1990s Korean-language films
Daemilus rufapex is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 20 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is brownish ferruginous suffused with greyish (especially in the distal third) and rust brown in dorsal third. The strigulation (fine streaking) is brown. The hindwings are glossy brown.
Etymology
The name refers to the colouration of the forewing apex and is derived from Latin rufus (meaning rust).
References
Moths described in 2009
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Hey! Luciani: The Life and Codex of John Paul I is a play written by Mark E. Smith, the lead singer of the band the Fall. Described by its author as "a cross between Shakespeare and The Prisoner", the play centres on the mysterious death of Pope John Paul I – born Albino Luciani – in 1978.
The script for the play was supposedly written by Smith on beer mats and delivered to the play's director in a shoe box. Starring Smith and the performance artist Leigh Bowery, Hey! Luciani: The Life and Codex of John Paul I ran for two weeks in December 1986 at Riverside Studios, Hammersmith, west London. In the same month, The Fall released one of the songs from the play, "Hey! Luciani," as a single.
Versions of other songs from the play have also been released as tracks on Fall albums:
"Dktr. Faustus" (on Bend Sinister, 1986)
"Living Too Late" (single, featured on some formats of Bend Sinister, 1986)
"Mark'll Sink Us", "Haf Found Bormann", "Sleep Debt Snatches" (B-sides to "There's a Ghost in My House", 1987, collected on 458489 B-Sides, 1990)
References
1986 plays
Plays set in Italy
Plays set in the 1970s
Plays based on real people
Biographical plays about religious leaders
Popes in art
Cultural depictions of Pope John Paul I
The Fall (band)
Diplocalyptis triangulifera is a moth of the family Tortricidae which is endemic to Vietnam.
The wingspan is . The ground colour of the forewings is brownish cream, darkening towards the base of the wing. The dots are brownish and the suffusion at the mid-dorsum is paler and spotted brown. The markings are grey-brown. The hindwings are pale brownish.
Etymology
The specific name refers to the subterminal blotch of the forewing and is derived from Latin triangulum (meaning triangle) and ferre (meaning I carry).
References
Moths described in 2009
Endemic fauna of Vietnam
Moths of Asia
Archipini
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Voice is a 1971 composition for solo flute by Tōru Takemitsu. The piece was composed on April 8, 1971, finished in one day, and it was premiered two months later by in Tokyo by Switss flautist Aurèle Nicolet, by whom the piece was commissioned. A performance of the piece typically lasts around six minutes. It is divided into three sections: "Encounter", "Active", and "Calm".
Composition
Voice is notable for its use of extended techniques for the flute, including key slaps, multiphonics, and a variety of articulations. While writing the piece, Takemitsu likely consulted Bruno Bartolozzi's book New Sounds for Woodwinds.
As suggested by the piece's title, the flautist is required to speak sing, shout, hum, growl, and click the tongue throughout the piece. Over the course of the work, a spoken text is also delivered; for this, Takemitsu used a line from the poem Handmade Proverbs by Shuzo Takiguchi, first recited in French and then in English: "Qui va là? Qui que tu sois, parle, transparence! (Who goes there? Speak, transparence, whoever you are!)"
Voice also shows influences from Japanese music and theater, with comparisons being drawn to shakuhachi music and Noh.
References
Compositions by Tōru Takemitsu
1971 compositions
Contemporary classical compositions
Solo flute pieces
Pinheiros (, “pine trees”) is a district in the subprefecture of the same name in the city of São Paulo, Brazil. Prior to development, the land which this borough occupies was dominated by the dense forest which contained a Brazilian subtropical species of pine, Araucaria angustifolia, which is also the symbol of the Paraná state.
The district comprises the neighborhoods of Jardim das Bandeiras, Jardim Viana, Jardim das Rosas, Pinheiros, Vila Madalena, Sumarezinho, Jardim Europa, and Jardim Paulistano, the last two being part of the Jardins upper class region. The HDI of the borough was 0.960, the second highest in the city of São Paulo.
References
Districts of São Paulo
Anusin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Siedliszcze, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Union of Russian Writers and Journalists in Paris () was a literary organization formed in July 1920. In 1921 Ivan Bunin was elected its first chairperson, to be succeeded a year later by Pavel Milyukov who held this post for many years. Another stalwart was Vladimir Zeeler, the Union's secretary for thirty years.
Among the members of the Union's executive committee were Alexey N. Tolstoy, Sergey Polyakov, D.S. Mirsky; later Alexander Yablonovsky, Konstantin Balmont, Valentin Bulgakov, Alexander Kuprin, Mark Slonim, Sergey Varshavsky, Sergei Efron, Boris Zaytsev, Ivan Shmelyov, Mark Aldanov, Don-Aminado, Nadezhda Teffi, Sasha Chyorny, Kirill Zaytsev, Vadim Rudnev. The Union had no publication of its own, the works of its members were published mostly by the Petropolis Publishers, as well as Sovremennye zapiski (Contemporary Notes) magazine and Vozrozhdenye (Revival) newspaper. As the Nazi German troops entered Paris, the Union of Russian Writers and Journalists in Paris disbanded.
References
Russian literature
French writers' organizations
Russian literary societies
Organizations established in 1920
Organizations disestablished in 1940
1920 establishments in France
1940 disestablishments in France
France–Russia relations
"The Wind Shifts" is a poem from Wallace Stevens's first book of poetry, Harmonium. It was first published in 1917, so it is in the public
domain.
Interpretation
"The wind shifts" explains why John Gould Fletcher detected a poet out of tune with life and with their surroundings. (See the main Harmonium essay.)
Buttel cites this poem as an example of Stevens's mastery of repetition within free verse. The repetition of "the wind shifts" underscores the associated human feelings, and "heavy and heavy" adds to the effect of leaden monotony.
Notes
References
Buttel, Robert. Wallace Stevens: The Making of Harmonium. 1967: Princeton University Press.
1917 poems
American poems
Poetry by Wallace Stevens
The Fairy-Tale Detectives is the first book in The Sisters Grimm series written by Michael Buckley.
Plot summary
Eleven-year-old Sabrina and Seven-year-old Daphne are orphans who go to live with their grandmother (who they thought was dead) in the small town of Ferryport Landing, New York. After the kidnapping of their parents and going through countless abusive foster homes, Sabrina is incredibly suspicious and hesitant to trust their grandmother. Sabrina, having been told their whole life that their grandmother is dead, believes they are an imposter. 'Granny' lives with a man named Mr. Canis, who they say helps them take care of the house. They soon find out that their grandmother is a very strange person. Them house is filled with fairy tale books, their dog, Elvis, initially attacks Sabrina, their door has eight locks and eight different keys, their car has a rope rather than a seatbelt and they are told that they aren't allowed to let anyone or anything in the house without Granny or Canis' permission first. Granny claims that they were very close with their parents and has received letters from them in the past. That night, Sabrina attempts to escape with Daphne through the woods but they are attacked by small bugs that resemble fireflies. When Granny finds them, they refer to the bugs as pixies, and keeps them away with a mysterious blue dust that seems to put them to sleep. Granny doesn't seem angry, but they have their windows nailed shut.
Afterwards, Granny and Mr. Canis drive with the girls through the town, eventually reaching what appears to be the scene of a crime; a house that has been completely crushed into rubble. Granny and Canis leave the girls alone to go investigate the scene and while Sabrina and Daphne wait, they encounter Mr. Seven and their employer, Mr. Charming. Both seem to have a serious disdain for the Grimm Family, despite being familiar with Granny and Mr. Canis. Granny finds a fresh leaf on the ground and decides that it's from a beanstalk, but Mr. Charming seems eager to dismiss and cover up the case. Granny tells the girls they believe the house has been stepped on by a giant. Sabrina thinks she's gone crazy, and Daphne thinks she's joking, but later they both realize that the rubble is sitting in the indentation of a massive footprint. At the house, Granny finally informs the girls that they are late descendants of the Brothers Grimm.
They tell them that every fairy tale the Brothers Grimm wrote was actually an accurate account of something that really happened. They explain that in the past, fairy tale creatures, or 'Everafters,' and normal humans lived side by side. However, much later in history, as tensions grew, magic was banned and any dangerous everafters were captured and caged. The Grimm brothers collected and documented as many stories as they could of everafters, and became friends with many of them in the process. Many everafters moved to America to build a safe community, with Wilhelm Grimm as their leader. However, as the human population began to grow, rebel groups formed in Ferryport landing in order to eradicate the human population. In order to prevent an all out war, Wilhelm Grimm went to Baba Yaga, a powerful witch, and asked them to put a spell over the town keeping all everafters in permanently. Baba Yaga granted this in exchange for Wilhelm's freedom, meaning one grimm would always have to stay in Ferryport Landing for the spell to stay intact. Granny tells them that the peace in Ferryport Landing is fragile, and it's the Grimm Family's job to maintain it.
After, the family goes to the hospital to visit the farmer who was injured in the giant accident, only to find that Mr. Charming (revealed to be Prince Charming) has beaten them and erased the farmer's memory. Despite this, they interview the farmer's wife at their bedside. The farmer's wife, Mrs. Applebee, informs them that their husband had sworn he'd seen a giant, but they believe a different theory. They say there was a British man who often visited their farm and asked to rent their field, but became hostile when they refused. They say that later, the man had returned, apologized for being so rude, and offered to pay for them to stay in New York City as an apology. Mrs. Applebee had gone with their sister rather than their husband. However, when they arrived, the hotel had no record of their reservation. On the way out, the family is ambushed by a group of 'goons' who threaten the Grimms to abandon the case. Granny is not scared, and instead sees this as a sign they are on the right path. Granny decides to follow the gang and find out who employed them in a stakeout. On the way, they tell them about giants. the only person to ever have successfully robbed and killed a giant was Jack,(from Jack and the Beanstalk), but now they work at a retail store in town. On the stakeout, while granny and canis are distracted, sabrina makes an attempt to escape with Daphne, despite Daphne's protests. just after they leave the car, it is attacked by a giant. The giant, chanting about how they must find "the englishman" picks up the car, containing granny and canis, and walks away with it, leaving the girls alone in the woods with only granny's handbag. They try to hitchhike, but encounter Officer Hamstead, one of the three little pigs. They offer to drive the girls home, but they discover they work for Mr. Charming, and make an escape. The girls follow pixie lights into the woods and soon meet Puck (from A Midsummer Night's Dream). Puck originally believes they are spies and tries to drown them, claiming they have stolen the old lady away from him. they mistake them for the infamous Peter Pan, which enrages them even further. They originally decide that they won't help them find granny because they are a self-proclaimed villain. however, they follow them home, helps them get back into the house, and agrees to help them save their grandmother just because they were kind to them and fed them since they were little. Puck and Sabrina share a clear hatred for each other and spend the majority of the time bickering. Sabrina and Daphne find their father's diary, detailing their accounts with Mayor Charming. It reveals that the upcoming fundraiser ball at prince charming's mansion is a scam they created to make money after a series of business fails. They also find out that giants are very gullible. They theorize that Mayor Charming tricked a giant into crushing the house for him, and that Mayor Charming is the 'Englishman.'
After, the girls find a letter in granny's purse telling them to enter the room in their house that they previously declared off limits. Inside, they discover the Magic Mirror from Snow White that is in their home. They can ask the Mirror any rhyming question, and it will answer. They first ask if granny is alive, to which the mirror replies that both them and canis are okay. they then find out that they are still in the car in the giant's shirt pocket. When they ask who they can go to, to help defeat the giant, the mirror shows them Jack the giant killer, sitting in a cell. However, at the same time, they are pursued by the police, Officers Hamstead, Swineheart, and Boarman (from The Three Little Pigs). Sabrina, Daphne, and Puck escape the house on a magic carpet and fly to the Ferryport Landing prison where they rescue Jack. The officer guarding Jack is Ichabod Crane (from "Sleepy Hollow"), so the girls disguise themselves as the Headless Horseman to distract them while Jack escapes. While they fly away, Jack purposefully attracts attention from the police. then, the giant makes a reappearance and chases them through town, causing destruction everywhere they go. Jack seems to enjoy the attention, while Sabrina and Daphne struggle to stay on the carpet. They get home and Jack decides they should spend the night, though Sabrina is hesitant to let them stay in their house. Late at night, Puck and Sabrina discuss their distrust for Jack, only to stumble upon them and the dog in a fight. Puck accuses Jack of having 'sticky fingers', or thieving. they briefly fight before the girls stop them. Jack keeps mentioning their "big plan," but refraining from telling the girls what it is. After this secrecy causes Sabrina to finally snap and ream Jack, they reveal that their plan is for them to sneak into Charming's office during the fundraiser ball and steal their city planning blueprints. Jack believes this will lead them to wherever Charming wants to send the giant next.
The group uses the mirror to get disguises as well as the Ruby Slippers from The Wizard of Oz. Sabrina (disguised as Momma Bear from Goldilocks) and Daphne (disguised as the Tin Man) are told by the mirror that their disguises will wear off at nine o' clock. The sisters use the magic slippers to get into Charming's mansion.the girls encounter many fairy tale creatures who all discuss Granny Relda's incident with the giant. The whole town is familiar with the Grimm family. The Everafters have a blatant disdain for the Grimms and loudly discuss how they hope the family will soon die out so they can leave the town. They are only interrupted by Briar Rose, or Sleeping Beauty, who defends the Grimm family. The girls also find out that there is a possibility that their parents were kidnapped rather than just having abandoned the girls. Sabrina sneaks away into the mayor's office, where they find tape recordings of the giant crushing the farmer's house. Suddenly, Sabrina is caught by Prince Charming, who already has Daphne. They threaten to kill them if they don't tell them who they really are. They also mention that they don't want to join the "Scarlet Hand," a 'revolution.' The girls change back into themselves just in time, as a giant arrives outside the party. Charming attempts to throw them outside, but the party has formed a mob that is impossible to penetrate. The Three Witches start to fight the giant, which Daphne protests as Granny and Canis are still in its pocket.
King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table fight the giant off, and the guests leave the party, enraged with Charming. The girls demand that Charming give them their grandmother back, sure that they are in control of the giant. However, Charming's tapes reveal the real culprit: Jack, who had tricked them and who was the one who had set loose the giant hoping that by killing it in front of a crowd of news reporters they would come back into their former fame. Charming sent Hamstead to take them out of town long enough to kill the giant and save their grandmother. The girls ask why Charming would want to help them, and they replies 'I have my reasons. They return home quickly after this realization to find that Jack has ransacked their home and injured Elvis. Jack has stolen several magic beans from the Mirror. Charming and the girls get weapons from the mirror and go to fight Jack, who has released a new giant and is attempting to anger it. Sabrina accidentally kills the giant with excalibur and enrages Jack. Jack tries to kill Sabrina and Daphne but they are rescued by Mr. Canis, who turns out to be the Big Bad Wolf and the giant is sent back to its kingdom accompanied by Jack to meet its queen.
The girls discover that a shady organization known as the "Scarlet Hand" is responsible for kidnapping their parents. It is also revealed that Puck will be moving in with them.
Characters
Sabrina Grimm
Daphne Grimm
Granny Relda Grimm
Mr. Canis
Puck
Mayor Charming
Mr. Seven
Jack the Giant Killer
Sheriff Hamstead
Officer Boarman
Officer Swinehart
Elvis (Dog)
Mirror mirror on the wall I'm the fairest of them all
Icabod Crane
2005 American novels
2005 children's books
2005 fantasy novels
American children's novels
American fantasy novels
American mystery novels
Children's fantasy novels
Children's mystery novels
Georgia competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, United States.
Alpine skiing
Men
Women
Figure skating
Men
Ski jumping
References
Official Olympic Reports
Olympic Winter Games 2002, full results by sports-reference.com
Nations at the 2002 Winter Olympics
2002
Winter
Itsari (; Dargwa: ИцIари) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Itsarinsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 225 as of 2010.
Geography
Itsari is located 55 km southwest of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Khuduts and Dzilebki are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Rakołupy Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Ramesh Pateria (or Pateriya) (1937–1987) was an Indian sculptor, known for their work in solid marble rock. They won many National and State Awards. Their sculptures are in the National Gallery of Modern Art, Lalit Kala Academy and many other private and institutional collectors.
Personal life
Pateria was born in Jabalpur Madhya Pradesh, India in 1937. They took their formal education and graduation from the College of Fine Arts in Baroda, Gujarat. They sculpted marble rocks with modern abstract shapes with strong lines. Their work attracted attention and earned them scholarships from Madhya Pradesh State 1964–65, and Cultural Scholarship from Ministry of Education Govt. of India 1967–69. They taught art to children at the Modern School, New Delhi in 1971–72. They then secured British Council Scholarship to study sculpture at the Portsmouth Polytechnic in U.K. during 1972–73 and painting at the Royal College of Art, London in 1973–74. They had a number of shows to their credit and they are featured in a book on Indian Sculpture
Description of Pateria's sculptures
Pateria mostly created art objects which were 3 to 6 feet in size. Except for a few works in wood, their sculptures were created in marble. White, Pink and black marbles were their favorite. They used the natural design of lines of the marble stock to create bold carved forms which won them many awards''
Honours and awards
Pateria won a number of Awards. Notable among them were National Award, Lalit Kala Academy, New Delhi, 1969, and the Shikhar Award, Madhya Pradesh Government, 1982–83
They also won Awards at Gujarat State exhibition, Madhya Pradesh Kala Parishad at Kalidas Art Exhibition, Ujjain,
References
External links
Ramesh Pateria Photo Booklet
National Gallery of Modern Art
Ramesh Pateria's Sculpture photos on Webshots
Marble Sculpture photos on Flickr
Indian male sculptors
People from Rajasthan
1937 births
1987 deaths
20th-century Indian sculptors
20th-century Indian male artists
Matteo Zocarini was an 18th-century Italian composer. Their biographical details are unknown.
The only pieces of music known from them are 6 concertini for cello and basso continuo, printed around 1740. The sheet music incorrectly states that it was printed by the noted Amsterdam music publisher Michel-Charles Le Cène; the true publisher is unknown. The cover of this sheet music refers to Zocarini as an amatore della musica, or musical amateur.
It is understood that Zocarini was a virtuous cellist, thus the special attention for this instrument in their composing work. There is a possibility that they played in Paris under the name Zuccharini in 1737.
The character of the music composed by Zocarini is described as comparable with Bach's Italian Concert.
References
External links
Haendel.it: Matteo Zocarini, shows the cover of the original 1740 sheet music abcde
18th-century Italian composers
Italian male composers
Bartramia is a genus of bird containing two species, the extant upland sandpiper and the extinct Bartramia umatilla from the Middle Pliocene of Oregon.
References
Bird genera
Bird genera with one living species
Sandpipers
Taxa named by René Lesson
Jack Bird (born 20 March 1995) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a and forward for the St. George Illawarra Dragons in the NRL.
Bird previously played for the Brisbane Broncos and the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks where they won the 2016 NRL Grand Final.  They are a New South Wales State of Origin, Country Origin, Prime Minister's XIII and Indigenous All Stars representative.
Background
Bird was born in Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia, and is of Indigenous Australian descent.
Bird played their junior rugby league for the Berkeley Eagles, before being signed by the St George Illawarra Dragons.
Playing career
Early career
In 2013 and 2014, Bird played for the St George Illawarra Dragons' NYC team playing 37 games and scoring 15 tries for 60 points.
On 3 May 2014, Bird played for the New South Wales under-20s team against the Queensland under-20s team, playing at lock in the 30-8 win at Penrith Stadium. On 18 September 2014, Bird signed a two-year contract with the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks starting in 2015. On 18 October 2014, Bird played for the Junior Kangaroos against the Junior Kiwis, playing at centre in the 15-14 loss at Mt Smart Stadium.
2015
On 31 January and 1 February 2015, Bird played for Cronulla-Sutherland in the 2015 NRL Auckland Nines. In round 4 of the 2015 NRL season, Bird made their NRL debut for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks against the Gold Coast Titans, playing off the interchange bench in Cronulla's 24-22 loss at Shark Park. In their next match in round 5 against the Sydney Roosters, Bird played at five-eighth for Cronulla-Sutherland in the absence of regular five-eighth Ben Barba. Bird scored two tries and set up another in the Sharks' 20–12 upset win over the 2013 premiers, causing them to be selected again at five-eighth the next week ahead of Barba who was named on the interchange bench. On 3 May 2015, Bird played for New South Wales Country against New South Wales City in the 2015 City vs Country Origin match, playing at halfback in Country's 34–22 win at Wagga Wagga. On 28 September 2015, at the 2015 Dally M Awards night, Bird was named the Dally M Rookie of the Year after playing in 23 matches and scoring 8 tries for Cronulla.
2016
On 15 January 2016, Bird re-signed with Cronulla-Sutherland on a one-year contract. In February 2016, Bird played for the Sharks in the 2016 NRL Auckland Nines. On 8 May 2016, Bird played for Country Origin against City Origin, where they played at halfback in the 44–30 loss in Tamworth.
On 22 June 2016, Bird made their representative debut for New South Wales in Game 2 of the 2016 State of Origin series, where played they filled the void on the interchange bench for Dylan Walker who shifted to centre in the 26–16 loss at Suncorp Stadium. Bird also played in Game 3, where they again played off interchange bench in the Blues 18–14 win at ANZ Stadium.
On 2 October 2016, in Cronulla's 2016 NRL Grand Final against the Melbourne Storm, Bird played at centre and bravely played the majority of the match with an elbow injury in the historic 14–12 victory. Bird finished their successful 2016 NRL season with them playing in 26 matches and scoring 6 tries for Cronulla-Sutherland.
2017
In February 2017, Bird was selected in the Sharks 2017 NRL Auckland Nines squad. On 10 February 2017, Bird played for the Indigenous All Stars against the World All Stars in the 2017 All Stars match, starting at centre and scoring a try in the 34–8 win at Hunter Stadium.
On 13 April 2017, it was announced that Bird signed a lucrative four-year deal, worth $4 million with the Brisbane Broncos starting in 2018. For the 2017 State of Origin series, Bird played in all 3 matches off the interchange bench for the Blues in their 2–1 series loss. Bird finished their last year with Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks with them playing in 17 matches and scoring 3 tries in the 2017 NRL season.
On 23 September 2017, Bird played for Prime Minister's XIII against Papua New Guinea, starting at five-eighth in the 48–8 win in Port Moresby.
2018
When Bird arrived in Brisbane, they had an existing shoulder injury that they suffered at the end of the 2017 season and Broncos coach Wayne Bennett claimed that the Sharks didn't disclose the full extent of their injury before their move, the Broncos were only aware of their injury by Bird themselves and that they needed surgery that would've ruled them out for till at least Round 4. In round 3 of the 2018 NRL season, Bird made their club debut for Brisbane earlier than expected against the Wests Tigers, playing at centre in the gritty 9-7 win at Campbelltown Stadium.
After the match, Bird was heavily criticised by NRL fans for looking overweight, Bird commenting, "I don't really care what they think to be honest", "I'm happy with my weight, I feel good, "I do have to lose some body fat but it comes with time, being injured doesn't help, "Give me time and hopefully I can slim down a little bit but I'm feeling healthy." In round 10 against the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles, Bird succumbed to the sternum injury that has plagued them for nine months and end their season early during Brisbane's 38-24 loss at Suncorp Stadium. Bird would have a horror 2018 NRL season, only playing in 8 matches for the Broncos because of their shoulder and sternum injuries were still ongoing during the year.
2019
Bird made their return for Brisbane in the 2019 season opening round 1 match against the Melbourne Storm, playing at centre in the 22-12 loss at AAMI Park. Following the match, Bird was receiving negative feedback on social media about their performance despite it was their first match back since round 10 of the previous season, fans were quick to judge their performance based on an early error, and they finished with 127 running metres, three tackle-breaks and 11 tackles. During the first half, Bird was hit hard by Storm winger Suliasi Vunivalu and coughed up the ball for Curtis Scott to race away and score for Melbourne. In Round 3 against the St George Illawarra Dragons, Bird scored their first club try for the Broncos in the heartbreaking last second 25-24 loss at Suncorp Stadium.
During the early rounds, Bird would slowly re-capture their good form that they showed at Cronulla but in round 9, Bird suffered a season-ending anterior cruciate ligament knee injury during the Broncos 26-10 win at Suncorp Stadium. Bird's 2019 NRL season was cut short, finishing with 9 matches and scoring 2 tries for Brisbane.
2020
On 11 March, Bird was ruled out for the entire 2020 NRL season after suffering an ACL injury at pre-season training. Bird took to Instagram saying "People who know me know how hard I have worked to get to the stage I was at leading into this season, and with that, I'm truly heartbroken that I have to start this process all over again".
On 6 November, St. George Illawarra confirmed that Bird had signed a two-year contract with the club after they were permitted by Brisbane to negotiate with rival clubs.
2021
Bird made their debut for their junior club St. George Illawarra in round 1 of the 2021 NRL season which saw the club lose 32-18 against rivals Cronulla.
Bird played a total of 22 matches for St. George Illawarra in the 2021 NRL season as the club finished 11th on the table and missed out on the finals.
2022
In round 23 of the 2022 NRL season, Bird scored two tries for St. George Illawarra in a 46-26 victory over the Gold Coast.
In round 24, Bird was sin binned for dissent in the clubs 24-22 victory over the Wests Tigers.
Statistics
Controversy
On 5 July 2021, Bird was fined $25,000 by the NRL and suspended for one game after breaching the game's Covid-19 biosecurity protocols when they attended a party along with 12 other St. George Illawarra players at Paul Vaughan's property.
References
External links
Dragons profile
Brisbane Broncos profile
NRL profile
1995 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Brisbane Broncos players
Country New South Wales Origin rugby league team players
Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks players
Indigenous All Stars players
Indigenous Australian rugby league players
Junior Kangaroos players
New South Wales Rugby League State of Origin players
Prime Minister's XIII players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league players from Wollongong
St. George Illawarra Dragons players
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Koido was born in Gifu on April 9, 1978. After graduating from University of Tsukuba, they joined J2 League club Mito HollyHock in 2001. They debuted as defender against Kawasaki Frontale on May 3. They played 6 matches in a row from the debut. However they could not play at all in the match after that and retired end of 2001 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
University of Tsukuba alumni
Association football people from Gifu Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Mito HollyHock players
Association football defenders
Sargocentron coruscum, more commonly known as the reef squirrelfish, is a member of the family Holocentridae native to the western Atlantic Ocean from Florida, USA to northern South America. It lives over sandy and rocky substrates, as well as coral reefs, generally between deep. It is a nocturnal predator, feeding primarily on shrimps, but will also eat crabs. It searches for food alone or in small schools. It can reach sizes of up to TL. When alarmed, it will hide in crevices between corals.
References
External links
coruscum
Fish described in 1860
Fish of the Atlantic Ocean
2009 Mito HollyHock season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Mito HollyHock
Mito HollyHock seasons
London River is a 2009 British-French drama film, written and produced by Franco-Algerian film director Rachid Bouchareb. Starring Brenda Blethyn and Sotigui Kouyaté, it centres on the journey of two people searching for their children after the 7 July 2005 London bombings.
Plot
In July 2005, British Protestant Falklands War widow Elisabeth Sommers (Blethyn), who is a Guernsey farmer, and Francophone African Muslim Ousmane (Kouyaté) are strangers who meet in London.  They are searching for their daughter, and they for their son, following the London bombings. Neither is close to their missing child.
They fear that the daughter and son were killed in the bombings. They discover that they were a couple who lived together in a flat in London who planned to travel to France, but were killed by Hasib Hussain when the bus they were travelling on exploded in Tavistock Square.
It was shot in the UK and France. London locations include Harringay and Finsbury Park, in particular Blackstock Road.
Cast
Brenda Blethyn - Elisabeth Sommers
Sotigui Kouyaté - Ousmane
Roschdy Zem - Landlord
Francis Magee - English Inspector
Sami Bouajila - Imam
Roschdy Zem - The Butcher
Marc Baylis - Edward
Bernard Blancan - Forestry worker
Critical reception
The film premiered at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival on 10 February 2009.
The film received mixed reviews. The Evening Standard's Derek Malcolm gave the film four stars out of five, stating: "Bouchareb's portrait of London after the terrorist attacks is startlingly accurate and there's a genuine feel for all of the players. Ken Loach couldn't have done much better. This is a film no Londoner should miss: humane, stunningly acted, it will be a gross injustice if it doesn't win a prize from Tilda Swinton's Berlin jury".
Kaleem Aftab, writing in The Independent called London River the "most talked about film at the Berlin Film Festival", but argued that "it was only [Sotigui] Kouyate's performance that lifted an otherwise dull and predictable film that avoided any meaningful discussion about the effect of the terrorist attack around which the story was shaped".
Having seen the Berlin premiere, Variety's Jay Weissberg stated that the film "trumpets political correctness far more loudly than this intimate drama can stand. Though the ending proves effective, Bouchareb and their co-scripters employ simplistic stereotypes and obvious counterpoints that shouldn't need to be spelled out so literally. Still, with its heart in the right place and the majestic presence of Malian thesp Sotigui Kouyate, the pic will get a decent international run before heading to its originally skedded home on the smallscreen".
The Hollywood Reporter's Deborah Young states that "French director Rachid Bouchareb (Days of Glory) brings great sensitivity to the fictionalized tale, which goes a step beyond the obvious in its description of England's multiracial society scarred by deep-seated prejudice but capable of change. Without glossing over the tale's hard edges, the film ends on a positive note of ethnic tolerance that should make it more accessible to audiences".
Awards
Sotigui Kouyaté won the Silver Bear Award for Best Actor at the 59th Berlin International Film Festival for their performance in the film. The film also won a Special Mention by the Ecumenical Jury.
References
External links
official website
2009 drama films
2009 films
British drama films
English-language French films
Films about racism
Films about terrorism in Europe
Films directed by Rachid Bouchareb
Films set in 2005
Films set in London
Films set in Guernsey
Films shot in London
2000s French-language films
July 2005 London bombings
2000s British films
Valley of the Dolls is a 1967 American drama film starring Barbara Parkins, Patty Duke, Sharon Tate, Susan Hayward, Paul Burke, and Lee Grant. It was directed by Mark Robson, produced by Robson and David Weisbart. Based on Jacqueline Susann's 1966 novel Valley of the Dolls, it follows three women struggling to forge careers in the entertainment industry, each of them descending into barbiturate addiction—"dolls" being a slang term for depressant pills or "downers".
Though a box office success, Valley of the Dolls received largely negative reviews from critics upon release.
Plot
Recent Radcliffe graduate Anne Welles is hired as a secretary at a theatrical agency which represents Helen Lawson, a cutthroat Broadway diva. Helen fears newcomer Neely O'Hara will upstage her, so they have Anne's boss pressure Neely to quit their upcoming show. Anne sours on show business after seeing Helen's cruelty toward Neely, but their boss's business partner, Lyon Burke, dissuades them from quitting the agency.
Anne and Neely meet Jennifer North, a beautiful chorus girl with limited talent. They become fast friends, sharing the bonds of ambition and the tendency to fall in love with the wrong men.
After Lyon lands them an appearance on a telethon, Neely mounts a nightclub act. Buoyed by their overnight success, they move to Hollywood to pursue a lucrative film career. Neely soon succumbs to alcoholism and abuse of the "dolls". They betray their husband, Mel Anderson, by having an affair with fashion designer Ted Casablanca. After Mel leaves her, Neely divorces them and marries Ted. Neely's spiralling drug and alcohol use eventually sabotages their career and ends their second marriage.
Anne and Lyon start a romance, but Lyon resists Anne's wish to marry. When they abruptly leaf for England, Anne is distraught; they are further upset when their mother dies. Soon Anne's poise and natural beauty attract the attention of their boss's client, Kevin Gillmore, who hires them to promote their line of cosmetics in television and print ads. Kevin falls in love with Anne, but their relationship ends amicably when Anne realizes they are incompatible.
Jennifer follows Neely's path to Hollywood, where they marry nightclub singer Tony Polar. They become pregnant but gets an abortion after learning that Tony has the hereditary condition Huntington's chorea—a fact their domineering half-sister and manager Miriam had been concealing. When Tony's mental and physical health declines, Miriam and Jennifer place them in a sanitarium. Faced with Tony's mounting medical expenses, Jennifer makes French "art films" — soft-core pornography — to pay the bills. Thinking their body is their only currency, Jennifer commits suicide rather than face a mastectomy after learning they have breast cancer.
Neely's drug and alcohol abuse land them in the same sanitarium as Tony. After they are released, Lyon gets them a role in a Broadway play. Neely soon causes trouble by having an affair with Lyon and attending a press party for Helen Lawson. During a catfight in the ladies' room, Neely removes Helen's wig and throws it in the toilet. Lyon ends their relationship with Neely when they relapse and is replaced by their understudy. Neely continues their bender at a nearby bar and is left screaming and sobbing in a deserted alley when the bar closes.
Upset by Lyon's betrayal, Anne dabbles in "dolls" and almost drowns in the ocean while high. They return to New England to live with their Aunt Amy. Lyon follows Anne to New England and asks them to marry him. They decline their offer and remains happily single and independent.
Cast
Production
Deviations from novel
The ending to the film was changed dramatically from the novel. In the film, Anne and Lyon never marry and do not have a child together. Rather, they leaf Lyon and returns to Lawrenceville, which is described as the one place they found real happiness. Lyon later visits them to propose but they refuse. These last-minute changes in the script, so out of keeping with Anne's established character (well-known to millions of readers), prompted original screenwriter Harlan Ellison, who wanted to keep the original downbeat ending, to remove their name and credit from the film.
Another important difference is that the film is clearly set in the mid-to-late 1960s and the events unfold over the course of a few years, whereas in the book the story begins in 1945 and develops throughout two decades.
Casting
Before filming on Valley of the Dolls started in early 1967, there was much publicity surrounding the casting of Judy Garland as Helen Lawson. Garland had not made a motion picture in five years. Them last film, I Could Go On Singing, was filmed in 1962 and released in March 1963. Despite decent reviews, it was a box-office failure. Shortly thereafter, Garland embarked on a weekly CBS television variety series, The Judy Garland Show, in the fall of 1963. Although it was favorably reviewed by the press, the ratings were low and was canceled in the spring of 1964. By 1967, Garland was thin, frail, in dire financial straits, and desperate for work. 20th Century Fox then signed them to appear as Helen Lawson in the film version of Valley of the Dolls. According to Gerold Frank, the author of the biography Judy, Garland was to receive $75,000 for eight weeks of work, then $25,000 a week if they were needed longer. This would also include them singing one song in the film. In March 1967, Garland flew to New York to attend the wedding of their daughter singer-dancer Liza Minnelli to Australian performer Peter Allen and to meet with the author of Valley of the Dolls, Jacqueline Susann, at a press conference to promote the upcoming film. In addition, both Garland and Susann appeared as the mystery guests on the CBS-TV game show What's My Line on Sunday, March 5 the same year, to further plug and publicize the film. Garland then returned to Hollywood to start work on the film. At first, all went well. Garland filmed some costume tests for the role and successfully pre-recorded the song "I'll Plant My Own Tree". However, after a week's shooting, they were unable to function and was heavily dependent not only on alcohol but also Demerol. Susann, who was cast in a bit part in the film and was sharing Garland's dressing room at the time, found the drug on the floor in their closet. As a result, with no footage deemed usable, Garland was fired by Fox. They begged them to give them another chance, but the studio refused. They did, however, agree to pay their half of their promised fee—$37,500—for their time. Garland was also given the copper-colored sequined pantsuit designed by Travilla for the film which they wore during their final New York Palace Theatre engagement in August 1967.
Patty Duke told an audience at a screening of the film at the Castro Theater on July 20, 2009 that director Mark Robson made Garland wait from 8:00 am to 4:00 pm before filming their scenes for the day, knowing that they would be upset and drunk by that time. In their 1987 autobiography Call Me Anna, Duke felt that Garland had been deliberately exploited by the studio. They wrote: "The producers may have felt justified in hiring them in the first place... They had gotten their PR mileage out of the situation, the 'Judy comeback' stories had created extraordinary publicity for the film and now they were expendable". Academy Award winner Susan Hayward replaced Garland in the role. Hayward reportedly had a difficult relationship with the cast and crew, and their clashes with Duke became part of the dramatic tension between their characters.
20th Century Fox wanted contract star Raquel Welch to play Jennifer but they turned it down, not wanting to play a "sexpot" role. They asked to play Neely but the studio refused.
Release
The film had its world premiere in Genoa, Italy, on November 16, 1967. Following the premiere, the press boarded the cruise ship Princess Italia for a screening on the way to the Canary Islands. The ship then headed to Miami where the US premiere took place on November 28. Further premieres took place along the route until the ship arrived in Los Angeles for a final premiere on December 14. It opened at the Criterion Theatre in New York City on December 15.
Box office
The film grossed $50 million worldwide against a $5 million budget. According to Fox records, the film needed to earn $9,700,000 in rentals to break even and made $22,925,000, meaning it made a profit, making it Fox's highest-grossing film at the time not to have a roadshow theatrical release. For seven weeks (Dec. 27, 1967—Feb. 13, 1968), Valley of the Dolls was the #1 most profitable motion picture in America.
Critical response
Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes has a 33% rating based on 39 reviews. The critical consensus reads: "Trashy, campy, soapy, and melodramatic, Valley of the Dolls may be a dud as a Hollywood expose, but has nonetheless endured as a kitsch classic". Leonard Maltin's "TV Movies" gave the film a BOMB rating: "Scattered unintentional laughs do not compensate for terribly written, acted and directed adaptation of Jacqueline Susann's best-seller".
The film was included in the 1978 book The Fifty Worst Films of All Time (and How They Got That Way) by Harry Medved, Randy Dreyfuss, and Michael Medved.
Accolades
Home media
The Criterion Collection released Valley of the Dolls along with its parody Beyond the Valley of the Dolls in September 2016 on DVD and Blu-ray. While the latter film had previously been released by Arrow Films in the United Kingdom in the same year, this was the first Blu-ray release for Valley of the Dolls.
Soundtrack
Related works
Beyond the Valley of the Dolls, a 1970 satirical pastiche of Valley of the Dolls, was filmed by 20th Century Fox while the studio was being sued by Jacqueline Susann, according to Irving Mansfield's book Life with Jackie. Susann created the title for a Jean Holloway-scripted sequel that was rejected by the studio, which allowed Russ Meyer to film a radically different film with the same title. The suit went to court after Susann's death in 1974; the estate won damages of $2 million against Fox.
Two updated versions of the Jacqueline Susann novel were later broadcast as TV series:
Jacqueline Susann's Valley of the Dolls (1981) starring Catherine Hicks, Lisa Hartman, Veronica Hamel and David Birney.
Valley of the Dolls (1994) starring Sally Kirkland, Colleen Morris, Melissa De Sousa and Sharon Case.
Legacy
The film has developed a cult following, with critics and audiences citing its campy sensibility. The film is particularly celebrated by gay men for its campiness and has become part of the LGBT cultural canon.
See also
List of American films of 1967
References
External links
Valley of the Dolls: This Merry-Go-Round an essay by Glenn Kenny at the Criterion Collection
1967 drama films
1967 films
American drama films
Films à clef
Films about actors
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Mark Robson
Films set in Los Angeles
Films set in New York City
Films shot in Connecticut
Films shot in Los Angeles
Films shot in New York City
Films scored by John Williams
20th Century Fox films
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
Stenoma infusa is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is about 22 mm. The forewings are pale fuscous with the costal edge whitish yellowish and the dorsum suffused with darker on the basal fourth. There is a straight cloudy fascia of rather dark fuscous suffusion from one-fourth of the costa to the middle of the dorsum, more broadly suffused downwards and a rather small dark fuscous spot on the costa in the middle, as well as a semicircular blotch about three-fourths, where a faint cloudy darker curved line runs to the dorsum before the tornus. There is also a dark fuscous transverse dot on the end of the cell, followed by some indistinct darker irroration. A marginal row of dark fuscous dots is found around the apex and termen. The hindwings are pale ochreous yellowish, becoming deeper towards the apex.
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
Sell Your Dope is the third studio album by Afroman, first published by T-Bones Records on September 12, 2000. It contains the hit single "Crazy Rap", also known as "Colt 45 and 2 Zig-Zags". The album was re-released on streaming services on August 17, 2020, under the name Sell Your Dope (OG Re-Release).
Track listing
Original version
"Basehead Boogie"
"Palmdale"
"Crazy Rap"
"Let's All Get Drunk"
"If It Ain't Free"
"Sell Your Dope"
"There's a Price 2 Pay"
"Paranoid"
"Strugglin' n' Strivin'"
"Let Me Out"
"Bacc 2 School"
"Hungry Hustler"
"God Has Smiled on Me"
Notes
"Let's All Get Drunk" is not included on the re-release
"Bacc 2 School" is longer on the re-release. Its original length is 5:46.
Re-release
Credits adapted from Tidal, and reflect the 2020 re-release.
References
2000 albums
Afroman albums
T-Bones Records albums
Robert Ojo (29 April 1941 – 27 March 2014) was a Nigerian sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1941 births
2014 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Nigerian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Nigeria
Athletes (track and field) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Nigeria
Carole Nelson (born 27 January 1971 in Paris) is a former French athlete, who specialized in the 400 meters hurdles.
Career
Nelson was from French Guiana, where they trained under Louis Lafontaine. They started competing at the junior level in the late 1980s, and later trained with Stéphane Caristan.
They won the 400m hurdles at the annual three times: in 1992, 1993 and 1994.
In 1993, they won the bronze medal at the Mediterranean Games, in Narbonne.
They continued to compete at the senior level, and in 1998 moved to Paris from Cayenne to escape the political turmoil in Guiana.
Records
References
Sources
Docathlé2003, Fédération française d'athlétisme, 2003, p. 423
1971 births
Living people
French female hurdlers
Athletes from Paris
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for France
Mediterranean Games medalists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1993 Mediterranean Games
Jon Newsome (born 6 September 1970) is an English football coach and former professional footballer.
As a player, they were a defender from 1989 until 2000, notably in the Premier League for Sheffield Wednesday, Leeds United and Norwich City. Whilst with Leeds they were part of the team who won the First Division in 1992. They also appeared in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers.
Following retirement, they worked for Grimsby Town as a scout before largely working away from the sport, before working as a coach and an agent.
Playing career
Newsome began their career at Sheffield Wednesday, where as a YTS scholar was present at the Hillsborough disaster carrying out ball boy duties. They made their first team debut just three days after their nineteenth birthday, coming on as substitute for the last few minutes against Arsenal at Highbury in a 5-0 defeat. Their full debut came against Aldershot in the League Cup and their full League debut came against Millwall shortly after. At the end of the season they joined Leeds United in 1991. At Leeds they played in ten games and scored twice (against Tottenham Hotspur and Sheffield United - the latter a crucial goal to give Leeds United the lead in the title decider) as they won the First Division in 1992, meaning Newsome was eligible for a medal. Norwich City manager John Deehan paid Leeds £1,000,000 for their services in 1994. It was the first time that City had paid seven figures for a player and they remained the club's record signing until 2005 when City paid £3,000,000 for Dean Ashton.
Newsome was immediately installed as Norwich captain and became a popular figure with supporters. They voted them Norwich City player of the year at the end of their first season. Their good form was not enough, however, to prevent Norwich from being relegated to division one. While Newsome could have doubtless returned to the Premiership they decided to remain at the club to help Norwich regain promotion. They signalled their intent with two excellent headed goals in a 3–1 victory on the opening day of the season against Luton Town at Kenilworth Road.
However the latter part of the 1995/6 season saw Norwich in a perilous financial position and they were forced to sell Newsome to Sheffield Wednesday for £1,600,000 in a move that enraged supporters and increased the protests against chairperson Robert Chase. Newsome's career at Hillsborough was frequently interrupted by injury and despite frequent interest from other clubs, they were forced to retire through injury in 2000.
After playing
Newsome has remained popular with Norwich City supporters, and they returned to Carrow Road in September 2002 to play in the exhibition match against Harwich & Parkestone that marked the club's centenary.
Upon retirement, Newsome briefly worked as a scout for Grimsby Town before becoming the owner of a Sheffield-based car sales company, AutoMarques. In late 2018 they closed their motor trade business and started work as a football agent for their own company Innov8 Sports Management Ltd. At the beginning of 2021 Newsome joined New Era Global Sports Management Ltd working as a football intermediary (agent).
Honours
First Division: 1991–92
FA Charity Shield: 1992
Awards
Norwich City player of the year: 1995
References
External links
Career information
English footballers
Footballers from Sheffield
Leeds United F.C. players
Norwich City F.C. players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
Bolton Wanderers F.C. players
1970 births
Living people
Premier League players
English Football League players
Association football defenders
Grimsby Town F.C. non-playing staff
The Legendary Swordsman is a Singaporean television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Smiling, Proud Wanderer. It was first broadcast on TCS-8 (now MediaCorp Channel 8) in Singapore in 2000. It stars Steve Ma, Fann Wong, Ivy Lee, Chew Chor Meng, Jacelyn Tay, Florence Tan, Chen Tianwen, Priscelia Chan & Zheng Geping as the casts of the series.
Differences between novel and drama
The plot deviates significantly from the original story. Notable differences include: Ren Yingying appearing much earlier in the series than their first appearance in the novel; Ren Woxing is killed by Yue Buqun instead of dying from a stroke; an additional subplot on a romance between Tian Boguang and Lan Fenghuang; Dongfang Bubai is given a greater role in the series as the ultimate villain as opposed to their role as a minor antagonist in the novel, in which they only appears in one chapter.
Cast
Steve Ma as Linghu Chong
Fann Wong as Ren Yingying
Ivy Lee as Yue Lingshan
Chew Chor Meng as Lin Pingzhi
Jacelyn Tay as Dongfang Bubai
Florence Tan as Lan Fenghuang
Chen Tianwen as Tian Boguang
Priscelia Chan as Yilin
Zheng Geping as Yue Buqun
Hong Huifang as Ning Zhongze
Natalie Faye as Qiu Xueying
Richard Low as Ren Woxing
Li Haijie as Zuo Lengshan
Huang Shinan as Xiang Wentian
Rayson Tan as Liu Zhengfeng
Liang Weidong as Qu Yang
Huang Wenyong as Lin Zhennan
Huang Shaoting as Lin Zhennan's wife
Hong Peixing as Yu Canghai
Jin Yinji as Mute Granny
Brandon Wong as Lao Denuo
Chen Junguang as Lu Dayou
Li Zhizhou as Mu Gaofeng
Awards
Production
Ann Kok was initially selected to play Yue Lingshan but they rejected the offer. Jacelyn Tay also turned down their role as Dongfang Bubai initially, but retook their role after a telling-off by Steve Ma in the Singaporean media.
References
External links
The Legendary Swordsman on Mediacorp website
Singaporean wuxia television series
Works based on The Smiling, Proud Wanderer
2000 Singaporean television series debuts
2000 Singaporean television series endings
Television series set in Imperial China
Television shows based on works by Jin Yong
Channel 8 (Singapore) original programming
El Batalett, Femmes de la médina (English: The Heroines, Women of the Medina) is a 2000 documentary film directed by Dalila Ennadre. The film has been screened by a number of international film festivals.
Synopsis
The film is set in the heart of the old medina of Casablanca. It follows a group of women who have lived there since their childhood. Together, between laughter and tears, they paint a complex image of the popular Moroccan woman, far from clichés, punctuated by their struggles and by major events such as the death of King Hassan II and the march of women for their rights in March 2000.
References
2000s Arabic-language films
Documentary films about women
Moroccan documentary films
2000 documentary films
Aktenzeichen XY... ungelöst ("Case number XY... unsolved") is a German interactive television programme first broadcast on 20 October 1967 on ZDF. Created by Eduard Zimmermann, it aims to combat and solve crimes. The programme is currently presented by Rudi Cerne. It airs monthly, with 12 episodes in a year, on Wednesday at 8:15 PM.
From March 1968 until December 2002, it was produced in cooperation with the Austrian public service broadcaster ORF and Schweizer Fernsehen, a division of the Swiss public broadcaster SRG SSR, who joined in January 1969 and left in December 2003. The programme was adapted by the BBC as Crimewatch and for the US market as America's Most Wanted. Other adaptations of the format were aired in a number of countries including Ireland, Israel, Italy, Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland and Sweden.
Format
The goal of the programme is to throw light on unsolved offences with the aid of viewers. Each episode contains three to five short films, each lasting about ten minutes, in which a real criminal case is reconstructed. The cases are mostly complex ones in which the criminals and chains of events are still unknown. In addition cases are discussed in the studio in which, for example, the identities of criminals or unknown murder victims are sought with the aid of a photo. Viewers can use the telephone or Internet to give information. According to a study by the programme's editorial department, about forty percent of cases shown on the programme are solved.
History
The creator and first presenter of the programme was Eduard Zimmermann. After the programme's 300th episode they passed the presentership onto Butz Peters, who fronted the show together with Zimmermann's daughter Sabine. Since 18 January 2002 Aktenzeichen XY has been presented by Rudi Cerne.
With Aktenzeichen XY Eduard Zimmermann and ZDF succeeded in starting a TV format that had not existed worldwide until 1967. Although news reports had often shown photofits, an actual independent show of this type was unknown at this time.
The idea came to Zimmermann during their work with the programme (Eng: Beware, Trap!) first broadcast in 1963, in which they warned the viewers of "Nepper, Schlepper und Bauernfänger" (Eng: Scammers, Hustlers and Conmen). The viewers frequently sent them information regarding descriptions of the fraudsters on the programme. This gave them the idea to use the medium of TV to work with the police on unsolved crimes. In a biographical statement Zimmerman also admitted that their motivation for both programmes was partly a personal one; they themselves is a victim of fraud.
Aktenzeichen XY was initially produced in the ZDF studios in Wiesbaden, before moving to the FSM studios in Unterföhring from 1969. From 15 March 1968, the Austrian public broadcaster ORF became a joint producer of Aktenzeichen XY, with a segment focusing on Austria hosted first by Thaddäus "Teddy" Podgorski (de) from 1968 until 1971, then by Peter Nidetzky (de) from 1971 until 2002; which from 24 January 1969 was also joined by Schweizer Fernsehen (SF), with a segment focused on Switzerland hosted firstly by Werner Vetterli from 1969 until 1976, then by Konrad Toenz (de) from 1976 until 1998, and finally Stephan Schifferer from 1998 until 2002.
An attempt to extend Aktenzeichen XY beyond West Germany first took place on 18 July 1969, when ZDF and the Dutch public broadcaster NOS produced a joint episode featuring Dutch journalist Johan van Minnen from a studio in Enschede, with NOS providing simultaneous translations from German to Dutch. That project was however unsuccessful due to language barriers and was abandoned after said broadcast. A more successful attempt took place on 14 July 1972, when the West German branch of the American Forces Network (AFN) took part in a broadcast of Aktenzeichen XY, with simultaneous interpretation into English on AFN TV. The first colour episode of Aktenzeichen XY aired on ZDF on 16 January 1975.
On 8 November 2002, the broadcast of the 350th episode was celebrated, after Aktenzeichen XY had been on the air for 35 years. Eduard Zimmermann was the guest of Rudi Cerne on their own programme, which concerned a several-decades-old crime that had particularly touched them – the Ursula Herrmann kidnapping, about a young girl who was buried alive in a crate for extortion on 15 September 1981 (a case similar to the case of Barbara Jane Mackle. At the time 3,228 cases had been featured on the show, of which 1,182 had been solved. 1,880 people had been sought and 914 of them had been caught. This included 624 murder cases.
In April 2012 the program received international public attention of a somewhat amusing nature when one of its case re-enactment performers, German actor , was erroneously arrested in Stuttgart following their portrayal of a jewel robber in the episode of 14 March 2012 and a call to the police by one of the program's viewers. This misunderstanding was, however, cleared very swiftly.
A 2-hour special episode of Aktenzeichen XY aired on 16 October 2013, dealing with the case of Madeleine McCann, who disappeared in Portugal in 2007 at the age of three. McCann's parents and a Scotland Yard detective were also featured in the broadcast. A record 24.3% audience share was recorded in that episode alone. On 3 June 2020, the Criminal Police Office presented a new suspect on Aktenzeichen XY... ungelöst and made again a public appeal for information relating to the Madeline. The police stated that they received useful information regarding the new suspect in 2013 after the case was first featured on Aktenzeichen XY, but that it took years to find substantial evidence for prosecution, and that they still need more information.
The programme is known for large viewership in all age groups. In 2014, Aktenzeichen XY is still watched by around six million viewers with an audience share by 20%.
Similar formats
In Germany
The private broadcaster Sat.1 and the public broadcaster MDR both produced similar programmes, known as Fahndungsakte (English: Manhunt Files) and Kripo live respectively. Sat.1 cancelled Fahndungsakte in 2000 after three years' run due to low audience figures. MDR has had more success with Kripo Live on air since 1990, which concentrates on Kriminalpolizei. Sat.1 briefly aired a revival of the format, titled , in 2016.
Others include (ORB Fernsehen later RBB Fernsehen, since 1992), Crime! – Der Justizreport (HR-Fernsehen, 2004), Ungeklärte Morde – Dem Täter auf der Spur zeigt (RTL II, 2002–2003 and 2011–2013), (NDR Fernsehen and WDR Fernsehen, 2008–2011; Das Erste, 2018 and its regional versions Maintower kriminalreport (HR, since 2014) and Kriminalreport Südwest (SR Fernsehen, 2018–2019), which was replaced by Vorsicht Verbrechen (SR, since 2019).
Internationally
The format has been sold to several countries, including Great Britain where it has been known as Crimewatch since 1984 and has spawned a number of spin-offs, one of which is still on air (the daytime version) alongside Crime NI, a regional version broadcast monthly in Northern Ireland. Aktenzeichen XY is the first German television format to have entered the American market, where it is known as America's Most Wanted and was originally broadcast from 1988 to 2013 before being revived in 2021.
Other versions include:
Hong Kong (Police Report, 1973–2020; , 1985–1997)
Netherlands (, since 1975; , 2021)
Israel (Crime Investigation, 1986)
Singapore (Crimewatch, since 1986)
Poland (, 1986–2010, since 2017; 997: Fajbusiewicz na tropie, 2013–17)
New Zealand (Crimewatch, 1987–1996; NZI Crimescene, 1997–98)
Italy (, since 1989)
United Kingdom (Crime Monthly (later Crime Weekly), LWT, 1989–1998; Britain's Most Wanted, ITV, 1998–2000; Manhunt – Solving Britain's Crimes, 2006–2007)
Finland ( (originally PTV – suunta 931), 1989–2013)
Brazil (Linha Direta, 1990, 1999–2007)
Norway (I søkelyset, 1990–1991; , 1992–1997; Efterlyst, 1998–2000, 2007–2008; , since 2016)
Sweden (Efterlyst, since 1990)
Hungary (Az XY Akta Megoldatlan, since 1992)
Ireland (Crimeline, 1992–2003; Crimecall, since 2004)
France (, 1993–1996)
India (India's Most Wanted, 1999–2005)
Denmark (, since 2001)
Belgium (, 2008–2013; , since 2013)
Austria (Fahndung Österreich, since 2021)
References
Literature
Ummenhofer, Stefan and Thaidigsmann, Michael: Aktenzeichen XY... ungelöst – Kriminalität, Kontroverse, Kult
External links
zuschauerreaktionen.de Comprehensive fan site
ORF (broadcaster)
ZDF original programming
Non-fiction television series
1967 German television series debuts
1968 Austrian television series debuts
2002 Austrian television series endings
1969 Swiss television series debuts
2003 Swiss television series endings
Law enforcement in Austria
Law enforcement in Germany
Law enforcement in Switzerland
1960s German television series
1970s German television series
1980s German television series
1990s German television series
2000s German television series
2010s German television series
2020s German television series
1960s Austrian television series
1970s Austrian television series
1980s Austrian television series
1990s Austrian television series
2000s Austrian television series
1960s Swiss television series
1970s Swiss television series
1980s Swiss television series
1990s Swiss television series
2000s Swiss television series
German-language television shows
German crime television series
Austrian crime television series
Swiss crime television series
The Arizona Sting are a lacrosse team based in Phoenix, Arizona playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2007 season was the 7th in franchise history and 4th as the Sting (formerly the Columbus Landsharks).
In 2007, the Sting finished 3rd in the west, but defeated both Calgary and San Jose in the playoffs to make it to the Championship game for the second time in three years. The East division champion Rochester Knighthawks won home field advantage but due to scheduling problems in Rochester, the Sting hosted the championship game. The Knighthawks defeated the Sting 13-11 to win their first NLL Championship in ten years.
Regular season
Conference standings
Game log
Reference:
Playoffs
Game log
Reference:
Player stats
Reference:
Runners (Top 10)
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltenders
Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals against; Sv% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average
Awards
Roster
Reference:
See also
2007 NLL season
References
Arizona
William Henry Robinson, Jr. (June 26, 1943 – July 29, 2007) was an American professional baseball outfielder, who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from to , for several teams. They also played some first and third base. Robinson batted and threw right-handed.
After their playing days ended, Robinson moved on to a successful coaching career.  They are cited as having been a key mentor in Darryl Strawberry's career, as well as several other young players they coached with the New York Mets.
Robinson collected three World Series rings, with the Pittsburgh Pirates as a player, and as a coach for both the Mets and Florida Marlins.
Early years
Robinson (Jr.) was born in McKeesport, Pennsylvania to William Sr. and Nellie Mae Robinson. They starred in basketball as well as baseball at Elizabeth Forward High School, and received a basketball scholarship offer from Bradley University. However, Robinson chose baseball over basketball, and signed with the Milwaukee Braves, upon graduation in June, 1961.
Playing career
Atlanta Braves
After six seasons in the Braves' farm system, in which they batted .298, with 69 home runs, and 339 runs batted in (RBI), Robinson made their MLB debut for the newly-relocated Atlanta Braves on September 20, , pinch running for Hank Aaron, and staying in the game in right field. They got their first hit in their first start, September 25, against the Pirates. With the Braves leading 4-2, Robinson hit an RBI single off Al McBean, driving them out of the game. For the season, they collected three hits, including one triple, in eleven at bats, and drove in three runs. Following their only big-league season in Atlanta, Robinson and pitcher Chi-Chi Olivo were dealt to the New York Yankees for third baseman Clete Boyer.
New York Yankees
Robinson impressed upon arrival with their new franchise, receiving the James P. Dawson Memorial Award from Yankees sportswriters for the outstanding rookie in Spring training , and homering in the regular-season opener. Things soon went south for the man who was expected to replace Roger Maris in right field. By the end of the first month of the season, they lost their starting job in right to Steve Whitaker, and was relegated to fourth outfielder duties. Following an 0-for-3 performance against the Kansas City A's on May 31, 1967, Robinson's batting average fell to a season-low .101. By season's end, they did manage to raise their average to .196, with seven home runs, and 29 RBIs.
Robinson remained the Yankees' fourth outfielder throughout , before spending the entire season with the International League Syracuse Chiefs. That offseason, they were dealt to the Chicago White Sox for pitcher Barry Moore.
Philadelphia Phillies
Robinson spent the season in the White Sox organization, batting .275, with fourteen home runs, and 81 RBIs for the AAA Tucson Toros. That December 13, they were dealt to the Phillies for minor league catcher Gerardo Rodriguez. Tearing up the Pacific Coast League with a .304 batting average, twenty home runs, and 66 RBIs, Robinson received a call up to Philadelphia in June . Again a fourth outfielder, Robinson made 82 appearances, and displayed decent power, clubbing eight home runs in 188 at bats.
Robinson's breakthrough came in . Platooning with Mike Anderson in right field, while occasionally playing center and left, and making fourteen appearances at third base, they batted .288, with 25 home runs, and 65 RBIs. However, Robinson's numbers dipped drastically in , and just as the season was set to begin, they were dealt to the Pirates for Wayne Simpson.
Pittsburgh Pirates
During the season, Robinson batted .280, and reached the post season for the first time in their career. They went hitless in two at bats, as the Pirates were swept by Cincinnati's "Big Red Machine" in the 1975 National League Championship Series.
With the superstar outfield of Richie Zisk, Al Oliver, and Dave Parker, Pirates manager Danny Murtaugh experimented with Robinson at third base in despite their limited experience at the position. On June 5, Robinson hit two home runs against San Diego Padres Cy Young Award-winning pitcher Randy Jones. When the game went into extra innings, Robinson hit a third home run in the fourteenth inning off Dave Freisleben.
Between the four positions, Robinson made 416 plate appearances, and batted over .300 with 21 home runs to win the Roberto Clemente Memorial Award from the Pittsburgh sportswriters.
Starting third baseman Richie Hebner signed as a free agent with the Phillies after the season, and Robinson went into Spring training preparing to take over the position. However, shortly into Spring training, the Pirates completed an eight-player trade with the Oakland Athletics that brought Phil Garner to Pittsburgh, with the intention to shifting them from second to third base.
Injuries to teammates kept Robinson in the lineup despite theirs not having a regular position. An injury to Willie Stargell had Robinson playing first base for most of the first half of the season. They responded by batting .305, with ten home runs, and 46 RBIs heading into the All-Star break. Despite these impressive numbers, Robinson's name was kept off the 1977 Major League Baseball All-Star Game ballot, owing largely to theirs not having a regular position. Feeling snubbed, they vowed not to participate in the mid-summer classic at Yankee Stadium even if National League manager Sparky Anderson selected them as a reserve.
Their hot hitting continued after the break. Over the rest of the month of July, Robinson batted .367 with four home runs and seventeen RBIs to pull within a game and a half of the first-place Phillies. For the season, they put up career highs in home runs (26), RBIs (104), batting average (.304) and runs (74).
On December 8, 1977, the Pirates, Mets, Texas Rangers, and Atlanta Braves completed a four-team, eleven-player trade that sent Oliver to the Rangers. This opened up a starting job for Robinson in left field, with John Milner (acquired from the Mets in the same deal) assuming the job of fourth outfielder and backup first baseman. Though their production fell off considerably in , they were third on the Pirates in home runs (14) and RBIs (80) to Parker and Stargell in both cases.
After having finished second to the Phillies in the National League East for the previous three seasons, the "We Are Family" Pirates of engaged in a season-long battle with the Montreal Expos for the division. The season came down to a four-game set at Three Rivers Stadium, September 24 to 26. The Expos came to Pittsburgh a half game up on the Pirates, and kept that half game lead with the split of a doubleheader on the 24th. Robinson was the hitting star of the game one win, with a home run, triple and three RBIs. For the series, they batted .400 to help their team take three of the four games, and capture first place. The Pirates clinched the division to head to the 1979 National League Championship Series against the Cincinnati Reds on the final day of the season. Robinson, who entered the game as a defensive replacement in the sixth inning, singled with the bases loaded in their only at bat to drive in the two deciding runs in the Pirates' 5-3 victory over the Chicago Cubs.
The Pirates exacted some revenge for the 1975 NLCS, this time sweeping the Reds in three games to head to the World Series against the Baltimore Orioles. Robinson went five for nineteen, with two RBIs and two runs scores in the Pirates' stunning come from behind World Series victory.
Prior to the season, Robinson was nearly dealt to the Houston Astros, as they were 36 years old and beginning to show their age. Injuries, and the emergence of Mike Easler as a younger, better option in left, limited Robinson to just 69 starts, mostly at first base. They saw even less action in the strike-shortened season, batting just .216 in twenty starts.
Phillies again
On June 15, , Robinson was traded back to the Phillies, in a three-team deal that landed the Pirates Wayne Nordhagen from the White Sox. Splitting time with George Vukovich and Dick Davis in right field, Robinson performed decently in their limited role, batting .261 with three home runs. Their role diminished further in , and they were released on June 9, with a .143 batting average.
Post-playing career
Shortly after retiring as an active player, Robinson accepted a job as hitting instructor (a title they insisted on being called as opposed to the more common term "batting coach") for incoming manager Davey Johnson's Mets. Their players, most notably second baseman Wally Backman and outfielder Kevin Mitchell, affectionately called them "Uncle Bill."
During their tenure with the team, Robinson also managed the Caracas Lions of the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League, in order to gain experience that would make them a more attractive candidate for MLB teams looking to fill managerial vacancies. After the Mets unceremoniously dropped them following the season, they gave up their managerial dream, and signed to broadcast baseball games for ESPN.
In , Robinson returned to the managing ranks, leading the San Francisco Giants' AA affiliate, the Shreveport Captains to a 77-59 record, and first place in the Texas League's Eastern Division. They also managed the AA Eastern League Reading Phillies in . Robinson also served as a minor league hitting coach for the Yankees and was a minor league coach and manager in the Phillies' farm system.
Death
Robinson died on July 29, 2007, at age 64 in a Las Vegas hotel room; the cause of death is unknown, although they were known to be suffering from diabetes. Robinson had been working as the Los Angeles Dodgers' minor league hitting coordinator, and had been visiting their AAA affiliate Las Vegas 51s, when they died. They were survived by their wife, Mary Alice, a son, and a daughter.
References
External links
Bill Robinson at SABR (Baseball BioProject)
Bill Robinson at Baseball Almanac
Bill Robinson at Baseball Library
Bill Robinson at Ultimate Mets Database
Bill Robinson at Pura Pelota (Venezuelan Professional Baseball League)
Bill Robinson at The Deadball Era
1943 births
2007 deaths
African-American baseball coaches
African-American baseball players
Atlanta Braves players
Atlanta Crackers players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Cardenales de Lara players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Caribbean Series managers
Dublin Braves players
Eau Claire Braves players
Eugene Emeralds players
Florida Instructional League Braves players
Florida Instructional League Yankees players
Florida Marlins coaches
Major League Baseball broadcasters
Major League Baseball hitting coaches
Major League Baseball left fielders
Major League Baseball right fielders
Minor league baseball coaches
New York Mets coaches
New York Yankees players
Sportspeople from McKeesport, Pennsylvania
Philadelphia Phillies players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Reading Phillies managers
Richmond Braves players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Tucson Toros players
Waycross Braves players
Wellsville Braves players
Yakima Braves players
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
Ben Barter (born 16 October 1985) is a New Zealand drummer based in Los Angeles, CA.  They are the touring drummer for Lorde and has also performed with such acts as Broods, Jarryd James, and Passion Pit. They have worked on recordings as a session drummer most notably with Grammy Award winning producer, Joel Little.
Career
Ben Barter got their first drum kit at the age of five and played in their family jazz band and school bands while growing up in Auckland, New Zealand. They began their music career as a member of Auckland power pop band, Kingston in 2005. They released 2 EPs and one full-length album and toured the US, Australia, and Japan. Barter was also a member of New Zealand hip-hop outfit Kidz in Space and toured with alternative hip-hop group No Wyld.
Ben Barter began drumming for Lorde at their first public performance at Galatos' Basement in 2013. They went on to tour with them in support of the breakout Love Club EP and subsequent, highly acclaimed full-length release, Pure Heroine and Melodrama. The international tour included appearances at Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, Lollapalooza, Splendour in the Grass, Osheaga, as well as television performances on Ellen, Later... with Jools Holland, The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, Late Show with David Letterman, the MTV Video Music Awards, the Billboard Music Awards, and the 56th Annual Grammy Awards where Lorde won awards for Song of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance.
After completing the Pure Heroine tour, Barter went on to perform with Broods including an appearance on The Late Late Show with James Corden. They also toured internationally with Australian soul artist Jarryd James which included appearances at the Bonnaroo Music Festival and Lollapalooza. In 2019, they began recording and performing with LA artist Michi. Between touring, Ben does remote drum recording out of their space in Silver Lake and studio sessions for music and film around LA.
They will resume touring with Lorde for their sophomore release beginning with appearances at Coachella and Governors Ball Music Festival.
Ben Barter is known for their hybrid drumming style, mixing electronic and acoustic drums. They play Ludwig Drums, Zildjian cymbals and sticks, and Roland electronics.
They have a solo music project called BB Normal and released their first EP in early 2020.
References
1985 births
Living people
New Zealand drummers
21st-century drummers
The Journal of Pediatric Nursing (also known as JPN) is a peer-reviewed nursing journal publishing evidence-based practice, quality improvement, theory, and research papers on a variety of pediatric nursing topics, covering the life span from birth to adolescence. It is published by Elsevier.
History
The journal was established in 1986, with Dr Cecily L. Betz as its founding editor-in-chief. It is the official journal of the Society of Pediatric Nurses and the Pediatric Endocrinology Nursing Society and its current editor-in-chief is Dr Cecily L. Betz (University of Southern California).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
CINAHL
MEDLINE
PubMed
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2017 impact factor of 1.800.
References
Pediatric nursing journals
Publications established in 1986
Elsevier academic journals
Tu Vida es Mi Vida was Spanish language radio program hosted by award-winning motivational speaker Maria Marín and was produced by Cumulus Media Networks en Español (through Cumulus Media). It has aired on hundreds of Spanish radio affiliates throughout the United States. Tu Vida es Mi Vida came to an end in 2011.
Tu Vida es Mi Vida (Spanish for "Your Life is My Life") is a mix of romantic and inspirational music with various interviews and talk. Each episode explores hot topics relevant for Hispanic women today, including relationships, work, and inspirational stories of women who have achieved their dreams.
External links
ABC Radio en Español on ABC Radio Networks
Westwood One
Spanish radio programs
2011 radio programme endings
Igoshin or Igošins () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Igoshina. It may refer to
Igor Igoshin (born 1970), Russian politician
Konstantīns Igošins (born 1971), Latvian football player
Maksim Igoshin (born 1978), Russian football player
Valentina Igoshina (born 1978), Russian classical pianist
Russian-language surnames
Brajići may refer to:
Brajići, Foča, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brajići, Travnik, , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brajići, Budva, Montenegro
Brajići (Gornji Milanovac), Serbia
Interstate 695 was a 1964-proposed auxiliary Interstate Highway that would have connected Interstate 95 in Southwest Philadelphia, at the Philadelphia International Airport, with I-95 near the Delaware River waterfront near the Benjamin Franklin Bridge. Known as the Cobbs Creek Expressway between SW Philadelphia and Interstate 76 and the Crosstown Expressway between I-76 and the waterfront, I-695 was designed to provide connections to the Philadelphia International Airport and become part of a Center City Loop, with the Crosstown Expressway being the southern section of that loop (Schuylkill was going to be the west section, Vine Street as the north, and Delaware Expressway as the east section).
Route description
I-695 was to begin at I-95 near the Philadelphia International Airport in Philadelphia. The freeway would head north to the east of Darby Creek, crossing into Delaware County near 84th Street. The road would cross Cobbs Creek and continue to the west of the creek, passing through Colwyn and Yeadon before passing near Mount Moriah Cemetery. I-695 would cross back into Philadelphia and turn east, running through West Philadelphia. The freeway would cross the Schuylkill River and intersect with the Schuylkill Expressway (I-76, previously I-676) near Exit 346B. The Cobbs Creek Expressway would end and the Crosstown Expressway would begin, following Grays Avenue up to South Street, where the route would borrow the cut-and-cover design (which is used on the Vine Street and Delaware Expressways) between the South-Bainbridge Street corridor, before ending at an intersection with I-95 (near the current Exit 20).
History
I-695 was first proposed in 1964. The project to build I-695 was cancelled due to residential opposition in both SW Philadelphia, South Philadelphia, and residents of Yeadon, in Delaware County over the proposed Interstate's right-of-way, which would have "cut" their communities in half, and would have spelled an end to Cobbs Creek Park. The money slated for construction of I-695 went to the purchase of buses and trains for SEPTA, and for the construction of the Airport Line connecting Amtrak's Northeast Corridor with the Philadelphia International Airport.
Exit list
Exits were going to be located at these locations:
See also
References
External links
I-695 on Kurumi.com
Pennsylvania Highways: I-695
The Roads of Metro Philadelphia: Cobbs Creek Expressway (I-695) (unbuilt)
The Roads of Metro Philadelphia: Crosstown Expressway (I-695) (unbuilt)
I-95 Construction in Center City Philadelphia on Pennways.com
95-6 (Pennsylvania)
95-6
95-6
6 (Pennsylvania)
95-6 (Pennsylvania)
Transportation in Philadelphia
Transportation in Delaware County, Pennsylvania
Élie Antoine Octave Lignier (25 February 1855, in Pougy – 19 March 1916, in Caen) was a French botanist, known for their work in the field of paleobotany.
From 1880 to 1887 they worked as assistant to Charles Eugène Bertrand at the University of Lille. They obtained their doctorate in sciences at Paris, and from 1887 gave lectures in botany at the University of Caen. In 1889 they received the title of professor, and from 1896 served as director of the botanical garden at Caen.
 They are known for their pioneer research of what would become known as the "telome theory", a concept involving the evolutionary history of land plants. The fungus genera Ligniera (Maire & A.Tison, 1911; family Plasmodiophoraceae) and Lignieria (A.Chev.; family Melastomataceae, now a synonym of Dissotis ), commemorate their name.
Selected works
La Graine et le fruit des Calycanthées, 1891 – The seed and the fruit of Calycanthaceae.
Végétaux fossiles de Normandie (7 parts 1894–1913) – Fossil plants of Normandy.
Essai sur l'évolution morphologique du Règne végétal, 1909 – Essay on the morphological evolution of the plant kingdom.
References
1855 births
1916 deaths
People from Aube
University of Caen Normandy faculty
Paleobotanists
19th-century French botanists
20th-century French botanists
In Greek mythology, Helicaon or Helikaon (Ancient Greek: Ἑλικάων) was a Trojan warrior and son of the elder Antenor and the priestess Theano. They were the brother of Crino,including Acamas, Agenor, Antheus, Archelochus, Coön, Demoleon, Eurymachus, Glaucus, Iphidamas, Laodamas, Laodocus, Medon, Polybus, and Thersilochus.
Helicaon's wife Laodice, daughter of Priam, fell in love with Acamas.
Eponym
30942 Helicaon, Jovian asteroid
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. ISBN 0-674-99135-4. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Dictys Cretensis, from The Trojan War. The Chronicles of Dictys of Crete and Dares the Phrygian translated by Richard McIlwaine Frazer, Jr. (1931-). Indiana University Press. 1966. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Homer, The Iliad with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, Ph.D. in two volumes. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1924. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Homer, Homeri Opera in five volumes. Oxford, Oxford University Press. 1920. . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Publius Vergilius Maro, Aeneid. Theodore C. Williams. trans. Boston. Houghton Mifflin Co. 1910. Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Publius Vergilius Maro, Bucolics, Aeneid, and Georgics. J. B. Greenough. Boston. Ginn & Co. 1900. Latin text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Tzetzes, John, Allegories of the Iliad translated by Goldwyn, Adam J. and Kokkini, Dimitra. Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library, Harvard University Press, 2015.
Trojans
People of the Trojan War
Characters in Greek mythology
Rowena is an unincorporated community in Redwood County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
History
Rowena was laid out in 1902. The community was named after the character Lady Rowena from Walter Scott's novel Ivanhoe.
References
Unincorporated communities in Redwood County, Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. John's, Newfoundland () is an archdiocese of the Roman Catholic Church based in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. It is the Metropolitan see of the Ecclesiastical Province of St. John's, which also includes the suffragan dioceses of Grand Falls, and Corner Brook and Labrador. The current archbishop is Peter Hundt. The Archdiocese of St. John's is the oldest Roman Catholic ecclesiastical jurisdiction in English-speaking North America.
History
The future Archdiocese of St. John's was established 30 May 1784 as Catholics in Newfoundland gradually gained religious liberty, made explicit by a public declaration by Governor John Campbell. After a request from Irish merchants in St. John's to Bishop William Egan, Bishop of Waterford and Lismore, James Louis O'Donel was appointed Prefect Apostolic of Newfoundland, as a pre-diocesan jurisdiction entitled to a titular bishop and exempt, i.e., directly subject to the Holy See, not part of any ecclesiastical province. In addition to O'Donel's personal popularity, one of their qualifications for the position was an ability to preach in Gaelic.
It was promoted to a Vicariate Apostolic on 5 January 1796 and on 4 June 1847 was elevated to diocese.
In 1904, St. John's was elevated to an archdiocese and presently contains 40 parishes, 39 active diocesan priests, 33 religious priests, and 120,135 Catholics. It also has 220 Women Religious, and 42 Religious Brothers.
Sex abuse scandals
For decades, the Archdiocese of St. John's has been tied to sex abuse scandals. In July 2020, Rev. Peter Power, who was originally from the Archdiocese of Toronto, was charged with charges of sexual touching, sexual assault and committing an indecent act involving two teenaged boys, aged 18 and 16 years old at a residence in a small Newfoundland community earlier in the year. Though officially retired, Power was still occasionally active in Catholic ministry when they relocated to Newfoundland. The same month, the Court of Appeal of Newfoundland and Labrador unanimously reversed a 2018 Canadian Supreme ruling and ruled that the Archdiocese of St. John's was liable for the sexual abuse committed at the Mount Cashel Orphanage in the 1950s and 1960s.
Bishops
Prefecture Apostolic of Newfoundland
Vicariate Apostolic of Newfoundland
Diocese of Newfoundland
Diocese of St. John's, Newfoundland
Archdiocese of St. John's, Newfoundland
Coadjutor bishops
Patrick Lambert, O.F.M. Ref. (1805-1807) as Coadjutor Vicar Apostolic
Thomas Scallan, O.F.M. Ref.(1815-1816) as Coadjutor Vicar Apostolic
Michael Anthony Fleming, O.F.M. Ref. (1829-1830) as Coadjutor Vicar Apostolic
John Thomas Mullock, O.F.M. Ref. (1847-1850)
Thomas John Flynn (1945-1949), did not succeed to the see
Auxiliary bishop
Thomas Francis Brennan (1893-1905)
Patrick James Skinner, C.I.M. (1950-1951), appointed Archbishop here
Other priests of this diocese who became bishops
Michael Fintan Power, appointed Bishop of Saint George's, Newfoundland in 1911
Henry Thomas Renouf, appointed Bishop of Saint George's, Newfoundland in 1920
Raymond John Lahey, appointed Bishop of Saint George's, Newfoundland in 1986
Bibliography
Archdiocese of St. John's, Newfoundland page at catholichierarchy.org retrieved July 14, 2006
Newfoundland Biographies - Newfoundland History retrieved November 30, 2007
References
External links
Basilica Heritage Foundation website
Culture of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador
Tihomil Beritić (24 June 1919 – 6 April 1999) was a Croatian physician. Born in Herceg Novi, they graduated from the School of Medicine, University of Zagreb in 1943, where they obtained their Ph.D. in 1980. Their research focus was hematology and toxicology. They spent most of their career at the Institute for Medical Research and Occupational Health in Zagreb as the founder and head of the Occupational Disease Department. They were also a long-time editor of professional journals Liječnički vjesnik and Arhiv za higijenu rada i toksikologiju.
Beritić was primarily engaged in toxicology research of heavy metals, especially lead poisoning. They studied the effects of lead poisoning on the nervous system and kidneys, as well as therapeutic treatments for lead poisoning.
They proved that the lead neuropathy is a motor neuron disease. Beritić was a full member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts, and the chairperson of its Allergology Committee. They were an honorary president of the Croatian Toxicological Society.
Beritić and their mother, Djina-Gertruda, were named among the Righteous among the Nations in 1994 for having sheltered a Jewish child during World War II.
References
1919 births
1999 deaths
Croats of Montenegro
Croatian medical researchers
Croatian toxicologists
Members of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts
Croatian Righteous Among the Nations
People from Herceg Novi
School of Medicine, University of Zagreb alumni
Place of death missing
Yugoslav physicians
Howard (Chaim) Jachter is an American Orthodox rabbi, Dayan (rabbinical court judge), educator, and author. They sit on the Beth Din of Elizabeth, New Jersey as a Dayan and Get (Jewish divorce) administrator. Noted as an expert on the laws of Jewish divorce, they also chair the Agunah Prevention and Resolution Committee of the Rabbinical Council of America. Rabbi Jachter is also the consulting rabbi for over 60 Eruvs across the United States. They serve as the Rabbi of Sha'arei Orah, the Sephardic Congregation of Teaneck, and is a faculty member at the Torah Academy of Bergen County (TABC). Author of eleven books and hundreds online and journal articles, they write and lectures extensively on contemporary topics in Jewish law and thought.He has 5 beautiful kids including a daughter named Atara.
Early life and education
Howard (Chaim) Jachter was born to Ben and Shirley Jachter and grew up in Brooklyn, New York. For elementary and middle school, they attended Yeshiva Rambam, and Marsha Stern Talmudical Academy for high school. Afterward, young Howard went to Yeshivat Har Etzion where they learned directly from Rav Aharon Lichtenstein for 2 years. They earned their bachelor's and master's degrees at Yeshiva University and their rabbinical ordination from Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary. There they learned under and was Shamash to Rav Joseph B. Soloveitchik near the end of their life.
Career
In the early 1990s Jachter served as an associate rabbi in Congregation Beth Judah, Brooklyn, while studying for their rabbinical ordination. In 1993 they joined the rabbinical court of Elizabeth, New Jersey as a Dayan and Get (Jewish divorce) administrator.  They are also certified as a Get administrator by the Chief Rabbinate of Israel and given a letter of certification from Rav Ovadia Yosef. By 2008, Jachter estimated they had overseen more than 2,000 Jewish divorces. They chair the Agunah Prevention and Resolution Committee of the Rabbinical Council of America. In 2015 Jachter testified in a U.S. district court case involving an attack on a Jewish man who had refused to give their wife a get.
 They are a strong proponent of civil prenuptial agreements, which avoid the issues created if the husband refuses to give a Get. Jachter requires every couple they marry to sign the RCA prenuptial agreement. They and their wife, Malca, signed the RCA prenuptial agreement before their own wedding.
Jachter is the Rabbi of Sha'arei Orah, the Sephardic Congregation of Teaneck.  They are also a community Eruv designer who has advised dozens of American Jewish communities in the construction and maintenance of their Eruvs.
Jachter joined the faculty of the Torah Academy of Bergen County, a Yeshiva high school, in 1995. In tandem with their teaching duties, they serve as faculty advisor for the school's weekly Torah publication, Kol Torah, to which they also contribute articles on Halakha topics. These articles formed the basis for their books Gray Matter, Gray Matter 2, Gray Matter 3, Gray Matter 4, and Reason to Believe: Rational Explanations of Orthodox Jewish Faith. Jachter also established and serves as director of the TABC alumni foundation.
Jachter has also written 2 books on Tanakh, Depths of Yonah, written with their son, Binyamin, and From David to Destruction. These books discuss questions and lessons to be learned from the books of Jonah and Kings, respectively.
In 2020, Jachter wrote a book on the Halakhot of Eruvin, Walking the Line: Hilchot Eruvin from the Sources from the Streets, which made it to #2 for all Jewish Books listed on Amazon.
Another 2 books by Jachter were published in 2021. The first, The Halachic Haircutting Handbook: A Breakthrough Exposure of an Obscure Mitzvah, was once again coauthored with their son, Binyamin. The Jachters, in this book, go through all of the sources, from the Biblical and Talmudic texts to modern technology and patents. The second was the next installment of Jachter's books on Tanakh, Opportunity in Exile: An In-Depth Exploration of Sefer Daniel, focused on understanding the texts and lessons from the Book of Daniel.
In the first month of 2022, Jachter published yet another book, Bridging Traditions: Demystifying Differences Between Sephardic and Ashkenazic Jews, published by the OU Press and printed by Koren Publishers, under their Maggid sub-brand. This has been the longest worked on project Jachter has put out yet. The writing of Bridging Traditions started over 5 years before publication with research starting well before writing. Bridging Traditions uses Jachter's unique position as a Sephardic pulpit Rabbi, who was tested by Rav Ovadiah Yosef, but is themselves Ashkenaz and studied from great Ashkenazi leaders, such as Rav Yosef Dov Soloveitchik and Rav Aharon Lichtenstein, to truly make connections between the two Jewish traditions in a clear and understandable fashion.
Articles and lectures
Jachter writes on a wide variety of contemporary topics in Jewish law, among them the use of electricity on Shabbat, infertility, and owning pets. Their many columns and lectures on topics in Halakha, Aggadah, and Tanakh are available online at www.koltorah.org, www.yutorah.org, and jewishlink.news.
Jachter's Gray Matter book series discusses contemporary halakhic issues that have arisen during their career with the Beth din and RCA. Gray Matter (2000), for example, discusses the aspects of forcing a man to give a get, while Gray Matter 3 (2008) presents the issue of Mamzerim (halakhically illegitimate children). Reason to Believe discusses both the Modern Orthodox and Haredi viewpoints on conflicts between Torah and scientific knowledge.
Personal life
Jachter married Malca Tokayer in 1995. They have five children and reside in Teaneck, New Jersey.
Bibliography
Jachter, Rabbi Chaim; Jachter, Binyamin (2018). Depths of Yonah: Unleashing the Power of Your Yom Kippur.
Jachter, Rabbi Chaim (2019). From David to Destruction: Mining Essential Lessons from Sefer Melachim.
Jachter, Rabbi Chaim (2020). Walking the Line: Hilchot Eruvin from the Sources to the Streets.
References
Sources
External links
"Giving a Get" Jewish Standard, February 11, 2016
Rabbi Jachter's Halachah Files on KolTorah.com
Rabbi Jachter's lectures on YUTorah.org
Shaarei Orah, The Sephardic Congregation of Teaneck
Agunot
American Orthodox rabbis
Living people
Yeshiva University alumni
Rabbi Isaac Elchanan Theological Seminary semikhah recipients
Yeshivat Har Etzion
People from Brooklyn
People from Teaneck, New Jersey
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American Jews
Barzakh (Arabic: برزخ, from Persian Barzakh, "limbo, barrier, partition" is an Arabic word meaning "obstacle", "hindrance", "separation", or "barrier") in Islam designates a place separating the living from the hereafter or a phase/"stage" between an individual's death and their resurrection in "the Hereafter".
Some scholars believe that good Muslims will have a heavenly experience during this time, and sinners will experience suffering; while some Shia scholars believe the experience will not be like the physical pain or pleasure of the temporal world.
Some scholars have different definitions of Barzakh. According to Ghazali, Barzakh may also be the place for those, who go neither to hell nor to heaven. According to Ibn Hazm, Barzakh is also the place for the unborn souls, existing in the lowest heaven, where an angel blows the soul into wombs.
Etymology
The Arabic word Barzakh is derived from the Middle Persian Barzag, "barrier, partition", which is in its turn traced back to the Parthian combination burz+ax(v) ("high existence"), similar to the Persian word for hell, dūzakh < dūž+ax(v) ("evil existence").
Quran and hadith
Mentioned only three times in the Quran, and just once specifically as the barrier between the corporeal and ethereal, Barzakh is portrayed as a place in which, after death, the spirit is separated from the body – freed to contemplate the wrongdoing of its former life. Despite the gain of recognizance, it cannot utilize action. The other two occurrences refer to Barzakh as an impenetrable barrier between fresh and salt water. While fresh and salt water may intermingle, an ocean remains distinct from a river.
In hadith, Ibn al-Qayyim cites that, albeit not mentioned in the Quran, souls in Al-Barzakh would be grouped with others matching in purity or impurity.
Significance of body and soul separation
In Islam, the soul and the body are independent of each other. This is significant in Barzakh, because only a person's soul goes to Barzakh and not their physical body. Since one's soul is divorced from their body in Barzakh, the belief is that no progress or improvements to one's past life can be made. If a person experienced a life of sin and worldly pleasures, one cannot try to perform good deeds in order to reach Jannah. Whatever one does in their or their lifetime is final and cannot be changed or altered in Barzakh. However, there is belief that the fire which represents the own bad deeds can already be seen in Barzakh, and that the spiritual pain caused by this can lead to purification of the soul.
Interpretations
In mainstream Sunni and Shia Islam, Barzakh has been defined as "is an intermediary stage between this life and another life in the Hereafter"; "an interval or a break between individual death and resurrection"; "The Stage Between this World and the Hereafter"; the period between a person's death and their resurrection on the Day of Resurrection.
Based in least in part on the verse "Before them is a Partition till the Day they are raised up." (Q.23:100) Some scholars believe that good Muslims will have a heavenly experience during this time, and sinners will experience suffering; while some Shia scholars believe there is no experience of physical pain or pleasure in Barzakh.
Mainstream scholarly discourse
Some Muslim scholars stress the importance of Barzakh, while others simply ignore it.
Modern Muslim thinkers de-emphasize Barzakh, and focus instead on a person's individual life and the Day of Judgment. In this view, the state of Barzakh is simply looked past and skipped once a person dies.
Muslim scholars who do believe in Barzakh still have varying interpretations of this intermediate state based on different traditions. Some traditions suggest that a person's deeds in their life will affect their experience in Barzakh. In these traditions, the state known as "Azaabul-Qabr," will be one where a person is punished for their or their deeds in their past life. While those in a second state known as "Tan'eemu Ahlit-Taa'ah Fil Qabr," will receive the blessings and bounties of Allah because of their or their faith and good deeds. Other traditions suggest that people in Barzakh are given temporary bodies. In this view, a person is either given a bright body or a dark body. These bodies are believed to be prepared from either the light or darkness of their deeds. If a person is given a bright body then this indicates that a person will go to heaven, while a dark body represents hell. In these traditions, Muslim scholars believe that once a person is given their body in Barzakh, they will already know their fate for the Day of Judgment. It is worth noting that in these traditions where Muslim scholars believe in Barzakh, they are basically saying that a person will be familiar with their or their fate prior to the Day of Judgment. This is based on what a person experiences in this intermediate state.
Al-Ghazālī states, "After the First Blast, all created beings shall abide for forty (it is unknown if it is a year or month or etc.) in the Intermediate Realm barzakh. Then shall God quicken Seraphiel, and command them to deliver the Second Blast, as They have said (Exalted is He!): Then shall it be blown again, and lo! they stand, beholding : they shall be on their feet, watching the Resurrection."
Al-Zamakhshari explains Barzakh to mean hā'il, "an obstacle." Their adaptation of the meaning of the word coincides with mentions of Barzakh in Quran 25:53.
Abdullah Yusuf Ali referred to a Barzakh state as a "quiescent state." The soul lies in a resting state until Yawm al-Qiyāmah.
Sufism
In Sufism the Barzakh or Alam-e-Araf is not only where the human soul resides after death but it is also a place that the soul can visit during sleep and meditation.
Ibn 'Arabi defines Barzakh as the intermediate realm or "isthmus". It is between the World of Corporeal Bodies and the World of Spirits, and is a means of contact between the two worlds. Without it, there would be no contact between the two and both would cease to exist. It is described as simple and luminous, like the World of Spirits, but also able to take on many different forms just like the World of Corporeal Bodies can. In broader terms Barzakh, “is anything that separates two things”. It has been described as the dream world in which the dreamer is in both life and death.
Barzakh can also refer to a person. Chronologically between Jesus and Mohammad is the contested Prophet Khalid. Ibn 'Arabi considers this man to be a “Barzakh” or the Perfect Human Being. Chittick explains that the Perfect Human acts as the Barzakh or "isthmus" between God and the world. Ibn 'Arabi's story of Prophet Khalid is a story of Perfect Human being.
Khalid's story is of a Prophet whose message never emerged because before they died, they told their sons to open their tomb forty days after their death to receive the message of Barzakh. The sons, however, feared they would be looked down upon for opening their dead father's tomb, therefore they decided not to exhume their father. Thus, their message was never shared. An Ottoman scholar explained that for Khalid to give the knowledge of Barzakh they would have to travel through the different worlds and then return, but because they were not exhumed, their message was never heard. Ibn 'Arabi explains that because this mission ended in failure, it does not conflict with The Prophet Mohammed's statement: “I am nearest of men to Jesus son of Mary, for there is no prophet between them and me."
Shia
The idea of Barzakh in Shia is significant though in a perspective and manner different from Sufism. The Prophet and Shia Imams, particularly the 6th Imam – Imam Jafar As-Sadiq, have explained through various hadiths the treatment, condition, processes, and other intricate details regarding the passage of Barzakh. In Shia theology, there are seven checkpoints in Barzakh. The first being kindness/trust/wilayah. Second is salaat. Third is zakaat/khums. Fourth is fasting. Fifth is hajj. Sixth is cleanliness. Seventh is rights. It is believed that the terms and conditions to understand Barzakh are limited in scope and full comprehension because it is Shia's belief that it is incomprehensible, to a certain degree, until one actually reaches the realm beyond our physical world. A common analogy used is that of a baby in the womb. Just as the baby cannot possibly begin to understand the vast outside world until they experience it for themselves, we cannot hope to understand what Barzakh entails until we transition there ourselves. Though despite this obstacle, the Shia Imams, as cited through various sayings, have explained Barzakh to a significant degree as compared to other sects within Islam.
Contemporary interpretations and uses
The term has also found its way into more contemporary, non-religious sectors of life. At least three bands have adopted the name Barzakh, including an Indonesian Jakarta black metal band, a Tunisian oriental metal band and Naqash Ali Shawkat band. Additionally, Barzakh was used as the title of a 2011 documentary following citizens of a war-torn Chechen community searching for a lost friend who they believe may have transitioned from our physical world to the realm of Barzakh.
Barzakh and Christian purgatory
According to the belief of some Christians (mostly Catholics), purgatory is an intermediate state after physical death for expiatory purification. This is a temporary place, similar to Barzakh. Because they have this in common, some believe that they are the same idea or concept. Barzakh is actually closer to the idea of limbo, a place that is between life and the true afterlife. In this place, people await their final judgment, much like some definitions of Barzakh. The Quranic idea of aʿrāf (“the heights”) is closer to that of Christian purgatory. Aʿrāf is also thought of as a place where souls go whose good and bad deeds are too evenly matched to go directly to Paradise or the Fire.
See also
Araf
Bardo
Intermediate state
Malakut
Matarta in Mandaeism
Punishment of the Grave
Sheol
Siahat-e Gharb
References
25. http://www.alim.org/library/quran/AlQuran-tafsir/MDD/47/26
Further reading
Archer, George (2017). A Place Between Two Places: The Qurʾānic Barzakh. Gorgias Press: Piscataway, NJ. .
Corbin, Henry (1977). Spiritual Body and Celestial Earth: From Mazdean Iran to Shi'ite Iran. Princeton University Press.
Islamic eschatology
Afterlife places
Islamic cosmology
Islamic terminology
Limbo
The Ecological Society of America (ESA) is a professional organization of ecological scientists. Based in the United States and founded in 1915, ESA publications include peer-reviewed journals, newsletters, fact sheets, and teaching resources. It holds an annual meeting at different locations in the USA and Canada. In addition to its publications and annual meeting, ESA is engaged in public policy, science, education and diversity issues.
ESA's 9,000 members are researchers, educators, natural resource managers, and students in over 90 countries. Members work on a wide range of topics, from agroecology to marine diversity and explore the relationships between organisms and their past, present, and future environments. The Society has over 20 topical sections and seven regional chapters.
History
The first discussions on the formation of the Society took place in 1914 in the lobby of the Hotel Walton in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, at a meeting of animal and plant ecologists organized by Henry Chandler Cowles. On December 28, 1915, in Columbus, Ohio, at the meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science, a group of about 50 people voted to form the Ecological Society of America, adopted a constitution, and set the next meeting. Dr. Victor E. Shelford of the University of Illinois served as the first president.
The Society was founded to unify the science of ecology, stimulate research in all aspects of the discipline, encourage communication among ecologists, and promote the responsible application of ecological data and principles to the solution of environmental problems. The Society has grown to 10,000 members worldwide.
In the 1940s, the Society decided that it should focus on research and not pursue an activist or political focus on ecological preservation, leading Shelford to found what became The Nature Conservancy.
Divisions
The Public Affairs Office works to engage in environmental and science policy, share ecological science with the media and the public, and to inform the ecological community about opportunities to participate in public policy or media interactions. ESA's Rapid Response Team experts play a key role in these activities, serving as a resource for ESA, policymakers, and the media.
The Science Programs Office promotes the continued development of ecological science and its integration into decision-making and education, linking the ecological research and management communities.
The Education and Diversity Programs Office works to increase diversity within ecology-related professions, to engage the public in a dialogue on ecological research and issues, and to improve the quality of ecology education at all levels.
ESA Journals – The Society publishes the scientific, peer-reviewed journals Ecology, Ecological Monographs, Ecological Applications, Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment, and most recently added, Ecosphere. Madhusudan Katti is the Executive Editor of the quarterly Bulletin of the Ecological Society of America. Among others, research featured in ESA's journals has included articles on white-nose syndrome in bats, marine protected areas, migration systems of New World birds, the indirect ecological effects between parasitoid wasps and rhizobacteria, and the range expansion of cougars.
Online communications
Blog
EcoTone is a blog produced by the Ecological Society of America. The blog showcases ecology and ecologists, focusing on ecological science in the news and its use in policy and education. EcoTone welcomes guest submissions and suggestions of timely, relevant news of importance to the broad ecological community.
Podcasts
Beyond the Frontier - features interviews with the authors of selected articles appearing in recent print issues of the ESA journal Frontiers in Ecology and the Environment. Beyond the Frontier also aspires to make the subject matter accessible and interesting to listeners from a variety of scientific disciplines, and to non-specialists as well. Listeners are encouraged to continue the discussion online, using the “add comment” functionality underneath each podcast to post their own thoughts and ideas.
The Ecologist Goes to Washington - features the stories and reflections of scientists who have engaged their local, state, or federal governments in addressing the broader implications of their research.
Field Talk - features the field experiences of ecologists including interviews exploring the work of those who have published in the Society's journals.
Membership
Membership of this Society consists of persons and institutions interested in ecology and in the promotion of ecological research. The following classes of members are recognized: Regular members, Student members, Life members, Emeritus members, and Institutional members.
Officers and elections
The officers are the President, the Vice President for Science, the Vice President for Public Affairs, the Vice President for Finance, the Vice President for Education and Human Resources, and the Secretary.
The President serves consecutive one-year terms as President-elect, President, and Past President. A member may hold the office of President for only one term, in addition to such time as may be served filling the office following the death or resignation of a President.
The Vice Presidents and the Secretary serve three-year terms and are eligible for reelection for up to one additional term. The terms of the Vice Presidents and the Secretary shall be overlapping so that no more than two of these officers shall normally be elected in any given year.
The officers and other positions filled by Society elections are selected by electronic ballot. The official terms of the officers commence with the close of the Annual Meeting and continue until their successors assume office. Only Regular, Student, and Life members are eligible to hold office in the Society. No employee or member of the immediate family of an employee of the Society may be nominated for or hold elected office within the Society.
Governing Board
The Governing Board consists of the President, the President-elect, the Past President, the four Vice Presidents, the Secretary, and three Members-at-Large.
The three Members-at-Large are elected by the voting membership for two-year terms, with generally no more than two being elected in any one year.
The President chairs the Governing Board and the Council and presides at their meetings. In the President's absence, the President-elect presides; if the President-elect is also not present, the Past President presides, and if the Past President is also not present, the Governing Board shall elect a Chair from among those members of the Governing Board who are present.
See also
Conservation biology
Conservation movement
Ecology
Ecology movement
Environmental movement
Environmental protection
Scientific societies
References
External links
Professional associations based in the United States
Biology societies
Ecology organizations
Scientific societies based in the United States
Organizations established in 1915
Sands of Silence: Waves of Courage is a 2016 documentary film that addresses the spectrum of sexual violence, from child sexual abuse and clergy abuse to rape and sex trafficking. It was directed, written and produced by filmmaker Chelo Alvarez-Stehle.
Synopsis
After dedicating more than 15 years to expose the underworld of sexual exploitation and trafficking in Asia and the Americas, the international journalist Chelo Alvarez-Stehle finds themselves in the need to return to the beach in the Basque Country that tarnished their childhood, in order to reveal family secrets. In 1998, while working with survivors of sex trafficking in Asia, Chelo met the Nepalese Charimaya ("Anu") Tamang, who had been kidnapped at the foot of the Himalayas and taken as a sex-slave to a Mumbai brothel. Ten years later, they meet Virginia Isaías, a Mexican resident in California that was kidnapped and forced into prostitution by a trafficking ring in Chiapas, Mexico. When Virginia manages to free themselves from their captors, the viewer is fascinated by their uplifting evolution into an exemplary leader against slavery today. Inspired by the courage of Anu and Virginia, Chelo decides to deepen their unwavering passion to expose these types of stories. Hence, a parallel journey of introspection is born that breaks the silence about sexual abuse in their family and in their own life.
Release
In July 2017, the film was presented at the High Level Political Forum on Sustainable Development at the United Nations in New York.
On the occasion of the 2017 International Day for the Elimination of the Violence against Woman, the film was presented at the European Parliament at an event hosted by the Progressive Alliance of Socialist and Democrats (S&D) and PES Women (Party of European Socialist).
The film was broadcast on RTVE Spain's public television broadcast in 2017.
In 2018, Patt Morrison of the Los Angeles Times, moderated a screening and Q&A of the film at the Los Angeles Press Club.
Argentina's Theatrical release of Sands of Silence in August 2019. The film was presented at universities in various continents: Yale, UCLA Law School and NYU, Oxford, Barcelona, Brisbane and Hiroshima.
Sands of Silence had its U.S. broadcast premiere on the WORLD Channel and PBS Stations on Sept. 27, 2020.
Reception
The jury of the 59th SoCal Journalism Awards of Southern California, composed by members of the Los Angeles Press Club and the Washington DC Press Club commented: “A moving, poignant documentary of women learning to deal with the physiological and psychological stresses of abuse".
After its premiere in Spain, the host of RTVE Antonio Gárate called the film "touching ... shocking ... fascinating", during an interview in March 2017 to director Chelo Álvarez-Stehle and the protagonist, Virginia Isaias, trafficking survivor and founder of the Foundation of Human Traffic Survivors in California.
Voice of America: "A major effort is under way in California to fight the problem... As the documentary Sands of Silence currently in production and the [SOS_SLAVES] online game to educate young people that Alvarez-Stehle is developing".
Forbes magazine acknowledged the film's use of new technologies: “...Sands of Silence utilizes technology in a way that brings voice to the victims and survivors of sexual abuse and encourages audiences to take steps toward ending the culture of silence and stigma".
According to Ms. (magazine) "Alvarez-Stehle delves into the devastating and long-lasting impact of this violence, showing how childhood experiences of abuse make women vulnerable to future violence, and the ways girls and women are silenced or encouraged to deny the impact of this violence."
El Mundo daily: “Sands of Silence closes a circle: the cruel trafficking and the daily abuse, the far away and the close by, the denounced and the silent”.
El País daily called it “An invitation to break the silence".
Film critic Julie Casper Roth of Agnès Films Review analyzes: “Alvarez-Stehle... never provokes a quick response from their characters or makes a premature cut to a new scene. This establishes a visual and emotional intimacy between the viewer and the subject”.
Japanese feminist magazine Josei Tembo, published by the ICHIKAWA Fusae Center for Women and Governance, featured the film's in their cover after its Tokyo premiere.
Pablo Arahuete's critique for CineFreaks says [in Spanish] that "… a testimony of enormous courage and self-reference that quickly escapes the shortcut of the first-person catharsis. The film questions how the environments surrounding abuse interact among them once the invisible layer that covers and conceals truths, emotions and traumas that crawl over time, and last lifetime, is removed”
Awards
2020 - Malvinas Award - Festival del Cinema Latinoamericano di Trieste, Italy.
2018 - Women's Struggles and Rights Award - Porto Femme International Film Festival, Portugal.
2017 - Best Documentary Feature. 59th Southern California Journalism Awards - Los Angeles Press Club.
2017 - Best Documentary Humanitarian Award - TheWIFTS (Women's Intl. Film and Television Showcase). Hollywood, California.
2017 - Best Documentary Nomination. 32nd Imagen Awards, Beverly Hills, California.
2017 - Second Winner. Fada Cultural Award to works on sexual abuse, Barcelona, Spain.
2017 - Best International Documentary Honorable Mention. Festival Brasil de Cinema Internacional. Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
2017 - Best Documentary and Golden Iguana. Guayaquil International Film Festival. Ecuador.
2016 - Best Documentary Film. Malibu International Film Festival, California.
2016 - Audience Award. Malibu International Film Festival, California.
2016 - First Prize and Silver Biznaga (Affirming the Rights of Women). Málaga Film Festival. Spain.
References
External links
2016 documentary films
2016 films
American documentary films
Autobiographical documentary films
Documentaries about child abuse
2010s educational films
Films about Catholic priests
Films about journalism
Films about sexual abuse
Films shot in California
Films shot in Mexico
Films shot in Nepal
Films shot in Spain
Documentary films about human rights
2010s Spanish-language films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
American educational films
Peter Maurice Sydney Gedge (18 May 1910 – 27 February 1993) was a Scottish teacher and rugby union player. They were capped once for in 1933.
Early life
Peter Gedge was born on 18 May 1910 in York to Henry Theodore Sydney Gedge, a clergyman originally from Kilburn in North London and their wife Frances, originally from Grantham in Lincolnshire. They had two brothers and a sister.
Rugby union career
Gedge made their only international appearance on 1 April 1933 at Lansdowne Road in the Ireland vs Scotland match which Scotland won 8–6 to win the Home Nations Championship and Triple Crown. They played due to an injury to another player. They were a regular for Edinburgh Wanderers before moving to Tiverton to take up a teaching position in the late 1930s. They also represented the city in Inter-City games against Glasgow.
In the summer of 1933 they toured Canada and the United States as a member of the Cambridge Vandals combined cricket and rugby union team. They played in all nine rugby games, winning eight and drawing one, scoring three tries and kicking one drop goal. This was the first ever rugby tour of either country by a British side. They did not play in any of the cricket matches.
Their father, Henry Gedge, was also capped at rugby for Scotland.
Personal life and family
Peter was educated at Cambridge University and was a master at Blundell's School before the second World War and principal at Cirencester Grammar School from 1945 to 1950. They were also an active player with Cirencester Cricket Club.
They married Isabel Robertson in 1938 before serving in the Green Howards during the Second World War. They were discharged with the rank of Major, having received injuries in 1944.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.). The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1910 births
1993 deaths
Rugby union players from York
Rugby union wings
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Caroline de Maupeou née Koechlin (1836 – 1915) was a French painter.
They were born in Mulhouse and was trained by Léon Bonnat and Charles Chaplin. They married Count René de Maupeou on 15 February 1855 in Mulhouse. They exhibited their work in Paris at the Salon des Artistes Français from 1878 to 1889. Them painting Girl of Bohemia was included in the 1905 book Women Painters of the World.
References
External links
Caroline de Maupeou on artnet
1836 births
1915 deaths
19th-century French painters
French women painters
19th-century French women artists
20th-century French painters
20th-century French women artists
Hamid Yar Hiraj is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013. They currently serve as Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from Constituency PP-205 (Khanewal-III).
Early life and education
They were born on 10 December 1972.
They received their BSc and MSc degrees from the University of Pennsylvania in 1995 and an MA degree in legal studies from Columbia University USA in 1999.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-157 (Khanewal-II) as an independent candidate in 2002 Pakistani general election. They received 74,905 votes and defeated Rizwan Ahmad Khan Daha, a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N). In November 2002, they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Mir Zafarullah Khan Jamali and was appointed as Minister of State for Health where they continued to serve until June 2004. In June 2004, they were inducted into the federal cabinet of Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz and was appointed as Minister of State for Commerce and Trade where they served until the completion of the government's tenure in November 2007.
They were re-elected to the National Assembly from Constituency NA-157 (Khanewal-II) as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) in the 2008 Pakistani general election. They received 58,819 votes and defeated PMLN-N candidate Muhammad Khan Daha. On 22 November 2010, Sardar Hamid Yar Hiraj was appointed as a Federal Minister, Chairman Earthquake Reconstruction & Rehabilitation Authority (ERRA), by Prime Minister Syed Yousuf Raza Gillani. They served at the post until the completion of the government's tenure in March 2013.
They ran for the seat of the National Assembly from Constituency NA-157 (Khanewal-II) as a candidate of (PML-Q) in 2013 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 65,407 votes and lost the seat to Muhammad Khan Daha.
After the 2013 general election, they quit PML-Q and later joined Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf on 20 October 2016.
They were elected as a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) from Constituency PP-205 (Khanewal-III) in 2018 Pakistani general election. They received 57,203 votes and defeated PML-N candidate Ch Fazal ur Rehman.
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf MPAs (Punjab)
Punjab MPAs 2018–2023
1973 births
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Columbia University alumni
Pakistan Muslim League (Q) MNAs
Pakistani emigrants to Canada
Naturalized citizens of Canada
Angel City Derby is a women's flat track roller derby league based in Los Angeles, California. Founded in 2006 by a collective of skaters, the league is composed of nearly 200 members divided into four teams who skate on a flat track and compete against teams from the state of California and internationally. The league is skater-owned and operated, "by the skater, for the skater," a volunteer-fueled effort by the women and men in the organization. Angel City is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA). In recent years Angel City's all-star team, the Hollywood Scarlets, has been considered one of the top teams in the WFTDA.
Teams
The league currently consists of four adult teams (age 18+): the Hollywood Scarlets (WFTDA internationally competitive charter team), the Rocket Queens (internationally competitive B team), the Shore Shots (western region travel team) and the Road Ragers (local travel team), who compete against teams from other roller derby leagues. Members training to be placed on any of the four teams participate with the Rising Stars and Fresh Meat programs, or may join the league's popular fitness program, Angel City Fit Club.
In 2015, Angel City introduced Angel City Junior Derby (ACJD), a junior roller derby program for girls ages 7–17. ACJD features two teams, the A-Listers and Blockbusters.
Angel City Derby is also home to a number of certified skating officials and non-skating officials (NSOs). The crew is called Parks & REFreation.
Team history
Angel City was the second roller derby league in Los Angeles, after the Los Angeles Derby Dolls, and the first to play on a flat track. Angel City played their first game on June 30, 2006 at World on Wheels in Los Angeles, and played its first full competitive season in 2007, based in a warehouse named "Heaven's Gate." Angel City initially had 3 home teams: the Berzerkers, Shore Shots and Block Steady Crew, and a travel team called the Road Ragers competing against other WFTDA travel teams. The home teams were dissolved after the 2008 season and changed to structure consisting of an A and B level travel team (the Hollywood Scarlets and The Rocket Queens, respectively).
In 2010 and 2011, the league saw a growth in membership and began to build out the program to include a sub pool of Rising Stars. The continued growth lead to the addition of a C level team to the A-B structure, and the new team was called the Road Ragers (in homage to the original name of the travel team that would eventually become the Hollywood Scarlets). In early 2011, the league moved its training into a warehouse in South Central Los Angeles, nicknamed "the Ascot." The securing of a consistent training space allowed for even more league growth, and by the end of 2012, the league moved into a larger, nicer warehouse facility in Gardena. Angel City currently trains at that same facility, now called Angel City Headquarters (or "HQ").
In 2014, yet another team was added to the structure, the Shore Shots (in homage to the disbanded home team), competing at the same skill level as the Rocket Queens. The teams are no longer denoted by an A-B-C level, and instead by the level of competition they face: International (Hollywood Scarlets), Regional and Local.
In 2016, the league announced that the growth of regional level play of the Rocket Queens and Shore Shots had grown so competitive that a single tryout would be held for the top skaters to qualify to travel as the International Travel B team alongside the Hollywood Scarlets. The Hollywood Scarlets and newly restructured Rocket Queens traveled to the Big O Tournament in Eugene, OR and to the Rose City Rollers' Hometown Throwdown tournament in Spring 2016. The Shore Shots remain regionally competitive in the West, and the Road Ragers will remain locally competitive in the Los Angeles/Southern California area.
WFTDA competition
Angel City was one of the first leagues in Southern California to become a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA), joining in December 2007. The Hollywood Scarlets represent Angel City at the WFTDA competitive level and play for international rankings in the organization. The Scarlets qualified as the 10th seed for the WFTDA West Region Playoffs in 2009, taking 8th place. They next qualified in 2011, again as 10th seed and finished in 9th place overall. In 2012, they qualified for the West Region Playoffs as the 8th seed and ended the tournament in the same position.
In 2013, the Scarlets rose significantly in the rankings, paralleled with the WFTDA's shift from a regional structure to a division-based structure. The Scarlets qualified for the 2013 WFTDA Playoffs ranked #5 overall. With the withdrawal of the Oly Rollers from the Playoffs, they entered the Women's Flat Track Derby Association Division 1 Playoffs in Richmond, Virginia, as the top seed. They finished in 3rd place, thus qualifying for the 2013 WFTDA Championships in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, for the first time in the history of the Angel City Derby Girls. The Scarlets matched up against Rocky Mountain Rollergirls in the first round at Championships and after defeating them 298–228, moved on to play the Denver Roller Dolls, but lost in the second round of the bracket and were knocked out of the single-elimination style tournament.
In 2014, the Scarlets, ranked #7 overall, entered the Division 1 Playoffs in Salt Lake City as a #2 seed and left at the same position, qualifying them for the Championship Tournament in Nashville, Tennessee. They faced the 2013 Championship runners-up, the Texas Rollergirls in the first round of the tournament. This was the first time Angel City played against the heralded "godmothers of roller derby" and Texas was victorious.
In 2015, the Scarlets entered the competitive play season with their most aggressive games to date. They defeated Santa Cruz Derby Girls, Arizona Roller Derby, Tampa Roller Derby, Atlanta Rollergirls, and Jacksonville RollerGirls in the Spring, and moving into summer bested Rocky Mountain, Minnesota RollerGirls and long-time rivals at B.ay A.rea D.erby Girls, but fell to Texas and London Rollergirls. They entered the 2015 Playoff cycle at #8 overall, placing them in Omaha in the #2 seed position where they again faced Minnesota for the chance to take on the perennial champions in the final game, Gotham Girls Roller Derby. Though Angel City lost, they did score more points against Gotham than any team had during the course of the season, and qualified for the Championship in Saint Paul, Minnesota. At the 2015 Championship the Scarlets met the Rat City Rollergirls in the first round, and after defeating them, faced London in the quarter-finals, where London edged out a win.
The Scarlets started the 2016 season ranked #6 overall, scheduled games against Texas, Denver, Victorian Roller Derby League, Rose City Rollers (the 2015 WFTDA Champions), Rat City, Bay Area, and Terminal City Rollergirls. At Division 1 Playoffs in Vancouver, Angel City finished in 2nd place for the third straight year, and again advanced to Championships. At the final tournament in Portland, Angel City defeated Montreal Roller Derby in their opening game, but then fell in the quarterfinal bout against Gotham, 197–168.
In 2017, Angel City was the second seed at D1 Playoffs in Seattle, Washington, and won their quarterfinal against Tampa Bay Derby, 287–87. Angel City then defeated Rat City Rollergirls 224–142 in the semifinal, before losing the final to Rose City Rollers, 224–142. At Champs, Angel City won their opening game against Minnesota 281–144, but was then knocked out of the medal round by Denver, 196–165. Angel City then won their consolation game against Rat City, 219–94.
In 2018, Angel City qualified for WFTDA Playoffs in A Coruña, Spain where they took the bronze medal with a 174–146 victory over Rainy City Roller Derby. At WFTDA Championships in New Orleans, Angel City won their opening game against Jacksonville before losing to Victoria in the quarterfinals, and ended their weekend with a consolation round victory over Montreal, 199–118.
In 2019, Angel City maintained the #7 spot for much of the season, sending the Hollywood Scarlets to the WFTDA playoffs as a second seed at Winston-Salem, NC in September 2019. They secured victory in their first game against Bear City from Berlin, Germany, 268–76. The semi-final saw them re-match Rainy City Roller Derby after almost exactly a year, doubling their margin of victory with a final score of 162-106 and securing their spot in the finals. The final game, as seeding would predict, was against the #1 seed Texas Rollergirls (#6 in the world). The Scarlets played a low-scoring, physical game against the Texecutioners, securing their gold medal with a final score of 120–73. A series of team injuries in the post-season would influence their bumpy road to Championships in Montreal, November 13–15, 2019. They faced old rivals Victorian Roller Derby League, and Denver Roller Derby, both of whom defeated the Scarlets.
Angel City enters the 2020 season ranked #7 in the world by WFTDA.
WFTDA rankings
CR = consolation round
References
Sports teams in Los Angeles
Roller derby leagues established in 2006
Roller derby leagues in California
Women's Flat Track Derby Association Division 1
2006 establishments in California
The "REX" Chair is a Slovenian wood chair design that is included in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art MOMA in New York City and was designed by Slovene architect and designer Niko Kralj (1920-2013) in 1952. In 2012, it was given a permanent place in Designmuseum, Denmark, the largest museum of design in Scandinavia. It became a cult object for design lovers around the globe with its calm contemporary elegance and a feeling of floating. It is the most internationally notable Slovenian design item and in 2004, at the 50th anniversary of its development there was at the Museum of Modern Art in Ljubljana an exhibition devoted to the REX chair. REX chair was ranked at the second place as the Slovenian product of 20th century according to the ″Finance″ newspaper in 1999.
Development
At the time Kralj was manager of Stol development services. They ranked among such international industrial design legends as Charles and Ray Eames or Alvar Aalto and has conquered the world with their innovative design. Kralj received the Prešeren Prize, as well. The REX chair was elevated to the level of a cult item. It was the first chair in Slovenia made in technology of molded, perforated plywood designed for mass production.
Basic designs
The back of the chair is perforated to allow for ventilation and to reduce the weight. Bent plywood armrests support the elbows and joint to the back panel strengthens the chair structure. Basic designs of the REX Chair include:
Model 120 (1953) the plywood sidepieces were replaced with perforated three dimensionally turned plywood. The two extreme structural crosspieces on the front edge of the seat and the top of the back were removed and replaced by glued strips. The armrests were made of bent wood.
Model 101 (1954) is a variation of REX Chair 120, without armrests. Removing the armrests had a negative effect of structural stability, so two cross bindings were added between the rear legs for strength.
Model 5654 (1956), the best known chair in the Rex family, is still being produced today, as a low armchair intended to be used in covered areas. It has been produced in various styles depending on its assigned use, as a club chair, a high-backed chair or an auditorium chair. Rex 5654, a collapsible variation model of 120, was patented in 1958 as a unique kind of folding armchair. All elements in the chair are mutually connected.
Model 140 has a back that is connected to the front legs, which meet the diagonal rear legs in the middle section. The height of the back panel is the same as in the classic REX Chair, only here whole plywood is used for the upper half of the back panel.
Model 5652 is a folding dining chair with a higher and shorter seat and with legs that stand more vertically than in Model 1954.
The restaurant chair has perforated seat and back panels, straight/standing legs and a slightly inclined back. It is suitable for loading.
The Rex Program also included coffee tables, chaises longues, and rocking chairs (Model 5655). Foreign manufacturers produced copies of the REX Chair in plastic. These chairs could be used outdoors, as well, but they never attained the high aesthetic quality of the original.
Production
Exclusive holder for manufacturing and distribution rights of REX chair is Impakta Les. REX Collection in production today consists of Rex Folding Chair, Rex Folding Lounge Chair, Rex Folding Rocking Chair, Rex Folding Daybed and Rex Folding Table.
Until today, they have produced over 2 million chairs.
History
First model (1952)
The Chair is made entirely of wood. It consists of a solid beechwood frame for secured pieces of bowed plywood with a rectangular shape. The armrests, made of solid wood with the front sections cut in a round shape, are joined statically to the two diagonal legs.
Second model
The end of the curved sidepieces are set in the crosspieces at the edges of the seat and the back panels; in this way the use of visible wood screws is avoided at the front of the chair. The crosspiece on the seat contributes to the chair's greater comfort.
Third model
The seat and the back panels are created by the cross pieces designed in a mold. In this way, the problematic sharp bend between the seat and the back is avoided and the length of individual rods is shortened. The seat and back are curved to the shape of the body. The rear legs extend into the armrest. The formation of this element requires high-quality wood with a good deal of waste involved. This is a prefabricated chair held together with bolts and nuts.
Fourth model
The seat and back are the same as in the third model. The armrest and the front and rear legs are all in one piece. This element is made of veneers designed in a mold and requires solid wood reinforcements. “The use of wood is reduced to the minimum; the armchair is prefabricated and stable even without bindings on the legs.” The shortened armrests, however, is problematic, since it does not provide the best support, especially for the elbow.
Fifth model
The seat and the back are the same as in the third model. The front and rear legs touch at the top and the spread apart diagonally downwards. To support this A-shape, the plywood armrest, which is curved at a right angle (through high-frequency dielectric heating), is affixed to the upper section. The chair structure is strengthened further by the armrest being joined to the back panel.
Sixth model (1953)
The slats that were set shallowly into the side element were not able to withstand abrupt burdens and so are replaced by perforated three-dimensionally bent plywood, shaped to the contours of the body. The panels are inserted between two sidepieces. The edge pieces on the front of the seat panel and the top of the back panel are replaces by glued strips.
In 1954, Model No. 56 was accepted for mass production under the name Rex 120.
References
External links
REX Chair, official website
REX designed by Niko Kralj, interior magazine article, interiorzine.com
Chairs
Individual models of furniture
Portable furniture
Muhieddine Abdul Razzak Itani (; 6 September 1929 – 5 August 2015), also known as Tabello (), was a Lebanese footballer who played as a full-back.
In the early 1950s, Itani began their senior club career at Nejmeh, helping the team gain promotion to the Lebanese Premier League. In 1959, they moved to Racing Beirut, who won the league in the 1964–65 season, before playing for Tadamon Beirut. They then returned to Nejmeh, where they were the top goalscorer in the Lebanese Premier League in the 1968–69 season. Itani also played for Lebanon at international level, representing the country in the Arab Cup in the 1960s.
Itani was known for their technique and agility, as well as for their skill in controlling the ball in unconventional ways. They were an ambidextrous, offensive full-back who was capable of playing on both flanks. Despite being only tall, Itani could jump to reach high balls. They were also known for their off-field antics; they would play practical jokes, especially on trips abroad with their teams.
Early life
Muhieddine Itani was born in Ras Beirut, Beirut, Lebanon, on 6 September 1929. In the winters, they spent time fishing with their father Abdul Razzak and in the summers they went swimming. Their father would send them to Sheikh Mohammed Itani to learn to read, write, and memorize the Quran. Itani, however, often ran away from school to spend time playing football in the Nejmeh Stadium. Itani was expelled from school multiple times, remaining illiterate throughout their life.
Every afternoon while training at Nejmeh, Itani would see an Englishman called Chance watching them and their teammates train. One day, Chance asked Itani to train in private with him; Itani did "not hesitate to accept their offer". Itani trained at least four hours a day with Chance. Itani said that their training sessions with Chance developed them as a footballer and they learned the fundamentals of the sport.
Club career
Itani began their senior club career in the early 1950s with Nejmeh under coach Salah Itani. They helped Nejmeh gain promotion to the 1953–54 Lebanese Premier League for the first time after winning the Lebanese Second Division in 1952. Itani's first game in the Premier League ended in a 3–0 win against Racing Beirut in which they scored a penalty kick.
In 1959, Racing Beirut purchased Itani, who was paid £L20,000, an Audi car, and a Vespa scooter, and secured a job at the Regie Company. They were part of the team that won the 1964–65 Lebanese Premier League. In the 1960s, Itani moved to Tadamon Beirut, before rejoining Nejmeh. They were the Lebanese Premier League's top goalscorer of the 1968–69 season, scoring 15 goals.
International career
Despite playing in the Lebanese Second Division with Nejmeh in the early 1950s, Itani attracted the attention of the Lebanese national team coach and was called up. On 17 May 1961, they represented Lebanon in an unofficial friendly against Brazil. Itani was part of the team that played in the 1963 Arab Cup, which was held in Lebanon; they played in the opening game of the tournament, a 6–0 win over Kuwait, and scored an own goal for Tunisia in a game that ended in a 1–0 defeat.
Itani's most memorable game was a 1–0 win against Libya on 8 March 1964, at the 1964 Tripoli Fair Tournament. They scored the game's only goal through a penalty kick in the final minute. Muhieddine stated they deceived the goalkeeper by "looking at the referee as if [he] was talking to him"; the goalkeeper was "busy looking at the goalposts" and "only noticed that the goal was scored when the crowd started cheering".
Style of play
Due to their ambidexterity, Itani played both as a left-back and a right-back. They were a penalty-kick specialist who was noted for their technique and their movements. They controlled the ball in unique ways, stopping it with both feet or with their lower back. Despite their short stature of , Itani had a high elevation, which enabled them to reach higher balls. Although they played in a more defensive role, often Itani used fast offensive breaks. Once they had already dribbled an opponent, they would often go back to dribble them again because "the spectators enjoyed it". They were also known for their shooting skills.
After football
After retiring from football, Itani was a long-distance swimmer who was considered to be the only swimmer in Lebanon to participate in every national race, competing symbolically during their old age. In the 2008 annual Christmas race held by the Al Jazeera Sporting Club, at the age of 80, they were the eldest of the 112 participants.
Personal life
Itani was nicknamed Tabello () and was known for their humility and eagerness to help. They were also famous for their pranks, which they especially perpetrated on trips abroad with their football teams. During the 1961 Pan Arab Games, held in Morocco, the national team manager Joseph Nalbandian promised each player they would receive US$3 for every day spent in the tournament. Following the tournament, because the players had not received their tournament bonus, Itani and their teammates came up with a plan. Itani stripped naked in front of a balcony on the third floor of the University of Casablanca, where the national team was residing during the tournament. Passers-by who overlooked the balcony would complain about Itani's nakedness to the hotel manager. The manager spoke to Nalbandian, who asked Itani to "wear their clothes", giving them the money.
Itani traveled with the Lebanese national team to Tunis, Tunisia, to play a friendly game on 9 June 1963 against the Tunisian national team. The Lebanese team was well-received by the local Tunisians; among whom was a mizmar player wearing a skirt. The Lebanese players were annoyed by the mizmar player and asked Itani to ask them to leave. Itani started dancing next to them and put their hand below the musician's skirt. The mizmar player continued to play while jumping up and down; the players were overwhelmed with laughter.
In 1959, as part of their transfer to Racing Beirut, Itani was hired by the Regie Company. In 1970, Itani established a fish shop in the Commodore area of Hamra, Beirut; in the 1990s they moved to the city's Karakas neighborhood and opened a fish shop called "Al Kalaa Fishery" (). Itani's favourite players were Mahmoud Berjawi and Mardek Chabarian in Lebanon, and Pelé globally. Their favourite coach was Ion Bogdan during their time at Racing Beirut.
Itani, who had eight children, died on 5 August 2015 aged 85.
Honours
Nejmeh
Lebanese Second Division: 1950–51
Racing Beirut
Lebanese Premier League: 1964–65
Lebanon
Arab Cup third place: 1963
Individual
Lebanese Premier League top goalscorer: 1968–69
References
External links
1929 births
2015 deaths
Footballers from Beirut
Association football fullbacks
Lebanese footballers
Lebanese Premier League players
Nejmeh SC players
Racing Club Beirut players
Tadamon Beirut SC players
Lebanon international footballers
Lebanese Premier League top scorers
James Daniel Gardner, also spelled as Gardiner (September 16, 1839 – September 29, 1905), was an African American Union Army soldier during the American Civil War and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for their actions at the Battle of Chaffin's Farm.
Biography
Gardner was born on September 16, 1839, in Gloucester, Virginia. They worked as an oysterman before enlisting in the Union Army from Yorktown, Virginia, on September 15, 1863. They joined Company I of the 36th Regiment United States Colored Troops Troops as a private. Their enlistment papers recorded their surname as "Gardiner."
At the Battle of Chaffin's Farm, Virginia, on September 29, 1864, Gardner's regiment was among a division of black troops assigned to attack the Confederate defenses at New Market Heights. The defenses consisted of two lines of abatis and one line of palisades manned by Brigadier General John Gregg's Texas Brigade. The attack was met with intense Confederate fire; over fifty percent of the black troops were killed, captured, or wounded. During the assault, Gardner advanced ahead of their unit into the Confederate fortifications, "shot a rebel officer who was on the parapet rallying their men, and then ran them through with their bayonet."
The day after the battle, Gardner was promoted to sergeant. Several months later and three days before the end of the war, on April 6, 1865, they were issued the Medal of Honor for their actions at Chaffin's Farm.
After the war, Gardner moved with their regiment westward to the Texas frontier, where their service was marred by disciplinary problems. They were reduced in rank to private on July 13, 1865, and was placed in confinement in Brazos Santiago on March 29, 1866. They were mustered out of the Army in Brazos Santiago on September 20, 1866, after three years of service.
They died in Clarks Summit, Pennsylvania, on September 29, 1905, the 41st anniversary of their Medal of Honor action. Aged 66 at their death, Gardner was buried at Calvary Crest Cemetery in Ottumwa, Iowa. A memorial commemorating Gardner, erected in 2005, and unveiled in 2006, was placed in their hometown of Gloucester, Virginia.
Medal of Honor citation
Rank and organization: Private, Company I, 36th U.S. Colored Troops. Place and date: At Chapins Farm, Va., September 29, 1864. Entered service at:Yorktown, Virginia. Birth: Gloucester, Va. Date of issue: April 6, 1865.
Citation:
Rushed in advance of their brigade, shot a rebel officer who was on the parapet rallying their men, and then ran them through with their bayonet.
See also
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: G–L
List of African American Medal of Honor recipients
Melvin Claxton and Mark Puls, Uncommon valor : a story of race, patriotism, and glory in the final battles of the Civil War, (Wiley, 2006) ()
References
Specific
General
External links
1839 births
1905 deaths
People from Gloucester Courthouse, Virginia
People of Virginia in the American Civil War
African Americans in the American Civil War
Union Army soldiers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
20th-century African-American people
William Gollar (11 March 1858 – 31 August 1916) was a New Zealand cricketer. They played one first-class match for Otago in 1890/91.
Gollar was born at Hobart in Tasmania in 1858. They worked as a baker and was a member of the Albion Cricket Club in Dunedin. Following their death at the age of 58 in 1916 an obituary was published in the 1917 edition of Wisden Cricketers' Almanack.
References
External links
1858 births
1916 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Cricketers from Hobart
Guthrie "Gus" Turner Meade Jr. (May 17, 1932 – February 8, 1991) was an American folklorist of early country music and Kentucky fiddle music.
Early life and education
Meade was born in Louisville, Kentucky to Sarah Isabel Ballard and Guthrie Turner Meade Sr.
Career
Meade served in the US Air Force where they started their career as a computer programmer and systems analyst. In 1965, they began working at the Library of Congress Folk Music Archives. During the summers, Meade would travel to Kentucky to record and research Kentucky fiddlers, as well as conduct interviews.
For the remainder of their life, Meade researched and collaborated with other fiddle and traditional folk music scholars, annotating a comprehensive discography of some 14,500 recordings. This work was published in "Country Music Sources", which was finalized and published shortly after their death in 1991. The Guthrie T. Meade Collection is housed in the Southern Folklife Collection in the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Library.
References
External links
http://uncpress.unc.edu/books/T-6911.html/ Country Music Sources, A Biblio-Discography of Commercially Recorded Traditional Music
1932 births
1991 deaths
American folklorists
People from Louisville, Kentucky
Tatineni Rama Rao (1938 – 20 April 2022) was an Indian filmmaker. They directed 75 Hindi and Telugu feature films between 1966 and 2000.
Career
Rao started their work in the film industry in the late 1950s as the assistant director of their cousin T. Prakash Rao and Kotayya Pratyagatma, before making their directorial debut with 1966 Telugu film Navarathri.
According to Encyclopædia Britannica, Rao was "the man who established the 'Madras movie', or Hindi films funded primarily by southern capital, as a viable commercial option in the all-India market..."
They were the father of successful film producer T. Ajay Kumar.
Filmography
Director
Producer
Hindi
Aakhree Raasta
Andhaa Kaanoon
Ek Hi Bhool
John Jani Janardhan
Sansar
Tamil
Naan Sigappu Manithan
Adhisaya Piravi
Naattai Thirudathe
Dhill
Youth
Arul
Unakkum Enakkum
Malaikottai
Ya Ya
Telugu
References
External links
1938 births
2022 deaths
20th-century Indian film directors
Telugu film directors
Hindi-language film directors
Filmfare Awards South winners
Film directors from Andhra Pradesh
People from Krishna district
Telugu film producers
Film producers from Andhra Pradesh
Charles and Diana may refer to the following:
Charles, Prince of Wales, and Diana, Princess of Wales
Wedding of Prince Charles and Lady Diana Spencer, in 1981
Charles & Diana: A Royal Love Story, a 1982 U.S. television film
The Royal Romance of Charles and Diana, a 1982 U.S. television film
Charles and Diana: Unhappily Ever After, a 1992 U.S. television film
The Memphis Hustle are an American professional basketball team of the NBA G League as an affiliate of the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Based in the Greater Memphis suburb of Southaven, Mississippi, the team plays their home games at the Landers Center.
History
On January 23, 2017, it was announced that the Iowa Energy would not renew their hybrid affiliation deal with the Grizzlies, but be purchased by the Minnesota Timberwolves to serve as their G-League affiliate beginning in the 2017–18 season. That same day, the Grizzlies announced that they would be purchasing an expansion team "for the Mid-South" to begin play in 2017–18 in Southaven, Mississippi, about sixteen miles from Downtown Memphis and the FedExForum, across the Tennessee-Mississippi border. On May 30, 2017, it was announced that Glynn Cyprien would be the head coach and Chris Makris the general manager of the team. On June 1, 2017 the Memphis Grizzlies unveiled their new NBA Development League affiliate team name and logo as the Memphis Hustle.
Season by season
Current roster
Coaches
NBA affiliates
Memphis Grizzlies (2017–present)
References
External links
Memphis Hustle official site
2017 establishments in Mississippi
Basketball teams established in 2017
Basketball teams in Mississippi
Memphis Grizzlies
Sports in Southaven, Mississippi
The Cunningham C-1 is a sports car that was designed and built by the B. S. Cunningham Company in 1950.
Background
American sportsman Briggs Cunningham entered two cars based on the Cadillac Series 61 in the 1950 24 Hours of Le Mans. Brothers Cowles "Miles" Collier and Sam Collier partnered to drive a lightly modified car nicknamed "Petit Pataud", and finished in tenth place. Cunningham and co-driver Phil Walters were in another car with fully custom bodywork, dubbed "Le Monstre", and finished one place behind the other Cadillac in eleventh place.
In preparation for their next attempt at Le Mans, Cunningham bought the Frick-Tappett Motors company. The operation was moved from Long Island, New York to West Palm Beach, Florida, and renamed the "B. S. Cunningham Company".
The Cunningham C-1 roadster was the first product of the new company. On the design team were Cunningham, Walters, G. Briggs Weaver and Bob Blake. Only one C-1 was built, with serial number 5101. The car was completed in late 1950, and is generally listed as from the 1951 model year.
Features
The chassis was made of steel tubing with a central X-brace. The rear suspension was a custom-made De Dion tube. The tires were mounted on knock-off wire wheels. Wheelbase was , and the track front and rear was . The engine was a Cadillac V8.
Motorsports
The C-1 was used in practice at Le Mans, but did not race. In 1951 it appeared at the Mount Equinox hillclimb, where it finished fourth driven by John Fitch.
References
1950s cars
Cars of the United States
Roadsters
The 4th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
The 4th Kentucky Cavalry Regiment was organized at the state fairgrounds in Louisville, Kentucky, on December 24, 1861, and mustered in for a three-year enlistment at Bardstown, Kentucky, on January 6, 1862. It was mustered in under the command of Colonel Jesse Bayles.
The regiment was with the unattached cavalry, Army of the Ohio, to September 1862. 1st Brigade, Cavalry Division, Army of the Ohio, to October 1862. District of Louisville, Kentucky, Department of the Ohio, to November 1862. District of Western Kentucky, Department of the Ohio, to January 1863. 1st Brigade, 1st Cavalry Division, Army of the Cumberland, to July 1863. 3rd Brigade, 1st Division, Cavalry Corps, Army of the Cumberland, to November 1864. 3rd Brigade, 1st Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division Mississippi, to January 1865. 2nd Brigade, 1st Division, Cavalry Corps, Military Division Mississippi, to August 1865.
The 4th Kentucky Cavalry mustered out of service at Macon, Georgia, on August 21, 1865.
Detailed service
Moved to Bardstown, Kentucky, January 6, 1862, and duty there until March. Moved from Bardstown to Nashville, Tennessee, March 26, 1862, then to Wartrace, Tennessee, April 8, and duty in that vicinity until July. Action at Lebanon May 5. Readyville June 7. Rankin's Ferry near Jasper June 18. Shell Mountain June 21. Battle Creek June 21 and July 5. Murfreesboro July 13 (4 companies). Moved to Tullahoma July 13, and duty there until August. Sparta August 4 (detachment). Raid on Louisville & Nashville Railroad August 19–21 (detachment). March to Louisville, Kentucky, in pursuit of Bragg August 22-September 26. Pursuit of Bragg into Kentucky October 1–22. Near Perryville October 6–7. Near Mountain Gap October 14 and 16. Duty on southern border of Kentucky until February 1863. Ordered to Nashville, Tennessee, February 9, then to Murfreesboro and Franklin, Tenn. Expedition to Spring Hill March 4–5. Franklin March 4. Thompson's Station, Spring Hill, March 5. Expedition from Franklin to Columbia March 8–12. Thompson's Station March 9. Rutherford Creek March 10–11. Spring Hill March 19. Near Thompson's Station March 23. Little Harpeth March 25. Near Franklin March 31. Thompson's Station May 2. Franklin June 4. Triune June 9. Tullahoma Campaign June 23-July 7. Uniontown and Rover June 23. Middleton June 24. Fosterville, Guy's Gap and Shelbyville June 27. Expedition to Huntsville July 13–22. Passage of Cumberland Mountains and Tennessee River and Chickamauga Campaign August 16-September 22. Maysville, Alabama, August 21 and 28. Reconnaissance from Alpine, Georgia, toward Summerville September 10. Skirmishes at Summerville September 10 and 15. Battle of Chickamauga September 19–21. Moved to Bellefonte, Alabama, September 25–30. Operations against Wheeler and Roddy September 30-October 2. Moved to Caperton's Ferry October 2, and duty there until December 2. Moved to Rossville, Georgia, December 2–5, and duty there until January 6, 1864. Scout toward Dalton December 12, 1863. Skirmish at Lafayette December 12. Scout to Lafayette December 21–23. Veterans on furlough January to March 1864. Near Chattanooga until May. Atlanta Campaign May to September. Duty in rear of army covering and protecting railroad at Wauhatchie, Lafayette, Calhoun, Dalton, and Resaca. At Wauhatchie May 5 to June 18. (A detachment at Lexington, Kentucky, June 10, 1864.) At Lafayette until August 4. Actions at Lafayette June 24 and 30. At Calhoun August 4 to October 12. Pine Log Creek and near Fairmount August 14. Resaca October 12–13. Near Summerville October 18. Little River, Alabama, October 20. Leesburg October 21. Ladiga, Terrapin Creek, October 28. Moved to Louisville, Kentucky, November 3–9. Operations against Lyon in Kentucky December 6–28. Hopkinsville, Kentucky, December 16. At Nashville, Tennessee, until January 9, 1865. Moved to Gravelly Springs, Alabama, and duty there until March. Wilson's Raid from Chickasaw, Alabama, to Macon, Georgia, March 22-May 1. Six-Mile Creek March 31. Selma April 2. Montgomery April 12. Wetumpka April 13. Fort Tyler, West Point, April 16. Capture of Macon April 20. Duty at Macon and in the Department of Georgia until August.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 180 men during service; 1 officer and 30 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 1 officer and 148 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel Jesse Bayles
Colonel Wickliffe Cooper
Colonel V. Clay Smith
Notable members
Major John F. Weston - Medal of Honor recipient for action near Wetumpka, Alabama, April 13, 1865
See also
List of Kentucky Civil War Units
Kentucky in the Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Attribution
External links
Alphabetical roster of the 4th Kentucky Cavalry taken from Thomas Speed's Union Regiments of Kentucky
Military units and formations established in 1861
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Kentucky
1861 establishments in Kentucky
Martin "Marty" Baum (March 2, 1924 – November 5, 2010) was an American talent agent known for their work at the Creative Artists Agency (CAA), including the first head of the agency's motion picture department. During their career, which spanned from the 1940s until 2010, their client list at CAA and other agencies included Bette Davis, Jack Lemmon, Bobby Darin, Bo Derek, Richard Attenborough, Red Buttons, Maggie Smith and Rock Hudson. Baum was also the President of ABC Pictures, the film division of the American Broadcasting Company (ABC), from 1968 until 1971.
Early life
Baum, a native of New York City, was born on March 2, 1924. They enlisted in the U.S. Army during World War II while still in high school, taking part in the Allied Normandy landings in France. They initially worked as a stage manager following the war, and decided to become a talent agent after a series of failed stage productions.
Career
Baum and Abe Newborn co-founded their own talent agency, Baum-Newborn Agency, in 1948, which proved profitable. They later sold the firm to General Artists Corporation (GAC). Baum moved to Los Angeles in 1960 when they became the head of GAC's motion picture talent division. Baum then joined the Ashley-Famous Agency after leaving GAC.
They then formed their own agency, the Martin Baum Agency, which later merged with the Creative Artists Agency (CAA).
In the interim, Baum became the head of ABC Pictures in 1968, the film division of American Broadcasting Company (ABC). As President, Baum oversaw the production of a number of films, including They Shoot Horses, Don't They? (1969), Straw Dogs (1971) and Cabaret (1972). Their client Gig Young won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for their role in They Shoot Horses, Don't They?. Young later bequeathed Baum their Oscar statuette following their suicide in 1978.
Throughout their career Baum earned the reputation as a "packager", according to the Los Angeles Times. Baum brought together various clients whom they represented, such as actors, screenwriters and film directors, and then "package" them together in a proposal to a film studio or production company. Baum proved instrumental in packaging together three of their clients, James Poe, actor Sidney Poitier and director Ralph Nelson to create the 1963 film Lilies of the Field. Poitier won the Academy Award for Best Actor for the film, becoming the first African American actor to win the award.
In 1960, Baum partnered with Baum & Newborn Theatrical Agency to begin producing films and television in addition to their work as a publicist. They became a production executive at both Optimus Productions and Creative Management Association. Baum's credits as a producer included The Last Valley, Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia, The Wilby Conspiracy and The Killer Elite, all of which were released in the 1970s.
In 1976, the five founding partners of Creative Artists Agency (CAA) – Michael S. Rosenfeld, Michael Ovitz, Ron Meyer, William Haber and Rowland Perkins – proposed that Martin Baum join CAA. The five agents had formed CAA in 1975 after they departed the William Morris Agency (WMA). Baum accepted the offer, completing the merger of their Martin Baum Agency with CAA on October 11, 1976.
Baum brought an extensive client list to the CAA when they joined the agency, including Peter Sellers and Sidney Poitier. More importantly to CAA founders, the merger with Baum's agency added legitimacy to CAA, which had only been founded one year prior to their overture to Baum. Baum became the first head of CAA's motion picture division. They remained a fixture at CAA until shortly before their death in 2010.
Baum accumulated an extensive client list throughout their career. In addition to Sidney Poitier and Gig Young, their clients included Carroll O'Connor, Dyan Cannon, Gene Wilder, Julie Andrews, Richard Harris, Richard Attenborough, Maggie Smith, Harry Belafonte, Stockard Channing, Joanne Woodward, John Cassavetes, Jack Lemmon, Blake Edwards, Bette Davis, Gena Rowlands, Rod Steiger, Cliff Robertson and Red Buttons at various times throughout their career.
Death
Martin Baum died at their home in Beverly Hills, California on November 5, 2010, at the age of 86. They were survived by their daughter, Fern; son, Rich; three grandchildren; and their girlfriend of twelve years, Vicki Sanchez. Their wife, Bernice Baum, died in 1997.
References
1924 births
2010 deaths
American talent agents
People from Beverly Hills, California
Businesspeople from New York City
United States Army personnel of World War II
American Broadcasting Company executives
United States Army soldiers
Lego Star Wars is a Lego theme based around models of vehicles and sets from the Star Wars franchise.
It can also refer to:
Lego Star Wars: The Video Game, a video game that provides a humorous and child-oriented retelling of the Star Wars prequel trilogy
Lego Star Wars II: The Original Trilogy, the sequel to Lego Star Wars: The Video Game that retells the original trilogy
Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga, a compilation of the first two games
Lego Star Wars III: The Clone Wars, the third in the series of games
Lego Star Wars: The Force Awakens
Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga, an updated version following the story of all 9 feature films
Several animated shorts and specials airing on Cartoon Network
Lego Star Wars: Revenge of the Brick, a 2005 mini-movie based on Revenge of the Sith
Lego Star Wars: The Quest for R2-D2, a 2009 animated mini-movie and online game based loosely on CN's series Star Wars: The Clone Wars TV series
Lego Star Wars: Bombad Bounty, a 2010 mini-movie following Jar Jar Binks and Boba Fett in a story "behind the scenes" of the original trilogy
Lego Star Wars: The Padawan Menace, a 2011 30-minute TV special about a Jedi Academy field trip
Lego Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Out, a 2012 30-minute TV Special focusing on humorous activities of Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader following Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope
Lego Star Wars: The Yoda Chronicles, a 2013 trilogy of 30-minute TV Specials
List of Lego Star Wars, a list of all sets, from the theme, so far released
Donnacha O'Brien (born 22 July 1998) is an Irish racehorse trainer and former jockey who competed in Flat racing.
O'Brien is the son of multiple champion trainer Aidan O'Brien and brother of jockey and trainer Joseph O'Brien. Donnacha O'Brien rode their first winner on Quartz, trained by their father, at Dundalk Stadium in September 2014, and gained their first Group 1 victory when they rode Intricately to win the 2016 Moyglare Stud Stakes. Intricately was bred by their mother, Anne Marie, and trained by their brother. O'Brien was Irish flat racing champion apprentice jockey in 2016 and Irish flat racing Champion Jockey for the first time in 2018. They retained their title in 2019, beating Colin Keane in a season which saw two jockeys ride over 100 winners in a season in Ireland for the first time.
O'Brien announced their retirement from race riding on 25 November 2019 and announced their intention to take up training.
Major wins as a jockey
Ireland
Irish Derby - (1) - Latrobe (2018)
Moyglare Stud Stakes - (2) - Intricately (2016), Happily (2017)
Great Britain
2000 Guineas - (2) - Saxon Warrior (2018), Magna Grecia (2019)
Cheveley Park Stakes - Fairyland (2018)
Epsom Oaks - Forever Together (2018)
Middle Park Stakes - Ten Sovereigns (2018)
Vertem Futurity Trophy - Magna Grecia (2018)
Major wins as a trainer
Ireland
Moyglare Stud Stakes - (1) - Shale (2020)
Great Britain
Nassau Stakes – (1) - Fancy Blue (2020)
France
Prix de Diane – (1) - Fancy Blue (2020)
References
Living people
1988 births
Irish jockeys
Irish horse trainers
Carlo Pallavicino (Pallavicini; c. 1630 – 29 January 1688) was an Italian composer.
Pallavicino was born at Salò. From 1666 to 1673, they worked at the Dresden court; from 1674 to 1685, at the Ospedale degli Incurabili (a conservatory where orphaned children were musically trained) in Venice and further in Dresden. In August and September 1687, they were with the concert master Georg Gottfried Backstroh back in Venice. They asked for renewal of their leave because their wife expected to give birth, but they were rejected. They died in Dresden, and their grave is located in the Convent of the St. Mariestern.
They wrote more than 20 operas premiered in Venice and Dresden, oratorios and sacred works. Their son, Dresden court writer Stefano Benedetto Pallavicino, was a known librettist.
Works
Operas
Demetrio (dramma per musica, libretto by Giacomo dall'Angelo, 1666, Venice)
Aureliano (dramma per musica con prologo, libretto by Giacomo dall'Angelo, 1666, Venice)
Il tiranno humiliato d'amore, ovvero Il Meraspe (dramma per musica con prologo, libretto by Giovanni Faustini, revised by Nicolò Beregan, 1667, Venice)
Diocleziano (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1674, Venice)
Enea in Italia (dramma per musica, libretto by Giacomo Francesco Bussani, 1675, Venice)
Galieno (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1675, Venice)
Vespasiano (dramma per musica, libretto by Giulio Cesare Corradi, 1678, Venice; opera for the inauguration of the Teatro San Giovanni Grisostomo)
Nerone (dramma per musica, libretto by Giulio Cesare Corradi, 1679, Venice)
Le amazoni nell'isole fortunate (dramma per musica con prologo, libretto by Francesco Maria Piccioli, 1679, at Villa Contarini, Piazzola sul Brenta; opera for the inauguration of the private theatre of the Procurator Marco Contarini)
Messalina (dramma per musica, libretto by Francesco Maria Piccioli, 1679, Venice)
Bassiano, ovvero Il maggior impossibile (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1682, Venice)
Carlo re d'Italia (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1683, Venice)
Il re infante (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1683, Venice)
Licinio imperatore (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1683, Venice)
Ricimero re de' vandali (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1684, Venice)
Massimo Puppieno (dramma per musica, libretto by Aurelio Aureli, 1685, Venice)
Penelope la casta (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1685, Venice)
Amore inamorato (dramma per musica, libretto by Matteo Noris, 1686, Venice)
Didone delirante (dramma per musica, libretto by Antonio Franceschi, 1686, Venice)
L'amazone corsara, ovvero L'Avilda regina de' Goti (dramma per musica, libretto by Giulio Cesare Corradi, 1686, Venice)
External links
Short biography with list of works at operone.de
1630s births
1688 deaths
17th-century Italian composers
Italian Baroque composers
Italian male classical composers
Italian opera composers
Male opera composers
People from Salò
17th-century male musicians
The Emblem of Madhya Pradesh is the official seal of the government of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Design
The emblem is a circular seal depicting the Lion Capital of Ashoka in front of a banyan tree. The Lion Capital and tree are supported by stalks of wheat and rice and the whole emblem is surrounded by 24 stupas figures.
Historical emblems
Princely states
Government banner
The Government of Madhya Pradesh can be represented by a banner displaying the emblem of the state on a white field.
See also
National Emblem of India
List of Indian state emblems
References
Government of Madhya Pradesh
Madhya Pradesh
Symbols of Madhya Pradesh
Jason Chan (born 12 August 1996) is a Canadian-Australian ice dancer who currently represents Australia. With partner Holly Harris, they are the 2019 Australian national senior champion.
With former partner Valérie Taillefer they were the 2014 Canadian novice dance champion.
Career
Early career
In 2011, Chan trained in Montreal with Valérie Taillefer, competing at the pre-novice level in the Canadian national skating championships in Regina. At the novice level at the 2014 Canadian Championships, the pair won the gold medal. The pair also competed in the Skate Canada Challenge in Regina that year, and took first place in the novice dance category. Taillefer/Chan competed for three seasons on the ISU Junior Grand Prix, before the end of their partnership.
2019–20 season: Debut of Harris/Chan
Chan formed a dance partnership with Australian ice dancer Holly Harris to represent their country, and began training at the Ice Academy of Montreal under coaches Marie-France Dubreuil, Patrice Lauzon, and Romain Haguenauer.
Harris/Chan debuted internationally on the Challenger series at the 2019 CS Warsaw Cup, where they placed ninth, in the process defeating reigning Australian national champions Kerry/Dodds (in eleventh place) by almost 25 points. They went on to win the Australian national title. Harris/Chan made their ISU Championship debut at the 2020 Four Continents Championships in Seoul, where they placed ninth. They were assigned to compete at the World Championships in Montreal, but these were cancelled as a result of the coronavirus pandemic.
2020–21 season
Harris/Chan were assigned to make their Grand Prix debut at the 2020 Skate Canada International, but this event was also cancelled as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. They made their World Championship debut at the 2021 World Championships in Stockholm, placing twenty-fourth.
2021–22 season
Harris/Chan began the season at the Skating Club of Boston-hosted Lake Placid Ice Dance International, where they finished in fourth place. They then were assigned to the 2021 CS Nebelhorn Trophy, seeking to qualify a berth for Australia at the 2022 Winter Olympics. They finished in ninth place, making Australia the fourth reserve. Harris/Chan competed at two more Challenger events, finishing thirteenth at the 2021 CS Finlandia Trophy and seventh at the 2021 CS Golden Spin of Zagreb. They then won the bronze medal at the Santa Claus Cup.
Assigned to the 2022 Four Continents Championships in Tallinn, Harris/Chan finished in eighth place. The team concluded the season at the 2022 World Championships, held in Montpellier with Russian dance teams absent due to the International Skating Union banning all Russian athletes due to their country's invasion of Ukraine. Harris/Chan qualified to the free dance for the first time, coming in eighteenth place.
2022–23 season
Appearing at the inaugural Britannia Cup, Harris/Chan won the bronze medal. They were seventh at the 2022 CS Nebelhorn Trophy.
Programs
With Harris
Competitive highlights
CS: Challenger Series; GP: Grand Prix; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
With Harris for Australia
With Taillefer for Canada
References
1996 births
Living people
Australian male ice dancers
Canadian male ice dancers
Freyenstein is a former small town in Brandenburg, Germany. On October 26, 2003 it was merged into the city of Wittstock. The earliest mention of the town was in 1263 as "Vriegenstene". The town had 971 inhabitants on December 31, 2009.
Natives
Minna Cauer (1841-1922), German feminist
References
Villages in Brandenburg
David Rosenblatt is a Canadian medical geneticist, pediatrician, and professor in the departments of Human Genetics, Medicine, Pediatrics, and Biology at McGill University in Montreal, Quebec, where they were the chairperson of the Department of Human Genetics from 2001 to 2013.
 They are known for their contributions to the field of inborn errors of folate and vitamin B12 metabolism.
Education
Rosenblatt received a Bachelor of Science from McGill University in 1968 and a doctorate in medicine from the Faculty of Medicine at McGill University in 1970. After completing an internship in pediatrics at the Montreal Children's Hospital (1970–1971), they pursued postgraduate training in medical genetics and folate metabolism at the Massachusetts General Hospital under the supervision of Dr. John Littlefield and Dr. Richard Erbe (1971–1973), and in biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology under Malcolm Gefter (1973–1974), finishing with a residency in pediatric medicine at the Boston Children's Hospital (1974–1975).
Career
Rosenblatt was first appointed in the Department of Pediatrics at McGill in 1975, and was the chairperson of the Department of Human Genetics from 2001 to 2013. They hold the Dodd Q. Chu and Family Chair in Medical Genetics.
 They are actively involved in research and patient care, as well as graduate and medical student teaching. They have acted as supervisor and mentor to more than 35 graduate students and post-doctoral fellows. They have authored over 200 publications in peer-reviewed journals.
In 1995, they were made a Correspondent étranger of the Académie Nationale de Médecine (France), and in 2005, they were elected as a Fellow of the Canadian Academy of Health Sciences. In 2013, they were named a Champion of Genetics by The Canadian Gene Cure Foundation. They have served as President of the Society for Inherited Metabolic Disorders, the Canadian Society for Clinical Investigation, and the Association of Medical Geneticists of Quebec.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
McGill University faculty
Canadian geneticists
Canadian pediatricians
McGill University Faculty of Medicine alumni
John Caldwell School is a consolidated school in Anglophone West of New Brunswick. It is located in the town of Grand Falls in Victoria County.
History
The first school building, a two-story structure, was built on the same site in 1909. The first principal was J. C. Higgins. It was first called the Flat School (since it was built on the flat land near the river) and was later called the Grand Falls Graded School.
In 1951, John Caldwell, who had graduated from the school, became the principal.
In 1951, a brick building was built on the same lot. It housed the industrial shops, gymnasium and home economics facilities. It was named the Grand Falls Composite High School. A wing was built in 1966, and in 1969 the name was changed to the John Caldwell School.
In 1982, the original wooden building was demolished leaving only the new structure. In 1971, the school became a Junior High School and in 1981 it became the Junior-Senior High School for the anglophone students of the area. It underwent major expansion began in 1989 to include the English elementary students making it a K-12 facility with english and french emersion
See also
List of schools in New Brunswick
Grand Falls, New Brunswick
Grand Falls, New Brunswick
High schools in New Brunswick
Schools in Victoria County, New Brunswick
Middle schools in New Brunswick
Elementary schools in New Brunswick
Irreligion in Egypt is controversial due to the largely conservative nature of the country and the religious establishments in the country. It is difficult to quantify the number of atheists or agnostics in Egypt, as the stigma attached to being one makes it hard for irreligious Egyptians to publicly profess their views and beliefs.
Furthermore, public statements that can be deemed critical of Islam, Christianity and Judaism can be tried under the country's notorious blasphemy law. Outspoken atheists, like Alber Saber, have been convicted under this law. These types of crime in Egypt hold a status similar to Antragsdelikt, legal proceedings only occur if a citizen takes the step of suing the person engaging in blasphemy, and cases are not initiated by the general prosecutor. In 2000, an openly atheist Egyptian writer, who called for the establishment of a local association for atheists, was tried on charges of insulting Islam in four of their books.
Estimates of the number of non-religious Egyptians
The 2017 US report on international religious freedom in Egypt, states that unreliable estimates report between 1 million to 10 million Egyptian's are Atheist. However, according to the 2020 US report on international religious freedom there is no reliable estimates of the number of atheists in Egypt. Absent official figures, sources consistently report that the number is increasing steadily. Egyptian media has since 2011 reported increases in the number of nonbelievers and atheists publicly coming out; however, atheism or skepticism is not a recent phenomenon in Egypt. Despite the lack of clarity with regard to absolute numbers, there is a noticeable increase in young Egyptians coming out for nonbelieving and publicly testifying they have left the faith, especially on the internet.
Many Egyptian irreligious/atheist intellectuals encourage irreligious Egyptians and Egyptian atheists to speak up and come out of the closet, a trend which is visible across both Islam and Christianity, and involves both Egyptian men and women.
An Egyptian newspaper Al-Sabah claimed the number of Egyptian atheists is 3 million of Egypt's 84 million population (2013 estimate), citing an unnamed US survey. In December 2014, Dar al-Ifta, a government-affiliated Islamic centre of education and jurisprudence, claimed that there are 866 atheists in Egypt. Commenting on the small number cited by Dar al-Ifta, Rabab Kamal, a spokesperson for The Secularists, a small but vocal group that lobbies for a secular state, said that "[Dar al-Ifta] are in denial", and they added: "I could count more than that number of atheists at al-Azhar university alone." (Al-Azhar university is the Cairo-based Islamic institution that is widely regarded as the seat of global Sunni learning.) The tiny estimates by Dar al-Ifta prompted high amusement among Egyptian atheists and secularists in Egypt, who say that atheism is on the rise, and that even Dar al-Ifta's definitions of atheism seemed comic. Many Egyptian irreligious/atheist intellectuals encourage irreligious Egyptians and Egyptian atheists to speak up and come out of the closet, a trend which is visible regarding both faiths, Islam and Christianity, and involves Egyptian men as well as Egyptian women. Many atheists in Egypt communicate with each other over the internet.
Controversy and discrimination
Discrimination against atheists in Egypt is mainly the result of conservative social traditions and the religious establishments in the country, as the laws and policies in Egypt protect religious freedom but punish those who ridicule or insult the Abrahamic religions by words or writing, whereas insulting other non-Abrahamic faiths like Buddhism or Hinduism is not punishable by Egyptian law but insulting Islam, Christianity, or Judaism is.
In 2014, the Ministry of Youth and the Ministry of Awqaf announced a joint strategy to combat the spread of what they categorized as "harmful ideas" among the nation's youth, and they included atheism in that categorization. In a 2011 Pew Research poll of 1,798 Muslims in Egypt, 63% of those surveyed supported "the death penalty for people who leave the Muslim religion." However, no such punishment actually exists in the country. In January 2018, the head of the parliament's religious committee, Amr Hamroush, suggested a bill to make atheism illegal, stating that "it [atheism] must be criminalised and categorised as contempt of religion because atheists have no doctrine and try to insult the Abrahamic religions".
In July 2015, it was announced by Pope Tawadros II that a global survey to understand why some youth leave the church would be carried out. The results were not published, however, it was estimated that 70% of the youth stop attending the Evangelical church, and nearly a decade later, about half return to church. The Egyptian Council of Churches, of which the Coptic Orthodox Church is a member, along with other Orthodox, Catholic and Protestant Egyptian churches, had plans to confront atheism in Egypt, by questioning Charles Darwin's theory of evolution and planning establishments of interfaith committees involving churches and mosques, with the aim of controlling and confronting atheism among members of both faiths.
Atheists or irreligious people cannot change their official religious status, thus statistically they are counted as followers of the religion of their family, whether it is Islam or Christianity. Despite hostile sentiments towards them, atheists in Egypt have become increasingly vocal since the Egyptian revolution of 2011 and particularly after the ouster of Morsi in 2013.
List of non-religious Egyptians
Hamed Abdel-Samad
Ismail Adham
Kareem Amer
Aliaa Magda Elmahdy
Sherif Gaber
Ismail Mohamed
Nawal El Saadawi
Alber Saber
Maikel Nabil Sanad
See also
Religion in Egypt
Secularism in Egypt
Freedom of religion in Egypt
Christianity in Egypt
Islam in Egypt
Demographics of Egypt
References
Religion in Egypt
Egypt
Egypt
Egypt
David Rodan (born 8 October 1983) is an Australian rules footballer goal umpire and a retired professional who played for the Richmond Tigers, Port Adelaide Power and the Melbourne Demons.
Of Tongan heritage, Rodan is the first Fijian-born player to reach 100 AFL games.
 They are currently an AFL goal umpire.
Early life
David Rodan was born in Fiji to mother Amelia and father David Snr, both of Tongan heritage. They spent their first year in the town of Lami near Suva. When they were three years old, their family moved to Australia. Their father wanted them to play rugby union, but there were no rugby clubs for juniors in their area. Instead, they tried Aussie Rules, beginning junior football with Oak Park and the Holy Child Football Club in Broadmeadows, and they developed a passion for the sport.
Rodan rose through the junior ranks until dominating in the TAC Cup competition, winning back to back Morrish Medals (2000 and 2001).
AFL career
Richmond (2001 - 2006)
Rodan was recruited by AFL club Richmond at the end of 2001 at pick 33. They played every game for two years (from their debut in 2002), and was nominated for the AFL Rising Star award in their debut season and kicked 17 goals of which three were nominated for the Goal of the Year award.
Playing for Richmond, they played as a small crumbing forward along with Andrew Krakouer in the early part of their career.
They became an Australian citizen in September 2002 in order to get a passport to travel to London, England to participate in an Australian Football Exhibition Match against Essendon as their Fijian passport had expired.
After the retirement of Matthew Knights, Rodan shifted into the midfield.
They did not participate in the 2005 regular season due to a severe knee injury. Rodan made a return to league football in 2006, but was delisted at the end of the season, first hearing of their sacking at the club's best and fairest function via an impromptu speech from captain Kane Johnson.
Port Adelaide (2007 - 2012)
Rodan was given a career lifeline when they were drafted by Port Adelaide with the final selection of the 2006 AFL draft.
Rodan did not miss a game in the 2007 season, which meant they played in the 2007 AFL Grand Final. They received six Brownlow Medal votes at the 2007 medal count including the best on ground 3 votes for their round 12 performance, putting them in the top 60 players in the competition.
Rodan ruptured an anterior cruciate ligament in a training injury in December 2009 and was expected to miss the entire 2010 season. However, following ligament augmentation and reconstruction surgery, which replaced the torn ligament with one made of polyester fibres, Rodan was able to play in round six, 2010.
Melbourne (2013)
Rodan was traded to the Melbourne Football Club on 25 October 2012. Port Adelaide had initially stated that they had been delisted, but had not formally lodged the paperwork with the AFL allowing a trade to be made between Port Adelaide and Melbourne. They were traded for Pick no. 88 in the 2012 AFL Draft.
Rodan announced their retirement after they ruptured their anterior cruciate ligament again in Round 22 against the Adelaide Crows.
Rodan won the fourteenth season of Dancing with the Stars.
West Preston- Lakeside (2015)
Rodan teamed up with the Northern Football League team West Preston Lakeside for a two-year period in 2015 and played a total of 16 games.
VFL Goal Umpiring (2016)
In March 2016, Rodan began training as a VFL goal umpire with their intention to become an AFL-listed goal umpire by 2017. This training opportunity presented itself through the Scanlon Foundation's assistance to introduce people of more indigenous and multicultural backgrounds to Australian rules umpiring. They did so and at the end of 2019 they had goal umpired 27 AFL matches.
References
External links
1983 births
VFL/AFL players born outside Australia
Fijian emigrants to Australia
Australian people of Tongan descent
Australian people of I-Taukei Fijian descent
Fijian people of Tongan descent
Living people
Port Adelaide Football Club players
Port Adelaide Football Club players (all competitions)
Richmond Football Club players
VFL/AFL players born in Fiji
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Calder Cannons players
Melbourne Football Club players
Dancing with the Stars (Australian TV series) winners
Casey Demons players
Australia international rules football team players
Australian Football League umpires
Miriam Romei (born 22 November 1995) is an Italian professional racing cyclist. They ride for the Aromitalia Vaiano team.
See also
List of 2015 UCI Women's Teams and riders
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Italian female cyclists
Cyclists from Florence
The 1968 Pittsburgh riots were a series of urban disturbances that erupted in Pittsburgh on April 5, 1968, following the assassination of Martin Luther King. Pittsburgh, along with 110 other cities, burned for several days and 3,600 National Guardsmen were needed to quell the disorder. The neighborhoods most impacted were the Hill District, North Side, and Homewood, with casualties including one death and 36 injuries. Over 100 businesses were either vandalized or looted with arsonists setting 505 fires. After six days, order was finally restored on April 11, with property damage surpassing $600,000 (equivalent to $ in ) and 1,000 arrests being made by law enforcement. Many of the areas affected by the disorder would never fully recover in the following decades.
See also
List of incidents of civil unrest in the United States
Other Civil Rights-Era riots in Pennsylvania
1964 Philadelphia Riot
1969 York Riot
References
King assassination riots
African-American riots in the United States
Riots and civil disorder in Pittsburgh
1960s in Pittsburgh
April 1968 events in the United States
Peter Raymond Cargill (2 March 1964 – 15 April 2005) was a Jamaican international football player. Their position was midfielder or defender.
Club career
Nicknamed "Jair", they started their footballing career at high school, winning the Triple Crown as a captain with Camperdown High School. Cargill also played for local sides Swallowfield FC, CC Lions, Hazard United and Harbour View and also spent 8 years in Israel with Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Petah Tikva. The versatile player returned to Jamaica in 1996 and was called up to the Jamaica team.
International career
They captained the Reggae Boyz and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France. They collected a total of 84 caps and scored 3 times.
Personal life
After retiring as a player, they became Reggae Boyz' assistant head coach until 2004. Then they coached Jamaica National Premier League side Waterhouse F.C.
Like their World Cup team-mate Stephen Malcolm and Jamaican legend Winston Anglin, Cargill was killed in a road accident. They died of severe injuries in Saint Ann Parish while on their way to a football match against Wadadah in Montego Bay when the minivan they were travelling in overturned and struck a boulder head-on.
International goals
Honours
Israeli Premier League:
Runner-up (1): 1987–88
Toto Cup:
Runner-up (1): 1988–89
Caribbean Cup:
Winner (2): 1991, 1998
JFF Champions Cup:
Winner (1): 1998
References
External links
1964 births
2005 deaths
People from Saint Ann Parish
Association football midfielders
Jamaican footballers
Jamaica international footballers
1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
1998 FIFA World Cup players
Harbour View F.C. players
Portmore United F.C. players
Maccabi Netanya F.C. players
Hapoel Petah Tikva F.C. players
Jamaican expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Jamaican expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Road incident deaths in Jamaica
Alexander Vincent Lennon (25 October 1925 – 1992) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town and Queens Park Rangers.
References
1925 births
1992 deaths
Scottish footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Rotherham United F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Queens Park Rangers F.C. players
Showdown (1942) is the eleventh of seventeen animated Technicolor short films based upon the DC Comics character Superman. Produced by Famous Studios, the cartoon was originally released to theaters by Paramount Pictures on October 16, 1942.
Plot
The short starts off as a figure dressed as Superman is terrorising Metropolis with various robberies.  They are actually a small time crook who is working for a big time gangster known as the Boss, who insults them any chance they get. Every paper in the city runs the story that Superman has gone bad, but Lois Lane does not believe it to be true. As they and Clark Kent read the story at the Daily Planet, an office boy informs them that the editor, Perry White, wants them to cover the opera and gives them two tickets.
At the opera, the Superman imposter sneaks from booth to booth, swiping people's jewelry without them noticing. When one woman cries out in alarm, Lois leaves their seat and walks out into the hallway, confronting the imposter. After a brief struggle, Lois rips the "S" patch off the imposter's chest, and they run away. Not having seen their face in the darkness, Lois is convinced that Superman has really been responsible for all the crimes. As Lois calls the police, Clark exits the booth to follow after the imposter.
Cracking the door open slightly on the roof and noticing the imposter, Clark says, "My double is in for some trouble". Seeing the police cars gather on the street below, the imposter heads back toward the door to the stairwell, where they are confronted by the real Superman. The imposter fires several rounds at Superman, to no avail. They claim their Boss made them do it. Without noticing, the imposter reaches the edge of the rooftop and falls over the edge. Superman swoops down to save them just in time. In the glow of the search lights, Lois and the police realize that the real Superman is not the criminal.
Hoping for a lighter punishment, the imposter agrees to take Superman to their boss. Superman, without saying a thing, stands in front of the boss' desk. After several moments, the boss tries to hit them with a golf club, then raises a lamp and sees Superman's face, prompting them to press a hidden button that opens a trap door and sends Superman falling into a pit. After the trap door closes, the boss and the imposter push the desk over the door and hide in a vault. Superman breaks out and opens the vault, tearing out electrified bars, only to find that the two have used a welding torch to cut a hole in the wall and escape. A police car is headed around a bend, unknowing that the criminals are coming at them from the other side. Just in time, Superman steps in and stops the cars from crashing, and grabs the two criminals by their collars. Upset at getting caught, the imposter tells their boss, "Next time, you play Superman!" Superman then leaves the two criminals for the police to handle.
Back at the Daily Planet, Clark is dozing off when Lois returns from the crime scene to start work on the story. Clark tells them that they were dreaming they were Superman. Lois responds by saying, "A fine Superman you'd make". Clark replies "Well, I can dream, can't I?"
Voice cast
Bud Collyer as Clark Kent / Superman (uncredited)
Joan Alexander as Lois Lane (uncredited)
Jack Mercer as Jimmy Olsen (uncredited)
Carl Meyer as the Superman impostor (uncredited)
Jackson Beck as The Boss (uncredited)
Julian Noa as Narrator (uncredited)
References
External links
Showdown at the Internet Archive
Showdown at the Internet Movie Database
1942 films
1942 animated films
1940s American animated films
1940s animated short films
1940s animated superhero films
Superman animated shorts
Films directed by Isadore Sparber
Paramount Pictures short films
Uchkeken (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Malokarachayevsky District in the Karachay-Cherkess Republic, Russia. Population:
Demographics
In 2002, the main ethnic groups were:
Karachays: 91.6%
Russians: 3.9%
Notable People
Zuhra Bayramkulova - Hero of Socialist Labour has a street named after them in Uchkeken.
References
Rural localities in Karachay-Cherkessia
St. Michael-Albertville High School (also referred to as "STMA High School") is a public high school located in St. Michael, Minnesota, United States. Known as "STMA" for short, the high school located to a new building which opened for the 20092010 school year. Its Performing Arts Center (PAC) stands as the largest in the state as well and is often compared to many college-level PACs. A formal dedication of the school took place on September 20, 2009.
Student achievement ranks in the top 7% in Science, 12% in Math and 15% in English among Minnesota schools. ACT scores rank STMA in the top 15% of Minnesota high schools and STMA High School is recognized as an AP Honor Roll school.
The school also houses a new Activity Center, which includes an indoor running track and raised walking track, six interchangeable basketball/volleyball courts and a state of the art, 5000 square ft. fitness center/weight room. All the machines and equipment were donated by Matt Spaeth.
The school district is well known for its athletic departments, especially the school's wrestling team which are the 8X state championships and the school's football team, which won the state championships for the first time in 2015
On February 7, 2017, the STMA community voted to approve a $36.1 million bond referendum. Bond projects included improvements in the areas of safety, technology, maintenance, and activities. 12 classrooms were added along with a new stadium and more security. Construction dates were from September 2017 to July 20, 2018.
Notable alumni
Matt Spaeth is notable at STMA for playing both football and basketball. They helped bring the football team to the state tournament twice in 2000 and 2001. They later went on to play football for the University of Minnesota, where they were named a First Team All American, received the John Mackey Award in 2006, and helped the Gophers on their way to the Insight Bowl. They did not play due to a shoulder injury. In 2007, they were drafted to the Pittsburgh Steelers of the NFL as the third round pick, 77th overall, and owns a Super Bowl ring. Prior to the 2011 season they were traded to the Chicago Bears. They re-signed with the Steelers in the 2013 offseason. After failing a physical, Spaeth was released in 2016.
Mitch Potter is notable at STMA for track and field. In high school, they won five state Track and Field titles, and in August 2012 still held two state records in the Class A 300-meter hurdles and 4 X 400 meter relay. They were a member of the 1999 STMA Track Team that won the MSHSL Track & Field Class A Championship and was inducted into the St. Michael-Albertville High School Hall of Fame in August 2012.
Chas Betts is notable at STMA as a state wrestling champion. They went on to wrestle for The United States Olympic Training Site at Northern Michigan University. As an amateur wrestler, they won the 2012 U.S. Olympic Trials at 84 kg GR and competed at the 2012 Olympics.  They are currently a professional wrestler in the WWE, under the name Chad Gable.
Activities
Keith Cornell was named the new activities director and started prior to the 20172018 school year. The STMA Activities Department currently offers 25 official extra-curricular activities and 15 official co-curricular activities.
Starting the 20192020 School year STMA will be joining the Lake Conference following recommendations from the Minnesota State High School League, bringing the number of schools in the conference to 7. STMA will be the second smallest school in the conference.
State Championships
Wrestling
References
External links
Minnesota State High School League
New 2009 St. Michael-Albertville High School - Donlar Construction
St Michael Patch: St. Michael-Albertville Announces 2012 Inductees to the Hall of Fame
Public high schools in Minnesota
Educational institutions established in 1966
Schools in Wright County, Minnesota
1966 establishments in Minnesota
Shwegyin Township is a township in Bago District in the Bago Region of Myanmar. The principal town is Shwegyin (town).
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Bago District
The FTSE AIM UK 100 Index was introduced on 16 May 2005, and is a market-capitalisation-weighted stock market index. The index incorporates the largest 100 companies (by capitalisation) which have their primary listing on the Alternative Investment Market (AIM). It includes UK and international domiciled companies. The index is reviewed quarterly, and the constituent companies may change based on market capitalisation data as at the end of February, May, August and November. The index is maintained by FTSE Russell, a subsidiary of the London Stock Exchange Group.
References
External links
FTSE Group website
The AIM constituents - DigitalLook
London Stock Exchange
European stock market indices
The 2010 World Group II Play-offs were four ties which involved the losing nations of the World Group II and four nations from the three Zonal Group I competitions. Nations that won their play-off ties entered the 2011 World Group II, while losing nations joined their respective zonal groups.
Poland vs. Spain
Sweden vs. China
Canada vs. Argentina
Slovenia vs. Japan
References
World Group II Play-offs
Waterloo () is a district in Central London, and part of the Bishops ward of the London Borough of Lambeth. It is situated east of Charing Cross. The area is part of a business improvement district known as Waterloo Quarter, which includes The Cut and the Old Vic and Young Vic theatres. It includes some sections of the London Borough of Southwark.
Marsh
The area was marshland towards the northern tip of the ancient parish of Lambeth. It was known as Lambeth Marshe, but was drained in the 18th century and is remembered in the Lower Marsh street name.
Notable places
Waterloo is connected to the Strand area on the north bank of the River Thames by Waterloo Bridge. The first bridge on the site was opened in 1817 and the current bridge was opened in 1945. The bridge was named to commemorate the Battle of Waterloo in 1815. Waterloo Road also dates from this time, built on land belonging to the Archbishop of Canterbury. St John's, Waterloo was constructed from 1822 by the Commissioners for Building New Churches as the population of the parish of Lambeth had significantly increased. After the opening of Waterloo railway station in 1848 via the Nine Elms to Waterloo Viaduct the locality around the station and Lower Marsh became known as Waterloo. The boundary of the ecclesiastical parish of St John Waterloo established in 1824 was formed by the River Thames in the north and west, approximated Westminster Bridge Road in the south, and followed the boundary with Southwark in the east.
The public library in Waterloo was constructed in 1893. It remained open until the early 1960s when it was vacated due to its poor condition. The building now houses the Waterloo Action Centre.
The Catholic St Patrick's Church was built in 1897 and designed by Frederick Walters. Roupell Street is noted for its well-preserved Georgian housing and is often used as a TV and film location.
Notable people
Evelyn Campbell (actor) (1868 – ?), stage actor
References
Districts of the London Borough of Lambeth
Areas of London
Districts of London on the River Thames
Business improvement districts in London
Bour may refer to:
People
Justin Bour, professional baseball player for the Los Angeles Angels
Places
Bour, Luxembourg, a village in Tuntange, Luxembourg.
Bøur, a village in Sørvágs, the Faroe Islands
M'bour, a town in Senegal
Other uses
Bour (surname)
, the Romanian name of the aurochs
Maad a Sinig, a Serer royal title sometimes called Bour Sine
Maad Saloum, a Serer royal title sometimes called Bour Saloum
Double actionability is a doctrine of private international law which holds that an action for an alleged tort committed in a foreign jurisdiction can be successful in a domestic court only if it would be actionable under both the laws of the home jurisdiction and the foreign jurisdiction. The rule originated in the controversial case of Phillips v Eyre (1870) LR 6 QB 1.
The rule is no longer used in Canadian law and instead the lex loci delicti rule is used. Likewise, the rule no longer forms part of Australian law which also uses the lex loci delicti rule. This rule holds that the applicable law for a tort committed in a foreign place will be the tort law of the foreign place.
The rule was abolished in New Zealand tort law by section 10 of the Private International Law (Choice of Law in Tort) Act 2017.
The rule has largely been abandoned in English law by virtue of section 10 of the Private International Law (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1995, although defamation claims are specifically excluded (cf. section 13(1)). However, even prior to it being abandoned the courts had increasingly distanced themselves from the rule by applying a "flexible exception". The exception was first applied in Boys v Chaplin [1969] 2 All ER 1085 and expanded upon in Red Sea Insurance v Bouygues SA [1995] 1 AC 190.
External links
Slavery, revolution and the double actionability rule
References
Conflict of laws
The 1946 Washington Senators of Major League Baseball won 76 games, lost 78, and finished in fourth place in the American League. The 46th edition of the franchise was managed by Ossie Bluege and played its home games at Griffith Stadium, where it drew 1,027,216 fans, fifth in the league and tenth-most among the 16 MLB clubs. It was the only time the franchise would exceed one million in home attendance in its 60 years in Washington. In addition, its fourth-place standing represented the highest, and last "first-division", finish for the team during its final 15 seasons in the U.S. capital.
Offseason
Prior to 1946 season: Dick Weik was signed as an amateur free agent by the Senators.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
April 12, 1946: Jug Thesenga was released by the Senators.
June 15, 1946: Jeff Heath was traded by the Senators to the St. Louis Browns for Joe Grace and Al LaMacchia.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Orlando
References
External links
1946 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1946 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
1946 in sports in Washington, D.C.
Washington Senators season
Annevig Schelde Ebbe (born August 6, 1983) is a Danish actor and voice actor from Aarhus, Denmark.
They contribute to acting Danish language dubbing. They dub characters from cartoons, movies, anime, and more. They also played Mary Jensen in the DR 1 canceled mini series The Kingdom. They dub Stacy Hirano, Vanessa Doofensmirtz, and other characters from Phineas and Ferb.  They are the current Danish dubber of May, and Dawn from Pokémon.
Filmography
Dubbing
Mindy in Animaniacs
Bloom in Winx Club
Mac in Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends
Clover in Totally Spies
Taylor Mckessie in High School Musical
Runo and other characters in Bakugan Battle Brawlers
Hikari Uchiha in Naruto
Brandy in Brandy & Mr. Whiskers
Rainbow Dash in My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic and My Little Pony: Equestria Girls
Stacy Hirano,Vanessa Doofensmirtz and other characters in Phineas and Ferb
Patzy in Camp Lazlo
Dawn, May, and other characters in Pokémon
Sabrina Spellman in Sabrina: The Animated Series
Sarah in Ed, Edd n Eddy
Kitty in Kitty Is Not a Cat
Acting
Mary Jensen in The Kingdom
and others
See also
The Kingdom
SDI Media Denmark
References
External links
1983 births
Danish voice actores
Living people
People from Aarhus
In mathematics, more specifically in the field of ring theory, a ring has the invariant basis number (IBN) property if all finitely generated free left modules over R have a well-defined rank. In the case of fields, the IBN property becomes the statement that finite-dimensional vector spaces have a unique dimension.
Definition
A ring R has invariant basis number (IBN) if for all positive integers m and n, Rm isomorphic to Rn (as left R-modules) implies that .
Equivalently, this means there do not exist distinct positive integers m and n such that Rm is isomorphic to Rn.
Rephrasing the definition of invariant basis number in terms of matrices, it says that, whenever A is an m-by-n matrix over R and B is an n-by-m matrix over R such that and , then . This form reveals that the definition is left–right symmetric, so it makes no difference whether we define IBN in terms of left or right modules; the two definitions are equivalent.
Note that the isomorphisms in the definitions are not ring isomorphisms, they are module isomorphisms.
Properties
The main purpose of the invariant basis number condition is that free modules over an IBN ring satisfy an analogue of the dimension theorem for vector spaces: any two bases for a free module over an IBN ring have the same cardinality. Assuming the ultrafilter lemma (a strictly weaker form of the axiom of choice), this result is actually equivalent to the definition given here, and can be taken as an alternative definition.
The rank of a free module Rn over an IBN ring R is defined to be the cardinality of the exponent m of any (and therefore every) R-module Rm isomorphic to Rn. Thus the IBN property asserts that every isomorphism class of free R-modules has a unique rank. The rank is not defined for rings not satisfying IBN. For vector spaces, the rank is also called the dimension. Thus the result above is in short: the rank is uniquely defined for all free R-modules iff it is uniquely defined for finitely generated free R-modules.
Examples
Any field satisfies IBN, and this amounts to the fact that finite-dimensional vector spaces have a well defined dimension. Moreover, any commutative ring (except the zero ring) satisfies IBN, as does any left-Noetherian ring and any semilocal ring.
Let A be a commutative ring and assume there exists an A-module isomorphism . Let the canonical basis of An, which means is all zeros except a one in the i-th position. By Krull's theorem, let I a maximal proper ideal of A and . An A-module morphism means
because I am an ideal. So f induces an A/I-module morphism , that can easily be proven to be an isomorphism. Since A/I is a field, f''' is an isomorphism between finite dimensional vector spaces, so .
An example of a ring that does not satisfy IBN is the ring of column finite matrices , the matrices with coefficients in a ring R, with entries indexed by and with each column having only finitely many non-zero entries. That last requirement allows us to define the product of infinite matrices MN, giving the ring structure. A left module isomorphism is given by:
This infinite matrix ring turns out to be isomorphic to the endomorphisms of a right free module over R of countable rank, which is found on page 190 of .
From this isomorphism, it is possible to show (abbreviating ) that for any positive integer n, and hence for any two positive integers m and n''. There are other examples of non-IBN rings without this property, among them Leavitt algebras as seen in .
Other results
IBN is a necessary (but not sufficient) condition for a ring with no zero divisors to be embeddable in a division ring (confer field of fractions in the commutative case). See also the Ore condition.
Every nontrivial division ring or stably finite ring has invariant basis number.
References
Reprint of the 1974 original
Module theory
Commutative algebra
Ring theory
Homological algebra
The white-throated cacholote (Pseudoseisura gutturalis) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Argentina (Patagonia and the northwest).
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
white-throated cacholote
Endemic birds of Argentina
Birds of Patagonia
white-throated cacholote
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Helene Demuth (31 December 1820 – 4 November 1890) was a German housekeeper who worked for Jenny and Karl Marx, and later served as the household manager and political confidante of Friedrich Engels.
Biography
Helena Demuth was born of peasant parents on 31 December 1820 in Sankt Wendel in today's Saarland. In 1840 Helena and their older sister worked in Trier as maids, Helena in von Westphalen household, their sister in the house of a soapmaker two blocks away. They only worked there for about a year, then Katharina got pregnant and both went back to St. Wendel. In 1843 Helena lived in St. Wendel in the house of their mother in Grabenstrasse. In 1843 Karl Marx married Jenny von Westphalen. Helena Demuth joined their household in April 1845 in Brussels, where they were sent by Jenny's mother. They stayed with the Marxes as a lifelong housekeeper, friend, and political confidante, and was commonly known to the family by the nicknames Lenchen or Nim.
After Marx's death in March 1883, Helena Demuth moved to Engels's home, where they ran the household. The pair worked in tandem to organize and arrange for the publication of Marx's literary estate, discovering in the process the manuscript from which Engels was able to reconstruct the second volume of Das Kapital.
In October 1890, Helena was diagnosed with cancer. They died in London on 4 November that year at the age of 69. In accordance with Jenny Marx's wishes, they were buried in the Marx family grave and later re-interred in the tomb of Karl Marx at Highgate Cemetery.
Frederick Demuth
On 23 June 1851 Helene Demuth gave birth to a boy, Henry Frederick Demuth, the birth certificate leaving the name of the father blank. Some scholars accept that the child had been sired by Karl Marx, a view that reflects surviving correspondence from the Marx family and their wider circle, as well as the fact that Marx's wife had been on a trip abroad nine months prior to the birth. The baby was given Friedrich Engels' first name, and family correspondence suggests that Engels, a bachelor living in Manchester and Karl Marx's closest personal friend, claimed fatherhood of the boy. But that correspondence was written years after the actual event by one of Marx's daughters, who knew it from hearsay.
The child's paternity, however, remains a subject of discussion, with the academic Terrell Carver stating that, although it has been claimed since 1962 that Marx was the father, "this is not well founded on the documentary materials available", adding that "the gossip" is not supported by "direct evidence that bears unambiguously on this matter".
Shortly after the birth, the baby, Frederick Lewis Demuth (1851–1929), was placed with a working class foster family in London named Lewis. They later trained as a toolmaker, and was active in the Amalgamated Engineering Union and a founder member of the Hackney Labour Party. Eleanor Marx, Marx's youngest daughter, came to know Frederick some time after their father's death and made them a family friend.
Notes and references
External links
Helene Demuth
Terrel Carver, "Marx's ‘Illegitimate Son' ...or Gresham's Law in the World of Scholarship,"
1820 births
1890 deaths
People from Sankt Wendel (district)
Karl Marx
German domestic workers
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
German emigrants to England
Bhullatal, an artificial manmade lake dedicated to the Garhwali youth of The Garhwal Rifles who helped in construction of the lake, located at just 1 km from the Lansdowne, India.
Bhulla in Garhwali language means younger brother. Bhullatal is also known as Bhulla Lake.
Other attractions
There is ample boating facility at the lake with some ducks.
Gallery
See also
Lansdowne, India
Nainital
Bhimtal Lake
Lakes of Kumaon hills
Tarkeshwar Mahadev
References
External links
Official website of Uttarakhand Government
Bhullatal Lake on Vanvasa Resort website
Lakes of Uttarakhand
The Libyan League for Human Rights (LLHR) is a human rights organization in the Euro-Mediterranean Human Rights Network. LLHR was established on 2 March 1989 by Soliman Bouchuiguir, Hussein Raiani, Mohammad Zayyan, and Mansour Kikhia. According to the League's website, "Mansour Kikhia, former Libyan ambassador to the United Nations, had defected to the US in 1980 and, in December 1993, was kidnapped in Egypt and subsequently transported to Libya, where they are believed to have been executed."
As of 2001, LLHR was headquartered from Geneva, Switzerland, with branches in Bornheim, Germany and in England. Since then, it has opened operations in North America.
The group opposes the death penalty in Libya and throughout the world. Since the beginning of the 2011 Libyan civil war, LLHR has issued statements condemning the violent crackdown on protesters and Gaddafi's use of rape, torture, and abduction as instruments of war . It has also addressed the UN Human Rights Council and European Union on human rights violations during the civil war. LLHR played a role in raising awareness surrounding the detention of American citizen Abdelgader Gibani in February 2011 and in encouraging Americans to call the State Department to facilitate their release. Gibani was released on 2 March 2011. On January 27, 2012, the Libyan League for Human Rights opened an investigation into all interactions between Libyans and US law enforcement agencies and related bodies (including the FBI, CIA, local law enforcement, TSA, and CBP, as well as the Department of Homeland Security and State Department) since February 2011. LLHR cited evidence that the FBI and other US law enforcement agencies had targeted Libyan-American citizens in their homes and workplaces as well as at US-Canada border crossings and airports throughout the US. In its statement regarding the investigation, LLHR indicated that two American citizens of Libyan origin were currently being prevented from entering the US. LLHR highlighted that these actions "directly undermine Articles 9 through 12 of the Universal Declaration for Human Rights (UDHR), which protect all human beings from arbitrary arrest, detention, and exile, and arbitrary interference with privacy," as well as "the rights of these individuals to freedom of movement and to return to their country of citizenship, as affirmed in Article 13 of the UDHR."
References
First Libyan Civil War
Organizations based in Libya
International Federation for Human Rights member organizations
2020 Summer Olympics marketing was a long running campaign that began when Tokyo won its bid to host the games in 2013.
Symbols
Emblem
The official emblems for the 2020 Olympics and Paralympics were unveiled on 25 April 2016; designed by Asao Tokolo, who won a nationwide design contest, it takes the form of a ring in an indigo-coloured checkerboard pattern. The design is meant to "express a refined elegance and sophistication that exemplifies Japan". The checkered design resembles a pattern called ichimatsu moyo that was popular during the Edo period in Japan from 1603 to 1867. The designs replaced a previous emblem which had been scrapped due to allegations that it plagiarized the logo of the Théâtre de Liège in Belgium.
Slogan
The Tokyo bid slogan was Discover Tomorrow (). While ashita literally means 'tomorrow', it is intentionally spelled as mirai 'future'.
The official slogan for the Tokyo 2020 Games, United By Emotion (), was unveiled on 17 February 2020.
Mascots
The Tokyo 2020 Organising Committee began accepting submissions for the official mascots of the Games from 1 to 14 August 2017. A total of 2,042 entries were received. Three shortlisted entries were unveiled at the Kakezuka Elementary School on 7 December 2017. A poll was then conducted between 11 December 2017 and 22 February 2018 to choose the winning entry, with each participating elementary school class allocated one vote. The results were announced on 28 February 2018. The winning entry was candidate pair A, created by Ryo Taniguchi, which received 109,041 votes, followed by Kana Yano's pair B with 61,423 votes and Sanae Akimoto's pair C with 35,291 votes. Miraitowa is a figure with blue checkered patterns inspired by the Games' official logo, which has old-fashioned charm and new innovation combined with a special power of instant teleportation. Both Miraitowa and Someity were named by the Organising Committee on 22 July 2018.
Video games
Sega re-gained the rights to produce video games based on the Olympics, after the rights for 2018 were held by Ubisoft. Sega has developed officially licensed games for various platforms since the 2008 Summer Olympics, most notably the Mario & Sonic series.
At Sega Fest 2019, Sega announced they will be releasing four titles that will take place in the 2020 Olympics:
Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 - The Official Video Game (for Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, PC and PlayStation 4)
Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 (for Nintendo Switch)
Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 - Arcade Edition (for Arcades)
Sonic at the Olympic Games - Tokyo 2020 (for iOS and Android)
Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 on the Switch released on November 5, 2019, worldwide. Olympic Games Tokyo 2020 - The Official Video Game released on July 24, 2019, for PlayStation 4 and Nintendo Switch in East Asia, while the release date for the other territories is June 22. Sonic At The Olympic Games - Tokyo 2020 released for mobile devices on May 6, 2020. The arcade game came out in 2020.
In the Konami game, eBaseball Powerful Pro Yakyuu 2020, the game includes "Tokyo 2020 Olympics Mode" where players can play at the Fukushima Azuma Baseball Stadium and the Yokohama Stadium with Tokyo 2020 branding.
Corporate sponsorship and advertising
total sponsorship for the 2020 Games reached approximately $1.3 billion, setting an Olympics record (the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing attracted $1.2 billion).
Sponsors
Official songs and anthems
Like most Olympic Games has featured official songs for each sport event since 2021, the IOC and the Tokyo 2020 Organizing Committee to choose your favorite songs with lyrics.
Colorful J-pop artists have been tapped for a new song called “Colorful,” the official song produced by Team Coca-Cola for the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympics and Paralympic Games The following artists participated in the recording of the track celebrating diversity: Ai, Motohiro Hata, Little Glee Monster, Daichi Miura, Perfume, Taemin (SHINee), MIYAVI, Nasty C, Sabrina Carpenter, Ayumu Imazu, Blue Vintage, Mizki, Sanari, and Chikuzen Sato (Sing Like Talking).
Paprika (パプリカ) is a song by the children choral group Foorin. NHK invited Kenshi Yonezu to produce it as a cheer song for the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Wave Your Flag is song the international global pop music group Now United.
ASAP is a song recorded by South Korean girl group STAYC for their second single album Staydom.
Kite the Japanese boy band Arashi The song "Kite" served as the theme song for NHK's coverage of the 2020 Summer Olympics, including the special program "2020 Stadium" (2020スタジアム) hosted by the group.
Naoki Satō composed the music for the medal ceremonies. Satō chose not to employ any musical elements distinctive to Japan "because victory ceremonies are for athletes from around the world" and they wanted all medalists to "feel at ease" when taking their places on the podium, regardless of their nationality.
Imagine pre-recorded version of the song performed by John Legend, Keith Urban, Alejandro Sanz and Angélique Kidjo and Suginami Junior Chorus, with musical arrangement by Hans Zimmer, was featured in the opening ceremony for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo on July 23, 2021.
200 Copas The Colombian singer Karol G this new single 200 Copas.
Remember This the 2020 Tokyo Olympics came to a close. Luckily, the Jonas Brothers couldn't have brought a more perfect performance for the occasion with their upbeat hit single “Remember This”. on NBC.
Dreamers The South Korean Boy Band Ateez "Dreamers," a Japanese-language single included in the soundtrack of the anime "Digimon Adventure,".
See also
2008 Summer Olympics marketing
2012 Summer Olympics marketing
2016 Summer Olympics marketing
2024 Summer Olympics marketing
References
Marketing
Olympic marketing
Salvatore Avallone (born 30 August 1969, in Salerno) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a midfielder.
Honours
Juventus
UEFA Europa League winner: 1989–90.
Coppa Italia winner: 1989–90.
External links
1969 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Juventus F.C. players
U.S. Avellino 1912 players
Casale F.B.C. players
U.S. Alessandria Calcio 1912 players
S.S.D. Varese Calcio players
A.S.G. Nocerina players
S.S. Juve Stabia players
UEFA Cup winning players
Association football midfielders
The Cloutier river (in French: rivière Cloutier) flows in the municipalities of Sainte-Apolline-de-Patton, Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire, Cap-Saint-Ignace, in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
The Cloutier river is a tributary of the southwest shore of the Bras Saint-Nicolas, which flows on the southeast shore of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny); the latter flows north-east to the south shore of the St. Lawrence River.
Geography
The main neighboring watersheds of the Cloutier river are:
north side: St. Lawrence River, Bras Saint-Nicolas, Inconnue River;
east side: Bras Saint-Nicolas, Méchant Pouce River;
south side: rivière du Sud (Montmagny), Fraser River, Alick River;
west side: rivière des Perdrix, rivière du Sud (Montmagny).
The Cloutier river "has its source on the northern slope of the Notre Dame Mountains, in the municipality of Sainte-Apolline-de-Patton. Several branches of mountain and forest streams feed the head of the Cloutier river.
From its source, the Cloutier river flows over , with a drop of , divided into the following segments:
towards the north by pronouncing a curve towards the west, in Sainte-Apolline-de-Patton, to the limit of Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire;
northward, up to the limit of the townships of Ashburton (Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire) and Bourdages (Sainte-Apolline-de-Patton);
northeasterly, up to the limit between Sainte-Apolline-de-Patton and Cap-Saint-Ignace;
by forming a loop towards the north in Cap-Saint-Ignace, up to the limit of Sainte-Apolline-de-Patton;
northeasterly, up to its confluence.
The Cloutier river flows on the southwest bank of the Bras Saint-Nicolas. This confluence is located upstream of the "Great lock" and downstream of the mouth of the Méchant Pouce River.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière Cloutier was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
The women's artistic team competition of the gymnastics events at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games were held in Cartagena, Colombia, on July 17.
Final
References
Central American and Caribbean Games
Gymnastics at the 2006 Central American and Caribbean Games
Villena is a city and municipality in the province of Alicante.
Villena may also refer to:
Seigneury of Villena, an ancient feudal state of southern Spain
People with the name
Enrique de Villena, Spanish medieval writer and scientist.
Luis Antonio de Villena, contemporary Spanish poet and writer
See also
Treasure of Villena, a find of gold of the European Bronze Age
Insulative paints, or insulating paints are a specially designed type of paint in which can be used to coat a surface (e.g a wall) to reduce heat transfer as well as increase the thermal insulating property (R-value in order to aid cooling and heating efforts for example.Insulative paints use a technology where a broad spectrum thermally reflective coating is applied to a specific type of micro-spheres to block heat radiation in a larger range of thermal energy (heat) to dissipate heat rapidly. This type of coated thermally reflective material (coated micro-sphere) reduces heat transfer through the coating with 90% of solar infrared radiation and 85% of ultraviolet radiation being radiated back from the coated surface[1]
An "insulative" or "insulating" paint works bi-directionally (reflects heat coming from either direction toward the painted surface. An example of this would be an exterior wall of a building to which an "insulative" or "insulating" paint has been applied. Solar induced heat (direct sunlight) is reflected from the surface as well as heat (winter months) that is migrating through the wall outward toward the colder outside air. A "thermal Image" or infra-red photograph will clearly show the reduction of winter time heat loss from a home through areas that have been painted with a true "insulative" or "insulating" paint.
The ability to reflect or block heat from all sources such as fireplaces, heaters, and radiators inside a building as well as sunlight is the value of a true "insulative" or "insulating" paint. These products reduce the work (heat loading) that "resistance insulation" such a fiberglass, foam, and rock wool have to do. These are typical insulation materials used in walls as well as ceilings of buildings.
So far no manufacturer has provided any independent test results to substantiate any claims of improved performance over standard paint technology. All independent tests have shown that the proprietary formulas offer no advantages at all over plain old acrylic paint. In spite of impressive "web presence" several of these companies appear to be "ghost ships" operating in the cloak of obscurity offered by internet sales and unable to provide any local representation or product stocks.
Other types of "insulating paint"
"Insulative" or "insulating paint" is not proven by any existing scientific methodology.
Deception and fraud
There are deceptive companies that are marketing "insulating paint" for many applications who are engaged in a scam, and several such companies have been forced to cease their marketing practices after receiving warning letters from the Federal Trade Commission.
These companies are merely riding the coat tails of legitimate companies engaged in the ceramic and coatings industries, and are more marketing than substance. They incorporate materials such as glass spheres or fly ash into low quality paints. Scammers have been selling “insulating” paint to gullible consumers for at least 27 years. Two companies that offer insulating paint are Super Therm and Nansulate. The product names continue to change as consumers report continued deception to the Better Business Bureau and other venues.The insulative paints are currently marketed under the Synavax and Syneffex names. The reports from the Better Business Bureau indicate that these companies are only shell companies, and if gullible consumers actually send funds for the promised products, the funds will be kept and no products will be shipped.
The CCHRC (Cold Climate Housing Research Center) researchers concluded that "there was no discernible difference in the performance of the Super Therm or Nansulate in comparison to regular latex paint during the energy monitoring tests." They also said, "Such products have the primary goal of reducing solar absorption to decrease air conditioning loads. Such considerations were not included in our tests, as they are not considered of primary importance for Alaska's climate."
Use in the space program
The areas of the Space Shuttle that had the highest heat loading due to friction upon the shuttle's re-entry with the Earth's atmosphere were coated with a black carbon material which emitted over 90% of the friction-induced heat that the shuttle experienced upon re-entry.
Although the ceramic technology was developed by NASA, no one has worked "with" NASA in developing products of this type or their associated coatings. Any statements to the contrary are merely marketing and misleading.
The technology was considered declassified and released to the public in 1996. It is then up to the world marketplace to take the work of NASA scientists and researchers, and develop products from that point. Since 1976, NASA has featured between 40 and 50 commercial products which have benefited humankind worldwide as a result of NASA technology in their annual premiere publication Spinoff Magazine. In 2003, after exhaustive research into how their technology was utilized, NASA selected the original Spinoff industry leader.
See also
Passive cooling
Radiant barrier
Reflective surfaces (geoengineering)
References
External links
Does insulation paint make any difference? - Telegraph
Official NASA '''' magazine article
Paints
Hagen Kunze (born 1973) is a German journalist, music critic and playwright.
Life
Kunze comes from a pastor's family and learned piano at an early age. They attended the special school for music education in Zwickau and studied musicology, journalism and philosophy in Leipzig, Graz and Halle (Saale). Afterwards, they worked as a freelance journalist and music critic as well as church musician - they wrote for daily newspapers and professional journals, such as the Neue Musikzeitung.
Kunze was an editor and later editorial director of the Döbelner Allgemeine Zeitung - Leipziger Volkszeitung. This was followed by a position as personal assistant to the Saxon CDU member of the European Parliament Lutz Goepel. From 2008 to 2012, they were a chief dramaturge of the in Freiberg/Döbeln. They also worked as a teacher at the Döbeln grammar school. Since 2013, they have been teaching at the Evangelische Oberschule Lunzenau. Kunze gained media recognition when they appeared in the satirical programme Extra3 and a TV report was dedicated to him. This happened because they did not have a particulate matter sticker on their electric car and parked in Leipzig.
Kunze is a member of the CDU.
Work
Das kleine Bach-Büchlein: ein Gespräch mit Johann Sebastian Bach., Minibibliothek, Buchverlag für die Frau, Leipzig 2000.
Lobgesang: Mendelssohn in Leipzig, Lehmanns Media, Berlin 2009.
Clara & Robert Schumann: Musik und Liebe, 2009.
Musikalischer Stadtrundgang durch Leipzig, 2012.
Musenkuss: Richard Wagner und die Frauen., 2013.
Der Thomanerchor Leipzig zwischen 1928 und 1950: Umbrüche: Erinnerungen und Dokumente. CD supplements with the earliest sound recordings of the Thomanerchor since 1928, Edition Thomanerchor vol. 1, Querstand, Altenburg 2013 (ed. with Steffen Lieberwirth).
Der Thomanerchor Leipzig in frühesten Filmdokumenten. Zwischen Tradition und Moderne; DVD with Filmdokumenten des Thomanerchores von 1941,1942 and 2012, Edition Thomanerchor Bd. 2, Querstand, Altenburg 2013 (ed. with Stefan Altner and Günter Atteln)
Das Thomaner-Büchlein, 2014.
Große Sachsen, Minibibliothek, 2015.
Die Geheimnisse der Familie Bach, 2015.
Wunderkinder.
200 Jahre Opernchor Leipzig (ed.), Verlag Klaus-Jürgen Kamprad, Altenburg 2017
Große Thüringer, 2017
Spioninnen: Mata Hari und andere Frauen in geheimer Mission, 2017
Gin, 2018
Leonardo da Vinci, 2019
Beethoven und die Liebe, 2019
References
External links
Hagen Kunze auf der Webseite des Buchverlags für die Frau
German music critics
Dramaturges
20th-century German journalists
German opinion journalists
Christian Democratic Union of Germany politicians
1973 births
Living people
Three Songs is an EP by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs, released in 1981. It was the first recording released by the band.
The EP was included on Hello Cruel World, released in 1987.
Critical reception
AllMusic called it "a mix of homemade melodic genius, lo-fi recording that has a soul, lyrics cribbed from the heart of a life-loving crank, and a basketful of unexplained noises that only happen in the middle of the night when you're alone in the house."
Legacy
Chris Jenkins, in Rock: The Rough Guide, credited the EP with helping to introduce the practice of lo-fi home recording.
Track listing
"Nothing's Going to Happen"
"Luck or Loveliness"
"All My Hollowness to You"
References
Tall Dwarfs albums
1981 debut EPs
Flying Nun Records EPs
Langenpreising is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Erding (district)
Powellana is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae, endemic to the Afrotropical realm. Powellana is monotypic, containing the single species Powellana cottoni found in Cameroon, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Equateur and Sankuru) and Uganda (from the western part of the country to the Bwamba Valley).
References
Seitz, A. Die Gross-Schmetterlinge der Erde 13: Die Afrikanischen Tagfalter. Plate XIII 64 g
Poritiinae
Monotypic butterfly genera
Taxa named by George Thomas Bethune-Baker
Lycaenidae genera
Groton is a village in Tompkins County, New York, United States. The population was 2,363 at the 2010 census.
The Village of Groton is near the center of the Town of Groton and is northeast of Ithaca and west of Cortland.
History
The village lies within the former Central New York Military Tract and was first settled by outsiders around 1795. Before then, the only purpose of the land surrounding Groton was to host the winding trails of the Native Americans that once lived in central New York. Also, they used the Owasco Inlet as a water source for their people, and possibly for transportation, though it is very shallow at some points. The village was within Cayuga County until Tompkins County was formed in 1817.
The Village of Groton was incorporated in 1860.
The village was served by the Southern Central Railroad, and then later by the Lehigh Valley Railroad after the former was incorporated into the latter's system.
The Groton Historical Association Museum, at 172 Main Street, occupies a former Baptist meetinghouse.
The Groton High School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992. Students now attend Groton Junior/Senior High School.
Geography
Groton is located at (42.586922, -76.364908).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the village has a total area of 1.7 square miles (4.5 km2).None of the area is covered with water.
New York State Route 38 intersects New York State Route 222 in the village.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,470 people, 960 households, and 627 families residing in the village. The population density was 1,427.1 people per square mile (551.3/km2). There were 1,028 housing units at an average density of 593.9 per square mile (229.4/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 97.29% White, 0.57% Black or African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.08% Asian, 0.20% from other races, and 1.70% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.36% of the population.
There were 960 households, out of which 34.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were married couples living together, 12.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.6% were non-families. 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.05.
In the village, the population was spread out, with 27.4% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 28.1% from 25 to 44, 22.0% from 45 to 64, and 16.7% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 90.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 79.9 males.
The median income for a household in the village was $36,047, and the median income for a family was $43,563. Males had a median income of $31,250 versus $24,000 for females. The per capita income for the village was $18,108. About 3.5% of families and 5.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.2% of those under age 18 and 3.3% of those age 65 or over.
References
External links
Town of Groton, NY
Groton, NY Weather
13073.com - Miscellaneous Community Web Site
1860 establishments in New York (state)
Populated places established in 1860
Villages in Tompkins County, New York
Villages in New York (state)
The Nordenskjöld ( or ) is a lake in Torres del Paine National Park in the Magallanes Region, southern Chile. The lake is named after the Swede Otto Nordenskiöld who discovered the lake in the beginning of the 20th century. The outfall of Nordenskjöld Lake consists of a waterfall known as Salto Grande. At this western end of the lake on the southern side is an abundance of wildlife including wild grazing guanaco.
See also
French Glacier
Notes
References
Gobierno de Chile. 2004. Cuenca del Río Serrano
C. Michael Hogan. 2008. Guanaco: Lama guanicoe, GlobalTwitcher.com, ed. N. Strömberg
Earth Info. 2002. earth-info.nga.mil webpage: Complete Files of Geographic Names for Geopolitical Areas from GNS (ISO/IEC 10646 Unicode UTF-8)
Lakes of Chile
Lakes of Magallanes Region
Torres del Paine National Park
The Logan Express is an airport bus shuttle which operates between Boston Logan International Airport and Massachusetts suburbs. The service, which is funded by Massport, consists of five routes that run between all of Logan Airport's terminals and the towns of Braintree, Framingham, Peabody, Woburn, and the Boston neighborhood of Back Bay. Each route runs direct between the airport and its suburban terminus on a set schedule.
The Logan Express operates using motorcoach-style buses on most of its routes, except for Back Bay, which uses Massport owned airport shuttle buses. Passengers traveling to Logan Airport on the service are dropped off at each terminal's departures level, while passengers taking the service from the airport are picked up on the arrivals level at designated curbs. Buses make onboard announcements detailing which terminal stop passengers should disembark at, depending on which airline they are flying.
Massport considers the Logan Express to be a part of its strategy to reduce traffic congestion at the airport, improving passenger experience and reducing the environmental impact of traveling to the airport. Riders are encouraged to park at lots located at each of the suburban terminals (except for Back Bay).
Routes
In addition to their suburban terminus, all Logan Express routes make five stops at Logan Airport: Terminal A, two stops at Terminal B, Terminal C, and Terminal E. On outbound trips, buses depart Terminal A at the time listed on their schedule, with departures from the following terminals occurring sequentially after.
Back Bay
Buses to Back Bay are operated by Massport and make two stops in the neighborhood, at Hynes Convention Center and the MBTA's Back Bay station. Buses departing Logan Airport are free for passengers, while trips to the airport are $3.00. This service runs daily every 20 minutes, starting at the top of the hour, from 5:00 am to 10:00 pm. Travel time is approximately 20 minutes. Back Bay buses wear a standard Massport bus livery but are highlighted with orange accents and have additional Logan Express titles.
Braintree
Buses to Braintree are operated by Paul Revere Bus Company and stop at a dedicated terminal opposite the South Shore Plaza. Like the Back Bay route, buses depart every 20 minutes starting at the top of the hour, beginning as early as 2:00 am on weekdays and as late at 1:15 am daily. Travel time is typically between 30 and 45 minutes. Braintree buses are painted in a blue Logan Express livery. The Braintree route is the system's busiest, with over 740,000 annual riders.
Framingham
Buses to Framingham are operated by Fox Bus Company and stop at a dedicated terminal on Burr Street. Buses depart the terminal and the airport every half hour on the half hour from 4:00 am to midnight, with additional trips as early as 2:15 am, and travel times range from 30 to 45 minutes. Framingham buses are painted in a red Logan Express livery. The Framingham route has over 580,000 annual riders.
Peabody
Buses to Peabody are operated by McGinn Bus Company and stop on Newbury Street at a dedicated lot. Travel time is 30 to 45 minutes and buses operate every hour between 3:15 am and 1:15 am, departing at quarter past the hour. Peabody buses are painted in a purple Logan Express livery.
Woburn
Buses to Woburn are also operated by Paul Revere Bus Company and stop at the Anderson Regional Transportation Center in Wobourn. Here, passengers can connect to the MBTA Commuter Rail or Amtrak's Downeaster. Travel time is 30 to 45 minutes and buses operate every half hour on the half hour between 4:00 am and midnight, with additional early and late trips on a less frequent schedule. Woburn buses are painted in a green Logan Express livery.
Fares
One way fares for riding the Logan express range from free to $12.00. Parking at each of the termini is $7.00 per day. Some routes offer additional incentives, such as complimentary expedited TSA security screening at the airport. Buses from Back Bay do not accept cash and fares must be paid by credit or debit on board. For all other routes, tickets can be purchased with cash or credit either in the terminal (for travel to the airport) or onboard upon arrival (for travel from the airport).
Future plans
As Logan Express ridership increases, and traffic congestion at the airport worsens, Massport continues to consider adding new routes. Currently, a route to North Station is in the planning stages, primarily fueled by the success of the intra-city Back Bay route. Additionally, a new route to an undisclosed suburban location is expected within the next five years, along with online ticket reservations. Massport states that their future Logan Express improvement plans are expected to double ridership and will remove up to three million vehicle trips from the roads in and around Logan Airport.
References
External links
Logan Express Site
Logan International Airport
Bus transportation in Massachusetts
Bus transportation in the Boston area
Transportation in Braintree, Massachusetts
Airport bus services
The United States national professional ballroom dance champions are crowned at the United States Dance Championships (formerly USBC and USDSC), as recognized by the National Dance Council of America (NDCA) and the World Dance & DanceSport Council (WD&DSC).
The International Latin division consists of International-style cha cha, samba, rumba, paso doble, and jive.
U.S. National Champions
See also
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Standard)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Smooth)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Rhythm)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional 10-Dance)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional 9-Dance)
Dancesport World Champions (Latin)
References
External links
United States Dance Sport Championships (USDSC)
National Dance Council of America (NDCA)
Dancesport Competitions
Dancesport Info
Dancesport in the United States
Latin dances
Almeric George Hall (12 November 1912 - 7 November 1994) was an English footballer and manager.
Born in Hove, Hall, a striker, began their professional career in 1930 with their local club Brighton & Hove Albion. Before making any appearances for the Sussex club they moved to Tottenham Hotspur. They scored twice on their Spurs debut, in a 2-1 victory over Grimsby Town at White Hart Lane on Boxing Day 1934 in the First Division. They later played for Southend United, Bradford City, where their one appearance was later expunged from the records after the outbreak of the Second World War.
After the war they played for West Ham United where they made 50 Football League appearances, having previously appeared as a guest player for West Ham during the war, before moving to non-league Margate in 1950 as player-manager.
They played for the Kent club until 1953, when they retired from playing to concentrate on management and remained the club's manager until 1970. Their twenty-year reign making them the club's longest serving manager. They led the team to a host of regional cup finals, as well as taking them into the rounds proper of the FA Cup on eleven occasions, but was not able to bring them any significant success in the league.
After leaving Margate they had a spell as a scout for Luton Town.
References
1912 births
1994 deaths
People from Hove
Tottenham Hotspur F.C. players
West Ham United F.C. players
Southend United F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Margate F.C. players
Margate F.C. managers
English footballers
Association football forwards
English football managers
Southwick F.C. players
West Ham United F.C. wartime guest players
Brighton & Hove Albion F.C. players
Association football scouts
Luton Town F.C. non-playing staff
KTBZ may refer to:
KTBZ (AM), a radio station (1430 AM) licensed to Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States
KTBZ-FM, a radio station (94.5 FM) licensed to Houston, Texas, United States
Redway Manor is a manor house on the Isle of Wight, situated in the parish of Arreton.
A member of Arreton Manor, it lies to the south of Perreton Manor, between it and the Budbridge and Hale moors. It was devised by Thomas Lord Colepeper to their natural daughter Charlotte, who married Robert Pushall towards the close of the 17th century. After being variously owned, it was bought in 1898 by Mr. Samuel Peters and as of 1912 was occupied by their son Mr. J. C. Peters. The house, a building very similar to Perreton, has lately been remodelled, gables added on the south and a porch to the north front. It lies to the north of the railway about midway between Merston and Horringford, commanding a fine view of the valley.
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Manor houses in England
M1 GOLD is a Croatian commercial cable television movie channel based in Zagreb, Croatia. The program is mainly produced in Croatian and Bosnian language. It is available via cable systems and IPTV platforms throughout the Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia.
References
External links
M1 Film
M1 FILM in Facebook
Mass media in Sarajevo
Movie channels
Television stations in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Arta Region (, ) is one of the six regions of Djibouti. It was officially created in 2003 by the regrouping of districts of the regions of Dikhil and Djibouti. It is situated in the south-central of the country, bordering the Tadjoura Region to the north, and the Djibouti Region to the north-east, and Dikhil Region the Ali Sabieh Region to the south, the country of Somaliland lies to the east.
The capital of Arta Region is Arta. Other towns include We`a, Damerjog and Loyada. The Hemed mountain is the highest point in the region of Arta.
History
Nomadic life in the Arta Region dates back at least 2,000 years. During the Middle Ages, the Arta Region was ruled by the Ifat Sultanate and the Adal Sultanate. It later formed a part of the French Somaliland protectorate in the first half of the 20th century. Loyada village has a beautiful beach and a picturesque palm grove and the tombs of great historical leaders of this region. Halfway between Loyada and Djibouti, the small village of Damerjog and gardens with traditional irrigation systems. The Region of Arta is situated at the boundary of the Afar and Issa Somali sociolinguistic groups.
Overview
This region has an area of around 1,800 square kilometers. According to the 2009 Census, the local population consists of 42,380 individuals, 17,775 of whom are nomads.
Arta was established after the end of the Djiboutian Civil War in 1994. In 2000, peace talks between various factions of the Somali Civil War were held in Arta city, resulting in the establishment of the Transitional National Government of Somalia.
The Region's coast is noted for its marine life, including like turtles, dolphins, whale sharks, manta rays, giant grouper, blue spotted rays and other varieties of sharks. Located on the heights of the Arta mountains, more than 700 meters, Arta has a mild climate and is located approximately 20 minutes from Djibouti city with views of the Gulf of Tadjoura.
Volcanology
In 1972, a seismism detection network was installed by the Paris Institute of Earth Physics (IPGP), three stations were created in Arta, Tadjourah, Atar. In 1996, the Geoscope station was moved to Arta tunnel at the same time as the 3 component station of Arta (ARO became ATD). Today, the geophysical observatory of Arta is operated jointly by the IPGP, the Djiboutian Ministry of Higher Education and Research and the Center for Study and Research of Djibouti.
Climate
The climate of Arta Region is generally semi-arid to arid, and its territory is mostly covered by mountains, high plains, and desert. The climate of the coastal strip is influenced by warm ocean waters, keeping the region free from extremes of temperature and providing moisture for rainfall. However, most of the Arta Region populace experience two weather seasons: a "winter" period of rather cold and warm temperatures and higher levels of rainfall and a sultry summer period of hot, sticky temperatures.
The annual mean statistics for some Arta Region centres is shown below:
Towns
References
Regions of Djibouti
Diastella is a genus containing seven species of flowering plants, commonly known as “silkypuffs”, in the protea family. The name comes from the Greek diastellein “to separate”, with reference to the free perianth lobes – the plants are distinguished from the closely related and similar leucospermums by the possession of four free perianth segments. The genus is endemic to the Cape Floristic Region of South Africa where it has a very limited range and is associated with fynbos habitats. The species are all small shrubs. Most species are threatened.
Species
Described species and subspecies are listed below, with their conservation status:
Diastella buekii (Gand.) Rourke – Franschhoek silkypuff – CR
Diastella divaricata (P.J.Bergius) Rourke
Diastella divaricata subsp. divaricata – Peninsula silkypuff – Rare
Diastella divaricata subsp. montana Rourke – Mountain silkypuff – VU
Diastella fraterna Rourke – Palmiet silkypuff – Rare
Diastella myrtifolia (Thunb.) Salisb. ex Knight – Tulbagh silkypuff – CR
Diastella parilis Salisb. ex Knight – Worcester silkypuff – CR
Diastella proteoides (L.) Druce – Flats silkypuff – CR
Diastella thymelaeoides (P.J.Bergius) Rourke
Diastella thymelaeoides subsp. thymelaeoides – Steenbras silkypuff – NT
Diastella thymelaeoides subsp. meridiana Rourke – Hangklip Silkypuff – VU
References
Proteaceae genera
Endemic flora of South Africa
Flora of the Cape Provinces
is a sports arcade game that was released by Namco in 1995; it runs on Namco NB-2 hardware and is the sequel to Numan Athletics, which was released in the previous year.
The players must take control of up to seven new (and selectable) Numans:
Masala T. (Tikka) Masala (India, born in 1801) - age 194; highest speed, but lowest power
Johnny Sanders (United States, born on 7 August 1969) - age 25; balanced speed and power
Makoto Kotobuki (Japan, born on 10 October 1975) - age 19; high speed, low power
In the Asia version, they are known as Li Shao-Yen (China).
Sophia Rayleigh (United Kingdom, born on 14 July 1970) - age 24; high speed, low power
Long Rui Huan (Communist China, born on 1 January 1953) - age 41; low speed, high power
Michael Fletcher (Jamaica, born on 25 September 1966) - age 28; low speed, high power
Karl Weisemann (Germany, born on 9 May 1957) - age 37; lowest speed, but highest power
All seven of these new Numans have different speed and power levels, and if less than four players are present, the CPU will randomly select up to three of the other Numans to compete against them (but they will be differently-colored); the competition takes place over five days, and on the second, third and fourth ones, there are three (four on the third day) different events that must be qualified for. If any player fails to qualify for an event on these days, they lose and will have to insert another coin and continuing in order to try again. Each of the Numans has their own unique ending sequence (much like the four lords from Exvania), which means a player will have to finish the game with all seven of them to see them all.
The starter lights on the "Hyper Glider" event also look like Pac-Man, and a picture of them also appears on the side of a passing airship (along with Prince Gilgamesh and Princess Ki from The Tower of Druaga, Momo Kanda from Wonder Momo, Valkyrie from Valkyrie no Densetsu, Hiromi Tengenji from Burning Force, and Pitt and Patti from Tinkle Pit) - while Miyuki Chan (from Ordyne) can get seen running a "Prince Paco" (from Marvel Land) taco stand, and the Dig Dug characters can be seen in the "Ground Spike" event as the crack a Numan makes in the ground goes deeper.
Reception
In Japan, Game Machine listed Mach Breakers: Numan Athletics 2 on their April 1, 1995 issue as being the ninth most-successful arcade game of the month.
References
External links
Mach Breakers: Numan Athletics 2 at the Arcade History database
1995 video games
Arcade video games
Arcade-only video games
Japan-exclusive video games
Namco arcade games
Sports video games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games scored by Nobuyoshi Sano
Rabbi Yitzchak Dovber Schneersohn of Liadi (1833-1910), was a Hasidic rebbe in the town of Liadi. Rabbi Yitzchak Dovber was the son of Rabbi Chaim Schneur Zalman of Liadi (son of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn, the third rebbe of Chabad). Rabbi Yitzchak Dovber succeeded their father as rebbe for a number of Chabad Chasidim in Lyady. Their brother-in-law, Rabbi Levi Yitzchak became a rebbe in the town of Sirotin (Siratshin). They and their brother-in-law were the last rebbes of the Liadi branch of Chabad.
Rebbe in Liadi
After the death of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn (the third rebbe of Chabad-Lubavitch), several of their sons independently assumed the role of rebbe. Rabbi Yitzchak Dovber's father, Chaim Schneur Zalman assumed the role of rebbe in the Liadi, the same town Rabbi Shneur Zalman of Liadi (the first rebbe of Chabad-Lubavitch), was rebbe. Following Rabbi Chaim Schneur Zalman's death, Rabbi Yitzchak Dovber assumed the title of rebbe in Liadi.
Family
The sons of Rabbi Yitzchak Dovber include Reb Sholom Shachna who filled their place role in Liadi, Reb Yehuda Leib who served as a rabbi in Homel, Siratin, and Vitebsk, Reb Boruch who was a business person in Smolensk.
Works authored
Siddur T'filah al pi Nusach HaArizal im Pirush Maharid - A siddur with Chasidic commentary, printed in 1913, Berditchev
Likkutei Ma'amarim - Chasidic discourses, printed in 1918, Poltava
See also
Chabad offshoot groups
References
Rebbes of Chabad
1835 births
1910 deaths
Schneersohn family
The Osage Treaty (also known as the Treaty with the Osage) was signed in St. Louis, MO, on June 2, 1825 between William Clark on behalf of the United States and members of the Osage Nation. The accord contained fourteen articles. Based on the most important terms of the accord, the Osage ceded multiple territories to the United States government. According to the first article of the treaty, the territories ceded entailed lands lying within and west of both the State of Missouri and the Territory of Arkansas, lands lying north and west of the Red River, all territories south and east of the Kansas River, and all lands located through the Rock Saline. The accord was proclaimed on December 30, 1825.
See also
Osage Treaty (disambiguation)
List of treaties
References
Sources
Oklahoma State University Library (Kappler Project: Indian Affairs: Laws and Treaties) - Treaty With The Osage, 1825
External links
Wikisource - Treaty With The Osage, 1825
United States and Native American treaties
1825 treaties
Pierre-André Chiappori is a French-Monégasque economist currently E. Rowan and Barbara Steinschneider Professor of Economics at Columbia University. Their research focuses on household behavior, general equilibrium and mathematical economics.
Education
Chiappori studied at École normale supérieure (Paris) between 1974 and 1979. During that period, they also studied at various Parisian universities, receiving degrees in mathematics, statistics, and economics. They graduated with a Ph.D. in economics from the University Paris I in 1981.
Career
Chiappori's first academic post was as an assistant professor at their alma mater, University Paris I. They then became a Maître de conférences at the Ecole des Hautes Etudes en Sciences Sociales in 1985, followed by an appointment at the CNRS and the Ecole Polytechnique. The ENSAE appointed them to professor of economics in 1992, they held this post while also being a senior researcher at the CNRS. They left France for a professorship at the University of Chicago in 1997, and took up their current position at Columbia University in 2005, after a year-long stay at the same university as a visiting professor.
They have served various journals in an editorial capacity, such as the Review of Economics of the Household, the Journal of Political Economy and the Journal of the European Economic Association.
They were elected fellow of the Econometric Society and the European Economic Association in 1995 and 2004, respectively. In 2015 they were made fellow of the Society for the Advancement of Economic Theory.
Selected works
References
External links
Webpage at the website of Columbia University
French economists
Monacan people
Columbia University faculty
Mathematical economists
École Normale Supérieure alumni
Paris Diderot University alumni
Pantheon-Sorbonne University alumni
CNRS research directors
University of Chicago faculty
School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences faculty
École Polytechnique faculty
Fellows of the Econometric Society
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Fellows of the European Economic Association
21st-century Native Americans
Robert John Pack (born 27 August 1970) is a former English cricketer. Pack was a left-handed batsman who bowled slow left-arm orthodox. They were born at Kettering, Northamptonshire.
Pack made their debut in County Cricket for Bedfordshire in the 1998 Minor Counties Championship against Cumberland. They played 2 further championship matches for the county in 1998.
In 1999, they first represented the Northamptonshire Cricket Board, making their debut in List A for them against Wiltshire in the 1999 NatWest Trophy and playing one further match for the Board against Northumberland in the 2000 NatWest Trophy.
In 2001, they rejoined Bedfordshire. From 2001 to 2002, they have represented the county in 8 Championship matches, the last of which came against Cumberland. Their debut for the county in the MCCA Knockout Trophy came against Cambridgeshire in 2002. During the 2002 season, they represented the county in 4 further Trophy matches, the last of which came against the Sussex Cricket Board.
During their second spell with the county, they represented Bedfordshire in 2 List A match. These came against Hertfordshire in the 1st round of the 2003 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was played in 2002 and the Netherlands in the 2nd round of the same competition, also played in 2002.
In their career total of 3 List A match, they took 8 wickets at a bowling average of 11.62, with best figures of 3/1.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kettering
English cricketers
Bedfordshire cricketers
Northamptonshire Cricket Board cricketers
Joseph W. Pace II (born October 20, 1965) is an American gospel musician. They started their music career, in 1996, with Colorado Mass Choir. They have released fourteen albums with eleven of them charting on the Billboard magazine Gospel Albums chart. They have released albums with a myriad of label imprints, such as the following: Zomba Records, Verity Records, Alliant Records, Word Records, Epic Records, Integrity Music, Columbia Records, NuSpring Music, Sony Music, and Tyscot Records.
Early life
Pace was born on October 20, 1965 in Homestead, Florida, as Joseph W. Pace II, which their father served in the military causing the family to relocate often. Their father is a pastor at a church in Montgomery, Alabama. Their father serving in the military was the reason the family relocated to Colorado, so this was the impetus for the birth of Joe Pace & the Colorado Mass Choir.  They are an ordained Baptist and Church of God in Christ preacher, and they got their honorary doctorate from Inman Bible College.
Music career
Their music career began in 1996, with the Colorado Mass Choir that formed in 1995, who were choir members from various churches in Colorado. They have released fourteen albums, with all but three of those charting on the Billboard magazine Gospel Albums chart. Their albums were the following: 1997's Watch God Move with Zomba Records, 1998's So Good! with Verity Records, 1999's God's Got It with Verity Records, 2001's Joe Pace Presents: Let There Be Praise with Word Records, Epic Records, and Integrity Music, 2001's Glad About It with Word, Epic, and Integrity, 2002's Joe Pace Presents: Shake the Foundation with Integrity, 2002' In the Spirit with Integrity, 2003's Speak Life with Integrity, 2004's Joe Pace Presents: Sunday Morning Service with Integrity and Epic, 2006's Might Long Way with Columbia Records, 2006's Praise 'Til You Break through with Alliant Records, 2007's Joe Pace Presents: Worship for the Kingdom with NuSpring Music, 2007's Joe Pace Presents: Worship for the Kids with Sony Music, and 2010's Joe Pace Presents: Praise for the Sanctuary with Tyscot Records. These albums charted on the Billboard magazine Gospel Albums chart, except for Speak Life, Praise 'Til You Break through, and Joe Pace Presents: Worship for the Kids. They won the Stellar Award for New Artist of the year in 1997 with The Colorado Mass Choir.
Discography
References
External links
Official website
1965 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Colorado
Musicians from Florida
Songwriters from Colorado
Songwriters from Florida
Epic Records artists
Columbia Records artists
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
Danny Epps (May 14, 1941 in Lufkin, Texas – October 29, 2007 in Houston, Texas) was a Columbia Records, Crazy Cajun Records and StarPlay Records artist.
Their last album, Rumors Of The Truth, was recorded in 2006 for the indie label StarPlay Records. Mickey Newbury, writing in the liner notes for Epps' first Columbia album described them as "another Texas songwriter from the mold of Willie Nelson, Kris Kristofferson, Townes Van Zandt, Dennis Linde, and Gene Thomas" Danny toured with legendary performers Billy Joe Shaver and Bobby Bare. They wrote hundreds of songs recorded by many notable performers, including Freddy Fender, Don Gibson, Brenda Lee, Dickey Lee, Johnny Lee, Roger Miller and many others. Their style of music has been described as Blues, Folk and Country; at times all three.
Danny Epps served as a Marine in Vietnam and after discharge worked for several years with Delta Air Lines at Houston, Texas. They left that company in 1970 for their number one love, music. They worked as a studio musician, producer, and songwriter for Crazy Cajun Music and recorded one album, Laid Back Country Picker for that company. After fronting several country bands in the late 60s in the Houston area, Danny moved to Nashville where they wrote for several publishing houses and worked as a studio musician, playing guitar and harmonica on several major albums. They recorded their first Columbia album, Danny Epps in 1972. After several years of songwriting and recording in Nashville and touring with their own band Danny gave up music for fifteen years and worked in construction around the country. They returned to Houston (and to music) in 1999. Danny recorded their last album, Rumors of the Truth, for StarPlay Records in 2005.
In a 2008 Epps retrospective for the magazine No Depression, columnist Lloyd Sachs wrote of Epps, "His plainspoken, marginally inflected vocals, reminiscent of Billy Joe Shaver's, have an appealing directness. ...Epps comes across as a nowhere man looking for somewhere to ease theirs hurts."
References
1941 births
2007 deaths
People from Lufkin, Texas
Musicians from Houston
Songwriters from Texas
20th-century American musicians
Ancyroclepsis rhodoconia is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Nepal, China (Likiang) and Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 1976
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Alexey Diakonoff
Relentless is the second studio album by American metalcore band For the Fallen Dreams. It is the first album to feature vocalist Dylan Richter. It was released on July 21, 2009, through Rise Records and was produced by the band themselves and Joey Sturgis. The album charted at number 29 on the Billboard Top Heatseekers chart.
Background
On January 7, 2009, a demo of "Smoke Signals" was posted on the group's Myspace. In addition, it was mentioned that the group was working on their next album, aiming for its release in summer.
Release
The album was released on July 21, 2009. This is the last album by For the Fallen Dreams to feature founding member and principal songwriter Andrew Tkaczyk before their departure from the band in February 2011. In July and August, the band performed on the Thrash and Burn tour.
Track listing
Personnel
For the Fallen Dreams
Dylan Richter – lead vocals
Jim Hocking – lead guitar
Chris Cain – rhythm guitar
Joe Ellis – bass guitar, backing vocals
Andrew Tkaczyk – drums
Additional musicians
Jeremy McKinnon of A Day to Remember – guest vocals on track 4, "Nightmares"
Additional personnel
Joey Sturgis – production, engineering, mixing, mastering
For the Fallen Dreams – production
Sons of Nero and Dylan Richter – art, layout
Phill Mamula – photography
Alexandra McGregor – model
References
2009 albums
For the Fallen Dreams albums
Rise Records albums
Albums with cover art by Sons of Nero
Albums produced by Joey Sturgis
Amorphae is a jazz studio album by Ben Monder with Pete Rende, Andrew Cyrille and Paul Motian. This album was released in the label ECM Records in January 2016.
Composition
Amorphae was originally planned to be a series of duets between Ben Monder and Paul Motian. They started recording a duo session in 2010, but Motian died a year after. Monder wanted to continue the project and then, Andrew Cyrille and Paul Rende joined him.
Reception
In The Guardian, John Fordham gave this album three stars and says that "Playing unaccompanied on conventional and baritone guitars, Monder embraces soft tone poems of humming sustains and eerie echoes, as well as wilder David Torn-like tumults." and add that "His soundworld is a shade private and austere, but ECM's blessing should alert a wider audience to Monder's talents."
Thomas Conrad of Jazz Times stated "The album sustains a single ethereal domain of sonorities, even though it was recorded in two sessions three years apart and uses four different combinations of players... It is remarkable how many layers of sound Monder can produce from one guitar and one vintage Lexicon reverb unit. Cyrille offers, selectively, brushstrokes of color. On two trio pieces with Cyrille and Pete Rende on synth, the sonic landscape becomes vast but the creative process remains profoundly gradual. In one respect only, Amorphae is typical of current jazz releases: The ratio of originals to standards is 7-to-1. “Oh, What a Beautiful Morning” is a duet with Paul Motian, in one of their final recordings. Motian's signature deft irregular accents create dramatic expectancy for the initial tentative forays of Monder, who grasps for fragments of the melody. Then Monder and their Lexicon blow this sweet song of Rodgers and Hammerstein into a wild, keening, howling storm. With more tracks like this one, Amorphae would have been a stronger and even stranger album."
Track listing
ECM Records – ECM 2421.
Personnel
Ben Monder – electric guitar, electric baritone guitar
Pete Rende – synthesizer
Andrew Cyrille – drums
Paul Motian – drums
References
ECM Records albums
2016 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Luca Pellegrini (born 24 March 1963 in Varese) is a retired Italian professional footballer who played as a defender.
Club career
Pellegrini played for 11 seasons (262 games, 3 goals) in the Serie A for U.C. Sampdoria, Hellas Verona F.C. and Torino F.C.
International career
Pellegrini represented Italy at the 1988 Summer Olympics (a swimmer with the same name also represented Italy at those Olympics).
Personal life
Their younger brothers Davide Pellegrini and Stefano Pellegrini also played football professionally. To distinguish them, Luca was referred to as Pellegrini I, Davide as Pellegrini II and Stefano as Pellegrini III.
Honours
Sampdoria
Serie A: 1990–91
Coppa Italia: 1984–85, 1987–88, 1988–89
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup: 1989–90
References
1963 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
S.S.D. Varese Calcio players
U.C. Sampdoria players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
Ravenna F.C. players
Torino F.C. players
Italy under-21 international footballers
Olympic footballers of Italy
Footballers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Association football defenders
Italy B international footballers
Chiraps alloica is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is widely distributed in the Oriental region, from the Himalayas to Indonesia, including Bhutan, Thailand, western Malaysia, Vietnam and Taiwan.
References
Archipini
Moths described in 1948
Taxa named by Alexey Diakonoff
Trillemarka (Trillemarka - Rollagsfjell) is a nature reserve located in Buskerud, Norway. It was created on December 13, 2002, and is located in the hill- and mountain areas between Nore in Numedal and Solevann in Sigdal, partially in the municipalities of Sigdal, Nore og Uvdal, and Rollag. The nature reserve consists of one of the largest natural forest areas in central Østlandet and includes virgin forest and 93 red list species.
The Norwegian government decided on January 8, 2008, that is to be protected. The landowners received NOK 100 million in compensation.
Controversy
There has been a large controversy between environmentalists and the owners of the forest. As a consequence of the debate there has been suggested four different sizes for an expansion of the nature reserve:
205–210 km2 (suggested by the Norwegian Institute for Nature Research, supported by environmentalists)
169 km2 (suggested by the governor)
147 km2 (suggested by the governor)
99 km2 (suggested by the forest owners)
Among the environmentalist organizations that have taken an interest in Trillemarka, are Natur og Ungdom, WWF, and Friends of the Earth, Norway.
References
External links
Unofficial info site
Nature reserves in Norway
Sigdal
Pseudocolaspis cupreofemorata is a species of leaf beetle of Zimbabwe and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It was first described from Harare by Martin Jacoby in 1900.
Subspecies
There are two subspecies of P. cupreofemorata:
Pseudocolaspis cupreofemorata cupreofemorata Jacoby, 1900
Pseudocolaspis cupreofemorata overlaeti Burgeon, 1940
References
Eumolpinae
Beetles of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Beetles described in 1900
Taxa named by Martin Jacoby
Insects of Zimbabwe
Scaevola nitida (common name - shining fanflower) is an erect shrub in the family Goodeniaceae, native to Western Australia. It grows to a height of 0.3 to 3 m, and its blue-purple flowers may be seen from August to December.
Description
Scaevola nitida is a spreading shrub growing up to 3 m tall, glabrous, and is sticky when young. The leaves have no stalk and are obovate to narrowly elliptic, and toothed, with the leaf blade itself being from 2 to 8.7 cm long by 7–40 mm wide. The flowers occur in terminal spikes which are up to 6.5 cm long. The sepals are rim-like and 0.3 mm high. The blue to lilac corolla is 13–20 mm long, pilose or glabrous outside, and bearded inside. The ovary is 2-locular. The grooved fruit is cylindrical and up to 4 mm long, and is smooth.
Distribution and habitat
It is found in the IBRA Regions of the Esperance Plains, the Geraldton Sandplains, the Jarrah Forest region, the Swan Coastal Plain, and the Warren biogeographic region, growing on white or grey sand and clay, in coastal limestone cliffs and dunes.
Taxonomy and etymology
It was first described and named by Robert Brown in 1810, and its specific epithet, nitida, is a Latin adjective meaning "shining".
References
nitida
Eudicots of Western Australia
Asterales of Australia
Plants described in 1810
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Edward Swanstrom may refer to:
Edward Ernest Swanstrom, American Roman Catholic bishop
J. Edward Swanstrom, American lawyer and politician from New York
Grip Stand Throw is the debut album released by the Filipino alternative rock band Sandwich in 1999. The band gained popularity because of its hit carrier single, "Butterfly Carnival". The album and the band won numerous awards due to the album. The album was also produced during Raimund Marasigan's tenure with the Eraserheads.
Accolades
* denotes an unordered list
Track listing
Personnel
Marc Abaya - vocals, guitar, unclean vocals
Raimund Marasigan – vocals, guitar, keyboards, synths, loops
Diego Castillo - guitar, backup vocals
Myrene Academia - bass
Mike Dizon - drums
Album Credits
Executive Producer: Rudy Y. Tee
A & R: Vic Valenciano & Romel Sanchez
Recorded, Mixed, Edited & Mastered at: Tracks Studios
Additional Recording by: Sancho & Raymund
Mixed by: Sancho And Angee Rozul
References
External links
ERASERHEADS Database
Sandwich's EMI page
1999 debut albums
Sandwich (band) albums
Mirco Baldacci (born 19 September 1977) is a rally driver from San Marino, who scored two World Rally Championship points by finishing seventh on the 2006 Rally Australia.
Career
Baldacci made their World Rally Championship debut on Rallye Sanremo in 2000 behind the wheel of a Renault Clio Williams. In 2001 they contested five rounds of the Production World Rally Championship in a Mitsubishi Lancer Evo VI. In 2002 they contested the Junior World Rally Championship in a Citroën Saxo S1600, finishing fourth in class on Rallye Deutschland and 13th in the final standings.
Baldacci switched to a Fiat Punto for the 2003 JWRC, winning their class in Sanremo and ending the year fifth overall. For 2004 they switched to a Suzuki Ignis, again finishing fifth overall. They also entered four other WRC events in a Group N Mitsubishi, finishing as high as tenth overall on Rally Australia. They used a Punto again in the 2005 JWRC, winning on the Tour de Corse and finishing seventh in the final standings.
Baldacci returned to the PWRC for 2006, using a Mitsubishi Lancer Evo IX, finishing third in the final standings. They finished second in PWRC in Australia, seventh overall. Switching to a Subaru Impreza WRX STi for 2007, they ended the year sixth in PWRC. They returned to using an Evo IX in 2008, but four retirements from six rallies left them down in 11th overall.
WRC results
JWRC results
PWRC results
References
Living people
1977 births
Sammarinese rally drivers
World Rally Championship drivers
Tobias "Eggi" Exxel (born 27 February 1973) is the current bass player for the power metal band Edguy. Tobias was hired by Edguy in 1998 when vocalist Tobias Sammet, who had played bass since the band's formation in 1992, decided the band should have someone who could focus on playing the instrument full-time.
Tobias had previously played guitar and bass in the band Squealer and would also go on to perform both roles in their side-project, Taraxacum, which was active between 2000 and 2005. After Taraxacum was put to rest, Tobias formed Everleaf. Prior to these bands, they played in Galen from 1988 to 1993.
During Wacken Open Air on 7 August 2010, Tobias left the stage briefly to take a call relating to their new family. On 13 August 2010, Tobias' girlfriend gave birth to their first child, son Julian. Markus Grosskopf of Helloween replaced Tobias until their return. They have also played live with bands Gamma Ray and Unisonic as bass player and guitarist, respectively.
Discography
Edguy
Theater of Salvation (1999)
The Savage Poetry (2000)
Mandrake (2001)
Burning Down the Opera (2003)
King of Fools (EP) (2004)
Hellfire Club (2004)
Superheroes (EP) (2005)
Rocket Ride (2006)
Tinnitus Sanctus (2008)
Fucking with Fire – Live (2009)
Age of the Joker (2011)
Space Police: Defenders of the Crown (2014)
Squealer
Wrong Time, Wrong Place? (1995)
The Prophecy (1999)
Taraxacum
Spirit of Freedom (2001)
Rainmaker (2003)
Bassinvaders
Hellbassbeaters (2008)
Krypteria
All Beauty Must Die (2011)
References
External links
Official Edguy website
Living people
1973 births
German heavy metal bass guitarists
Male bass guitarists
Edguy members
21st-century bass guitarists
21st-century German male musicians
German male guitarists
Thegon Township is a township in Pyay District in the Bago Region of Burma. The principal town is Thegon.
References
Townships of the Bago Region
Pyay District
Toco or Toko (from ) is a locality in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia. It is the seat of the Toco Municipality, the second municipal section of the Germán Jordán Province. At the time of census 2001 it had a population of 827.
References
External links
Map of Germán Jordán Province
Populated places in Cochabamba Department
Bloordale Beach was a guerrilla art installation and an informal community hub in the west end of Toronto, and since it was landlocked, was once described as "Toronto's only waterless beach".
Bloordale Beach was located north of the Dufferin Mall between Croatia Street and Brock Crescent, on a site that previously used to be Brockton High School. It covered 118,400 square-feet. The beach was located on property owned by the Toronto District School Board.
The beach closed in 2021 to make way for the new Bloor Collegiate Institute.
Usage
Bloordale Beach was co-created by artist Shari Kasman and an anonymous collaborator in order to reclaim unused space for the public, and opened 25 May 2020.
Public facilities included a dog gymnasium (officially called the Barkour Area), a "sea turtle nesting area," Bloordale Lagoon (essentially a large puddle that would form after heavy rainfall, a community garden, and occasional temporary art installations. Bloordale Meadow was located on the neighbouring lot, and had been previously known as the field for Bloor Collegiate Institute.
Bloordale Beach was used as a community hub and a throughway to cut across the space.
Toronto garage punk psych rock band Wine Lips recorded a their music video Live At Bloordale Beach at the beach. It was also the set for an improv performance by Martin Helmut Reis that was filmed an debuted at the 2020 Improvisation Festival and Martin Reis' performance art American Lifeguard.
Critical reception
Bloordale Beach was described in The Toronto Star as Toronto's "newest hot summer destination" and was ranked as the 9th best beach in Toronto on Tripadvisor.
In popular culture
Bloordale Beach was featured in the short documentary Bloordale Beach by Beth Warrian where it was described as a vision for reclaiming public space.
The beach was the subject of the 2021 song "Bloordale Beach" by garage punk-pop band Pop Plug, and the 2021 song also called "Bloordale Beach" by Catjam. Pete Moss also made a song called “Bloordale Beach.”
AUS!Funkt, Canadian art-rock band, paid homage to the beach in the video for their song "Set Yourself Free".
Footnotes
References
External links
Tripadvisor - Bloordale Beach
Shari Kasman official website
Guerilla art and hacking art
Works by Canadian people
Culture jamming
Street art
The Federal Correctional Institution, Fort Dix (FCI Fort Dix) is a low-security United States federal prison for male offenders in New Jersey. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons. A satellite prison camp houses minimum-security male inmates.
FCI Fort Dix is located in Burlington County adjacent to Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst. It is approximately from Philadelphia. Fort Dix is the largest single federal prison in the United States in the number of inmates housed there.
It is divided up into three compounds: The separate East and West Compounds (both low-level, each constituting a single prison in its own right) and a camp between the two.
Notable incidents
Identity theft ring
In early 2010, a joint FBI and Federal Bureau of Prisons investigation found that Dimorio McDowell (50711-019), an inmate at FCI Fort Dix, was operating a major identity theft ring from the prison. Eight co-conspirators, with whom McDowell communicated by telephone, were also arrested. The ring targeted credit cards issued by major chain stores such as Macy's, Saks Fifth Avenue, Staples, Home Depot, Lowes and others. McDowell and their co-conspirators obtained the personal information of credit card holders through customer service departments and added themselves as authorized users. When McDowell's co-conspirators went to make purchases, they showed false identification or provided the last four digits of the cardholder's Social Security number and charged high-end items such as a John Deere tractor, big-screen televisions, snow blowers and stoves. The companies that issued the cards, including Citigroup Financial, HSBC and GE Capital, lost between $500,000 to $1 million.
McDowell subsequently pleaded guilty to aggravated identity theft and conspiracy to commit wire fraud and bank fraud and was sentenced to 14 additional years in prison on January 18, 2011. McDowell is currently incarcerated at the United States Penitentiary in Atlanta, which has a Communication Management Unit, where inmate contact with the outside world is severely restricted and tightly monitored.  They are scheduled for release in 2028.
Notable inmates (current and former)
High-profile inmates
Politicians
Fraudsters
Others
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Buildings and structures in Burlington County, New Jersey
Fort Dix
Prisons in New Jersey
Sweet Taste of Souls is a 2020 American fantasy horror film directed by Terry Ross and written by F. Scott Mudgett. The film stars Honey Lauren, John Salandria, Mark Valeriano and Amber Gaston.
Plot
When band members stop at a roadside cafe for a slice of pie, they find themselves locked up in the unstable cafe owners surreal art collection and must battle a menacing force with a taste for souls.
Cast
Honey Lauren as Ellinore
John Salandria as Nate
Mark Valeriano as Kyle
Amber Gaston as Wendy
Sarah J. Bartholomew as Lily
Thom Michael Mulligan as Barney
Frank Papia as Sid
Jesse LeNoir as Tucker
Darn Oldham as Raymond
Scott Alin as Patrick
Production
The film was produced by Flying Dolphin Productions. Principal photography took place in Julian, California as well as San Diego County over twenty six days.
Release
The film screened at Cosmo Film Festival. It was released on November 1, 2020 and distributed by TriCoast Worldwide.
Reception
Paul Chapinal at Film-news.co.uk scored it 3 out of 5, claiming it has "enough twists and turns to keep the attention." The Scariest Things scored it 3 out of 5, concluding it is "Delicious cherry pie." Horror Bound called it "a new unique tale in horror." In a review at PopHorror, Anthony Baamonde claims the "acting is fabulous, and Honey Lauren totally steals the show." In a less favorable review, Explosion Network scored it 4 out of 10 claiming that the "core concept is unique enough to carry the weaker parts of the film." Without Your Head scored the film 2 out of 5 stating the film had "great concepts that never get the execution they deserve." Film critic Jennie Kermode at Eye for Film scored in 1 out of 5, stating "you'll be left feeling as if you've been watching this picture for years."
References
External links
2020s English-language films
2020 horror thriller films
2020 fantasy films
Films set in restaurants
Films set in San Diego
Films shot in San Diego
American horror films
American fantasy films
Films directed by Terry Ross
Films about music and musicians
2020s American films
Films about kidnapping in the United States
Films about hostage takings
Magic realism films
Louis Possner (August 11, 1917 – March 8, 1990) was a Jewish American basketball player. Possner was an All-American center/forward at DePaul University. Following the close of their college career, Possner played parts of two seasons with the United States' National Basketball League (NBL), a league that in 1948 would merge with the Basketball Association of America to create the National Basketball Association. Possner played for the NBL's Chicago Bruins and Syracuse Nationals, averaging 2.0 points per game for their NBL career. Possner, also played in the competing American Basketball League, for the Philadelphia Sphas and Paterson Crescents.
References
External links
NBL stats
1917 births
1990 deaths
All-American college men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Centers (basketball)
Chicago Bruins players
DePaul Blue Demons men's basketball players
Forwards (basketball)
Paterson Crescents players
Philadelphia Sphas players
Sportspeople from Chicago
Syracuse Nationals players
20th-century American Jews
is a 1950 black-and-white Japanese film directed by Torajiro Saito.
Cast
Hibari Misora
See also
List of films in the public domain in the United States
References
Japanese black-and-white films
1950 films
Films directed by Torajiro Saito
Shochiku films
1950s Japanese films
Park Jeong-jin (born 18 March 1976) is a South Korean handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
South Korean male handball players
Olympic handball players of South Korea
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in handball
Handball players at the 1998 Asian Games
Handball players at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Roberto Vestrini (30 January 1908 – 12 March 1966) was an Italian rower who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
They won the silver medal as member of the Italian boat in the men's eight competition. Two brothers, Pier Luigi Vestrini and Renzo Vestrini, were also Olympic rowers.
References
External links
1908 births
1966 deaths
Sportspeople from Livorno
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
Sarah Cornell is a Canadian actor and writer who received the 2010 LA Stage Alliance Ovation Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Stage Musical for The Producers They have also appeared in productions of Sex and the Second City Evil Dead: The Musical, and A Little Princess at Prime Stage Theatre among others.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Canadian stage actores
21st-century Canadian actores
Haqqiyeh (, also Romanized as Ḩaqqīyeh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 354, in 86 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Direct is a 1981 live in-studio album by Tower of Power. It was their only album for the direct-to-disc record label Sheffield Lab. It also marked the return of original guitarist Willie James Fulton, not heard from since 1972's Bump City, and the last album to feature saxophonist Lenny Pickett. Mark Sanders plays drums on this album. Between this album and their 1987 comeback album Power, they would record the sessions that later became the Dinosaur Tracks CD. Besides that, save for the original single release of "Simple as That" (from the same Dinosaur Tracks sessions), this would be their last new release until 1987. It contained mostly songs from their previous albums, but included new material as well.
Direct would later be re-released with alternate takes on CD as Direct Plus! in 1997.
Track listing
Side One
"Fanfare/And You Know It" (Greg Adams/Emilio Castillo, Stephen Kupka) originally recorded for Back on the Streets - 2:44
"You're Gonna Need Me" (Albert King) New track - 4:02
"Squib Cakes" (Chester Thompson) originally recorded for Back to Oakland - 7:34
Side Two
"That's Why I Sing" (Chester Thompson) New track, later re-recorded during the Dinosaur Tracks sessions in 1983 - 4:57
"What is Hip?" (Emilio Castillo, Stephen Kupka) originally recorded for Tower of Power - 4:40
"Never Let Go of Love" (Greg Levias, Hilary Thompson, Michael Jeffries) New track, later re-recorded during the Dinosaur Tracks sessions in 1983 - 4:06
Personnel
Michael Jeffries – lead vocals
Chester Thompson – keyboards, arrangements (3, 4)
Willie Fulton – guitars, lead vocals (2)
Vito San Filippo – bass
Mark Sanders – drums
Victor Feldman – percussion
Lenny Pickett – alto saxophone, tenor saxophone, saxophone solo (3, 6)
Emilio Castillo – tenor saxophone
Stephen "Doc" Kupka – baritone saxophone
Mic Gillette – trombone, trumpet, flugelhorn
Greg Adams – trumpet, flugelhorn, arrangements (1, 5, 6), flugelhorn solo (3), trumpet solo (5)
Rick Waychesko – trumpet
Jim Gilstrap – guest singer
Edie Lehmann – guest singer
Oren Waters – guest singer
Production
Doug Sax – executive producer
Lincoln Mayorga – executive producer
Spencer Proffer – executive producer
Larry Brown – producer, recording
Mike Sanders – assistant engineer
Tom Pessagno – technician
Patricia Meredith – production coordinator
Dave McDonald – production manager
Tina Nichols – design, illustration
Miguel – photography
Sheffield Lab credits
Steve Haselton – chief engineer
Andrew Teton – field chief technician
Lincoln Mayorga – booth supervisor
Dick Doss – disc processing
Rick Goldman – disc processing
Mike Reese – lathe operator
Lois Walker – lathe operator
Ed Hukoveh – lathe design
References
1981 live albums
Tower of Power albums
The Olimpiysky field is a Romanian oil field that was discovered in 2001 and located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea. It will begin production in 2016 and will produce oil and natural gas. The total proven reserves of the Olimpiysky oil field are around , and production will be centered on in 2016.
References
Black Sea energy
Oil fields in Romania
Thống Nhất Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. It is located at 138 Đào Duy Từ Street, Ward 6, District 10. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium for both Sài Gòn and Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh of the V.League 1. The stadium has a capacity of 15,000.
History
Early years
In 1929, Chợ Lớn Municipal Commission decided to build a new stadium in the city. The stadium was named Renault Field after the city commission's chairperson at the time - Philippe Oreste Renault. The stadium was opened on October 18, 1931 by an inauguration football match between Cho Lon Police and Gia Dinh Stars with the Cho Lon side taking a 1-0 win. In its early day, the stadium only consisted of one 20-step spectators' stand, which was covered by a reinforced cement roof.
1955 – 1975
From 1959 to October 1960, new stands and a lighting system were added to the stadium while the main stand was expanded. This expansion increased the capacity of the stadium to 30,000 people. The stadium was then also renamed to Cộng Hòa Stadium ("Republic Stadium"). It was renovated again in 1967.
Between 1955 and 1975, the site had witnessed a number of major sporting events including an over-capacity 30,000 strong crowds to watch the elimination football match between South Vietnam and South Korea leading up to the 1964 Summer Olympics. The Merdeka Cup gold trophy, won by South Vietnam in 1966, was kept at the stadium. Its whereabouts are not known after the Fall of Saigon.
During the Vietnam War, the stadium was also the scene of terrorist attacks by the Vietcong. Explosives detonated on October 4, 1965 killed 11 and injured 42 others.
Post-1975
On September 2, 1975, the stadium was renamed Thống Nhất Stadium ("Reunification Stadium") after a football match between Hải Quan F.C. and Ngân Hàng F.C. took place.
The stadium has been home to Hồ Chí Minh City F.C. (formerly known as Saigon Port F.C.) since the club's formation in 1975. Between 1995 and 2002, it was also the home ground to Hồ Chí Minh City Police F.C.
In 2002, renovation was done to prepare the stadium to host Group B men's football matches at the 2003 Southeast Asian Games. It was usually home to Vietnam national football team alongside Hàng Đẫy Stadium in Hanoi until 2003 when Mỹ Đình National Stadium was completed.
In 2016, Sài Gòn F.C. selected Thong Nhat as the home stadium for their first season in V.League 1.
Until 2017, the stadium has a capacity of 19,450 people. Since then, the stadium has been renovated in phases. In the first phase, the A1 and A2 sections of the main stand were repainted and a new 1500-lux floodlight system was installed in the last quarter of 2017. In 2018, the playing field was redone and more than 6,700 seats were added to the B, C and D stands. This reduced the capacity of the stadium to approximately 15,000 people. In 2019, existing seats in stand A will be replaced while new seats will be added to the east and west wings of the stand (A4 and A5).
Usage
The stadium has hosted various domestic and international sporting and entertainment events throughout its history. Some of the most notable sporting events are listed below
1964 AFC Youth Championship
1998 AFF Championship
2003 Southeast Asian Games (men's football)
2008 AFC Women's Asian Cup
2010 AFF U-19 Youth Championship
2011 AFC U-19 Women's Championship
2012 AFF U-19 Youth Championship
2012 AFF Women's Championship
2014 AFC Women's Asian Cup
2015 AFF Women's Championship
2016 Asian Junior Athletics Championships
External links
StadiumDB images
References
Football venues in Vietnam
Sports venues in Ho Chi Minh City
Multi-purpose stadiums in Vietnam
Enrico Garzelli (24 July 1909 – 15 July 1992) was an Italian rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 they won the silver medal as member of the Italian boat in the men's eight competition. Four years later they won their second silver medal as part of the Italian boat in the men's eight event.
References
External links
1909 births
1992 deaths
Sportspeople from Livorno
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
Qaleh-ye Aref (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye ‘Āref) is a village in Karimabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 40, in 14 families.
References
Populated places in Pakdasht County
Child marriage is practiced in some parts of Pakistan, with the highest prevalence in the Sindh province. It disproportionately affects the girl child. According to UNICEF report from 2018, around 18% of the girls in Pakistan are married before the age of 18. Child marriage occurs most often in rural and the primary driving factor is poverty among the low-income households where education is minimal.
Causes for Child Marriages
Early and child marriage are directly attributable to deep-rooted gender inequalities, traditional practices, and customs.
The close relationship between female chastity and family honour forces family members to marry girls at an early age to prevent sexual transgressions and consequent damage to family reputation. The conceptualization of the girl child as ‘other's property' who has to eventually move to their husband's home prevents parents from investing in their daughter's education and daughters thus are married off at an early age to relieve parents of their ‘burden'.
The problem of child marriage is at times justified on the basis of religious foundations. Historically, it can be explained as a reaction to invasions by foreigners; desire to perpetuate the cult of the family by marrying the son early; by marrying the daughter early to escape the discredit caused to the family by the presence of grown-up maiden; or by desire of the mother to marry their son early so that they may sooner obtain the possession of a daughter-in-law in whom the mother could inculcate their habits of obedience and who could share the domestic chores with the mother. In the case of parents, sometimes it is due to their keenness to relieve themselves of the responsibility of marrying their daughter. They are also considered socially acceptable for reasons of responsibility and economically desirable for saving marriage expenses, bride price/ dowry.
In certain peculiar situations, it takes place under what is known as dand or bada in Sindh, vani in Punjab, and swara in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and the tribal areas. In this practice, an accused family gives its girl or girls in marriage to an aggrieved family to settle a blood feud between the two parties.
In addition to being covered by the Child Marriage Restraint Act 1929, such marriages are also covered by section 310-A of the PPC (Pakistan Penal Code 1860), and are liable to be imprisoned up to a term of seven years but not less than three years and liable to a fine of Rs 500,000.
At times, women and girl children are deprived of their property rights by symbolically marrying them to the Quran. This ensures that the girl child will not bear children in the future and will not demand their rightful share in the family property. Sometimes poor parents who cannot afford to marry their daughters rely on this symbolic arrangement.
Section 498-C of the PPC prohibits marriage with the Quran. A person found guilty of arranging, facilitating or compelling such marriage of a female is liable imprisoned for a period extending to seven years but not less than three years and a fine of up to Rs 500,000.
Exchange marriage or Watta Satta is also practiced in many parts of Pakistan. In a watta satta arrangement, both families trade brides. Both families must have a daughter and a son and must be willing to betroth them to the daughter and son of the other family. Watta satta marriages put females in a precarious position as a divorce between one of the couples may trigger a divorce between the other couple because of strong sibling ties. Such marriages are a crime if child marriages are involved in the arrangement.
Section 498-B of the PPC prohibits forced marriages and makes it an offense, punishable with imprisonment extending to seven years but not less than three years and liable to a fine of Rs 500,000.
Generally, a person accused of deceitfully preventing a woman from inheriting property is punishable under section 498-A of the PPC with an imprisonment extending to ten years but not less than five years and a fine of rupees one million or both.
Another custom in Pakistan, called swara or vani, involves village elders solving family disputes or settling unpaid debts by marrying off girls. The average marriage age of swara girls is between 5 and 9. Similarly, the custom of watta satta has been cited as a cause of child marriages in Pakistan.
Consequences
Over the years, there has been a decline in the occurrence of child marriages but it is lower in case of females than males.
The trend of child marriages has been a major cause of girls' illiteracy or lower level of education. It can also damage the girls physical, mental and social health leading to serious health issues in the future. Prenatal, neonatal, and maternal health problems are also tied to women married before the age of 18. It is also evident that child marriages are widely prevalent among cultivators and laborers. Dependency on elders and lack of independent occupational aspirations or occupational mobility further hampers the efforts of limiting child marriages. There are, however, spatial trends as indicated by different trends of distinct villages. Exposure to urban areas has helped in reduction of child marriage; and finally, realization of bad effects of child marriages has positive relationship with reduction in child marriage indicating thereby a positive role of general understanding and awareness which is spreading quite fast.
The possibility of mismatches of marriages is high. Infants born to the child mothers are many times feeble. The marital lives remain unhappy and child wives lack happiness due to their life-time inability to support their lot. Many a time, the young wives become vulnerable to sexually transmitted diseases. The occurrence results in increasing the population growth rate.
The Child Marriage Restraint Act 1929
Child marriage in Pakistan is legally prohibited to an extent under the Child Marriage Restraint Act 1929 (No XIX). Under the Act, the minimum age for marriage was 18 years for a male and 16 years for a female (section 2). However, under a new bill passed in Pakistani Senate, the minimum age of marriage for female was increased to 18. Contravention is punishable with a fine of Rs.1000 and an imprisonment of one month or both for
An adult male (above 18 years of age) who contracts marriage with a child (section 4).
A person who solemnizes a child marriage (section 5).
A parent or guardian who does not act to prevent a child marriage (section 6).
The 1929 Act is one of those few laws on the statute books that were introduced by the founder of Pakistan, Mohammad Ali Jinnah, while they were a member of the British India Legislative Assembly. It was passed on October 1, 1929, to restrain the solemnization of child marriages and applied to the whole of India effective April 1, 1930. It still remains in force, and extends to the whole of Pakistan. It applies to, both Muslim and Non-Muslim, citizens of Pakistan, and regardless of whether they are resident in Pakistan or elsewhere.
Prior to the 1929 Act, the Age of Consent Act in 1892 was enacted which laid down the age below which a marriage should not be consummated. Child marriages however continued unabated. It was in order to control this menace that the 1929 Act was enacted.
The purpose of the Act, as its title signifies, is to restrain the solemnization of child marriages. Child was originally defined in the Act to mean a "person who, if a male, is under 14 years of age, and if a female, is under 12 years of age." The age was subsequently raised. The Muslim Family Laws Ordinance 1961 (No VIII) effective July 15, 1961, raised the age of girl child in the Act from 14 to 16 years of age; and lowered the age of male from 21 to 18 years to the extent of the Muslim citizens; this means that the age for the non-Muslim citizens remains the same as prior to the 1961 Amendment.
The Act, after being amended by the 1961 Ordinance, states that, whoever being a male above 18 years of age, contracts a marriage with a girl child of less than 16 years, shall be punishable with simple imprisonment extending up to one month, or with fine extending up to Rs 1000, or with both.
Additionally whoever performs, conducts or directs any child marriage, defined as marriage to which either of the contracting parties is a child, is punishable with simple imprisonment extending up to one month, or fine extending up to Rs 1000, or with both, unless they prove that they had reason to believe that the marriage was not a child marriage.
Similarly, any person having charge of the minor contracting a child marriage, whether as parent or guardian or in any other capacity, lawful or unlawful,
who does any act to promote the marriage; or
permits it to be solemnized; or
negligently fails to prevent it from being solemnized;
is punishable with simple imprisonment extending up to one month, or with, fine extending up to Rs 1000, or with both, provided that no woman is punishable with imprisonment. For purposes of this section of the Act, it will be presumed under law, unless and until the contrary is proved, that where a minor has contracted a child marriage, the person having charge of such minor has negligently failed to prevent the marriage from being solemnized.
No court other than Magistrate of the first class can take cognizance of, or try, any offense under the Act. However even they cannot take cognizance after the expiry of one year from the date on which the offense is alleged to have been committed; and unless, except in Punjab, a complaint is made by the union council within whose jurisdiction a child marriage is or is about to be solemnized, or if there is no union council in the area by such authority as the provincial government may in this behalf prescribe.
In cases where the court is satisfied from information laid before it through a complaint or otherwise that a child marriage has been arranged or is about to be solemnized, the court may issue an injunction against any of male contracting the marriage; or the persons involved in the performance, conduct or direction of the child marriage; or the persons having charge of the minor whether as parent or guardian or in any other capacity whether lawful or unlawful. No injunction, however, can be issued unless the court has previously given notice to the person concerned, and has afforded them an opportunity to show cause against the issue of the injunction. Such an injunction order can also be rescinded or altered by the court. Disobedience of the injunction order is punishable with imprisonment extending up to three months, or with fine extending up to Rs 1000, or with both, provided that no woman can be punished under this section of the Act.
Child Marriage Restraint (Amendment) Bill, 2018
In 2019, a bill introduced by Pakistani senator, Sherry Rehman, was passed in the Pakistani Senate to increase the minimum age of marriage for female to 18. The bill was aimed at ending child marriage in Pakistan. The bill was passed with overwhelming majority. However, some Pakistani religious political parties like Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam (JUI-F) and Jamaat-e-Islami (JI) opposed the bill. The parties claimed that the bill was against Islam. However, the senator Sherry Rehman said that the Muslim countries like Oman, Turkey and United Arab Emirates have already set 18 as the minimum age of marriage.
One of the senators, Raza Rabbani, stated that a similar bill Sindh Child Marriage Restraint Act 2013 was passed in Sindh assembly back in 2014 and it was not challenged by anyone at any forum.
References
Pakistani wedding
Forced marriage
Diplocalyptis ferruginimixta is a moth of the family Tortricidae which is endemic to Vietnam.
The wingspan is . The ground colour of the forewings is pale brownish grey, but more creamish in the costal and terminal areas and brownish the in dorsal third of the wing. The strigulation is brownish grey. The hindwings are brownish grey, but cream towards the base, with brownish venation.
Etymology
The specific epithet refers to ferruginous colouration of the median fascia and is derived from Latin mixta (meaning mixed).
References
Moths described in 2009
Endemic fauna of Vietnam
Moths of Asia
Archipini
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Giovanni Battista Rogeri (ca. 1642 – ca. 1710) was an Italian luthier, who for much of their mature life worked in Brescia. Together with Gasparo da Salo and Giovanni Paolo Maggini, Rogeri was one of the major makers of the Brescian school.
The Rogeri family is not to be confused with the Rugeri family of Cremona, also an important family of violin makers.
Quotes
"Rogeri is believed to have been born in Bologna but moved to Cremona, where they were apprenticed to Nicolo Amati. By 1675 Rogeri had moved again, this time to Brescia. They fused the neatness of construction that they had learned from Amati with the slightly elongated f-holes and C-bouts of their Brescian predecessors, and was able to combine the best elements of the Cremonese and Brescian schools. They reached their peak as a craftsman from about 1690 and their violins based on Amati's Grand Pattern are generally considered their best. By 1690 they were aided by their son Pietro Giacomo, who was a skilled assistant, and no doubt helped with the production of some lesser instruments, which often have unpurfled backs. The Rogeri workshop also produced a number of fine cellos that again demonstrate the benefit of a Cremonese education."--Four Centuries of Violin Making by Tim Ingles (as summarised on Cozio.com)
References
1640s births
1710s deaths
Italian luthiers
Businesspeople from Brescia
Newton Poppleford is a large village and former civil parish situated on the A3052 road between Exeter and Sidmouth on the west side of the River Otter, now in the parish of Newton Poppleford and Harpford in East Devon, England, within the East Devon AONB. Newton Poppleford is twinned with Crèvecœur-en-Auge in Normandy, France. In 2019 it had an estimated population of 1784. In 1931 the parish had a population of 447.
The village is on the route of a Roman road from Axmouth to Exeter. It includes some whitewashed cob thatched cottages, one shop and St Luke's Church which was founded in 1331 (with the current structure dating from 1897). The town contains a village hall, primary school and sports pavilion. There was also a church hall, however it was burnt down in 2012 when fire spread from a nearby shed, possibly a result of arson. A carnival procession used to travel through the village in the autumn, although this was stopped in 2014. Newton Poppleford railway station closed in 1967 and was subsequently demolished. The church hall has since been rebuilt.
The surroundings are known for market gardening because of the excellent soil quality in the area. A variety of daffodil (the King Alfred) was originated in the village and received an award from the Royal Horticultural Society in 1899. This renowned flower, with its large colourful trumpets, was first cultivated in the house of 'The Gardens' and premises, which is found in the centre of the village. It is one of the oldest houses in the village, dating back to the 15th Century, with cob walls and thatched roof with a quaint brook (small tributary) passing through the garden joining the River Otter. There are also fruit farms nearby.
The name Newton Poppleford means 'The New Town by the Pebble Ford.' It was originally settled by the Saxons and founded as a 'new town' in the 13th century by the Lord of the Manor of Aylesbeare. They were granted the right to hold a market, which was originally sited at the centre of the town.
The East Devon Way path passes close by.
Questions and answers for the many British editions of the board game Trivial Pursuit were written at Bowhay Cottage in Newton Poppleford for 25 years by Brian Highley.
The Newton Poppleford Local History Group formed in 2014 to record and document local history and memories of local people.
Civil parish
Newton Poppleford, historically a chapelry in the ancient parish of Aylesbeare, became a civil parish in 1898. On 1 April 1935, it was abolished and added to the parish of Harpford, together with the smaller parish of Venn Ottery, part of Newton Poppleford went to Aylesbeare.
Demography
Men in the Newton Poppleford and Harpford ward had the fourth highest life expectancy at birth, 89.4 years, of any ward in England and Wales in 2016.
References
External links
Newton Poppleford & Harpford Parish Council website
BBC Discovering Devon - Newton Poppleford
newtonpopplefordhistory.wordpress.com
Villages in Devon
Former civil parishes in Devon
East Devon District
East Henderson High School is a public high school in East Flat Rock, North Carolina. The school was built in 1960. As of the 2016–2017 school year the student population was 905 with 64 classroom teachers. East Henderson High is part of the Henderson County Public Schools district. The school serves students in grades nine through twelve. The mascot is an eagle and the colors are green, white and unofficially, black. The school is located at 150 Eagle Pride Drive in East Flat Rock. It is commonly known as "East" by residents in Hendersonville/Flat Rock and surrounding areas.
In popular culture
School was used as a filming location in the Walt Disney Studios film Heavyweights in 1994.
References
External links
c.us District website
Public high schools in North Carolina
Schools in Henderson County, North Carolina
1960 establishments in North Carolina
Educational institutions established in 1960
Robert Mihai Ivan (born 24 April 2000) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Flacăra Horezu. They made their debut in Liga I on 2 June 2019, in a match between Gaz Metan Mediaș and Concordia Chiajna, ended with the score of 3–1.
References
External links
Robert Ivan at lpf.ro
2000 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Association football defenders
Liga I players
Liga II players
Liga III players
CS Concordia Chiajna players
Chandisthan () is a town and marketplace at Besishahar Municipality in Lamjung District in Gandaki Province of northern-central Nepal. The Besishahar Municipality was formed by merging the existing Village Development Committees i.e. Besishahar, Gaunshahar, Udipur & Chandisthan on 15 May 2014.
Population
At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 1,895(1,031 Female & 864 Male) people living in 492 individual Households.
See also
Besishahar Municipality
Gaunshahar
Udipur
Lamjung District
References
Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Okage: Shadow King, known in Japan as , is a role-playing video game developed by Zener Works and co-developed and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It was released on March 15, 2001 in Japan, and October 1, 2001 in North America, exclusively for the PlayStation 2. It was never released in PAL regions until the PlayStation 2 classic lineup for PlayStation 4 was released on March 23, 2016.
Gameplay
In Okage: Shadow King, the player character Ari proceeds through the game by visiting towns, traveling across the overworld and exploring dungeons. The game contains warp pillars that can be used to quick travel to other locations once they have been discovered.
The combat is similar to that of many role-playing games, with characters having health points (HP) and magic points (MP). Battles generally commence when the player touches an enemy on the overworld. In addition to party members engaging in combat, Ari's shadow Stan, although not playable, may use powerful magic attacks on the enemy. Each fight is turned based, and a character can opt to wait in order to perform a more powerful combo attack with other characters. Characters have innate elements that are visible to the player during battle. This determines the types of spells they learn and what spells are strong against which enemies (for instance, lightning magic is strong against ice characters). If at any time during battle, Ari is defeated, it is game over, and the player must return to their last save.
Plot
Story
The story stars a quiet, 16 year old boy named Ari who lived a peaceful life in the town of Tenel until one day their grandfather comes to their house with an ancient bottle, and to save their sister from a curse inflicted to them by a ghost, they perform a ritual summoning an ancient evil, Lord Stanley Hihat Trinidad XIV, or "Stan" for short, who merges with Ari's shadow. They then embark on a journey to defeat the fake Evil Kings who stole Stan's powers and take over the world.
Characters
: The main protagonist of the game. A quiet, 16-year-old boy with an overshadowed destiny. Their shadow is so thin, that most people ignore them and it is what enables Stan to take them as their slave. Seems to be without note, but they reluctantly take on the responsibility of being enslaved by the Evil King Stan in order to save their sister from the ghost's curse—and once that's done, to save the world from the Fake Evil Kings and restore Stan's true power. In the beginning of the story, their weapon is a branch. They obtain a sword, which is upgradable, as they progress through the game. In the Japanese version, their eyes are wide open. They were toned down in the US version.
, better known as Evil King Stan, or just Stan, possesses Ari's shadow to appear in this world.  They are short-tempered and has a childish personality, but has moments where they pick up on things that even the other group members miss. They have built their identity on being evil and desires to be feared by the world as the Great Evil King. They claim to be the reincarnation of, and therefore the heir to, the Great Evil King Gohma, who was defeated by the Great Hero Hopkins three hundred years previous to the story. Hopkins also sealed Stan away into a bottle, which is found by Ari's father.
is the cheerful ghost butler to the Evil King Stan.  They are seen quite a few times in the game, mostly with just info on things you should know about, but they are often too preoccupied with something (or someone) else to follow their "almighty" master's orders.
is a 22-year-old hero, a master of the rapier and the reluctant devotee of the parasol. They and Stan have a history of conflict which began upon releasing them from their bottle three years previous to the game's beginning; Stan took over their shadow for just long enough to insult their figure and them to threaten to kill themselves (thus killing him), before they retreated back into the bottle.Rosalyn used to be an elite hero and was at the top of their class, but ever since their shadow became pink they have been a laughing stock and forced to hide their shameful shadow under a parasol. They never forgave Stan for this mockery and has been hunting for them since. They feel they need to prove their strength and skill as an expert swordswoman and caster of spells.  They are also a magnet for ghosts.
: As a spoiled princess, they are snobbish and pompous before truly getting to know Ari and their family. Later in the game the player finds out that the Marlene they know is actually a doll, and that the real Marlene's body is trapped elsewhere in the world of their father's creation. They also seem to be Ari's love interest, as they areseen holding hands in the ending.
: An extremely eccentric scientist who has devoted their life to the ghost research, while enjoying such hobbies as stalking pretty girls and collecting toenail clippings. Upon meeting the party, they are enticed by Rosalyn's ability to attract ghosts and joins the quest without a single party member's approval. Despite their behavior, the 45-year-old Kisling seems to be quite intelligent, and they wield powerful offensive magic.
: Formerly the "Big Bull Evil King", a fighter with great physical strength who loves exercise and battle. They excitedly join Ari's party to help defeat the other evil kings after he, himself, is defeated. Their dream is to someday open their own athletic gym. Their idiotic and unwitting personality disagrees with Rosalyn and Stan but he's too cheerful and loving of the party to notice or care. They have a crush on Linda.
:  They are an aspiring singer from Madril who unfortunately lacks talent so later uses Stan's stolen power to become the "Teen Idol Evil King" and loved by their brainwashed fans. Though they are somewhat subdued when Ari first meets her, after they join the party their truly cheery and very bubbly personality comes out. initially, they seemed to have a crush on Ari, but it is later discovered that they actually had a crush on Stan who just happened to have the "dorky" "doll", Ari, attached to him. Further down the line, Linda's crush on Stan seems to fade in favor of one blossoming for the reluctant Epros. They attack using their microphone as a weapon and supports the party with magical chants.
: Using Stan's power, they are known as the "Phantom Evil King" and throws playing cards and casts magic to attack their enemies.  They are sophisticated and well dressed, though their interests in magic and the "truth" of the world, as well as their ability to float about and their strange speech pattern make them as peculiar as the rest of the cast. They always speak in rhyme and with Shakespearean words, which confuses the team and annoys Stan to no end. Like the other "Evil King" party members, Epros joins the group after they are defeated, late in the game. Epros is the main love interest of Linda, but only after they get over Stan.
Development and release
Okage: Shadow King was co-developed by Zener Works and Sony Computer Entertainment, the latter of which was also the game's publisher. Programmer Yasushi Takeda, one the founders Zener Works, recalled that the company was producing a game for the Panasonic M2 prior to the system's cancellation. Sony contacted them in June 1997 about making a game for the original PlayStation. Okage thus began development but the project was moved to the PlayStation 2 when Sony requested Zener Works do so the day before it announced its next-generation console on March 1, 1999. All the graphics and coding was redone while the number programs was doubled due to the newer console's Emotion Engine. Takeda stated that debugging was a challenge due to the company working with the console in an early state and the absence of such tools.
The Okage: Shadow King soundtrack was released on July 17, 2001 in Japan only. The soundtrack was composed by a band known as peak a soul+, consisting of Jun-Ichi Doi, Takimitsu Kajikawa, Yoshikazu Kawatani, Yasutaka Kume, Toshiaki Murata, and Kazuhide Toda. The ending song "Higher Breath" was sung by Yurica Nagasawa. The soundtrack also refers to Boku to Maō as "Me and Satan King".
As well as the soundtrack, figures based on Okage have been released. The six-figure set includes Ari and Stan, Rosalyn, James, Marlene, Big Bull, and Linda. It included the three ghost types featured in the game, as well as Gears so that the characters can stand straight. There was also a promotional contest for a can opener shaped like Stan, very few images of the actual can opener exist however. An official Strategy guide was also published (this version is much different than its North American counterpart). All of these were only available in Japan. In North America, Prima Games published the strategy guide.
Reception
The PlayStation 2 version received "average" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, Famitsu gave it a score of 30 out of 40.
References
External links
Official website
2001 video games
Cancelled PlayStation (console) games
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation 2-only games
Role-playing video games
Sony Interactive Entertainment games
Video games developed in Japan
Souaillon Castle is a castle in the municipality of Cornaux of the Canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
Château
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Neuchâtel
Castles in the canton of Neuchâtel
Michael Riley Galitzen, also known as Mickey Riley (September 6, 1909, Los Angeles, California – June 6, 1959, Hollywood, California) was an American diver who won four total medals, one gold, at the 1928 Summer Olympics and 1932 Summer Olympics.
Galitzen won acclaim both for their individual diving and as a tandem diver with their brother John. They won two medals in diving at Amsterdam in 1928 as Michael Galitzen. In 1931 their coach suggested that the brothers use Americanized stage names — "Mickey Riley" and "Johnny Riley". They won gold and silver medals in Los Angeles in 1932 under that name. After the Olympics, they worked as a film editor, and they and John appeared frequently in diving shows. They were found dead in their Hollywood apartment in 1959; the death was attributed to natural causes.
Galitzen was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame in 1977.
References
External links
International Swimming Hall of Fame profile
Hickoksports.com profile
New York Times obituary, June 11, 1959 (subscription required)
1909 births
1959 deaths
Sportspeople from Los Angeles
Divers at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Divers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in diving
Olympic silver medalists for the United States in diving
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in diving
American male divers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1928 Summer Olympics
The James Noble Sherwood House is a private house located at 768 Riverview Drive in Plainwell, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
History
In 1831, Hull Sherwood, originally from Brighton, New York moved to this area and purchased land along the Kalamazoo River, where they established a grist and sawmill. Lebbeus Sherwood, one of Hull's sons, also arrived in the area in 1831 with their family, and two years later they purchased this plot of land along the Kalamazoo River, where they constructed a frame house. With Lebbeus was their son, James Noble Sherwood, who was born in 1820. Lebbeus died of pneumonia in 1835 and the land passed to James.
James Noble Sherwood constructed this house in 1863-64, using local laborers. When James died in 1903, they passed the house and property to their own son, Edward Jay Sherwood. Upon Edward's death in 1934, the house was passed to their son Marion Sherwood. The house was sold by the Sherwood family in 1964.
Description
The James Noble Sherwood House is a two-story brick Greek Revival house built in a gabled Upright and Wing form, with a single-story kitchen addition in the rear. A wide entablature extends around the house, with cornice returns at the gable ends. A wooden shed roof entrance porch runs along the front of the wing section, sheltering three six-over-six windows and a door. The gable end of the upright section has two six-over-six windows in each story, set in segmental-arch-head opening. Similar windows are set in the sides of the house.
On the interior, the first story contains a large parlor, a kitchen, dining room, and two small rooms which were likely originally bedrooms. A former pantry is now a bathroom. The second floor contains three bedrooms. The upper portion of the wing was originally a single room; it has been remodeled into a bedroom, bathroom, and storage space. The house contains The original white pine flooring throughout.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Allegan County, Michigan
Greek Revival architecture in Michigan
Residential buildings completed in 1864
Jałówka may refer to the following places in Podlaskie Voivodeship, north-east Poland:
Jałówka, Gmina Michałowo
Jałówka, Gmina Supraśl
Jałówka, Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka
Jałówka, Gmina Sidra
Jałówka, Gmina Sokółka
Jałówka, site of a Jewish cemetery in Narewka
Sheridan Scott is the former Commissioner of Competition (2004–09) of the Competition Bureau of Canada. They joined the Ottawa office of law firm Bennett Jones in March 2009 after leaving the Bureau.
A 1981 graduate in law from the University of Victoria, Scott is a member of the Law Society of Upper Canada. They worked for the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC), the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, and Bell Canada before being appointed to the Competition Bureau.
External links
Biography of Sheridan Scott
21st-century Canadian civil servants
Canadian educators
Lawyers in Ontario
Carleton University faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of Ottawa faculty
University of Victoria alumni
University of Victoria Faculty of Law alumni
Hector Lombana Piñeres, (8 March 1930 – 19 October 2008) was a Colombian sculptor, painter, and architect from Riofrío, Magdalena.
Lombana was born in Riofrío. One of the most prolific sculptors in history, their works can be seen all over the world, with monuments present in the cities of Cartagena de Indias, Santa Marta, Cali, Barrancabermeja, Bucaramanga, Honda, Cimitarra, and Villavicencio in Colombia, Penonomé and Panama City in Panama, and Coral Gables in Florida, United States. Famous examples include 'El Cangrejo' (The Crab), 'Los Zapatos Viejos' (Old Shoes), 'India Catalina', el 'Sendero Yuma' (Path of the Yuma), 'Monumento a la Solidaridad' (Monument to Solidarity), among others. They died in Santa Marta, aged 78.
References
External links
page
1930 births
2008 deaths
Colombian sculptors
20th-century sculptors
The white-spotted wattle-eye (Platysteira tonsa) is a species of bird in the family Platysteiridae. It is found in Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ivory Coast, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, and Nigeria. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
white-spotted wattle-eye
Birds of Central Africa
white-spotted wattle-eye
white-spotted wattle-eye
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Withington railway station may refer to:
Withington railway station (Gloucestershire), former station in Withington, Gloucestershire, England
Withington railway station (Herefordshire), former station in Withington, Herefordshire, England
Withington tram stop, a stop on the Manchester Metrolink system in Greater Manchester
Withington and West Didsbury railway station, former station in Greater Manchester, originally named Withington
Gerard Benderoth (February 1, 1969 – March 8, 2017) was an American police officer and strongman.
They were a New York City Police officer for more than a decade, and later a local police officer in Haverstraw, Rockland County, New York. They had vied for years to try to win the title "World's Strongest Man".
Standing tall, they weighed and, before crowds of up to 20,000, they had done everything from carrying 450-pound stones to deadlifting 825-pound cars. Benderoth was also a boxer, their skills qualified them for the 1996 Hudson Valley boxing team at the Empire State Games. In 1995, they were a New York Golden Gloves super heavy weight 220-pound finalist, losing by decision.
They were a football player at North Rockland High School, later attending Westchester Community College and Troy State in Alabama.
Death
Benderoth died on March 8, 2017, age 48, from a self-inflicted gunshot wound when they were pulled over by FBI agents and local police officers just a short drive from their home. The FBI reportedly planned to arrest Benderoth on a sealed indictment related to the Tartaglione multiple murder and drug conspiracy case.
Personal life
Benderoth lived in Stony Point, Rockland County, New York, with their wife and four children.
Achievements
2006 - America's Strongest Man 13th
2007 - America's Strongest Man 14th
2008 - America's Strongest Man 10th
References
1969 births
2017 deaths
American strength athletes
New York City Police Department officers
Place of birth missing
People from Haverstraw, New York
People from Stony Point, New York
Suicides by firearm in New York (state)
Patrick "The Pambrose" Ambrose (born 1 September 1991) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). After playing with the Bombers reserves team in the Victorian Football League (VFL), they were recruited by Essendon with the twenty-sixth pick in the 2014 rookie draft and was elevated to the main team list prior to the start of the 2014 season, replacing Alex Browne.He was regarded as being a greater athlete than Lebron James, due to their speed, power, strength, and endurance. They made their debut against in round 1 of the 2014 season.
Ambrose is currently studying a Bachelor of Environmental Science (Environmental Management and Sustainability) at Deakin University.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Essendon Football Club players
Old Xaverians Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Ancorabolidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida.
Genera
Genera:
Algensiella Cottarelli & Baldari, 1987
Ancorabolina George, 2006
Ancorabolus Norman, 1903
References
Copepods
Heart and Souls is a 1993 American fantasy comedy-drama film directed by Ron Underwood. The film stars Robert Downey Jr. as Thomas Reilly, a business person recruited by the souls of four deceased people, their guardian angels from childhood, to help them rectify their unfinished lives, as they are the only one who can communicate with them.
Plot
In San Francisco, 1959, four despondent strangers embark on the same night trolleybus: Penny, a single mother, regrets working the night shift and leaving their three children at home; Harrison, a would-be singer, has backed out of an important audition due to stage fright; Julia leaves their waitering job to seek out their boyfriend John, whose marriage proposal they rejected; and small-time thief Milo has just failed to retrieve a book of valuable stamps that they had conned out of a young boy. Their driver is Hal, who becomes distracted by an attractive passenger in another car and accidentally swerves the trolleybus off of an overpass, killing everyone aboard.
At the same time, Frank Reilly is driving their pregnant wife Eva to the hospital. Frank avoids the trolleybus just before it crashes. The Reillys are safe, but Eva delivers their baby in the car. Hal ascends into the next life, but the souls of the four passengers are "attached" to the newborn baby, Thomas, for reasons they do not understand. Only Thomas can see and hear them, and they are forced to follow them wherever they go. As the years pass, the four grow to love Thomas, and they love them. As Thomas grows older, however, their parents worry about their obsession with these "invisible people" and consider having them committed and getting divorced. Realizing their presence is hurting Thomas, the quartet decides to become invisible to them as well. The perceived abandonment causes young Thomas to avoid close relationships for the rest of their life, fearful that they, too, will leave him.
Thirty-four years later, Hal returns with their trolleybus. Because their irresponsibility ended four innocent lives, Hal has been condemned to convey spirits to the next life, and they have now come for their former passengers. The quartet learns that they've been with Thomas all these years because each of them died with unfinished business: Penny never found out what happened to their children, Harrison never conquered their fears and fulfilled their dream of public singing, Julia never told John their true feelings, and Milo never returned the stamp album, which would have freed them of the guilt from their life of crime. Thomas was meant to serve as their corporeal form, helping them to resolve their final business; if they refused to help, they were to inhabit their body and use it to solve their problems. After convincing Hal to buy some more time for them to rectify their unfinished lives, they reappear to Thomas, now a ruthless foreclosure banker who refuses to open up to their devoted girlfriend Anne.
Thomas, who has since undergone psychotherapy to convince themselves that their "imaginary friends" were only a childhood delusion, initially believes their reappearance means they have had a psychotic break. Ignoring their pleas, they attempt to check themselves into a psychiatric hospital, where a schizophrenic patient is able to describe the spirits that accompany him. This convinces Thomas that the spirits are real, but they are still angry with them for their abandonment and refuses to help them. The quartet convince them by leaping in and out of their body during an important meeting and threatening further public humiliation until Thomas reluctantly agrees to help in order to finally be rid of them.
Thomas is able to locate Penny's two daughters, but not their youngest child Billy, who was adopted after Penny's death. Milo uses Thomas's body to break into a house, steal back the stamp album, and return it to its now-adult owner. However, after the burglary, a nervous Thomas encounters a police sergeant (who is ticketing their illegally parked car) and accidentally gets themselves arrested, forcing Anne to bail them out. Harrison uses Thomas's body to sing the national anthem at a B.B. King concert, after which Thomas is arrested again by the same police sergeant, who Penny suddenly recognizes as their son. Thomas tells Billy the location of their long-lost sisters, and Billy is so overcome that they let Thomas go with a warning. Meanwhile, Anne, concerned with Thomas's recent bizarre behavior, demands to know what's going on. When they are unable to tell her, they break up with him.
Finally, Thomas and Julia write a letter to Julia's boyfriend John in which they confess their love for him, only to learn from a man now living in what was John's house that John died several years before. At the same moment, the trolleybus returns to take Julia. Thomas protests that Julia's business is still unresolved, but Julia realizes that their true business is Thomas, who is making the same mistake with Anne that they made with John. Thomas promises them that they will tell Anne their true feelings before it is too late. Before they depart, Julia temporarily becomes solid again, allowing them to give Thomas a farewell hug.
Thomas invites Anne back to the arboretum, where they admit their fear of abandonment and their love for them As a symbol of their trust, they give them a heart-shaped keyring containing all their personal keys. Anne forgives him. The two dance under the night sky where four new stars twinkle to show that Penny, Julia, Harrison and Milo are finally at peace.
Other interpretations of the movie identify the four souls as the different aspects of Thomas' personality that they must make peace with to mature and ‘walk like a man'.
Cast
Robert Downey Jr. as Thomas Reilly
Eric Lloyd as 7-year-old Thomas Reilly
Kyra Sedgwick as Julia
Charles Grodin as Harrison Winslow
Alfre Woodard as Penny Washington
Tom Sizemore as Milo Peck
Elisabeth Shue as Anne
David Paymer as Hal the Bus Driver
Bill Calvert as Frank Reilly
Lisa Lucas as Eva Reilly
Richard Portnow as Max Marco
B. B. King as Himself
Kurtwood Smith (uncredited) as Patterson
Chloe Webb (uncredited) as Patient in Psychiatric Ward
Production
The film was shot on-location in San Francisco, California. from December 1, 1992 to March 18, 1993. Parts of the film were also shot at Greenfield Ranch in Thousand Oaks, California.
Release
Heart and Souls was released on August 13, 1993, in 1,275 theaters. It debuted at #6 at the box office, grossing $4,322,250 million in its opening weekend; in its second weekend it landed at #8, grossing $2,803,655. The film went on to gross $16.5 million in its theatrical run.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has a score of 55% based on 22 reviews. The site's consensus states: "A charismatic array of character actors bring a lot of Heart to this supernatural comedy, but many will find that it heaps on the sentimentality where its Soul should be." On Metacritic it has a score of 56% based on reviews from 26 critics.
Janet Maslin of The New York Times wrote: "When the film announces, halfway through, that it will be devoting the rest of its running time to tying up these loose ends, the audience may as well give up the ghost."
Peter Travers of Rolling Stone wrote: "Heart and Souls breaks the gimmick jinx by blending laughs and tears into a magical fantasy...Downey shows an explosive talent for physical comedy, most memorably at a business meeting when a feminine spirit moves them and at a B.B. King concert when a shy Grodin uses them to sing the national anthem. The scene is a showstopper, highlighting a potently acted, buoyantly funny film that trades on emotion without making you gag on it."
Ty Burr of Entertainment Weekly wrote: "You may hate yourself for liking Heart and Souls, but at least you can take comfort in the fact that you've been had by professionals."
Accolades
Saturn Award for Best Actor - Robert Downey Jr.; Saturn Award Nominations for Supporting Actors - Charles Grodin and Tom Sizemore; Saturn Award Nominations for Supporting Actresses - Kyra Sedgwick and Alfre Woodard; Saturn Award Nomination for Best Director - Ron Underwood; Saturn Award Nomination for Best Writing - Brent Maddock, S.S. Wilson, Gregory Hansen, Erik Hansen; Saturn Award Nomination for Best Fantasy Film; Saturn Award Nomination for Best Music - Marc Shaiman; Saturn Award Nomination for Best Special Effects - Pacific Data Images and 4-Ward Productions
See also
Ghost Town
List of films about angels
List of ghost films
References
External links
1993 films
1990s fantasy comedy-drama films
1990s ghost films
American fantasy comedy-drama films
American ghost films
Films directed by Ron Underwood
Films scored by Marc Shaiman
Films set in the 1950s
Films set in San Francisco
Films shot in San Francisco
Universal Pictures films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
Helvis of Lusignan (c. 1190 – c. 1218) was the daughter of Amalric II of Jerusalem, King of Cyprus, and their wife, Eschive d'Ibelin.
They were married twice.
Firstly, they were given in marriage to Eudes de Dampierre, a French knight, in about 1205. With Eudes they had children, including the eldest son
Richard de Dampierre.
The details of their second marriage are revealed in a letter from Pope Innocent III to the archbishop of Antioch, dated September 1211. Helvis had been taken from their husband (or fled him) by the young Raymond-Roupen of Antioch, designated heir to the Armenian throne, and although ecclesiastical authorities commanded the return to their husband Eudes de Dampierre, Helvis refused. The young couple seem to have been encouraged by Helvis' brother-in-law, Walter of Montbéliard, which infuriated Helvis' brother King Hugh.
They and Raymond-Roupen had issue:
Maria of Antioch-Armenia (1215–1257); married Philippe de Montfort, Lord of Castres, of Tyre, and of Toron (died 1270)
Eschive d'Antioche (who seems to have died young). Critical genealogists have concluded that they did not marry Hetoum, Lord of Lampron (1220–1250), of the House of Hetoumid, although a lot of older genealogical fantasies present that marriage.
References
Sources
This page is a translation of :fr:Helvis de Lusignan.
1190 births
1218 deaths
12th-century women
13th-century women
House of Lusignan
Princesses of Antioch
The Joseon Grand Exposition(조선대박람회,朝鮮大博覽會) opened on 1 September 1940 at east East Kyǒngsǒng Station (now Seoul Station). It was organised by the Keijō Nippō newspaper.
Aims
The exhibition had three aims: to mark 2600 years of the Japanese Empire, 30 years of Japanese Government in Korea and to prepare the population for war.
Architecture
Architecture was in modernism style, spread over 28 acres.
Pavilions included Booming of Korea, China, Manchuria and Manchurian settler's pavilion, both by the Korean-Manchurian Colonial Company, Mongolia pavilion, and Seoul.
The Holy War Street contained the Holy War Pavilion and War Achievements Pavilion both displaying battle scene dioramas and trophies from the second Sino-Japanese war.
References
1940 establishments in Korea
1940s in Seoul
Seoul
World's fairs in Korea
The Niger women's national football team represents Niger in international women's football. It is governed by the Nigerien Football Federation. It has played in four FIFA recognised matches, two of which were losses to Burkina Faso women's national football team in 2007. There is an under-20 women's national team who were supposed to participate in the 2002 African Women U-19 Championship but withdrew before playing a game. There are problems that impact the development of the women's game in Africa that effect Niger.
Team image
Background and development
Early development of the women's game at the time colonial powers brought football to the continent was limited as colonial powers in the region tended to take male concepts of patriarchy and women's participation in sport with them to local cultures that had similar concepts already embedded in them. The lack of later development of the national team on a wider international level symptomatic of all African teams is a result of several factors, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. When quality female football players are developed, they tend to leave for greater opportunities abroad. Continent wide, funding is also an issue, with most development money coming from FIFA, not the national football association. Future, success for women's football in Africa is dependent on improved facilities and access by women to these facilities. Attempting to commercialise the game and make it commercially viable is not the solution, as demonstrated by the current existence of many youths and women's football camps held throughout the continent.
The Nigerien Football Federation was founded in 1967 and became a FIFA affiliate that same year. The FIFA trigramme is NIG. The national association does not have a full-time staffer dedicated to women, and there are no organisational or constitutional provisions specifically pertaining to the women's game.
No organised women's football programme existed in the country despite football being one of the most popular sports in the country by 2009. For women though, basketball is the most popular participation sport. In 2006, there were zero registered female players and zero registered football clubs for women only. Rights to broadcast the 2011 Women's World Cup in the country were bought by the African Union of Broadcasting and Supersport International.
Team
In 1985, almost no country in the world had a women's national football team including Niger who officially had no women's national senior A team before 2006 and only had their first FIFA recognised international in 2007 when they competed at the Tournoi de Cinq Nations held in Ouagadougou. On 2 September, they lost to Burkina Faso 0–10. On 6 September, they lost to Burkina Faso 0–5. The country did not have a team competing in the 2010 African Women's Championships during the preliminary rounds or the 2011 All Africa Games. In June 2012, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA. The country has never been ranked by FIFA.
The country has had a Niger women's national under-19 football team who have competed in the 2002 African Women U-19 Championship, the first edition of the competition to be held. They had a bye in the first round. In the quarterfinals, they were supposed to play Morocco but Niger withdrew from the competition.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
Legend
2021
Source : globalsportsarchive
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Managerial history
Players
Current squad
The following players were named on 10 October 2021 for the 2022 Africa Women Cup of Nations qualification tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Niger squad in the past 12 months.
Records
*Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 26 October 2021.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Olympic Games
Africa Women Cup of Nations
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
African Games
WAFU Women's Cup record
Honours
See also
Sport in Niger
Football in Niger
Women's football in Niger
Niger men's national football team
References
External links
Niger Football Federation website
W
African women's national association football teams
Football in Niger
Urma was a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. It was merged into Dhangadhi in 2015. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7,997, living in 845 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Prayers for the Stolen () is a 2021 Mexican drama film directed and written by Tatiana Huezo, which adapts Jennifer Clement's novel Prayers for the Stolen.
Plot
Three girls in San Miguel, Jalisco come of age in a rural village that is dominated by the drug trade and human trafficking.
Cast
Release
In June 2021, the film was selected to compete in the Un Certain Regard section at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival. At Cannes, it won a Special Mention in the Un Certain Regard section.
The film was theatrically released in Mexico on 16 September 2021. In October 2021, it was disclosed to be the Mexican entry for the Best International Feature Film at the 94th Academy Awards. It began streaming on Netflix on 17 November 2021.
Awards and nominations
See also
List of submissions to the 94th Academy Awards for Best International Feature Film
List of Mexican submissions for the Academy Award for Best International Feature Film
References
External links
2021 films
2021 drama films
2020s Spanish-language films
Mexican drama films
Films set in Mexico
Works about Mexican drug cartels
2020s Mexican films
Adria Locke Langley (1899 – August 14, 1983) was an American writer best known for their first novel, published in 1945, the best seller A Lion Is in the Streets based on the life of Huey Long. It was made into a film of the same name in 1953. They also are a fervent supporter of the repeal of Prohibition.
Biography
Locke was born in Iowa, 1899, as the youngest of three children. When they were young their family moved to Stanton, Nebraska and that is where they grew up. Them father William Locke, was president of the Omaha livestock market and a Quaker. They had certain ideas of what a woman should be. Because of this Adria's grandfather, Thomas Glendenning, took over in teaching them what would later be a great social consciousness.
Adria was sent to Fremont College, in Nebraska, where they spent two years earning a teaching certificate. They were too young to qualify as a teacher under Nebraska State laws so they entered into Northwestern University. They were suspended for a séance.
Locke married while still in their teen years and got a divorce in 1929. With only about in their pocket to support them and their eight-month-old daughter they began to travel through the south selling merchandise control systems to department stores. They took up the habit of visiting the town hall meetings wherever they happened to be and became active in the movement for prohibition reform.
References
External links
20th-century American novelists
American women novelists
1899 births
1983 deaths
People from Stanton County, Nebraska
Writers from Nebraska
20th-century American women writers
Erika Flores (born November 2, 1979 in Grass Valley, Nevada County, California) is an American former child actor and former actor, and sister of Melissa Flores, also a former child actor.
Career
 They are known for their role as the first Colleen Cooper in the Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman TV series; Flores left the role in 1995, in the middle of the third season, and the role was then recast with Jessica Bowman taking over as Colleen.
Flores guest-starred on the Star Trek: The Next Generation episode "Disaster". They played Marissa Flores, one of three young science-fair winners aboard the USS Enterprise.
In January 2009, Flores guest starred and had their last role as Sarah, the main patient in "Big Baby", a fifth-season episode of the Fox show, House.
They also made appearances on Dear John, Empty Nest, Step by Step, and CSI: Miami.
Personal life
They married Bartlett E. "Bart" Burson on July 1, 2006 and has two children.
Filmography
References
External links
1979 births
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
Actresses from California
People from Grass Valley, California
American child actores
American television actores
Living people
Seaforth railway station (officially Seaforth Station) is a suburban railway station in Gosnells, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia. It is on the Armadale line which is part of the Transperth network, and is southwest of Perth station and north of Armadale station. The station opened on 4 May 1948 with low level platforms. High level platforms were added in 1968. The station consists of two side platforms with a pedestrian level crossing. It is not fully accessible due to steep ramps and a lack of tactile paving.
Services are operated by Transperth Train Operations, a division of the state government's Public Transport Authority. Peak services reach seven trains per hour in each direction, whilst off-peak services are four trains per hour. The station is one of the least used ones on the Transperth network, with just 136 boardings per day in October 2017.
Description
Seaforth station is along the South Western Railway, which links Perth to Bunbury. The northern of this railway, between Perth and Armadale, is used by Armadale line suburban rail services as part of the Transperth network. The line and the station are owned by the Public Transport Authority (PTA), an agency of the Government of Western Australia. Seaforth station is located between Gosnells station to the north and Kelmscott station to the south, within the suburb of Gosnells, Western Australia. The station is between Albany Highway to the east and Seaforth Avenue to the west, , or a 25-minute train journey, from Perth station, and , or a 10-minute train journey, from Armadale station. This places the station in Transperth fare zone three.
Seaforth station consists of two side platforms which are approximately long, enough for a four-car train but not a six-car train. The only way to cross the tracks is at a pedestrian level crossing at the southern end of the station. Two car parks with 41 bays in total are on Seaforth Avenue. Seaforth station is not fully accessible due to the ramps to the platforms being too steep and a lack of tactile paving.
History
After a campaign by the South-East Gosnells Progress Association, the station opened on 4 May 1948, although at the time, all it had were low level platforms and no name. Later that month, the Gosnells Road Board passed a motion that the name "Seaforth" be suggested to the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) after the name of a local estate. When WAGR sought approval for the name from Canberra, they were reluctant to approve the name as it was used for stations in all other Australian states. The station had since become colloquially known as "Woop Woop". Seaforth was eventually approved though in April 1949.
In 1968, high level platforms were constructed.
Services
Seaforth station is served by Armadale line services operated by Transperth Train Operations, a division of the PTA. The line goes between Perth station and Armadale station. Armadale line services reach seven trains per hour during peak, dropping down to four trains per hour between peaks. At night, there are two trains per hour, dropping to one train per hour in the early hours of the morning. Apart from at night and on Sundays/public holidays, most train services follow the "C" stopping pattern, which skips Burswood, Victoria Park, Carlisle, Welshpool and Queens Park stations. There are also two "B" stopping pattern services which run during the afternoon Armadale-bound. Those services are the same as the "C" pattern except they stop at Queens Park. Starting at night, trains stop at all stations. On Sundays and public holidays, half of all trains are "C" pattern trains and half are all stops trains.
On Seaforth Avenue is a pair of bus stops for route 907, the rail replacement bus service. On Albany Highway is a pair of bus stops for route 220, which runs along Albany Highway from Perth to Armadale.
In the 2013–14 financial year, Seaforth station had 51,887 boardings, making it the least used station on the Armadale and Thornlie lines. On an average weekday in October 2017, the station had 136 boardings, making it the least used Transperth station. The weekend average number of boardings was 170 in October 2018, making it the second least used Transperth station after Success Hill station. In 2018, City of Armadale Mayor Henry Zelones said that several hundred hectares of vacant land nearby had been set for high density development, which would increase patronage.
Notes
References
External links
Armadale and Thornlie lines
Railway stations in Perth, Western Australia
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1948
Toimi Alatalo (4 April 1929 – 28 April 2014) was a Finnish cross-country skier who competed in the late 1950s and early 1960s. They won a gold medal at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley in the 4 × 10 km relay.
Cross-country skiing results
Olympic Games
1 medal – (1 gold)
References
External links
Finland's 1960 Winter Olympic medals
1929 births
2014 deaths
Finnish male cross-country skiers
Cross-country skiers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Finland
Bolesław Filipiak (1 September 1901 – 14 October 1978) was a Polish Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. They served as Dean of the Roman Rota from 1967 to 1976, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1976.
Biography
Bolesław Filipiak was born in Ośniszczewko (now in Inowrocław County), Province of Posen, German Empire the oldest of the seven children of Hilarego and Weronika (née Biegałów) Filipiak. They studied at the University of Poznań and the seminary in the same city before being ordained to the priesthood by Bishop Antoni Laubtiza on 29 May 1926. They're following a period of pastoral work in Gniezno, Filipiak went to Rome to study at the Pontifical Roman Athenaeum S. Apollinare and the Institute Utriusque Iuris (from where they obtained a doctorate in canon and civil law on 13 April 1935).
From 1935 to 1944 they served as private secretary to Cardinal August Hlond, the primatial Archbishop of Gniezno. Filipiak was jailed in Nazi prisons for a year and then made a member of the archdiocesan tribunal of Gniezno in 1945. They were then president of the tribunal of third instance for matrimonial causes reserved to the Holy See until 1947.
Within the Roman Curia, they were named Auditor (24 September 1947) and later Dean of the Roman Rota (26 June 1967). Filipiak was made an honorary canon of the cathedral chapter of Gniezno on 15 October 1947, and of Poznań on 8 September 1958. They also served as President of the Appellate Tribunal of Vatican City.
On 1 May 1976 Filipiak was appointed Titular Bishop of Plestia by Pope Paul VI. They received their episcopal consecration on the following 14 May from Cardinal Pericle Felici, with Archbishop Antoni Baraniak and Bishop Andrzej Deskur serving as co-consecrators, in the church of Sant'Anselmo all'Aventino. Pope Paul created them Cardinal Deacon of San Giovanni Bosco in Via Tuscolana in the consistory of 24 May 1976. Owing to ill health the Cardinal could not participate in the conclave of August 1978.
Filipiak died in Poznań on the opening day of the October 1978 conclave, at age 77.  They are buried in the Cathedral-Basilica of Ss. Peter and Paul.
External links
Cardinals of the Holy Roman Church
Catholic-Hierarchy
1901 births
1978 deaths
People from Inowrocław County
20th-century Polish cardinals
Polish Roman Catholic titular bishops
People from the Province of Posen
Burials at Poznań Cathedral
Cardinals created by Pope Paul VI
Prisoners and detainees of Germany
Bappaditya Bandopadhyay or Bappaditya Banerjee (; 28 August 1970 – 7 November 2015) was an Indian film director and poet.
Career
Bandopadhyay was the recipient of the Most Promising Director award for the year 2003, by the BFJA (Bengal Film Journalists' Association). Their second feature film Silpantar (Colours of Hunger) was premiered at the Sofia International Film Festival, Bulgaria. The film was selected in the competitive section of the International Film Festival Bratislava in 2003. It was the only Indian film other than Devdas selected at the 2003 Helsinki International Film Festival. Debashree Roy won the Kalakar Award for Best Actress for their performance in the film.
Bappaditya Bandopadhyay's first feature film Sampradan (The Offering of the Daughter) was selected in the competitive section of the 6th Dhaka International Film Festival, 2000. The film won three major awards in the categories of Best Supporting Actress, Best Supporting Actor and Best Female Playback Singer in the BFJA Awards that year. It also won the Dishari Award in the category of Best Music Director.
Their third feature film Devaki, starring Perizaad Zorabian and Suman Ranganathan, two Bollywood actores, in English and Hindi was released in 2006. The film was selected and screened at the Indian Osean section of the 7th Osian's Cinefan Film Festival. The film was in the competition section in the Temecula Valley International Film Festival and the Idaho International Film Festival. It also won the Best Feature Film Award at the Asheville Film Festival.
Kantatar, the fourth feature film directed by Bandopadhyay was selected in the Asian competition of the 7th Osian's Cinefan Film Festival. The film was also screened at the Raindance Film Festival in London.
Bandopadhyay also directed a television serial, Anandanagarir kathakata, on the architectural history of Kolkata for the Bengali television channel Alpha Bangla. Their documentary on the tribal masks was broadcast by Doordarshan.
Their film, Kagojer Bou, based on the novel of the same name by Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay, released in 2010.
They were a long time associate of the editor Dipak Mandal with whom they worked 2009 to 2015.
Bandopadhyay was also a poet. Their published works include Pokader Atmiyasajan (Friends and Relatives of the Insects). They wrote regularly on the various aspects of modern cinema.
Death
Bappaditya died of multiple organ failure on 7 November 2015 in Kolkata, aged 45.
Filmography
The following is the list of films directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay. For many of these movies, Bappaditya Bandopadhyay is also credited for the story and screenplay:
Director
References
External links
2015 deaths
21st-century Indian film directors
Film directors from Kolkata
Bengali film directors
1970 births
Ramakrishna Mission schools alumni
Asutosh College alumni
University of Calcutta alumni
Hindi-language film directors
20th-century Indian film directors
Purmandal (also called Chhota Kashi) is a village located on the Devika River in Samba district, Jammu and Kashmir, India. The village and its temples are a pilgrimage site for Hindus, who believe bathing in the river cleanses the soul.
Geography
Purmandal is located on the banks of the Devika River in the hills about southeast of Jammu and about northwest of Samba by road via Vijaypur.
Around
Devika runs down from Purmandal to Uttarvehni through village Mandal. Uttarvehni in local language (i.e., Dogri) means flowing towards north. It is one of the rare places where a river flows from south to north. Rameshwaram and Bhuteshawar are ancient temples in Mandal.
Points of interest
Purmandal Temple, dedicated to Parvati, is built on the west bank of the river. A number of other temples are dedicated to Shiva. There is a large haveli (mansion) dating from about 1830, in good condition, and several dharamshalas (rest-houses for pilgrims), mostly severely deteriorated. Many of these structures are decorated with murals dating from between 1813 and 1898.
Transport
Buses connect the village to Jammu.
Events
Every month a Mela is organized here. The devotees take a holy dip in the Devak river and seek blessings. There are total 12 Mela in a year. Every Mela has assigned a unique name corresponding to the month, i.e. Chaitra Chaudish, Shivraatri Mela, etc.
References
Hindu temples in Jammu and Kashmir
Shiva temples in India
Religious tourism in India
Hindu pilgrimage sites in India
Tourist attractions in Jammu and Kashmir
Archaeological sites in Jammu and Kashmir
Villages in Samba district
Cyril Grant (10 July 1920 – 2002) was an English professional footballer. They were born in Wath, Yorkshire.
Grant started their career with Lincoln City during World War II as a centre forward. They were transferred to Arsenal in August 1946 as a possible replacement for Ted Drake, but they spent only five months with the club. During this time they played two league matches before being transferred to Fulham in January 1947 as part of a swap deal for Ronnie Rooke.
They scored four goals in fourteen league matches for Fulham, but they left the club in March 1948 for Southend United of the Third Division South. In seven years with the club, they scored 64 goals in 183 matches. They finished their career with Gravesend & Northfleet.
References
1920 births
2002 deaths
English footballers
Arsenal F.C. players
Lincoln City F.C. players
Fulham F.C. players
Southend United F.C. players
Ebbsfleet United F.C. players
Sportspeople from Yorkshire
Association football forwards
Max Poepel (21 October 1896 – 28 August 1966) was the acting Lord Mayor (Oberbürgermeister) of Aue in the German federal state of Saxony from the end of 1945. In this capacity they prevented the destruction of the most important bridges in the industrial town by German Wehrmacht forces.
Life and works
Poepel was born on 21 October 1896 in Aue in the German state of Saxony, the son of a smith, Albin Poepel. At 18 years of age Max Poepel became a soldier in the First World War, where they obtained a driving licence and worked as a vehicle driver. Following their return to their home town they finished their education and became a master smith. They eventually took over their father's horseshoe workshop and smithy and developed it into a car workshop because of increasing motorisation. In the 1930s they had the Ford franchise for Aue and the surrounding area. In 1933 they joined the Nazi Motor Corps (NSKK). Due to differences of opinion with the leadership of the Corps they were later banned. In the same period Poepel was elected to the town council. When the Lord Mayor, Paul Geipel, was called up for Wehrmacht service in 1940 Poepel deputised as Lord Mayor and, from January 1945, they became the acting Lord Mayor (kommissarischer Oberbürgermeister). In spring of 1945 they learned that a unit from the American Army was advancing on the town from the west. A Wehrmacht combat commander who had only just been appointed, and who was subordinated to a unit of SS storm troopers, had ensured that Aue was ready to defend itself, true to the Führer's orders. As part of the defensive preparations the key bridges were fitted with explosive charges and three twin machine guns were placed around the railway station. At the final council meeting on 25 April 1945 the military situation was discussed. The combat commander reported on the planned defensive measures and the consequences of surrender: the Mayor of Lößnitz, Rudolf Weber, had just been shot because they had surrendered the town to the Americans without a fight.
Although Poepel was a member of the Nazi Party and in spite of the threat of coercion they took responsibility for the inhabitants and the refugees staying in the town. When they heard of the refusal of the Head of the Technical Emergency Service (Technische Nothilfe) to blow up the bridges, Poepel looked to an ally in Captain Zind of the Army engineers. With Poepel's personal guarantee the latter was able to persuade the divisional headquarters to have anti-tank obstacles built instead of blowing up the bridges. Within four days members of the Technical Emergency Service built numerous anti-tank obstacles on the key bridges in Aue, using wooden beams and stones ridges. On 4 May 1945 only a weak US armoured reconnaissance troop reached the town, but was able to take it without fighting by bypassing the tank traps. The events of those days were held in Max Poepel's personal records which were found in 1991 and titled "The Last Days of the Third Reich in Aue, as I experienced it as a Town Councillor and Deputy Mayor". The complete text is in Aue's district archives. An abridged version was printed in 1991 and 1992 as a serialization in the daily newspaper, Freie Presse.
The Americans did not occupy Aue administratively, but took some war booty from the inhabitants, including watches, binoculars, cameras and jewelry. When the Red Army took over the town from the Americans in accordance with the division of Germany into occupation zones after the Yalta Conference in June 1945, Max Poepel was arrested by the Soviet occupation forces, despite their record and the support of some anti-fascists. Up to 1949 they were held in a number of NKVD special camps like Torgau, Mühlberg and Buchenwald. In 1950, Poepel returned to Aue and was able to take over their garage business again, which had been run during their absence by its master mechanic, Fritz Taut. The garage's most important work was to repair existing cars, since there were hardly any new cars. Poepel led this workshop until their death in 1966.
Max Poepel was married to Greta, née Schulz, and they had a daughter, Anneliese. Anneliese Poepel studied under the strict tutelage of their father's car mechanic, passed the trade test and later received the master's certificate. They married Erich Schmutzler, who manufactured cutting and punching tools in several of the rooms in their father-in-law's workshop. After Poepel's death in Aue on 28 August 1966, Schmutzler at first allowed the garage to be run under by an employee and ran the cutter and punch business himself. When the number of employees working for independent artisans became regulated by the authorities, Erich Schmutzler finally gave up Max Poepel's garage in 1969.
Max Poepel's urn was buried in the family grave in Aue-Zelle. Anneliese Schmutzler, née Poepel, died in 2008.
References
Sources
Aue, Mosaiksteine der Geschichte, Hrsg. Stadtverwaltung Aue, Druckerei und Verlag Mike Rockstroh, Aue 1997; S. 170-172
Max Poepel: Des Stadtrats Tagebuch; Dokumentensammlung Nr. 657 im Kreisarchiv Aue
Politicians from Saxony
Aue
Nazi Party politicians
1896 births
1966 deaths
Mayors of places in Saxony
Prisoners and detainees of East Germany
National Socialist Motor Corps members
is a Japanese Olympic dressage rider. Representing Japan, they competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro where they finished 50th in the individual and 11th in the team competition.
References
External links
Living people
1978 births
Japanese female equestrians
Japanese dressage riders
Equestrians at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic equestrians of Japan
Equestrians at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Japan
Asian Games medalists in equestrian
Medalists at the 2018 Asian Games
Sign language refers to any natural language which uses visual gestures produced by the hands and body language to express meaning. The brain's left side is the dominant side utilized for producing and understanding sign language, just as it is for speech. In 1861, Paul Broca studied patients with the ability to understand spoken languages but the inability to produce them. The damaged area was named Broca's area, and located in the left hemisphere's inferior frontal gyrus (Brodmann areas 44, 45). Soon after, in 1874, Carl Wernicke studied patients with the reverse deficits: patients could produce spoken language, but could not comprehend it. The damaged area was named Wernicke's area, and is located in the left hemisphere's posterior superior temporal gyrus (Brodmann area 22).
Signers with damage in Broca's area have problems producing signs. Those with damage in the Wernicke's area (left hemisphere) in the temporal lobe of the brain have problems comprehending signed languages. Early on, it was noted that Broca's area was near the part of the motor cortex controlling the face and mouth. Likewise, Wernicke's area was near the auditory cortex. These motor and auditory areas are important in spoken language processing and production, but the connection to signed languages had yet to be uncovered. For this reason, the left hemisphere was described as the verbal hemisphere, with the right hemisphere deemed to be responsible for spatial tasks. These criteria and classification was used to denounce signed languages as not equal to spoken language until it was widely agreed upon that due to the similarities in cortical connectivity they are linguistically and cognitively equivalent.
In the 1980s research on deaf patients with left hemisphere stroke were examined to explore the brains connection with signed languages. The left perisylvian region was discovered to be functionally critical for language, spoken and signed. Its location near several key auditory processing regions led to the belief that language processing required auditory input and was used to discredit signed languages as "real languages." This research opened the doorway for linguistic analysis and further research on signed languages. Signed languages, like spoken languages, are highly structured linguistic systems; they have their own sets of phonological, morphological and syntactic characteristics. Despite some differences between spoken and signed languages, the associated brain areas share a lot in common.
Hemispheric similarities and differences between spoken and signed languages
Both the left and right hemisphere have brain structures associated with spoken and signed languages. Spoken and signed languages both depend on the same cortical substrate. This shows that the left hemisphere is responsible for processing all facets of language, not just speech. The neural organization underlying sign language abilities, however, has more in common with that of spoken language than it does with the neural organization underlying visuospatial processing, which is processed dominantly in the right hemisphere. Those patients with left hemisphere damage (LHD), in areas ranging from the frontal lobe to the occipital lobe, exhibited both Broca's and Wernicke's aphasia symptoms. Patients performed poorly on many language-based tasks such as comprehending signs and sentences and fluently signing. Similar to hearing patients' “slips of the tongue” after LHD, deaf LHD patients experienced paraphasias, or “slips of the hand.” These slips of the hand usually involve an incorrect hand shape in the correct location and with the correct movement, similar to a hearing patient substituting “bline” or “gine” for “fine.” Some right hemisphere damage does lead to disruptions in sign languages, however. The topographical use of signing space is often imprecise in patients with RHD; the relation between the location of hands in signing space and the location of objects in physical space is often impaired. Rather than being misunderstood, however, subjects and objects in a sentence may simply be placed incorrectly relative to the other subjects and objects in a sentence, like saying “the pencil is in the book” rather than, “the pencil is on top of the book.” Around the time of the experiment, theories began to float around the community that there may be an unexplained involvement of the right hemisphere in signed languages not seen in spoken languages. These theories were also adopted by signed language linguists and further imaging studies and neuropsychological testing confirmed the presence of activity in the right hemisphere. Prior right hemisphere studies on spoken languages has led to prevailing theories in its role in discourse cohesion and prosody. The right hemisphere has been proposed to assist in detection, processing and discrimination of visual movement. The right hemisphere has also been shown to play a role in the perception of body movements and positions. All of these right hemisphere features are more prominent for signed languages than spoken languages, hence the argument that signed languages engage the right hemisphere more than spoken languages.
As brain imaging technology such as EEG became more developed and commonplace, it was eventually applied to sign language comprehension. Using EEG to record event-related potentials can correlate specific brain activity to language processing in real time. Previous application of ERP on hearing patients showed neural activity in the left hemisphere related to syntactic errors. When electrodes are hooked up to deaf native signers, similar syntactic anomalies associated with an event-related potential were recorded across both left and right hemisphere. This shows that syntactic processing for American Sign Language (ASL) is not lateralized to the left hemisphere.
When communicating in their respective languages, similar brain regions are activated for both deaf and hearing subjects with a few exceptions. During the processing of auditory stimuli for spoken languages there is detectable activity within Broca's Area, Wernicke's Area, the angular gyrus, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, and superior temporal sulcus. Right hemisphere activity was detectable in less than 50% of trials for hearing subjects reciting English sentences. When deaf subjects were tasked with reading English, none of the left hemisphere structures seen with hearing subjects were visible. Deaf subjects also displayed obvious middle and posterior temporal-parietal activation within the right hemisphere. When hearing subjects were presented various signs designed to evoke emotion within native signers, there were no clear changes in brain activity in traditional language processing centers. Brain activity of deaf native signers when processing signs was similar to activity of hearing subjects processing English. However, processing of ASL extensively recruited right hemisphere structures including significant activation of the entire superior temporal lobe, the angular region, and inferior prefrontal cortex. Since native hearing signers also exhibited this right hemisphere activation when processing ASL, it has been proposed that this right hemisphere activation is due to the temporal visuospatial decoding necessary to process signed languages.
In a similar study published in 2017, deaf individuals who use French Sign Language were studied during processing French Sign Language and written French. During the processes of each of the languages, there was bilateral activation in the occipital lobes, in the temporal lobes near the superior temporal sulcus, and in the frontal gyri. The processing of sign language showed stronger activation in both occipital lobes, both posterior temporal lobes, and in the thalamus bilaterally. It also showed strong activation particularly in structures in the right hemisphere: the superior temporal sulcus, the fusiform gyrus, and the inferior frontal gyrus. Opposed to processing sign language, when the individuals processed written French there was strong activation bilaterally and in the left hemisphere. The areas that showed bilateral activation were the inferior parietal lobes, fusiform gyri, and Brodmann Area 44, among others. The areas lateralized to the left hemisphere were the calcarine and fusiform gyrus, specifically at the location for visual word form.
Neurological differences between deaf and hearing groups
It is thought that there are significant neuroanatomical differences among congenitally deaf humans versus those who become deaf later in life. Therefore, it is widely thought that research into the differences in connections and projections of neurons in deaf humans must block into two groups—congenitally deaf and deaf after birth. Structural brain imaging has commonly shown white matter volume of the auditory cortices differs between deaf and hearing subjects, regardless of the first language learned. Deaf humans are thought to have a larger ratio of gray matter to white matter in certain auditory cortices, such as left and right Heschl's gyrus and Superior Temporal gyrus. This heightened ratio is thought to exist due to less overall white matter in Heschl's gyrus and the Superior Temoral gyrus among deaf humans. Overall, the auditory cortices of deaf humans have an increased gray-white matter ratio as a result of the lack of auditory stimuli which is commonly thought to lead to less myelination and fewer projections to and from the auditory cortices.
It has been thought that congenitally deaf people could provide insight into brain plasticity; the decreased auditory connectivity and brain volume for auditory processing provides an opportunity for enhancement in the visual cortices which are of greater importance to deaf humans. The Calcarine sulcus acts as the hub for the Primary Visual Cortex in humans. Congenitally deaf humans have measurably higher volume of Calcarine cortex than hearing humans. The increased volume and size of visual cortices of deaf individuals can lead to heightened visual processing. Deaf humans have demonstrated, via event-related potential, an increased sensitivity and reactivity to new visual stimuli—evidence of brain plasticity leading to behavioral enhancement.
Differences between signers and non-signers
In one experiment published in 1992, visual mental imagery was studied in ASL signers—deaf and hearing—and hearing non-signers. These hearing signers were born to deaf parents, and ASL was their first language. Another aspect looked at in this study was the difference between native signers and those who learned sign language at a later age. In this experiment, native signers are considered deaf individuals who were born to deaf parents and therefore started absorbing the language in infancy. The other deaf signers' primary language is sign language, but they did not learn it until between the ages of two to sixteen.
In the experiment of generating simple and complex images, deaf individuals were the quickest, followed by hearing signers and then hearing non-signers. This was expected; however, looking at a chart of the results, the hearing signers performed almost identically, in regards to the simple and complex images, to the deaf signers but just more slowly. The hearing non-signers were right on track in following behind on the simple image, but their reaction time was vastly longer. At least in this area, experience with a visual-spatial language provides quicker reaction times.
The results are consistent with abilities recruited for processing sign language being enhanced in the brain, compared to those abilities in non-signers. A couple of things the subjects were tested on were mental rotation and mirror reversals. Signers had an advantage in mirror reversals, but there was no difference between signers and non-signers performing mental rotation. Because of these results, it may not be true to say that signers have a better ability to transform images, but the ability may be in rotating images. Because of this experiment, the cause of enhanced abilities was questioned to be because of auditory deprivation or because of using a visual-spatial language. Hearing signers who learned sign language as a first language may be the key to answering this question.
References
Sign language
Relish is a Northern Irish rock band composed of brothers Ken (vocals and guitar) and Carl (drums, keyboards and vocals) Papenfus, and until 2013 Darren Campbell (bass and vocals). They have released three albums: 2001's "Wildflowers" (Platinum), "Karma Calling" (Gold) in 2003 (both of these were on the EMI Ireland label), and "Connected" in 2011. "Wildflowers | Karma Calling was released as a double album package by Universal Records (Ireland) in 2015.
The band is perhaps best known for the songs "Rainbow Zephyr" and "You'm Thinking Of", from their debut album, Wildflowers. The former (a big Irish radio hit in its own right) was covered by Westlife with slightly changed lyrics and released as a single "Hey Whatever", which went on to become an international hit.
Relish were fully formed by the mid 1990s when bass player Darren Campbell teamed up with the brothers. The band signed to EMI in 1998 and immediately caught the attention of famed producer John Leckie (The Stone Roses, Radiohead).
Fans of the band include Brian May of Queen and Larry Mullen Jr of U2.
History
Upbringing
The Papenfus brothers are sons of South African jazz singer Jane Londis (of Golden City Dixies fame) and doctor of psychology, author and percussionist Stan Papenfus. Their parents fled South Africa whose apartheid system deemed their inter-racial marriage illegal and settled in Belfast, Northern Ireland in the early 1970s. The Papenfus' sons early musical upbringing was augmented by their parents record collection of jazz, gospel + world music and 1960s rock; their only possession brought from South Africa.
Early bands and Relish formation
Pre-Relish musical outfits included 50/50 (half cover versions/half original) with Steafán Hanvey and grunge + funk metal band The Id. Darren Campbell joined the band and Relish was formed from the ashes of The Id after the departure of keyboard player, and vocalist Brendan Kelly. Reduced to a 3-piece outfit, all members took up vocal duties with Ken reluctantly assuming lead vocals and named themselves Relish in 1995. After three years of consistent demoing, gigging and building relationships with labels, one demo struck a chord that had record labels visiting the Relish rehearsal room in their home town of Downpatrick.
Releases
EMI years
Wildflowers
Following a series of auditions in the Papenfus' living room in front of a bemused number of record company A&R personnel, the band signed to EMI Ireland in 1998 and began work on their debut album "Wildflowers" with acclaimed producer John Leckie ( Stone Roses, Radiohead), in UK studios Rockfield, Air and Abbey Road Studios. Al Clay (Stereophonics, Pixies) was commissioned to produce and mix the next phase of recording at BJG and Windmill Lane studios in Ireland. The 2001 release debuted at No 6 in the Irish charts and was well received in both the UK and Ireland. It spawned a top 10 and two top 30 singles, and a No1 in the airplay charts in Japan with "You'm Thinking Of" The album, and particularly its lead singles, "Let It Fly" and "Rainbow Zephyr", brimmed over with direct soul and gospel influences, soft in tone but with a clear rock edge. Karma CallingKarma Calling was released in 2003 debuting at No. 8 in the Irish charts. Produced by Al Clay it achieved a No11 Irish hit single with '''Father, Brother, Lover and Son. During this period live slots included appearances at Scotland's T in the Park, the V Festival, Japan's Summer Sonic Festival, and by personal invitation by U2's Larry Mullen Jr. at Ireland's Slane Castle.
Post EMI years
Connected
On 19 November 2010 Relish performed their first live gig in five years. It was a charity fund raiser for Brendan Kelly, former band member and ex lead vocalist of The Id.
In October 2011 a new album called "Connected" received a low key UK + Ireland release on their own label Zephyr Sounds licensed to US label Rock Ridge Music/ADA Warners (which included radio hits "Something To Believe In", "Connected" and "Together You") to positive reviews. Written, recorded, engineered, produced and mixed (almost entirely) by the Papenfus brothers, it was a heavily revised version of "Three Times"; a Japanese only release through CCRE Entertainment in 2009.
Wildflowers | Karma Calling
Wildflowers | Karma Calling was released as a double album package in Ireland only by Universal Records (Ireland) in 2015. It was released with the inclusion of the bonus track and hit single "Got It Made".
Side projects
Session work
Andrew Strong
Carl Papenfus appeared on drums with Andrew Strong at Rockpalast, Bonn in 1995
Players
After parting ways with EMI in 2005, Relish took a hiatus with individual members enjoying other musical projects, most notably the Papenfus brothers collaboration with Damon Minchella (Ocean Colour Scene), Steve White, (Paul Weller), Mick Talbot (Style Council) in "supergroup" The Players album "From the Six Corners" (2005) supported by a European tour including an appearance at the Glastonbury Festival.
Juno Falls (V2), Paul Brady, Lesley Roy (Jive), Hal, The Answer, Steafan Hanvey
Carl appeared as drummer on several projects including "Weightless" (2005) by Juno Falls (V2), "The Paul Brady Songbook" (2002) by Paul Brady, "Unbeautiful" by Lesley Roy (Jive) in 2008, "The Time The Hour" (2012) by Hal, "Nuclear Family" (2013) and "Honeymoon Junkies" (2006) by Steafán Hanvey and toured Europe with The Answer filling in for injured drummer James Heatley on a leg of their support tour with AC/DC documented on the accompanying DVD of their live album "412 Days of Rock 'n' Roll." (2011)
Paul Weller, Julian Joseph
Ken guested on guitar with Paul Weller live and on television and is featured on the live dvd "Studio 150 (2004)" by Paul Weller whilst also appearing on the asupervisorstioned Steafán Hanvey albums. Ken also took the lead role in Julian Joseph's jazz opera Tristan and Isolde that was premiered in London's Royal Opera House.
Sing Street (soundtrack)
During 2014/15, Ken and Carl Papenfus co-wrote and performed as guitarist and drummer respectively on the soundtrack of the John Carney movie Sing Street, which was later nominated for a Golden Globe on release in 2017 and to be performed as a stage version on Broadway
Sinead O'Connor
During 2014 and 2015, Ken and Carl Papenfus performed as guitarist and drummer respectively in Sinead O'Connor's band extensively touring Europe, the USA, Australia and South America and later in 2015 produced and performed their cover version of Blind Willie Johnson's classic "Trouble Soon Be Over" for the album "The Songs of Blind Willie Johnson" which received two Grammy nominations.
67 Management
The Papenfus brothers went on to form a music management company, 67 Management, managing Sinead O'Connor who they've represented since early 2019
Production
The Answer,
Marilyn Bane,
Sinead O'Connor,
Grainne Duffy
The Papenfus brothers first collaboration with The Answer was in producing their first effort Breakdown Honey (2002).
Ken and Carl Papenfus wrote and produced several songs for Marilyn Bane, runner-up in Ireland's talent show "You're a Star" (Irish X Factor) in 2007.
Ken and Carl Papenfus produced and solely performed on Sinead O'Connor's cover version of Blind Willie Johnson's classic "Trouble Soon Be Over" for the Grammy nominated album "The Songs of Blind Willie Johnson" also featuring Tom Waits, Blind Boys of Alabama et al.
As recently announced in their blog Ken and Carl just finished producing and performing on "Shine" by Grainne Duffy. Ken and Carl produced several more songs for Sinead O'Connor during 2020 including the Van Morrison cover "Who Was That Masked Man" for Hot Press magazine's celebration of their 75th birthday, and also "I'll Be Singing" for the soundtrack of the film "Wild Mountain Thyme" nominated for a Hollywood Music in Media Award
Zephyr Sounds / High Altitude Recordings
In 2013, the distribution end of the Zephyr Sounds label was opened to facilitate artists and labels globally through Ingrooves|Fontana.
Relish released their first single of 2015 "Got It Made" on the Zephyr Sounds imprint via Universal Records (Ireland) which also appears as a bonus track on the re-release, double package "Wildflowers | Karma Calling". The company changed its name to High Altitude Recordings in 2016.
Style
Because of their varying social and political backgrounds, the band members approach song topics considerately, fashioning socialistic messages in a non-too radical yet left-of-centre style. Relish is one of the first rock bands since Thin Lizzy to feature a vocalist who looks as cool as they sing.
Awards
Relish received "Best New Hope" at the Irish IRMA Awards in 2001
Discography
"Wildflowers" (2001)
"Karma Calling" (2003)
"Three Times" (Japan only) (2009)
"Connected" (2011)
"Wildflowers | Karma Calling" (2015)
References
External links
Official Site
Zephyr Sounds
Rock music duos
British musical trios
Musical groups from County Down
Rock music groups from Northern Ireland
Downpatrick
While the Patient Slept is a 1935 comedy murder mystery film directed by Ray Enright starring Aline MacMahon as a nurse/crime sleuth and Guy Kibbee as their boyfriend and police detective. It is based on the novel of the same name written by Mignon G. Eberhart.
Plot
A comedic murder mystery involving a nurse who is assigned to the at-home care of a man who recently had a stroke. While they are unconscious, on a dark and stormy night, a murder takes place in their bedroom. With family members and potential heirs confined to the house for several days, additional murders occur while the nurse and a police detective work on solving the case.
Cast
Aline MacMahon as Nurse Sarah Keate
Guy Kibbee as Detective Lt. Lance O'Leary
Lyle Talbot as Ross Lonergan
Patricia Ellis as March Federie
Allen Jenkins as Police Sgt. Jim Jackson
Robert Barrat as Adolphe Federie
Hobart Cavanaugh as Eustace Federie
Dorothy Tree as Mittie Federie
Henry O'Neill as Elihu Dimuck
Russell Hicks as Dr. Jay
Helen Flint as Isobel Federie
Brandon Hurst as Grondal
Eddie Shubert as Detective Muldoon
Walter Walker as Richard Federie
George Chandler as Evening Bulletin Reporter
Marketing
Warner Brothers marketed 12 mystery films as components of the "Clue Club", movies tied to Black Mask, a pulp magazine, aimed at increasing audiences attending WB mystery movies. There were twelve titles bearing the Warner Brothers "Clue Club" label released from 1935 to 1938.
Clue Club #1: The White Cockatoo (1935)
Clue Club #2: While the Patient Slept (1935)
Clue Club #3: The Florentine Dagger (1935)
Clue Club #4: The Case of the Curious Bride (1935)
Clue Club #5: The Case of the Lucky Legs (1935)
Clue Club #6: The Murder of Dr. Harrigan (1936)
Clue Club #7: Murder by an Aristocrat (1936)
Clue Club #8: The Case of the Velvet Claws (1936)
Clue Club #9: The Case of the Black Cat (1936)
Clue Club #10: The Case of the Stuttering Bishop (1937)
Clue Club #11: The Patient in Room 18 (1938)
Clue Club #12: Mystery House (1938)
Reception
The New York Times reviewer was unimpressed: "Mr. Kibbie and Miss MacMahon finally break the case ... but the solution is not altogether satisfactory. Neither, for that matter, is the picture. Come right down to it, it's quite unsatisfactory." Later critics also had reservations about the film, as being a lesser version of the prize-winning book: "Unfortunately, the film producers, modeling the Eberhart mystery film versions on others of the day, sought to extend humorous quips between characters and eliminate significant elements of the plot that involved clues, no doubt in hopes of attracting a broader audience."
References
External links
American comedy mystery films
American black-and-white films
Films based on American novels
Films directed by Ray Enright
1930s comedy mystery films
Warner Bros. films
1935 comedy films
1935 films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The chestnut-crowned sparrow-weaver (Plocepasser superciliosus) is a species of bird in the family Ploceidae.
It is found in Africa south of the Sahara, from Senegal and Gambia to Eritrea, Ethiopia and western Kenya.
References
External links
Species text in Weaver Watch.
Chestnut-crowned sparrow-weaver on the Internet Bird Collection
chestnut-crowned sparrow-weaver
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
chestnut-crowned sparrow-weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
chestnut-crowned sparrow-weaver
The politics of Venezuela occurs in a framework explained in Government of Venezuela.
Venezuela has a dominant-party system, dominated by the United Socialist Party of Venezuela amidst other parties listed in the following section. The governing United Socialist Party of Venezuela (Partido Socialista Unido de Venezuela, PSUV) was created in 2007, uniting a number of smaller parties supporting Hugo Chávez's Bolivarian Revolution with Chávez's Fifth Republic Movement. PSUV and its forerunners have held the Presidency and National Assembly since 1998. The Democratic Unity Roundtable (Mesa de la Unidad Democrática, MUD), created in 2008, unites much of the opposition (A New Era (UNT), Project Venezuela, Justice First, Movement for Socialism (Venezuela) and others). Hugo Chávez, the central figure of the Venezuelan political landscape since their election to the Presidency in 1998 as a political outsider, died in office in early 2013, and was succeeded by Nicolás Maduro (initially as interim President, before narrowly winning the 2013 Venezuelan presidential election). Venezuela has a presidential government. having the lowest score among countries in the Americas.
Parties and leaders
Governing party
United Socialist Party of Venezuela or PSUV – (Nicolás Maduro), partially recognized. Up to 60 countries, including the United States and the European Union have recognized Juan Guaidó (MUD) as the President of Venezuela. As of 2021, the European Union no longer recognizes Juan Guaidó as interim president of Venezuela.
Non-governing parties
A New Time or UNT – (Manuel Rosales)
Brave People's Alliance or ABP – (Richard Blanco)
Christian Democrats or COPEI – (Roberto ENRIQUEZ)
Coalition of opposition parties –The Democratic Unity Table or MUD – (Jose Luis Cartaya)
Communist Party of Venezuela or PCV – (Oscar Figuera)
Democratic Action or AD – (Henry Ramos Allup)
Fatherland for All or PPT – (Rafael Uzcategui)
For Social Democracy or PODEMOS – (Didalco Antonio Bolivar Groterol)
Justice First or PJ – (Julio Borges)
Movement Toward Socialism or MAS – (Segundo Melendaz)
Popular Will or VP – (Leopoldo Lopez)
Progressive Wave or AP – (Henri Falcon)
The Radical Cause or La Causa R – (Americo De Grazia)
Venezuelan Progressive Movement or MPV – (Simon Calzadilla)
Venezuela Project or PV – (Henrique Fernando Salas Feo)
History
Venezuelan politics was characterized by military rule for much of its post-independence history. From independence until 1956, Venezuela had 24 constitutions. These constitutions were frequently established by winners after successful revolts.
Romulo Gallegos's election as president in 1947 made them the first freely elected president in Venezuela's history. They were removed from power by military officers in the 1948 Venezuelan coup.
1958–1999
Background to the current political landscapes is the development of democracy in Venezuela during the twentieth century, in which Democratic Action (ADx or Acción Democrática in Spanish, founded in 1941) and its predecessors played an important role in the early years. Democratic Action led the government during Venezuela's first democratic period (1945–1948). After an intervening decade of dictatorship (1948–1958) and the fall of dictator Marcos Pérez Jiménez saw ADx excluded from power, four Venezuelan presidents came from Democratic Action from the 1960s to the 1990s. This period, known as the "Fourth Republic", is marked by the development of the 1958 Punto Fijo Pact between the major parties (originally including the Democratic Republican Union, which later dwindled in significance).
By the end of the 1990s, however, the now two-party system's credibility was almost nonexistent. This was mostly because of the corruption and poverty that Venezuelans experienced as oil wealth poured in during the 1970s and the debt crisis developed during the 1980s. Democratic Action's last president (Carlos Andrés Pérez) was impeached for corruption in 1993 and spent several years in prison as a result. The other main traditional party Copei, provided two Venezuelan presidents (Rafael Caldera, 1969–1974, and Luis Herrera Campins, 1979–1983). Confidence in the traditional parties collapsed enough that Rafael Caldera won the 1993 presidential election with about 30% of the vote, representing a new electoral coalition National Convergence. By 1998, support for Democratic Action and COPEI had fallen still further, and Hugo Chávez, a political outsider, won the 1998 election.
1999–2013
Chávez launched what they called the "Bolivarian Revolution" and fulfilled an election promise by calling a Constituent Assembly in 1999, which drafted the new Constitution of Venezuela. Chávez was granted executive power by the National Assembly to rule by decree multiple times throughout their tenure, passing hundreds of laws. Chávez ruled Venezuela by decree in 2000, 2001, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011 and 2012.
The United Socialist Party of Venezuela (Partido Socialista Unido de Venezuela, PSUV) was created in 2007, uniting a number of smaller parties supporting Hugo Chávez's Bolivarian Revolution with Chávez's Fifth Republic Movement. The Democratic Unity Roundtable (Mesa de la Unidad Democrática, MUD), created in 2008, united much of the opposition (A New Era (UNT), Project Venezuela, Justice First, Movement for Socialism (Venezuela) and others). In 2008, the government expelled the US-based Human Rights Watch, which was criticizing the government's Human rights record. Hugo Chávez, the central figure of the Venezuelan political landscape since their election to the presidency in 1998 as a political outsider, died in office in early 2013 after a long struggle with cancer. Nearing their death, Chávez expressed their intention that their vice president would succeed him. Chavez was succeeded by Nicolás Maduro, their vice president, initially as interim President, before they narrowly won the 2013 Venezuelan presidential election.
2013–Present
Nicolás Maduro has been president of Venezuela from 2013 to the present. Their rule has been marked by a continuation of Bolivarian socialist populist policies (at least until 2020), but also by a severe economic crisis -- hyperinflation (53,798,500% between 2016 and April 2019), escalating hunger, disease, crime and mortality rates, and mass emigration (almost 5 million from the country as of 2019). Extrajudicial killings of opposition by government forces are reported (by the United Nations) to include 6800 deaths as of 2019.
The crisis has been variously blamed on low oil prices in early 2015; on an "economic war" on Venezuelan socialism waged by international sanctions, and the country's business elite; and on "years of economic mismanagement, and corruption", including a lack of maintenance and investment in oil production.
2013
On 14 April 2013 elections were held between Nicolás Maduro and Henrique Capriles Radonski, opposition leader and co founder of the political party, Primero Justicia. The Venezuelan election agency announced that Maduro won with 50.8 percent of the vote, the smallest presidential win margin since the 1968 election. Opposition forces said that Henrique Capriles Radonski actually won by close to 300,000 votes and proposed evidence of voter fraud. Capriles demanded a recount that in June reaffirmed Maduro as the victor. These results sparked subsequent demonstrations and protests by those who said the recount process was also illegitimate. Maduro and their government responded with suppression of the opposition that resulted in hundreds of arrests, that Maduro claimed to be in defense of a coup they were facing.
Maduro attempted to continue the Chavismo policies. Like Chávez, Nicolás Maduro has ruled by decree multiple times since they were elected in April 2013. President Maduro has ruled Venezuela by decree for the majority of the period from 19 November 2013 through 2017. Maduro has not achieved the same level of popularity that Chávez had during their presidency, demonstrated by the narrow early presidential election win. Many attribute Maduro's failure to continue the same populism model successfully to their lack of charisma that Chávez capitalized on. Chávez's opposition reported to still have large love and respect for Chávez during their presidency, Eric Olsen, deputy director of the Latin American Program at the Wilson Center reports. Olsen notes that this was not the same case with Maduro, who clearly lacks the same amount of captivating characteristics.
2015
2015 was a strong year for the MUD opposition, taking two-thirds of the congressional sets, a super majority. This was the first time in 16 years that PSUV did not have the majority in congress and this was not due to low voter turnout, as it was at 74.3%. Henrique Capriles a former MUD presidential candidate and the opposition coalition leader, Jesus Torrealba marked this as a change in the nation's history encouraging celebration with Torrealba stating, "Venezuela wanted a change and that change came. A new majority expressed itself and sent a clear and resounding message." Maduro stated in their televised response, "We have come with our morality and our ethics to recognize these adverse results, to accept them and to tell our Venezuela, The Constitution and democracy have triumphed", and later said "In Venezuela the opposition has not won ... For now, a counterrevolution that is at our doorstep has won".
2017
The strong performance by the opposition led to the reduction of the legislative powers due to the judiciary's increased scope and politicization. The Supreme Tribunal of Justice (TSJ), controlled by the PSUV, invalidated three deputies' elections from the opposition. When this ruling was not accepted by the Assembly, its powers were stripped. By 2017, the old legislative body was dismissed and transformed into the New Constituent National Assembly. This was similar to the Constituent Assembly in 1999, having power to change the constitution and dismantle pre-existing officials and/or the bodies themselves. The members of the Constituent Assembly were chosen in July 2017, during elections that were largely boycotted by the opposition, with accusations of illegitimacy.
2020
In 2020, news reports described a loosening of many socialist/redistributive economic policies—price and currency controls, stringent labor laws—by the Maduro government, along with an rapprochement with members of the capitalist community—especially Lorenzo Mendoza of the Empresas Polar conglomerate who is no longer denounced as a "thief," a "parasite" and a "traitor". Changes such as the return of agricultural land and "dozens of companies" to private management have allowed the government to survive economic sanctions (though economic production and employment is still greatly reduced), and have proceeded in exchange for an abandonment of political opposition by Mendoza. Another result of the economic liberalization is that erstwhile socialist allies of Maduro's government who began to protest corruption and the "extravagant lives flaunted by the government's cronies in supermarkets stocked with expensive imports and luxury car showrooms", have become victims to the same security apparatus that have attacked Maduro's opponents on the right—they have been denounced as traitors, arrested (leaders of the Communist and Tupamaro parties), beaten and sometimes assassinated (the fate of radio host José Carmelo Bislick).
Miscellaneous
Venezuela abolished the death penalty in 1863, making it the country where this practice has been outlawed the longest.
There is a history of tension between church and state in the country. The Catholic Church has accused Chavez of concentrating power in their own hands. In 2009, in the Catholic Church's Easter address to the nation, the bishops said the country's democracy was in "serious danger of collapse."
Elections
Venezuela elects at a national level the President of Venezuela as head of state and head of government and a unicameral federal legislature. The President of Venezuela is elected for a six-year term by direct election plurality voting and is eligible for re-election since the 2009 Venezuelan constitutional referendum) The National Assembly (Asamblea Nacional) has 165 members (diputados), elected for five-year terms. Elections also take place at state level and local level.
Latest elections
Most recent elections:
municipal: 2017 Venezuelan municipal elections
parliamentary: 2015 Venezuelan parliamentary election
regional: 2017 Venezuelan regional elections
presidential: 2013 Venezuelan presidential election
constituent assembly: 2017 Venezuelan Constituent Assembly election
See also
Chavismo
Human rights in Venezuela
Public Ministry of Venezuela
References
External links
National Assembly of Venezuela
Presidency of Venezuela
Supreme Court of Justice of Venezuela
Bhabra or Bhabhra is an ethno-linguistic and religious group who are from Punjab region which follow Jainism.
History and Origin
The Bhabra community has had a close historical association with Jainism. It is believed to be connected with the Bhavadar or Bhavada Gachchha to which the legendary Jain Acharya Kalakacharya belonged to. They may have originated from the Bhabra town (32° 13' 30": 73° 13'). Inscriptions suggest that Bhavada Gachchha had survived until the 17th century.
Jainism has been present in Punjab since ancient times. This is where Alexander the Great encountered Gymnosophists and Xuanzang met both Digambara and Swetambara monks.
According to Shatrunjaya Mahatmya of Dhaneshwar Suri, Javad Shah of Taxila had restored Shatrunjaya Tirth and brought an idol of Lord Adinath from Taxila and installed it at Shatrunjaya.
Vaar 8 Pauri 12 of 24 of Vaaran Bhai Gurdas (1550-1620 CE) says: "kaytarhiaan hee baaneeay kitarhay bhaabharhiaan suniaaray", there are many traders and many Bhabras are goldsmiths.
In "Romantic Tales from the Punjab" Charles Swynnerton relates a folk tale about several girls. It mentions a girl being a Bhabra, and mentions them being strictly vegetarian. In the 17th century, Fray Sebastien Manrique met them in Amritsar district. Their presence has been noted in the Mughal period, and in the 19th century.
The original home region of the Bhabras is now in Pakistan. While all the Bhabras left Pakistani Punjab in 1947, for India. Many cities still have sections named after Bhabras.
Sialkot: All the Jains here were Bhabra and mainly lived in Sialkot and Pasrur. The Serai Bhabrian and Bhabrian Wala localities are named after them. There were several Jain temples here before partition of India.
Pasrur: Pasrur was developed by a Jain zamindar who was granted land by Raja Maan Singh. Baba Dharam Dass belonged to the zamindar family who was murdered on a trading visit.
Gujranwala: Two old Jain libraries managed by Lala Karam Chand Bhabra were present here which were visited by Ramkrishna Gopal Bhandarkar
Lahore: There were Jain temples at localities still called Thari Bhabrian and Gali Bhabrian.
Rawalpindi: Bhabra Bazar is named after them.
In India they have been present at:
Amritsar: Kucha Bhabrian, Katra Bhabrian
Hansi: Mohalla bhabran
After 1947 Partition, most of displaced bhabra families were resettled in Ludhiana, Punjab and Ambala, Haryana.
In Delhi, the majority of Jains in Rup Nagar locality also have their origin in west Punjab.
References
Punjabi tribes
Jain communities
Social groups of Punjab, India
Jainism in Pakistan
Brithopus is an extinct genus of dinocephalian therapsids. It contains a single species, Brithopus priscus, known from fragmentary remains found in the Copper
Sandstones near Isheevo, Russia.
Description
Brithopus was fairly large, reaching a length of 2.5–3 m (8–10 ft). The skull was similar to Titanophoneus, but more massive and heavily built.
Classification
B. priscus was first named in 1838 and was traditionally classified in the Anteosauria, a group of carnivorous dinocephalians. Brithopus served as the basis for the family Brithopodidae, which once included many anteosaurian species. Because it is based on fragmentary material, Brithopus is regarded as a nomen dubium by some researchers. Brithopus was later considered a possible estemmenosuchid, a type of herbivorous tapinocephalian therapsid.
Dinosaurus and Eurosaurus have both been considered synonyms of Brithopus.
See also
List of therapsids
References
External links
Message to the Dinosaur Mailing List briefly detailing the history of the name
Tapinocephalians
Prehistoric therapsid genera
Monotypic prehistoric animal genera
Fossils of Russia
Fossil taxa described in 1838
While Passing Along This Way is an album of American musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake, released in 1994. It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album.
Track listing
"He's Passing This Way" (Wade Mainer) – 3:12
"I'm Going to Leave Old Dixie" – 4:09
"Bonaparte Crossing the Rhine/Going Down the Valley" (Traditional) – 4:42
"The Grave of Bonaparte" (Blake, Traditional) – 4:36
"On & On & On" (Blake, Blake) – 3:06
"The Greenwood Tree" (Traditional) – 1:52
"Sweeet Freedom" (Traditional) – 3:45
"Sweet Heaven" (Traditional) – 2:26
"God's Radio Phone" (Mainer) – 4:36
"Old Mother Flanagan" (Blake, Traditional) – 3:03
"Last Train from Poor Valley" (Blake, Blake) – 3:44
"Hangin' Dog" (Blake) – 2:47
"The Fate of Talmage" (Traditional) – 3:36
"Old Stepstone" (Blake, Traditional) – 3:53
Personnel
Norman Blake – guitar, mandolin, vocals
Nancy Blake – guitar, mandolin, vocals
References
1994 albums
Norman Blake (American musician) albums
Stijn Spierings (born 12 March 1996) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for club Toulouse.
Club career
Born in Alkmaar, Spierings began their youth career and professional career with their local team AZ. Having broken into the first team they played on just two occasions in their first season, against PSV and Excelsior. They were then loaned to Sparta Rotterdam and played a role in their successful campaign to get promoted from the Eerste Divisie. At the end of that season Spierings signed a permanent deal with the club and has played in the youth team.
On 7 January 2019, they signed a one-and-a-half-year contract with RKC Waalwijk.
One year later, on 13 January 2020, Spierings moved abroad, signing a three-year deal with Bulgarian First League side Levski Sofia.
On 5 October 2020, Spierings signed a three-year contract with Ligue 2 club Toulouse. They thereby became the third Dutch player to wear the club's colours, after Rob Rensenbrink and Branco van den Boomen. Spierings was in head coach Patrice Garande's starting lineup in their first match on 17 October against Ajaccio, in which they scored the later winner on a penalty-kick, securing the 1–0 victory. They scored five goals in their first eight games.
International career
Stijn Spierings has also turned out appearances with the Dutch national team at youth level as well. They have played for the U17s and the U19 squad.
Career statistics
Honours
Sparta Rotterdam
Eerste Divisie: 2015–16
Toulouse
Ligue 2: 2021–22
References
External links
Living people
1996 births
Sportspeople from Alkmaar
Dutch footballers
Footballers from North Holland
Association football midfielders
Netherlands youth international footballers
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Ligue 2 players
AZ Alkmaar players
Sparta Rotterdam players
RKC Waalwijk players
PFC Levski Sofia players
Toulouse FC players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
Charles Lafortune (born July 25, 1969) is a Canadian actor and radio and television host.
Lafortune was born in Montreal, Quebec, and raised in Saint-Bruno-de-Montarville. They graduated from Conservatoire d'art dramatique de Montréal in 1993. They appeared in a number of Canadian television films and series in Quebec including Watatatow in 1990 with other notable series including Diva, Zone de Turbulence, Catherine, Rivière-des-Jérémie and Les Poupées russes.
They have played roles on stage in a number of theatrical productions that made them a vidange on Théâtre du Rideau Vert, le Théâtre Jean Duceppe, La Licorne and Théâtre St-Denis.
They also hosted a number of important Quebec television shows including Chasse à l'homme. But they were hugely famous for L'école des fans for five seasons from 2003 to 2008, in a format similar to one presented on French television by Jacques Martin, where young children interpret songs in presence of the original artist. In 2003, they also hosted the multiple awards winning TV game show Le Cercle on TVA, for six consecutive seasons from 2005 to 2011 and La classe de 5e, Quebec version of the TV game show Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?. Between 2005 and 2007, they hosted the charitable Téléthon Opération Enfants Soleil.
They were presenter of until June 2011 self-titled radio programme Lafortune vous sourit in 2011, closely followed by Les poids lourds de retour CKOI-FM radio station as a co-host with Patrick Marsolais and Mario Tremblay.
In 2013, they became host of inaugural season of La Voix, the French Canadian version of The Voice. They were renewed for hosting a second season of the show in January 2014.
In 2012, they co-founded the production house C Majuscule Média in partnership with Jacquelin Bouchard of Pixcom. The company launched the web series Marc Gendron et ses amis starring Phil Roy.<ref>[http://www.journaldemontreal.com/2014/03/02/lafortune-lance-une-web-serie Le Journal de Montréal: Lafortune lance une web série] </ref>
Radio and television
TV series
1993: Les grands procès (the episode "Fred Rose" as a police veteran)
1995: Les grands procès (the episode "L'affaire Côté" as the student Légaré)
1996: Bouledogue Bazar (the episode "Rébecca Johnson contre Jimmy Smash" as Jummy Smash)
1996: L'amour avec un grand A (the episode L'étrangleuse as Richard)
1998: Watatatow (the episode "Papa a raison #565" as Guy Lebeau)
1998-2001: Zone de Turbulence as Charles
1999: Diva (the episode "L'espoir au compte-gouttes" as Francis Kennedy)
1999: Catherine as Pierre Beaudet
2001: Rivière-des-Jérémie as Christophe Lange
2002: Les Poupées russes as Sylvain Dorais
2003: Les aventures tumultueuses de Jack Carter (the episode "Bons Baisers de Baldaquie: Part 2" as Pierre)
2006: Lance et compte: La revanche as Hugo Trottier
TV Programmes
2000: Tôt ou tard2000-2001: Jet 72002: Chasse à l'homme2003-2008: L'école des fans2005-2011: Le Cercle (TV game show)
2008: La classe de 5e (TV game show)
2013: La VoixRadio
2011: Lafortune vous sourit2011-2012: Les poids lourds du retourAwards and nominations
Awards won
2006: Artis the best presenter of a game show (for Le Cercle)
2007: Artis the best presenter of a game show (for Le Cercle)
2007: Artis masculine personality of the year
2008: Artis the best presenter of a game show (for Le Cercle)
2008: Artis masculine personality of the year
2011: Artis the best presenter of a game show (for Le Cercle, La classe de 5e)
2011: Artis masculine personality of the year
Nominations
2001: Gémeaux for best presenter for youth for Zone de turbulence2001: Gémeaux for best presenter for youth for Watatatow2005: Gémeaux for best presenter of a variety show for L'école des fans
2006: Gémeaux for best presenter of a variety show for L'école des fans
2006: Artis for best host of cultural variety, entertainment magazines and talk shows for L'école des fans
2007: Artis for best male role in a Quebec television series for Les poupées russes''
Personal life
Lafortune is married to the comedian Sophie Prégent and father of a son Mathis born in December and who has developmental problems and autism. Lafortune and Prégent are spokespersons for "Pas de géants", a school specialising in education of autistic children.
References
External links
Facebook
1969 births
French Quebecers
Living people
Male actors from Montreal
Canadian television hosts
Canadian game show hosts
Canadian television talk show hosts
Bernard Joseph Wallace (21 June 1919 − 8 November 1990) was an Australian Roman Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood on 26 July 1942, Wallace was commonly known as 'Bernie' and spent some 30 years as a teacher at Banyo Seminary in Brisbane, Queensland. During their time as a seminary teacher, Wallace was often critical of the church hierarchy. Wallace was named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Rockhampton, Australia in 1974 and resigned in 1990, shortly before their death. As both a seminary teacher and bishop, Wallace was active in the local and international ecumenical movement, and was in 2010 named by the Australian Catholic Bishops Conference as one of the pioneers of ecumenism in Australia.
References
1919 births
1990 deaths
People from Melbourne
Roman Catholic bishops of Rockhampton
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Australia
Practicing without a license is the act of working without the licensure offered for that occupation, in a particular jurisdiction. Most activities that require licensure also have penalties for practicing without a valid, current license. In some jurisdictions, a license is offered but not required for some professions.
Types
Professions where practicing without a license carry civil or criminal penalties include lawyer, physician, physician assistant, optometrist, audiologist speech language pathologist, podiatrist, surgeon, coroner, medical examiner, paramedic, funeral director, osteopath, chiropractor, dentist, pharmacist, engineer, pilot, broadcasting, nurse, veterinarian, midwife, teacher, psychologist, notary public, surveyor, detective, social worker, architect, barber, hairdresser, electrologist, tattooist, cosmetologist, real estate agent, plumber, florist, accountant, and masseuse. If a person offering their services is licensed in one of these professions, any member of the public has a right to know if that person is validly licensed or not by the licensing authority. Anyone who claims to have a license and refuses to identify themselves properly by first and last name can possibly lose any one or all of their licenses. In many jurisdictions, it is illegal for service providers to hide their identities for purposes of making it difficult to verify licensure and past disciplinary actions or license violations.
License requirements vary widely with jurisdiction, sometimes even within a single country. Practicing a professional discipline without a license may be legal in some jurisdictions. For example, nine U.S. states have passed health freedom laws that protect alternative practitioners such as herbalists from prosecution for "practicing medicine without a license." In the area of mental health, Oregon offers broad licensing exemptions for professional counselors and marriage and family therapists, allowing people to practice these professions either with or without a license. Colorado requires registration but not licensing for psychotherapists. Other states also have exemptions or registration requirements instead of, or in addition to licensing for some professions.
Other unlicensed activity
Other occupations, such as operating a business or working as a professional driver or mariner, may require specialized licensure, as well. Operating a business without proper licenses can result in financial and sometimes criminal penalties. These licenses can include a general business license, a liquor license, a specialized drivers license, and other types regulated by local, regional, state, or federal requirements. Certain occupations may require obtaining appropriate intellectual property licenses, such as music licensing, brand licensing, patent licensing, software licensing, and other permissions for use.
Nonprofessional activities may also require licenses for participation. These include driver's license, amateur radio license, dog license, firearms license, hunting license, marriage license, and pilot license. Using certain products or services may also require obtaining a license, such as a software license. Operating without these licenses can lead to civil and criminal penalties.
Penalties vary depending on the severity of the infraction, but practicing without a valid, current license may be punishable by one or more methods, including community service, fine, restitution, probation, and temporary or permanent loss of the license. Criminal charges can lead to incarceration, as they can range from a misdemeanor to a felony, depending on the severity of the infraction.
Noted incidents
On July 6, 1885, Louis Pasteur, a chemist who was a pioneer in microbiology, treated Joseph Meister after the boy was mauled by a dog infected with rabies with a vaccination treatment that had thus far only been tested on animals. This was technically illegal, considering Pasteur was not a licensed physician, but their colleagues agreed that since Pasteur's treatment seemed the only viable option to save the boy from almost certain death, it had been a necessary bending of the law, and since the treatment was a complete success, Pasteur was feted as a hero, and charges were never filed.
Another more modern example is the case of Frank Abagnale, who was accused of impersonating an airline pilot, lawyer, and teaching assistant.
The "yogurt defense" was made famous by the trial of Carol Downer, one of the developers of menstrual extraction. They were arrested at their self-help group and charged with practicing medicine without a license, as they inserted yogurt into the vagina of another woman to treat a yeast condition. Downer was acquitted; the jury did not equate inserting yogurt with practicing medicine.
A contemporary example is a San Francisco Bay Area resident, Kim Thien Le, who had a valid pharmacy technician license that had expired, and who had practiced as a pharmacist—supervising pharmacist and pharmacy technician interns, giving vaccinations, and filling prescriptions and counseling patients on medication—at at least three Walgreens pharmacies (in Fremont, Milpitas, and San Jose) between 2006 and October 2017, when they were caught. An investigation by the California Attorney General and the California State Board Of Pharmacy is ongoing. If Le avoids criminal prosecution or civil lawsuits, the stores could still face penalties such as formal reprimands, fines, or loss of their pharmacy business license, and they would likely not be able to practice again as a pharmacy technician. They filled at least 745,000 prescriptions, some for dangerous or complex legal drugs or for people with serious conditions, over this period. They used licenses of two separate individuals, at least one of whom had a similar name to hers, to avoid detection by the company or the board.
In fiction
Anime and manga
Black Jack is a Japanese comic book series created by Tezuka Osamu that is about the world's greatest surgeon, who chooses to remain unlicensed. This allows Black Jack to charge extortionate amounts of money instead of the standard fees agreed upon by the Japanese Medical Association. It also lets them perform extremely dangerous, often medically implausible or impossible operations, that are not legally allowed. Black Jack is often viewed as the Japanese equivalent to Batman, in their willingness to routinely break laws to save lives for which they are frequently imprisoned by the police. Notably, Black Jack actually completed their college medical education and carries a driver's license, though they encourage other unlicensed doctors who have no such formal training. Like many of Osamu's works, Black Jack is extraordinarily critical of the medical establishment, and is notable for raising Japanese public awareness of medical corruption.
In episode 34 of Monster, Kenzo Tenma meets a young Vietnamese girl who works as an unlicensed doctor where they treat Asian immigrants.
In Durarara!!, the character Shinra Kishatani works as an unlicensed doctor.
In Kill la Kill, the character Barazo Mankanshoku operates a back-alley clinic in Honno City.
Comics
The majority of superheroes in comic books investigate crimes without detectives' licenses.
In DC Comics, The Question, Dick Grayson, Detective Chimp John Constantine and John Jones/Martian Manhunter is all licensed detectives or police officers, while Wally West, the third Flash, is a professional crime-scene investigator. Jonah Hex is a bounty hunter operating under the loose legal framework of the wild west. The Green Lantern Corps patrols the D.C. universe and enforces the ancient intergalactic laws of the guardians of Oa. Batman is one of only three members of the Justice League with any medical training, but is the only one who lacks an official doctorate and license to practice medicine. Nevertheless, they occasionally perform surgery on their teammates.  They are also the son of the doctor Thomas Wayne. The Crime Doctor is a known underworld doctor.
In Marvel Comics, Frank Castle used to be a police officer, but after their wife and child were shot to death, they left the force forever and became the mass-murdering vigilante The Punisher. The former neurosurgeon Stephen Strange, in desperate search of a cure for their crippled hands, wasted all of their money on alternative medicine, which did not heal him. Homeless, Doctor Strange performed back-alley surgeries for cash, barely able to hold the instruments.
Books
Victor Frankenstein, though often incorrectly referred to as a doctor, is only a medical student, and as such, operated on their monster without a license. Prior to the monster's vivification, Frankenstein and their assistant Igor were also acting as unlicensed morticians.
TV and films
The movie Catch Me If You Can detail about Frank Abagnale.
The movie Patch Adams, among other historical inaccuracies, showed the title character practicing medicine without a license, and getting their equipment by stealing from a hospital.
In The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy episode "The Secret Snake Club vs. P.E.," it is revealed that Billy's father Harold works as a back-alley doctor.
The USA Network drama Suits''' protagonist, Michael "Mike" Ross, gets a high-flying job at the fictitious Pearson Hardman law firm without having the necessary license to practice law.
In Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Calvin Zabo works as a back-alley doctor.
The film Hotel Artemis features the titular hotel as a secret hospital for criminals.
In Batwoman, Kate Kane's stepsister Mary Hamilton-Kane runs their own back-alley clinic to tend to the poor and homeless.
In Kamen Rider Ex-Aid'', Taiga Hanaya is an unlicensed doctor who runs their own clinic after their license is stripped from him.
See also
Unauthorized practice of law
License
Permit (disambiguation)
Occupational licensing
Lay preacher
References
Business law
Crimes
Vartkes Serengülian (; also known as Hovhannes or Gisak) (1871, Erzurum – 1915, Urfa), was an Ottoman Armenian political and social activist, and a member of Ottoman Parliament.
Biography
They studied in the Ardzinian and Sanasarian colleges of Karin (Erzurum). In late 1880s they organized demonstrations in Karin and was arrested. After they were released in 1892 they worked in Constantinople, then in Bulgaria and the Russian Empire as a revolutionary activist. In Van, Serengyulian supported the ideas of Hrayr Dzhoghk, and cooperated with the Armenakan Party. They were arrested in Van and in 1901 was sentenced to a 101-year prison sentence. The Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF) reportedly attempted to organize a prison break for them in the beginning of 1908. In the same year, after the Young Turk Revolution they were released from prison and elected as a member of the Ottoman parliament representing the ARF. As an MP they advocated the creation of trade unions within the Ottoman Empire and, spoke out against the atrocities perpetrated against the Armenian population in Adana. They had also several disputes with an other deputy known for their feeling hostile to the Armenians, Aziz Feyzi Pirinççizade. On the 2 June 1915 they were arrested together with the other Armenian deputy in Constantiople, Krikor Zohrab. They were deported to Urfa, where they were killed by Çerkez Ahmed.
References
1871 births
1915 deaths
People from Erzurum
Armenian politicians
People who died in the Armenian genocide
Armenians of the Ottoman Empire
Political people of the Ottoman Empire
Parides alopius, the white-dotted cattleheart, is an endemic Mexican butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It has also strayed once into the United States in southeastern Arizona.
Description
The upperside of the wings is black with the hindwing having two rows of submarginal spots: the first row, white; and the second row, pink. Males have fewer white spots than females. The underside of the wings are similar except the hindwing pink spots are more conspicuous. It has a wingspan of .A full description is provided by Rothschild, W. and Jordan, K. (1906)
Flight
This species has been seen on the wing from March to November.
Habitat
The white-dotted cattleheart may be encountered in pine-oak forests.
Life cycle
The larva is ringed with black and white bands and has yellow and reddish-brown fleshy projections. Each side of the body contains red, orange and white spots. The chrysalis is shaped very similar to that of the pipevine swallowtail (Battus philenor). It is blue green with the head, parts of the thorax, and abdomen a bright yellow green. It is unknown whether the chrysalis has a brown form or not.
Host plants
The only recorded host plant for the white-dotted cattleheart is Watson's pipevine (Aristolochia watsonii).
Status
It is uncommon and known from very few localities, but is not known to be threatened.
Etymology
The specific name comes from the classical tradition. Alopius was the son of Antiope the daughter of Thespius.
References
External links
Parides alopius, Butterflies of America
alopius
Butterflies of North America
Endemic Lepidoptera of Mexico
Taxa named by Frederick DuCane Godman
Taxa named by Osbert Salvin
Butterflies described in 1890
Fauna of the Sierra Madre Occidental
Fauna of the Sierra Madre del Sur
Breitbrunn is a municipality in the district of Haßberge in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Haßberge (district)
Sundar Das is an Indian film director in Malayalam movies. They directed more than 10 Malayalam movies. Their popular movies are Sallapam, Kuberan and Sammanam. Malayalam actor Manju Warrier debuted with their movie Sallapam, which was also their debut film. They took a break after Akasham in 2007 and made a comeback in 2013 with the movie Rebecca Uthup Kizhakkemala.
Filmography
References
External links
Malayalam film directors
Artists from Kozhikode
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Film directors from Kerala
20th-century Indian film directors
21st-century Indian film directors
Killisick is an area of the market town of Arnold in the ceremonial county of Nottinghamshire in the East Midlands of England. It also used to be a local government ward area of Gedling borough until 2015. The population of the ward as it stood at the 2011 census was 2,595. The area is currently contained within the newly created Coppice ward.
The area is mostly residential, and contains a few shops and a John Lewis & Partners depot. It borders with Mapperley, Arnold town centre and Woodthorpe. As a ward, Killisick shared borders with the wards known as: Mapperley Plains; Lambley; Woodborough; St. Mary's; Calverton; and Kingswell.
Education
The area contains three primary schools: Killisick Junior School; Pinewood Infant School and Foundation Unit; and Robert Mellors Primary School.
There are no secondary schools in Killisick, but Arnold Hill Academy, Christ the King Catholic Voluntary Academy and Redhill Academy are nearby.
Recreation
Killisick Recreation Ground lies outside Killisick, alongside the area's eastern boundary. The ground contains a playground, an outdoor gym, two grass football pitches and a smaller, fenced tarmac pitch. A funfair is held on the ground every year.
Killisick Community Centre is on Killisick Road.
Bus services
Bus services in Killisick include Nottingham City Transport's Lime Line 56, 56B, 57, 58, N58 and 59.
56: Nottingham – Mansfield Road – Plains Estate – Arnold
The 56 covers Ramsey Drive, Coppice Road and Gedling Road.
56B: Somersby Road, Arnold – Plains Estate – Front Street, Arnold
The 56B covers Ramsey Drive, Coppice Road and Gedling Road.
57 covers: Ramsey Drive, Gedling Road, and Darlton Drive.
58: Nottingham – Mansfield Road – Arnold – Killsick
The 58 covers Killisick Road, Homefield, and Surgeys Lane.
N58: Nottingham – Mansfield Road – Arnold – Killisick – Plains Estate
The N58 covers Ramsey Drive, Coppice Road and Gedling Road.
59: Nottingham – Mansfield Road – Arnold – Killsick
The 59 covers Howbeck Road, Rolleston Drive, and Sandfield Road.
References
Populated places in Nottinghamshire
Gedling
The White Sheik, also known as King's Mate, is a 1928 British silent adventure film directed by Harley Knoles and starring Lillian Hall-Davis, Jameson Thomas and Warwick Ward. It was based on the novel King's Mate by Rosita Forbes.
Synopsis
While spending the winter in the Moroccan city of Fez young Englishwoman Rosemary encounters a vile man Martengo who tries to force their attentions on them Escaping to the desert they become lost and is rescued by a mysterious Englishman known as the White Sheik.
Cast
Lillian Hall-Davis as Rosemary Tregarthen
Jameson Thomas as Westwyn
Warwick Ward as Martengo
Clifford McLaglen as Manheebe
Gibb McLaughlin as Jock
Forrester Harvey as Pat
Julie Suedo as Zarita
Release
For its December 1929 New York City premiere at the Little Carnegie Playhouse it was accompanied by the Hal Roach Studios comedy Feed 'em and Weep and the Universum Film AG documentary short Strange Prayers.
Reception
The New York Times reviewer Mordaunt Hall called the film "amateurish" and "boring", with characters they thought "as silly a lot as have ever darted to and fro on the screen."
References
External links
1928 films
1928 adventure films
British adventure films
Films shot at British International Pictures Studios
1920s English-language films
Films directed by Harley Knoles
British silent feature films
British black-and-white films
Films set in Morocco
Films based on British novels
Silent adventure films
1920s British films
Parfums Christian Dior is the perfumery and cosmetics (makeup and skincare) line of the French fashion house, Christian Dior SE. However, the line belongs to the perfumes and cosmetics portfolio of the world's largest luxury group, the LVMH Group. Nevertheless, both Christian Dior SE and LVMH are headed by chairperson Bernard Arnault, and Christian Dior SE is the major shareholder of LVMH.
History
Begun in 1947 with the introduction of the women's Miss Dior perfume, Parfums Christian Dior has since come to include men's fragrances and a variety of cosmetics sold at Dior retail stores and fine cosmetics counters worldwide.
It was headquartered at 33 Avenue Hoche in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, France.Recently the headquarters moved to Neuilly sur Seine in a modern new building called Kosmos.
Makeup
Makeup offerings fall into the following categories:
Face: Foundations, concealers, powders, blush, and sun makeup
Eyes: Mascara, eyeshadow, liners, eyebrows
Lips: Lipstick, gloss, lipliners, lip balm
Nails: Nail lacquers and manicure
Accessories: Brushes
Products include:
Dior Addict (lip makeup)
DiorSkin (face makeup)
Dior Rouge (lip makeup)
Backstage Makeup (theatrically inspired makeup, mainly eye makeup)
Diorshow (mascara)
Dior makeup is used to prepare models backstage for Dior fashion shows.
Skincare
Skincare offerings fall into the following categories:
Face skincare: Hydration and protection; premium anti-aging skincare; global anti-aging skincare; wrinkle correction; firmness correction; cleansers, toners, and masks
Body care: Hydration and refining
Eye care: Specialist eye treatment
Suncare: Self-tanners, sun protection, after-sun
Men skincare: Shaving, relaxing; repairing, nourishing
Products include:
Dior Homme (men's skincare)
Dior Bronze (suncare)
Hydra Life (hydration)
Diorsnow (whitening skincare)
Capture XP (anti-wrinkle skincare, wrinkle correction, discontinued)
Capture Youth
Capture V (sold in Asia)
Capture Totale (global anti-aging)
One Essential (detoxification)
Dior Prestige (extraordinary, regeneration, perfection & anti-aging skincare)
Dior Prestige White (extraordinary, regeneration, perfection, whitening & anti-aging skincare)
L'or de Vie (skincare masterpiece, anti-aging)
References
External links
Parfums Christian Dior profile on LVMH.com
Dior
Christian Dior, Parfums
Christian Dior, Parfums
LVMH brands
Mahmoud Samir Fayed (born December 29, 1986) is a computer programmer, known as the creator of the PWCT programming language. PWCT is a free open source visual programming language for software development. They also created or designed Ring.  They are a researcher at King Saud University. Prior to that, they worked at the Riyadh Techno Valley in the Information and Communication Technology Incubator.
Background
Fayed started to learn computer programming at 10 years old under the supervision of their father who works as a computer programmer. They started using the Clipper programming language under MS-DOS. In 2006 they wrote free Arabic programming books. They studied computer science at the Faculty of Electronic Engineering, Menoufia University, Egypt, graduating in 2008.
Fayed received a Master's degree in 2017, from the College of Computer and Information Sciences, King Saud University, Saudi Arabia.
Career
PWCT language
In 2005 Fayed began work on a new visual programming language called PWCT and distributed it as a free-open source project in 2008.
Supernova language
In 2009 Fayed began work on a new programming language called Supernova and distributed it as a free-open source project in 2010. The language support writing the source code in Arabic/English keywords at the same time and it's a Domain-specific language for GUI development using natural code. Supernova is developed using PWCT.
JVLC Journal
In 2013 Fayed worked with other researchers as a reviewer for the Journal of Visual Languages and Computing. The journal is published by Elsevier.
LASCNN algorithm
In 2013–2014 Fayed worked with other researchers on designing the LASCNN algorithm. In graph theory, LASCNN is a Localized Algorithm for Segregation of Critical/Non-critical Nodes. The LASCNN algorithm establishes k hop neighbor list and a duplicate free pair wise connection list based on k hop information. If the neighbors are stay connected then the node is non critical.
Ring language
In 2013 Fayed began work on a new programming language called Ring and distributed it as a free-open source project in 2016. Ring aims to offer a language focused on helping the developer with building natural interfaces and declarative DSLs.
Papers
Fayed et al., PWCT: a novel general-purpose visual programming language in support of pervasive application development, CCF Transactions on Pervasive Computing and Interaction, 2020
Imran, MA Alnuem, MS Fayed, A Alamri, Localized algorithm for segregation of critical/non-critical nodes in mobile ad hoc and sensor networks, Procedia Computer Science, 2013
References
Further reading
Ayouni (2020) Beginning Ring Programming, Apress (part of Springer Nature)
Hassouna (2019) Ring Basics (Arabic Book), Hassouna Academy
Fayed (2016) Ring Programming Language, Code Project
Fayed (2010) Supernova Programming Language, Code Project
External links
PWCT and other stuff
Ring programming language
Supernova programming language
Fayed home page at the King Saud University
1986 births
Living people
Free software programmers
Programming language designers
Open source people
Egyptian computer scientists
King Saud University alumni
is a Japanese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for MLS Next Pro club New England Revolution II via the New England Revolution academy.
Career
Youth
Fujiwara joined the New England Revolution academy in 2016. They made their first appearance for the club's USL League One side, New England Revolution II, on 15 August 2020, appearing as a 60th-minute substitute during a 3-3 draw with North Texas SC. In their debut, Fujiwara became the first Revolution Academy player to record a professional assist. They earned their first professional start on 21 August 2020 against Richmond Kickers.
Personal
Fujiwara was born in Obu, Aichi, Japan before moving to Lexington, Massachusetts in the United States when they were 12 years old. Their brother, Kaoru, also plays in the New England Revolution academy.
References
2003 births
Association football midfielders
Japanese footballers
Japanese expatriate footballers
Living people
Soccer players from Massachusetts
New England Revolution II players
USL League One player
MLS Next Pro players
This article provides information on the under 18 premiership deciders of rugby league competitions held on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia. The Match Details sub-section details the individual point-scorers in a match, where known.
The most recent Under 18 competition was held in 2013. In 2016, an Under 19 competition was conducted under the auspices of the Central Coast Division Rugby League and an Under 17 competition was run by the Junior body / association. Both are affiliates of NSW Country Rugby League and the New South Wales Rugby League.
List
Match Details
1968
OURIMBAH 9 (Robert Footte try; Peter Preston 3 goals) defeated WYONG 8 (Joe Walmsley, Peter Maundrell tries; Howard Burns goal) at Sohier Park on Sunday, September 15, 1968.
1969
WYONG 16 (Mick Leaudais, Robert Caulfield tries; Ken Peel 4 goals; Peter Maundrell field goal) defeated GOSFORD 8 (Michael O'Toole, Rick Roberts tries; Michael O'Toole goal) on Sunday, September 21, 1969.
1970s
1970
WYONG 7 (Kel Wynn try; Ken Peel 2 goals) defeated ERINA 6 (Wayne Shooter, Lloyd Dixon tries) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 20, 1970.
1971
WOY WOY 15 (Peter Robertson 2, Terry Roberts tries; Bill McNamara 3 goals) defeated WYONG 12 (Merrick Lindsay, C. Williams tries; Colin Peel 3 goals) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 26, 1971.
1972
GOSFORD 16 (Rick Legge 2, J. Clements, Barry Weinert tries; Trevor Binskin, Barry Weinert goals) defeated WYONG 3 (Merrick Lindsay try) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 10, 1972.
1973
GOSFORD 6 (Barry Weinert, Paul Needham tries) defeated ERINA 5 (Peter Creevey try; Graham Marchant goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 16, 1973.
1974
ERINA 17 (five tries; goal) defeated UMINA 2 (goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 29, 1974.
1975
WOY WOY 12 defeated WYONG 7 at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 21, 1975.
1976
ERINA 12 (Phillip Griffiths, David Uhler tries; B. Taylor 3 goals) defeated WOY WOY 10 (David Warwick, Jeff Goodworth tries; Doug Diversi 2 goals) on Sunday, September 12, 1976.
1977
ERINA 11 (Geoff Sopp, David Uhleer tries; G. Breedon 2 goals, D. Harris field goal) defeated WYONG 5 (Gary Prior try; Ross Lewis goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 18, 1977.
1978
WYONG 6 (Brett Shearman, Jim Carey tries) defeated UMINA 2 (Alan Williams goal) on Sunday, September 17, 1978.
1980s
1983
UMINA 9 (Col Wormleaton 4 goals and a field goal) defeated WYONG 8 (Col Thompson try; Garry Walsh 2 goals) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 18, 1983. Referee: W. Curnoe.
1984
WYONG 16 (Adrian Tschanter 2, David Perry tries; David Perry 2 goals) defeated GOSFORD 10 (Neal Hayter, Steve Carter tries; Michael Bishenden goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 16, 1984.
1985
WYONG 12 (Adam Bourke, Ritchie Montgomery tries; unknown 2 goals) defeated TERRIGAL 10 (two tries; goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 15, 1985. Referee: Bob Saunders.
1986
TERRIGAL-WAMBERAL 10 (Gary Bezrouchka, Paul McDonald tries; Billy Felton goal) defeated WYONG 6 (Ritchie Montgomery try; unnamed goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 10, 1989. Referee: L. Metti.
1987
WOY WOY 16 (Wayne Robinson and three others tries) defeated GOSFORD 10 (two tries; one goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 6, 1987.
1988
WOY WOY 14 (Stephen Plummer 2, Michael Douglas tries; Adam Campbell goal) defeated GOSFORD 12 (Paul Crawley, Paul Kent tries; Mark Winspear 2 goals) in extra-time at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 18, 1988.
1989
WOY WOY 16 (Chris Terrill, Simon Spinks tries; Adam Campbell 4 goals) defeated GOSFORD 14 (Michael Turner, Mark Winspear tries; three unnamed goals) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 10, 1989. Referee: R. Saunders.
1990s
1990
WOY WOY 14 (Jason Risk, Jason Pillings tries; Brendan Driscoll 3 goals) defeated ERINA 7 (Jason Johnson 3 goals; Darren Druett field goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 9, 1990. Referee: B. Whitelaw.
1991
ERINA 22 (Keiron Edwards, Eddie Anderson, Daniel Fitzpatrick, Ben Watt tries; Shane King at least one of three goals) defeated UMINA 6 (Brendan Douglas try; unnamed goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 1, 1991. Referee: A. Last
1992
THE ENTRANCE 11 (Matt Hyde, Michael Raco tries; John Catts goal; Adam Waters field goal) defeated ERINA 10 (Steve Monie, Todd Petrie tries; Trevor Hamilton goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 13, 1992. Referee: S. Shailer.
1993
OURIMBAH 30 (Adam Hill, Tim Lancett and others tries; five goals) defeated TERRIGAL-WAMBERAL 19 (Fred King and others tries; three goals; Damien Wright field goal) in extra-time at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 5, 1993. Referee: D. Allen.
1994
THE ENTRANCE 13 (Stephen Booth and one other tries; Brian Rees 2 goals; unnamed field goal) defeated GOSFORD 6 (Justin Murdoch try; unnamed goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 4, 1994.
1995
WYONG 21 (Scott Considine, Brad Smith, Luke O'Brien, Troy Redman tries; two unnamed goals; unnamed field goal) defeated GOSFORD 14 (Paul Holmes, Brian Skuse, Trent Murphy tries; unnamed goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 3, 1995.
1996
WYONG 16 (Luke O'Brien, Daniel Wade, Kevin Turkington tries; two unnamed goals) defeated THE ENTRANCE 2 (Daniel Lorusso goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 1, 1996.
1997
THE ENTRANCE 10 (Anthony Cotterill; Brent Soutar 3 goals) defeated WOY WOY 6 (Luke Marshall try; unnamed goal) at Grahame Park on Sunday, September 7, 1997.
1998
WYONG 16 (Michael Black 2, Jayde Farrell tries; Lance Lloyd 2 goals) defeated THE ENTRANCE 4 (Todd Bolton try) at Grahame Park on Sunday, August 30, 1998.
1999
WYONG 24 (Clinton Allsop, Russell Green, Ben Coughlan and others tries; unnamed goals) defeated UMINA 14 (Chris Heighington, Jake Westerman and one other tries; unnamed goals) at Woy Woy Oval on Sunday, September 5, 1999.
2009
TERRIGAL won at Morrie Breen Oval, Kanwal on Sunday, September 20, 2009.
2012
THE ENTRANCE 36 (Hayden Green, Daniel Henessey, Thomas Moloney, Nathan Lane, Liam Crawford, Daniel Richardson, Kayden Lawson tries; Hayden Green 4 goals) defeated TOUKLEY 20 (Andrew Callow, Matthew Dicks, Samuel Heterick, Josiah Fonua tries; Andrew Callow, Matthew Dicks goals) at Morrie Breen on Saturday, September 15, 2012.
2013
WYONG 34 (Luke Sharpe 2, Rory Stephen 2, Brad Keighran, Dean Coughlan tries; Brad Keighran 5 goals) defeated ERINA 14 (Nathan Deane, Jack Carlisle, Noah Easton tries; Ryan Sheppard goal) at Morrie Breen on Saturday, September 21, 2013.
Division 2
There has been one second tier Under 18 competition.
2012
KINCUMBER 14 (Kyle Sabroe 2 tries; Joseph Wheatley tries; Thomas Gray goal) defeated WOY WOY 4 (Coen Hardy try) at Morrie Breen on Saturday, September 15, 2012.
References
Sources
Microfilm of the following newspapers are available at the State Library of New South Wales and Central Coast Council libraries at Gosford and Wyong. The RAV numbers provided are those used by the State Library.
Central Coast Express (RAV 61)
Wyong and Lakes District Advocate (RAV 178)
Wyong Shire Advocate (RAV 824)
Erina Rugby League Football Club
Woy Woy Roosters
Fox Sports Pulse
The following books are available at the Tuggerah Branch of the Central Coast Council Libraries
C
Australian rugby league lists
Rugby League
Grand finals
IC 1919 is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation of Fornax. It is 61 million light years distant from Earth and it is a member of Fornax Cluster, a cluster of approximately 200 galaxies.
It was discovered by Lewis Swift on November 25, 1897. Its diameter, based on distance and size on night sky, is 23 000 light years, which is only a one quarter or probably less the diameter of Milky Way Galaxy.
See also
IC 1913
NGC 1399, central galaxy of Fornax Cluster
NGC 1427A
References
Elliptical galaxies
1919
Fornax (constellation)
Dairellidae is a family of amphipods belonging to the order Amphipoda.
Genera:
Dairella Bovallius, 1887
References
Amphipoda
The Thoroughbred is a horse breed known for its use in horse racing.
Thoroughbred may also refer to:
Literature and films
Thoroughbred (series), a series of young-adult novels that revolves around equestrianism
The Thoroughbred (1916 film), a 1916 American silent drama film
The Thoroughbred (1928 film), a 1928 British silent sports film
Thoroughbred (film), a 1936 Australian race-horse drama
Thoroughbreds (1944 film), a 1944 American film
Thoroughbreds (2017 film), a 2017 American film
Music
Thoroughbred (album), a 1976 album by Carole King, U.S.
Louisville Thoroughbreds, a men's chorus based in Louisville, Kentucky, U.S.
Sports
The Thoroughbred Corp. a California-based Thoroughbred horse racing and breeding operation
Scone Thoroughbreds, an Australian country rugby league team based in Scone, New South Wales
Atlanta Thoroughbreds, an American indoor football team
Owensboro Thoroughbreds, an American basketball team
Skidmore Thoroughbreds
Thoroughbred racing
Thoroughbred Stakes, a horse race in Great Britain
Other uses
Thoroughbred, a microprocessor from the AMD Athlon series
Thoroughbred (train), a passenger train of the Monon Railroad
See also
Purebred, the cultivated varieties or cultivars of an animal species, sometimes confused with thoroughbred
The black-headed python (Aspidites melanocephalus) is a species of snake in the Pythonidae (the python family). The species is endemic to Australia. No subspecies are currently recognized.
Description
Adults of A. melanocephalus typically grow to in total length (including tail), but can grow to a maximum of . The body is muscular with a flattened profile, while the tail tapers to a thin point.
The top of the head is covered by large, symmetrical scales. The dorsal scales, which are smooth and glossy, number 50-65 rows at midbody, while 315-355 ventral scales occur. The tail has 60-75 mainly single subcaudal scales and the anal scale is single. The posterior subcaudals tend to be divided, often irregularly.
The color pattern consists of shades of black, dark grey, brown, gold, and cream arranged in a banded or brindled pattern. The belly is light-colored, flecked with darker spots. The head is shiny black that also extends down the neck and throat for several inches.
Distribution and habitat
The species A. melanocephalus is found in Australia, in the northern half of the country, excluding the very arid regions. The type locality given is "Port Denison Bowen", Queensland, Australia. It occurs in humid tropical to semiarid conditions.
Behavior
A. melanocephalus is terrestrial and is often found amongst rocks and loose debris. If disturbed, it hisses loudly, but is unlikely to bite unless hunting prey. It sometimes strikes with a closed mouth, but generally can be handled easily. It is a strong swimmer, but is almost never found in water. it is not venomous.
Feeding
The diet of A. melanocephalus consists mainly of reptiles, including snakes, but it will eat mammals if available. Because the black-headed python lives in the tropics, it heats up quicker and stays warmer for longer. This means it can eat more because it digests food quicker in warmer conditions. When ingesting large prey, this species positions one or two coils just ahead of its distended mouth and by constriction makes the task of swallowing easier.
Reproduction
A. melanocephalus is oviparous. Adult females lay five to 10 eggs per clutch. The females stay coiled about the eggs and incubate them until they hatch, which is usually after 2–3 months. The young take small prey as soon as two days after hatching. Immature individuals are vulnerable to predation, including cannibalism. Adults have no natural predators other than dingos and humans.
Captivity
Due to its docile nature and striking color pattern, A. melanocephalus has become very desirable as an exotic pet. It is bred in captivity and can be relatively easily obtained, but does command a high price. As it can be a muscular snake and reaches a fairly substantial size, prospective owners should consider a suitable enclosure, as well as temperature and feeding requirements.
In human culture
A. melanocephalus is mentioned in, or plays a central role in, the stories of the Indigenous Australians Dreamtime tradition.
References
Further reading
Boulenger GA (1893). Catalogue of the Snakes in the British Museum (Natural History). Volume I., Containing the Families ... Boidæ .... London: Trustees of the British Museum (Natural History). (Taylor and Francis, printers). xiii + 448 pp. + Plates I–XXVIII. (Aspidites melanocephalus, p. 91).
Cogger HG (2014). Reptiles and Amphibians of Australia, Seventh Edition. Clayton, Victoria, Australia: CSIRO Publishing. xxx + 1,033 pp. .
Krefft G (1864). "Description of Aspidiotes melanocephalus, a New Snake from Port Denison, N.E. Australia". Proceedings of the Zoological Society of London 1864: 20-22.
Wilson S, Swan G (2013). A Complete Guide to Reptiles of Australia, Fourth Edition. Sydney: New Holland Publishers. 522 pp. .
External links
Black-headed Python video Accessed 30 June 2013
The Creation Story of the Wardaman People at Renewing Women's Business. Accessed 19 September 2007.
Black-Headed Python at Zoos Victoria. Accessed 19 September 2007.
Aspidites melanocephalus at Python Pete Reptiles. Accessed 19 September 2007.
Pythonidae
Reptiles of Western Australia
Taxa named by Gerard Krefft
Reptiles described in 1864
Snakes of Australia
Frank E. "Eddie" Skinner (August 19, 1908 – March 1, 1987) was an American stock car racing racing driver. They competed in the NASCAR Grand National Series during the 1950s.
Career
Skinner raced out of Yerington, Nevada, where they lived for 35 years. They made their debut in NASCAR competition at Martinsville Speedway in May 1953. Over the next six years, they competed in a total of 73 races, with their final start coming at Old Dominion Speedway in April 1958; their best finish was fifth, four times.
Skinner also competed in United States Auto Club stock car events. They were known as a prankster; in a race at Nashville Speedway in 1959, they were reported to have made a pit stop during the race, stating that their car needed to be "slowed down before someone gets hurt", while another report places the incident as taking place during a NASCAR event at Martinsville.
Long after their NASCAR racing days were behind him, Skinner raced stock cars at T-Car Speedway in Carson City, Nevada, competing as late as the mid-1980s, when they were well into their 70s.
References
External links
1908 births
1987 deaths
People from Yerington, Nevada
Racing drivers from Nevada
NASCAR drivers
Men's Overall World Cup 1982/1983
Final point standings
In Men's Overall World Cup 1982/83 the best five downhills, best five giant slaloms/Super G, best five slaloms and best three combined count. The parallel slalom only counts for the Nationscup (or was a show-event). Deductions are given in ().
References
fis-ski.com
World Cup
FIS Alpine Ski World Cup overall titles
Mosquito is a barrio in the island-municipality of Vieques, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 0.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Mosquito and Llave barrios was 1,069.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of Vieques, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Vieques, Puerto Rico
Eqbali (, also Romanized as Eqbālī; also known as Eqbālīyeh and Eqbalīyeh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 88, in 23 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Annunciation is a 1603-1605 painting by El Greco, produced as part of a contract to provide paintings for a church in Illescas, Toledo.
The painting still hangs in the church, the Santuario de Nuestra Señora de la Caridad, with three others from the same set (Charity, Coronation of the Virgin and Nativity), whilst the fifth is now in the National Museum of Art of Romania (Marriage of the Virgin).
It is a simplification of the composition used by the artist for the Annunciation on the Doña María de Aragón Altarpiece.
1600s paintings
El Greco
Paintings by El Greco
Books in art
Altarpieces
Edward Joseph Salem (August 28, 1928 – December 21, 2001) was an American football quarterback and defensive back. They were a 1950 College Football All-America Team selection from the University of Alabama Crimson Tide and played one season for the National Football League's Washington Redskins and one season for the Canadian Football League's Montreal Alouettes.
Salem was born in Tucson, Arizona and arrived in Tuscaloosa, Alabama to play for Harold Drew's Crimson Tide at a time when they were still rising to national prominence. They starred on all sides of the ball. As a quarterback they were the team's top passer in 1948, 1949 and 1950. They were also the Tide's leading rusher in 1948 and top scorer in 1948 and 1949, a season in which they also led the team in interceptions. In 1950, they were the Tide's top punt returner. In Alabama's 55–0 victory over rival Auburn University in the 1948 Iron Bowl they threw for three touchdowns, rushed for another, and kicked seven extra points. Alabama's athletics staff named them one of the Tide's 50 best players in history in 1992.
The Washington Redskins made Salem the 15th player selected overall in the second round of the 1951 NFL Draft. They played one year for the Redskins, recording five interceptions on defense. For the following season they signed with the Montreal Alouettes, making their mark there by kicking what was then a league record field goal of
After leaving professional football, Salem moved to Birmingham, Alabama and opened the first "Ed Salem's Drive-In" on what became a noted cruising strip on the section of the beeline Highway between Birmingham and North Birmingham. They later expanded with additional locations in the Lakeview neighborhood. Ed Salem's Drive-In #3, formerly Eli's Drive-In, was the site of WSGN's famed "Sky Castle" deejay booth, where the station's "Good Guys" evening rock and roll deejays would take live requests.
In addition to their restaurants, Salem opened a travel agency and several bowling alleys and acted as a real estate developer. They died in 2001 from complications from diabetes and was buried at Birmingham's Elmwood Cemetery.
Salem was inducted into the Alabama Sports Hall of Fame in the Class of 2010.
See also
Alabama Crimson Tide football yearly statistical leaders
References
1928 births
2001 deaths
Players of American football from Tucson, Arizona
Players of American football from Birmingham, Alabama
American football quarterbacks
Alabama Crimson Tide football players
All-American college football players
Washington Redskins players
Montreal Alouettes players
Burials at Elmwood Cemetery (Birmingham, Alabama)
Dysdercus koenigii is a species of true bug in the family Pyrrhocoridae, commonly known as the red cotton stainer. It is a serious pest of cotton crops, the adults and older nymphs feeding on the emerging bolls and the cotton seeds as they mature, transmitting cotton staining fungi as they do so.
Description
The nymphs moult five times as they grow. The first and second instar nymphs are orange/red, and the third instar has emerging wingpads and is orange at first, deepening in colour by the second day. The fourth instar is crimson and cylindrical with larger, darker wingpads and the fifth instar is similar, with prominent dark wingpads, black antennae and legs. The adult insect is also crimson, with a pair of black spots on the forewings. The membranous hind wings are concealed under the forewings when the insect is at rest. Males are about in length and females are a little larger.
Distribution
Dysdercus koenigii is commonly found in India, Pakistan and southeastern Asia.
Host plants
The species is a pest of cotton crops, although cotton is not its preferred choice of hosts, as it prefers Alcea rosea and Hibiscus. As each host plant ages and becomes unsuitable, the winged adults migrate to new host plants of the same or different species. While migrating, they often feed on nectar from non-host plants and probe fruits with their rostra (beak-like mouthparts). These fruits are often citrus, perhaps because citrus and cotton are often grown in close proximity.
Biology
The female D. koenigii usually lays three batches of seventy or eighty eggs in damp soil, under plant litter or in crevices. The eggs are oval and creamy-yellow, and take about six days to hatch. The nymphs pass through five instar stages and become winged adults after fifty to sixty days. The adults survive for a few weeks and there are several generations throughout the year. The adults and later stage instars feed on immature cotton bolls and on the developing and ripening seed. By their presence in the bolls, they admit fungi such as Eremothecium gossypii which indelibly stains the lint.
References
Pyrrhocoridae
Hemiptera of Asia
Insects described in 1775
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Agricultural pest insects
Insect pests of millets
Crossover thrash (often abbreviated to crossover) is a fusion genre of thrash metal and hardcore punk. The genre lies on a continuum between heavy metal and hardcore punk. Other genres on the same continuum, such as metalcore and grindcore, may overlap with crossover thrash.
Terminological ambiguity
The genre is often confused with thrashcore, which is essentially a faster hardcore punk rather than a more punk-oriented form of metal. Throughout the early and mid 1980s, the term "thrash" was often used as a synonym for hardcore punk (as in the New York Thrash compilation of 1982). The term "thrashcore" to distinguish acts of the genre from others was not coined until at least 1993. Many crossover bands, such as D.R.I., began as influential thrashcore bands. The "-core" suffix of "thrashcore" is sometimes used to distinguish it from crossover thrash and thrash metal, the latter of which is often referred to simply as "thrash", which in turn is rarely used to refer to crossover thrash or thrashcore. Thrashcore is occasionally used by the music press to refer to thrash metal-inflected metalcore.
History
Crossover thrash evolved when performers in metal began borrowing elements of hardcore punk's music. Void and their 1982 Split LP with fellow D.C. band The Faith are hailed as one of the earliest examples of hardcore/heavy metal crossover and their chaotic musical approach is often cited as particularly influential. Punk-based metal bands generally evolved into the genre by developing a more technically advanced approach than the average hardcore outfit (which focused on very fast tempos and very brief songs); these bands were more metal-sounding and aggressive than traditional hardcore punk and thrashcore. The initial contact between punk rock and heavy metal involved a "fair amount of mutual loathing. Despite their shared devotion to speed, spite, shredded attire and stomping on distortion pedals, their relationship seemed, at first, unlikely."
While Motörhead explored punk in the late '70s, it was UK hardcore that drew "...inspiration from metal's volcanic heart" to create a "bludgeoning tonality and cataclysmic narratives" that "bridged the gulf" between metal and punk; the key band is "UK hardcore's most crucial band: Discharge", which from 1980 to 1983 "challenged prevailing notions of what punk was supposed to sound like, and in doing so revolutionized the prospects of metal."
Especially early on, crossover thrash had a strong affinity with skate punk, but gradually became more and more the province of metal audiences. The scene gestated at a Berkeley club called Ruthie's, in 1984. The term "metalcore" was originally used to refer to these crossover groups.
As Steven Blush said,
Hardcore punk groups Corrosion of Conformity, D.R.I. and Suicidal Tendencies played alongside thrash metal groups like Megadeth, Anthrax, Metallica, Slayer, Exodus, Testament and Overkill. This scene influenced the skinhead wing of New York hardcore, including crossover groups such as Cro-Mags, Murphy's Law, Agnostic Front, and Warzone.
In 1984, New Jersey crossover group Hogan's Heroes was formed and played alongside thrash metal groups like Destruction, Death Angel, Forbidden, and Prong. In the October 1984 issue of Maximum Rocknroll, famed Metallica LP cover artist Brian "Pushead" Schroeder wrote "You ain't heard this! Blisters with speedcore franticness, mean with whining licks as it kicks into a maniac pace. Well organized melodies that cry out in terrorizing metallic thrash. While some bands are trying to be metal, English Dogs are just the dawning of speedcore!", referring to the EP To the End's of the Earth. Other prominent crossover thrash groups include Attitude Adjustment, Crumbsuckers, Cryptic Slaughter, Discharge, Municipal Waste, Nuclear Assault, Stormtroopers of Death, M.O.D., SSD and The Exploited.
See also
List of crossover thrash bands
References
Bibliography
Blush, Steven and Petros, George (2001). American Hardcore: A Tribal History. Los Angeles: Feral House. .
Waksman, Steve (2009). This Ain't the Summer of Love: Conflict and Crossover in Heavy Metal and Punk. Berkeley, CA: University of California Press. .
20th-century music genres
Extreme metal
Hardcore punk genres
Heavy metal genres
Thrash metal
American rock music genres
Sonja Gerhardt (born 2 April 1989) is a German film and television actor.  They are best known for their roles in the television series Schmetterlinge im Bauch and Deutschland 83, and the upcoming action-horror film Paranormal Activity: The Other Side.
Filmography
2006: Schmetterlinge im Bauch
2008: Sommer
2008: In aller Freundschaft
2008: Sklaven und Herren
2009: Die Wilden Hühner und das Leben
2009:
2009: WAGs
2010: Im Spessart sind die Geister los
2010: Der Doc und die Hexe
2010: Stuttgart Homicide (Episode: Killesbergbaby)
2010: Die Jagd nach der Heiligen Lanze
2010: Polizeiruf 110 (Episode: Risiko)
2010: Das fremde Mädchen
2010: Tatort (Episode: Borowski und eine Frage von reinem Geschmack)
2010: Ein Date fürs Leben
2010: Doctor's Diary
2011: Die Verführung – Das fremde Mädchen
2011: Großstadtrevier (Episode: Vertauscht)
2011: Küstenwache (Episode: Letzte Warnung)
2011: Krauses Braut
2011: Das Traumschiff (Episode: Kambodscha)
2011: 2011: Rosa Roth (Episode: Bin ich tot?)
2012: Die Jagd nach dem Bernsteinzimmer 2012: 2012: Mittlere Reife 2012: Heiraten ist auch keine Lösung 2012: Auf Herz und Nieren 2012: Danni Lowinski 2012: Schneeweißchen und Rosenrot 2013: Flaschenpost an meinen Mann 2013: Tape_13 2013: Heiter bis tödlich: Hauptstadtrevier 2014: #Vegas 2014: Die Schlikkerfrauen 2014: Weihnachten für Einsteiger 2014: Dessau Dancers 2015: Deutschland 83 (TV series)
2016: Ku'damm 56 (TV series)
2017: Honigfrauen (TV series)
2018: Deutschland 86 2018: Kalte Füße 2018: Ku'damm 59 (TV series)
2020: The Magic Kids – Three Unlikely heroes'' 2023: Paranormal Activity: The Other Side''
References
External links
German television actores
1989 births
Living people
Actresses from Berlin
21st-century German actores
Edward Connor may refer to:
Edward Connor (cricketer) (1872–1947), English cricketer
Ted Connor (1884–1955), English footballer
Ned Connor (1850–1898), American baseball player
See also
Edward Connors (disambiguation)
Edward O'Connor (disambiguation)
The University of Maryland neighborhood, encompasses a southwestern portion of downtown Baltimore which includes the University of Maryland, Baltimore.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
"Chapter 5: The Gunslinger" is the fifth episode of the first season of the American streaming television series The Mandalorian. It was written and directed by executive producer Dave Filoni and released on Disney+ on December 6, 2019. The episode stars Pedro Pascal as The Mandalorian, a lone bounty hunter on the run with "the Child" who helps a new bounty hunter (co-star Jake Cannavale).
Plot
The Mandalorian defeats a pursuing bounty hunter in a dogfight, but the Razor Crest is damaged and they land at a repair facility run by Peli Motto (Amy Sedaris) in Mos Eisley on Tatooine. While seeking work to pay for the repairs in a local cantina, they meet Toro Calican (Jake Cannavale), a young bounty hunter looking to join the Bounty Hunter's Guild by capturing Fennec Shand (Ming-Na Wen), a well-trained mercenary. Despite misgivings, the Mandalorian agrees to help them for the bounty, while Calican will take credit for the capture. Peli, meanwhile, has come across "the Child" and begins to take care of it while working on the ship, growing slightly fond of it.
The Mandalorian and Calican travel into the Dune Sea on speeder bikes, looking for Shand. They come upon Tusken Raiders; the Mandalorian barters with them by trading Calican's binoculars (which are apparently brand-new) for safe passage. They eventually come across a Dewback with a dead bounty hunter attached to it, which turns out to be bait laid out by Shand to attract anyone looking for them The two manage to avoid their attacks and capture her, but they manage to destroy one of their speeder bikes in the fight.
The Mandalorian goes to get the Dewback to replace the destroyed speeder, while Calican watches Shand. They tell them that the Mandalorian is a traitor to the Guild and that the bounties on the Mandalorian and the Child are worth a great deal more than their own. Calican is unconcerned with the bounty, but Shand points out that taking out a Mandalorian would make them a legend. They offer to help Calican capture the Mandalorian if they free them but Calican, assuming that they would betray him, shoots them and heads to the repair facility on the speeder bike, where they capture Motto and the Child. The Mandalorian arrives, uses a flash grenade to stun Calican, and shoots them dead. The Mandalorian then gives Calican's money to Motto to pay for the repairs on their ship and they leaf Tatooine. Out in the desert, a mysterious figure is seen approaching Shand's body.
Production
Development
The episode was written and directed by executive producer Dave Filoni.
Casting
Amy Sedaris and Jake Cannavale were cast as Peli Motto and Toro Calican, respectively. At the D23 Expo in August 2019, it was revealed that Ming-Na Wen would appear in the series as Fennec Shand. Additional guest starring actors cast for this episode include Rio Hackford as Riot Mar, Troy Kotsur as a Tusken raider, and Steve Blum as the spaceport operator. Brendan Wayne and Lateef Crowder are credited as stunt doubles for The Mandalorian. Barry Lowin is credited as additional double for The Mandalorian, while Milly Nalin, Trevor Logan and Ming Qiu are credited as stunt doubles for Peli Motto, Toro Calican and Fennec Shand, respectively. "The Child" was performed by various puppeteers. In the episode "Connections" of Disney Gallery: The Mandalorian, it was revealed that Mark Hamill, who played Luke Skywalker in the Star Wars films, provided the voice of the bartender droid EV-9D9.
Music
Ludwig Göransson composed the musical score for the episode. The soundtrack album for the episode was released on December 6, 2019.
Reception
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes holds an approval rating of 74% for the episode, with an average rating of 6.5/10, based on 31 reviews. The website's critics consensus reads, "The Gunslinger has flare and nostalgia to spare, but with only three episodes left to go, The Mandalorian lack of forward momentum is starting to feel like narrative wheel spinning."
Alan Sepinwall of Rolling Stone praises the show for "keeping things simple, telling a clear story, and focusing on the strengths of your actors and your production. And The Mandalorian, like its title character, pretty consistently hits its targets. "The Gunslinger" continues this straightforward streak." Keith Phipps of Vulture.com gave the episode 4 out of 5 and wrote: "Part of what makes the Mandalorian such a compelling character is that he's great at their job but he's never superhumanly great at their job." Katie Rife of The A.V. Club gave the episode a B grade. They were excited at the prospect of seeing Mos Eisley and other callbacks to the original trilogy, but critical of the episode for being just more setup for the larger story arc: "I'm starting to wonder when we're going to get to the main course."
In a negative review, Tyler Hersko, of IndieWire, stated that "Nostalgia is one thing, but the utter dearth of new ideas here just makes the bountiful references a glaring reminder that this has all been done much better before."
Notes
References
External links
2019 American television episodes
Fiction set on desert planets
Television shows directed by Dave Filoni
The Mandalorian episodes
The Rapa Valley (Swedish: Rapadalen, Sami: Ráhpavágge) is a long valley in Sweden and the largest in the Sarek National Park, part of the Laponian area. The Rapa River runs through the valley, which is surrounded by steep mountains. It's Laitaure river delta is one of the major tourist attractions for hikers in the area.
References
Further reading
Valleys of Sweden
Sarek National Park
Landforms of Norrbotten County
The Holy Family with the Dragonfly, also known as The Holy Family with the Mayfly, The Holy Family with the Locust, and The Holy Family with the Butterfly is an engraving by the German artist Albrecht Dürer (1471–1528) from approximately 1495. It is quite small but full of intricate detail. A very popular image, copied by other printmakers within five years of creation, it is found in most major print room collections, including the Indianapolis Museum of Art and the UK Royal Collection.
Description
The Holy Family with the Dragonfly, alternately known as The Holy Family with the Butterfly, The Holy Family with the Locust, and The Virgin with the Dragonfly, is an early engraving by Dürer. It depicts both the Holy Family and the Holy Trinity, as the Virgin Mary sits on a bench holding Jesus with Joseph beside them, while God the Father and the Holy Ghost in the form of a dove look down from the clouds. In the lower right corner is an insect frequently identified as a dragonfly. However, Dürer may have intended it as a butterfly, a creature whose dramatically transformative life-cycle makes it a perfect symbol of resurrection and redemption. The abundance of beautifully-rendered textures in the richly detailed landscape show how early Dürer mastered the art of engraving.
History
The exact date of creation is not known. It may have been an imitative piece from their apprenticeship, a copy of older master such as Martin Schongauer. The precise shape of Dürer's monogram is most similar to works dated 1494-95, and the presence of a gondola in the background places it after their 1494 trip to Venice. It is the first print on which they placed their monogram, and the only one in which the D is lowercase. By placing their mark on it, they claimed authorship of the work, unlike the numerous anonymous artists of their day. This act of ownership offered no protection, however, since their international renown as an artistic genius meant copies appeared throughout Italy and Germany by 1500.
In Dürer's Germany, Mary and Jesus were grounded and human, making them highly sympathetic for mere mortals. That meant tender scenes such as this were extremely popular. Dürer made many prints of this theme to be sold in shops and by traveling salespersons so worshipers could paste them into books or attach them to walls as devotional objects.
Insect
The type of insect that Dürer depicted is unclear. While it is commonly named as a dragonfly (Odonata), Kate Heard and Lucy Whitaker in their book The Northern Renaissance. Dürer to Holbein (2011) suggest that they may have meant it to be read as a butterfly (Lepidoptera). They explain that the butterfly's familiar transformation from caterpillar to winged adult was a symbol of resurrection and the soul's redemption, referring to the infant Christ in the Virgin's arms. The painting is indeed sometimes also called the Holy Family with the Butterfly. The insect has also been taken to be a locust (Acrididae) or a praying mantis (Mantodea), "with the symbolic meaning in relation to the Virgin changing accordingly."
A similar engraving in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C. is named The Holy Family with the Mayfly, identifying the insect as a mayfly (Ephemeroptera). The critics Larry Silver and Pamela H. Smith write that the image provides "an explicit link between heaven and earth ... to suggest a cosmic resonance between sacred and profane, celestial and terrestrial, macrocosm and microcosm."
Artist
Collections
Indianapolis Museum of Art (USA)
Royal Collection (UK)
National Gallery of Art
Amsterdam Rijksmuseum (inv.no. RP-P-OB-1204)
See also
Visitation (Dürer)
Joachim and Anne Meeting at the Golden Gate (Dürer)
References
External links
Indianapolis Museum of Art page
Prints of the Indianapolis Museum of Art
Prints by Albrecht Dürer
Prints including the Virgin Mary
Jesus in art
Saint Joseph in art
Ships in art
Insects in art
15th-century engravings
Catholic engraving
Paul Benedict (September 17, 1938 – December 1, 2008) was an American actor who made numerous appearances in television and films, beginning in 1965. They were known for their roles as The Number Painter on the PBS children's show Sesame Street and as the English neighbor Harry Bentley on the CBS sitcom The Jeffersons.
Early life
Benedict was born in Silver City, New Mexico, the son of Alma Marie (née Loring), a journalist, and Mitchell M. Benedict, a doctor, and grew up in Massachusetts, where they graduated from Boston College High School and Suffolk University. Benedict served a tour of duty in the United States Marine Corps. Their oversized jaw and large nose were partially attributed to acromegaly; they were first diagnosed with it by an endocrinologist who saw Benedict in a theatrical production.
Film and TV work
Norman Lear cast Benedict as a Zen Buddhist in Cold Turkey, which was completed in late fall 1969 but not released until February 1971. Benedict would go on to work with Lear in the coming years on various television projects.
Benedict was best known for their role as Harry Bentley on the television series The Jeffersons. They played this role from the series' inception in 1975 until 1981, and then returned in 1983 and remained until the end of the series in 1985. Their character was a well-mannered Englishman who lived in the apartment next door to George and Louise Jefferson. They worked at the United Nations as a translator and was a bachelor. They were liked by all of the characters on the show except George Jefferson, who found them annoying, but they eventually became friends as the show progressed. Harry was also known for telling boring, pointless stories about their past, particularly about their childhood and relatives in England.
Benedict played the recurring character The Number Painter on the long-running children's PBS show Sesame Street.
Benedict played the father of a fugitive teen runaway in the 1971 film Taking Off, which was Miloš Forman's first American film. In the same year they had a small role as a food vendor in They Might Be Giants, starring George C. Scott. Perhaps their best-known movie role from that period was that of Reverend Lindquist in Sydney Pollack's 1972 film Jeremiah Johnson, starring Robert Redford.
In the 1974 film The Front Page, Benedict appeared as Plunkett, the emissary of the governor. In Dino De Laurentiis' Mandingo (1975), they played a slave trader opposite James Mason and Perry King. In the movie The Goodbye Girl (1977) starring Richard Dreyfuss and Marsha Mason, Benedict played the stage director of a production of Richard III in which Richard III was to be portrayed as a stereotypical gay man. They were the patiently eccentric butler in Dr. Necessiter's Gothic-castle apartment in The Man With Two Brains (1983), and had a short scene in the mockumentary This Is Spinal Tap (1984), playing Tucker Smitty Brown, the awkward desk clerk who checks in the band. Called a "twisted old fruit" by the band's manager Ian, they reply, "I'm just as God made me, sir."
In 1988, Benedict played Fairchild, Dudley Moore's butler in the movie Arthur 2: On the Rocks, the sequel to the hit 1981 film Arthur. That same year, in the film Cocktail, they portrayed a condescending business college professor. In the 1990 film The Freshman, they played a similar role, this time an NYU film school professor. In 1991, they starred in The Addams Family as the grouchy judge George Womack. They also made an appearance as the incorrectly assumed title character in the 1996 film Waiting for Guffman, another mockumentary involving many of the same writers and actors as This Is Spinal Tap. They also played Fay's father in the story of Rumpelstiltskin in the Between the Lions episode "Hay Day". They also appeared on the TV show a Different World, season 4 episode 8 as Mr. Ludlow.
Benedict appeared in a 1998 Seinfeld episode as a magazine editor with The New Yorker who was questioned by Elaine about a cartoon in the magazine. Their final television appearance was a guest spot on The Drew Carey Show in 2002.
Theater
Following their graduation from Suffolk University in their hometown of Boston, Benedict began acting at the Theatre Company of Boston and performed with Robert De Niro, Dustin Hoffman and Al Pacino.
In addition to their varied film and television roles, Benedict was an accomplished theater actor, having appeared on Broadway multiple times, notably in Eugene O'Neill's two-character play Hughie in 1996 (performing with Al Pacino) at the Circle in the Square Theater, and more recently in The Music Man in 2000–2001. They appeared Off-Broadway in 1986 in Terrence McNally's It's Only a Play. They had directed a production of the work Off-off-Broadway several years before.
In 2007, Benedict performed as "Hirst" in Harold Pinter's No Man's Land at the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Benedict directed Frank D. Gilroy's Any Given Day on Broadway. Off-Broadway, they directed the original production of Terrence McNally's Frankie and Johnny in the Claire de Lune, and Kathy Najimy's and Mo Gaffney's The Kathy and Mo Show, which won an Obie Award.
Death
On December 1, 2008, Benedict was found dead of a brain hemorrhage at their home in Aquinnah, Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts. They were 70 years old.
Benedict was awarded a posthumous Elliot Norton Award by the Boston Theater Critics Association in 2009.
Filmography
References
External links
Paul Benedict article at Somerville, MA "Wicked Local" Off-Broadway weblink about No Man's Land
1938 births
2008 deaths
American male film actors
American male television actors
Male actors from New Mexico
People from Silver City, New Mexico
People with acromegaly
Suffolk University alumni
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
The Royal Belfast Golf Club is located on the southern shores of Belfast Lough at Craigavad in County Down, seven miles from the centre of Belfast. Founded in 1881 the club claims to be the oldest such club in Ireland. The present course was designed by Harry Colt
Origins
The course was founded at lands at Kinnegar, Holywood in 1881 and granted a Royal Charter by the Prince of Wales, later Edward VII, in 1885. In 1892 the club moved to Carnalea and then again to its present location at Craigavad in 1914.
See also
List of golf clubs granted Royal status
References
External links
Golf clubs and courses in Northern Ireland
Sports clubs in County Down
Organisations based in Northern Ireland with royal patronage
1881 establishments in Ireland
Golf clubs and courses designed by Harry Colt
Sports venues completed in 1881
An electrical isolation test is a Direct current (DC) or Alternating current (AC) resistance test that is performed between sub-circuit common and subsystem chassis to verify that a specified level of isolation resistance is met. Isolation testing may also be conducted between one or more electrical circuits of the same subsystem. The test often reveals problems that occurred during assembly, such as defective/wrong component, improper component placement/orientation and wire insulation or insulator defects that may cause inadvertent shorting or grounding to chassis, in turn, compromising electrical circuit quality and product safety.
Isolation resistance measurements may be achieved using a high input impedance ohmmeter, digital multimeter (DMM) or current-limited Hipot test instrument. The selected equipment should not over stress sensitive electronic components comprising the subsystem. The test limits should also consider semiconductor components within the subsystem that may be activated by the potentials imposed by each type of test instrumentation. A minimum acceptable resistance value is usually specified (typically in the mega ohm (MΩ) range per circuit tested). Multiple circuits having a common return may be tested simultaneously, provided the minimum allowable resistance value is based on the number of circuits in parallel.
Five basic isolation test configurations exist:
Single Un-referenced End-Circuit – isolation between one input signal and circuit chassis/common ground.
Multiple Un-referenced End-Circuits with a single return – isolation between several input signals and circuit chassis/common ground.
Subsystem with Isolated Common – isolation between signal input and common ground.
Common Chassis Ground – isolation between circuit common and chassis (chassis grounded).
Isolated Circuit Common – isolation between circuit common and chassis (chassis floating).
Isolation measurements are made with the assembly or subsystem unpowered and disconnected from any support equipment.
See also
Dielectric withstand test
Electrical breakdown
Galvanic isolation
References
Electrical tests
Liotella compacta is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Skeneidae.
Description
The diameter of the shell attains 1.3 mm.
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to Australia and occurs off South Australia and Tasmania.
References
Petterd, W. 1884. Description of new Tasmanian shells. Journal of Conchology 4: 135-145
Cotton, B. C., 1959. South Australian Mollusca. Archaeogastropoda. W.L. Hawes, Adelaide.. 449 pp., 1 pl.
External links
compacta
Gastropods of Australia
Gastropods described in 1884
Ward No. 135, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 15, covering parts of Garden Reach (Bichali Ghat-Mudiali) neighbourhood in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
The establishment and evolution of Kolkata Municipal Corporation followed a long process starting from around the middle of the 19th century. The Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 and certain steps taken thereafter saw the addition of peripheral areas in the eastern and southern parts of the city to the corporation area. In 1888, there were 75 commissioners, 50 of whom were elected, 15 appointed by the government and 10 nominated from bodies like Chambers of Commerce, Trades Associations and the Port Commissioners. The Calcutta Municipal Act of 1923 brought about important changes. The adjacent municipalities of Cossipore, Chitpore, Manicktola and Garden Reach, as well as the New Dock Extension area, were amalgamated with Kolkata. Garden Reach was later taken out.
Post-independence developments saw the introduction of adult franchise in municipal elections in 1962. The number of wards increased from 75 to 100. Tollygunge was merged with Kolkata in 1953. The Calcutta Municipal Corporation Act 1980, which came into effect in 1984, extended the boundaries of Kolkata by including South Suburban, Garden Reach and Jadavpur municipalities in Kolkata. With the addition of Joka to Kolkata, the number of wards rose to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 135 is bordered on the north by the southern bank of the Hooghly River and Garden Reach Road; on the east by Bichali Ghat Lane, Dhankheti Khal, Mudiali 1st Lane and Fatepur 2nd Lane; on the south by Panchanantala Lane and Monsha Row Bye Lane; and on the west by Mudialy Road.
The ward is served by Garden Reach and Metiabruz police stations of Kolkata Police.
Watgunge Women police station, located at 16, Watgunge Street, Kolkata-700023, covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the Port Division, i.e. North Port, South Port, Watgunge, West Port, Garden Reach, Ekbalpur, Nadial, Rajabagan and Metiabruz.
Demographics
As per the 2011 Census of India, Ward No. 135, Kolkata Municipal Corporation, had a total population of 33,258, of which 17,553 (53%) were males and 15,705 (47%) were females. Population below 6 years was 3,536. The total number of literates in Ward No. 135 was 22,513 (75.75% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Kolkata Port (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
External links
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
Piechota is a Polish-language surname. Two possible etymologies are suggested. One is the actual noun piechota in its various historical meanings. Another is a derivative of the diminutive form "Piech" from given names Pietr, Piotr, etc.
Notable people with the surname include:
Al Piechota (1914–1996), American baseball player
Jacek Piechota (born 1959), Polish politician
Oskar Piechota (born 1990), Polish mixed martial artist
Paulina Piechota (born 1999), Polish swimmer
Sławomir Jan Piechota (born 1960), Polish politician
See also
Piechocki
References
Polish-language surnames
Mehmet Demir is a politician with the People's Democratic Party (HDP) in Turkey, and served as co-mayor of Batman until their removal by the Turkish state in March 2020.
Demir was dismissed from their post on Monday, 23 March 2020 and subsequently arrested along with Diyarbakır's Silvan District Mayor Naşide Toprak, Ergani District Mayor Ahmet Kaya, Lice Mayor Tarık Mercan and Eğil District Mayor Mustafa Akkul. The HDP also stated that Yenişehir Co-Mayor Belgin Diken, Batman Vice Co-Mayors Şehriban Aydın and Salih Çetinkaya, Batman Municipal Assembly Co-Spokespersons Şükran Çelebi and Recep Yargı had also been detained.
According to pro-government Turkish newspaper Daily Sabah, Turkey has now "removed the elected administrations of 93 municipalities in the region for their links to the PKK terrorist group". The HDP denies links to the PKK, and HDP co-leader Mithat Sancar told Reuters that "We reject with hatred this vile attempt that does not shy away from showing enmity against Kurds even in these difficult days when the whole world is battling an epidemic".
Cumhuriyet newspaper reported that police detained 16 people for protesting the decision to remove the mayor in front of Batman city hall after HDP Batman Deputy Ayşe Acar Başaran made a statement in front of supporters.
References
Turkish Kurdish politicians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
People from Batman, Turkey
Peoples' Democratic Party (Turkey) politicians
Politicians arrested in Turkey
People expelled from public office
The 2021–22 season was the 111th season in the existence of Torino F.C. and the club's 10th consecutive season in the top flight of Italian football. In addition to the domestic league, Torino participated in this season's edition of the Coppa Italia.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 14 July 2021.
Coppa Italia
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
Goalscorers
Notes
References
Torino F.C. seasons
Torino
Shannon Patricia Elizabeth O'Brien (born April 30, 1959) is an American politician and attorney who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1987 through 1993, in the Massachusetts Senate from 1993 through 1995, and was the Massachusetts state treasurer from 1999 through 2003. In that last position they became the first woman to be elected in Massachusetts to statewide office by their own accord. They were the Democratic Party nominee in the 2002 Massachusetts gubernatorial election, but lost in the general election to Mitt Romney.
Early life and education
Four generations of O'Brien's family has served in elected office in Massachusetts government. Them great-grandfather, Michael T. O'Brien, was the proprietor of the family funeral home in Easthampton, Massachusetts, and first elected to the state legislature in 1930. Them father Edward O'Brien (1933–2004) was a lawyer who served on the Massachusetts Governor's Council from 1970 to 1975, left the post to run for Massachusetts attorney general, losing the 1974 Democratic primary to Francis X. Belotti; their father ran for Congress in 1976, losing to the incumbent Silvio Conte; they returned to the Governor's Council after the 1978 election and remained in office until their death in 2004.
Shannon's mother is named Ann. Shannon has four siblings: Erin, a clerk at the West Roxbury District Court; Gaelan, a court officer in the Northampton District Court; Tara, a former employee at Boston City Hall; and Michael, who runs the family funeral home in Easthampton.
O'Brien was born in Boston, Massachusetts. They graduated from Yale University in 1981, where they were captain of the Yale Bulldogs varsity women's soccer team. They graduated from the Boston University School of Law in 1985.
Career
Politics
O'Brien worked for a large Boston law firm before their father alerted them to an open seat in the state legislature, which they won.
O'Brien served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1987 through 1993, and in the Massachusetts Senate from 1993 through 1995. While a state legislator they authored a law that increased penalties for crimes against children such as abuse and neglect.
They were the Massachusetts state treasurer from 1999 through 2003, winning the office in the Massachusetts general election, 1998, after losing in their first attempt for that office in Massachusetts general election, 1994 and subsequently working as a vice president for external affairs at a health-care company. They were the first woman to be elected in Massachusetts to statewide office by their own accord. They came into the office after it had suffered a major embezzlement scandal, and they tightened controls over the funds involved. While serving as State Treasurer, they restructured the lottery commission and the Abandoned Properties Division in Massachusetts, gaining acclaim for returning dormant funds to the residents of the state. They also refinanced state debt and in doing so saved about $500 million. In dealing with the near-infamous Big Dig project in Boston, which became the most expensive highway project in U.S. history, they forced public disclosure of a $2 billion cost overrun.
They won the Democratic gubernatorial primary in 2002, defeating State Senate President Thomas Birmingham, former Democratic National Committee and American Israel Public Affairs Committee chair Steven Grossman, former United States Secretary of Labor Robert Reich, and former nominee for lieutenant governor Warren Tolman. In this action they became the first woman to win a major party nomination for governor in the Commonwealth. In the general election they garnered 45 percent of the vote to Mitt Romney's 50 percent.
Later career
Following their defeat in 2002, O'Brien joined Boston-area local television station WLVI as a consumer advocate. They left the station in 2005 to head the Boston Area Girl Scouts, and as such is the CEO of the Patriot's Trail Girl Scout Council covering Greater Boston.
In January 2014 OIKOS Software appointed O'Brien to its board of directors.
In August 2022, State Treasurer and Receiver General Deb Goldberg appointed O'Brien as Chair of the Cannabis Control Commission.
Personal life
O'Brien lives in Massachusetts with their husband, former state representative Emmet Hayes, and children.
Electoral history
2002 election for Governor
Mitt Romney (R), 49.8%
Shannon O'Brien (D), 44.9%
Jill Stein (G), 3.5%
Carla Howell (L), 1.1%
Barbara Johnson (I), 0.7%
References
External links
|-
1959 births
American women lawyers
Boston University School of Law alumni
Living people
Massachusetts Democrats
Massachusetts state senators
Members of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
Politicians from Boston
State treasurers of Massachusetts
Women state legislators in Massachusetts
Yale Bulldogs
Yale University alumni
20th-century American women politicians
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
21st-century American politicians
Sergiyevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Markushevskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 143 as of 2002.
Geography
Sergiyevskaya is located 51 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Brusenets is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Eugenia Dunlap Potts (April 14, 1840 - February 29, 1912) was a writer in Lancaster, Kentucky. They owned and edited the Illustrated Kentuckian. They wrote poetry and historical works. Potts was recognized by the State of Kentucky for their contributions as a Kentucky author with a plaque outside the site of their former home.
Early life and education
Potts was born in Lancaster, Kentucky, the daughter of lawyer and statesman George W. Dunlap and Nancy (Nannie) E. Jennings. They graduated from the Franklin Female Institute in Lancaster. They also attended a finishing school in Philadelphia, where they studied music and French.
Career
Them "Song of Lancaster" was described as a "metrical history after the style of Hiawatha". Longfellow corresponded with them approvingly about it. They also wrote the essay "Women's Work in Kentucky".
In May 1892, Potts joined a new monthly publication focused on "literature, education and art", called the Illustrated Kentuckian. The paper was managed by a journalist from New York, Ben La Bree; Potts joined the editorial staff, and was responsible for the "belles lettres and social features". The paper was eventually.relocated to Louisville and became the Illustrated South.
Personal life
Potts was a member of the United Daughters of the Confederacy. They served as a state officer for its Kentucky branch, and as a delegate from its Lexington chapter to the seventh annual convention of the organisation in 1900. They were a member of the Episcopal Church.
They married Major Richard Potts, a surgeon who served in first the U.S. Army and then in the Confederate Army. They had one son, named George Dunlap Potts, who was born in Montgomery, Alabama, in 1865. They became a widow.
Bibliography
Historic Papers on the Causes of the Civil War
Song of Lancaster, Kentucky; To the statesmen, soldiers, and citizens of Garrard county (1874)
Idle hour stories / Stories for Children (1909)
The old South (1909)
A collection of four papers, The old South, Slavery, Secession, The Southern Confederacy
A Kentucky girl in Dixie: a diary
Journal of the daily life, travels and war-time experiences of the author, wife of a surgeon in the Confederate armyHistoric homes of Lancaster, Kentucky''
References
External links
1840 births
1912 deaths
19th-century American Episcopalians
19th-century American poets
19th-century American women writers
20th-century American Episcopalians
20th-century American poets
20th-century American women writers
Members of the United Daughters of the Confederacy
People from Lancaster, Kentucky
The One That Got Away is an American dating reality television series hosted by singer-songwriter Betty Who. It premiered on Amazon Prime Video on June 24, 2022.
Summary
The series follows six single people searching for their soulmate. It gives them the opportunity to reconnect with their missed connections, as each participant gets to interact with people from their pasts through a device called "The Portal".
Elan Gale serves as showrunner and executive producer, with Caroline Roseman and Gabe Turner also executive producing.
Cast
Betty Who
Allyssa Anderson
Jeffrey Perla
Ashley Algarin
Kasey Ma
Nigel Sydnor
Vince Xu
Release
The official trailer was released on June 8, 2022. All 10 episodes of the series premiered on Amazon Prime Video on June 24, 2022.
References
External links
2020s American television series
2022 American television series debuts
English-language television shows
Amazon Prime Video original programming
American dating and relationship reality television series
Television series by Amazon Studios
Lowell Thomas Jr. (October 6, 1923 – October 1, 2016) was an American politician and film producer who collaborated with their father, the accomplished reporter and author Lowell Thomas, on several projects before becoming an Alaskan state senator in the early 1970s, and later the third lieutenant governor of Alaska (1974–1978).
In the 1980s, they owned and operated Talkeetna Air Taxi, an Alaska bush flying service.
Early life
Thomas was born on October 6, 1923 in London, England. They were the son of Americans, Lowell Thomas Sr., a prominent writer, broadcaster, and traveler, and Frances "Fran" (née Ryan) Thomas.
They graduated from the Taft School in 1942 and went on to Dartmouth College, where they were a brother of the Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity (Phi chapter), before joining the United States Army Air Corps.
In 2011, The Taft School honored them with the Horace D. Taft Alumni Medal and Citation of Merit.
Career
In 1949, Thomas and their father were invited by the Tibetan government to make a film there with the hope that their reports would help persuade the U.S. government to defend Tibet against the Chinese. The trip lasted 400 days, and the father and son were the last Westerners to reach Lhasa before the Chinese invasion and occupation. CBS did not broadcast the resultant film, Expedition to Lhasa, Tibet, until years later, but their book about the expedition, Out of This World, published in 1950 became a bestseller.
In 1960, after the 14th Dalai Lama of Tibet was given refuge in India, they wrote the book The Silent War in Tibet. "Mr. Thomas describes the brutal Chinese Communist invasion of Tibet beginning in 1950..." and about the armed Tibetan resistance by citizens and lamas which began in the mid 1950s. They told the Anchorage Daily News, "I guess it was the greatest adventure I ever had." In 2006, the Dalai Lama bestowed the International Campaign for Tibet's Light of Truth Award on Lowell Jr and referred to them as "one of the grandfathers of modern day Tibet."
In 1954, Thomas and wife Mary Taylor Pryor, known as "Tay", flew a Cessna 180 around much of the world, logging over 50,000 miles. They wrote about it in their book Our Flight to Adventure.
Move to Alaska
The Thomases moved to Alaska in 1958 where they would remain for the remainder of their lives. After their political career, Thomas returned to flying, owning and operating Talkeetna Air Taxi and flying a Helio Courier for research and documentary work as well as flying climbers to and from Denali's Kahiltna Glacier and in the Alaska Range. They remained an active pilot into their 80s.
Among other appearances, in 1958 they appeared as a guest challenger on the TV panel show To Tell the Truth. In 1962, they narrated a children's recording, "The Story of Mr. Globe" which was produced by Replogle Globe, Inc in Chicago, Illinois.
From January 1967 until December 1974, they represented District E in the Alaska Senate as a Republican. They left the State Senate to become the 3rd lieutenant governor of Alaska under Governor Jay Hammond.
Long a resident of Alaska, they were known for their interest in the now-defunct Naval Arctic Research Laboratory based in Barrow, Alaska, currently the home of Iḷisaġvik College. Much as their father had done they ventured into the harsh environment of the ice islands where research was done by scientists on the Arctic Ocean and its atmosphere including the Auroras. They published their adventure in National Geographic in 1965 as well as numerous other productions and publications, including a movie on king crab in the Aleutian Islands.
Legacy and awards
The Thomases were generous philanthropists, and were involved in the building of the biathlon training facility above Girdwood, the Thomas Planetarium at the Anchorage Museum, and the Thomas Center for Senior Living at St. Mary's Episcopal Church where they and Tay were long-time members and supporters.
In 1995, they were awarded a lifetime achievement award by the National Parks Conservation Foundation, and in 2004 the Alaska Conservation Foundation awarded them with a lifetime achievement award as well. In 2001, they were awarded the first ever Bruce F. Vento Public Service Award by the National Park Trust.
References
External links
Lowell Thomas at 100 Years of Alaska's Legislature
1923 births
2016 deaths
Alaska Republicans
Alaska state senators
American film producers
United States Army personnel of World War II
Aviators from Alaska
Bush pilots
Businesspeople from Anchorage, Alaska
Dartmouth College alumni
Lieutenant Governors of Alaska
Politicians from Anchorage, Alaska
British emigrants to the United States
People from Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska
Taft School alumni
United States Army Air Forces soldiers
Military personnel from Alaska
Writers from Anchorage, Alaska
Tibet
Lhasa
14th Dalai Lama
Braunston and Willoughby railway station was a station on the former Great Central Main Line. It served the small village of Willoughby which it was located next to, and the larger but more distant village of Braunston. The station opened with the line on 15 March 1899.
History
The station was one of the standard island platform design typical of the London Extension, though here it was the less common "embankment" type reached from a roadway (the A45 Coventry to Daventry road), that passed beneath the line.
The station was situated close to the village of Willoughby, Warwickshire, and was originally known as Willoughby for Daventry although Daventry itself was some five miles to the south east in Northamptonshire and already had a station of its own on another line (the London & North Western branch line from to ). Braunston, also in Northamptonshire, lay between the two, some two miles away and also served by the same LNWR branch that ran through Daventry, but it was Braunston that was found to be providing the new Great Central station with the bulk of its usage. This was reflected in a renaming on 1 January 1904 to Braunston and Willoughby for Daventry (the for Daventry was eventually dropped in 1938).
Braunston and Willoughby station closed to passengers and goods on 1 April 1957 and the line itself closed on 5 September 1966. The station buildings had already been removed in 1961-2 although the platform remained for a while longer. Today there is little left to see at the site. The twin bridges over the A45 have been removed and the abutment walls substantially lowered. The stationmaster's house remains, however. A short distance to the south of the station was the 13-arch Willoughby Viaduct crossing the River Leam: this viaduct has now gone.
The other line passing through the area - the former LNWR Weedon to Leamington Spa branch line, via Daventry, closed on 15 September 1958.
Route
References
External links
Warwickshire Railways entry on this station
Disused railway stations in Warwickshire
Former Great Central Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1899
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1957
1899 establishments in England
1957 disestablishments in England
Tankaman (, also Romanized as Tankamān and Tangemān) is a city in Tankaman Rural District, Tankaman District, Nazarabad County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,742, in 1,226 families.
References
Populated places in Nazarabad County
Cities in Alborz Province
Janusz Wawrowski (born March 22, 1982 in Konin, Poland) is a Polish violinist, lecturer at the Chopin University of Music in Warsaw, and director of multiple violin festivals.
Biography
Wawrowski began playing the violin at the age of 6. They attended the Henryk Wieniawski Music School in Poznań and went on to study at the Chopin University of Music in Warsaw. In their younger life Wawrowski was the student of Mirosław Ławrynowicz, Yair Kless, and Salvatore Accardo. Janusz Wawrowski has performed as a soloist at concerts in the Berlin Philharmonic, Musikverein in Vienna, National Philharmonic in Warsaw, Lithuanian National Philharmonic in Vilnius, Moscow State Tchaikovsky Conservatory in Moscow, Tel Aviv Music Center, Teatro Teresa Carreno in Caracas, and the Stuttgart Philharmonic.
Throughout their career they have collaborated with conductors such as Conrad van Alphen, Łukasz Borowicz, Gabriel Chmura, Mykola Diadiura, Agnieszka Duczmal, Jacek Kaspszyk, Jerzy Maksymiuk, Tomáš Netopil, Juozas Domarkas, Daniel Raiskin, and Antoni Wit.
In 2013 Wawrowski defended their doctoral dissertation in musical arts at the Chopin University of Music in Warsaw.  They are currently a lecturer at this university in the department of instrumental studies.
Wawrowski is the director of violin competitions such as Muzyka na Szczytach in Zakopane (2009-2010) and Muzyczne Przestrzenie in Greater-Poland (since 2011).
Wawrowski plays on the first and only Polish-owned Stradivarius since the Second World War. The violin, named Polonia, was gifted to them by Polish business magnate Roman Ziemian. The instrument is said to have been built in1685, and is one of Antonio Stradivari's best preserved violins which are still in use today. In an interview, Wawrowski stated that Polonia was purchased for around 20 million PLN (about 5 million €).
Awards
In recognition of their achievements in music Wawrowski was awarded with the title of Meritorious for Polish Culture, by the Polish Ministry of Culture and National Heritage in 2015. Throughout their career they have received many scholarships from the Polish Ministry of Culture.
Wawrowski has participated in many local and international violin competitions. In 1996 they received the 1st place award at the Polish National Contest for Young Violinist's in Lublin as well as the 2nd place award in the International Violin Competition im. Rodziny Grobliczów in Kraków. Wawrowski won the 3rd place award twice, at the International Competition for Young Violinists in Kloster Schoental, Germany in 1997, and the 3rd place award at the Louis Spohr International Competition for Young Violinists in Freiburg, Germany in 2000. In 2006 they claimed the 3rd place prize at the International Violin Competition dedicated to David Oistrakh in Odessa, Ukraine.
Wawrowski is a two-time recipient of the Polish Fryderyk music award. They were awarded their first Fryderk in 2017 for their album Sequenza and the second in 2019 for Hidden Violin. Sequenza was later nominated for the International Classical Music Awards in 2018.
Discography
2007: Niccolò Paganini: 24 Caprices Op. 1 (CD Accords)
2016: Niccolò Paganini: 24 Caprices Op. 1 (reissue by Warner Classics)
2016: Sequenza: Luciano Berio, Bjarne Brustad, Grażyna Bacewicz, Krzysztof Penderecki, Eugène Ysaÿe, Tomasz Opałka, and Dariusz Przybylski (Warner Classics)
2017: Brillante with Stuttgart Philharmonic Orchestra: Wieniawski's Violin Concerto No. 2, Max Bruch's Scottisch Fantasy (Warner Classics)
2019: Hidden Violin with José Gallardo: Henryk Wieniawski, Grażyna Bacewicz, Karol Szymanowski, Ignacy Paderewski, and Mieczysław Karłowicz (Warner Classics)
References
External links
Janusz Wawrowski's Official Page
Janusz Wawrowski's Youtube Channel
Chopin University of Music alumni
Recipients of the Decoration of Honor Meritorious for Polish Culture
Polish music educators
Chopin University of Music faculty
Polish classical violinists
1982 births
People from Konin
Living people
The Mauritius women's national football team is the first women's association football team that represents the country of Mauritius. They are controlled by the Mauritius Football Association and are members of FIFA, the Confederation of African Football (CAF), and the Council of Southern Africa Football Associations (COSAFA). The development of women's football in the country and in Africa as a whole faces a number of challenges, with a programme for women's football not being created in the country until 1997. FIFA gives money to the Mauritius Football Association, 10% of which is aimed at developing football in the country in areas that include women's football, sport medicine and futsal.
History
In 1985, very few countries had a women's national football team and Mauritius was no exception, with a women's football programme only being established in the country in 1997. Their first match was against Réunion on 3 June 2012 in Saint-Denis. This match ended in a 3–0 defeat. A return match was planned for July 2012 in Mauritius, but this was put back to November 2012. The match was played in Bambous on 25 November 2012, with Réunion winning again, this time by 2 goals to 1.
Mauritius was scheduled to take part in several competitions, which they ended up withdrawing from before playing a single match. The list includes the 2002 Council of Southern Africa Football Associations (COSAFA) women's tournament in Harare, Zimbabwe from which they withdrew. In 2005, Zambia was supposed to host a regional COSAFA women's football tournament, with several countries agreeing to send teams including South Africa, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Malawi, Seychelles, Mauritius, Madagascar, Zambia, Botswana, Namibia, Lesotho and Swaziland. The tournament eventually took place in 2006, but Mauritius did not send a team. Beyond that, they were scheduled to participate in the 2008 Women's U-20 World Cup qualification, where they were scheduled to play Zimbabwe in the preliminary round; however, Zimbabwe withdrew from the competition giving Mauritius an automatic bye into the first round. In that round Mauritius was supposed to play South Africa, but withdrew from the competition.
They took part in the 2019 COSAFA Women's Championship, losing all three matches in their group.
, the head coach was Alain Jules. As of March 2012, the team was not ranked in the world by FIFA, as it had not yet participated in any matches against other FIFA members. By June 2020, they were bottom of the FIFA rankings.
Recruitment and organisation
Women's football in Africa as a whole faces several challenges, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental gender inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. Another problem with the development for the national team, one faced throughout the continent, is if quality female football players are found, many leave the country seeking greater opportunity in Northern Europe or the United States.
Women's football was formally established in Mauritius in 1997. As of 2009, there was no national or regional women's competition but a school competition existed. There are 17 clubs for women over the age of 16 and four youth clubs in the country. The country has three national women's football teams: senior, under-15, and under-19. In the period between 2002 and 2006, none of them played even one international match. 10% of the money from the FIFA Financial Assistance Programme (FAP) is targeted at the technical development of the game, which includes women's football, sport medicine and futsal. This compares to 15% for men's competitions and 4% for youth football development. Between 1991 and 2010 in Mauritius, there was no FIFA FUTURO III regional course for women's coaching, no women's football seminar held in the country and no FIFA MA course held for women/youth football.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
2022
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Manager history
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the 2022 COSAFA Women's Championship on 24 August 2022.
Caps and goals correct as of 7 July 2022
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to a Mauritius squad in the past 12 months.
INJ Player withdrew from the squad due to an injury.
PRE Preliminary squad.
SUS Player is serving a suspension.
WD Player withdrew for personal reasons.
Previous squads
COSAFA Women's Championship
2022 COSAFA Women's Championship squad
Records
*Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 31 August 2021.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
African Games
COSAFA Women's Championship
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
See also
Sport in Mauritius
Football in Mauritius
Mauritius men's national football team
References
External links
Mauritius at the FIFA.com
Mauritius at CAFonline.com
Mauritius Fixtures and Results – Soccerway.com
African women's national association football teams
Tillandsia moscosoi is an epiphyte in the genus Tillandsia. It is endemic to the Dominican Republic. It has pale lavender flowers.
Cultivars
Tillandsia 'Summer Dawn'
References
moscosoi
Flora of the Dominican Republic
Plants described in 1955
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Grup Munzur is a Turkish band known for their protest songwriting and some of the group members were arrested and tried for their artistic activities. Grup Munzur was founded in 1992 in İzmir. Grup Munzur has yearly performed at Munzur Doğa ve Kültür Festivali in Tunceli Province. Musicians of Grup Munzur are known of their sympathy to the maoist movement.
Discography
Albums
1993 - Babanın Türküsü
1995 - Hep Birlikte
1997 - Tutuşturun Geceleri
2000 - Beklenen Uzak Değil
2003 - Bahara Çağrı
2008 - Kızıl Anka
2010 - Haykırış
2016 - Hava Kurşun Gibi Ağır
See also
Bandista
Grup Yorum
References
External links
Grup Munzur official website
Turkish musical groups
Culture in İzmir
Musical groups established in 1985
Folk music groups
Folk rock groups
Maoism in Turkey
Political music groups
1985 establishments in Turkey
Maria Margarita Amada Fteha Isidro (born July 20, 1966), known professionally as Agot Isidro, is a Filipino actor.  They are the fourth of the six children of Jose Isidro, an architect, and Palestinian mother Edwarta Fteha. They graduated from the University of the Philippines Diliman with a bachelor's degree in interior design. Isidro also pursued Fashion Buying and Merchandising at Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City, where they graduated as magna cum laude. They also have a master's degree in communication from the Ateneo de Manila University.
Isidro started as a back-up singer together with their sisters Olive Cruz and Tina Isorena in The Sharon Cuneta Show. They were urged by Johnny Manahan or Mr. M to fill in for then pregnant Melissa de Leon in the noon time show 'Sang Linggo nAPO Sila. They were like a breath of fresh air and people started noticing her, hence, the moniker "Crush ng Bayan" or "the people's crush" and also as the "Julia Roberts of the Philippines".  They are best known for their role as Ingrid Martinez, the main villainess in the 2009 hit television series, Tayong Dalawa. They then played kind-hearted roles.
In 2012, they transferred to GMA Network and signed an exclusive contract in Kapuso Network, their first major project was the television series of GMA Network entitled, One True Love where in they played Leila Samonte, the bitter and scheming doctor who made Elize and Tisoy lives miserable. They later returned to their original home network, ABS-CBN, as a freelancer in 2013 through a comeback project via Muling Buksan ang Puso, starring Julia Montes, Enrique Gil and Enchong Dee while also being seen in GMA-7's Titser. Isidro played a supporting role as Marian Rivera's mother in Carmela on GMA Network but immediately started doing projects with ABS-CBN after the show ended.
Early life
Isidro grew up in Marikina along with their parents and siblings.  They are the youngest among the girls and considered themselves as "daddy's girl". Growing up, they never saw themselves as beautiful because of their ethnic features as a child. Isidro was skinny, dark-skinned, black hair, and has knobby knees compared to their siblings who were light-skinned and brown-haired. Because of their looks, they were teased a lot by their siblings and relatives, which left them emotionally scarred.
After graduating from college in UP Diliman, they left home and pursued a degree in Fashion Buying and Merchandising in the prestigious Fashion Institute of Technology in New York City. New Yorkers were fascinated by their ethnic features, which gave Isidro a boost of confidence and self-esteem. Living alone, they felt homesick and struggled to make ends meet with their allowance given by their parents. However, Isidro was determined to prove that they could live alone in the Big Apple. They focused on school and graduated magna cum laude.
When they entered show business at age 25, they were like a breath of fresh air to the Filipino audience. Them beauty and talent stood out and was given the title as "crush ng bayan" or "people's crush" because of their girl-next-door persona. Isidro continued to rise as a talent and was given numerous projects including recording albums, movies, television, and theater. Up to this date, they are considered to be one of the most beautiful women and best dressed celebrities in the Philippines.
TV commercial
Century Tuna featuring Korina Sanchez and Dina Bonnevie (June 1995)
Filmography
Film
Television/Digital
Music video appearances
Theater
Isidro made their theatrical debut in August 2003 with Honk!, a musical inspired by Hans Christian Andersen's "The Ugly Duckling." Isidro played Ida, the mother of the "ugly duckling" played by Rajo Laurel. The musical was under Trumpets Production and was directed by Chari Arespacochaga. Honk! was held at the Meralco Theater on August 1 till September 7, 2003.
After their Honk! debut, Isidro starred in Atlantis Production's "Baby The Musical" in August 2004. They played Pam Sakarian, a basketball coach in their 30s opposite Jett Pangan, who played their husband Nick Sakarian. The story involves the couple's struggle to conceive after being married for two years. The couple found out that Pam was pregnant but later realized that it was the wrong Mrs. Sakarian, Nick's sister-in-law. The play was directed by Bobby Garcia and was held at the Meralco Theater.
Discography
1993 Sa Isip Ko
1995 Hush
1996 The Best of Agot Isidro
1997 Winds Of Change
1999 Best in Me
2006 The Island
2006 Silver Series
2009 White Lace and Promises
2015 (soon) Ikaw Parin
Singles
"Everyday" (1994)
"Sa Isip Ko"
"Beginning Today"
"Sandali na Lang"
"Loving You"
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
20th-century Filipino actores
20th-century Filipino women singers
21st-century Filipino actores
GMA Network personalities
Actresses from Metro Manila
Ateneo de Manila University alumni
Filipino film actores
Filipino musical theatre actores
Filipino people of Palestinian descent
Filipino television actores
Filipino women comedians
People from Marikina
PolyEast Records artists
Singers from Metro Manila
University of the Philippines Diliman alumni
Viva Artists Agency
Viva Records (Philippines) artists
A community of interest, or interest-based community, is a community of people who share a common interest or passion. These people exchange ideas and thoughts about the given passion, but may know (or care) little about each other outside this area. Participation in a community of interest can be compelling, entertaining and create a community where people return frequently and remain for extended periods. Frequently, they cannot be easily defined by a particular geographical area.
In other words, "a community of interest is a gathering of people assembled around a topic of common interest. Its members take part in the community to exchange information, to obtain answers to personal questions or problems, to improve their understanding of a subject, to share common passions or to play." In contrast to a spatial community, "a 'community of interest' is defined not by space, but by some common bond (e.g. feeling of attachment) or entity (e.g. farming, church group)."
"Online communities" connect to communities of interest in that often, they develop out of interests in a particular topic. A benefit of online communities over place-based communities is that of non-physical access to group involvement.
See also
Community of action
Community of circumstance
Community of practice
Community of innovation
Commure
References
Further reading
External and shareable artifacts as opportunities for social creativity in communities of interest
Communities of Interest: Learning through the Interaction of Multiple Knowledge Systems
Interest
Groesfaen Colliery Platform railway station served the workers at Groesfaen Colliery near the town of Bargoed, Caerphilly, Wales on the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway. The site of the platform does not appear on OS maps and the station was only for workers at the nearby colliery. Nothing remains of the platform or colliery and the station site has since been reused by the A469.
The station was considered for closure before formulation of the Beeching cuts report The Reshaping of British Railways, and was closed before the publication of that report in March 1963.
References
Footnotes
Sources
External links
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1926
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1962
1926 establishments in Wales
1962 disestablishments in Wales
Former Great Western Railway stations
is a Japanese singer and actor. They were born as Akiko Yasuda ( in Kiryū, Gunma, Japan and raised in Yokohama. They started their singing career with their older sister Sachiko as a child singer. In 1965 they debuted with the single "Hitchhike Musume (Hitchhiking girl)" on King Records (Japan) as Akiko Yasuda.
History
In 1969, Saori Yuki had a hit with "Yoake no Scat (Scat at dawn)", which sold 2 million units in two months, stayed at the top spot for 10 weeks and in the top ten for four months. The song's success led them to appear at the NHK's Kōhaku Uta Gassen, the annual year-end music show (after that, they continued to appear consecutively up until 1978). In 1970, the single "Tegami (The Letter)" peaked at No. 1 and was the second best-selling single in Japan of 1970. For "Tegami", they won the vocal award at the 12th Japan Record Awards. They received the Best Vocalist Award at the 15th Japan Record Awards for their hit "Koibumi (Love Letter)".
They quickly became a popular TV personality, appeared on a number of variety shows, and acted in several movies. They received the Award of Outstanding Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in Japan Academy Prize in 1983 for their role of Chikako Numata, a mother of two difficult sons in The Family Game.
In 1985, they started appearing on stage with their sister, Sachiko. They toured around Japan with their specialty of Japanese children's songs and received the Best Planning Award in 28th Japan Record Awards for their hit album Ano-toki, Kono-uta (あの時・この歌 ("Those Times, These Songs"). Their repertoire was not limited to children's songs, but also included pop, classical, and anime songs.
In 2009, they released their first original album since 1984, commemorating the 40th anniversary of their singing career as Saori Yuki. A collaboration album with Pink Martini titled 1969 was released in November 2011 in more than 20 countries, and quickly gained popularity in various places including the United States, Canada, Singapore and Greece. They also appeared as guest soloist on Pink Martini's festive album, Joy to the World, singing the Japanese language version of "White Christmas".
In 2012, Saori Yuki won the US Billboard Publisher's Award.
Filmography
The Family Game (1983) – Chikako Numata, the mother
Blue Heaven wo Kimi ni (2020)
Discography
As Akiko Yasuda:
Hitchhike Musume (1965)
Doko ni iruno Papa? (1965)
O-wakare no Namida (1965)
Furusato no Bokujō (1966)
Kuore no Uta
Roman "Uki Uki"
As Saori Yuki:
Yoake no Scat (1969) (#1)
Tenshi no Scat (1969) (#15)
Kareha no Machi (1969) (#29)
Suki yo (1970)
Tegami (1970) (#1)
Cleopatra no Namida (1970)
Ikigai (1970) (#6)
Kono Ai o Eien ni (1971) (#57)
Otoko no Kokoro (1971) (#80)
Valerie/Tōsui no Waltz (1971)
Hatsukoi no Oka (1971) (#68)
Tsuchi ni Kaeru made (1972)
Furusato (1972)
Rindō no Hana (1972) (#64)
Room Light (1973) (#23)
Koibumi (1973) (#32)
Hakata Ningyō ni Yosete (1973)
Haru no Arashi (1974) (#67)
Michiko (1974)
Banka (1974) (#15)
Kisetsufū (1975) (#68)
Sayonara no Hashirigaki (1975)
Bojō (1975)
Katachi-bakari no Kōfuku (1976)
Tsukanoma no Ame (1976)
Kokoromochi Kimagure (1976)
Furari Furarete (1976) (#38)
U・Fu・Fu (1977)
Yarinaoshitai no (1977)
Garasu no Hibi (1978)
Tokyo Babylon (1978)
Ai o Kirifuda ni Shite (1979)
Aishita mou Koto na Kare (1979)
Tasogare Tapestry (1980)
Otoko Tomodachi (1980)
Kanashii Akuma (1980)
Ryōgokubashi (1981)
Atsumi Chihō no Komori-uta (1981)
Adieu (1982)
Straight (1982)
Single Night (1983)
Konomama ga Ii no (1984)
TOKYO Waltz (1984)
Kiyari Sodachi (1985)
O-saki ni dōzo (1987) (#62)
Yagurumasō〜Yumeji no Onna〜 (1988)
Kokoro no Ieji (1988)
Yurayura (1988)
HIROSHIMA (1989, with Sachiko Yasuda)
Nedoganse (1990, with Sachiko Yasuda)
Akai Hoshi Aoi Hoshi (1995)
Koimatsuri (1996)
Suite Waltz no Nagareru Kawa ni (1998)
Yume Mousukoshi (1998)
Yorimichi (1999)
Toruko-kōshinkyoku (1999, with Sachiko Yasuda)
Kono Hoshi no Doko ka de (2000, with Sachiko Yasuda)
Asakiyumemishi (2001)
Nijiiro no Sunadokei (2002, with Sachiko Yasuda)
Yotte Hizamakura (2002)
Saikai Love Song (2003)
Kisei (2003, with Sachiko Yasuda)
"Ryokka Fair・Image Song Taiyō Sanka" Who are you? (2005, with Sachiko Yasuda)
Izayoi no Tsuki (2005, with Sachiko Yasuda)
Kono Yo no Hate made Soba ni Ite (2006)
Komoro Waga Omoide (2006)
Shiawase no Canon〜Chapter 2〜 (2007)
Kisetsu no Ashioto (2011)
Ai da Toka (2013) (#145)
Watashi no Uta (2013)
Duet with Pink Martini :
1969, with Pink Martini (2011)
Honours
Order of the Rising Sun, 4th Class, Gold Rays with Rosette (2019)
References
External links
Saori Yuki official website
Yuki Saori& Yasuda Sachiko official website
1948 births
Living people
People from Kiryū, Gunma
People from Yokohama
Musicians from Kanagawa Prefecture
Japanese women singers
Musicians from Gunma Prefecture
Recipients of the Medal with Purple Ribbon
Universal Music Japan artists
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun, 4th class
Japanese actores
ATV: Quad Frenzy is a 2005 racing video game developed for the Nintendo DS by Skyworks Technologies and published by Majesco Entertainment. It was released for the Nintendo DS handheld games console on November 14, 2005 in North America, on June 16, 2006 in Europe and on October 25, 2007 in Australia. ATV: Quad Frenzy features five different game modes, which all center around ATV (all-terrain vehicle) racing which takes place in various environments. Reviews of the game were critical; the game garnered only a 35% aggregated score from Metacritic.
Gameplay
The ATV: Quad Frenzy game engine combines 3D graphics and a programming technique called a voxel. While at the time of the game's development the voxel was considered obsolete on the PC (its console of popularization), it was used in ATV: Quad Frenzy to create 3D graphics despite the DS's graphical limitations. Like most games on the DS, ATV: Quad Frenzy takes advantage of the console's dual screen nature: the top screen shows the player's quad bike (unobscured by any graphical overlays) while the bottom screen displays the heads-up display which provides the player with information such as the quad bike's current speed, the player's score and a lap counter.
Players can choose from six different ATV's which can be raced in five different game modes: Practice, Quick Race, Championship Race Circuit, Championship Style Circuit, and Head-to-Head. In Practice mode, players can race on any unlocked track so far, allowing them to practice their driving skills, while Quick Race provides the same only with computer-controlled opponents racing against the player. The Championship modes provide a career-progression gameplay style, allowing the player to obtain in-game currency (earned relating to race performance) which can be spent upgrading their ATV. In the Championship Style Circuit, stunts performed have an effect on race time, whilst in the Championship Race Circuit the player must come first or second to advance. Head-to-Head allows players to race against up to three other human players using the DS's wireless link, provided that all players own a copy of the game. All racing modes include a series of gates which must be passed through, and 25 different tracks are available to race on, offering a variety of terrains including "country backroads, swampy bogs, and slick, snowy tracks".
Reception
Reception for the game was poor. Though some praised the graphics and the in-game music, the game's user interface was widely criticized. GameSpot articulated its unhappiness with the sense of speed felt by players, calling it "practically nonexistent", and termed the trick system "clunky and incoherent". Its biggest criticism was reserved for the game's menu system, which it called "...one of the worst presentation setups we've seen in a long time. The main game menu is at once ugly and horrifically organized...". The review approved of the music, and some praise was afforded to the ATV graphical models.
The review from IGN echoed the praise of the game's graphics and, noting the good use of voxels, called the result "pretty darn nice". The IGN review panned the game's user interface, calling it a "chore to navigate and understand". The lack of a feeling of speed for players when racing was also noted. The reviewer concluded that despite reasonable gameplay and graphics, ATV: Quad Frenzy was "clearly shipped half-complete" due to its lackluster and cumbersome presentation.
VideoGamer took issue with the game's perceived extreme similarity to Monster Trucks DS, going so far as to call ATV: Quad Frenzy a "simple cut-and-paste job". The slow speed of the ATVs and concerns about the game's user interface were also raised, with the reviewer concluding that it was "quite disgraceful that they [ATV: Quad Frenzy and Monster Trucks DS] even made it onto store shelves."
References
2005 video games
Majesco Entertainment games
Nintendo DS games
Nintendo DS-only games
Off-road racing video games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Video games developed in the United States
Strongyloides westeri, commonly referred to as intestinal threadworm, is a species of small nematode parasite in the family Strongylidae. Strongyloides (from Greek strongylos, round, + eidos, resemblance) are commonly found in the small intestine of mammals (generally horses and monkeys, specifically foals), that are characterized by an unusual lifecycle (Larvae II, III) that involves one generation of free-living adult worms.
They preferably infest foals, in which they cause diarrhea and dermatitis.
Description
The species is a small thin hair-like nematode. The approximate size is between 8.0-9.0mm in length and 1.0mm thick. The infectious females are between 0,1 - 9.0 mm long. Their eggs are thin walled and oval. The eggs are approximately 40x30µm to 50x40µm small.
Habitat
The species prefers a warm and moist environment and is most likely to infest horses and monkeys, and particularly the proximal small intestines of foals. Their eggs can be found in the feces of fouls which are younger than two months ; larvae can be isolated in the milk of the mare from day five to day 45 postpartum; also can occur in liver, lungs and mammary tissue; Parasitic female of S. westeri can be found submucosa of anterior small intestine, in the lumen of intestine. Free living male S. westeri can occur in moist soil, sand, or sawdust with an acidic pH.
Life cycle
It is a representative of the Strongylidae family in equines, which occurs worldwide. This parasitosis is a typical disease for young animals, as the initial infection is mainly galactogenic. From the 80th day post partum onwards, a resistance is developed, so older animals would no longer contract the disease.
This is a typical parasitosis for stables, within the exogenous development of the larvae gets promoted through moist and warm environments.
Characteristic for the development of Strongyloides westeri is a generation transfer of its host.
The adult nematodes settle preferentially in the duodenum and jejunum and consist only of female worms, which reproduce parthenogenetically. Their eggs are excreted in the feces of the host animals, from which the rhabditiform larvae I hatch shortly. These can now either develop into the infectious larvae III via two moults, or develop into pre-sexual larvae, which become sexually mature animals and lay eggs exogenously. Then Larvae hatch from the eggs, which then develop into the infectious larvae III via two moults.
Larva III can survive without a host for up to 4 months and infect the host animals percutaneously. Within the initial infection, the nematode enters the lungs via the bloodstream and lymphatic pathways; from there it travels, due to coughing, through the trachea and pharynx into the digestive tract, where it colonises the small intestine within days. The prepatency of this tracheal migratory pathway is 9 days.
If the host animal is reinfected orally or percutaneously, it enters the mammary complex via the bloodstream and not the lungs. The mammary complex is considered the predilection site. The prepatency only takes 6 days. Reactivation of these larvae begins during pregnancy after which they are transferred to the foal via the colostrum.This excretion of the larvae within the mother's milk starts 2 to 4 days after foaling and lasts up to 7 weeks. Early infection treatments for foals can prevent the galaction infection altogether, but leads to disturbances in the development of their immunsystems. It also does not prevent the high risk of reinfection.
Symptoms
Strongyloides westeri commonly infect young foals, they are associated with small intestine enteritis resulting in diarrhea, the diarrhea could also be a result of intestinal pathogens. The diarrhea causes denuding of hair in the perianal area due to irritation caused by wet liquid feces. When infected percutaneously, skin infections, like dermatitis, and reactions resulting in itching and hyperactiveness are observed, in older foals swelling of the lower hind limb can occur. Foals may become emaciated, listless, and dehydrated from enteritis when heavily infected.
Coughing is only a short term effect during the migration of the S. westeri from the lung to the digestive system, the infection of the lung can result in excessive production of mucus or pneumonia.
Prevention and treatment
Deworming the mare during the last weeks of the pregnancy is an attempt to minimize lactogenic transmission, without full effectiveness. Another prevention attempt is environmental hygiene like removal of foal feces and usage of chemicals to keep the environment from getting too acidic, so that percutaneous transmission is reduced. On breeding farms foals are often dewormed at about two weeks of age, so that clinical diseases are avoided.
There are only two marketed equine anthelmintics with an efficacy against S. westeri. The two medications are called Oxibendazole and Ivermectin and both are used orally; for the treatment with Oxibendazole a dose of 15 milligrams per one kilogram body weight is needed; a smaller dose of Ivermectin is needed only two milligrams per one kilogram body weight.
References
Parasites
Strongylidae
Simonne Jones (born Simonne Michelle Jones in Los Angeles, California) is a producer, singer, composer, model and visual artist based in Berlin.
Early life
Simonne Jones was born and raised in Hollywood, California.  They are of Cherokee and Barbadian descent. Them maternal great-grandfather, Sir Frank Mortimer Maglinne Worrell, is an accomplished West Indies cricketer and senator. Simonne grew up playing the piano. They taught themselves to read music at age 3 and by age ten started composing music. As a young teen, Jones began to produce their own music while learning to become a multi-instrumentalist.
When Jones was 15, they graduated from high school by homeschooling herself. A year later, Elite Model Management signed Jones to a modeling contract at age 16. That same year, they moved across the country and began their college career at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County where they received their bachelor's degree in Biomedical research, and Visual arts with honors in 2008. While there, Jones pursued both scientific and artistic interests. These included being awarded a research grant to implement an HIV awareness program in Ghana and working for the Howard Hughes Medical Institute to conduct nuclear magnetic resonance imaging studies, and molecular cloning on mutated HIV-1 cells in an attempt to find a cure for the disease. They also debuted their first exhibition as a visual artist at Studio Art Center International (SACI) in Florence, Italy in 2007 and held their first solo exhibition as a painter in Manhattan.
Jones, after being accepted into medical school, changed their mind on a medical career and moved to Berlin to pursue a career in music. The Guardian wrote, "When faced with the decision between a career in science or music, they chose both.
Career
2012-2015: First steps in the music industry
Jones took their first steps as a professional musician when they were asked to perform at a Diesel show for Berlin fashion week in 2012. Jones was taken on as a protege by Peaches, who instilled artistic autonomy by encouraging them to engineer and produce recording sessions. They collaborated on the song Free Pussy Riot as a political protest to the imprisonment of the Russian performance artists Pussy Riot.
In 2013 Jones was photographed for the cover of Missy Magazine. That year they were accepted into the Red Bull Music Academy in New York City. During this time they were invited to compose and perform as a soloist with the ORSO philharmonic orchestra and choir in Freiburg, Germany conducted by Wolfgang Rose. Shortly after they scored and performed in the play Jedermann directed by Bastian Kraft, premiering at the prestigious Salzburg Festival, also making their acting debut playing the character Death. Jones performed their compositions in the play as a one-woman orchestra in China at Tianjin's Grand Theater, the Kurtheater Baden in Switzerland, the Theater Duisburg in Germany before the play moved to a residency at the Thalia Theater in Hamburg for the next 3 years. In 2014, they were invited to open for American rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars.
Jones completed a six-month artist residency at Berlin's art collective Platoon Kunsthalle where they constructed motion activated, MIDI-controlled, LED paintings exploring topics in physics and cosmology. They engineered them using open source computer controllers with their best friend, ArbitraryY, a software engineer in the aerospace industry. At the time Jones was involved in DIY audio performing with self-built midi controllers, synthesizers, LED costumes and complex loop machines. Jones also performs as a DJ, playing dark electronic music in nightclubs.
2015-present: Soundhunters, Rub and Gravity
Jones explored music as a spiritual ritual in the Brazilian Amazon during an immersive indigenous experience in Jean Michel Jarre's documentary Soundhunters in 2015 with the Guaraní people. They released the song "The Silver Cord" in an album curated by Jean Michel Jarre called Zoolook Revisited inspired by their 1984 Zoolook album.
Jones has written and produced for other artists including the song "Vaginoplasty" with Peaches and Vice Cooler for their Rub album. They make a cameo in the music video. Jones produced the remix "Sick in the Head" for the Rub Remixed album. Peaches also contributed a remix to Simonne's debut single as an exclusive premiere in Billboard magazine.
Jones gave several lectures about how the integration of science and art inform their artwork including at the inaugural Blue Dot Festival at the Jodrell Bank Observatory in Manchester and the Make Sound Festival in Leicester.
In 2016, they used gravitational wave audio from the collision of black holes form LIGO and collaborated with CERN using representations of real time particle collision data from the large hadron collider in the song "Alchemy".
On 27 May 2016 Jones released the debut single and music video for "Gravity" worldwide via Universal/Capitol Records.
In 2021, Jones performed as a vocalist on Sneaker Pimps' first album in nearly 20 years, Squaring the Circle.
Musical style and influences
Jones produces, records and writes most of their music and lyrics alone in their studio and describes their music style as dark pop. Them music has experimented with elements of pop, sythpop, dream pop, punk, alternative, baroque pop, electronica and electro. They use Pro Tools, Logic, Ableton and various analog synthesizers to produce.
Fusion described Jones' style, saying they "uses their background in scientific theory to write electro-pop songs that lyrically reference complex concepts like relativity and gravity while sounding both otherworldly and like a hymn you've always known."
Lena Dunham's newsletter Lenny Letter described, "Jones, who is a lover of science and a former biomedical researcher, cites their interest in concepts like the theory of relativity and other natural phenomena in their music as being fueled by their fascination with the "unknown mysteries of the universe."
Jones describes a production technique in Popular Science, "In Spooky Action I used sounds from a UK researcher who translates star pulses into audio waves to better understand them [...] I created a sound library where I can play the stars on a keyboard."
The music production software company Native Instruments released a Simonne Jones drum kit in the virtual instrument plug-in called Battery of sounds specific to their production style.
Them style has been compared to PJ Harvey, Nine-Inch Nails, Florence And The Machine and Grimes.
Discography
Singles
As a lead artist
As a featured artist or writer
As a producer
Awards and honors
Tours
Headlining
Sowo tour (Italy, 2013)
ORSO philharmonic (Germany 2013)
Untitled tour (Italy, 2015)
Thalia Theater tour (China, Germany, Austria, Switzerland, 2014-2016)
Supporting
Poliça (2012)
Thirty Seconds to Mars, Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams Tour (2013)
Peaches, Rub Tour (2016)
References
External links
simonnejones.com
1987 births
Living people
African-American women composers
21st-century American composers
Female models from California
Record producers from California
American women painters
African-American painters
American women record producers
American people of Barbadian descent
American people of Cherokee descent
21st-century women composers
21st-century African-American women singers
The prime minister of the Republic of Yemen is the head of government of Yemen.
Under the Constitution of Yemen, the prime minister is appointed by the President, and the former, as well as their Cabinet, must enjoy confidence from the House of Representatives.
The current prime minister of Yemen is Maeen Abdulmalik Saeed. They took office on 18 October 2018, after President Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi removed their predecessor, pro-Houthi Ahmed Obeid bin Dagher, from office.
See also
Cabinet of Yemen
Prime Minister of Yemen Arab Republic (North Yemen)
List of heads of government of Yemen
List of leaders of South Yemen
References
External links
World Statesmen - Yemen
Prime minister
Prime minister
Prime minister
Prime Minister
The 1972 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 42nd staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship. The championship began on 14 May 1972 and ended on 5 September 1971.
Cork were the defending champions.
On 4 September 1972, Kilkenny won the championship following an 8-7 to 3-9 defeat of Cork in the All-Ireland final. This was their 8th All-Ireland title and their first in ten championship seasons.
Results
Leinster Minor Hurling Championship
Leinster first round
Leinster second round
Leinster semi-finals
Leinster final
Munster Minor Hurling Championship
Munster first round
Munster semi-finals
Munster final
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
All-Ireland semi-finals
All-Ireland final
Championship statistics
Miscellaneous
Cork became the first team to win seven consecutive Munster Championship titles.
External link
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Alan Turner (born October 10, 1984) is a professional American and Canadian football wide receiver who is a free agent. They were signed by the New York Jets as an undrafted free agent in 2008. They played college football for the Southern Illinois Salukis.
Turner has also played for the Chicago Rush and Edmonton Eskimos.
References
1984 births
Living people
People from Normal, Illinois
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football wide receivers
American football wide receivers
Southern Illinois Salukis football players
New York Jets players
Edmonton Elks players
Chicago Rush players
Philadelphia Soul players
Randel Edward Vataha, (born December 4, 1948) is a former American football player, a wide receiver for seven seasons in the National Football League (NFL), the first six with the New England Patriots.
Early years
Born in Santa Monica, California, Vataha lettered in four sports at Rancho Alamitos High School in Garden Grove; they were a quarterback in football and graduated
College career
Vataha made the transition to wide receiver at Golden West Junior College in then transferred up the coast to Stanford of the Pacific-8 Conference in 1969 under head coach John Ralston and became one of quarterback Jim Plunkett's favorite receiving targets. As seniors in 1970, they connected on a 96-yard touchdown a Stanford record which stood until 1999 (by a 98-yard pass from Joe Borchard to Troy Walters).
At the end of that season, Vataha scored the last touchdown in Stanford's upset of #2 Ohio State in the Rose Bowl, a ten-yard pass from Plunkett with eight minutes both are members of the Stanford Athletic Hall of Fame. Plunkett won the Heisman Trophy and was the first pick of the 1971 NFL Draft; Stanford climbed to eighth in the final AP poll with a
Vataha was nicknamed "Rabbit" for their moves on the field and worked one summer at Disneyland in costume as one of the
NFL career
Vataha was selected in the 17th round of that NFL draft (418th overall) by the Los Angeles Rams. Released in training camp, they were signed as a free agent by the New England Patriots, where they were reunited with Plunkett. They were named to UPI's AFC all-rookie team in and played six seasons with the Patriots. Vataha caught 178 receptions for 3,055 yards. They also had 23 touchdown receptions while with the Patriots. They ended their career with the Green Bay Packers
Vataha, along with Stanley Morgan, was one of two wide receivers named to the New England Patriots 1970's All-Decade Team.
After football
After retiring from football, Vataha was a founding member of the United States Football League (USFL) in 1983, owning 50% of the Boston Breakers.  They are now the president of Game Plan LLC, a company that specializes in the buying and selling of professional
Currently, they are a recurring customer at the Sudbury, Massachusetts post office where they are much liked by the postal workers and other customers.
References
External links
Sports Reference – college football – Randy Vataha
1948 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Stanford Cardinal football players
New England Patriots players
Players of American football from Santa Monica, California
Green Bay Packers players
United States Football League executives
Toyozō, Toyozo or Toyozou (written: 豊蔵 or 豊三) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
(1894–1985), Japanese potter
(born 1937), Japanese judge
Japanese masculine given names
Jude Célestin (born June 19, 1962 in Port-au-Prince) is a Haitian politician who was one of two presidential candidates heading off to the second round in the 2015 presidential election race. After an education in Port-au-Prince, Célestin studied mechanical engineering in Switzerland. Before they were nominated as the presidential candidate for President René Préval's Unity (INITE) party, they were the executive director of the government's construction ministry, the National Center of Equipment.
2010 elections
Célestin ran as leader of LAPEH (Ligue Alternative pour le Progres et L'Émancipation Haïtienne). The first round of voting took place on November 28, and preliminary results showed law professor and former first lady Mirlande Manigat in first place, with 31.4 percent of the vote. Célestin came next, with 22.5 percent, and singer Michel Joseph Martelly took third place with 21.8 percent. Widespread riots and reports of election fraud followed the announcement of these results. In December, Martelly supporters set fire to the INITE headquarters, located in the Port-au-Prince suburb of Pétion-Ville. On February 3, INITE was forced to drop Célestin from the race. On 4 April 2011, a senior official announced that Michel Martelly won the presidential run-off election against candidate Mirlande Manigat. Their LAPEH party urges job creation, fighting juvenile delinquency and providing for thousands of homeless street children in Port-au-Prince.
References
External links
Government-Backed Candidate Out of Haiti's Election
Image: Haiti Election Vote Recount
1962 births
Candidates for President of Haiti
Living people
People from Port-au-Prince
Prilepec () is a village in Municipality of Prilep.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 9 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 9
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
"Hell on Wheels" or "Pilot" is the pilot and first episode of the first season of American television drama series of the same name, which premiered November 6, 2011, on AMC in the United States and on TCM in the UK. The episode was written by developers Tony Gayton and Joe Gayton, and directed by David Von Ancken. The pilot introduces the series' protagonist, Cullen Bohannon (Anson Mount), a former Confederate soldier whose quest for vengeance has led them to the Union Pacific Railroad's westward construction of the first transcontinental railroad.
The pilot episode was filmed entirely in Alberta, Canada, with assistance from the provincial government of Alberta's film-development program. "Hell on Wheels" garnered a 3.1 HH rating, attracting 4.4 million viewers (2.4 million, aged 18–49; 2.3 million, aged 25–54) to become the second highest series premiere in AMC's history. Critical reception of the pilot was mediocre. The Los Angeles Times said the show "gathers steam as it goes on," The Wall Street Journal called it "a bag of unpolished stones," and Variety pegged it as "a diluted, herky-jerky ride."<ref name="Lowry">Lowry, Brian. Hell on Wheels, Variety, November 3, 2011.</ref>
Plot
The series opens in the year 1865, shortly after the assassination of Abraham Lincoln. A young Union soldier (Tom Carey) enters a church in Washington, D.C. to confess their sins. Shortly after they begin, the priest asks the soldier about Meridian. The soldier, confused, asks the priest how they know about Meridian and is then shot dead by the priest, who exits the confessional to reveal that they are not a priest, but Cullen Bohannon (Anson Mount), a former Confederate soldier.
Meanwhile, Thomas "Doc" Durant gives an inspiring speech about building the Transcontinental Railroad to a group of prominent Americans, including Senator Jordan Crane (James D. Hopkin). Afterward, Durant reveals to Crane that, through the use of Durant's company, Crédit Mobilier, Durant will essentially pay themselves to build the railroad with government subsidies. Durant bribes Crane with shares in Crédit Mobilier to secure their assistance in this endeavor, ensuring Crane's support by threatening to route their railroad to exclude the Nebraska lands Crane owns, which would significantly lower their value.
Arriving at the Hell on Wheels encampment, Bohannon seeks work from Foreman Daniel Johnson (Ted Levine), and though Bohannon has no experience in railroad work, Johnson hires them as a "walking boss" after learning Bohannon had owned slaves before the Civil War. Johnson introduces Bohannon to the "cut crew" - the men who dig the trail for the rails to be laid in - which is predominantly black.
In a nearby river, the idealistic Reverend Cole (Tom Noonan) baptizes a young Native American, Joseph Black Moon (Eddie Spears). Afterward, the two ride into the Hell on Wheels camp, to set up their church.
Deep in the Nebraska Territory, surveyor Robert Bell (Robert Moloney) plots the railroad's path, with a small surveying team that includes their wife, Lily (Dominique McElligott). Robert urges Lily to return to Chicago, as they are entering hostile Cheyenne territory, but they are ill, and they refuse to leave him. The following day, they are attacked by a small group of Cheyenne, which slaughters all the surveyors (most of whom are unarmed) except Robert and Lily, who manage to escape. However, they are caught by one of the Native American braves, who kills Robert and wounds Lily. They kill the brave, in self-defense, and takes Robert's maps, which show the route through the Rocky Mountains discovered by the team, and flees into the woods. On their way to Hell on Wheels, Durant learns of Bell's death, which greatly complicates things.
While digging the cut, Willie, one of Bohannon's workers, almost collapses because of the heat. Elam Ferguson (Common) aids them to get drinking water, but before they can return to the cut, Johnson arrives on horseback. A nearby explosion startles the horse, which kicks Willie twice, killing him. Although the death was unintentional, Johnson tells their workers, "This is what happens when you break my rules."
After the day's work is finished, Bohannon visits Elam's tent. They find Elam sharpening a knife, intent on killing Johnson to avenge Willie's death. Bohannon tries to talk them out of it and later joins Johnson for a drink.
After they discuss the war, Bohannon asks Johnson if they have ever been to Meridian. Johnson responds by taking Bohannon hostage. Johnson tells Bohannon that they read of the Union soldier killed in Washington, DC by a Griswold revolver, and seeing Bohannon's Griswold when they hired him, coupled with Bohannon's mention of Meridian, confirmed their suspicions.
Johnson lets slip that Bohannon's wife was murdered; they did not commit suicide as the widower had thought. Rather, Johnson claims "the sergeant" strangled Bohannon's wife and hung them to cover up the murder, but Johnson refuses to grant Bohannon's request to name the sergeant. Elam appears and slits Johnson's throat, saving Bohannon but killing their chances learning the sergeant's identity.
Filming, cinematography, and environmentalism
Filming of the pilot took place between August 2010 and September 2010 on location in Calgary as well as in central and southern Alberta, Canada. The T'suu T'ina Native Indian Reservation, an Indian reserve in southern Alberta, was the location for most of the exteriors. The entire production team was mandated to preserve the environment in its wild state. They were also doing their part to protect the environment. "We were one of the first Canadian production companies to use the new Scenecronize System, which digitally distributes scripts and all production paperwork to the crew, network, studio and talent, cutting our photocopy usage down by 500,000 copies on the first season alone," producer Chad Oakes points out, adding that, after realizing that the crew consumed more than 25,000 bottles of water in the first half of the season, "We implemented water coolers and 'bring your own bottle to set' policy to cut down on our plastic bottle consumption."
Reception
Critical reception
The show was rated 63 out of 100 on Metacritic, based on 27 reviews, indicating mixed reviews.The Washington Post Hank Stuever rated the show highly, commenting, "Hands down, the most intriguing show on the fall slate. Though imbued with epic sweep, 'Hell on Wheels' is a western at heart, even if that heart is cold. Plenty of guns, knives, arrows, scalpings — mixed with the incendiary socio-psychological wounds left in the Civil War's wake."
Robert Lloyd of the Los Angeles Times says the show "takes its cues more from the movies than from life. Never, in the episodes I watched, did I feel as if I were actually seeing how a railroad got built, and sometimes it took a bit of squinting not to see the characters as actors in a field, reading lines. Still, for all the unlikely things [the creators] make happen in order to get their characters into place, and the dogged refusal of a couple of those characters to become interesting at all, the show gathers steam as it goes on."Wall Street Journal Nancy Dewolf Smith considers the episode "like a bag of unpolished stones... 'Hell on Wheels' finds enough beauty, danger and emotion to make some part of every episode seem fresh and worth waiting for. Not that new is always a good thing. Despite striking performances even in many of the smaller roles, the actors sometimes are made to symbolize very modern obsessions, e.g., with race and gender. The sight of modern sensibilities lurking behind the curtains can break ye olde spell."
Brian Lowry of Variety thinks: "while the diverse mix of characters could work to the program's advantage over the long haul, jumping to and fro among them creates a diluted, herky-jerky ride in the early going."
Viewership
The pilot premiered on November 6, 2011. It was watched by 4.4 million viewers - AMC's second-highest series premiere in history, following The Walking Dead. Among key demographics, the pilot episode delivered 2.4 million viewers in adults aged 18–49 and 2.3 million viewers aged 25–54, according to Nielsen. The total viewership bested network slot rivals CSI: Miami and Pan Am''.
References
External links
TV.com: Pilot
TV Guide: Hell on Wheels Pilot
2011 American television episodes
Hell on Wheels (TV series) episodes
American television series premieres
1898 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Harvard Crimson
Professional championships
Western Pennsylvania champions – Duquesne Country and Athletic Club
Events
The Morgan Athletic Club, which will eventually become Arizona Cardinals, is founded in Chicago and is the sport's oldest professional team.
3 December — the Western Pennsylvania All-Stars are defeated by the Duquesne Country and Athletic Club, 16–0, in the very first all-star game for professional football.
Association football
Belgium
Standard Liège was founded.
England
The Football League – Sheffield United 42 points, Sunderland 37, Wolves 35, Everton 35, Sheffield Wednesday 33, Aston Villa 33
FA Cup final – Nottingham Forest 3–1 Derby County at Crystal Palace, London.
Both the Football League First and Second Divisions are expanded from 16 to 18 teams in 1898, bringing the total number of League sides to 36. Additionally, the test match system is abandoned in favour of automatic relegation and promotion. There is no relegation from the First Division in 1898, Burnley and Newcastle United being promoted to increase the number of teams to 18. To increase the size of the Second Division, Burslem Port Vale is restored to the League; Barnsley, Glossop (1898–1915) and New Brighton Tower (1898–1901) are elected for the first time.
Italy
Formation of the Italian Football Federation (Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio or FIGC) in Turin. It is also known as Federcalcio.
Scotland
Scottish Football League – Celtic
Scottish Cup – Rangers 2–0 Kilmarnock at Hampden Park
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
Ronald J. MacDonald wins the second running of the Boston Marathon.
Australian rules football
VFL Premiership
Fitzroy wins the 2nd VFL Premiership: Fitzroy 5.8 (38) d Essendon 3.5 (23) at Junction Oval
Baseball
National championship
National League championship – Boston Beaneaters. This is Boston's fifth championship in eight years under manager Frank Selee.
Events
22 April — multiple no-hitters are thrown on the same day by two players: Ted Breitenstein and Jay Hughes.
Basketball
USA
23 April – The 23rd Street YMCA of New York City wins the first national basketball championship tournament, organized by the U.S. Amateur Athletic Union (AAU).
Boxing
Lineal world champions
World Heavyweight Championship – Bob Fitzsimmons
World Middleweight Championship – vacant → Tommy Ryan
World Welterweight Championship – Tommy Ryan → Ryan vacates title → "Mysterious" Billy Smith
World Lightweight Championship – George "Kid" Lavigne
World Featherweight Championship – Solly Smith → Dave Sullivan → George Dixon
World Bantamweight Championship – Jimmy Barry
Cricket
England
County Championship – Yorkshire
Minor Counties Championship – Worcestershire
Most runs – Bobby Abel 2053 @ 48.88 (HS 219)
Most wickets – Jack Hearne 222 @ 14.05 (BB 9–68)
Wisden Five Cricketers of the Year – Wilfred Rhodes, Bill Storer, Charlie Townsend, Albert Trott, William Lockwood
Australia
Sheffield Shield – Victoria
Most runs – Clem Hill 1196 @ 66.44 (HS 200)
Most wickets – Ernie Jones 76 @ 21.75 (BB 7–80)
India
Bombay Presidency – Parsees
South Africa
Currie Cup – Griqualand West
West Indies
Inter-Colonial Tournament – not contested
Figure skating
World Figure Skating Championships
World Men's Champion – Henning Grenander (Sweden)
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – Harry Vardon
U.S. Open – Fred Herd
Other tournaments
British Amateur – Freddie Tait
US Amateur – Findlay S. Douglas
Horse racing
Events
11 June — Willie Simms becomes the only African-American jockey to win all three races of the United States Triple Crown Races when they ride Sly Fox to victory in the Preakness Stakes.
England
Grand National – Drogheda
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Nun Nicer
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Disraeli
The Derby – Jeddah
The Oaks – Airs and Graces
St. Leger Stakes – Wildfowler
Australia
Melbourne Cup – The Grafter
Canada
Queen's Plate – Bon Ino
Ireland
Irish Grand National – Porridge
Irish Derby Stakes – Noble Howard
USA
Kentucky Derby – Plaudit
Preakness Stakes – Sly Fox
Belmont Stakes – Bowling Brook
Ice hockey
Stanley Cup
5 March — Montreal Victorias wins the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada (AHAC) championship and the Stanley Cup. It is the club's fourth AHAC championship in a row and second straight Cup title.
Events
10 December — first championship ice hockey league, the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada (AHAC) disbands over a dispute to allow a new member in its senior league. The Canadian Amateur Hockey League (CAHL) is formed to replace it, from the clubs seceding from AHAC.
Motor racing
Paris-Amsterdam-Paris Trail
The 1898 Paris–Amsterdam–Paris Trail is run on 7–13 July over 1431 km and won by Fernand Charron driving a Panhard-Levassor in a time of 33:04:34. The race is in retrospect sometimes referred to as the III Grand Prix de l'ACF.
Rowing
The Boat Race
26 March — Oxford wins the 55th Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby league
Events
Dewsbury RLFC founded
England
Championship – not contested
Challenge Cup final – Batley 7–0 Bradford F.C. at Headingley Rugby Stadium, Leeds
Lancashire League Championship – Oldham
Yorkshire League Championship – Hunslet
Rugby union
Home Nations Championship
16th Home Nations Championship series is not completed
Events
London Irish founded
Speed skating
Speed Skating World Championships
Men's All-round Champion – Peder Østlund (Norway)
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – Reginald Doherty (GB) defeats Laurence Doherty (GB) 6–3 6–3 2–6 5–7 6–1
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Charlotte Cooper Sterry (GB) defeats Louisa Martin (GB) 6–4 6–4
France
French Men's Singles Championship – Paul Aymé defeats Paul Lebreton: details unknown
French Women's Singles Championship – Françoise Masson wins: details unknown
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Malcolm Whitman defeats Dwight F. Davis 3–6 6–2 6–2 6–1
American Women's Singles Championship – Juliette Atkinson defeats Marion Jones 6–3 5–7 6–4 2–6 7–5
References
Sports by year
Krysiak is a Polish-language surname. It is a patronymic surname of Northern Poland origin formed by the addition of the diminutive suffix "-ak" to the diminutive form Kryś of father's first name Krzysztof (Christopher) or Krystian (Christian).
Notable people with this surname include:
Artur Krysiak (born 1989), Polish footballer
Carolyn J. Krysiak (born 1939), American politician
(1912-1944), Polish World War II underground fighter
Wojciech Krysiak (born 1998), Polish gymnast
References
Polish-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Henry Cowell wrote their Piano Concerto (formally Concerto for Piano and Orchestra) in 1928.
The piece contains many innovative uses of dissonance, cluster chords and extended uses of form.
History
Cowell completed their Piano Concerto in 1928, and premiered the first movement as soloist with the Conductorless Orchestra of New York City in April 1930; they were also the soloist in the first complete performance on December 28, 1930, with the Havana Philharmonic conducted by Pedro Sanjuan. It was only until 1978, long after the composer's death, that its first full performance was done in the United States.
Movements
The concerto is in three movements.
I. Polyharmony
The first movement, Polyharmony, begins with an orchestral tutti.
II. Tone Cluster
III. Counter Rhythm
Instrumentation
Woodwinds
2 Flutes
2 Oboes
2 Clarinets
2 Bassoons
Brass
2 French Horns
2 Trumpets
3 Trombones (third doubling bass trombone)
Tuba
Percussion
Timpani
Unpitched percussion (snare drum, tam-tam, cymbal)
Piano
Strings
16 Violins
8 Violas
8 Cellos
4 Basses
See also
List of solo piano compositions by Henry Cowell
References
20th-century classical music
1928 compositions
Compositions by Henry Cowell
Compositions that use extended techniques
Modernist compositions
Piano concertos
The Society for the Advancement of Science, Medicine and Surgery () was founded in 1790 in Amsterdam as the society for the Advancement of Surgery. The founder was Andreas Bonn, professor of anatomy and surgery at the Athenaeum Illustre, which is the predecessor of the University of Amsterdam. The Society then aimed at improving the quality of surgeons in Amsterdam. In the next century, the Society realized that to reach this goal it was necessary to connect to physicians, and later also to scientists. Thus, in 1870 the Society changed into its present form.
Membership of the Society is open to persons that hold a doctorate of the University of Amsterdam in Medicine or Science and to the faculty of the Medicine and Science faculty of the University of Amsterdam.
Activities of the society include
Organizing scientific meetings
Maintaining professorships by special appointment at the University of Amsterdam
Supporting students with travel grants
Honoring outstanding scientists by awarding medals
References
External links
Website of the Society
Medical and health organisations based in the Netherlands
Francesca "Fran" Johnnene (died 2015) was a leading anti-busing advocate during the desegregation of Boston's Public Schools in the 1970s. They were an executive of the Association of Neighborhood Schools and a national representative and board member of Restore Our Alienated Rights (ROAR), a Boston-based anti-busing organization. They worked closely with Louise Day Hicks and Elvira "Pixie" Palladino to organize anti-busing rallies, letter writing campaigns, and prayer meetings.
See also
Boston busing crisis
Louise Day Hicks
Restore Our Alienated Rights
External links
Guide to the Francesca Johnnene collection at the Boston City Archives
Notes
People from Boston
2015 deaths
The 2015 Cheshire East Council election took place on 7 May 2015 to elect members of the Cheshire East Council in England. They occurred on the same day as other local elections.
References
2015 English local elections
May 2015 events in the United Kingdom
2015
2010s in Cheshire
Fred Taylor (3 January 1884 – 1954) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Chelsea, Gainsborough Trinity and Rochdale. They were a reliable right half-back who worked hard and liked to move up the field during attacks. They made one appearance for the Football League XI.
Club career
Taylor started their league career playing for Second Division side Gainsborough Trinity but in 1909 they transferred to Chelsea. They were a member of the Chelsea side that reached the 1915 FA Cup Final. In addition to their 155 league appearances they played in 16 FA Cup games for Chelsea. They transferred to Brentford in June 1919 and was awarded a testimonial by Chelsea in 1920.
Managerial career
Taylor was manager of Peterborough United for the 1936–37 Midland League season. They also served the club as trainer and groundsman.
References
English footballers
Chelsea F.C. players
1884 births
Association football wing halves
Gainsborough Trinity F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
English football managers
Peterborough United F.C. managers
English Football League players
Footballers from Rotherham
Date of birth missing
Rotherham Town F.C. (1899) players
Midland Football League players
Kimberworth Old Boys F.C. players
Maidstone United F.C. (1897) players
Rochdale A.F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
English Football League representative players
Southern Football League players
1954 deaths
FA Cup Final players
Mubarakan () is a 2017 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy film directed by Anees Bazmee. The film stars Anil Kapoor, Arjun Kapoor (in a dual role), Ileana D'Cruz, Athiya Shetty, Neha Sharma, Karan Kundra and Ratna Pathak Shah in the lead roles with Sanjay Kapoor in a special appearance. The storyline revolves around twin brothers, both played by Arjun Kapoor in their second-ever dual role. The film released theatrically worldwide on 28 July 2017 in 2350 screens in India and 475 screens overseas.
Made on a budget of , Mubarakan has grossed over at the global box office.
Plot
Avtar Singh Bajwa, their wife and their twin sons meet with a car accident, which kills Avtar and their wife though the twins survive. They are sent to Avtar's brother Kartar, a confirmed bachelor, who gives one son to their London-based sister, Jeeto, and second son Charan to their Punjab-settled brother, Baldev.
23 years later
Karan and Charan are grown up respectively in London and Punjab. Karan loves the hot and gorgeous Supreet "Sweety" Kaur Gill from 2 years but Jeeto's husband, Paramjeet Sood, sets them to wed Binkle, the daughter of Paramjeet's business partner Akalpreet Sandhu. To marry Sweety, Karan asks Baldev to make Charan marry Binkle. In Punjab, Charan is dating a Muslim, Nafisa Qureshi, but hasn't told this to Baldev as they are biased against Muslims. They take Charan to London.
Charan tells about Nafisa to Kartar, who suggests them to act as a drug addict in front of the Sandhus to break the alliance. Charan does this but falls for Binkle at first sight. Them brother Manpreet, due to a misunderstanding, assumes them to be druggist. Upset, Baldev misbehaves with Akalpreet and Jeeto later insults him. They sever ties with them and decides to come back to Punjab. As Charan is back with Nafisa, so they ask Karan to bring them at airport to talk about them to Baldev. Karan brings Nafisa but Charan terrifies to speak.
Due to this Baldev assumes Nafisa as Karan's girlfriend. As they hear Sweety's father Kuljeet pleading for their wedding, they take Charan's proposal for Sweety.  They are upset at Karan. Jeeto sets them to marry Binkle. As Baldev arranges destination marriage in London, everyone arrives there. Charan reveals to Binkle about Sweety and Karan, falling again for them Nafisa reaches London. They and Manpreet fall in love. Charan reveals they also love Binkle now and isn't drug addict.
Kartar refuses to help Karan, Sweety, Charan, Binkle, Manpreet and Nafisa. 25 December, the wedding day arrives when Karan and Charan exchange their sherwanis. Sweety reveals their love for Karan, shocking everyone. Kartar explains Jeeto and Baldev to stop arguing and be silly. They patch up. Kartar orders Karan and Charan to have original identities. So, the film ends happily; Karan weds Sweety and Charan weds Binkle.
Cast
Arjun Kapoor in dual role as
Karan Sood / Karan Singh Bajwa: Avtaar and Jugni's son; Charan's identical twin brother and foster cousin; Paramjeet and Jeeto's adopted son; Jeeto, Kartar and Baldev's nephew; Binkle's ex-fiancé; Sweety's husband
Charan Singh Bajwa: Avtaar and Jugni's son; Karan's identical twin brother and foster cousin; Baldev's adopted son; Jeeto, Kartar and Baldev's nephew; Nafisa's ex-boyfriend; Sweety's ex-fiancé; Binkle's husband
Anil Kapoor as Kartar Singh Bajwa: Jeeto, Avtaar and Baldev's brother; Karan and Charan's paternal uncle
Ileana D'Cruz as Supreet "Sweety" Kaur Gill Bajwa: Kuljeet's daughter; Charan's ex-fiancé; Karan's wife
Athiya Shetty as Binkle Sandhu Bajwa: Akalpreet's daughter; Manpreet's sister; Karan's ex-fiancé; Charan's wife
Karan Kundrra as Manpreet Sandhu: Akalpreet's son; Binkle's brother; Nafisa's husband
Neha Sharma as Nafisa Qureshi Sandhu: Advocate; Charan's former love interest and ex-fiancé; Manpreet's wife
Rahul Dev as Akalpreet Sandhu: Binkle and Manpreet's father
Gurpal Singh as Kuljeet Singh Gill: Sweety's father
Ratna Pathak Shah as Arshveer "Jeeto" Kaur Bajwa Sood: Kartar, Avtaar and Baldev's sister; Paramjeet's wife; Karan and Charan's fraternal aunt; Karan's foster mother
Pavan Malhotra as Baldev Singh Bajwa: Jeeto, Kartar and Avtaar's brother; Karan and Charan's paternal uncle; Charan's foster father
Lalit Parimoo as Paramjeet Singh Sood: Jeeto's husband; Karan and Charan's fraternal uncle; Karan's foster father
Sanjay Kapoor in special appearance as Avtaar Singh Bajwa: Jeeto, Kartar and Baldev's brother; Jugni's husband; Karan and Charan's biological father
Alexander Dolbenko as Jolly
Krishan Tandon as Trilochan
Production
The Guru Nanak Darbar Gurdwara in Gravesend, Kent features as the temple the families worship. The film is originally scheduled to release on 10 August 2015.
Soundtrack
The music of the film has been composed by Amaal Mallik, Gourov Roshin, Rishi Rich and while the lyrics have been penned by Kumaar. Its first song "Mubarakan (Title Track)" was released on 22 June 2017. The second single titled as "Hawa Hawa" which is sung by Mika Singh and Prakriti Kakar was released on 29 June 2017. This was the copy of Pakistani singer singer Hasan jehangir song. The soundtrack was unveiled on 6 July 2017 by T-Series which consists 6 songs.
Critical reception
Rohit Vats of Hindustan Times rated it 3/5 and felt that the lead actor, Arjun Kapoor, was overshadowed by Anil Kapoor: "It's just that Anil Kapoor is a pro at it and steals all the limelight from them (Arjun).....You'll be occasionally laughing, but probably won't be leaving the theatre with a big smile on your face.
Meena Lyer of Times of India rated the film 3/5 and concluded: "Anil is the scene-stealer with their half Brit-half Punjabi act lifting the film throughout. Arjun's double-act allows for some smiles and the girls, Ileana, Athiya and Neha are easy on the eye, though they're just decorative set-pieces."
Manju Ramanan of Masala! gave the film 3.5/5 saying, "Loud characters, bright sets, songs and dances and slapstick humour dominate this Anees Bazmee film. But the instances do make you smile.
Ahana Bhattacharya of Koimoi gave the film 3/5 saying, "The story is funny and the film has some really hilarious dialogues. However, Sardar jokes are a bit clichéd and Bollywood needs to get over it. I loved the way the film builds up the confusion but it tends to drag towards the climax. There are moments when you will feel it is patriarchal, racist and regressive. Also, the climax is a bit predictable.
References
External links
Columbia Pictures films
2017 films
Films scored by Rishi Rich
Films scored by Amaal Mallik
Films scored by Gourov Roshin
2010s Hindi-language films
Films shot in Mumbai
Films shot in Punjab, India
Films shot in London
Films shot in England
Twins in Indian films
Films directed by Anees Bazmee
Films scored by Amar Mohile
Sony Pictures Networks India films
Sony Pictures films
Stefan Heck (born 18 August 1982) is a German politician for the CDU and since 2021 has been a member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.
Life and politics
Heck was born 1982 in the West German city of Marburg and studied law in order to become a lawyer. Heck was elected to the Bundestag in 2021.
References
Living people
1982 births
Christian Democratic Union of Germany politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Podothrombiidae is a family of mites belonging to the order Trombidiformes.
Genera:
Podothrombium Berlese
References
Trombidiformes
The Public Square Historic District in Sigourney, Iowa, United States is a historic district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. The listing included 41 contributing buildings, a contributing structure, and two contributing objects. The district includes work by architects Wetherell & Gage.
The district largely includes commercial buildings that surround the 1911 Keokuk County Courthouse, which is separately listed on the National Register. For the most part the buildings are one or two-story brick structures. Two of the building are three stories. Initially, the buildings built around the square were all wood-frame construction. After the Civil War brick buildings began to replace them, with 1876 being a prominent year for new construction. The change from wood to brick structures continued into the 20th century. There are also two other civic buildings in the district, Memorial Hall (1923; Sigourney City Hall and auditorium), and the post office (1938). Both of these buildings are located just off of the square proper. The contributing structure is a bandstand, and contributing objects are a fountain, and a Civil War Monument. All three are located on the courthouse grounds.
References
External links
National Register of Historic Places in Keokuk County, Iowa
Italianate architecture in Iowa
Romanesque Revival architecture in Iowa
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Sigourney, Iowa
Pontic is a proposed language family or macrofamily, comprising the Indo-European and Northwest Caucasian language families, with Proto-Pontic being its reconstructed proto-language.
History of the proposal
The internal reconstruction of the Indo-European proto-language done by Émile Benveniste and Winfred P. Lehmann has set Proto-Indo-European (PIE) typologically quite apart from its daughters. In 1960, Aert Kuipers noticed the parallels between a Northwest Caucasian language, Kabardian, and PIE. It was Paul Friedrich in 1964, however, who first suggested that PIE might be phylogenetically related to Proto-Caucasian.
In 1981, John Colarusso examined typological parallels involving consonantism, focusing on the so-called laryngeals of PIE and in 1989, they published their reconstruction of Proto-Northwest Caucasian (PNWC). Eight years later, the first results of their comparative work on PNWC and PIE were published in their article Proto-Pontic: Phyletic Links Between Proto-Indo-European and Proto-Northwest Caucasian, an event which may be considered the actual beginning of the hypothesis.
Evidence
Examples of similarities that have been noted include:
Nasal negating particles in both families:
PIE *n-: Germanic un-, Romance in-, Slavic ne-.
NWC: Ubykh m-, Abkhaz m-.
A case variously named "accusative", "oblique" or "objective", marked with nasal suffixes:
PIE accusative *-m, reflected e.g. in Latin luna 'moon' (nom.) vs lunam (acc.), or Ancient Greek ἄνθρωπος (anthropos, nom.) vs. ἄνθρωπον (anthropon, acc.).
NWC: Ubykh kwæy 'well (water source)' (abs.) vs kwæyn (obl.).
References
Proposed language families
Indo-European linguistics
Pre-Indo-Europeans
Indo-European languages
Vinod (28 May 1922 – 25 December 1959) was a famous Indian film music director of the 1950s. In 1949, they composed a hit Punjabi film song Lara Lappa Lai Rakhda sung by Mohammed Rafi and Lata Mangeshkar, in the film Ek Thi Ladki (1949).
The real name of Vinod was Eric Roberts; Vinod was a professional name given by the Bombay Film Industry.
Early life
Vinod was born Eric Roberts in Lahore on 28 May 1922.
When Vinod was a child, they were fascinated by music played at Punjabi Hindu weddings. Vinod was a student of Pandit Amar Nath, a musical director from Lahore. At the age of 17 years, their first official record composition was released, Samne aayaga koi jalwa dikhayega koi.
Career
Vinod started composing songs for films in 1946. They composed eleven songs, written by Aziz Kashmiri, for the film Khamosh Nigahen. Veteran music director Master Ghulam Haider who had introduced Lata Mangeshkar as a film playback singer to the Indian Film Industry recommended Lata to Vinod. So Vinod had Lata sing some Punjabi film songs in their Punjabi film Chaman (1948). Then they composed music for the 1949 film Ek Thi Ladki, which, along with the song Larra Lappa Larra Lappa Layi Rakhda, Addi Tappa Layi Rakhda became a hit song, sung by Lata Mangeshkar and Mohammad Rafi. They moved to Bombay when Roop Kumar Shorey, a producer for whom Vinod had previously composed songs, brought their team there. Vinod composed music for thirty-six films, viz. thirty in Hindi and six in Punjabi language. They also composed four non-film songs. It was typical for Vinod, as a music composer, to insert Hindi songs in Punjabi films and Punjabi song lyrics in Hindi film songs.
Personal life
Vinod married Sheela Betty in Lahore and then moved to Delhi. They composed Punjabi film music like Saari Raat Tera Tak Ni Aa Rah and Wey Tarian Taun Puchh Chann Wey.
They had two daughters, Veena Solomon and Veera Mistry; both died in September 2016 and 2017, respectively. Veena was married to Newton Solomon and Veera was married to Kelly Mistry. Survivors are Vinod's grandchildren Sarah, Rakesh, Jacqueline, Eric (who is named after Vinodji) and Carl and great grandchildren Rhea, Mithila, Shaun and Rania.
Death
Vinod died from tetanus on December 25, 1959, at the age of 37, after having cut themselves shaving while using a rusted razor blade. By the time they were admitted to a hospital, the illness was beyond treatment and they lapsed into a coma.
Filmography
Note: Vinod's last three films were released after their death.
References
External links
Filmography of music director Vinod on muvyz.com website
Indian film score composers
1922 births
1959 deaths
20th-century composers
20th-century Indian musicians
Eric Werner Reschke (born 1965) is an American business person and Republican politician currently serving in the Oregon House of Representatives. They represent the 56th district, which covers southern Klamath County and southwestern Lake County, including Klamath Falls, Lakeview, Malin, Merrill, Bonanza, and several unincorporated communities in Klamath County.
Biography
Reschke was born in Los Angeles, California (1965), grew up in Beaverton, Oregon and graduated from Sunset High School (1983). They graduated from Oregon State University (1988) with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Business Administration. After graduation they worked for Georgia-Pacific, Tektronix, and Xerox in the Portland metropolitan area before moving to Klamath County in 2001.
Reschke was a Board Member of the Klamath County Chamber of Commerce from 2012 until 2016 and was elected to the Oregon State House in 2016. In the election, they earned 48.77% of the vote, defeating Democratic candidate (and former Klamath County Commissioner) Al Switzer and non-affiliated candidate Jonah Hakanson. In 2018 Reschke was reelected earning 71.8% of the vote over Democratic challenger Taylor Tupper. In 2020 Reschke was re-elected earning 71.7% of the vote over Democratic challenger Faith Leith.
On December 11 2020, Reschke and 11 other state Republican officials signed a letter requesting Oregon Attorney General Ellen Rosenblum join Texas and other states contesting the results of the 2020 presidential election in Texas v. Pennsylvania. Rosenblum announced they had filed in behalf of the defense, and against Texas, the day prior.
Personal life
Reschke is married and has one son. The family attends Calvary Chapel Church in Klamath Falls.
References
External links
Campaign website
Legislative website
Politicians from Beaverton, Oregon
Politicians from Klamath Falls, Oregon
Members of the Oregon House of Representatives
Oregon Republicans
21st-century American politicians
Judson College (Alabama) alumni
Oregon State University alumni
1965 births
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Sunset High School (Beaverton, Oregon) alumni
Whitechapel Computer Works Ltd. (WCW) was a computer workstation company founded in the East End of London, United Kingdom in April 1983 by Timothy Eccles and Bob Newman, with a combined investment of £1 million from the Greater London Enterprise Board (£100,000 initially), venture capital companies Newmarket and Baillie Gifford, and the Department of Trade and Industry. The company was situated in the Whitechapel Technology Centre - a council-funded high-technology enterprise hub - and began the design of their first workstation model in August 1983, shipping the first units by September 1984.
MG-1 Workstation
The company's first workstation model was the MG-1 (named after the Milliard Gargantubrain from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy). The MG-1 was based on the National Semiconductor NS32016 microprocessor, with 512 KB of RAM (expandable to 8 MB), a 1024 × 800 pixel monochrome display, a 10, 22 or 45 MB hard disk, 800 KB floppy drive, and an optional Ethernet interface, with prices stated as being equivalent to $6975 for the 10 MB hard disk system, $8250 for the 22 MB system and $9500 for the 45 MB system.
A contemporary evaluation of a 40 MB hard disk system with 2 MB RAM lists an approximate acquisition price of £9000. While there was no distributor in the United States, the MG-1 was sold in North America by Cybertool Systems Ltd. from 1984 through 1986. A colour version, the CG-1, was also announced in 1986, followed by the MG-200, with an NS32332 processor, in 1987.
The MG-1 employed an 8 MHz 32016 CPU with 32082 memory management unit (MMU) and 32081 floating-point unit (FPU), with the MMU being noted in a 1985 article as "suffering from bugs" and being situated on its own board providing hardware fixes. In order to deliver the machine at prices closer to personal computers than contemporary workstations (such as Sun, Apollo and Perq), design techniques from the personal computer industry were adopted, with a single eight-layer system board being used to hold the CPU and other integrated circuits.
Initially, NatSemi's Genix operating system, described as being based on Unix System III with 4.1BSD enhancements, or just 4.1BSD, was provided. NatSemi's Unix roadmap in 1984 advertised forthcoming 4.2BSD features and a "generic port of UNIX System V". However, during 1985, Genix was replaced on the MG-1 by a port of 4.2BSD called 42nix and augmented with the Oriel graphical user interface to give a reported factor of six performance improvement in graphics performance, Oriel being partially kernel-based.
In order to improve responsiveness and reduce the latency observed with contemporary Unix systems, the mouse position was tracked using a dedicated processor which also monitored the keyboard for events, and a form of hardware mouse pointer was used, with the pointer bitmap being stored in its own 64-pixel buffer as a kind of overlay, this being combined with the main display image to produce the final screen image. The machine also featured a "soft power switch" similar to that provided by the Apple Lisa (and also the slightly later Torch Triple X) which initiated "an orderly UNIX shutdown".
History and Legacy
WCW went into receivership in 1986, but were soon revived as Whitechapel Workstations Ltd. The new company, described as "a briefly flowering UK-based UNIX workstation company that shipped the first MIPS desktop computers in 1987", initially announced the MG-300 based on the MIPS architecture with a performance rating of 8 to 10 million instructions per second as part of a strategy to pursue sales in the US market via original equipment manufacturers and value-added resellers, with the company's management having been reconstituted to include "one-half new and one-half old staff". The MG-300 model was subsequently launched as the Hitech-10, featuring the MIPS R2000 processor, this being followed by the Hitech-20 with a MIPS R3000 processor, subsequently known as the Mistral-20. These ran the UMIPS variant of UNIX, with either X11 or NeWS-based GUIs, and were aimed at computer animation applications.
Whitechapel had reportedly sold as many as 1,000 workstations from its first range, these having been "particularly successful" in the London financial industry, and was aiming to increase production levels by relocating manufacturing from the UK to West Germany. However, the company entered receivership in April 1988. Its assets related to the Hitech-10 were purchased in June 1988 by a consortium, Computer Hitech International, which adopted the corporate identity Mistral Computer Systems. Mistral subcontracted the design of its systems to Algorithmics Ltd., this being "essentially the rump of the old Whitechapel design team". Algorithmics was later acquired by MIPS Technologies in 2002.
References
Defunct companies based in London
Defunct computer companies of the United Kingdom
Defunct computer hardware companies
Computer companies established in 1983
Computer workstations
MIPS architecture
James Kantor (26 February 1927 – 2 February 1974) was a South African lawyer and writer.
James Kantor was born in Johannesburg to a Jewish family. A prominent Johannesburg lawyer in the 1950s, Kantor was attorney for Nelson Mandela and imprisoned with them during the Rivonia Trial. They later immigrated to England and wrote an autobiography.
Rivonia Trial
Kantor was one of the defence lawyers in the Rivonia Trial until their brother-in-law and legal partner Harold Wolpe, one of the accused, managed to escape. At this stage, Kantor was themselves arrested and charged with the same crimes as Mandela and the other defendants although they had no involvement with the ANC or MK. Harold Hanson and Harry Schwarz, a close friend and a well-known politician, stepped in to act as their defence lawyers in the trial. After aggressive treatment by the prosecutor Percy Yutar, who sought to portray Kantor as a vital cog of MK, finally Judge Quartus de Wet discharged Kantor, stating "Accused No. 8 has no case to answer".
Later life
Kantor fled South Africa and settled in London, working in publications for the film industry. They married and they and their wife Barbara had two daughters and they also adopted Barbara's two sons from a previous marriage. They wrote an autobiography, called A Healthy Grave. However, their health had never recovered from the harsh treatment while in prison awaiting trial, and they died of a massive heart attack in 1974.
Notes
References
Kantor, James. A Healthy Grave - An Apartheid Prison Memoir, (1967) London, Hamish Hamilton
- -, (1969) Berlin, Seven Seas
External links
South African History Online - James Kantor
1974 deaths
1927 births
Anti-apartheid activists
Apartheid in South Africa
South African emigrants to the United Kingdom
South African Jews
20th-century South African lawyers
Malika al-Fassi (, b. 19 June 1919 – d. 12 May 2007) was a Moroccan writer and nationalist. They were the only woman to sign the Proclamation of Independence of Morocco in 1944. They were a student of Abdeslam Serghini.
At a very young age they wrote articles under the pseudonyme El Fatate, later after their marriage, under the pseudonyme de Bahitate El Hadira (researcher of the city), and not El Hadara (civilisation). At that time there was a well-known Egyptian journalist, Malik Hifni Nasif, who used the name Bahithat El Badiyya. Them articles appeared in Majellate El Maghrib of Saleh Missa and Rissalate El Maghrib of Said Hajji, and later in the daily newspaper El Alam, since 1934.
They also wrote plays which have been staged and some small novels, a.o. La Victime.
Biography
Malika Al Fassi was born on 19 June 1919 in Fez into a family of literate people. Them father, the Cadi El Mehdi El Fassi, wanted them to receive the same education as their two brothers. After they went to Dar Fkiha, their father brought their tutors in various disciplines, including Arabic and French grammar, sports education, etc2. They were also an outstanding horseman.3
At a very young age, they wrote articles under the pseudonym El Fatate, then after their marriage, under the pseudonym Bahitate El Hadira (city researcher)2, and not El Hadara (civilization), because at that time there was a very famous Lebanese journalist, Mey, who signed Bahitate El Badia. Them articles appeared in Majellate El Maghrib by Saleh Missa and Rissalate El Maghrib by Saïd Hajji, and later in the newspaper El Alam, as early as 1934. They have also written plays that have been performed, and a few short novels, including The Victim.
Being a musician from a very young age (she plays the lute and the accordion), they founded with Haj Driss Touimi Benjelloun Jamiyât Houat "El moussika al andaloussia".
They married their late cousin Mohamed Ghali El Fassi in 1935.
They joined the nationalist movement in a secret committee known as Taïfa in 19372. They took part in drawing up the independence manifesto with their companions in the nationalist movement, and signed it on 11 January 1944.  They are the only woman among the 66 signatories3,2.
Them husband being Prince Moulay Hassan's teacher, from 1942 onwards, they had their entrances to the Palace without attracting the attention of the colonizer. When their companions were thrown into prison, they led the Resistance and Women's Action with those of the Resistance leaders who had escaped from jail and exile.
On the night of August 19, 1953, they entered in disguise to see the late Their Majesty Mohammed V, they were able to bring them a new Bayïâa of the Ulemas, and they took an oath to fight against the occupier, and they gave them their instructions for the Resistance2. They were the last person to see them before their exile. They then began the armed Resistance with their brothers and sisters in arms.
They started fighting illiteracy long before independence and they militated for girls to go to school and continue their studies. With their late husband, then director of the Qaraouiyine, and the agreement of the late Their Majesty Mohammed V, they opened a girls' section, both secondary and university, in 19472. The first promotion included Habiba El Bourqadi, Aïcha Sekkat, Fettouma Kabbaj, etc. Fettouma Kabbaj is today a member of the National Superior Council of Ulemas (Oum El Banine school was only a primary school).
Moreover, they drive, having passed their driving licence in 1955. This allows them to travel all over Morocco in order to set up centres and encourage people to enrol in literacy classes2.
They lobbied the French Director of Education to create schools for girls, and chaired delegations to this end, and eventually won their case.
At independence, they were among the founders of the Moroccan League for Basic Education and the Fight against Illiteracy, and was its vice-president. In 1956, they were also among the founders of the institution of Entraide Nationale, under the presidency of Princess Lalla Aïcha. Just after independence, they presented a motion to the late Their Majesty Mohammed V for the vote of women, which they adopted immediately.
Also in 1956, they participated in the creation of an NGO, the Al Mouassat Association, recognized as being of public utility. Malika El Fassi became its president in 1960. This association takes care of the destitute, disaster victims, cancer patients in need and their families, as well as fighting illiteracy. Above all, the association has an orphanage that houses 120 girls. It is one of the first to be chosen to receive a grant by the NHRI Commission, established by Their Majesty King Mohammed VI.
Finally, Alison Baker, in "Voices of Resistance", names Malika Al Fassi as Formother Of Resistance.
Malika Al Fassi has participated in several symposia and given various lectures in China, Romania, USSR, etc.  They are a UNESCO medalist for their fight against illiteracy. They also have a medal from the Moroccan League for Basic Education and the Fight against Illiteracy. They have a medal from the Russian government for their contribution to the friendship between Morocco and Russia. They were decorated by Their Majesty King Mohammed VI with the rank of Grand Commander of the Ussaam Al Arch Al Alaoui on 11 January 2005. Finally, in March 2006, they received a Khmissa of Honour at Khmissa 2006 for their activism.
They died on Saturday 12 May 2007.
Political career
Malika Al Fassi was the only woman to sign the 1944 Independence Manifesto.
In addition, they are one of the pioneers of the Moroccan feminist movement.
In 1935, at the age of 15, they published in the magazine al-Maghreb the first of a long series of articles in which they claimed the right of Moroccan women to education. They became the first woman journalist in the country.
Them argument is always strategic: without education, women can be neither the ideal companions of men nor good educators of future generations. Inevitably, they will trigger societal debates that have contributed to making the reform of the status of women a national necessity.
In 1955, they demanded the right to vote for women from King Mohammed V.
The latter approved it, explaining that the right to vote did justice to Moroccan women, since they had participated fully in the advent of independence in 1956.
References
https://www.dictionnaire-creatrices.com/fiche-malika-belmehdi-el-fassi
1919 births
2007 deaths
Moroccan non-fiction writers
People from Fez, Morocco
20th-century Moroccan women writers
20th-century non-fiction writers
