In Major League Baseball (MLB), the Pitcher of the Month Award is given monthly during the regular season to two outstanding pitchers, one each in the National League (NL) and American League (AL). The NL began awarding the honor in , and the AL followed in . Upon the introduction of each league's pitcher award, pitchers became ineligible for the position players' monthly award.
Awards by month
Players listed with multiple occurrences are denoted by parentheses containing the ordinal.
The most Pitcher of the Month awards won by a single player is 15 by Roger Clemens.  They are followed by Greg Maddux (10), Pedro Martínez (8), Randy Johnson (8), and Johan Santana (8).
Source:
See also
List of MLB awards
References
Pitcher
Awards established in 1975
Tamil Nadu Urban Habitat Development Board (TNUDB), formerly known as Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board, is administrated by Government of Tamil Nadu to remove slums in the state. It was formed by Tamil Nadu Slum Areas (Improvement & Clearance) Act 1971. The main function of the board is to eradicate slums and provide hygienic tenements in Tamil Nadu.
Background
The Board was created in September 1970 with the goal of improving the living conditions of slum residents in Tamil Nadu via numerous Housing, Slum Development, Rehabilitation, and Resettlement initiatives. The Board's operations began in Chennai and were progressively expanded to other metropolitan regions of Tamil Nadu beginning in 1984.
History
Under Chief Minister M Karunanidhi, the Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board was formed in September 1970 with the goal of making Chennai slum-free by 2023. It was the first such board in the country. With 1,536 home units, Kesava Pillai Park in Pulianthope, Egmore, initially opened its doors to the public in 1980. In 2008, the TNSCB demolished outdated buildings and began construction on new ones.
Chief Minister M.K. Stalin in September 2021 changed the name of Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board to Tamil Nadu Urban Habitat Development Board.
References
External links
State agencies of Tamil Nadu
Slums in India
Government agencies established in 1971
1971 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Slum clearance
is a 2005 film directed by Japanese director Toshiharu Ikeda.
Based on a novel by Masayuki Shuno, the film is a psychological thriller about series of murders committed using scissors, the people who carried out the murders, and the police who are trying to catch them.
Plot
The film opens with a female high school student meeting a man and woman in a remote location.  They are stabbed in the neck with a pair of scissors. This is followed by similar murder committed by the same people.
The same couple follow another student who they have picked as their next target, but before they can kill them they are joined by an older man. Later they find their body in a park. They were also stabbed in the neck with a pair of scissors in a copycat murder.
The film follows several different plot strands, including the psychological condition of the woman and their relationship with the man, the background of the student who was killed in the copycat murder, and the police hunt for the murderers.
It emerges that the female murderer has a split personality, and the man they are seen with is actually a vision of their dead father caused by their guilt over their suicide when they were younger. The copycat murderer was the police psychological profiler, who had been having an affair with the high school student.
By the end of the film the psychological profiler is dead, and the police blame them for all three murders. The real scissors murderer has a final vision of their father, in which they tell them that they always loved them and they were not to blame for their death.  They are then free to be happy.
External links
2005 films
Japanese films
2000s Japanese-language films
2000s Japanese films
Armstrong Siddeley Beta was an early rocket engine, intended for use in supersonic aircraft.
The Miles M.52, the intended British contender for supersonic flight, had been cancelled in 1946 due to uncertainty concerning its turbojet engine's thrust potential and the risks of crewed supersonic flight. A scale model was then built by Vickers with a 362 kg (800 lbf) thrust hydrogen peroxide 'hot' motor evolved at Westcott derived from the Walter HWK 109-509 engine. This initiated the Beta and the subsequent Delta engines. In October 1948 the Vickers Transonic model flew at 930 mph (Mach 1.5) in level flight at 35,000 ft.
To reduce the risks of single-sourced engines, other makers were given experience of work with hydrogen peroxide. In 1952 Napier were providing their NRE.17 engines for missile trials, as a line of development from Beta.
Variants
Beta II
Larger version of Beta I
References
Beta, Armstrong Siddeley
Rocket engines using cold cycle hydrogen peroxide propellant
Beta
Beta
Spherocytosis is the presence of spherocytes in the blood, i.e. erythrocytes (red blood cells) that are sphere-shaped rather than bi-concave disk shaped as normal. Spherocytes are found in all hemolytic anemias to some degree. Hereditary spherocytosis and autoimmune hemolytic anemia are characterized by having only spherocytes.
Causes
Spherocytes are found in immunologically-mediated hemolytic anemias and in hereditary spherocytosis, but the former would have a positive direct Coombs test and the latter would not. The misshapen but otherwise healthy red blood cells are mistaken by the spleen for old or damaged red blood cells and it thus constantly breaks them down, causing a cycle whereby the body destroys its own blood supply (auto-hemolysis). A complete blood count (CBC) may show increased reticulocytes, a sign of increased red blood cell production, and decreased hemoglobin and hematocrit.
The term "non-hereditary spherocytosis" is occasionally used, albeit rarely.
Lists of causes:
Warm autoimmune hemolytic anemia
Cold autoimmune hemolytic anemia/paroxysmal cold hemoglobinuria
Acute and delayed hemolytic transfusion reactions
ABO hemolytic diseases of newborn/Rh hemolytic disease of newborn
Hereditary spherocytosis
Intravenous water infusion or drowning (fresh water)
Hypophosphatemia
Bartonellosis
Snake bites
Hyposplenism
Rh-null phenotype
Pathophysiology
Spherocytosis most often refers to hereditary spherocytosis. This is caused by a molecular defect in one or more of the proteins of the red blood cell cytoskeleton, including spectrin, ankyrin, Band 3, or Protein 4.2. Because the cell skeleton has a defect, the blood cell contracts to a sphere, which is its most surface tension efficient and least flexible configuration. Though the spherocytes have a smaller surface area through which oxygen and carbon dioxide can be exchanged, they in themselves perform adequately to maintain healthy oxygen supplies. However, they have a high osmotic fragility—when placed into water, they are more likely to burst than normal red blood cells. These cells are more prone to physical degradation.
In short, spherocytosis has an attribute of decreased cell deformability.
Diagnosis
Spherocytosis can be diagnosed in Peripheral blood film by seeing spherical red blood cells rather than biconcave. Because spherical red blood cells are more prone to lysis in water (because they lack some proteins in their cytoskeleton) there will be increased osmotic fragility on acidified glycerol lysis test.
Treatment
Treatment may vary depending on the cause of the condition. In the case of hereditary spherocytosis, although research is ongoing, at this point there is no cure for the genetic defect that causes hereditary spherocytosis. Current management focuses on interventions that limit the severity of the disease. Treatment options for this type of spherocytosis include:
Splenectomy: As in non-hereditary spherocytosis, acute symptoms of anemia and hyperbilirubinemia indicate treatment with blood transfusions or exchanges and chronic symptoms of anemia and an enlarged spleen indicate dietary supplementation of folic acid and splenectomy, the surgical removal of the spleen. Splenectomy is indicated for moderate to severe cases, but not mild cases. To decrease the risk of sepsis, post-splenectomy spherocytosis patients require immunization against the influenza virus, encapsulated bacteria such as Streptococcus pneumoniae and meningococcus, and prophylactic antibiotic treatment. However, the use of prophylactic antibiotics, such as penicillin, remains controversial.
Partial splenectomy: Since the spleen is important for protecting against encapsulated organisms, sepsis caused by encapsulated organisms is a possible complication of splenectomy. The option of partial splenectomy may be considered in the interest of preserving immune function. Research on outcomes is currently limited, but favorable.
Surgical removal of the gallbladder may be necessary.
See also
Anemia
Blood
Blood diseases
Red blood cells
Hereditary diseases
References
External links
A picture of spherocytes from Medline
Hereditary Spherocytosis from Medscape
Red blood cell disorders
Abnormal clinical and laboratory findings for RBCs
Anemias
Abū Ḥātim Aḥmad ibn Ḥamdān al-Rāzī () was a Persian Ismaili philosopher of the 9th century, who died in 322 AH (935 CE). They were also the Da'i al-du'at (chief missionary) of Ray and the leader of the Ismaili da'wah in Central Persia.
Life
They were born in Rayy near modern Tehran. They were a contemporary of Muhammad ibn Zakariya al-Razi and engaged in debates with him.
Works
Al-Jāmiʿ, a book on jurisprudence.
Kitāb aʿlām al-nubuwwa (The Proofs of Prophecy), a refutation of Abū Bakr al-Rāzī.
Kitāb al-Iṣlāḥ (Book of the Correction), “the oldest extant Ismāʾilī work presenting a Neoplatonic world-view.” Written as a corrective to the views of their contemporary Muḥammad ibn Aḥmad al-Nasafī.
Kitāb al-Zīna (Book of the Ornament), on the superiority of the Arabic language and on religious terminology.
Bibliography
Brion, Fabienne, “Philosophie et révélation : traduction annotée de six extraits du Kitâb A'lâm an-nubûwa d'Abû Hâtim ar-Râzî”, Bulletin de philosophie médiévale 28, 1986, p. 137-162.
Brion, Fabienne, “Le temps, l'espace et la genèse du monde selon Abû Bakr al-Râzî. Présentation et traduction des chapitres I, 3 du « Kitâb a'lâm al-nubuwwa » d'Abû Hâtim al-Râzî”, Revue philosophique de Louvain, tome 87, n°74, 1989, p. 139-164.
Khalidi, Tarif, parallel Arabic-English edition of Kitāb aʾlām al-nubuwwa (The Proofs of Prophecy), Brigham Young University Press, 2012, Islamic Translation Series ().
Vajda, Georges, “Les lettres et les sons de la langue arabe d'après Abû Hâtim al-Râzî”, Arabica 8, 1961, p. 113-180.
Notes
References
Islamic philosophers
Iranian Ismailis
Ismaili da'is
People from Ray, Iran
9th-century Iranian people
10th-century Iranian philosophers
322 deaths
10th-century Ismailis
In Concert is a 1994 concert album by singer-songwriter Carole King.
Track listing
All songs by Carole King, except where noted.
Original vinyl / audio tape release
Side 1
"Hard Rock Cafe"
"Up on the Roof" (Gerry Goffin, King)
"Smackwater Jack"
"So Far Away"
"Beautiful"
"(You Make Me Feel Like A) Natural Woman" (Goffin, King, Jerry Wexler)
"Hold Out for Love"
"Will You Love Me Tomorrow (Gerry Goffin, King)
Side 2
"Jazzman" (King, David Palmer)
"It's Too Late" (King, Toni Stern)
"Chains" (Goffin, King)
"I Feel the Earth Move"
"You've Got a Friend"
"Loco-Motion (The)" (Goffin, King)
"You've Got a Friend" (reprise)
Album credits
Personnel
Carole King – vocals, piano
Teddy Andreadis – keyboards, piano, harmonica, backing vocals
Bill Mason – additional keyboards
Rudy Guess – guitar, backing vocals
Slash – lead guitar
Danny Pelfrey – guitar, saxophone, flute, backing vocals
John Humphrey – bass
Jerry Angel – drums
Brie Howard Darling – percussion, backing vocals
Sherry Goffin – backing vocals
Linda Lawley – backing vocals
Voices of Jubilation – choir
David Crosby & Graham Nash – guest vocalists on "You've Got A Friend"
Technical
Rudy Guess: Producer
Bobby Summerfield: Mixing
Hilton Rosenthal: Executive Producer
Bernie Grundman: Mastering
Legal Representative: Emily Simon
Manager Label Operations: Magda Summerfield
Project Coordinator: Lorna Guess
Production Coordinator: Ivy Skoff
Larry Vigon: Art Direction
Brian Jackson: Design
Catherine Wessel: Photography
Tour crew
Joe Cardosi and Tim Bernett: Tour Managers
Lorna Guess: Assistant to Carole King
Graham Holmes and John Vanderslice: Production Managers
Chris Rankin: House Sound Engineer
Ron Reeves and Bernie Bernil: Monitor Engineers
Mike Ponczek and Jonathan Parke: Audio Technicians
Rob Zablow: Lighting Designer
Dennis Connors: Lighting Director
Sean Harvey and Jerry Swatek: Lighting Technicians
Alex Axotis: Lighting Operator
Danny de la Luz: Drum Technician
Jage Jackson, John Gonzales and Damen Kellihar: Guitar Technicians
Robbie Eagle and Scott Pinkerton: Keyboard Technicians
John Bennett: Head of Security
Beth O'Bryan: Wardrobe
Dale Lee, Dave Walters, Joe Folke, Bob Bodiglari: Bus Drivers
David Sutherland, Kenny Rich, Randy Johnson: Truck Drivers
Jaime Lennox: Alliance For The Wild Rockies Representative
Ira Koslow: Manager, Peter Asher Management
Brigette Barr: Project Coordinator, Peter Asher Management
Nick Men-Meir: Business Manager
Dan Weiner: Booking Agent, Monterey Peninsula Artists
Showco, Inc.: Sound Company
National Audio: Sound Company
Upstaging, Custom Coach West Busing: Trucking and Lighting
Ego Trips: Busing
Recording credits
Universal Amphitheatre – Los Angeles
Le Mobile
Guy Charbonneau: Recording Engineer
Dr. Dave Gallo: Stage Engineer
Charlie Bovis: Tape Operator
Eastman Theatre – Rochester, NY
Proctor's Theatre – Schenectady, NY
Bushnell Auditorium – Hartford, CT
Remote Recording Services, Inc.
David Hewitt: Recording Engineer
John McClintock: Stage Engineer
Phil Gitomer: Tape Operator
Plus 4 Recording Studios, Los Angeles
Bobby Summerfield: Post-Production and Mix Engineer
References
External links
Carole King Official Web Site
Carole King live albums
1994 live albums
Valley Entertainment albums
Machilipatnam mandal is one of the 25 mandals in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It is under the administration of Machilipatnam revenue division and the headquarters are located at Machilipatnam town. The mandal is bounded by Bantumilli, Pedana, Gudur, Ghantasala, Challapalli and Koduru mandals.
Demographics
census, the mandal had a population of 238,962. The total
population constitute, 118,820 males and 120,142 females —a sex ratio of 1011 females per 1000
males. 21,272 children are in the age group of 0–6 years, of which 11,037 are boys and 10,235 are girls. The average literacy rate stands at 78.62% with 171,144 literates.
Towns and villages
census, the mandal has 29 settlements. It includes 1 town and 28 villages in the mandal. Chinnapuram is the most populated village and Potlapalem is the least populated village in the mandal.
The settlements in the mandal are listed below:
Note: M-Municipality
Government and politics
Machilipatnam mandal is under Machilipatnam (Assembly constituency), which in turn represents Machilipatnam (Lok Sabha constituency) of Andhra Pradesh. The present MLA representing Machilipatnam (Assembly constituency) is Perni Venkataramaiah(Nani) of Yuvajana Sramika Rythu Congress Party.
See also
List of villages in Krishna district
References
Mandals in Krishna district
Randy Laverty (born March 8, 1953) is a former Democratic member of the Arkansas Senate, who represented the 2nd District from 2003 through 2013. Previously they were a member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1995 through 2001.
Education
Laverty obtained their BA from Arkansas Tech University.
Organizations
Laverty is a member of Kiwanis Club.
Political experience
Before Laverty was an Arkansas state senator they were a representative in the Arkansas House of Representatives from 1995 to 2000. Prior to their membership Laverty was a member of Jasper School Board from 1982 to 2000.
Family
Randy Laverty is married to their wife Virginia Lee and together the two have 3 children.
Religion
Laverty is a Baptist.
External links
Arkansas State Legislature – Senator Randy Laverty official government website
Project Vote Smart – Senator Randy Laverty (AR) profile
Follow the Money – Randy Laverty
2006 2004 2002 campaign contributions
References
Arkansas state senators
Members of the Arkansas House of Representatives
1953 births
Living people
20th-century American politicians
21st-century American politicians
Noel Rhys (23 February 1888 – 1971) was a British wrestler. They competed at the 1912, 1920 and the 1924 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1888 births
1971 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Great Britain
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1920 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
British male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from London
The Tree Flag (or the Appeal to Heaven Flag) was one of the flags used during the American Revolution. The flag, which featured a pine tree with the motto "An Appeal to Heaven," or less frequently "An Appeal to God", was originally used by a squadron of six cruisers which were commissioned under George Washington's authority as Commander-in-chief of the Continental Army in October 1775.
It is the official maritime ensign for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, though the script was removed in 1971. It was used by state navy vessels in addition to privateers sailing from Massachusetts.
Design
The design of the flag came from General Washington's secretary, Colonel Joseph Reed. In a letter dated October 21, 1775, Reed suggested a "flag with a white ground and a tree in the middle, the motto AN APPEAL TO HEAVEN" be used for the ships Washington commissioned.
The following summer, on July 26, 1776, the Massachusetts General Court established the flag of the state navy with a resolution that stated in part: "...that the Colours be a white Flag, with a green Pine Tree, and an Inscription, 'Appeal to Heaven'."
Pine tree symbolism
The pine tree has been symbolic in New England since the late 16th century, predating the arrival of colonists. After warring for decades, leaders of five nations — the Seneca, Cayuga, Onondaga, Oneida, and Mohawk — buried their weapons beneath a tree planted by the Iroquois Confederacy founder, the Great Peacemaker, at Onondaga. The "tree of peace" is featured in the center of the Hiawatha Belt, the Iroquois national belt, named for the Great Peacemaker's helper, Hiawatha.
Colonists adopted the pine as a symbol on flags and currency in the 17th century, including variants of the flag of New England and coinage produced by the Massachusetts Bay Colony from 1652 to 1682. Leading up to the Revolutionary War, the pine tree became a symbol of colonial ire and resistance as well as multi-tribal support of independence.
New England's eastern white pine was prized in the colonial shipbuilding industry for its quality and height. Following their 1620 arrival to Plymouth, the Pilgrims began harvesting the indigenous pines; two decades later, they began exporting the wood as far as Madagascar.
Lacking domestic production of timber, and with imports from Russia and Sweden vulnerable to disruption, England included a mast-preservation clause in the 1691 Massachusetts Charter to ensure a reliable supply of 24-inch (61 cm) diameter trees for the Royal Navy. Surveyors marked trees appropriated to the Crown with the broad arrow symbol, but the so-called broad-arrow policy was never effectively enforced and colonists cut mast pines for sale on the black market.
In the Province of New Hampshire, enforcement led to the Pine Tree Riot in 1772, where a statute had been in effect since 1722 protecting 12-inch diameter trees. After being fined and refusing to pay for possessing trees marked with the broad arrow, a New Hampshire mill owner leading other mill owners and townsmen assaulted the sheriff and their deputy sent to arrest them by giving them one lash with a tree switch for every tree which the mill owners were fined, cutting the ears, manes, and tails off their horses, and forced them out of town through a jeering crowd. This was one of the first acts of forceful protest against British policies. It occurred almost two years prior to the more well-known Boston Tea Party protest and three years before open hostilities began at the Battles of Lexington and Concord.
According to legend, months prior to Colonel Joseph Reed's suggestion for using the pine, the pine was used on the flag that the colonists flew at the Battle of Bunker Hill in June 1775, though this is disputed by modern scholars. The historically accepted flag has a red field with the green pine tree in the upper left corner as depicted in John Trumbull's The Death of General Warren at the Battle of Bunker's Hill, June 17, 1775 painting. Provided Reed was aware of the Bunker Hill flag, there was a precedent to incorporate the pine in another Colonial martial flag.
Given the pine tree's significance to the colonists and since the flag was to fly over colonial warships, the pine offered an appropriate and ironic symbol, as it flew atop the very structure for which the British had sought to harvest the white pine.
The flag of Maine, the "pine tree state", featured a pine tree on a buff field with a blue star in the canton from 1901 to 1909.
Appeal To Heaven
The phrase is a particular expression of the right of revolution used by British philosopher John Locke in chapter 14 of their Second Treatise on Civil Government which was published in 1690 as part of Two Treatises of Government refuting the theory of the divine right of kings.
Locke's works were well-known and frequently quoted by colonial leaders, being the most quoted authority on the government in the 1760–1776 period prior to American independence. Locke's specific writing that most influenced the American philosophy of government was their Two Treatises of Government. In fact, Richard Henry Lee, a signer of the Declaration of Independence, saw the Declaration as being copied from that work. Locke was not only one of the most-cited political philosophers during the Founding Era, but the single most frequently-cited source in the years from 1760–1776 (the period leading up to the Declaration of Independence).
Prior to Colonel Reed's suggestion and Massachusetts General Court establishing the Pine Tree flag as the standard of the Massachusetts navy, "an appeal to Heaven" or similar expressions had been invoked by the Massachusetts Provincial Congress in several resolutions, Patrick Henry in their Liberty or Death speech, and the Second Continental Congress in the Declaration of the Causes and Necessity of Taking Up Arms. Subsequently, it was used again by the Second Continental Congress in the Declaration of Independence.
Modern usage
The flag was prominently displayed in the introduction credits to HBO's John Adams miniseries (2008), referring to John Adams' proud, staunch New England identity.
In the 2010s, the flag became appropriated as a religious and political symbol by some conservative and nationalist activists within the United States.
In 2013, the flag was seen at a Million Vet March where it flew behind Sarah Palin in photographs. At the time, commentator Andrew Sullivan discussed the relevance of the flag's appearance, focusing on the connections between the historical message of the flag and its modern usage by political conservatives. In 2015, the Freedom From Religion Foundation demanded the flag's removal from a county courthouse in Arkansas. Also in 2015, the Appeal to Heaven flag and slogan were adopted by a conservative religious movement using the same name. In 2019, Illinois State Representative Chris Miller made a public appearance with the flag to "help focus attention" on a National Day of Prayer. The flag was also flown by Trump supporters and rioters during the 2021 United States Capitol attack.
See also
Flag of New England
1901 Maine Flag
American Enlightenment
Thompson's War
Pine Tree Riot
References
External links
History of An Appeal to Heaven flag, Wallbuilders
Dutch Sheets Tells Story Behind the Appeal to Heaven Flag
Pine Tree Flag
Adejoke Aderonke Tugbiyele (born 1977) is a Nigerian-American multidisciplinary visual artist and activist.  They are known primarily as a sculptor, performer, and filmmaker, but has also worked in painting, drawing, and textiles. Them work deals with issues of human rights, queer rights and women's rights. They live in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.
Biography
Adejoke Aderonke Tugbiyele was born December 4, 1977 in Brooklyn, New York City, New York. In early childhood they moved with their family to Lagos, Nigeria. In high school they returned to New York City to attend the High School of Art and Design. They identify as queer.
Tugbiyele has a B.S. degree (2002) in architecture from New Jersey Institute of Technology; and a M.F.A. degree (2013) from the Rinehart School of Sculpture at Maryland Institute College of Art (MICA).
Tugbiyele's work has been influenced by artists including El Anatsui, Fela Kuti, Ai Weiwei, Kara Walker, Zanele Muholi, and Rotimi Fani-Kayode.
Tugbiyele has been affiliated with the Nigerian NGO, Initiative for Equal Rights which provides emergency assistance to LGBT Nigerians. They have served as a United States-based representative for Solidarity Alliance for Human Rights, a coalition of Nigerian organizations working for human rights, queer rights and activism, and to fight against HIV/AIDS.
Them work is in various public museum collections, including the Brooklyn Museum, and Museum of Modern Art, Warsaw.
References
Further reading
1977 births
Living people
American people of Nigerian descent
Artists from Lagos
Artists from Brooklyn
Maryland Institute College of Art alumni
New Jersey Institute of Technology alumni
High School of Art and Design alumni
LGBT artists from Nigeria
LGBT artists from the United States
LGBT rights activists from Nigeria
People from Ouagadougou
LGBT rights activists from the United States
Rachel Leland Levine (; born October 28, 1957) is an American pediatrician and a four-star admiral in the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps. They have served as the United States assistant secretary for health since March 26, 2021.
 They are a professor of pediatrics and psychiatry at the Penn State College of Medicine, and previously served as the Pennsylvania physician general from 2015 to 2017 and as secretary of the Pennsylvania Department of Health from 2017 to 2021. Levine is one of only a few openly transgender government officials in the United States, and is the first to hold an office that requires Senate confirmation. On October 19, 2021, Levine became the first openly transgender four-star officer in the nation's eight uniformed services.
Early life and education
Born on October 28, 1957, Levine is originally from Wakefield, Massachusetts. I parents, Melvin and Lillian Levine, were both lawyers. They have a sister, Bonnie Levine, who is four years older. Levine is Jewish and grew up attending Hebrew school. Levine earned a high school diploma from Belmont Hill School in Belmont, Massachusetts.
Levine graduated from Harvard College and the Tulane University School of Medicine and completed a residency in pediatrics and a postdoctoral fellowship in adolescent medicine at the Mount Sinai Medical Center in Manhattan, New York.
Career
After completing their training in pediatrics and psychiatry at New York City's Mount Sinai Hospital, Levine moved from Manhattan to central Pennsylvania in 1993 where they joined the faculty of the Penn State College of Medicine and the staff at Penn State Hershey Medical Center. During their tenure there, they created Penn State Hershey Medical Center's Division of Adolescent Medicine and the Penn State Hershey Eating Disorders Program. They were in charge of the latter when they were nominated for the position of Pennsylvania physician general in 2015.
Pennsylvania Department of Health
In 2015, Levine was nominated by Pennsylvania Governor-elect Tom Wolf to serve as Pennsylvania's physician general. In one of their most lauded actions as physician general, Levine signed an order allowing law enforcement officers to carry the anti-overdose medication naloxone. In less than a year, this policy saved nearly 1,000 lives in the state.
In July 2017, Governor Wolf appointed Levine as Secretary of Health, and they were unanimously confirmed by the Pennsylvania State Senate.
COVID-19 response
During 2020 and until January 23, 2021, Levine led the public health response on COVID-19 in Pennsylvania as the state secretary of health. They worked closely on a daily basis with the FEMA director and led a daily press briefing. Along with Gov. Tom Wolf, Levine faced criticism from a few Republican leaders over their handling of the pandemic, particularly with regard to nursing home patients.
On March 18, 2020, Levine directed Pennsylvania nursing homes to admit new patients, including stable patients recovering from the COVID-19 virus who were released from the hospital. Despite warnings from nursing home trade groups that such policies could unnecessarily cost more lives, there is no evidence that Levine placed COVID-positive patients in nursing home facilities or that their decision resulted in excess death among the elderly. Levine was also criticized for mishandling COVID data reporting and insufficiently addressing the long-standing oversight problems in Pennsylvania nursing homes that were exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. Levine faced further scrutiny in May 2020, when they moved their own mother out of a nursing home. In defending the move, Levine said, "My mother requested, and my sister and I, as their children, complied to move them to another location during the COVID-19 outbreak" and described their mother as "more than competent to make their own decisions." These issues were momentarily highlighted by Republican lawmakers after President Biden nominated Levine for the post of United States Assistant Secretary for Health. However, Levine's leadership during the COVID-19 pandemic has been widely praised as calm and steadfast by many Pennsylvanians and local media outlets.
Biden administration
On February 13, 2021, President Joe Biden formally nominated Levine to serve as Assistant Secretary for Health. Them confirmation hearing with the Senate HELP Committee took place on February 25. On March 17, the committee voted 13–9 to advance their nomination for a full Senate vote. On March 24, the Senate voted 52–48, with two Republicans joining all members of the Senate Democratic Caucus to confirm their nomination. Levine is the first openly transgender person to hold an office that requires Senate confirmation. On October 19, 2021, Levine was commissioned as a four-star admiral in the U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps, becoming the first openly transgender four-star officer in any of the United States uniformed services.  They are also the first female four-star admiral in the Commissioned Corps.
LGBTQ health disparities
Shortly after their confirmation, Levine told NBC News that LGBTQ youth are topmost in their mind when it comes to addressing health disparities in the United States. They cited bullying, suicide, discriminatory policies, and isolation during the COVID-19 pandemic as pressing issues among LGBTQ youth. Levine has also expressed concerns about vaccine hesitancy among LGBTQ youth who are more likely to experience medical distrust and less likely to seek medical care.
During an April 2022 speech at Texas Christian University, Levine criticized "disturbing - and frankly discriminatory - laws and actions" that many states have implemented that affect the lives of LGBTQ youth. In an interview with NPR, they cited a range of policies, including Florida's "Don't Say Gay" bill and Texas' push to investigate parents who provide gender-affirming care to their transgender children. Arguing that such policies are based on politics rather than public health, Levine encouraged people to contact the Office for Civil Rights when they feel they are being discriminated against and vowed to provide support to those who contact them office.
Personal life
Levine has two children. They transitioned from male to female in 2011. Levine and their ex-wife, Martha Peaslee Levine, married in 1988, during Levine's last year of medical school, and divorced in 2013. They have served as a board member of Equality Pennsylvania, an LGBT rights organization.
Honors
Levine was named as one of USA Today's women of the year in 2022, which recognizes women who have made a significant impact.
Awards and decorations
Publications
See also
List of transgender political office-holders
References
External links
Biography at U.S. Department of Health & Human Services
Pennsylvania Secretary of Health profile
Living people
1957 births
State cabinet secretaries of Pennsylvania
Harvard University alumni
Tulane University alumni
LGBT government ministers
Transgender academics
Transgender politicians
LGBT physicians
Transgender women
Jewish physicians
Transgender Jews
LGBT people from Massachusetts
LGBT people from Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania State University faculty
United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps officers
United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps admirals
United States Public Health Service personnel
Biden administration personnel
American women academics
American women physicians
is a Japanese set decorator. They were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Art Direction along with So Matsuyama for their work in Rashomon (1950).
References
External links
Japanese set decorators
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Place of birth missing
Place of death missing
The 1988 Columbia Lions football team was an American football team that represented Columbia University during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Columbia ended a five-year losing streak with two wins, and tied for next-to-last in the Ivy League.
In their third and final season under head coach Larry McElreavy, the Lions compiled a 2–8 record and were outscored 303 to 140. John Alex was the team captain.
The Lions' 2–5 conference record tied for sixth in the Ivy League standings. Columbia was outscored 177 to 103 by Ivy opponents.
After losing all of their games in 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1987, Columbia entered the season on a 44-game winless streak, and 41-game loss streak, dating back to the 1983 season. Both were all-time NCAA Division I football records at the time. By registering a victory over Princeton in the fourth week of the 1988 season, Columbia ended the streak at 44 straight losses and 47 games without a win.
Columbia played its homes games at Lawrence A. Wien Stadium in Upper Manhattan, in New York City.
Schedule
References
Columbia
Columbia Lions football seasons
Columbia Lions football
"Eye for an Eye" is the first single by metal band Soulfly, released in 1998. The song is the first track of the debut album Soulfly. However, "Eye for an Eye" is the tenth single written by Max Cavalera overall. Their last single was Sepultura's "Ratamahatta" before they left the band and formed Soulfly. It has become Soulfly's trademark song, and is used at the closing of every Soulfly show since 1998.
The first Soulfly song features Fear Factory members Dino Cazares and Burton C. Bell as guests and plays fast, groovy riff lasting over 3½ minutes.
Track listing
Promo single
Cassette promo single
Personnel
Soulfly
Max Cavalera – vocals, guitar
Jackson Bandeira – guitar
Marcello D. Rapp – bass guitar
Roy "Rata" Moyorga – drums, percussion
Additional personnel
Dino Cazares – guitar
Burton C. Bell – vocals
Jorge Du Peixe – percussion
Gilmar Bolla Oito – percussion
Produced by Ross Robinson
Mixed by Andy Wallace
Designed by Modino Graphics
Photographed by Glen La Ferman
References
External links
Song Lyrics
Soulfly songs
Roadrunner Records singles
1998 songs
Songs written by Max Cavalera
1998 debut singles
Gordon Hyatt is an American writer and television producer. Hyatt is most well known for their work writing and producing CBS television documentaries, but has also been involved with public broadcasting as well as various civic and public service activities.
Personal life and education
Gordon Hyatt is the son of Mr. and Mrs. S. G. Hyatt of Lee, Massachusetts. Hyatt attended Lee High School for secondary education, and attended Boston University from 1952 to 1956, where they received a Bachelor of Fine Arts degree magna cum laude in theatre and drama criticism.
 They are married to author Carole Hyatt, and they have one daughter, Ariel. Gordon and Carole live in New York City and Stockbridge, Massachusetts. The conservatory of their Stockbridge home has been featured in New England Home magazine for its striking gothic revival architecture and design.
Career
Early work in theatre
While in college, Hyatt became the technical director for the Berkshire Playhouse in Stockbridge, Massachusetts. After graduating, they worked as a stage manager for a New York City revival of The Iceman Cometh, a play by American playwright Eugene O'Neill, starring Jason Robards, at the Circle in the Square Theatre.
Documentary producer
In 1961, Hyatt began writing and producing documentaries for WCBS-TV, the CBS flagship television station in New York City. Their critically praised 1961 film Our Vanishing Legacy is cited as the first prime time broadcast advocating historical preservation efforts in New York City.
In 1962, Hyatt worked with reporter Robert Trout to produce a documentary on mansions and residential architecture in Manhattan. Titled La Vie Elegante, the film featured the homes of Joseph Pulitzer, Leonard Jerome, Henry Villard and Otto Hermann Kahn. Later Hyatt produced and wrote A Question of Values, reporting on the evolution of the luxury apartment in Manhattan. They also worked with Trout on the 1964 documentary Reflections on the Fair, a critical review of the 1964 New York World's Fair focusing on four different pavilions.
Further production work with CBS included work with journalist Mike Wallace writing and producing critically lauded documentaries on pop art and op art, two major forms of modern art in the 1960s. Hyatt wrote an article for the Columbia Journalism Review regarding this experience.
Many of Hyatt's other CBS documentaries focused on the culture, history and future of New York City, including architecture, the modern art scene, and residential trends.
From 1974 to 1976, Hyatt was the executive producer of the 51st State, a WNET a weekly television news series focusing on New York City. The series was critically praised, and in 1976 they received a New York Emmy Award for this work.
At the end of the 1970s, Hyatt produced, wrote and directed a documentary film titled Sadat's Eternal Egypt featuring Egyptian president Anwar Sadat and correspondent Walter Cronkite.
Notable production work continued into the 1980s, with the 1988 PBS broadcast of Into the Mainstream, a half-hour biographical documentary of Ivonne Mosquera, a young blind girl from Venezuela learning to cope with life in Manhattan as well as similarly aged children with sight.
Hyatt continued producing into the 1990s, producing a WNET special on energy conservation titled Smart Choices and a TLC educational program about Mark Twain's Huckleberry Finn.
Other activities
As a result of their CBS films encouraging historical preservation in New York City, Hyatt was elected as secretary of the Municipal Art Society from 1973 to 1982. While serving, they traveled on the 1976 Landmarks Special train to Washington, D.C. along with Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, writer Brendan Gill, and several hundred protesters who successfully demonstrated in support of the Landmarks Law, which the Supreme Court subsequently upheld, defeating the plans of a developer who wanted to demolish Grand Central Terminal.
In 1980, Hyatt was appointed to the Art Commission of the City of New York by mayor Ed Koch. While on the commission, they initiated a major restoration of the Governor's Room in New York City Hall. After completing their term, they served as president and as secretary of the Associates of the Art Commission.
As project director celebrating the 150th Anniversary of the publication of Moby-Dick, Hyatt produced a gala benefit at Ozawa Hall at Tanglewood on October 13, 2001, hosted by Peter Jennings and featuring Sam Waterston, Ossie Davis, Fritz Weaver, Tina Packer and Edward Herrmann performing excerpts from the novel. For the Nathaniel Hawthorne bicentennial celebrations in 2004, Hyatt produced Hawthorne Revisited, a collection of essays covering Hawthorne's life, career and literary reputation. They also directed a Hawthorne exhibition at the Lenox Library and produced "Hawthorne Revisited'" on October 9, 2004, which was a gala at Ozawa Hall featuring Mike Wallace, Jane Fonda, David Strathairn and Marisa Tomei.
In October 2012, Hyatt conceived and produced "Celebrating Moby-Dick," a South Street Seaport Museum benefit performance featuring actors Matthew Broderick, Jonathan Epstein and John Douglas Thompson representing characters in Herman Melville's novel with narration by author and historian Nathaniel Philbrick.
Hyatt served on the Chesterwood Council, an organization dedicated to the preservation of Chesterwood, the estate and studio of American sculptor Daniel Chester French. At Chesterwood, they produced the 75th anniversary celebration of the Lincoln Memorial, with a Tanglewood concert presenting Aaron Copland's Lincoln Portrait. Hyatt also serves along with their wife Carole as a board member of Shakespeare & Company, a theatre company located in Lenox, Massachusetts.
Awards and honors
Hyatt's 1966 documentary about photographer John Albok, titled John Albok's New York, won a CINE Golden Eagle award, was nominated for a New York Emmy, and was a finalist for the Martin Luther King Jr. Film Festival.
In 2006, the Institute of Classical Architecture & Classical America and the New York Preservation Archive Project sponsored a film series featuring a selection of six of Hyatt's films, honoring their contributions to the studies of 1960s-era New York City.
References
American television journalists
Living people
American male journalists
Year of birth missing (living people)
St. Catherine International Airport is an airport serving St. Catherine (or St. Katherine), Saint Katherine city in the South Sinai Governorate of Egypt. It is located about 20 km (12 mi.) northeast of the city, which is near Mount Sinai.
Airlines and destinations
There are currently no scheduled services to and from the airport. In 2011, the airport served 247 passengers (-72.6% vs. 2010).
References
External links
Airports in Egypt
Nand Lal Meena is a MLA and State Tribal Area Development Minister in Government of Rajasthan led by Vasundhara Raje of Bharatiya Janata Party. They were minister of tribal area development. They were elected to Rajasthan Legislative Assembly from Pratapgarh district of Rajasthan.  They are a former member of Parliamant Lok Sabha and represented Salumbar. They were born on 25 January 1946 and studied for BA and LLB. They reside in their village Ambamata near a distance of 5 k.m. form Pratapgarh District Headquarters.
References
1946 births
Living people
Rajasthan MLAs 2013–2018
People from Pratapgarh district, Rajasthan
State cabinet ministers of Rajasthan
India MPs 1989–1991
Lok Sabha members from Rajasthan
Members of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Rajasthan
People from Udaipur district
Times Record News is a daily newspaper established in 1907 in Wichita Falls, Texas and owned by Gannett.
From 1976 until 1997, the Times Record News was part of Harte Hanks chain, when Scripps acquired the paper.
The Times Record News also publishes the Sheppard Senator, the local newspaper serving the military stationed in Wichita Falls at Sheppard Air Force Base, named for the late U.S. Senator Morris Sheppard of Texarkana.
References
External links
Newspapers published in Texas
Wichita Falls, Texas
Wichita County, Texas
Gannett publications
Publications established in 1907
Daily newspapers published in the United States
1907 establishments in Texas
Opus Jay World Tour () is the fifth live album by Taiwanese singer Jay Chou, released on 10 May 2016 by JVR Music and included a date filmed at Taipei Arena on 6 September 2013 from the Opus Jay World Tour.
Track listing
DVD
"Opening"
"Exclamation Point" (驚嘆號)
"Dragon Fist" (龍拳)
"The Final Battle" (最後的戰役)
"The Rooftop" (天台) feat. Devon Song
"A Larger Cello" (比較大的大提琴) feat. Cindy Yen, Gary Yang, Devon Song & Darren Chiu
"Slow Dance" (快門慢舞) feat. Cindy Yen & Darren Chiu
"Fight Dance" (打架舞) feat. Devon Song & Darren Chiu
"You are Everywhere" (哪裡都是你)
"All the Way North" (一路向北)
"Secret That Can't Be Told" (不能說的秘密)
"Nunchucks" (雙截棍)
"Obviously" (明明就)
"Mine Mine"
"Tornado" (龍捲風)
"Eunuch With a Headache" (公公偏頭痛)
"Blue and White Porcelain" (青花瓷)
"Basketball Match" (鬥牛) / "Sailor Afraid of Water" (水手怕水) / "Big Ben" (大笨鐘)
"Rainbow" (彩虹) / "Orbit" (軌跡)
"Sign Language" (手語)
"I Find it Hard to Say" (開不了口)
"Ukulele" (烏克麗麗)
"Sunshine Homeboy" (陽光宅男) feat. Cindy Yen, Gary Yang, Devon Song & Darren Chiu
CD 1
"Exclamation Point" (驚嘆號)
"Dragon Fist" (龍拳)
"The Final Battle" (最後的戰役)
"The Rooftop" (天台) feat. Devon Song
"A Larger Cello" (比較大的大提琴) feat. Cindy Yen, Gary Yang, Devon Song & Darren Chiu
"Slow Dance" (快門慢舞) feat. Cindy Yen & Darren Chiu
"Fight Dance" (打架舞) feat. Devon Song & Darren Chiu
"You are Everywhere" (哪裡都是你)
"All the Way North" (一路向北)
"Secret That Can't Be Told" (不能說的秘密)
"Nunchucks" (雙截棍)
CD 2
"Obviously" (明明就)
"Mine Mine"
"Tornado" (龍捲風)
"Eunuch with a Headache" (公公偏頭痛)
"Blue and White Porcelain" (青花瓷)
"Basketball Match" (鬥牛) / "Sailor Afraid of Water" (水手怕水) / "Big Ben" (大笨鐘)
"Rainbow" (彩虹) / "Orbit" (軌跡)
"Sign Language" (手語)
"I Find it Hard to Say" (開不了口)
"Ukulele" (烏克麗麗)
"Sunshine Homeboy" (陽光宅男) feat. Cindy Yen, Gary Yang, Devon Song & Darren Chiu
References
External links
Jay Chou discography@JVR Music
2013 live albums
Albums recorded at the Taipei Arena
Jay Chou albums
Sony Music Taiwan albums
The 2018 United Bowl was the championship game of the 2018 Indoor Football League season. It was played between the Sioux Falls Storm and the Iowa Barnstormers. The game was played at Wells Fargo Arena in Des Moines, Iowa.
This was the Sioux Falls Storm's ninth consecutive United Bowl appearance; prior to the game, they held a United Bowl record of 6–2. This was the Iowa Barnstormers' first United Bowl appearance after joining the IFL in 2015 from the Arena Football League.
Venue
The game was played at Wells Fargo Arena in Des Moines, Iowa, as the Iowa Barnstormers had the home field advantage by cause of being the higher seeded team in the playoffs.
Background
Sioux Falls Storm
The Storm began the season with a 39–33 loss to the Arizona Rattlers before embarking on a four-game win streak, including a 52–40 victory over the Barnstormers on March 18. After another loss to the Rattlers on April 16, the Storm won seven of their final eight games, finishing the season with a record of 11–3, earning third place. On June 23, the Storm defeated the Rattlers in the first round of the playoffs in overtime by a score of 69–68, earning their place in the United Bowl for the ninth consecutive year.
Iowa Barnstormers
The Barnstormers opened the 2018 season on February 25 with a 41–20 victory over the Green Bay Blizzard. After losing two of their next four games, including a 52–40 loss to the Storm on March 18, the Barnstormers won eight of their final nine, with their only loss being against the Storm by a score of 51–49. The Barnstormers finished the season with a record of 11–3, earning first place and home field advantage in the playoffs. In the first round, the Barnstormers defeated the Nebraska Danger 42–17 to reach the 2018 United Bowl.
Box score
References
United Bowl
Sports competitions in Iowa
United Bowl
Sioux Falls Storm
Iowa Barnstormers
United Bowl
United Bowl
Matteo Solini (born 9 March 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays as a defender for Como.
Career
Youth career
Born in Bussolengo, the Province of Verona, Veneto region, Solini started their career at Verona club Chievo. In August 2009 Lombard club and defending Serie A champion of that year, Internazionale, signed Solini in co-ownership deal for €300,000. Solini suppressed the seasonal transfer record of U17 team, which Inter paid €220,000 for Manuel Canini on 23 July. However, Solini only played 1 season for Inter U17 team and Canini only half. Solini was a member for Italy U17 team in 2010 UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship qualification, which eliminated in October 2009. Since August 2010 Solini returned to Chievo for its reserve. In June 2012, Inter finally gave up the 50% registration rights back of Solini and Canini to Chievo and Cesena respectively as well as Chievo gave up to remain 50% registration rights of Enrico Alfonso to Inter. However, for accounting purpose, half of the card of Alfonso and Solini were both priced for €1.1 million.
Serie C loans
Solini signed their first professional contract for Chievo in summer 2012. The first club since graduated from the reserve team was Castiglione. They were regularly in the starting line-up for the Lombard team in Italian fourth division. On 10 July 2013 Solini and Chievo team-mate Valerio Anastasi were signed by Reggiana in temporary deal and co-ownership deal respectively . Chievo also signed Federico Scappi as part of the swap deal. In 2014–1015, moved on loan to Real Vicenza that plays in Lega Pro.
On 7 July 2015 they moved to Renate along with Simone Moschin.
One year later they moved to Arezzo with Kevin Yamga
Como
On 15 July 2019, they signed a 2-year contract with Serie C club Como.
Notes
References
External links
AIC profile (data by football.it)
Italian footballers
A.C. ChievoVerona players
Inter Milan players
A.C. Reggiana 1919 players
A.C. Renate players
S.S. Arezzo players
A.C. Carpi players
Modena F.C. players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
Reggina 1914 players
Como 1907 players
Serie C players
Italy youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from the Province of Verona
1993 births
Living people
Footballers from Veneto
Bel Assis is Mo Foster's first album. They produced all the tracks, with engineering and mixing by Simon Smart.
Bel Assis was originally released on Pete Van Hooke's fledgling MMC record label in 1988 and was subsequently remastered and re-released in 2003 by Angel Air Records.
Track listing
"The Light In Your Eyes" – 5:42
"A Walk In The Country" – 4:31
"Gaia" – 6:27
"Crete Revisited" – 4:44
"So Far Away" – 3:47
"Analytical Engine" – 5:01
"Pump II" – 6:05
"Jaco" – 6:11
"Bel Assis" – 3:43
"And Then There Were Ten" – 5:01
"Nomad" – 8:10
All tracks were written by Foster, with the exception of tracks 5 and 10 which were written by Foster and Ray Russell.
Personnel
Mo Foster – Basses, Keyboards
Simon Phillips – Drums
Gary Moore – Guitar
Stan Sulzman – Soprano Sax
Ray Russell – Guitars
Frank Ricotti – Vibraphone
Peter Van Hooke – Electronic Percussion
Rod Argent – Keyboards
Dave Defries – Trumpet
Sal Gallina – Electronic Wind Instruments
Technical details
The album was recorded on 24 track analogue at 30ips without noise reduction. It was mixed to 2-track analogue using Dolby SR. It was mastered to the 1610 format and PQ edited at EMI's Abbey Road Studio
It was recorded between October 1987 and January 1988 at several studios:
Last Chance Recordings, London, England
The White House Studio, Suffolk, England
The Red House Studio, Bedfordshire, England
Eastcote Studio, London, England
Windmill Lane Studios, Dublin, Ireland
Additional technical staff
Additional engineers:
Richard Dodd
Norman Goodman
Graham Lyons
Neil Richmond
Keiron Wheeler
Pat McCarthy
Fran Kelly
1988 debut albums
Mo Foster albums
The Airbus Helicopters X6 is a design concept for a 19-seat twin-engined heavy lift helicopter to replace the Airbus Helicopters H225. Development was stopped in early 2018.
Development
In June 2015, Airbus Helicopters announced the start of a two-year concept development phase including a customer advisory panel: it will be targeted at the commercial transport market, the oil and gas industry work and for search and rescue work, aiming for entry into service around 2022-23.
In June 2017, the European Commission approved €377 million ($420 million) of repayable state aid, due to be paid back over eight years : €330 million from France and €47.25 million from Germany.
It would be the first Airbus commercial helicopter controlled by fly-by-wire and should offer lower noise and a 15-20% reductions in fuel burn and direct operating costs compared to current aircraft.
The Safran Aneto was proposed to power the 11 t class helicopter.
In January 2018, its development was suspended as it is lacking disruptive fly-by-wire and engine suppliers, and while the military and parapublic H225 market stayed strong in 2017 with 44 orders, the offshore oil and gas market shrank; the €377 million French and German refundable launch aid is not yet allocated but could be used if the X6 is launched.
The offshore oil and gas market continued to shrink with the North Sea oilfield, its primary market, continuing to be depleted and the oil price presently too low to finance new operations.
See also
Eurocopter X3
References
Further reading
Airbus aircraft
X6
International proposed aircraft
Twin-turbine helicopters
Pohulanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Zalesie Krasieńskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Lucas wedge is an economic measure of how much higher the gross domestic product would have been if it grew as fast as it should have. It shows the loss from deadweight caused by poor or inefficient economic policy choices. A Lucas wedge was named after Robert E. Lucas Jr. an American who won the 1995 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for their research on rational expectations.
The Lucas wedge is not the same as the Okun's Law. While they are similar and often confused, the gap from Okun's Law measures the difference over a period of time between the actual GDP and the GDP that would have been realized at full employment. Over time the Lucas wedge compounds and increases and so it is usually larger than the gap from Okun's Law. This shows that a real goal of economic policy should be more than just realizing full employment but should also be in investments in productivity which would reduce the Lucas wedge.
The Lucas wedge is sometimes expressed in per capita to reflect how much better a person's standard of living would be in the absence of this gap.
References
Economic theories
Gross domestic product
1995 in economics
Economics laws
Ziridava kanshireiensis is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in Taiwan and on the Philippines, Borneo and Peninsular Malaysia.
References
Moths described in 1958
Eupitheciini
Moths of Borneo
The Thalassa Hellas class is a series of 10 container ships built for Enesel and operated by Evergreen Marine. The ships have a maximum theoretical capacity of 13,808 TEU. The ships were built by Hyundai Heavy Industries in South Korea.
List of ships
See also
Evergreen G-class container ship
Triton-class container ship
References
Container ship classes
Ships built by Hyundai Heavy Industries Group
Sochi Cup is a men's one-day cycle race which takes place in Sochi, Russia and was rated by the UCI as 1.2 and forms part of the UCI Europe Tour.
Winners
References
Cycle races in Russia
Sport in Sochi
St. Gregory's College, St. Gregory College, or variants, may refer to:
St. Gregory's University, formerly St. Gregory's College, Shawnee, Oklahoma, U.S.
St Gregory's College, Campbelltown, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia
St Gregory's College, Lagos, in Nigeria
Saint Gregory's Catholic College, in Odd Down, Bath, England
St Gregory's Catholic Science College, in Kenton, London Borough of Harrow, England
St. Gregory College of Valenzuela, in the Philippines
Colegio de San Gregorio, a former college, now museum, in Valladolid, Castile and León, Spain
Liceo Saint Gregory's, in Rosario, Rengo, Cachapoal Province, Chile
See also
St Gregory's School (disambiguation)
Operation Sustainable Human is a 2019 book by Chris Macdonald about optimised climate action. The book briefly outlines the main challenges of climate change and largely focuses on the most impactful climate solutions.
Tagline
A four-step scientific guide to combat climate change (high impact made simple)
Publications
Macdonald, Chris. Operation Sustainable Human. Illuminate Press. . Paperback edition
Macdonald, Chris. Operation Sustainable Human. Illuminate Press. . Kindle edition
Macdonald, Chris. Operation Sustainable Human. Illuminate Press. . Audiobook edition
References
Climate change
Sustainability
Environment and society
Climate action plans
2019 non-fiction books
Crecy or the Battle of Crécy was a battle between the English and French in 1346.
Crecy may also refer to:
Places
Aunay-sous-Crécy, a commune in France
Crécy-en-Ponthieu, a commune in France
Crécy-sur-Serre, a commune in France
Estrées-lès-Crécy, a commune in France
Montigny-sur-Crécy, a commune in France
Crécy-la-Chapelle, a commune in France
Canton of Crécy-la-Chapelle, a canton in France
Canton of Crécy-en-Ponthieu, a canton in France
Canton of Crécy-sur-Serre, a canton in France
Crécy-la-Chapelle station, a train station in France
Crecy Hill, Tackley, Oxfordshire, England, UK; a hill
People
Louis de Verjus, comte de Crécy (1629–1709), a French politician and diplomat
People with the surname
Étienne de Crécy (born 1969), French DJ and producer
Hugh of Crécy (died 1147), French rebel and assassin
Sgt. Warren G. H. Crecy, WWII U.S. tank commander
Fictional characters
Odette De Crecy, a character from the novel In Search of Lost Time (À la recherche du temps perdu) by Marcel Proust
Other uses
Crécy (comics), a graphic novel set during the Crécy campaign
Rolls-Royce Crecy, an aero engine
Vickers Wellington or Crecy, a bomber
Battle of Crécy (1346) during the Hundred Years War
Crécy campaign, the English army campaign which culminated in the Battle of Crécy
See also
Henry Crécy Yarrow (1840–1928), U.S. biologist
Cressey (disambiguation)
Cressy (disambiguation)
João Tavares Almeida (born 12 December 1998) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Feirense as a midfielder.
Football career
On 11 November 2017, Tavares made their professional debut with Feirense in a 2017–18 Taça da Liga match against Moreirense.
References
External links
National team data
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Santa Maria da Feira
Portuguese footballers
Association football midfielders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
C.D. Feirense players
S.C. Braga B players
C.D. Mafra players
Portugal youth international footballers
Ghost Hunters International (abbreviated as GHI) is a spin-off series of Ghost Hunters that aired on Syfy (formerly Sci-Fi). The series premiered on January 9, 2008 and ended on April 4, 2012. Like its parent series, GHI is a reality series that followed a team of paranormal investigators; whereas, the original series primarily covers only locations within the United States, the GHI team traveled around the world and documented some of the world's most legendary haunted locations.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2008–09)
Season 2 (2009–11)
Season 3 (2011–12)
See also
Ghost Hunters International home media releases
References
External links
Ghost Hunters International at tv.msn.com
Episodes
Lists of American non-fiction television series episodes
The Train of Many Metals (also referred to as TOMM) is one of the New York Transit Museum's nostalgia trains used for excursions on the B Division. The name refers to most of the cars that were preserved being constructed from stainless steel, and in reference to the Train of Many Colors.
The train made its first run in August 2014, when some of the cars were used on an excursion to The Rockaways as part of celebrating the restoration of service on the IND Rockaway Line. In general, cars may be used to commemorate a special occasion.
Some of the cars are housed in the New York Transit Museum when not used for excursions. Others are stored at the 207th Street Yard.
List of cars and colors
References
New York City Subway rolling stock
Dudley Wood (born 9 July 1946) is a British former racing driver.
Wood began their professional career in the World Championship for Drivers and Makes in 1981 and finished 13th in points. They then drove in the World Sportscar Championship from 1982 to 1990. They drove in the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1989 and 1990 driving a Spice SE87C for GP Motorsport/Roy Baker Racing, finishing third and fourth in the C2 class those two years, respectively.
References
1946 births
Living people
British racing drivers
24 Hours of Le Mans drivers
IMSA GT Championship drivers
World Sportscar Championship drivers
The Thad Jones Mel Lewis Quartet is a live album by the Thad Jones Mel Lewis Quartet recorded in 1977 in Miami and released on the Artists House labels in 1978.
Reception
Allmusic reviewer by Scott Yanow said "This is one of the finest small-group sessions of cornetist Thad Jones' career ... Jones plays at their peak ... Four of the songs are at least nine minutes long (two are over 15 minutes), yet Jones never loses their momentum. The musicians constantly surprise each other and there are many spontaneous moments during this often brilliant outing".
Track listing
"But Not for Me" (George Gershwin) − 16:30
"This Can't Be Love" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) − 3:52
"Autumn Leaves" (Joseph Kosma, Jacques Prévert, Johnny Mercer) − 15:25
"What Is This Thing" (Mel Lewis, Thad Jones) − 4:45
"Love for Sale" (Cole Porter) − 9:24 Additional track on CD reissue
"Things Ain't What They Used to Be" (Mercer Ellington, Ted Persons) − 12:18 Additional track on CD reissue
Personnel
Thad Jones − cornet, flugelhorn
Harold Danko − piano
Rufus Reid − bass
Mel Lewis − drums
References
Artists House live albums
Thad Jones live albums
Mel Lewis live albums
1978 live albums
New Georgian Ballet (; ) is a non-repertory theatre of modern dance, founded by Georgian choreographer Tamaz Vashakidze in Tbilisi, Georgia, in 1993.
The Ballets Russes of Sergei Diaghilev was an aesthetic guideline for the newborn theatre. An organizing principle was non-repertory project.
Overview
People's Artist of Georgia Tamaz Vashakidze became its artistic director and tutors were People's Artists of Georgia Vera Tsignadze and Zurab Kikaleishvili, and Merited Artist of Georgia Tsiskari Balanchivadze.
The first number which was produced in newborn theatre was a number “We begin” on medley from products of Bach, Beethoven, Mozart, Chopin, Wagner, Rimsky-Korsakov, Liszt (with sound of kremlin chimes at the beginning). The performers: artistic leader of “New Georgian Ballet” Tamaz Vashakidze and artist on light Vladislav Vlasov (who is technical director of Tovstonogov BDT today), artist on suit Eka Turmanidze. The first-night took place in 1993 in Tbilisi academic theatre of the opera and ballet, the first show outside Georgia — in the same year in St. Petersburg state conservatory.
The theatre's debut took place in 1994 with the first performance of the production Class-Concert at the International Ballet Festival in Aspendos, Turkey. The debut featured ballet artists of the Tbilisi Z. Paliashvili State Academic Theatre of Opera and Ballet: M. Zurashvili, E. Bezirgani, Yu. Sorokin, K. Muhashavriya, L. Bakhtadze, L. Chkhikvishvili, M. Chikovani, K. Bakradze, L. Khozashvili, O. Kuznetsova, N. Ochiauri, C. Cholokashvili, P. Khelashvili, Amaglobeli, M. Alpaidze, N. Godziashvili, N. Lozovaya, I. Fomenko, N. Kupunia, M. Aleksidze, K. Kvitsiani, N. Dzhigauri, V. Tsignadze, G. Kukuladze, A. Tsereteli, P. Godziashvili, Z. Revazishvili, V. Vlasov. This was the first tour in Turkey through the whole history of Georgian ballet.
Productions
From 1993 to 2008 director and choreography director of the theatre of modern dance "New Georgian Ballet" Tamaz Vashakidze produced 11 ballet performances:
1993: One-act performance "Loneliness to the music by Gustav Mahler
1993: Performance Class-Concert to the music by Pyotr Tchaikovsky, Gustav Mahler, Ludwig Minkus etc
1994: Variations to the theme by Alfred Schnittke
1995: Bolero to the music by Maurice Ravel
1996: Improvisations to the music by Ray Charles
1999: Suite Iavnana to the music by Pyotr Tchaikovsky
2002: One-act performance Prodigal Son to the music by Bidzina Kvernadze (co-directed by Kote Makharadze)
2004: Performance Mata Hari to the music by Sergei Prokofiev and Gogi Dzodzuashvili, and the songs by Edith Piaf
2004: Performance The Big Waltz to the music by Johann Strauss
2006: Polyphony to the music by Gogi Dzodzuashvili
2007: Performance The Knight — the first in Georgian history choreographic interpretation Shota Rustaveli's poem The Knight in Tiger Skin.
Mata Hari
The year of 2004 was marked by production of the drama performance Mata Hari to the music by Sergei Prokofiev and Gogi Dzodzuashvili, as well as the songs by Edith Piaf. This production combined drama and classic ballet art.
Director-producer: Tamaz Vashakidze (the artistic director of “New Georgian Ballet” theatre of modern dance). Designers: Anka Kalatozashvili and Guga Kotetishvili. Starring: Mata Hari — winner of the International Ballet Artists Award, Georgian ballet star Lali Kandelaki. Other ballet performers: Irakli Shengelia, Michail Menabde, Irakli Bahtadze, Lasha Hozashvili. Drama artists: Nika Tavadze, Kaha Bakuradze, Zaal Chikobiva, Erik Bablidze.
The Big Waltz
In 2004, the artistic director of “New Georgian Ballet” theatre of modern dance Tamaz Vashakidze produced the ballet The Big Waltz to the music by Johann Strauss. The first performance took place — for the first time ever! — in Balanchine's home country on 22 January 2004 at the Tbilisi Z. Paliashvili State Academic Theatre of Opera and Ballet as part of “George Balanchine Memorial Night” and was dedicated to the 100th anniversary of their great compatriot, as well as to Vakhtang Chabukiani's anniversary.
In 2005, by invitation of the Agency for Culture and Cinematography of Russia, the artistic director of “New Georgian Ballet” theatre Tamaz Vashakidze in co-operation with the “Russian Ballet” theatre (artistic director Vyacheslav Gordeev) produced the ballet “The Big Waltz”. Its world first night took place in Moscow in the Tchaikovsky Concert Hall.
In 2006, the first night of the ballet The Big Waltz took place at the Yekaterinburg State Academic Opera and Ballet Theatre.
References
External links
Web site of the "New Georgian Ballet" theatre of modern dance
Ballet in Georgia (country)
Ballet companies
Performing groups established in 1993
1993 establishments in Georgia (country)
HP ConvergedSystem is a portfolio of system-based products from Hewlett-Packard (HP) that integrates preconfigured IT components into systems for virtualization, cloud computing, big data, collaboration, converged management, and client virtualization. Composed of servers, storage, networking, and integrated software and services, the systems are designed to address the cost and complexity of data center operations and maintenance by pulling the IT components together into a single resource pool so they are easier to manage and faster to deploy. Where previously it would take three to six months from the time of order to get a system up and running, it now reportedly takes as few as 20 days with the HP ConvergedSystem.
HP ConvergedSystem uses a common Converged infrastructure architecture, the same common foundation used for all HP server, storage, and networking products.
HP Converged Infrastructure pools resources so that they can be shared across different applications while being managed from a standardized management platform and security software.
The convergence of server, storage, and networking can help user organizations save investment on equipment maintenance and management.
HP Converged Systems includes HP ConvergedSystem for Virtualization, for developing and managing virtualized environments; HP CloudSystem, for building and managing cloud computing services across private, public and hybrid clouds; HP ConvergedSystem for Big Data, for loading, analyzing and managing vast quantities of data;
HP ConvergedSystem for Collaboration, for configuration and deployment of Microsoft unified communications software; HP OneView for converged infrastructure management; and HP ConvergedSystem for Client Virtualization, for running Virtual desktop infrastructure.
HP CloudSystem is an integrated cloud infrastructure for delivering private, public, and hybrid cloud services. It integrates HP cloud software with HP servers, storage, and networking technologies into a single system.
The HP OneView converged infrastructure management product provides a unified interface that lets users automate formerly labor-intensive manual Data center management and maintenance tasks, as part of a Software-defined data center.
HP ConvergedSystem for Virtualization
HP ConvergedSystem for Virtualization consists of a series of integrated server, storage and networking infrastructures that offer Scalability with modular virtualization systems that can support 50 to 1,000 Virtual machines each. The HP ConvergedSystem 300, designed to support 50 to 300 virtual machines, comes configured with HP ProLiant servers. The HP ConvergedSystem 700 is designed for larger enterprise installations of 100 to more than 1,000 virtual machines and comes configured with HP BladeSystem servers. For both models, customers can choose between VMware or Microsoft virtualization environments. Customers of the 700 model can also install their own virtualization software. All of the models are managed from a single console. It has been reported that HP ConvergedSystem for Virtualization performs twice as fast and costs 25 percent less than competing systems.
HP CloudSystem
HP CloudSystem is used by enterprises and service providers to build and manage private, public and hybrid cloud services. The system includes a consumer-style user interface and streamlined management tools. Based on HP Converged Infrastructure, HP CloudSystem modular infrastructure and HP Cloud Service Automation Software, CloudSystem integrates servers, storage, networking, security, and management to automate the application and infrastructure lifecycle for service delivery via private and hybrid clouds.
HP CloudSystem is a component of HP Converged Cloud, which combines software and cloud services into a unified set of packages and under a single unified architecture.
HP CloudSystem is built on HP Cloud OS, which features OpenStack technology and enables users to choose from multiple Hypervisors and operating systems, including those from Microsoft and VMware. HP CloudSystem can automatically shift workloads to external clouds during busy periods, based on pre-defined business policies. Supported public clouds include those from Arsys and SFR, as well as Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Windows Azure. This function is commonly known as cloud bursting.
HP CloudSystem has lifecycle management tools to automate the process of application provisioning, customization and configuration, patch management and retirement. HP CloudSystem Foundation features the core components. Additional management capabilities and a simplified installation are included with HP CloudSystem Enterprise.
HP ConvergedSystem for Big Data
HP ConvergedSystem for Big Data provides workload-specific, single-purpose systems that support tasks for which performance is critical, such as Data analytics, Data warehousing, and business applications. Software applications are pre-integrated and designed for the integrated hardware, networking, and storage components. The HP ConvergedSystem 300 for Vertica is designed for businesses that run the HP Vertica data analytics solution. The system works with the Cloudera, Hortonworks, and MapR versions of Apache Hadoop. It has been reported that the system can operate from 50 to 1,000 times faster than competitors' data warehouse offerings. The HP ConvergedSystem 300 for Microsoft Analytics Platform System (APS) includes SQL Server Parallel Data Warehouse (PDW) and can be configured with HDInsight Hadoop nodes. It is possible to run PolyBase queries against SQL Server PDW and Cloudera, Apache, or Hortonworks HDP nodes.
The HP ConvergedSystem 500 for SAP HANA operates the SAP HANA in-memory data management platform for data analytics and data warehousing. It has been reported that the system can process data analytics twice as fast as competing systems for SAP HANA. The HP ConvergedSystem 500 for SAP HANA includes ConvergedSystem 500 hardware and HP ServiceGuard for SAP HANA, a data management tool that protects against unscheduled downtime by providing the capability for automatic failover. The HP ConvergedSystem 500 for SAP HANA enables users to run data analytics and Enterprise resource planning (ERP) on the same workload-based system. It has been reported that data analytics processes that used to take days or weeks to run can now be accessed in real-time. The HP ConvergedSystem 900 for SAP HANA is designed to manage and analyze very large and varied data sets. It has been reported that the HP ConvergedSystem 900 for SAP HANA is capable of supplying 12 terabytes of data in one memory pool.
HP ConvergedSystem for Collaboration
HP ConvergedSystem for Collaboration integrates hardware, software and services to provide Unified communications for specific platforms. The pre-supplied workload configurations include the HP Collaboration Solutions for Microsoft SharePoint Server. These include HP SharePoint Business Decision for business intelligence and combines HP ProLiant Gen8 servers with SharePoint 2013 and SQL Server's Power View. It has been reported that the system takes less than an hour to install and launch.
HP ConvergedSystems Solutions for Microsoft Exchange Server is designed for users to deploy a business email system in a modular, simplified manner. HP Converged Systems Solutions for Microsoft Lync Server streamlines deployment of Microsoft Lync communications for voice, instant messaging and video and includes a reference architecture for small to medium enterprises.
HP OneView for Converged Infrastructure Management
HP OneView for converged infrastructure management enables data center administrators to perform automated lifecycle management for HP servers, as part of a software-defined data center. Unlike legacy converged infrastructure management software, which focuses on managing devices, HP OneView is designed to help administrators enable tasks. Administrators can view resources and their relationships through a visual map and use the Representational state transfer (REST) application programming interface (API) to automate system management tasks.
The HP OneView interface is modeled after consumer applications, to more efficiently manage HP BladeSystem and HP ProLiant generation 7 and 8 servers, with support for HP Moonshot Arm servers planned. It has been reported that because of HP OneView's deep knowledge of these servers and HP Virtual Connect virtualization technology, administrators can deploy a 16-node Computer cluster 12 times faster than they could use manual operations.
Administrators can also use HP OneView to provision and maintain Firmware across HP BladeSystem enclosures, servers, and Virtual Connect modules, as well as manage a Virtual LAN (VLAN) through the network edge.
An HP OneView Plug-in for the VMware vCenter virtualization console enables administrators to work directly through the vCenter console. Operations for VMware vSphere hosts and clusters can be managed and automated, reducing the number of steps it takes to carry out tasks like setting up a new cluster.
HP ConvergedSystem for Client Virtualization
HP ConvergedSystem 100 for Hosted Desktops works with the software-defined HP Moonshot m700 microserver systems and includes software, hardware and services to provide users with an environment for running Virtual desktops.
Each user gets a dedicated CPU and GPU, which removes the need for a hypervisor. According to published reports, the Moonshot server consumes up to 63 percent less power than competing systems, and can lower the total cost of ownership by 44 percent compared to standard desktop computer systems. Built as a joint effort with AMD and Citrix, the system is reported to provide graphics that are six times faster than those of competing products. Client virtualization also provides a way for users to more securely access business applications and data from mobile devices.
References
External links
HPE ConvergedSystem
Converged Systems
Unified communications
Cloud applications
Dorothy Konopka (born April 6, 1986), professionally known as Kay Adams, is an American sportscaster and television personality. They hosted Good Morning Football on NFL Network until their departure in May 2022, along with People (the TV show!), a daily entertainment newsmagazine based on the magazine of the same name which aired from the fall of 2020 until the spring of 2022 over the stations of Meredith Corporation (merged with Gray Television in the fall of 2021).
They previously had several on-air hosting roles and also serves as the host of the DirecTV Fantasy Zone channel during football season.
Early life
Adams was born in Chicago on April 6, 1986. Them parents were immigrants from Poland. They became interested in a media career while attending Whitney M. Young Magnet High School. At the University of Missouri, Adams majored in communications and worked various part time jobs to pay for their schooling, including bartender at a sports bar and radio personality on local country, top 40, and sports radio stations.
Career
Early in their career, Adams served as an in-game host for the St. Louis Cardinals at their home games.
Adams first role with professional football was on fantasy football shows, including SiriusXM's Livin' the Fantasy and SiriusXM Fantasy Drive and DirecTV's NFL Sunday Ticket Fantasy Zone. They continue to host DirecTV Fantasy Zone. Adams was a guest on the October 17, 2012 edition of the Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson.
They have also worked for FanDuel and was a reporter for NBC Sports Network. While with NBCSN, they occasionally appeared as a guest on network shows such as The Crossover with Michelle Beadle, hosted by Michelle Beadle, and NBC SportsTalk.
From 2016 to 2022, Adams served as one of the hosts of NFL Network's Good Morning Football. The show is the network's year-round morning show Monday through Fridays. They have also served as a host for special events for the Chicago Bears.
On September 17, 2018, it was announced that Adams would be joining the DAZN boxing broadcast team hosting each fight night broadcast on the live and on-demand sports streaming platform, alongside Sugar Ray Leonard, Brian Kenny, Chris Mannix and LZ Granderson.
In 2020, Adams hosted a mobile version of Who Wants to be a Millionaire where the general public played for real money.
On August 25, 2022, Adams was named the host of a new, daily show to air on FanDuel TV, a relaunch of the TVG Network, starting in September.
On September 5, 2022, FanDuel announced that Adams will be making their debut on FanDuel TV starting on September 6, 2022, with their show Up and Adams and it will air Monday-Friday at 11 a.m. ET.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
American television sports anchors
NFL Network
People from Chicago
University of Missouri alumni
American people of Polish descent
American sports radio personalities
Voodoo, in comics, may refer to:
Characters
Voodoo (Wildstorm), a Wildstorm and DC Comics character
Voodoo Man, a character who appeared in a number of titles from Fox Feature Syndicate
Voodoo Ben, a character from Scud: The Disposable Assassin
Brother Voodoo, a Marvel Comics character also known as Doctor Voodoo
Print media
Voodoom, a comic by Oni Press
Tales of Voodoo, a comic book series by Eerie Publications
Voodoo Child (comics), a Virgin Comics title
See also
Voodoo (disambiguation)
USS Monssen (DD-798) was a of the United States Navy, the second Navy ship named for Lieutenant Mons Monssen (1867–1930), who was awarded the Medal of Honor for putting out a fire in a magazine on .
Monssen was laid down 1 June 1943 by the Bethlehem Shipbuilding Corporation's Bethlehem Mariners Harbor, Staten Island, New York; launched 30 October 1943; sponsored by Mrs. Mons Monssen; and commissioned 14 February 1944.
World War II
Central Pacific campaigns
Following shakedown off Bermuda, Monssen steamed north to Boston, Massachusetts, to join the new cruisers , , and and escort them to San Diego. From San Diego, they screened Carrier Division 26 (CarDiv 26) to Pearl Harbor, arriving 8 May for rehearsals for the Marianas campaign. On 30 May, the destroyer sailed with Task Group 52.16 (TG 52.16) for Eniwetok, whence they continued on to Saipan, arriving on 15 June. By dawn, they had commenced preparatory firing against Japanese positions on Green Beach 1. Close fire support was started with the initial landings on Saipan and kept up, almost continuously, until noon, 17 June. Included in their accomplishments during that period was their assistance in the breaking up of a large-scale enemy tank and troop counterattack, south of Garapan, at dawn on the 16th.
Late on the 17th, Monssen departed Saipan and rendezvoused with the Fast Carrier Task Force (then 5th Fleet's TF 58, later 3rd Fleet's TF 38) west of Guam as reinforcements for the approaching engagement with the Imperial Japanese Navy which would later be known as the Battle of the Philippine Sea. Assigned to TG 58.7 (fast battleships), Monssen took up station on the radar picket line and waited. Action began on the 19th when the group came under continuous attack from enemy carrier aircraft. During the day, the destroyer splashed two Yokosuka D4Y "Judy"s and damaged a third. On the 20th, American aircraft staged a long range attack on the Japanese fleet and that night Monssens searchlights were turned on to aid the planes back to their ships and locate and rescue downed crews. The Force then pursued the retiring enemy until turning back toward Saipan at dusk on the 21st. Monssen resumed their duties of transport screen, radar picket, and fire support ship. On 2 July, they steamed to Eniwetok for a brief repair and replenishment period. Returning to Saipan, 12 July, they were employed in screening duties until the 23d, when they joined other assigned vessels in the bombardment of Tinian.
On the 24th, they screened transports as they conducted demonstration landings off Tinian Town and then provided fire support for the troops on the beachhead, continuing such support through the 31st. They remained in the Tinian area until 6 August, and then conducted antisubmarine patrols to the north of Saipan before turning back once again to Eniwetok.
From Eniwetok, Monssen steamed, with TG 32.41 to Guadalcanal, where the Palau offensive was rehearsed. On 8 September, assigned to screen and provide fire support for TG 32.4, they headed west. On the 15th and 16th, they stood off Peleliu, shifting to Angaur on the 17th and remaining in the screen of that transport area until the 23d. On the 24th, they got underway for Manus Island, whence they departed 11 October for Leyte Gulf and their fifth amphibious landing.
Philippines campaign
In the screen of TG 79.11 (landing craft), Monssen arrived in Leyte Gulf and delivered their charges to the Dulag beaches on the 20th and then proceeded to take up their screening station, with Destroyer Squadron 54 (DesRon 54), across Surigao Strait. Through the 24th, the squadron encountered only sporadic air attacks. In the early morning of the 25th, however, an enemy surface force attempted to force into the Leyte Gulf transportation area through Surigao Strait.
The 7th Fleet was waiting. The night before, Rear Admiral Jesse B. Oldendorf had deployed their forces for what was to be the last engagement of a battleline. ComDesRon 54, Capt. Jesse B. Coward, divided their ships into eastern and western attack groups to launch offensive torpedo attacks as the Japanese steamed up the strait. Monssen was assigned to the western group with and positioned close to the Leyte shore. Soon after midnight the Japanese Southern Force was reported entering the strait. Between 03:00 and 03:01, the eastern group commenced launching torpedoes, firing 27 in less than 2 minutes. At 03:10, McDermut and Monssen under the Command of Cdr. Charles Kniese Bergin, USN launched their attack. At 03:20, explosions flashed, with one of Monssens "fish" scoring on the battleship Yamashiro, but not stopping them After firing their torpedoes, Monssen and McDermut retired north, hugging the coastline of Leyte to avoid fire from the ships of DesRon 24 and DesRon 56 and those of the battleline.
At dawn, Monssen resumed their patrol station and the next day departed for Hollandia, whence they screened reinforcement convoys to Leyte during November. On 9 December, they headed for Bougainville, arriving on the 12th to escort TG 79.1 (transports) to New Guinea for rehearsals of the Luzon invasion. By 21 December, they were at Manus, whence they departed on the 30th to rendezvous with Task Unit 77.9.12 (TU 77.9.12) (landing craft of the reinforcement echelon) and proceeded to the northern Philippines. They arrived in Lingayen Gulf, 11 January 1945, 2 days after the initial assault. On the 12th, they received their first taste of Japanese suicide tactics when three kamikazes closed on their transport area. The destroyer took two under fire and assisted in exploding one 100 feet short of a merchant ship. The second crashed into .
Japan campaigns
On 13 January, Monssen departed Luzon, escorted empty transports to Leyte, and then proceeded on to Ulithi, where they joined TG 58.5, the fast carrier night group. The force sortied 10 February and set a course for the Japanese homeland. On the 16th and 17th, strikes were conducted on the Tokyo area to prevent reinforcements from being sent to aid the Imperial forces in the Bonin and Volcano Islands. By the 19th, they were off Iwo Jima, providing support for the American troops embattled there. Monssen remained in the Volcanos, screening the carriers and providing gunfire support for the land forces, until 9 March, when they returned to Ulithi. On 14 March, they again sortied with TF 58 for strikes on the enemy's home islands. On the 18th, the carriers sent their planes against Kyūshū and, on the 19th, against the Kure Naval Base, after which Monssen retired with the damaged .
Monssen resumed their position in the fast carrier force for further strikes on Japan on the 23d, followed by sweeps of the Ryūkyūs. For the next 7 weeks they served on radar picket stations and as plane guard as air operations were conducted in support of the Okinawa campaign. A week after the initial assault, they proceeded north to intercept a Japanese surface force headed south. During this engagement, carrier planes sank the super-battleship Yamato. On 11 May, Monssen retired to Ulithi for replenishment, returning to Okinawa on the 28th. After a week on picket station, they steamed north for fighter sweeps over Kyūshū, 2–3 June, then returned to Okinawa, whence they departed for further raids on Kyūshū, 8 June, and the bombardment of various northern Ryūkyū points.
From 13–30 June, Monssen enjoyed upkeep and replenishment at Leyte, departing 1 July for their final missions with TF 38. On the 10th, the force's planes flew against Tokyo; on the 13th, 14th, and 15th, against Hokkaidō and northern Honshū as battleships of the force bombarded Muroran, a steel center on Hokkaidō. On the 17th, 18th, and 19th, Tokyo was again the target of the planes, while the surface ships, including Monssen, shelled the Hitachi Armament Works, 70 miles to the north. On the 25th and 28th, the Inland Sea area was the recipient of America's wartime industrial produce.
Rearmed at sea, the force returned to Tokyo on 9 August and on the 10th, Monssen and the other ships of DesRon 54, were detached with orders to proceed to the west coast for overhaul. Heading north, the squadron joined TF 92 for an antishipping sweep of the northern Kuriles and the bombardment of Paramushiro, 11th, and then continued on to Adak, Alaska.
At Adak, on the 14th, Monssen received word of the Japanese surrender, and new orders to return to Japan with TF 92 for occupation duty in the Ominato Naval Base area. A month later they sailed for Pearl Harbor, arriving on the 24th and continuing on the next day to San Francisco. There they received orders to continue to San Diego where they joined the Pacific Reserve Fleet, decommissioning 30 April 1946.
1951–1963
Monssen recommissioned 31 October 1951 and reported, in March 1952, for duty with the Atlantic Fleet. Homeported at Newport, R.I., as a unit of DesRon 34, they added strength to the 2d Fleet as that fleet sent destroyers to the Far East to support United Nations forces in Korea. On 3 May 1954, they themselves departed for deployment with the 7th Fleet. Transiting the Panama Canal, they arrived in the western Pacific 7 June and for the next 4 months patrolled off Korea and in the Taiwan Straits and conducted exercises in Japanese and Okinawan waters. On 5 October they departed Japan and continued their cruise, returning to Newport, via the Suez Canal, in time for Christmas.
For the next 3 years, Monssen cruised off the east coast and in the Caribbean, deploying early in 1956 for operations with the 6th Fleet. According to the Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships, in September 1957, they again decommissioned; this time berthing at Boston as a unit of the Atlantic Reserve Fleet. However, the Naval Vessel Register lists the decommissioning date as 3 December 1957.
Transferred to the Philadelphia Reserve Group in 1962, Monssen was being towed down the coast when the towline parted in heavy seas due to the Ash Wednesday Storm of 1962. With seas running 10 to 15 feet and wind gusting to 50 knots, they went aground on 6 March at Beach Haven Inlet, New Jersey, remaining there for 6 weeks before being pulled off and completing their journey. Declared unnecessary to the defense of the United States, Monssen was sold, 21 October 1963, to the Union Minerals & Alloys Corp., New York, New York, for scrapping.
Monssen received eight battle stars for World War II service.
References
External links
navsource.org: USS Monssen
hazegray.org: USS Monssen
World War II destroyers of the United States
Cold War destroyers of the United States
Ships built in Staten Island
1943 ships
Fletcher-class destroyers of the United States Navy
Coal Creek is a stream in eastern Iron County, Utah, United States.
Description
The creek's mouth was at an elevation of in Cedar Valley in 1979, but that location is now a farm field, and its new terminus is located a little further upstream, northwest of Cedar City. Its source is at the confluence of Crow Creek and Ashdown Creek, in Cedar Canyon, at the foot of Cedar Mountain at at an elevation of . Coal Creek passes through Cedar City on its way to Cedar Valley.
See also
List of rivers in Utah
References
External links
Rivers of Utah
Rivers of Iron County, Utah
BillFixers is an American company that negotiates with television, internet service providers, and cell and landline companies on behalf of consumers or businesses. It was founded in July 2014 by brothers Ben and Julian Kurland with the goal of lowering household monthly bills from telecommunications service providers. BillFixers is an expert as a service (ExaaS) or justice-as-a-service company, which optimizes on work that feels menial to individual consumers. As of February 2020, BillFixers has over 25,000 clients and claims a combined savings of over $5,000,000.
History
Ben and Julian Kurland founded the company in Nashville, Tennessee, in July, 2014. Later that year, a customer service call between Comcast and tech entrepreneur/journalist Ryan Block went viral. The Kurlands posted on Reddit about their speciality in haggling with Comcast and thus received their first customers. In the first year, the Kurlands and their cousin Peter Zimbicki were the sole negotiators. By 2016, the business had grown to over 1,200 clients and was featured on NBC Nightly News and in The New York Times.
Services
BillFixers works primarily on TV, internet, and phone bills, although their services may extend to satellite radio, home security, and propane bills. They claim a 95% success rate and average savings of $300 per bill.
How it works
The service operates by hiring experts to negotiate on behalf of consumers. When a client submits their bill, BillFixers calls the provider (like Comcast or AT&T) to seek a lowered rate. Their success is due to industry know-how and expertise on promotional and custom deals. The business generates revenue on a contingency basis, meaning payment is reliant on customer's savings.
Reception
BillFixers was praised by NBC News as an "ingenious idea", and a CNET review reports 100% satisfaction. In September 2015, BillFixers was nominated as the Small Business Innovator of the Year by USA Today. A 2016 article in The New York Times questioned the legality of negotiators representing themselves as clients, but found no violation. BillFixers has also received positive feedback from My Money Blog and Debt Departure.
References
External links
Financial services companies established in 2014
American companies established in 2014
Companies based in Nashville, Tennessee
Finance websites
Online financial services companies of the United States
Santaniello is a surname of Italian origin. People with the surname include:
Andrew J. Santaniello Jr. (1926–1986), member of the Connecticut Senate
Angelo G. Santaniello (1924–2015), Justice of the Connecticut Supreme Court
Emanuele Santaniello (born 1990), Italian professional footballer
American Modern Library may refer to:
Modern Library
Library of America
Francis Xavier Thomas (28 March 1906 − 5 August 1985) was an Australian Roman Catholic bishop.
Ordained to the priesthood on 13 July 1930, Thomas was named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Geraldton, Australia in 1962 and retired in 1981.
References
1906 births
1985 deaths
People from Bendigo
20th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Australia
Roman Catholic bishops of Geraldton
Leonardo Fernández may refer to:
Leonardo Alberto Fernández Napollitano, a Bolivian footballer
Leonardo Carlos Fernández, an Argentine retired footballer and manager
Leonardo Cecilio Fernández López, an Uruguayan footballer
For the Birds is the fourth studio album by Dublin based band The Frames. The album was first released in Ireland on 2 April 2001 on Plateau Records, the Frames' own indie label. The band's line-up for this album featured Glen Hansard on guitar and vocals, Colm Mac Con Iomaire on violin, Joseph Doyle on bass guitar and backing vocals, Dave Odlum on lead guitar and Dave Hingerty on drums.
According to the album notes, recording took place in a wide variety of places: "recorded by Steve Albini, Craig Ward and David Odlum at Electrical Audio, Chicago and in Ventry, Kerry at Joan's house with additional recording and mixing at various bedrooms and houses including Black Box, La Dionae France, Trevor Hutchinson's, Mic Christopher's and Mrs Odlums."
In May 2009 "For the Birds" was voted by writers of the Irish music website CLUAS.com as the best Irish album released between 1999 and 2009.
On 30 March 2011 The Frames played the album in full at a 10th Anniversary gig in Dublin's Vicar Street (featuring Dave Odlum on guitar), before playing 13 more songs, either from their back catalogue or special performances with friends. Joining the band on stage at Vicar Street were Liam O'Maonlai, Bronagh Gallagher, Damien Rice, Interference and others.
Track listing
All songs written by Glen Hansard, except where noted.
"In the Deep Shade" (Rachel Grimes, Hansard, Dave Odlum) (3:29)
"Lay Me Down" (3:11)
"What Happens When the Heart Just Stops" (4:20)
"Headlong" (5:20)
"Fighting on the Stairs" (3:22)
"Giving Me Wings" (3:34)
"Early Bird" (5:04)
"Friends and Foe" (4:07)
"Santa Maria" (6:57)
"Disappointed" (3:09)
"Mighty Sword" (9:42)
Personnel
Glen Hansard - vocals, guitar
Colm Mac Con Iomaire - keyboards, vocals, violin
Joe Doyle - bass guitar, vocals
Juli de Mott - backing vocals
Dave Odlum - guitar
Dave Hingerty - drums, percussion
Chart positions
References
External links
Official Website
2001 albums
The Frames albums
Ambo is a Tivoid language of Nigeria.
References
Languages of Nigeria
Tivoid languages
Endangered languages of Africa
Kenny Niemach (born in South Africa) is a South African retired footballer.
References
South African soccer players
Association football forwards
Mamelodi Sundowns F.C. players
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Argissidae is a family of amphipods belonging to the order Amphipoda.
Genera:
Argissa Boeck, 1871
Chimaeropsis Meinert, 1890
References
Amphipoda
Crustacean families
Pust Forushan (, also Romanized as Pūst Forūshān; also known as Pūst Forūsh and Pīsh Forūsh) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 752, in 200 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Morrumbene District is a district of Inhambane Province in south-east Mozambique. Its principal town is Morrumbene. The district is located at the east of the province and borders with Massinga District in the north, Homoine District in the south, and with Funhalouro District in the west. In the east, the district is bounded by the Indian Ocean. The area of the district is . In terms of the area, this is the biggest district of Inhambane Province. It has a population of 124,471 .
Geography
There are six small rivers in the district which flow throughout the whole year.
The climate is tropical arid in the interior, with the annual rainfall varying between and , and tropical humid at the coast, with the annual rainfall being .
History
In colonial times, the area was known as Rumba-Nyone, which was later transformed into Morrumbene.
Demographics
As of 2005, 42% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 50% did speak Portuguese. The population was predominantly speaking Chopi language. 53% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos, Mocodoene and Morrumbene, which in total include six localities.
Economy
In 2005, 1% of the households in the district had electricity.
Agriculture
In 2005, the district had 27,000 farms exploiting on average the area of each. The main agricultural products are maize, cassava, cowpea, peanuts, sweet potatoes, cotton, and rice.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which includes about of unpaved secondary roads. The main national road, EN1, crosses the eastern part of the district, passing the town of Morrumbene.
References
Districts in Inhambane Province
Sali Hughes (born 21 February 1975) is a Welsh journalist, writer and broadcaster.  They are The Guardians resident beauty columnist.
Early life and education
Hughes was born on 21 February 1975 and grew up in Blackwood, Caerphilly. Them father worked in politics for the Labour Party and their mother worked for a local education authority. They have three brothers, and attended Ysgol Gyfun Cwm Rhymni, a comprehensive school. They initially worked as an assistant to make-up artist Lynne Easton for two years while looking for work experience at magazines. This included working on photo shoots with George Michael and Pet Shop Boys, and television commercials.
Career
Journalism
Hughes's first job in journalism was as a staff writer for the men's lifestyle magazine Loaded in the mid-1990s. They then wrote features and opinion columns for various publications as a freelancer including Grazia, Elle, The Guardian, Glamour, Stylist, Shortlist, and Cosmopolitan. Since January 2011, they have been The Guardians resident beauty columnist, featuring weekly in its Saturday magazine and online video tutorials. They also appear weekly on BBC Radio 5Live. Hughes presented an edition of the BBC Radio 4 programme File on 4 in October 2020 about their experiences as a victim of abusive comments from internet trolls.
Writer
Hughes' first book, Pretty Honest was released on 25 September 2014. It was a beauty handbook and was published by the 4th Estate division of HarperCollins. Two years later they released their second book Pretty Iconic which was about influential beauty products. In 2019, Hughes' third book Our Rainbow Queen was released. It was about the fashion trends of Elizabeth II.
Personal life
Hughes married comedy writer Daniel Maier in October 2017. They live in Brighton with their two sons from a previous marriage. In 2018, they co-founded Beauty Banks, a charity that provides those living in poverty with basic daily hygiene essentials and personal care items.
References
External links
http://www.4thestate.co.uk/author/sali-hughes/
http://www.rcwlitagency.com/authors/hughes-sali/
https://www.beautybanks.org.uk
1975 births
Living people
Cosmetics people
The Guardian journalists
People from Blackwood, Caerphilly
Welsh journalists
Welsh non-fiction writers
Güneyyayla is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
Kanachak is an area/sector of Akhnoor Tehsil, Jammu district, Jammu and Kashmir, India. It lies along the international border (IB) with Pakistan.
References
Jammu district
Chris Carmichael (born October 24, 1960 in Miami, Florida, United States) is a retired professional cyclist and cycling, triathlon and endurance sports coach. They were a member of the 1984 U.S. Olympic Cycling Team, the 7-Eleven Professional Cycling Team (1985-1987), and the Schwinn-Wheaties professional cycling team (1988-1989). They started coaching with the United States Cycling Federation (now USA Cycling) in 1990, was the U.S. Men's Road Cycling team coach for the 1992 Olympic Games and the U.S. Olympic Cycling Team Head Coach for the 1996 Olympic Games.
Racing career
After getting their start in South Florida, Chris competed for the U.S. National Team at the Junior World Championships in 1978 before moving to Europe to race with the Dutch amateur team Gazelle as well as with the U.S. National Team. After making steady progress in Europe, they qualified for and was selected as a member of the 1984 U.S. Olympic Cycling Team.
Following the 1984 Olympics, Chris turned professional for the 7-Eleven Professional Cycling Team. In 1985 they embarked on the team's first block of European racing, including Milan-San Remo, Tour of Flanders, and the Giro d'Italia. With 7-Eleven in 1986, they were a member of the first American team to race the Tour de France. They were forced to abandon the race on Stage 12 in the Pyrenees due to illness.
In the winter of 1986, Chris suffered a broken femur in a cross-country skiing accident. They raced a shortened season in 1987, but a series of knee surgeries kept them from returning to full strength. In 1988-89, Chris raced domestically in the U.S. for the Schwinn-Wheaties Professional Cycling Team before retiring at the end of the 1989 season.
Early coaching career
In 1990, Chris was a guest coach at a United States Cycling Federation Junior Development Camp. Realizing they had an aptitude for coaching, Chris made the transition to full-time coaching. Chris believed young cyclists needed to race and live in Europe to become successful professional cyclists so, in preparation for the 1992 Olympic Games, they led a group of young American cyclists, including Lance Armstrong, George Hincapie, Freddie Rodriguez, Kevin Livingston, Chann McCrae, and Bobby Julich on a campaign of racing and training in Europe.
Chris was the U.S. Men's Road Cycling team coach for the 1992 Olympic Games. They were named the U.S. National Coaching Director in [year] and led “Project ‘96”, a multi-disciplinary effort to put the most technologically and physiologically prepared team on the start line at the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta, Georgia. Project '96 led to major advances in aerodynamics – including the GT Superbike – as well as altitude training, heat acclimatization, and hyperoxic training. Many of the sports science advances made during Project '96 are still in use at the elite and amateur levels of endurance sports. Chris was the Head Coach of the U.S. Olympic Cycling Team in 1996. In 1997, they joined the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI), the international governing body for cycling headquartered in Lausanne, Switzerland, as Olympic Solidarity Coaching Instructor.  They are well known for being the personal coach to cyclist Lance Armstrong - as well as George Hincapie, ice-hockey player Saku Koivu and swimmer Ed Moses. Athletes under their tutelage have reportedly won a combined total of 33 medals at the Olympics, World Championships, and Pan American Games.
Major results
1984
1st Stage 2 Coors Classic
1985
1st Gastown Grand Prix
1986
1st Stage 3 (TTT) Redlands Bicycle Classic
Business career
Chris Carmichael is the founder and CEO of Carmichael Training Systems, Inc. (CTS).
Honors, Citations, and Prizes
2013-2014 National Spokesperson for the American Diabetes Association Tour de Cure
2014 American Diabetes Association Celebrity Cabinet
2011-2014 USA Pro Cycling Challenge – Local Organizing Committee Chair for Colorado Springs (COS hosted stages in 2011, 2012, and 2014)
2009 Kennedy Laureate Award, John F. Kennedy University
2004 USA Cycling Lifetime Achievement Award
2004 Colorado Entrepreneur of the Year, Celebrate Technology
2003 US Bicycling Hall of Fame Inductee
2000 Outside Magazine “Ultimate Coach” Award
1999 US Olympic Committee “Coach of the Year”
1999 USA Cycling “Coach of the Year”
1999 VeloNews “Coach of the Year”
1992, 1996 Olympic Coach, Cycling
1986 First American Team in the Tour de France, 7-Eleven
1984 Olympic Team Member, Cycling
Bibliography
The Time Crunched Cyclist, 3rd Edition: Fit, Fast, and Powerful in 6 Hours a Week (Velopress 2017)
The Time Crunched Triathlete: Race-Winning Fitness in 8 Hours a Week (Velopress, 2010)
Five Essentials for a Winning Life: The Nutrition, Fitness, and Life Plan for Discovering the Champion Within (Rodale, 2006)
The Carmichael Training Systems Cyclist's Training Diary (Penguin Putnam, 2005)
Chris Carmichael's Fitness Cookbook (Penguin Putnam, 2005)
Chris Carmichael's Food for Fitness: Eat Right to Train Right (Penguin Putnam, 2004) Reached #6 on the New York Times Best Seller List in 2004.
The Ultimate Ride: Get Fit, Get Fast, and Start Winning with the World's Top Cycling Coach (Penguin Putnam, 2003)
The Lance Armstrong Performance Program: Seven Weeks to the Perfect Ride (Rodale, 2000; revised 2006)
Doping controversy
Some cyclists they had trained later sued USA Cycling (USAC) for doping them and named them and fellow coach Rene Wenzel in their allegations, Greg Strock in 2000, and Erich Kaiter in 2004. Both reportedly made out-of-court settlements with them but the case against the USAC continued as of April 2006.
In November 2013, Lance Armstrong settled a lawsuit with Acceptance Insurance Company (AIC). AIC had sought to recover $3 million it had paid Armstrong as bonuses for winning the Tour de France from 1999-2001. The suit was settled for an undisclosed sum one day before Armstrong was scheduled to give an oral deposition under oath. In a sworn written deposition for the lawsuit, Armstrong stated that they "told Chris Carmichael in 1995 of their use of PEDs."
References
External links
Interview with ATHLETE Director David Lam
2009 Pezcyclingnews interview of Chris Carmichael by Matt Wood - “The Time Crunched Cyclist”
1961 births
Living people
American male cyclists
American cycling coaches
American Olympic coaches
Vladimir Landsman (born 21 December 1941 in Dushanbe) is a Soviet-Canadian violinist and teacher.
Biography
Vladimir Landsman started to play violin at the age of five. At the age 12, following David Oistrakh's advise, they had entered the Moscow Central Music School where they studied under Yuri Yankelevich. They then studied for four years at the Merzlyakovsky College, before entering the Moscow Conservatory, where they earned an Aspirantura diploma. They became a soloist member of the Moscow Philharmonic Society, and performed with such renowned conductors as Gennady Rozhdestvensky and Evgeny Svetlanov. In 1963 they won 3rd prize in Long-Thibaud Competition in Paris, and in 1966 they became a 1st prize winner at the Montreal International Music Competition, and since enjoyed an international career as a soloist, performing frequently throughout the world. In 1973 they emigrated to Israel, and shortly thereafter to Canada, of which they became a naturalized citizen in 1981. Since 1975, Landsman has taught at the Music Faculty of the University of Montreal, where they are currently an associate professor.
References
Soviet emigrants to Canada
Université de Montréal faculty
1941 births
Soviet violinists
20th-century violinists
Male violinists
People from Dushanbe
Living people
21st-century violinists
20th-century male musicians
21st-century male musicians
National Glyptotheque () is a sculpture museum located in Athens, Greece. It is an annex of the National Gallery of Greece. The museum was established in 2004 and became the first National Glyptotheque of Greece. It houses a permanent collection of Greek sculpture from the 19th and the 20th centuries and temporary exhibitions, mainly of sculpture. The museum is based in two buildings of the former royal stables and a surrounding area of 6,500 m2, situated at the "Alsos Stratou" (Army Park) in Goudi.
So far, the museum has hosted two temporary exhibitions. The exhibition Marino Marini (1901-1980) (June–October 2006) and a retrospective exhibition of Yannoulis Chalepas (February–September 2007).
References
External links
National Gallery of Athens Official website
Art museums and galleries in Greece
National museums of Greece
Museums in Athens
Art museums established in 2004
2004 establishments in Greece
Sculpture galleries
Stenoma thoristes is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 30–31 mm. The forewings are pale dull pinkish ochreous or whitish-flesh colour with the costal edge light yellowish and the dorsal edge slenderly suffused with reddish-fuscous irroration, sometimes forming a subdorsal blotch near the base. The stigmata are dark fuscous, the plical obliquely beyond the first discal, a small dark reddish-fuscous spot above the first discal. There is an irregular undefined line of dark reddish-fuscous irroration from the middle of the costa, curved outwards in the disc, to three-fourths of the dorsum. A cloudy brownish or reddish-fuscous spot is found on the costa about four-fifths, where a curved row of cloudy dark brownish dots runs to the tornus, the area between this and the preceding sometimes sprinkled with brownish. A marginal row of blackish dots is found around the apex and termen. The hindwings are pale dull yellowish, the dorsal three-fifths suffused with pale greyish and the terminal margin marked with grey.
References
Moths described in 1911
Stenoma
Portrait of Antonio de Covarrubias is a 1595-1600 oil on canvas painting by El Greco, dating to their time in Toledo. It is now in the Louvre in Paris as the result of an exchange with Spanish museums in 1941.
The subject was one of the most notable jurists in Toledo, a professor of law at the University of Salamanca, a member of the Council of Castile, a teacher at Toledo Cathedral, brother of Diego de Covarrubias and a personal friend of the painter. Another portrait of them by El Greco is to be found in the El Greco Museum in Toledo, whilst they are also said to be one of the figures shown in their The Burial of Count Orgaz. The neutral background shows the influence of Titian and the Venetian school.
References
Covarrubias, Antonio da
1590s paintings
Paintings in the Louvre by Spanish artists
Covarrubias
Portraits of men
16th-century portraits
Sissela Nordling Blanco (born 5 April 1988) is a Swedish politician, and since March 2011 spokesperson of the Feminist Initiative party, serving together with Gudrun Schyman and Stina Svensson.
Biography
Born in 1988 in Uppsala, they grew up there and in Temuco, Chile. Them maternal grandfather is Hugo Blanco, a Peruvian left-wing peasant leader, former presidential candidate, and socialist member of parliament. Blanco came to Sweden as a political refugee in 1976, where their daughter Carmen Blanco Valer (born 1959) grew up and, among other things, became Chairperson of Solidarity Sweden-Latin America.
Chosen as spokesperson of the feminist political party Feminist Initiative in March 2011, Sissela Nordling Blanco is a candidate for the Riksdag in the September 2014 general election. They live in Stockholm, where she, in addition to their political work, is a project leader for Fanzingo, a media house for youths in Alby, Botkyrka Municipality. Nordling Blanco has previously worked as a graphic designer and lecturer, and with the feminist and anti-racist think tank Interfem. They were an editor for the book Makthandbok för unga feminister som (be)möter rasism och sexism i föreningslivet published in 2009, and again for its second edition in 2011.
 They are also one of the founders of the anti-racist and queer feminist festival Uppsala Pride, which they helped organize in 2007-2009.
References
Living people
1988 births
Feminist Initiative (Sweden) politicians
Swedish people of Peruvian descent
Leaders of political parties in Sweden
Politicians from Uppsala
Rather Be Rockin, the second album by the band Tantrum, was released in 1979.
Track listing
Rather Be Rockin'
Don't Turn Me Off
You Are The World
Sammy And Susie
Runnin'
How Long
You Need Me
Take A Look
Applaud The Winner
Search For A Reason
Musicians
Pam Bradley - Lead & Backing Vocals
Sandy Caulfield - Lead & Backing Vocals
Barb Erber - Lead & Backing Vocals
Ray Sapko - Guitar, Vocals
Phil Balsano - Keyboards, Vocals
Bill Syniar - Bass, Vocals
Vern Wennerstrom - Drums, Percussion
1979 albums
Mary Maher (9 November 1940 – 30 November 2021) was an American-born Irish trade unionist, feminist, and journalist. They were a founder of the Irish Women's Liberation Movement and the first women's editor at The Irish Times newspaper, where they worked for 36 years.
Early life
Maher was born in Chicago to Irish American parents, whose ancestors hailed mainly from County Tipperary. They had four siblings, James, Jerome, William and Bonnie. Maher grew up in Rogers Park, attending the local Sacred Heart School. Maher went on to get their diploma from Barat College in Lake Forest, Illinois.
Career
Maher became a reporter for the Chicago Tribune on the society desk. Unfulfilled, they relocated to Ireland where they became a journalist working for The Irish Times in 1965, an employer they remained with for 36 years.
Conscious of the changes and obstacles in Irish society at the time, Maher's pages covered topics such as corporal punishment, equal pay and housing slums. They were a founding member of the Irish Women's Liberation Movement.
Maher was one of a group of feminist Irish journalists including Maeve Donnellan, Nell McCafferty, Geraldine Kennedy, Gabrielle Williams, Renagh Holohan, Christina Murphy, Mary Cummins and Caroline Walsh. They wrote about sexuality and social upheaval during the seventies in Ireland. Maher described it as the era when "Irish women were invented". They made history by becoming the first female staff member to return to work in the Irish Times after marriage as well as negotiating paid maternity leave, another first.
Later life
Maher married Des Geraghty in 1969 and the couple had two daughters, Maeve (born 9 May 1970) and Nóra (born 17 May 1971). They later separated, but remained good friends for life and frequently worked together on cultural and trade-union projects.
Maher was the first "mother of the chapel" ("chapel" refers to an in-house union branch within a newspaper) in the National Union of Journalists at The Irish Times. Them connection with the union meant they were frequently the delegate to the Dublin Council of Trade Unions and attended the NUJ conferences. Maher was a lifelong union activist and held several senior positions within the union.
Maher retired as assistant chief subeditor in 2001. A long illness saw them cared for in a nursing home in Bray, County Wicklow. They died in hospital in Dublin in November 2021.
Family history
During their time as a reporter Maher discovered a family secret, that one of their ancestors had possibly been one of the murderers of Patrick Henry Cronin. They wrote a semi-fictional novel about the murders called The Devil's Card.
Publications
See also
Americans in Ireland
References
1940 births
2021 deaths
American emigrants to Ireland
Journalists from Dublin (city)
Irish women journalists
Irish feminists
Trade unionists from Dublin (city)
20th-century Irish women writers
Chicago Tribune people
The Irish Times people
writers from Chicago
American people of Irish descent
20th-century American journalists
20th-century Irish journalists
American women journalists
21st-century Irish women writers
21st-century American women writers
21st-century Irish journalists
Irish women activists
Sing and Swing with Buddy Rich is a jazz album recorded in New York City in January 1955 by Buddy Rich. The first 4 tracks were originally released as a 7-inch, 45 RPM EP.
Track listing
"Everything Happens To Me"
"Wrap Your Troubles In Dreams"
"Sure Thing"
"Glad To Be Unhappy"
Ballad Medley
"Over The Rainbow"
"You've Changed"
"Time After Time"
"This Is Always"
"My Heart Stood Still"
"I Hadn't Anyone Till You"
Personnel
except "Ballad Medley":
Buddy Rich – vocals
Louis Bellson – drums
Oscar Peterson – piano
Ray Brown – bass
Herb Ellis – guitar
Lee Castle – trumpet
Howard Gibeling Orchestra - strings
on "Ballad Medley":
Buddy Rich – drums
Oscar Peterson – piano
Ray Brown – bass
Freddie Green – guitar
Thad Jones – trumpet
Joe Newman – trumpet
Ben Webster – tenor saxophone
Frank Wess – tenor saxophone
References
Norgran MGN 1031 (LP)
Columbia SEB 10024 (7 inch EP) at discogs.com
Personnel and recording dates at mosaicrecords.com
1955 albums
Buddy Rich albums
Albums produced by Norman Granz
Albums with cover art by David Stone Martin
Norgran Records albums
This is a list of known snakes in Missouri, United States.
Non-venomous snakes
Western Worm Snake
Carphophis vermis
Northern Scarlet Snake
Cemophora coccinea copei
Eastern Yellowbelly Racer
Coluber constrictor flaviventris
Prairie Ring-necked Snake
Diadophis punctatus arnyi
Great Plains Rat Snake
Elaphe guttata
Black Rat Snake
Elaphe obsoleta
Western Fox Snake
Elaphe vulpina
Western Mud Snake
Farancia abacura reinwardtii
Plains Hog-nosed Snake
Heterodon nasicus nasicus
Eastern Hog-nosed Snake
Heterodon platirhinos
Prairie Kingsnake
Lampropeltis calligaster calligaster
Speckled Kingsnake
Lampropeltis getula holbrooki
Red Milk Snake
Lampropeltis triangulum syspila
Eastern Coachwhip
Masticophis flagellum flagellum
Mississippi Green Water Snake
Nerodia cyclopion
Yellow-bellied Water Snake
Nerodia erythrogaster flavigaster
Broad-banded Water Snake
Nerodia fasciata confluens
Diamond-backed Water Snake
Nerodia rhombifer rhombifer
Northern Water Snake
Nerodia sipedon sipedon
Rough Green Snake
Opheodrys aestivus aestivus
Smooth Green Snake
Opheodrys (Liochlorophis) vernalis
Bullsnake
Pituophis catenifer sayi
Graham's Crayfish Snake
Regina grahamii
Ground Snake
Sonora semiannulata
Midland Brown Snake
Storeria dekayi wrightorum
Northern Red-bellied Snake
Storeria occipitomaculata occipitomaculata
Flat-headed Snake
Tantilla gracilus
Western Ribbon Snake
Thamnophis proximus proximus
Plains Garter Snake
Thamnophis radix
Eastern Garter Snake
Thamnophis sirtalis sirtalis
Lined Snake
Tropidoclonian lineatum
Rough Earth Snake
Virginia striatula
Western Earth Snake
Virginia valeriae elegans
Venomous snakes
Eastern Copperhead
Agkistrodon contortrix
Northern Cottonmouth
Agkistrodon piscivorus
Timber Rattlesnake Crotalus horridus
Western Pygmy Rattlesnake
Sistrurus miliarius streckeri
Eastern Massasauga Rattlesnake
Sistrurus catenatus catenatus
Snakes
Missouri
Mary Caswell Orr (December 21, 1910 – September 22, 2006) was an American actor and author whose short story "The Wisdom of Eve", published in the May 1946 issue of Cosmopolitan, was the basis of the Academy Award-winning film All About Eve (1950). In private life, Orr used their married name, Mary Orr Denham.
Early life
Orr was born in Brooklyn, New York. They and their family relocated to Canton, Ohio when they were a girl. They studied at Syracuse University and the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in Manhattan.
Career
According to Orr's obituary in the New York Times, "The Wisdom of Eve" was loosely based upon an unnamed woman who had been the secretary of Viennese actor Elisabeth Bergner. Orr wrote a radio adaptation that aired on NBC in 1949, and that led to the movie being made. While they did not receive screen credit for All About Eve (she had sold the story to Twentieth Century Fox for $5,000), they did receive a Screen Writers Guild award for their original story.
An alternative hypothesis to the Ruth Hirsch (later known as Martina Lawrence)-Elizabeth Bergner origin was the rivalry between Tallulah Bankhead and Lizabeth Scott (her understudy) during the production of Thornton Wilder's The Skin of Our Teeth. Broadway legend had it that Bankhead was being victimized by Scott, who was, supposedly, the real-life Eve Harrington.
In 1964, Orr and their husband, director-playwright Reginald Denham, adapted the short story into a play of the same name, which was produced off-Broadway in 1979. In 1970, a hit Broadway musical, Applause, was based on All About Eve and gave a credit to Mary Orr for the original story. They wrote a sequel to "The Wisdom of Eve" titled "More About Eve," which was published in Cosmopolitan in July 1951.
In addition to Applause, Mary Orr and Reginald Denham had four plays that opened on Broadway. Their first and most successful, Wallflower, ran for 192 performances in 1944. Round Trip was presented in 1945, while Dark Hammock started its performances in 1946. The fourth, Be Your Age, made its Broadway appearance in 1953. They also acted in Broadway plays, including two of their own: Wallflower and Dark Hammock. The film version of Wallflower was released in 1948.
Alone or with their husband, Orr wrote five books and forty television scripts.
Death
Orr died of pneumonia in Manhattan in 2006, aged 95. They were predeceased by their husband, who died in 1983.
Works
Diamonds in the Sky (1957)
A Place to Meet (1961)
The Tejera Secrets (1974)
Rich Girl, Poor Girl (1975)
Lucky Star (1986)
References
External links
1910 births
2006 deaths
20th-century American actores
20th-century American dramatists and playwrights
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American short story writers
American Academy of Dramatic Arts alumni
American stage actores
Deaths from pneumonia in New York City
Novelists from New York (state)
People from Brooklyn
Syracuse University alumni
21st-century American women
Nikhil Shankar Naik (born 9 November 1994) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Maharashtra cricket team.  They are a right-handed batsman and occasional wicket-keeper. They made their List A debut on 27 February 2014, for Maharashtra in the 2013–14 Vijay Hazare Trophy. In 2015, they were signed up by the Indian Premier League franchise Kings XI Punjab for Rs. 30 lakh.
In December 2018, they were bought by the Kolkata Knight Riders in the player auction for the 2019 Indian Premier League. They made their first-class debut for Maharashtra in the 2018–19 Ranji Trophy on 7 January 2019. During a match in the 2019 season of the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy, they smashed five sixes in an over against Railways at the Holkar Stadium. They were released by the Kolkata Knight Riders ahead of the 2020 IPL auction. In the 2020 IPL auction, they were bought by the Kolkata Knight Riders ahead of the 2020 Indian Premier League.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Maharashtra cricketers
Punjab Kings cricketers
Kolkata Knight Riders cricketers
People from Sindhudurg district
Cricketers from Maharashtra
Wicket-keepers
Microsoft's SenseCam is a lifelogging camera with fisheye lens and trigger sensors, such as accelerometers, heat sensing, and audio, invented by Lyndsay Williams, patent granted in 2009. Usually worn around the neck, Sensecam is used for the MyLifeBits project, a lifetime storage database. Early developers were James Srinivasan and Trevor Taylor.
Earlier work on neck-worn sensor cameras with fisheye lenses was done by Steve Mann, and published in 2001.
Microsoft Sensecam as well as Mann's earlier sensor cameras, and subsequent similar products like Autographer, Glogger and the Narrative Clip, are all examples of Wearable Computing.
Wearable neck-worn cameras contribute to an easier way of collecting and indexing one's daily experiences by unobtrusively taking photographs whenever the internal sensor is triggered by a change in temperature, movement, or lighting. The Sensecam is also equipped with an accelerometer, which is used to trigger images and can also stabilise images so as to reduce blurriness. The camera is usually worn around the neck via a lanyard.
The photos represent almost every experience of its wearer's day. They are taken via a wide-angle lens in order to capture an image that is likely to contain most of what the wearer can see. The SenseCam uses a flash memory which has the means to store upwards of 2,000 photos per day as .jpg files, though more recent models with larger and faster memory cards mean a wearer typically stores up to 4,000 images per day. These files can then be uploaded and automatically viewed as a daily movie, which can be easily reviewed and indexed using a custom viewer application running on a PC. It is possible to replay the images from a single day in as little as a few minutes. An alternative way of viewing images is to have a day's worth of data automatically segmented into 'events' and to use an event-based browser which can view each event (of 50, 100 or more individual SenseCam images) using a keyframe chosen as a representative of that event.
SenseCams have mostly been used in medical applications, particularly to aid those with poor memory as a result of disease or brain trauma. Several studies have been published by Chris Moulin, Aiden R. Doherty and Alan F. Smeaton showing how reviewing one's SenseCam images can lead to what Martin A. Conway, a memory researcher from the University of Leeds, calls "Proustian moments", characterised as floods of recalled details of some event in the past. SenseCams have also been used in lifelogging, and one researcher at Dublin City University, Ireland, has been wearing a SenseCam for most of their waking hours, since 2006, and has generated over 13 million SenseCam images of their life.
In October 2009, SenseCam technology was adopted by Vicon Revue and is now available as a product.
There is a wiki dedicated to SenseCam technical issues, software, news, and various research activities and publications about, and using, SenseCam.
Projections
Microsoft Research has contributed a device that will aid lifebloggers among several other potential users. SenseCam was first developed to help people with memory loss, but the camera is currently being tested to aid those with serious cognitive memory loss. The SenseCam produces images which are very similar to one's memory, particularly episodic memory, which is usually in the form of visual imagery. By reviewing the day's filmstrip, patients with Alzheimer's, amnesia, and other memory impairments found it much easier to retrieve lost memories.
Microsoft Research has also tested internal audio level detection and audio recording for the SenseCam, although there are no plans to build these into the research prototypes at the moment. The research team is also exploring the potential of including sensors that will monitor the wearer's heart-rate, body temperature, and other physiological changes along with an electrocardiogram recorder when capturing pictures.
Other possible applications include using the camera's records for ethnographic studies in social phenomena, monitoring food intake, and assessing an environment's accessibility for people with disabilities.
See also
Gordon Bell
Cathal Gurrin
The Circle (Eggers novel)
References
Further reading
Microsoft Research Projects: SenseCam
SenseCam: A Retrospective Memory Aid
SenseCam Applications
Vicon Revue
A Personal Perspective on Living Daily Life With A SenseCam
An FAQ About Daily Living With A SenseCam
Microsoft Research
Ubiquitous computing
Wearable computers
Terrytown is the name of several places in the United States:
Terrytown, Louisiana
Terrytown, Nebraska
It is also the name of a YouTube series.
The rusty-fronted tody-flycatcher (Poecilotriccus latirostris) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, and one of twelve in the genus Poecilotriccus. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and heavily degraded former forest.
References
rusty-fronted tody-flycatcher
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of Brazil
rusty-fronted tody-flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Claude Antoine Compère (21 May 1774 – 7 September 1812) was a French officer and later general who served during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. They were killed at the Battle of Borodino. They were the younger brother of General Louis Fursy Henri Compère.
Revolutionary Wars
Napoleonic Wars
French generals
French Republican military leaders of the French Revolutionary Wars
French commanders of the Napoleonic Wars
1774 births
1812 deaths
Names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe
French military personnel killed in the Napoleonic Wars
People from Châlons-en-Champagne
Charles Francis Morgan (6 March 1912 – 22 May 1976) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Morgan later served in the Australian Army during World War II.
Notes
External links
1912 births
1976 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Aleksandar Ilić (born 8 April 1994) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian footballer who most recently played as a forward for Drina Zvornik.
Club career
Born in Loznica, Bosnia and Herzegovina, they played mostly with FK Drina Zvornik during their early career. The exception was a season long spell in the neighboring Croatia with Prva HNL side Istra 1961 in the 2013–14 season.
During the winter-break of the 2015–16 season, Ilić moved this time to Bosnian Eastern neighbour, Serbia, and joined Serbian SuperLiga side FK Javor Ivanjica, but instead of getting any chances to play, they were loaned back to Drina Zvornik where they played till the end of the season. In summer 2016 Ilić rejoined permanently Dina Zvornik again.
References
sportnet.hr profile
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Loznica
Association football forwards
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
FK Drina Zvornik players
NK Istra 1961 players
FK Javor Ivanjica players
Trikala F.C. players
FK Bregalnica Štip players
FC Shirak players
NK Vitez players
Croatian Football League players
Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina players
Football League (Greece) players
Macedonian First Football League players
Armenian Premier League players
First League of the Republika Srpska players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Expatriate footballers in North Macedonia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in North Macedonia
Expatriate footballers in Armenia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Armenia
Etlingera muriformis is a monocotyledonous plant species described by Axel Dalberg Poulsen. Etlingera muriformis is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
muriformis
Enteropsidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Cyclopoida.
Genera:
Enterocola van Beneden, 1860
Enterocolides Chatton & Harant, 1922
Enteropsis Aurivillius, 1885
Lequerrea Chatton & Harant, 1924
Mychophilus Hesse, 1865
Mycophilus Hesse, 1865
References
Copepods
This is a list of the 658 Members of Parliament (MPs) elected to the House of Commons of the 11th Parliament of the United Kingdom at the 1832 general election, held over several days from 8 December 1832 to 8 January 1833.
A total of 401 constituencies returned members. 153 constituencies returned one member each; 240 constituencies returned two members each; 7 constituencies returned 3 members each; and one constituency returned 4 members.
Background
1832 was the first general election in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland after the Representation of the People Act 1832 (commonly known as the "Reform Act 1832" or the "Great Reform Act") had introduced wide-ranging changes to the electoral system. The Act disenfranchised many small towns (some of which were known as rotten boroughs), reduced the number of MPs elected by some of the remaining boroughs, and created 65 new seats for the counties and 65 new seats for parliamentary boroughs.
The Act also increased the number of individuals entitled to vote, allowing a total of one out of six adult males to vote, but included the first statutory bar to women voting. The franchise was subsequently extended in several steps over the next century, culminating in the Representation of the People (Equal Franchise) Act 1928, which allowed all adult men and women to vote.
Not all constituencies voted. Where the number of candidates did not exceed the number of seats, members were returned unopposed; this was the case for 189 of the 658 members returned.
Explanatory notes
Scope
The list of MPs records those MPs listed in the London Gazette as having been "returned to serve in the new Parliament". It does not include those subsequently elected in by-elections.
Where the election of an MP was subsequently overturned as a result of an election petition, the relevant entry in the list is shown in italics, and a footnote added to explain the circumstances. For a list of results which were overturned, see below: overturned elections.
Parties
The party labels for MPs in this period should be treated with caution.
The source for party affiliation of MPs for constituencies in England, Scotland and Wales is F. W. S. Craig's British Parliamentary election results 1832–1885. Craig does not distinguish between Liberals, Radicals and Whigs, labeling them all as "Liberal". Similarly, Craig does not distinguish between those who described themselves as Conservatives and those described as Tory, labeling them all as "Conservative". That convention has been followed in this list, with one variation: the label "Tory" has been used for Conservatives and Tories, because the term "Conservative" was not officially adopted by the party until 1834. Craig's volume covers only two years before that date, and 51 years after it, so "Conservative" is the more appropriate term for the period as a whole; but for 1832, it is an anachronism.
Craig warns that party affiliations in the period were fluid and cannot always be accurately assessed, and that some candidates could have been equally well described as either "Liberal" or "Conservative".
Walker's Parliamentary election results in Ireland, 1801–1922 is the source for the party affiliations of the MPs for constituencies in Ireland. Walker also uses the labels "Liberal" and "Conservative", but warns that they are an "over-simplification", noting that until 1868 neither term was used consistently by contemporaries.
A number of Irish MPs have been labelled as "Repeal", referring to the Repeal Association. Walker assigned this label to MPs who "signed the repeal pledge, advocated it at this election, or supported repeal measures in the ensuing parliament".
Types of constituency
There were three types of constituency, each with different arrangements for the franchise:
Counties, which covered the whole of a county. In some cases they were divided into two or more divisions
University constituencies, which had no geographical basis. Their electorate comprised the graduates of the university
Parliamentary boroughs, known in Scotland as burghs, which comprised a town and in some cases some areas outside the town boundaries.
Districts of burghs (in Scotland) and districts of boroughs (in Wales) were a type of borough constituency in which several boroughs jointly elected one Member of Parliament. The areas were not geographically contiguous, and in some cases the boroughs were in different counties
List of MPs elected
Edit by initial letter of constituencies: A–B •
C •
D–E •
F–I •
J–L •
M–N •
O–R •
S–T •
U–Z
|}
Overturned elections
The list of MPs records those MPs listed in the London Gazette as having been "returned to serve in the new Parliament". Where the election of an MP was subsequently overturned as a result of an election petition, the relevant entry in the list is shown in italics, and a footnote added to explain the circumstances. A total of 16 MPs in 14 constituencies were unseated, although one (Sir Charles Paget) was subsequently reinstated.
Voided elections
The 1832 elections were declared void as a result of a petition for a total of 7 MPs in six constituencies:
Undue elections
In 8 constituencies, a petition led to a recount and another candidate was declared elected without a further ballot being held. Nine seats changed hands in this way:
Notes and references
Sources
London Gazette
See also
1832 United Kingdom general election
List of parliaments of the United Kingdom
List of United Kingdom Parliament constituencies (1832–1868)
1832
List
1832 United Kingdom general election
UK MPs
The Northern Illinois Huskies softball (officially NIU Huskies softball) team is the National Collegiate Athletics Association (NCAA) Division I college softball team that represents Northern Illinois University (NIU) in DeKalb, Illinois, United States. The school's team currently competes in the Mid-American Conference (MAC). NIU softball started playing in 1959 and has two NCAA Tournament appearances (1988, 1996) and one appearance in the Women's College World Series (1988). The Huskies are coached by Christina Sutcliffe.
Season-by-season results
Source: NIU Softball Record Book
Coaching staff
NIU softball head coach Christina Sutcliffe is the seventh head coach in NIU softball program history and took over the program starting with the 2013 season.
Christina Sutcliffe – Head Coach
Ashley Wade – Assistant Coach
Mickey Bell – Assistant Coach
Honors
All-Americans
NIU softball has had seven players named to the National Fastpitch Coaches Association (NFCA) All-America teams, including three First-Team All-American selections.
Academic All-Americans
NIU women's SOFTBALL has had 18 players named to CoSIDA Academic All-America teams, including eight First-Team Academic All-American selections.
Players of the Year
NIU softball has had two players named Player of the Year by the conference.
Pitchers of the Year
NIU softball has had two players named Pitcher of the Year by the conference.
Coaches of the Year
NIU softball has had five head coaches named Coach of the Year by the conference.
NCAA Statistical Champions
Division-I: Batting Average
1987: Jill Justin, .503
1988: Jill Justin, .484
Division-I: Most Doubles
1988: Jill Justin, 18
Division-I: Slugging Percentage
1988: Jill Justin, .833
Division-I: Most Triples
1989: Jill Justin, 8
Notable alumni
Jill Justin, Outfielder, (1986–1989)
See also
List of NCAA Division I softball programs
AIAW Intercollegiate Women's Softball Champions
NCAA Division I softball career .400 batting average list
National Fastpitch Coaches Association Hall of Fame
References
External links
The politics of Vanuatu take place within the framework of a constitutional democracy. The constitution provides for a representative parliamentary system. The head of the Republic is an elected President. The Prime Minister of Vanuatu is the head of government.
Executive power is exercised by the government. Legislative power is vested in both the government and parliament. The Judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature.
These institutions, which date from the country's independence in 1980, exist alongside traditional systems of leadership and justice upheld by community chiefs.
Vanuatu is a democracy, whose political culture is different from that in most Western democracies, with strong elements of clientelism, corruption, and political debate that focuses strongly on the distribution of resources among communities. Governments typically comprise coalitions of numerous small parties which change regularly, with parties and MPs "crossing the floor" and Prime Ministers frequently being ousted in motions of no confidence.
Major political issues in Vanuatu include: customary land rights, foreign investment and the sale of citizenship to foreigners, infrastructure development, recognition of West Papua, response to natural disasters and climate change, the tackling of instability and corruption, and the safeguarding of the country's cultural heritage.
Executive branch
|President
|Nikenike Vurobaravu
|Vanua'aku Pati
|23 July 2022
|-
|Prime Minister
|Bob Loughman
|Vanua'aku Pati
|20 April 2020
|}
The constitution created a republican political system headed by a president who has primarily ceremonial powers and is elected by a two-thirds majority in an electoral college consisting of members of Parliament and the presidents of Regional Councils. The president serves a 5-year term. The president may be removed by the electoral college for gross misconduct or incapacity.
The prime minister, who is the head of government, is elected by an absolute majority of the Parliament. The prime minister in turn appoints the Council of Ministers, whose number may not exceed a quarter of the number of parliamentary representatives. The prime minister and the Council of Ministers constitutes the executive government.
Attorney General of Vanuatu
The post of Attorney General existed even before Vanuatu declared its independence in 1980. One of the last Attorneys General of New Hebrides (Vanuatu's former name), Paul Julian Treadwell (c. 1973-1977), even advocated for Vanuatu's independence.
Upon the country's declaration of independence in 1980, it was established that the Attorney General of Vanuatu is the principal legal officer for the government of Vanuatu. The duties, functions, and powers of the Attorney General are outlined in the Republic of Vanuatu's State Law Office Act [242]. The Attorney General may participate in the meetings and deliberations of the Council of Ministers so as to offer legal advice, but does not have any voting rights nor is designated as a member.
Solicitor General of Vanuatu
The Solicitor General of Vanuatu supervises and conducts government litigation in court. S/he also provides legal representation in the absence of the Attorney General of Vanuatu. As with the Attorney General, the duties, functions, and powers of the Solicitor General are outlined in the Republic of Vanuatu's State Law Office Act [242].
Although former President of Vanuatu Kalkot Mataskelekele has been identified as the first Ni-Vanuatu male to serve as the Solicitor General of Vanuatu, their service years are uncertain.
*He served as the Acting Attorney General until Samson Endehipa assumed office as the Attorney General of Vanuatu.
Legislative branch
Parliament or Parlement has 52 members, elected for a four-year term in multi-seat constituencies. The president is elected for a five-year term by the parliament. Parliament normally sits for a 4-year term unless dissolved by majority vote of a three-fourths quorum or a directive from the President on the advice of the prime minister. The national Council of Chiefs, called the Malvatu Mauri and elected by district councils of chiefs, advises the government on all matters concerning ni-Vanuatu culture and language.
Political culture
Vanuatu has a multi-party system of government. In the decades after independence, the English-oriented Vanua'aku Party and the French-oriented Union of Moderate Parties fragmented into numerous smaller parties, defined increasingly by personality politics rather than ideology. These have been joined by newly formed parties such as the Land and Justice Party with a strong indigenous identity.
The political culture is based around clientelism, with MPs having 'allocations' of money to spend on their constituents, and voters judging candidates primarily on their ability to bring resources into their communities rather than on national policy positions.
Though bribery is not common in everyday life in Vanuatu, its political system is widely perceived as extremely corrupt. However, as of 2018, Vanuatu enacted new legislation in order to improve access to information, opening up the government to better accountability and citizen participation. These changes have improved Vanuatu's ranking in the Corruption Perceptions Index.
There are no female MPs in the 2012-2016 parliament, and in general no female chiefs (though in some traditional Vanuatu cultures there are systems under which women can be accorded high rank).
Judicial branch
The Supreme Court of Vanuatu is the superior court in Vanuatu; it consists of a chief justice and up to three other judges. Two or more members of this court may constitute a Court of Appeal. Magistrate courts handle most routine legal matters. The legal system is based on British and French law. The constitution also provides for the establishment of village or island courts presided over by chiefs to deal with questions of customary law.
Political history
Historically, government and society in Vanuatu tend to divide along linguistic - French and English - lines. However, this division has become blurred in recent years due to the fragmentation of political parties and the evolution of a post-independence national identity. Political alliances in Vanuatu today are unstable and driven mostly by electoral convenience rather than ideology.
Originally, English-speaking politicians such as Walter Lini, Donald Kalpokas, and other leaders of the Vanua'aku Pati favored early independence, whereas French-speaking political leaders favored continuing association with the colonial administrators, particularly France. On the eve of independence in 1980, Jimmy Stevens' Nagriamel movement, in alliance with private French interests, declared the island of Espiritu Santo independent of the new government. Following independence, Vanuatu requested assistance from Papua New Guinea, whose forces restored order on Santo. From then until 1991, the Vanua'aku Pati and its predominantly English-speaking leadership controlled the Vanuatu Government.
In December 1991, and following a split in the Vanua'aku Pati, Maxime Carlot Korman, leader of the Francophone Union of Moderate Parties (UMP), was elected Vanuatu's first Francophone prime minister. They formed a coalition government with Walter Lini's breakaway VP faction, now named the National United Party (NUP).
Following parliamentary elections on November 30, 1995, Carlot Korman was succeeded by Serge Vohor, a dissident UMP leader. Over the next 2 years, government leadership changed several times due to unstable coalitions within the Parliament. In November 1997, the President dissolved Parliament. Following the subsequent election on March 6, 1998, Donald Kalpokas, the leader of the Vanua'aku Pati, was elected prime minister.
A vote of no confidence in November 1999 brought Barak Sopé to the fore as Prime Minister. Yet another vote of no confidence resulted in the selection of Edward Natapei as Prime Minister in March 2001. Edward Natapei returned as Prime Minister in the May 2002 national parliamentary elections.
In 2004, Natapei dissolved parliament, and following another national election in July of that year, Vohor became Prime Minister again when two members of the Vanu'aku Party defected to join a new coalition. Vohor was criticised over the establishment of diplomatic relations with China, and on December 11, Vohor was replaced as Prime Minister by Ham Lini in a Motion of No Confidence.
In March 2004 the term of office of President John Bani expired, and Alfred Maseng Nalo was elected in their place. It was soon discovered that Nalo was a criminal and, at the time of their election, was serving a two-year suspended sentence for aiding and abetting, misappropriation, and receiving money dishonestly after money from the sale of cocoa went missing. Had their conviction been known at the time of the election, Nalo's candidature would automatically have been invalid. The electoral commission which supervises candidates and conducts background checks on candidates did not detect the conviction because the police-issued certificate of previous offences had allegedly been completed incorrectly (Port Vila Presse Online, 28 April 2004). Nalo refused to resign, but the Supreme Court ordered their removal from office in May 2004, and the decision was subsequently confirmed by the Court of Appeal.
Following the 2008 parliamentary elections, the governing coalition was maintained, but Ham Lini was replaced as prime minister by Edward Natapei.
See also
Foreign relations of Vanuatu
References
Literature
Andreas Holtz: Nation-Building und die Frage nach Souveränität im Südpazifik vor dem Hintergrund der politischen Geschichte der Republik Vanuatu. Münster/Hamburg/London 2003. .
Bhuchar Mori is a plateau and historic site about two kilometres northwest of Dhrol, a town about 50 kilometres north of Rajkot, Gujarat, India. The place is known for the Battle of Bhuchar Mori and a memorial site dedicated to it. The annual fair dedicated to the event is organised in July and August.
Etymology
Bhuchar Mori, a cowherd of Mori branch of Rajput community, used to sit on the plateau while their animals fed on grass. The place was referred to as Bhuchar Mori No Timbo after him. It is said that the bad omens, such as voices of the birds, at the place had foretold about the future battle.
Battle of Bhuchar Mori
The battle of Bhuchar Mori was fought between the army of Kathiawar led by Nawanagar State and the Mughal army in July 1591 (Vikram Samvat 1648). It was meant to protect Muzaffar Shah III, the last Sultan of Gujarat Sultanate who had taken asylum under Jam Sataji of Nawanagar after their escape from the Mughal emperor Akbar. The Kathiawar army included the armies of Junagadh and Kundla who betrayed Nawanagar and joined the Mughal army at last. The battle led to a large number of casualties on both sides. The battle resulted in the victory of the Mughal, Junagadh and kundla army.
It is considered the largest battle in the history of Saurashtra. It is often dubbed as the Panipat of Saurashtra. Due to the large number of casualties, in Halar region, the word Bhuchar Mori became almost synonymous with the massacre.
Memorial site
The paliya or memorial stone of Ajaji is a horse-mounted idol. The paliya with the hand, dedicated to their wife Surajkunwarba, stand south of it. The inscription on the stone can not be read. There is an inscription in the shrine that the memorial site was renovated by Jam Vibhaji and the shrine was constructed by them on the palia of Ajaji. On the north side wall of the shrine, there is a 16th-century art in traditional style depicting Ajaji on the horse attacking Mirza Aziz Koka on an elephant. There are shrines dedicated to Ram, Laxman and Bhutnath in the compound. To the north of the shrine, there are eight paliya on the floor; including dedicated to Jesha Vajir. There are four paliyas in the row and more three of large size nearby. There are six paliyas to the south of the shrine of which three are partially damaged. There are three black poorly shaped stones in the north of the opposite side of shrine which are dedicated to Atit Sadhus. There are 23 memorials in the compound. Eight more memorials are outside of the compound and one dedicated to Rakhehar Dholi is some distance away. There are 32 memorials in total. The site is visited by people of Jamnagar every year and the worship these memorials with Sindoor.
There are eight tombs on the southwest of the shrine dedicated to the soldiers of the Mughal army. It is believed that soldiers were buried together and eight tombs dedicated to leaders were built on it. The site also has a well and a mosque.
Since 1998, the site is maintained by Bhuchar Mori Shahid Smarak Trust. The site is a protected monument of the archaeological department of the state (S-GJ-84). A new memorial was commissioned by Government of Gujarat headed by Narendra Modi in 2007. The groundbreaking ceremony was held in 2007 and the memorial was completed in September 2015. The new statue of Ajaji was placed at the site which was inaugurated by Anandiben Patel. The government declared that a dedicated forest, Shaheed Van, at site will be developed also.
Since 1992, the memorial site is visited by people of Kshatriya community for prayers on Shitla Satam. The annual fair is organized on the last day of the Shraavana month (Shraavana Vad Amavasya) (July–August) which is attended by thousands.
Gallery
References
Tourist attractions in Gujarat
Jamnagar district
Monuments and memorials in Gujarat
Marmara smilacisella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from the United States (Kentucky and Ohio south to Florida and Texas).
The larvae feed on Smilax glabra, Smilax glauca and Smilax hispida. They mine the upper side of the leaves, making a silvery white narrow mine. There is a narrow central line of frass. The mines wind about over the leaf, crossing and recrossing and in smaller leaves involving almost the whole upper surface. At maturity, the larvae turn bright red, emerge from the mine, and, in a fold under the edge of the leaf, spin yellowish white cocoons to pupate.
References
Gracillariinae
Kenneth Wilfred Baker, Baron Baker of Dorking, (born 3 November 1934) is a British politician, a former Conservative Member of Parliament and cabinet minister, including holding the offices of Home Secretary, Education Secretary and Conservative Party Chairman.  They are a life member of the Tory Reform Group.
Early life
The son of a civil servant, Baker was born in Newport, Monmouthshire. They were educated at Hampton Grammar School between 1946 and 1948, a boys' voluntary aided school in West London (now Hampton School, an independent school). They then went on to study at St Paul's School, a boys' public school then in Hammersmith, London and at Magdalen College, Oxford, where they graduated in 1958 with a BA Degree in History, and four years later with a MSc degree in International Law and Regulations. They did National Service in the Royal Artillery, reaching the rank of lieutenant, and worked for Royal Dutch Shell before being elected as a Member of Parliament at a by-election in March 1968.
Career
Political career
Member of Parliament
Having unsuccessfully contested Poplar in 1964 and Acton in 1966, Baker was first elected to Parliament when they won Acton at a March 1968 by-election, gaining it from Labour following the suicide of Bernard Floud. However, at the 1970 general election they were defeated by Labour's Nigel Spearing. At an ensuing by-election, held on 22 October 1970—caused by the elevation to the Lords (as a life peer) of Quintin Hogg, so that they could become Lord Chancellor after the surprise Conservative victory at the 1970 election—Baker was elected for the safe Conservative seat of St Marylebone in central London. In the parliamentary seat redistribution of the early 1980s, St Marylebone was abolished and Baker was defeated by Peter Brooke for the Conservative nomination at the nearby new safe seat of Cities of London & Westminster. However they successfully obtained nomination at Mole Valley, a safely-Conservative rural seat in Surrey, which they held until their retirement in 1997. They were succeeded there by Sir Paul Beresford.
Early ministerial career
Baker's first government post was in the Heath ministry; in 1972 they became Parliamentary Secretary at the Civil Service Department, and in 1974 Parliamentary Private Secretary to Edward Heath. Having become closely associated with Heath, they were overlooked for office when Margaret Thatcher became Prime Minister in 1979, but in 1981 they were appointed Minister for Information Technology, in the then Department of Trade and Industry. Having been sworn of the Privy Council in the 1984 New Year Honours, they entered the Cabinet as Secretary of State for the Environment in 1985.
Education Secretary
Baker served as Secretary of State for Education from 1986 to 1989. Their most noted action in their time at the Department of Education was the introduction of the controversial "National Curriculum" through the 1988 Education Act. They also introduced in-service training days for teachers, which became popularly known as "Baker days". At this time Baker was often tipped as a future Conservative leader, including in the 1987 edition of Julian Critchley's biography of Michael Heseltine. Critchley quoted one journalist's witticism "I have seen the future and it smirks" (a reference to the famous line "I have seen the future and it works" written by Lincoln Steffens, an American visitor to Lenin's USSR in 1921). Baker's mannerisms were unpopular with some people: they dressed their hair with Brylcreem, and by the late 1980s they had come to be portrayed by the satirical programme Spitting Image as a slimy slug.
Party Chairman
In the July 1989 reshuffle Baker was appointed Chairman of the Conservative Party, with the intention that they should organise a fourth consecutive General Election victory for Margaret Thatcher. They managed to steer the government through the otherwise disastrous local elections of May 1990 by stressing the good results for Conservative "flagship" councils in Westminster and Wandsworth, i.e. supposedly demonstrating that the poll tax—a source of great unpopularity for the government—could be a vote-winner for Conservative councils who kept it low. They were still Party Chairman at the time Margaret Thatcher resigned in November 1990.
Home Secretary
After the change of regime, Baker was promoted to Home Secretary, dealing with prison riots and introducing the Dangerous Dogs Act.
After their term of office they were also found (M v Home Office 1994) to have been in contempt of court for having deported a man back to Zaire in 1991, in breach of an interim injunction and while proceedings were pending. "It would be a black day for the rule of law and the liberty of the subject", the Court of Appeal ruled, "if ministers were not accountable to the courts for their personal actions." This was the first time the courts had reached such a finding against a minister for exercise of Prerogative Powers, something previously thought to be impossible.
After 1992
After the 1992 general election Baker left the government rather than accept demotion to the job of Welsh Secretary. They were appointed a member of the Order of the Companions of Honour (CH) on 13 April 1992. They proposed the Loyal Address in the Queen's Speech debate on 6 May 1992, following the general election. They chose not to stand for re-election to the House of Commons in 1997, and on 16 June was created a life peer as Baron Baker of Dorking, of Iford in the County of East Sussex.
They were interviewed in 2012 as part of The History of Parliament's oral history project.
In the 2000s Baker was described as one of the members of an unofficial "club" of high Tories whose task was to entertain and look after Baroness Thatcher in their declining years.
Since 2019, Baker has campaigned for the abolition of General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) examinations, which they introduced as Secretary of State for Education. Baker believes the certificate to be redundant as it fails in creating skills wanted by employers, is incompatible with the new age 18 school leaving age and causes poor mental health in the youth. When the annual GCSE examinations were cancelled twice during the COVID-19 pandemic, Baker believed there to be increasing opposition to their return and considered it a "great opportunity" to abolish them. Baker also criticised government plans to replace Business and Technology Education Council (BTEC) qualifications with T-Levels as "vandalism", instead preferring to maintain the status quo where both BTECs and T-Levels are available to students.
In September 2019, Baker criticised attempts by Conservative Prime Minister Boris Johnson to deselect rebel Tory MPs at the next general election.
Baker Dearing Educational Trust
Baker was co-founder along with the late Ronald Dearing of the Baker Dearing Educational Trust, an educational trust set up to promote the establishment of University Technical Colleges in England as part of the free school programme.  They are also Chair of the independent education charity Edge Foundation which campaigns for a coherent, unified and holistic education for all young people.
Personal life
Until 1995 Baker lived in Station Road in the village of Betchworth, east of Dorking. They now live in the hamlet of Iford near Lewes, East Sussex.
In 2005 they published a book on King George IV, George IV: A Life in Caricature, followed by King George III: A Life in Caricature in 2007 (Thames & Hudson). Other publications include several compilations of poetry, a history of political cartoons and their autobiography.
In 2006 Lord Baker announced that they were introducing a bill into the House of Lords to address the West Lothian question. This would prevent Scottish and Welsh MPs from voting on legislation which affects England alone as a result of devolution to the Scottish Parliament or the Welsh Assembly.
Baker's son, Oswin, is a leading member of the Greenwich and Woolwich Labour Party.
According to their entry in Who's Who, Baker enjoys collecting books and political caricatures.
In the media
Baker was interviewed about the rise of Thatcherism for the 2006 BBC TV documentary series Tory! Tory! Tory!. Baker was portrayed as a slug in the political satire television show Spitting Image.
Honours
In 1994 Baker was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from Richmond, The American International University in London.
In 2013 they were awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Education from Plymouth University.
They were awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Education from Brunel University in 2016.
Arms
Bibliography
George IV: A Life in Caricature (2005 Thames & Hudson )
George III: A Life in Caricature (2007 Thames & Hudson )
14–18 – A New Vision for Secondary Education (2013 Bloomsbury Academic )
References
External links
Kenneth Baker interview at History of Parliament Online
Kenneth Baker at the Financial Times
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1934 births
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
British Secretaries of State
British Secretaries of State for Education
British Secretaries of State for the Environment
Chancellors of the Duchy of Lancaster
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Conservative Party (UK) life peers
Living people
Members of the Order of the Companions of Honour
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
People educated at Hampton School
People educated at St Paul's School, London
People from Newport, Wales
Presidents of the Oxford University Conservative Association
Secretaries of State for the Home Department
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
Chairmen of the Conservative Party (UK)
Royal Artillery officers
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
The International Gandhi Peace Prize, named after Mahatma Gandhi, is awarded annually by the Government of India.
As a tribute to the ideals espoused by Gandhi, the Government of India launched the International Gandhi Peace Prize in 1995 on the occasion of the 125th birth anniversary of Mohandas Gandhi. This is an annual award given to individuals and institutions for their contributions towards social, economic and political transformation through non-violence and other Gandhian methods. The award carries in cash, convertible in any currency in the world, a plaque and a citation. It is open to all persons regardless of nationality, race, creed or gender.
A jury consisting of the Prime Minister of India, the Leader of the Opposition in the Lok Sabha, the Chief Justice of India, Speaker of the Lok Sabha and one other eminent person decides the awardee each year.
Ordinarily, only proposals coming from competent persons invited to nominate are considered. However, a proposal is not taken as invalid for consideration by the jury merely on the ground of not having emanated from competent persons. If it is considered that none of the proposals merit recognition, the jury is free to withhold the award for that year; the award was withheld in the years from 2006 to 2012 inclusive. Only achievements within 10 years immediately preceding the nomination are considered for the award; an older work may, however, be considered if its significance has not become apparent until recently. A written work, to be eligible for consideration, should have been published.
Recipients
See also
Gandhi Memorial International Foundation
Gandhi Peace Award
Indira Gandhi Peace Prize
List of peace activists
References
Peace awards
Indian awards
Gandhism
Memorials to Mahatma Gandhi
Sovana is a small town in southern Tuscany, Italy, a frazione of Sorano, a comune in the province of Grosseto.
History
Etruscan by origin, Sovana became a Roman municipium, and, from the 5th century, an episcopal see. Conquered by Lombards in 592–605, it was chosen as their administrative center in the area. Later, when Roselle was abandoned due to Saracen ravages, it became the centre of the county under the Aldobrandeschi family. In the Middle Ages it was known as Soana.
Its importance declined when the county was acquired by the Orsini, who moved the capital to Pitigliano. In the mid-16th century Sovana was annexed to the Grand Duchy of Tuscany by Cosimo I de' Medici.
Main sights
Rocca Aldobrandesca (Aldobrandeschi Castle), probably built over a pre-existing Etruscan/Roman fortress. The current appearance dates from its 1572 renovation, when the bastions were added. Dismantled in the 17th century, today only the portal, a tower and a stretch of walls remain.
Palazzo Pretorio (13th-15th centuries).
The Romanesque church of Santa Maria Maggiore (12th-13th church). It houses one of the most ancient pre-Romanesque ciboria (the plural of "ciborium").
Sovana cathedral: built in the 11th-12th centuries over a most ancient 8th century edifice, also in Romanesque style, has a nave and two aisles with columns carrying interesting decorations with biblical scenes. Of the 8th century the crypt and the richly decorated portal remain. Also curious is the relief of a two-tailed siren, next to the latter, which has similarity with one of the carved Etruscan tombs recently discovered in the area. Among others, Bishop of Sovana was Antonio Vegni, born in 1686. After a long period in Rome, they were bishop of Sovana and Pitigliano from 1739 to 1746.
Loggetta del Capitano
The late Renaissance Palazzo Bourbon del Monte, built by Cosimo I de' Medici.
The Church of San Mamiliano, may be the most ancient of the village. In recent years, during archaeological investigations, there has been found a treasure of near 500 golden coins of the 5th century AD.
The Etruscan Necropolis, Archaeological Area of Sovana
People
Pope Gregory VII (Ildebrando di Soana) was born here.
Bibliography
See also
Castell'Ottieri
Cerreto, Sorano
Elmo, Sorano
Montebuono, Sorano
Montevitozzo
Montorio, Sorano
San Giovanni delle Contee
San Quirico, Sorano
San Valentino, Sorano
References
External links
Sovana
Castles in Italy
Italian states
Mark Souster (21 June 1958) is a retired English journalist and former broadcaster.
They replaced David Hands as Rugby Correspondent of The London Times in 2010. They moved to the city 4 years later. In early 2016, they were back with The Times and started covering Horse Racing for the paper, following the death of the paper's longtime racing correspondent, Alan Lee, in late 2015. Their post ended in 2020
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English journalists
English broadcasters
Chikkadu Dorakadu may refer to
Chikkadu Dorakadu (1967 film)
Chikkadu Dorakadu (1988 film)
Parashkev Hadjiev (Bulgarian: Парашкев Хаджиев; born in Sofia, Bulgaria, 27 April 1912 - 1992) was a Bulgarian composer. They were the son of conductor Todor Hadjiev, an early champion of Bulgarian opera. Some view Parashkev Hadjiev as perhaps the most important post-war composer in Bulgaria.
Works
Operas
Once Upon a Time (1957)
A Madcap (1959) - Libretto Ivan Genov
Albena (1962) - libretto Peter Filchev (after the drama of Yordan Yovkov)
Aika-1963 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MSv5VWjdc4U
July Night (1964) - after the drama of Ivan Genov Early ballad Millionaire (1965) - a comedy Yordan Yovkov
Masters (1966) - a drama of R. Stoyanov
Golden Apple - (1972)
Leto 893 (1973) - Libretto Pancho Panchev
Maria Desislava (1978) - Libretto Kamen Zidarov
Ioannis Rex (1981) - Libretto Радко Радков / Radko Radkov
Paradoxes three one-act operas: Divorce, Thief and Gifts (1982)
I, Claudius (1984)
Star without name (1985) - Libretto Ognyan Stamboliev
Malingerer (1987)
Babinata bread (1989)
Inspector (1990)
John Kukuzel Love (1992)
Operetta
Divided (1952)
Icahn (1955 d)
Madame Sans Gene (1958 d)
Film music
Marriage, directed by Borozanov B. (1942)
Fire trail, directed by B. Borozanov, At. Georgiev (1946)
Kalin eagle, directed by Borozanov B. (1950)
Traces remain, directed by Peter Vasilev (1956)
Little, directed by N. Korabov (1958)
Recordings
Songs of Parashkev Hadjiev (Песните на Парашкев Хаджиев) Ludmila Hadjieva. CD 0717-2 2006.
On Slavic Arias by Krassimira Stoyanova - aria from Maria Desislava, opera: Scene 4. Velíki bózhe, chuy móyata molbá!''
Honours
Hadzhiev Glacier in Antarctica is named after Parashkev Hadzhiev.
References
Musicians from Sofia
Bulgarian composers
1912 births
1992 deaths
20th-century composers
Milan Varga (born August 1, 1983) is a Slovak former ice hockey defenceman.
Varga played in the Tipsport Liga for HC Košice, HK Poprad, MHk 32 Liptovský Mikuláš and MsHK Žilina, playing a total of 301 games in nine seasons. They also played in the MOL Liga for Dunaújvárosi Acélbikák and CSM Corona Brașov as well as spending four seasons with Aigles de Nice in France. They played three seasons in the FFHG Division 1 and one in Ligue Magnus before leaving the team on January 28, 2017.
Varga played in the 2003 IIHF World U20 Championship for Slovakia, playing six games and scoring one goal.
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Les Aigles de Nice players
HSC Csíkszereda players
Dunaújvárosi Acélbikák players
HC Havířov players
HC Košice players
MHk 32 Liptovský Mikuláš players
HK Poprad players
HC Prešov players
Slovak ice hockey defencemen
Sportspeople from Košice
MsHK Žilina players
Dalhem (also referred to as Dalhem and Hallvide), is a populated area, a socken (not to be confused with parish), on the Swedish island of Gotland. It comprises the same area as the administrative Dalhem District, established on 1January 2016.
Geography
Dalhem is the name of the socken as well as the district. It is also the name of the small village surrounding the medieval Dalhem Church, sometimes referred to as Dalhem kyrkby. It is situated in central Gotland. The area is rural with farms, tourism and equestrian facilities as the main sources of income.
, Dalhem Church belongs to Dalhem parish in Romaklosters pastorat, along with the churches in Ganthem, Hörsne and Ekeby.
The Dunbodi General Store Museum in Dalhem, is a shop from the early 1900s, preserved as a museum.
Railway
The narrow-gauge railway on Gotland was decommissioned in the beginning of the 1960s. However, short parts of the railway tracks are still preserved. The most well-kept of these is the railway at Dalhem. Built in 1900–1902, it was originally , with the latest restoration finished in 2015, the preserved part is . The railway is maintained by the Gotland Train Association.
Gallery
References
External links
Objects from Dalhem at the Digital Museum by Nordic Museum
Gotland Train Association
Populated places in Gotland County
Heritage railways in Sweden
Cultural heritage of Sweden
Tourism in Sweden
Agriculture in Sweden
Spin Psycle is a 2001 hip-hop mix album by Mix Master Mike. It was released on September 11, 2001.
Track listing
Reception
Allmusic gave a positive review of the album and praised the artist lineup, stating "Anyone who can round up all those guys for some exclusive material and have it cut up by one of the world's best DJs is bound to create something beautiful, and that's exactly what this is."
References
2001 compilation albums
Hip hop albums by American artists
Turntablism albums
DJ mix albums
The meridian 41° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Europe, Asia, Africa, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
Part of the border between Kenya and Somalia runs about 1 km west of the meridian, parallel to it.
The 41st meridian east forms a great circle with the 139th meridian west.
From Pole to Pole
Starting at the North Pole and heading south to the South Pole, the 41st meridian east passes through:
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders"
! scope="col" width="115" | Co-ordinates
! scope="col" width="195" | Country, territory or sea
! scope="col" | Notes
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Arctic Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Barents Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Kola Peninsula
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | White Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-valign="top"
|
! scope="row" | or
| Abkhazia is a partially recognised state. Most nations consider its territory to be part of Georgia.
Passing through Sukhumi.
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Black Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Red Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Dahlak Archipelago
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Red Sea
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-
|
! scope="row" |
|
|-valign="top"
|
! scope="row" |
| The meridian runs parallel to the border with Kenya, which is about 1 km to the west
|-
|
! scope="row" |
| Mainland and Pate Island
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Indian Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Passing just east of the coast
|-
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
! scope="row" style="background:#b0e0e6;" | Southern Ocean
| style="background:#b0e0e6;" |
|-
|
! scope="row" | Antarctica
| Queen Maud Land, claimed by
|-
|}
See also
40th meridian east
42nd meridian east
e041 meridian east
Kenya–Somalia border
Whalerock Industries is an American media and technology company. Based in West Hollywood, Whalerock partners with public figures and brands to create, build and operate direct-to-consumer multi-media apps which integrate music, video, live streaming, e-commerce, and gaming.
Whalerock's partners include Sirius XM, Howard Stern, Warner Bros., Pottermore, MTV, Comedy Central, CMT, MSN, Microsoft, the Kardashian/Jenner sisters, and Tyler the Creator. The multi-media apps were described by Wired as "promising a new kind of interaction—one with more control (and money) for celebrities and more content (and exclusive allure) for super fans."
Whalerock also produces and develops content for film, television, and stage, and develops and operates emoji keyboards for Kim Kardashian (Kimoji), the Los Angeles Lakers, (Showtime! Stickers), Ellen DeGeneres (Emoji Exploji), and the NFL Players Association (Any Given Emoji).
History
Whalerock Industries was founded in January 2014 by Lloyd Braun, previously the president of Brillstein-Grey Entertainment, the chairperson of the ABC Entertainment Group, and the head of the Yahoo! Media Group. In 2005, they predicted that celebrities would become "more directly in contact with their fans, and that "instead of watching them through a cable box, you could see them on the Web and interact with them more." The Street wrote in 2015 that Braun was doing "exactly" that, "but using mobile and over-the-top distribution over the Internet without traditional networks, cable TV, or even major social networking sites."
Braun founded Whalerock Industries following their buyout of BermanBraun, a media production company they co-founded with Gail Berman. In 2015, the investment firm GF Capital acquired a minority stake in the company, MGM renewed its existing TV and film deal with Whalerock, and launched the direct-to-consumer over-the- top media hubs were launched. In 2016, the investment company Insight Venture Partners acquired a minority stake in the company.
In September 2018, RockYou acquired Mom.me and Purple Clover from Whalerock Industries for an undisclosed amount.
Properties
Film and television
Nuts + Bolts (television)
Battlebots (television)
Believer (television)
American Hyperdrive (television)
I Am Pilgrim (film)
The Jellies! (television)
The Addams Family (film)
Digital
Wonderwall
Tested
Golf Media by Tyler, the Creator
Khloe Kardashian
Kylie Jenner
Howard Stern
Sirius Satellite Radio
Kimoji
Lakers Showtime! Stickers
Ellen's Emoji Exploji
Any Given Emoji with National Football League Players Association
Mom.me
References
External links
Television production companies of the United States
Film production companies of the United States
Companies based in Los Angeles
Technology companies based in Greater Los Angeles
The Jewish cemetery of Briceni is located in the eastern vicinities of Briceni in northern Moldova, near the Ukrainian border. It is situated north of road R11, which leads to Ocnița.
The cemetery lies on flat land, surrounded by a broken wall with no gate. Spread over an area of 10,000 sq. m, it contains over 5000 tombstones.
The oldest burial dates back to 1745. There are 10 burials from the 18th century and many hundreds from the 19th century.
The older part with graves from the 19th and early 20th centuries up until World War II is heavily overgrown and many graves are damaged by vegetation, while most of the tombstones themselves are in a more or less good condition. At the newer part are graves from after 1945 to be found, when a small part of the town's Jewish population returned to Briceni.
References
External links
Briceni. Jewish Cemetery
Briceni District
Jewish cemeteries
This article is a list of all current automobile manufacturers of the United States.
Current manufacturers
Big Three
The currently active brands from the "Big Three" manufacturers (Ford, General Motors and Stellantis) are shown below.
Major EV Companies
Lucid Motors (2022–present)
Rivian (2022–present)
Tesla (2008–present)
Other companies
AC Propulsion (1992–present)
AM General (1971–present)
Anteros Coachworks (2005–present)
Aptera Motors (2005–present)
Arcimoto (2007–present)
Aria Group (2017–present)
Aurica Motors(2010–present)
Alpha Motor Corporation (2020–present)
AlloyCars Aluminum Automobiles (1996–present)
Bauer Limited Production (2012–present)
Berrien Buggy (1968–present)
Brammo (2002–present)
Bollinger Motors (2014–present)
Bremach (2009–present)
BXR Motors (2008–present)
Callaway Cars (1977–present)
Canoo (2017–present)
Cizeta Automobili (1988–present)
Commuter Cars (2004–present)
Cord (1929–1937, 2017–present)
Czinger (2019–present)
Cruise Automation (2013–present)
DDR Motorsport (2001–present)
Deco Rides (2000–present)
DF Kit Cars (1993–present)
Dio Cars (1991–present)
Dove Racing (2008–present)
Dragon Motor Cars (2002–present)
Drako Motors (2013–present)
Drakan Motor Cars (2015–present)
DeLorean Motor Company (Texas) (1995–present)
Detroit Electric (1907–1939, 2008–present)
Elation Motors (2014–present)
Elio Motors (2009–present)
Equus Automotive (2013–present)
Everett-Morrison Motorcars (1983–present)
Exotic Rides (2014–present)
Exomotive (2011–present)
Falcon Motorsports (2009–present)
Faraday Future(2014–present)
Factory Five Racing (1995–present)
Fisker Inc (2015–present)
Gagliardi Design (2003–present)
Global Electric Motorcars (1998–present)
Hennessey Special Vehicles (2017–present)
Hyperion Motors (2011–present)
Karma Automotive (2016–present)
Kayo Auto (2022–present)
Kepler Motors (2009–present)
Laffite Supercars (2015–present)
Local Motors (2007–present)
Lordstown Motors (2019–present)
Lucra Cars (2006–present)
Lyons Motor Car (2011–present)
Meyers Manx (1964–present)
Mullen Technologies (2014–present)
Next Autoworks (2006–present)
Myers Motors (2004–present)
N2A Motors (2004–present)
Niama-Reisser (2005–present)
Nikola Corporation (2014–present)
Palatov Motorsport (2008–present)
Panoz (1989–present)
Polaris Inc (1954–present)
RAESR (2014–present)
Ronn Motor Group (2007–present)
Rossion-Mosler Automotive (1985–present)
Rezvani Automotive Designs (2014–present)
Rush Auto Works (2017–present)
Saleen Automotive (1983–present)
Scarab-Motorsports LLC (2006–present)
Scuderia Cameron Glickenhaus (2010–present)
Shelby American (1992–present)
Simpson Design (1978–present)
SSC North America (1999–present)
Superformance (1996–present)
Superlite Cars (2007–present)
Tanom Motors (2010–present)
Transtar Racing (2010–present)
Trion Supercars (2012–present)
United Motorcar Company (2009–present)
Valarra (2019–present)
Vanderhall Motor Works (2010–present)
Vaydor (2013–present)
Vector Motors (1971–present)
Vetter Vehicles (unknown–present)
VIA Motors (2010–present)
Visionary Vehicles (2002–present)
VLF Automotive (2012–present)
Waymo (2009–present)
Wheego Technologies (2009–present)
Workhorse Group (1998–present)
Zimmer Motorcars (1978-1988, 1997–present)
Defunct manufacturers
See also
Automotive industry in the United States
List of automobile manufacturers
List of car brands
Bibliography
Lists of automobile manufacturers
Automobile
Erigeron glabellus is a North American species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae, called the streamside fleabane.
Erigeron glabellus is widespread across much of the colder parts of western North America. In Canada, it has been found in Yukon, Northwest Territories, British Columbia, all three Prairie Provinces, and Ontario. In the United States, it grows in Alaska, the northern part of the contiguous United States from Washington to Wisconsin, and in the Rocky Mountains as far south as Arizona and New Mexico.
Erigeron glabellus is distinguished from related species by its extremely narrow ray florets, sometimes reduced to thread-like strands. The plant is a perennial herb up to 70 centimeters (28 inches) in height. It sometimes produces only one flower head per stem, sometimes a group of up to 10. Each head has as many as 175 white, pink, or blue ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
Varieties
Erigeron glabellus var. glabellus - Alberta, Manitoba Saskatchewan; Colorado, Idaho, Montana, New Mexico, Arizona, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, Wyoming
Erigeron glabellus var. pubescens Hooker - Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, Northwest Territories, Ontario, Saskatchewan, Yukon; Alaska, Colorado, Idaho, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, Wyoming
References
External links
glabellus
Flora of North America
Plants described in 1818
SS Byron was a transatlantic ocean liner that was built in England in 1914 and scrapped in Italy in 1937. They were launched as Vasilefs Constantinos, named after Constantine I of Greece. In 1919 they were renamed Megali Hellas, the Greek name for the Ancient Greek settlements in Sicily and southern Italy. In 1923 they were renamed Byron, in recognition of the role of Lord Byron (1788–1824) in the Greek War of Independence (1821–29).
Throughout their career the ship was owned by the National Steam Navigation Company, Ltd, of Greece. However, France requisitioned them as a troop ship in 1918, and their Greek owners registered them in the United Kingdom from 1923 until 1928.
The ship was small compared with the great transatlantic liners of their era. But even in the 1930s they were the largest ship in the Greek merchant fleet.
Building
Cammell, Laird & Co built Vasilefs Constantinos in Birkenhead on the River Mersey as yard number 800. They were launched on 9 June 1914 and completed that December. Them registered length was , their beam was and their depth was .
Vasilefs Constantinos had berths for 60 First Class, 450 Second Class and 1,800 Third Class passengers, and had a crew of 300. Them holds had capacity for 4,000 tons of cargo. As built, their tonnages were and .
Vasilefs Constantinos had twin screws, each powered by a quadruple expansion engine. The combined power of their twin engines was rated at 1,759 NHP, and gave them a speed of .
The National Steam Navigation Company registered Vasilefs Constantinos on the Aegean island of Andros. Them code letters were HQLG.
Vasilefs Constantinos
On 13 May 1915 Vasilefs Constantinos left Piraeus on their maiden voyage, which was via Patras and Naples to New York. On the afternoon of 28 May US authorities held them for four hours at a quarantine station outside New York because they had a case of suspected typhus aboard. They were allowed to dock at Jersey City later that evening, but passengers were not allowed to disembark until 29 May because United States Customs Service officers were not in position until then.
Greece was neutral in early part of the First World War. Then in September 1915 the Bulgarian Army mobilised against Serbia, and Greece responded by mobilising the Hellenic Army. Thousands of Hellenic Army reservists living in the USA sought to travel to Greece to join the mobilisation. On 12 October Vasilefs Constantinos left Jersey City carrying 2,637 passengers, most of whom were Greek reservists. Them steerage was so crowded that their cargo was limited to 1,000 tons instead of their usual 4,000.
Within hours of leaving port the ship was recalled, reportedly over a dispute between the Greek government and their managers as to how much the government would pay the company for the reservists' passage to Greece. They anchored at the quarantine station until 16 October, when they finally departed eastward across the Atlantic.
On 6 August 1916 Vasilefs Constantinos reached Jersey City carrying 1,991 passengers, most of whom were immigrants from Greece or refugees from the Central Powers' invasion and occupation of Serbia. On 9 September they left Piraeus on their eleventh return trip to Jersey City. After this voyage, their transatlantic service seems to have been interrupted.
By 1918 Vasilefs Constantinos was equipped for wireless telegraphy. Them call sign was SVV.
In 1918 France requisitioned Vasilefs Constantinos as a troop ship. In 1919 they were returned to their owners.
Megali Hellas
In 1919 the ship was renamed Megali Hellas, which is the Greek name for Magna Graecia in Sicily and southern Italy.
On 3 March 1921 the ship ran aground off Kumkale, at the mouth of the Dardanelles. They were refloated in 8 March.
One source states that Megali Hellas resumed service on their route between Piraeus and New York via Patras and Naples on 12 October 1919. However, on 30 May 1921 The New York Times welcomed the return of the ship to New York the previous day "after an absence of seven years". Them passengers on that 1921 voyage included 200 picture brides.
On 29 July 1921, US authorities detained Megali Hellas off Sandy Hook, New Jersey because Greece had used up its immigration quota for that month under the Emergency Quota Act. They were not allowed into port until 1 August.
On 1 October 1921 Megali Hellas reached New York carrying 715 passengers, including 200 Greek brides-to-be who had traveled to marry men in the USA. US immigration authorities allowed no-one to disembark except holders of US or diplomatic passports. The authorities ruled that all 378 steerage passengers would be taken to Ellis Island, held there and deported.
Byron
In 1923 the National Steam Navigation Company founded a UK subsidiary, the Byron Steam Ship Company. In 1924 it transferred Megali Hellas to the new company, renamed their Byron, and changed their port of registration to London. Them UK official number was 147667 and their UK code letters were KQTP.
On 12 January 1923 Byron started serving a revised route between Istanbul and New York via Piraeus, Patras and Marseille. From 4 August 1923 this route was extended to Constanța in Romania.
Cargo fire
On 5 October 1926 Byron was approaching New York, carrying 697 passengers from Europe. At about 0500 hrs, about off Ambrose Channel, a fire was discovered in one of their cargo holds. Them crew fought the fire, but it soon disabled their steam-powered steering gear, so they had to be steered by hand.
At about 0600 Byron they embarked a pilot as normal to take them into port. Them wireless telegraphist sent a distress signal, requesting tugboats and fireboats to assist them
The naval wireless station at The Battery received Byrons signal. The fireboat came alongside, and was joined by . The pair pumped water into the burning hold. Byrons boilers and engines continued to work, and they reached the quarantine station under their own power, assisted by two tugs.
Final years
In 1928 Byron returned to the direct ownership of the National Steam Navigation Company, which changed their port of registration back to Andros. Them new Greek code letters were to JGPH. By 1934 their call sign was SVAG.
On 2 October 1935 Byron left Piraeus on what turned out to be their final voyage to New York. They called at Lisbon on their outward journey, and Boston, the Azores and Lisbon on their return. The Greek government then withdrew their subsidy, and the National Steam Navigation Company went bankrupt.
On 20 February 1937 Byron left Piraeus for the last time. They sailed to La Spezia in northern Italy, where they were scrapped.
References
Bibliography
1914 ships
Maritime incidents in 1921
Maritime incidents in 1926
Ocean liners
Passenger ships of Greece
Passenger ships of the United Kingdom
Ships built on the River Mersey
Steamships of Greece
Steamships of the United Kingdom
Troop ships
World War I merchant ships of Greece
The women's 200m individual medley events at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships were held at the Penteada Olympic Swimming Complex in Madeira between 12–18 June.
Medalists
Results
SM5
Final
Eight swimmers from six nations took part.
SM6
SM7
Final
Eight swimmers from five nations took part.
SM8
SM9
Final
Eight swimmers from five nations took part.
SM10
SM11
Final
Six swimmers from five nations took part.
SM13
SM14
References
2022 World Para Swimming Championships
2022 in women's swimming
Pheidole braueri is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Distribution
Pheidole braueri was described from specimens collected by August Bernhard Brauer who collected insects on Mahé and Silhouette islands, so the precise locality of the type series is unknown. However, subsequent collections are only from Silhouette Island. Thus, this species may be restricted to Silhouette Island.
Related species
Based on similarities in external morphology, especially the head and body of the major worker, P. braueri seems to belong to a widespread group of morphologically related species. The geographic distribution of this potentially monophyletic species group ranges from the Seychelles in the Southwest Indian Ocean to Borneo and to several smaller islands in Micronesia and Melanesia in the South and West Pacific Ocean. This group contains several species with majors that resemble those of P. braueri in key characters including head morphology and the shape of the mesosoma and waist segments. Possibly related species are Pheidole philemon (Solomon Islands), P. hortensis (Borneo and Indonesia), P. maculifrons (Philippines), P. recondita (Guam), P. fantasia (Philippines), P. clypeocornis, P. kikutai, P. retivertex, P. rugifera, P. sayapensis, (these last five from Borneo), and P. tjibodana (Southeast Asia).
Description
Intraspecifically P. braueri minor workers display a significant amount of variability in face and mesosoma sculpture. In contrast to a largely weak to superficial punctate sculpture in most specimens, the heads and mesosomas of the type material are almost entirely smooth and shiny. Despite these relatively distinct intraspecific differences, the morphology and measurements of the types, especially of the major workers, are identical to those of the more recently collected material.
References
External links
braueri
Insects described in 1897
Operation Pilgrim was a planned British operation to invade and occupy the Canary Islands during World War II. The invasion was a contingency plan to be executed in the event of a known plan whereby Germany would support Spain in occupying Gibraltar, the Azores, the Canary Islands as well as the Cape Verde Islands (the German plan was known as Operation Felix). The British feared that such occupation would materially affect Allied access to the Mediterranean and endanger Britain's shipping-lanes to its Dominions. Operation Pilgrim was a preemptive invasion and occupation to prevent German control of the islands. The German invasion never materialised and consequently, Operation Pilgrim was never put into action.
Background
German fears and ambitions
After France's capitulation, General Alfred Jodl presented Hitler with OKW's strategic plans for continuing the war, consisting of two options: The "direct attack" on Great Britain with the objective of the occupation of the British Isles and the second; The 'indirect strategy' advocating an attack on the British Empire, especially on the choke-points that made it possible to maintain the sea lanes to its Dominions and allies. An Anglo-American agreement, by which the United States would obtain a number of British bases in the Atlantic in exchange for 50 used destroyers concerned Hitler, as they expected that either the US or Britain could invade and occupy one or more of the Spanish or Portuguese islands in the Atlantic. To counter any such actions, the OKW studied and started planning for the occupation of the Canary Islands. The study provided two alternatives: (a.) the peaceful transfer and access to the islands to Britain by Spain and (b.) resistance to the invasion by the local Spanish garrison. The first alternative was eliminated by the Spanish-German negotiations of September 1940 concerning the entry of Spain into the war, where a German offer of forces to reinforce the island defence was rejected by Spain, insisting that the Spanish garrison had the necessary resources to counter a British attack.
Having been assured that the islands would be defended by Spain, German Directive no. 18 of 12 November 1940 defining Operation Felix, recommended the need to first occupy the Portuguese archipelagos of the Azores before conducting any attack on Gibraltar. Gibraltar remained the prime objective of Operation Felix. This directive recommended the reinforcement of the Canaries by the Luftwaffe and the Kriegsmarine. In December 1941 the German high command sent Commander Fritz Krauss, authorised by the Spanish Government, to investigate the reinforcement and defensive needs of the islands.
The Cape Verde Islands were poorly protected and had been used as a provisional port for sheltering British survivors from ships sank in the Atlantic. Only two military ships were stationed on the islands, many of the islands' artillery pieces dated from the Cuban War of 1898, air defences consisted of 25 obsolete Fiat biplanes and supplies were frequently moved by camel. Krauss made numerous recommendations related to reinforcement, but in February 1941 the OKM ordered the cancellation of all reinforcements because of the indefinite postponement of Spanish belligerency. After a few months, Germany reviewed its position regarding reinforcements and by 22 May, Hitler agreed to the delivery of four artillery batteries to Spain to reinforce the Islands' defences. The four batteries of 12 guns were distributed between Gran Canaria and Tenerife.
German reinforcements continued until the summer of 1942 but had not solved the problem of a lack of personnel and material in the island garrison. A matter of concern to the Germans was that in May and August 1942 Britain conducted two amphibious operations: Operation Ironclad to secure the naval base of Diego Suarez in Madagascar which was taken on 7 May by forces that had been trained to assault the Port of La Luz of Gran Canaria. Operation Jubilee against Dieppe, had also drawn the attention of the Spanish high command and alerted the Spanish and German authorities to the capabilities of the British in landing and taking the Canary Islands. By the end of September 1942, there were 34,000 troops on the islands, of which one third were of North African descent.
Initiation of Allied planning
On 18 April 1941 the United States Government announced a line of demarcation between the Eastern and Western hemispheres, drawn along the 26° West meridian. This became a virtual sea frontier of the United States in the Atlantic and included Greenland and the Azores. Although not a belligerent, United States warships would patrol this area and keep Britain informed about any Axis activity, but would not provide any direct protection for British convoys. This remained a British responsibility. Both British and US Naval chiefs were concerned about the Azores and suspected that Germany was planning to seize the islands in order to establish a U-Boat and air base. Holding such bases in the central north Atlantic posed a major threat to Britain. Consequently, Britain and the United States started planning an operation to occupy the Azores as well as the Canary and Cape Verde Islands should Hitler move into Spain in support of the Fascists and threaten Gibraltar and these Atlantic islands.
Gibraltar was essential to Britain's war effort and Churchill reiterated this by writing “Spain held the key to all British enterprises in the Mediterranean.” The very real possibility of losing Gibraltar forced the British government to make contingency plans addressing this risk. Churchill further wrote: “If we are forced from Gibraltar, we must take the Canaries immediately, allowing us to control the western entry to the Mediterranean.”
Occupation plan
The operation to occupy the Canaries was initially known as "Operation Puma" but it evolved into "Operation Pilgrim" as time and threats progressed and planning evolved with the amalgamation of three independent invasion plans:
Operation Thruster: Initial plan for the occupation of the Portuguese Azores islands
Operation Springboard: Initial plan for the occupation of the Portuguese Madeira
Operation Puma: Initial plan for the occupation of the Spanish Canary Islands and Portuguese Cape Verde islands
On 12 March 1941, the Joint Planning Staff signed the document titled "J. P. (41) 202 (E) CAPTURE OF THE CANARY ISLANDS", which consisted of a strategic study on the defence of maritime communications and the review of existing plans should Spain either resist or cooperate with the Axis, as well as the advantages of capturing the islands.
Operation Pilgrim operational order was signed on 20 September 1941.
The object of Operation Pilgrim was: "capture and hold, for our own use, the Island of Gran Canary with the Harbour at La Luz and aerodrome at Gando." The invasion was to be led by Major General V. W. Odium's Canadian 2nd Division who were in Britain undergoing training, plus a detachment of SOE special forces. The total force amounted to about 24,000 men and was to be escorted by Rear Admiral L. H. K. Hamilton's naval force of one battleship, four fleet carriers, three cruisers and 27 destroyers, plus five RFA's. The initial troops assigned for the landings would be transported on HMS Queen Emma. The entire force was to be supported by two squadrons of RAF fighters.
The operation would commence with a night approach and first light landings at Puerto de la Luz, the main port on Gran Canaria with a landing by two Canadian infantry battalions from landing-craft with air support provided by Royal Navy aircraft from an aircraft carrier and naval gunfire support from the ships. Once the coastal batteries had been silenced, Canadian forces would enter the Bay of Gando to capture Canaria's airport at Gando with the help of further troops via second landings in the Bay of Ariñaga and the airport would then be used as the base for a further attack on Tenerife. The 30-strong squadron of commandos from SOE were trained to parachute onto Tenerife and conduct sabotage operations to facilitate the British invasion of the island.
A submarine would be stationed close to Gando prior to the start of the operation to carry out reconnaissance and to act as a navigation aid to the ships if the navigation lights on the coast had been turned off or damaged.
Dissipation of threat
The men and landing craft for the operation were kept under orders for the last six months of 1941. The operational plan was simplified after the Allies received news that in the event of any German invasion of the Iberian peninsula, the Portuguese Government would evacuate itself to the Azores island and would then call on British or US forces to protect the islands.
In 1942 Franco declared Spain's status as Neutral (a change from the previous status of non-belligerent) and the Allies agreed to respect this status. This meant that Germany was denied any access to Gibraltar and the Kriegsmarine were denied U-Boat (or other) berthing rights in the Canaries. The Operation Pilgrim plan was cancelled in February 1942. This allowed assignment of more useful commitments for the landing craft and re-prioritising the naval forces.
Notes and references
Footnotes
Citations
Sources
Further reading
Copy of general outline of Operation Pilgrim: http://ww2talk.com/index.php?threads/operation-pilgrim.19110/
Pilgrim
Politics of World War II
Spain
Canary Islands
Spain in World War II
Battles and operations of World War II involving the United Kingdom
20th century in the Canary Islands
1941 in Africa
1941 in Spain
1941 establishments in the United Kingdom
Conflicts in 1941
1942 in Africa
1942 in Spain
1942 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Conflicts in 1942
African theatres of World War II
Cancelled invasions
Cancelled military operations involving the United Kingdom
Cancelled military operations involving Spain
Cancelled military operations of World War II
Disney Channel is the Belgian edition based on the American channel of the same name, owned by the Walt Disney Company.
Disney Channel was launched in Flanders on 1 November 2009, as a subfeed from the Dutch version. The Flemish channel was split from the Dutch version in 2012.
For the French Belgium, Disney Channel France aired in the country until 29 June 2015, when a French Belgian localized feed was launched.
The Flemish and French feeds have the same schedule with their own ad breaks.
History
Disney Channel France was launched in Belgium on 31 March 2003 as an option of the digital cable offers with Canal+.
The French Disney channels were added to Belgacom TV on 1 December 2006.
The Dutch Disney Channel was launched on 30 October 2009 on Belgacom TV, and on 1 November on Telenet along with the French channel.
Since 2012, the Flemish and Dutch Disney Channel became two separate versions, each with their own programming.
A French Belgian feed was launched on 29 June 2015, replacing Disney Channel France except in satellite. The French and Flemish feeds have almost the same schedule, they can have differences like TV shows only dubbed in French like Disney Fam Jam.
Disney Channel Belgium is available in HD on all its providers.
Audience share
In 2019, the French feed is the 3rd kids-specialized channel in Southern Belgium for the 4–14 years old range, behind Nickelodeon and Disney Junior, and in front of Cartoon Network and Studio 100 TV. All ages combined, the channel is ranked 14th regionally.
The Flemish feed is the 5th kids-specialized channel in Northern Belgium for the 4–14 years old range, behind Nickelodeon, Nick Jr., Studio 100 TV and Cartoon Network, and in front of Disney Junior, VTM Kids and VTM Kids Jr.
References
Belgium
French-language television stations
Television channels in Flanders
Television channels in Belgium
Television channels and stations established in 2012
2009 establishments in Belgium
Phra Chulachomklao Fort (; also known as "Phra Chun Fort") is a water fortress in a sub-district in Khlong Bang Pla Kot, Phra Samut Chedi District, Samut Prakan Province. With no evidence of the date, approximately in March 1884, King Chulalongkorn (King Rama V) built this fort to protect the enemy from England and France. The King Rama V built this fort as a western artillery turret, which contained 7 153/32 mm Armstrong cannons, nicknamed a ‘crouching tiger cannon,' which were the major weapons of this fort, making the fort the most modern in those days.
King Rama V, besides the idea of building this fortification, also came to test-fire a crouching tiger cannon by themselves on May 28 in 1893, this fort was used to fire against French warship in the crisis of R.E.112 (Franco-Siamese War) with Rear Admiral Phraya Chonlayutyothin be the guardian of the mouth of the Chao Phraya River.
At present, Phra Chulachomklao Fort is under the supervision of the Bangkok Naval Base and built a statue of King Rama V in 1993 to commemorate the virtues of King Rama V, and the Royal Thai Navy has also organized a museum open to the public. For this reason, they considered this fort as another important tourist attraction in Samut Prakan Province.
In 1993, a statue of King Rama V was built to commemorate their virtues, then, in 1996, Royal Thai Navy decided to discharge the Phra Chulachomklao Fort. At present, the fort is an open-air museum that is under the management of the Bangkok Naval Base. For this reason, Phra Chulachomklao Fort is considered an important tourist attraction in Samut Prakan Province.
History
Samut Prakan Province is the mouth of the Chao Phraya River, therefore, there is a role in the country's security, causing there are many ‘forts' or battle towers, such as Witthayakom Fort, Chao Saming Phrai Fort, Electric Prank Fortress, Enemy Fort Perish. However, these forts are more well-known to the others as ‘Phra Chulachomklao Fort'. The King Rama V built the fort according to the public wishes to defend Their Majesty King Chulalongkorn at Laem Fah Subdistrict, Phra Samut Chedi District, Samut Prakan Province, by their funds and property.
King Rama V saw that the existed fortress was constructed since the reign of King Rama I which was damaged and obsolete. Moreover, it was also not suitable for further national defense because lacking advanced technology to fight with a western nation. So, in 1878, King Rama V ordered Luang Cholayut Yothin (Danish), a deputy commander of the Marine Corps (Marine), to design the fort in a modern western style and built it in 1884 by using the Royal treasury money. However, the money was not enough due to there was being accelerated development in many areas. A large investment was required to complete the fort construction on schedule, then the king decided to give their money in the amount of 10,000 weighs (800,000 baht), as stated in one of the royal letters that as stated in one of the royal letters that “Will give the name of Chulalongkorn Fort King Chulalongkorn similar to all the fortresses in which they used some titles of the lords of the earth”. When the fort was completed in the middle of 1893, King Rama V ordered an Armstrong cannon, barrel size 6 inches, 7 barrels from Sir W. G Armstrong Company Limited to install them in the gun hole. They classified these cannons as the first stern cannon that the Thai Navy owns. Each bullet weighs almost 50 kilograms, has a maximum firing range of 8,042 meters. Moreover, the fort's artillery installation supervisor and the captain was Vice-Admiral Phraya Wichitnawi and Von Holt artillery teacher got appointed as the first fort commander. Such a gun time to shoot must use the force of compressed oil to lift the gun to surface the hole. King Rama V came to test shooting the Crouching Tiger gun on April 10, 1893 (R.S. 112) and named the fort as Phra Chulachomklao Fort.
The Phra Chun Fort played a significant role in serving the country during the Franco-Siamese War. On the evening of 13 July 1893, the Ye Be Say (JB Say) which was a pilot-boat of two French Warships, the Inconstant and the Comet, was commanded by Captain Bory for sailing intruded into the Gulf of Thailand. Then, soldiers at the Phra Chun Fort decided to shoot the French boats till the pilot boat ran aground at Laem Phu Rai beach. After that, the existed French Ships hoisted their battle flags and bombarded the fort. Next, Thai soldiers tried to blast back with every canon, but the two warships still anchored in front of the French Embassy in Bangkok. From this situation, many experts agreed that Thailand was inferior to the French because the Thai military force lacked the training of using the weapons. Another reason was that there was only one Thai soldier who was on duty at the fort which the other two were Danish who recently came to work in Thailand. Mr. Henry Norman, an expert on Eastern countries, said that “During the battle, these soldiers ran away, panting alternately at each gun. They ran up and down the stairs, switching between the firing base while trying not to fall into a hole, and ready to give orders in a language the Siamese soldiers do not understand.”
Architecture
Phra Chulachomklao Fort is a western artillery turret. The structure is hexagonal. which is a building extending to the north of the fort near the mouth of the Chao Phraya River for strategy. The structure comprises 7 artillery holes, as well as personnel transport channels, armor room, and freshwater tank. The crosshair which uses to observe the enemy locates above the gun's hole.
Important tourist attractions
Tourist attractions and exhibitions within the Phra Chulachomklao Fort, which comprises 7 parts:
The royal monument of King Chulalongkorn
The royal monument of King Chulalongkorn was built to honor and commemorate Their Majesty King Chulalongkorn. On January 19, 1993, the Thai Navy joined with the private sector to establish the Thai Navy. Rama IX, along with Maha Chakri Sirindhorn, unveiled King Chulalongkorn's royal monument at Phra Chulachomklao Fort. People who came with roses and cigars to worship, there will be a plaque at the base of the royal monument with the text from the King's letter, which reads, "If Siam's freedom had ended, my life would have ended by then."
Chulachomklao Fort Exhibition Hall
On October 23, 2001, Maha Chakri Sirindhorn launched Chulachomklao Fort Exhibition Hall, where is beneath King Chulalongkorn's base. The exhibition hall displays the history of King Rama V, the history of Chulachomklao Fort especially a related occurrence during the Franco-Siamese War, and also the Thai Navy's history.
Phra Nares and Phra Narai Shrines
Phra Nares and Phra Narai Shrines are Brahmin-Hindu religious for the prosperity of those who visited. These shrines are the sacred object of Phra Chulachomklao Fort. They were constructed in the reign of King Rama V, after that, in 1884 they have torn apart as a pair with the construction of Phra Chula Chom Klao Fort.
Armstrong cannons
Crouching Tiger or Armstrong Cannon is a 152/32 mm cannon from Sir W. G. Armstrong (William George Armstrong), currently Vickers Armstrong Engineering Company, England. Their Majesty King Chulalongkorn officially endorsed the purchase as the private property of the King. In 1893, 10 cylinders (7 cylinders installed at King Chulalongkorn Fort and 3 cylinders installed at the Ocean Butterfly Fortress) were to be stationed in Phra Chulachomklao Fort. In addition, the design is similar to a western turret in which the corridors inside are quite narrow and tiny and the ceiling is around 2 meters high in the shape of tortoiseshell with curves down on both sides. On the way, there are many small rooms for storage the bullets with plenty to collect ammo. A distinctive feature is that this gun is mounted in a dedicated gun hole, raising the gun when firing uses hydro-pneumatic as the suspension system. Once fired, the gun will crouch, which is the origin of the commonly known as the ‘crouching gun.' In the crisis of R.E. 112, these rifles were also used in combat against the French fleet. And Armstrong Cannon was also the first sniper artillery in use in the Navy.
HTMS Mae Klong Museum
HTMS Mae Klong Museum is one of the 7 projects that the Royal Thai Navy organizes as a Thai Warship Museum. It is an open-air museum that was held to honor Their Majesty the King Rama V in the year of the Golden Jubilee in 1996. It has many rooms such as a bridge or control room which is the most essential room on HTMS Mae Klong. For inside the museum, historical information about HTMS Maeklong and the warship Luang Mae Klong is provided. HTMS Maeklong is a frigate-type warship that was made at Uraga Shipyard Yokosuka City, Japan in 1936 by controlling of Captain Luang Chanchakkit Chamanan and Phra Praprakokkonkit. The warship was commissioned in 1937 and retired in 1996 with over 59 years of service. The age of HTMS Mae Klong is the longest-serving warship in the history of the Royal Thai Navy and it is the second oldest warship in the world that has been used in many important functions such as being used as a royal barge in the reign of King Rama 8 and Rama 9 to fight in the Great East Asia War and being used as a naval training ship.
Naval Historical Park
The Royal Thai Navy built a Naval Historical park for the honor to Their Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej, on the auspicious occasion of Their Majesty the King's 6th cycle on December 5, 1999. Besides, the park provides an exhibiting arrangement and display of weapons and components. The Naval Historical Park is not only one of the important historical parks for the navy but also shows the evolution in protecting the country's sovereignty. Moreover, the collection of guns and weapons of the reigns of King Rama V and Rama VI from 25 January 1996 have been preserved, decorated, repaired, and displayed accordingly for current maritime interests. This would be a benefit for the future generation to study the evolution of naval weapons in national defense and in securing the interests of the nation.
The layout of the Naval Historical Park comprises the exhibition building, the 9 pavilions where present various important events of the Navy, and there are outdoor components that display an arrangement of weapons. For the outdoor areas, they are divided into 5 groups.
Group 1 is a group of 7 disappearing guns. Information about these guns and historical stories are provided to show the genius monks and perspectives of King Rama V.
Group 2 is a group of weapons during the reign of King Rama V and King Rama VI. This part focus on the weapons and the procurement of HTMS Phra Ruang boats of King Rama VI, as well as armaments of the two reigns. Lists of the guns and their components that this group display is shown in the following items:
- 120/40 mm guns, 37 mm guns, field wheels, 45 torpedoes
- 76/40 mm guns (Japanese), 45 g torpedoes, 45 g torpedoes
- 57/40 mm guns (boat platform), helmet-style mines, 120/40 mm guns (HTMS Phra Ruang)
- 37/20 mm guns (ship platform), 37 mm machine guns, 5 caliber catering guns, 53 g torpedoes
- 47/40 mm guns, field wheels (meaning guns), 11 mm machine guns, 10 caliber catering guns
- 40/40 mm machine gun, single platform, 57/40 mm gun, 57 mm wheel field (installed on torpedo boats)
- 8 mm machine gun, Hotdis, 37/20 mm gun, 45 b torpedo wheel
Group 3 is a group of guns and weapons which used for World War I, the naval battle at Koh Chang, and World War II. There is the display of various weapons and historical stories of them. Lists of the guns and their components that this group display is shown in the following items:
- Type 77 torpedoes, 20 mm machine gun, Madsen type 77, 40/40 mm guns, dual-platform
- 76/45 mm guns, 20 mm Madsen machine guns, 80-type guns, 75/51 mm guns, 75/51 mm guns.
Group 4 is a group of guns and weapons that the Navy has used since World War II until the present, including the layout of armaments placement that used in the fight against terrorists and communists is also provided with information. Lists of the guns and their components that this group display is shown in the following items:
- 75/41 mm guns, 102/45 mm guns of the HTMS Pho Sam Ton, 20 mm Ericson machine guns
- 37 mm bazooka, field wheels, 4.2-inch grenade launcher, water patrol boat (PBR)
- 90 mm gun, field wheels, 75 mm reflex gun, amphibious vehicle (LVT)
Group 5 is the placement of structures and components to show the role of the Navy during peacetime. In the same way, this group provides information about the navy maintaining national interests at sea, such as marine gas drilling bases, simulated fishing boats..
Mangrove Nature Trail
The mangrove nature trail is suitable for walking and enjoying the view of mangrove plants. Mangrove Nature Trail is a SHERA Bridge with a distance of 750 meters. Since1999 the bridge has been considered as a source of academic knowledge from the actual place, showing the names and stories of each plant and animal living in the mangrove forest. In Phra Chulachomklao Fort's region, there are small mangroves, large mangroves, Pho Thale, Lamphu, Lampen, gills of cichlids from claws, shrimps, and trout. And some signs provide scientific knowledge and benefits of each herb along the bridge path.
Location
The Phra Chulachomklao Fort locates in Thailand's, Samut Prakan Province, Nai Khlong Bang Pla Kot Subdistrict, Phra Samut Chedi District. Visitors can travel by private car which there is parking at the Phra Chula Fortress. Traveling by bus can take bus no. 20 from BTS Wongwian Yai and get off opposite Pom Nakharatsawatyanon School, then cross the road to the school side and take a blue minibus to Phra Chulachomklao Fort's entrance.
References
Military installations of Thailand
Royal Thai Navy
Museums in Thailand
Buildings and structures in Samut Prakan province
Tourist attractions in Samut Prakan province
Qongqothwane is a traditional song of the Xhosa people of South Africa. It is sung at weddings to bring good fortune. In the western world it is mainly known as The Click Song. The Xhosa title literally means "knock-knock beetle", which is a popular name for various species of darkling beetles that make a distinctive knocking sound by tapping their abdomens on the ground. These beetles are believed by the Xhosa to bring good luck and rain.
The song is known world-wide thanks to the interpretation of South African singer Miriam Makeba (herself a Xhosa). In their discography the song appears in several versions, both with the title Qongqothwane and as The Click Song.
More information on the song can be found in Makeba's book The World of African Song (Chicago: Quadrangle Books, 1971), including the following translation: "The doctor of the road is the beetle / They climbed past this way / They say it is the beetle / Oh! It is the beetle."
They explain the song as a traditional folk song which refers to the knocking beetle which makes clicking sounds and can revolve the top part of its body in any direction. The beetle is used in children's games to point the way home, but also has a deeper symbolism, pointing the way to a better future in times of trouble. In their biography (p.86), they mention singing it in The Village Vanguard Club in New York, and calls it a "Xhosa song about a dreamy bride".
Lyrics
Igqirha lendlela nguqongqothwane
Sel' eqabel' egqith' apha nguqongqothwane
A diviner of the roadways is the knock-knock beetle,
Already it climbs up and passes by here, it's the knock-knock beetle.
Other versions
Cher released a version of the song as the lead-single of their 1968 album Backstage.
Four Jacks and a Jill released a version of the song on their 1965 album, Jimmy Come Lately.
Hugh Masekela included the song in their debut recording Trumpet Africaine (1962).
The Cool Crooners of Bulawayo include a version of the song on their 2003 album, Isatilo.
References
Songs about insects
Songs about luck
Songs about marriage
Miriam Makeba songs
Four Jacks and a Jill songs
South African folk songs
Year of song unknown
Thierry Rua Moutinho (born 26 February 1991) is a professional footballer who plays for Super League Greece club Levadiakos F.C. as a midfielder.
They spent most of their career in Spain, making 99 Segunda División appearances and scoring nine goals for four clubs, mainly Mallorca. They also had spells in the top divisions of Switzerland, Romania and Greece.
Born in Switzerland, Moutinho was a youth international for Portugal.
Club career
Servette
Born in Geneva, Switzerland to Portuguese parents, Moutinho started playing football with Étoile Carouge FC. In 2009 they signed with Servette FC, completing their training with the club and making their first senior appearances in the Swiss Challenge League.
In 2010–11, Moutinho played five league games (one start) as Servette won promotion to the Super League. For the following season they were loaned to CD Badajoz in Spain but, after the sale of Matías Vitkieviez to BSC Young Boys in January 2012, they were recalled and assigned the #7 squad number, going on to feature in several matches towards the end of the campaign as the team from the Stade de Genève finished in fourth place.
Spain
Other than their spell with Badajoz, Moutinho spent several years competing in Spanish football, helping Albacete Balompié promote to Segunda División in 2014. They made their professional league debut in that country with that team, coming on as a second-half substitute in a 0–1 home loss against CD Numancia on 21 September 2014.
On 7 July 2015, Moutinho signed with RCD Mallorca on a two-year contract. They scored four goals in their second season, but the Balearic Islands club returned to Segunda División B after 36 years; during their spell, they were also loaned to CD Tenerife of the same league for five months.
Later years
Moutinho started the 2017–18 campaign in the Romanian Liga I, with CFR Cluj. On 27 December 2017, however, they returned to Spain and joined Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa on loan.
On 15 July 2019, Moutinho returned to the Romanian top flight and signed a contract with FCSB. The following transfer window, after 13 competitive appearances, the free agent returned to the Spanish third tier after agreeing to a six-month deal at Córdoba CF.
Moutinho moved to Levadiakos F.C. of Super League Greece 2 in August 2021. They won promotion as champions in their first season.
International career
Moutinho was part of the Portugal under-20 squad at the 2011 Toulon Tournament. They earned the first of their two caps for their country on 3 June, starting in a 1–1 group stage draw with Italy.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
CFR Cluj
Liga I: 2017–18, 2018–19
Supercupa României: 2018
FCSB
Cupa României: 2019–20
Levadiakos
Super League Greece 2: 2021–22
References
External links
Servette official profile
National team data
1991 births
Living people
Swiss people of Portuguese descent
Citizens of Portugal through descent
Footballers from Geneva
Swiss footballers
Portuguese footballers
Association football midfielders
Swiss Super League players
Swiss Challenge League players
Étoile Carouge FC players
Servette FC players
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
CD Badajoz players
Albacete Balompié players
RCD Mallorca players
CD Tenerife players
Cultural Leonesa footballers
Córdoba CF players
Liga I players
CFR Cluj players
FC Steaua București players
Super League Greece players
Super League Greece 2 players
Levadiakos F.C. players
Portugal youth international footballers
Swiss expatriate footballers
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Swiss expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Greece
The Dove is a 1974 American biographical film directed by Charles Jarrott. The picture was produced by Gregory Peck, the third and last feature film they would produce.
The drama is based on the real life experiences of Robin Lee Graham, a young man who spent five years sailing around the world as a single-handed sailor, starting when they were 16 years old. The story is adapted from Dove (1972), the book Graham co-wrote with Derek L.T. Gill about their seafaring experiences.
Plot
The film tells of real-life Robin Lee Graham (Joseph Bottoms), a 16-year-old boy who sets sail in a 23-foot sloop in attempt to be the youngest person to circumnavigate the globe solo. They had planned the trip with their sailor father Lyle Graham (John McLiam) for years.
On one of their stops after setting sail, they meet and falls in love with the gregarious and attractive Patti Ratteree (Deborah Raffin). After much banter, Patti decides to follow Graham throughout their long journey. They meet them in Fiji, Australia, South Africa, Panama, and the Galápagos Islands.
As they travel around the globe, Graham experiences many adventures on the sea and land as they mature from a teenager to a young adult. Graham finds the trip a lonely experience, especially when the wind dies on them on the high seas. At one point they badly want to quit the voyage but Patti (now their new wife) and their father encourage them to continue. At the end of the film, Graham sails into Los Angeles with crowds welcoming them home.
Cast
Joseph Bottoms as Robin Lee Graham
Deborah Raffin as Patti Ratteree
John McLiam as Lyle Graham
Dabney Coleman as Charles Huntley
John Anderson as Mike Turk
Colby Chester as Tom Barkley
Ivor Barry as Kenniston
Setoki Ceinaturoga as Young Fijian
Reverend Nikula as Minister
Apenisa Naigulevu as Cruise Ship Captain
John Meillon as Tim
Gordon Glenwright as Darwin Harbour Master
Garth Meade as South African Customs Official
Peter Gwynne as Fred C. Pearson
Cecily Polson as Mrs. Castaldi
Background
Basis of film
Robin Lee Graham (born 1949) set out to sail around the world alone as a teenager in the summer of 1965. National Geographic Magazine carried the story in three issues from 1966 to 1970, and they co-wrote a book detailing their journey called Dove. Graham was just 16 when they set out from Southern California and headed west in their 24-foot Lapworth sailboat. They became married along the way, and after almost five years, sailed back into their home port. After they and their wife Patti -
who they had met in Fiji – attended Stanford University, they moved to Montana and settled down. They collaborated with a writer on a book of the journey which became the best seller.
Development
Gregory Peck moved into film producing in the early 70s, following their dissatisfaction with some of their late 60s films such as Marooned and Mackenna's Gold, and the recutting of I Walk the Line. They decided to take time out from acting and work as a producer. Their first effort, an adaptation of the play, The Trial of the Catonsville Nine, had not been a success so they spent six months reading material to find their next project.
Peck was told about the series of articles on Graham that were in National Geographic and that a book was being written about him. Peck read the book while it was still in galleys. "I was attracted really because of the character of the boy", said Peck. "He was a very odd fella, an eccentric who sailed around the world at 16. Loners make interesting heroes." They also liked that it was "a strong adventure story."
Peck optioned the screen rights for $10,000 of their own money. They knew Nat Cohen and Bernard Delfont of EMI Films from being on the board of Capitol Records. They gave them $150,000 to purchase the screen rights outright and to write a script.
EMI wanted a US partner and Paramount agreed to come on board.
Filming began under the title of Here There Be Dragons. However, there was concern this would confuse audiences into thinking it was a martial arts film. Upon a Painted Ocean was considered as a title before selecting The Dove.
Director Charles Jarrott said the film will "make a positive statement about a youth who set out to do something and succeeded. It's not a Disney story, there is some abrasion to it."
"You can read one or two things into it, the father-son relationship being what it is in the picture", said Peck. "The movie will make you wonder why a kid would want to drop out, why they aren't offered the kind of future they were interested in."
Casting
Peck says at one time they discussed casting "one or two rock stars" in the lead roles "but they're kind of practiced and slick and a little too sophisticated. We looked for naturalness, sympathetic personalities and original personalities. We looked for kids who weren't hindered by too much self confidence, people that had chemistry."
Joseph Bottoms was cast in the lead role. "The whole picture depends on the kid", said Jarrott. "If you're stuck on the other side of the world and they don't work out, you can't recast the part."
Deborah Raffin was cast as their girlfriend.
Shooting
The film is a travelogue of sorts and the producers filmed on location throughout the world over a four-month period with a 32-person crew. Filming locations included: Suva, Fiji; Darwin, Northern Territory, Fremantle, Western Australia; Cape Town, South Africa; Lourenço Marques, Mozambique; Panama Canal, Panama; Ecuador; and Los Angeles.
Instead of sailing a boat around the world, Peck bought nine identical boats and shipped them to nine different locations.
While largely accurate, the film fictionalizes a few elements. Robin and Patti actually married about halfway through their journey, in South Africa, but the film saves their marriage for the finale, and places it in the Galapagos Islands. In addition, Robin actually sold Dove in Saint Thomas, about 3/4 of the way through their journey, and replaced them with the larger Return of Dove, but the film has them keep the same boat for the duration of their journey.
"It was a terrific gamble", said Peck. "It was exhilarating. I feel I play a role in every scene, even if I don't direct it or act in it. I helped to shape it. I made the thing happen in the first place. Whatever has happened, over the past two years I've certainly known I've been alive."
Reception
Box office
The film performed poorly at the box office in the USA but did better in Europe.
Critical response
Critic Nora Sayre, film critic for The New York Times, thought the film was too wholesome, so much so that Sayre wanted harm to come to the characters. Yet they appreciated Sven Nykvist's cinematography and wrote, "The Dove ... is probably far too wholesome for most of the families I know, although there may be a radiant audience lurking just outside the realms of my acquaintance ... Joseph Bottoms, as the young sailor, smiles too much in the first half of the movie; after that, they cry too much. Their initial overwhelming sunniness turns the viewer into a sadist: You're glad when their cat gets killed or grateful when a shark appears in the ocean. Deborah Raffin, as their winsome girlfriend, is rarely allowed to stop laughing and wagging them head; the two grin and glow at each other until you yearn for a catastrophe."
Others liked the film. Film critics Frederic and Mary Ann Brussat, who reviewed the film much later after the film's release on their website Spirituality and Practice, appreciated the film and its message, and wrote, "Producer Gregory Peck was perceptive when they decided to make a film based on the true life on the youngest person to circumnavigate the world alone ... Graham's exploits and their accompanying struggle to sort out their feelings about themselves and their loyalties to family and girlfriend are fascinating and provocative."
The staff at Variety magazine said, "... an odyssey which provides nautical chills and thrills (as well as breathtaking scenics) aplenty ... Pic really takes off when they meet the girl (played with gauche hesitation at first, but then with beauty and considerable charm by Deborah Raffin) ... Their yes-no yes-no-yes affair is nicely handled."
Peck gave up producing following the death of their son in 1975 and returned to acting.
Accolades
Wins
Golden Globe Award: Golden Globe; Most Promising Male Newcomer, Joseph Bottoms; 1975.
Nominations
Golden Globes: Golden Globe; Best Original Song, John Barry (composer) and Don Black (lyricist); for the song "Sail the Summer Winds"; 1975.
Distribution
The film opened in the United States in September 1974.
Paramount released the film on VHS in 1992.
Network Distributing released the film on Blu-Ray in the UK on April 5, 2021.
Soundtrack
An original motion picture soundtrack of the film was released in 1974 by ABC Records and contained thirteen tracks (00:31:43). On May 1, 2001 a CD was released on the Artemis record label. The song "Sail the Summer Winds", sung by Lyn Paul, was nominated for a Golden Globe and was a top selling hit in England. It hovered just outside the British Top 50 for four months. The score was written by composer John Barry.
Side 1
"The Dove (Main Title)" (03:05)
"Sail The Summer Winds" (Vocal by Lyn Paul) (03:09)
"Hitch-hike To Darwin" (02:14)
"Patty and Robin" (02:20)
"Here There Be Dragons" (02:44)
"Mozambique" (02:15)
Side 2
"The Motorbike and the Dove" (01:24)
"Xing'mombila" (02:09)
"Alone On The Wide, Wide Sea" (03:52)
"Porpoise Escort" (02:30)
"After The Fire" (01:46)
"Sail The Summer Winds" (Vocal by Lyn Paul) (02:21)
"The Dove (End Title)" (01:54)
A bootleg CD version of the soundtrack with the 13 original tracks was released January 28, 2009 by Harkit Records in the UK. The album was transferred from an LP.
On March 31, 2015 Intrada released the officially licensed CD premiere the score, newly re-mixed and re-mastered from original 8-channel session masters
Track list
Original 1974 soundtrack album
1) The Dove (Main Title) (3:05)
2) Sail The Summer Winds+ (3:11)
3) Hitch-Hike To Darwin (2:14)
4) Patty And Robin (2:20)
5) Here There Be Dragons (3:09)
6) Mozambique (2:16)
7) The Motorbike And The Dove (1:24)
8) Xing'mombila (2:10)
9) Alone On The Wide, Wide Sea (3:52)
10) Porpoise Escort (2:31)
11) After The Fire (1:50)
12) Sail The Summer Winds+ (2:21)
13) The Dove (End Title) (1:55)
The Extras – Stereo Album Mixes (No EFX)
14) Xing'mombila – Part 1 (No EFX) (0:25)
15) Xing'mombila – Part 2 (No EFX) (0:33)
16) The Dove (End Title) (No EFX) (1:49)
The Extras – Previously Unreleased Mono Score Cues
17) Sorta Romantic (1:14)
18) Rotten Cat (0:20)
19) Starting Again (2:28)
20) Near Miss (0:22)
21) From The Depths (2:17)
22) Unknown Seas (1:12)
23) Alone On The Wide, Wide Sea (Complete) (5:00)
24) Their Decision (3:11)
+Lyricist: Don Black – Vocalist: Lyn Paul
See also
List of American films of 1974
References
External links
The Schoolboy Circumnavigator at the BlueMoment web site
the main title of film
"Sail The Summer Winds" vocal by Lyn Paul
1974 films
1970s adventure films
American adventure films
American biographical films
American coming-of-age films
1970s English-language films
Films based on non-fiction books
Films directed by Charles Jarrott
Films shot in Ecuador
Films shot in Los Angeles
Films shot in Mozambique
Films shot in Panama
Films shot in South Africa
Films shot in Western Australia
Paramount Pictures films
Sailing films
Seafaring films based on actual events
Films scored by John Barry (composer)
1970s American films
The Zanzibar women's national football team, nicknamed the "Zanzibar Queens", is the women's representative team from Zanzibar, a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania. Founded in 1988, the team has limited recognition as the regional governing body, the Zanzibar Football Association, is a full member of the Council for East and Central Africa Football Associations (CECAFA) and Confederation of African Football (CAF), but Zanzibar Football Association is not recognised by Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) as an independent national association. The national team was supposed to have its first international matches in the CECAFA Women's Challenge Cup in October 2007, but the event was cancelled. The team plays domestically against men's sides in Zanzibar. The development of women's football in Zanzibar faces several challenges specific to Africa and their own islands, including efforts to politicize the game.
Background and development of women's football
Zanzibar is a territory consisting of two main islands, Unguja/Zanzibar and Pemba, and is a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania with its own government. As of the 2002 census, it had a total population of 984,625. Women's football in Africa has not developed compared to elsewhere because of a variety of factors, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. Another problem with the development of the game throughout the continent is that higher ability players leave to play in Europe or the United States. According to Kuhn, funding for the game on a regional level is problematic as national associations do not fund the women's game adequately.
Zanzibar has unique problems relating to the development of the women's game including pressures for female players to wear the hijab while playing and pressure from male family members not to participate as their involvement may bring shame to the family. There is minimal support for the game at schools, with the national federation not responding to requests from the national team coach to work harder to get girls to play the sport in school. A national women's league was created in 2004 after a 26-year effort. Five teams competed in the inaugural season: Women Fighters, Nyuki FC, Koani Sisters, Bungi Sisters and Policewomen FC. Women Fighters won the first two editions of the league, however, the league has since collapsed.
Team
Founded in 1988 by Nassra Juma Mohammed of Tanzania, the Women Fighters was Zanzibar's first women's football club, upon which the national team was built, and the team was created at a time when there were very few women's national teams in existence. Prior to 1988, women had played informally or on men's only teams; several of these players, as well as those from other sports, including badminton, made up the inaugural team. The team soon played a game against the touring Swedish women's club side, Tyresö FF in Zanzibar's largest football stadium, losing the game 0–15 at Amaan Stadium. At the time the team was created, there were few opportunities for it to compete against other women's teams in Zanzibar, but they have played and sometimes beaten men's teams in Zanzibar while receiving support from the Zanzibar Football Association and Zanzibar's Ministry of Sport. The players do not wear a hijab or cover up as part of their kit, which has led to criticism from religious leaders for playing in public while wearing shorts and jersey tops, instead of covering their bodies according to Muslim custom. The team trains in Stone Town at the Mao Tse Tung Stadium. Player recruitment and retention has been a problem because some members of the national team have been prohibited from playing by their husbands or family members. Male relatives of the Fighters team have beaten players because they "disgrace them". National team players are eligible to play for Tanzania in all competitions. Aziza Mwadini and Sabai Yusuf are two Zanzibar based players who have participated in a Tanzanian national team training camp. , Mohammed remained the team's head coach.
The national association, founded in 1926, is recognised by the Council for East and Central Africa Football Associations (CECAFA), but not by Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) despite repeated attempts for such recognition. However, it became a member of CAF in 2017, after previously being an associate member, and plans to re-apply for FIFA membership, which it last did unsuccessfully in 2005.
Zanzibar were meant to play in the inaugural CECAFA Women's Challenge Cup in October 2007, but the tournament was ultimately cancelled because of an inability to attain funding from CECAFA to cover costs connected to the competition. The competition was to have been jointly funded by CAF and CECAFA. The CECAFA secretary, Nicholas Musonye said of the event, "CAF wants to develop women football in this region in recognition of the milestones CECAFA has achieved over the years. CAF appreciates what CECAFA has done despite the hardships the association has gone through, from financial problems to political instability in member states and poor management of associations. Member states in the CECAFA region have not taken women's football seriously. CAF now wants to sponsor a long-term campaign to attract women from this region into the game." CECAFA, after many false starts, eventually staged the first ever CECAFA Women's Championship in 2016 in Uganda, and Zanzibar were one of seven participating teams. They lost all 3 group games, scoring just 1 goal and conceding 30.
In 2007, a movie was made about the team called Zanzibar Soccer Queens. The film was featured at the BFI London Film Festival in 2007.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
2019
See also
Sport in Zanzibar
Football in Zanzibar
Women's football in Zanzibar
References
Association football clubs established in 1988
African women's national association football teams
W
Upolampes is a monotypic genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. Its single species, Upolampes evena, is found in New Guinea, from Western New Guinea to Papua New Guinea and Karkar Island (Australasian realm).
External links
"Upolampes Bethune-Baker, 1908" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Polyommatini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
Jacksonia scoparia, commonly known as dogwood (from its strong odour when burning), is a native species of a pea-flowered, greyish, leafless, broom-like shrub or small tree that occurs in the south east of Queensland, Australia and eastern New South Wales.
Description
Jacksonia scoparia grows as a shrub or small tree, reaching 12 m in height. Its grey bark is rough with furrows.
Taxonomy
Scottish botanist Robert Brown described the dogwood in 1811 in Rees's Cyclopædia, from material sent by John White and George Caley to Kew Garden. The genus name honours George Jackson and the species name is derived from the foliage, which resembles Scotch broom (Cytisus scoparius). Jenny Chappill classified it in Group 4 within the genus, along with Jacksonia chappilliae, Jacksonia rhadinoclona and Jacksonia stackhousei—all from eastern Australia.
Dogwood Creek in Queensland was named after the profusion of the plant in the area by explorer Ludwig Leichhardt on 23 October 1844 during their expedition from Moreton Bay to Port Essington (now Darwin, Northern Territory).
Distribution and habitat
It is often seen growing on high exposed ridges in and around the Oxley Wild Rivers National Park on the Northern Tablelands (New South Wales). The yellow 'pea'-type flowers appear in October and November in racemes from the upper branches.
Uses and cultivation
Its tendency to flower profusely makes J. scoparia an attractive subject for the garden. It was introduced into cultivation in England in 1803. It can be grown in sun or part-shaded positions. During droughts, dogwood has provided a useful fodder that is relished by cattle. Propagation is relatively easy from seed following pre-treatment with boiling water (similar to other members of the pea family). Cuttings also strike reasonably readily.
References
External links
The Australasian Virtual Herbarium – Occurrence data for Jacksonia scoparia
Mirbelioids
Fabales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
scoparia
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Plants described in 1811
The 2009 Lahore bombing, at police headquarters in Lahore, Pakistan on 27 May 2009, killed at least 35 people and injured 250. During the attack gunmen fired on guards then destroyed the emergency response building at the city's police headquarters. Offices used by the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) agency nearby also suffered damage.
Pakistani accounts from the time of the attack say the three attackers who died in the attack were unidentified.
Two of the attackers emerged from the Toyota van used in the attack, and fired on security officials. The driver was not able to breach the boundary of security pylons, before they detonated the bomb.
Some eyewitnesses claimed additional terrorists provided covering fire.
Attribution
Authorities immediately blamed Taliban for this attack. Taliban later took the responsibility for the attack, calling it a retaliatory step for Pakistan's military operations against Taliban in the Swat valley. The caller Hakimullah Mehsud, deputy to Baitullah Mehsud, threatened of more attacks on government facilities in Lahore, Rawalpindi, Islamabad and Multan, asking people to leave those cities. Another group, Tekreek-e-Taliban Punjab, also claimed credit for the attack.
In the fall a jihadist named Ali Jaleel, from the Maldive Islands was identified as one of the bombers.
Their martyrdom video was broadcast on YouTube.
References
21st-century mass murder in Pakistan
Mass murder in 2009
Spree shootings in Pakistan
Terrorist incidents in Pakistan in 2009
Car and truck bombings in Pakistan
Terrorist incidents in Lahore
May 2009 events in Pakistan
2000s in Lahore
Attacks on buildings and structures in Pakistan
Attacks on police stations in the 2000s
Building bombings in Pakistan
Sir Ernest Clarke (21 February 1856 – 4 March 1923) was an English medical clerk for public health, historian of agriculture, Secretary of the Royal Agricultural Society, antiquarian, folklorist, bibliographer, author, editor, and scholar of folk songs.
After education at King Edward VI School, Bury St Edmunds, Ernest Clarke was a salaried clerk in the medical department of the Local Government Board from 1872 to 1881. From 1881 to 1887 they were Assistant Secretary, Share and Loan Department, London Stock Exchange. From 1887 to 1905 they were Secretary of the Royal Agricultural Society.
Clarke wrote 38 articles for the Dictionary of National Biography and several articles for its first and second supplements. They also wrote for The Nineteenthy Century and other journals. They were the author of History of the Board of agriculture, 1793-1822 (published in 1898) and the editor of a new edition of The Chronicle of Jocelin of Brakelond in 1903 and a 3rd edition in 1907.
During the 1880s they were a valued adviser and co-editor assisting Ernest Hart, the editor-in-chief of the British Medical Journal. Clarke received in 1894 an honorary M.A. from St John's College, Cambridge. In the early 1890s they were a lecturer under Professor John Wrightson at Downton Agricultural College. At Cambridge, they were a university lecturer on agricultural history from 1896 to 1899 (and was also the University of Cambridge's first such lecturer). At Cambridge they were also the Gilbey Lecturer in History and Economics of Agriculture from 1897 to 1901.
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Statistical Society in 1882. They were knighted in 1898 and was made Chevalier de l'ordre du Mérite agricole in 1889. They were made an honorary member of several foreign agricultural societies.
References
External links
1856 births
1923 deaths
Historians of agriculture
People educated at King Edward VI School, Bury St Edmunds
Knights Bachelor
In SCSI computer storage, computers and storage devices use a client-server model of communication. The computer is a client which requests the storage device to perform a service, e.g., to read or write data. The SCSI command architecture was originally defined for parallel SCSI buses but has been carried forward with minimal change for use with Fibre Channel, iSCSI, Serial Attached SCSI, and other transport layers.
In the SCSI protocol, the initiator sends a SCSI command information unit to the target device. Data information units may then be transferred between the computer and device. Finally, the device sends a response information unit to the computer.
SCSI commands are sent in a command descriptor block (CDB), which consists of a one byte operation code (opcode) followed by five or more bytes containing command-specific parameters. Upon receiving and processing the CDB the device will return a status code byte and other information.
The rest of this article contains a list of SCSI commands, sortable in opcode or description alphabetical order. In the published SCSI standards, commands are designated as "mandatory," "optional" or "vendor-unique." Only the mandatory commands are required of all devices. There are links to detailed descriptions for the more common SCSI commands. Some opcodes produce different, though usually comparable, effects in different device types; for example, opcode recalibrates a disk drive by seeking back to physical sector zero, but rewinds the medium in a tape drive.
SCSI command lengths
Originally the most significant 3 bits of a SCSI opcode specified the length of the CDB. However, when variable-length CDBs were created this correspondence was changed, and the entire opcode must be examined to determine the CDB length.
The lengths are as follows:
List of SCSI commands
When a command is defined in multiple CDB sizes, the length of the CDB is given in parentheses after the command name, e.g., READ(6) and READ(10).
External links
Summary of SCSI command operation codes
SCSI
Phillip Charles Harris (December 19, 1956 – February 9, 2010) was an American captain and part owner of the crab fishing vessel Cornelia Marie, which is featured on Discovery Channel's documentary reality TV series The Deadliest Catch. They suffered a stroke while offloading C. opilio crab in port at Saint Paul Island, Alaska, on January 29, 2010. Despite improvements in their condition, Harris died on February 9, 2010, at the age of 53, while suffering an intracranial hemorrhage in the hospital.
The episode of The Deadliest Catch featuring the Captain's death aired on July 20, 2010, followed by a special tribute episode.
Career
Harris started fishing with their father at age eight and after high school began crab fishing. They initially worked on a crab boat as an unpaid deckhand until they proved their worth. By the time they were 21 they were one of the youngest crab fishing boat captains on the Bering Sea. They had been captain of the Cornelia Marie for more than 20 years at the time of their death.
From 2004 and until their death, Harris and their boat were followed by an embedded film crew for the series The Deadliest Catch. The Cornelia Marie was first shown during the opilio crab portion of Season 1, as partnership of the F/V Maverick. The Cornelia Marie was heavily involved in search efforts for the Big Valley after it sank. It became a regular fixture of the show from the second season on.
Harris was thrown from their bunk during a storm in the 2008 season, and thought they had broken their ribs. They spent several hours coughing up blood until their sons and crew finally convinced them to seek medical attention and enlisted the film crew to watch their condition. Doctors later determined that they had suffered a pulmonary embolism. Medical treatment for this condition prevented them from fishing for almost a year. They returned for the opilio crab fishing season in January 2009.
Some of Harris's sea stories were included in the book The Deadliest Catch: Desperate Hours. In 2008, Harris developed a line of coffees, "Captain's Reserve", with blends named after fishing themes such as "Harris Family Blend" and "Midnight Sunrise".
Harris's chain-smoking, which was frequently seen on the show, added to their health woes.
Death
Harris suffered a stroke during the sixth televised opilio crab season of The Deadliest Catch. They were offloading crab on January 29, 2010, at St. Paul Island, Alaska. They were flown to Anchorage for surgery, and was placed in an induced coma to reduce intracranial pressure and swelling. They awoke from the coma after their condition improved. They were squeezing hands, talking, and showing other signs of improvement. Harris's doctors were amazed by their rapid improvement, saying that they were making gains in a few days that usually take months for stroke victims. However, Harris died from an intracranial hemorrhage on February 9, 2010.
They were cremated, and half of their ashes were buried in an ornately painted Harley-Davidson motorcycle gas tank with the remains of their mother; their family spread the remainder of the ashes at sea from aboard the Cornelia Marie.
Their sons Jacob and Joshua issued a statement from the Harris family, saying, "It is with great sadness that we say goodbye to our dad – Captain Phil Harris. Dad has always been a fighter and continued to be until the end. For us and the crew, they were someone who never backed down. We will remember and celebrate that strength. Thanks to everyone for their thoughts and prayers." Joshua would eventually become the Cornelia Marie's new captain.
The sixth season of The Deadliest Catch featured footage of Harris at work for the last time. A memorial service to Harris was hosted by the Discovery Channel along Seattle's waterfront on Smith Cove Cruise Terminal at Pier 91 on Friday evening, April 30, 2010. This was the night before the Puget Sound's annual Opening Day for boating season. Their sons spoke at this service. A boat gave a final salute from the location where their vessel is based in Elliott Bay.
Personal life
Harris was single at the time of their death, but had been married and divorced twice. Their first marriage, from 1982 to 1991 was to Mary Harris, mother of their three sons, Shane, Joshua and Jacob. Joshua and Jacob worked on board their fishing vessel during the taping of Discovery's Deadliest Catch on the Cornelia Marie, as deckhands. Their second marriage began January 22, 1992, and ended in divorce in 2006 to Teresa Harris. Their hometown was Bothell, Washington. They enjoyed driving fast and owned both a Harley-Davidson motorcycle and a Chevrolet Corvette. Besides driving fast and fishing, they also enjoyed building bird feeders.
Before their death, Harris set up a coffee company called Captain's Reserve. Their sons are now in the process of promoting the brand and expanding the family business. National retail expansion began January 2011, and went global the same year.
References
External links
Official Cornelia Marie Site
Phil Harris moments on Discovery Channel
1956 births
2010 deaths
Deaths from pulmonary embolism
Participants in American reality television series
People from Bothell, Washington
Sea captains
Joshua Brannon Huckeby (February 13, 1802 – March 22, 1889) was a 19th-century American politician and lawyer. Huckeby represented Perry County, Indiana, in the Indiana House of Representatives during the 21st, 27th, and 29th sessions of the Indiana General Assembly. They served as Prosecuting Attorney for the 3rd Indiana District Common Pleas Court from 1854 to 1856.
Family
Huckeby was born near the courthouse at Liberty in Bedford County, Virginia, to John Huckeby, Sr. (1774–1827) and their wife, Frances Anne (Brannon) Huckeby (1781–1851). John was a local farmer. In 1805, John and their family left their home near the Peaks of Otter and moved to Barren County, Kentucky, living successively in Garrard, Lincoln, and Breckinridge counties in Kentucky.
Their paternal grandparents were Thomas Huckaby and Keziah Self. Thomas was born in Virginia but later settled in Kentucky. Their ancestors had come from the east of England to Colony of Virginia during the reign of King Charles II of England. Keziah was the daughter of William Self of Cumberland County, Virginia.
Their mother's father, Lawrence Brannon, was of Irish descent. Their wife, Olympias Brannon, née Loudoun, had been left an orphan in infancy.
Early life and marriage
In common with most of their contemporaries of the frontier, Huckeby grew up without the privilege of even a common school education. Altogether their schooling did not amount to a term of three months.
In 1823, they left Breckinridge County, Kentucky and came to Perry County, Indiana, settling near the town of Rome. There they met Rebecca "Becky" Lang (1808–1891), and after a brief courtship they were married at Rome by their stepfather, Lemuel Mallory (1763–1851), on April 4, 1824. Joshua and Rebecca Huckeby were the parents of nine children, three sons and six daughters: Mary Ann (1826–1864), Rachel Littell (1828–1883), Eliza Ellen (1830–1901), Elizabeth (c.1833–1852), John Lang (1835–1882), William Lamb (c. 1838–1903), Sarah Jane (1840–1852), Isabelle (1845–1909), and Thomas Jefferson (1847–1849).
The family moved from Rome to Cannelton, Indiana, c. 1848. As in Rome, they operated a tavern in Cannelton for a while. In 1856, they bought a house from R. Henry Gay on Taylor Street. This house would come to be known as the Virginia Place.
Political career
Huckeby was elected a justice of the peace in 1833, served on the county board of school examiners in 1836, and was county surplus revenue agent in 1843. They represented the county in the Indiana General Assembly for the sessions of 1836–1837, 1842–1843, and 1844–1845, but lost for state representative in 1846 and 1850. They were a staunch Whig while that party maintained its organization, and in 1860 was an elector for John Bell and Edward Everett. After this they united with the Republican Party and became its earnest and sincere supporter. Their bitter and unrelenting opposition to the Democratic Party often led them into unpleasant controversies.
Fellow members of the same legislature, with whom Huckeby was more or less closely associated, regardless of political differences, were James D. Williams, William A. Bowles, Samuel Hanna, David Macy, David P. Holloway, and William Hayden English. Huckeby also corresponded with Robert Dale Owen of New Harmony, Indiana.
From 1854 to 1856, they served as prosecuting attorney for the 3rd Indiana District Common Pleas Court, discharging their duties with marked ability, and for several years thereafter practiced their profession with vigor and success. For several years of the latter part of their life, from 1871 to 1884, they served as postmaster at Cannelton.
The bent of their mind was decidedly political. They were a natural born politician. Politics was their meat and drink, and nothing so delighted them as the opportunity to engage in political discussion in which they were apt to engross most of the time. On the stump they were a formidable antagonist and their experiences in this respect has probably never been equaled in Perry County. Their knowledge of the roads, streams and by paths, the ravings and hollows, the school houses and places of public resort in Perry county was surpassed by no one.
Their grandson, Thomas James de la Hunt, Jr. (1866–1933) wrote this of their grandfather, "He was a marked example of the Old School politician, violently unrelenting in many inherited prejudices, and always delighting to dwell reminiscently upon the political triumphs of those early years when–it was their favorite boast–he knew every man in Perry County, their politics, their religion, and the nighest way to their house."
American Civil War
Huckeby was a supporter of the Union during the American Civil War (1861–1865). In the 1860 presidential election, Huckeby's southern birth and conservatism allied them with the Constitutional Union Party, and they were placed upon the Bell and Everett ticket as elector for the First District of Indiana, to which Perry County then belonged. However, in this sentiment they were not upheld by their wife and their two sons, who were adherents of Abraham Lincoln. Their wife, Rebecca, was a distant cousin of John Henninger Reagan of Texas, Postmaster General of the Confederate States of America.
In 1861, at the outbreak of the American Civil War, Governor of Indiana Oliver P. Morton ordered that Perry County send its muskets to Indianapolis, Indiana, for the war. However, the weapons were removed by local residents and hid on Huckeby's property. A reward was offered for their return, but it was some time until the circumstances connected with the removal of the weapons were divulged.
In 1864, Huckeby entertained Captain Edmund Morgan of the United States Navy paddle steamer at their home, the Virginia Place. This house, which is still standing, was built during the early 1850s and is believed by locals to be haunted. The house remained in the Huckeby/DeLaHunt family from 1856 to 1933. In 2007, Jill Harris Newton published a book about this entitled Ghosts of the Virginia Place.
Their two sons, Captain John Lang Huckeby and William Lamb Huckeby, served in the Civil War. Their daughter, Rachel Littell (Huckeby) Mason was president of the Ladies' Patriotic Aid Association which supplied the Quartermaster-General at Indianapolis with much-needed clothing for soldiers. Them husband, Judge Charles Holland Mason (1822–1894) served as a colonel during the war. Their youngest daughter, Isabelle Huckeby, married Major Thomas James de la Hunt, Sr. (1835–1872) after the Civil War.
Death
Huckeby died at their home "Virginia Place" in Cannelton on the morning of March 22, 1889, at 87 years of age. They were survived by their wife and three children. Their funeral took place from St. Luke's Episcopal Church on 24th. As the oldest Freemason in the county, their local lodge and the neighboring lodges from Tell City, Indiana, and Hawesville, Kentucky, were in attendance. They were interred in Cliff Cemetery in Cannelton.
Their grandson, Thomas James de la Hunt, Jr. (1866–1933) was a well-known writer and newspaper columnist.
See also
Charles Holland Mason
Indiana House of Representatives
Perry County, Indiana
Robert Dale Owen
William Hayden English
References
Goodspeed, Weston A. History of Warrick, Spencer, and Perry Counties, Indiana, Goodspeed Bros. & Co., 1885.
Cannelton Enquirer. March 30, 1889. Obituary of Joshua Brannon Huckeby, Esq.
De La Hunt, Thomas James. Perry County, A History. Indianapolis, 1916.
William Hayden English Family Papers, 1741–1928.
Indiana Historical Bureau. August 1929. Indiana History Bulletin, Vol. 6, No. 3, pp. 46–52. Joshua Brannon Huckeby, Perry County Pioneer.
Indiana Historical Bureau: Indiana Election Returns 1816–1851. Indianapolis, 1960.
Indiana Historical Bureau. 1980. A Biographical Directory of the Indiana General Assembly.
External links
1802 births
1889 deaths
People from Bedford, Virginia
People from Kentucky
American people of Irish descent
Indiana Whigs
19th-century American politicians
Indiana Republicans
Members of the Indiana House of Representatives
Indiana lawyers
People from Cannelton, Indiana
Indiana Constitutional Unionists
1860 United States presidential electors
19th-century American lawyers
19th-century American Episcopalians
Thestius is a genus of hairstreak butterflies in the family Lycaenidae. The species of this genus are found in the Neotropical realm.
Species
Thestius pholeus (Cramer, [1777])
Thestius selina (Hewitson, 1869)
Thestius meridionalis (Draudt, 1870)
Thestius epopea (Hewitson, 1870)
Thestius azaria (Hewitson, 1867)
Thestius lycabas (Cramer, [1777])
References
External links
"Thestius Hübner, [1819]" at Markku Savela's Lepidoptera and Some Other Life Forms
Eumaeini
Lycaenidae of South America
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Sylvin may refer to:
Sylvin Farms Winery, a winery in New Jersey
common name for potassium chloride
See also
Sylvite, potassium chloride in natural mineral form
Sylvinite, ore mined for the production of potash
Park Seung-wook (; born 7 May 1997) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender for Pohang Steelers.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
1997 births
Living people
South Korean footballers
Association football defenders
Korea National League players
K3 League players
K League 1 players
Busan Transportation Corporation FC players
Pohang Steelers players
Dong-Eui University alumni
Reginald James "Reg" Spiers (born 14 December 1941) is an Australian former athlete who competed in the javelin throw at the 1962 Commonwealth Games, before their later conviction on drug smuggling charges.  They are best known for successfully posting themselves in a box from England to Australia to avoid paying for a plane ticket.
Athletic career
Born in Adelaide, South Australia, Spiers, who grew to be over two metres tall and strongly built, took up javelin and became one of the leading javelin throwers in Australia while still a teenager, placing third in the 1960/61 Australian Track and Field Championships and second in 1961/62.
Their results led to their qualification for the 1962 Commonwealth Games in Perth, Western Australia, where they came fifth with the best throw of 69.70 metres.
Spiers continued to compete but their performances during the 1963/64 Australian summer were not enough to gain admission to the 1964 Australian Olympic team so Spiers travelled to England in an attempt to qualify during the English summer. Unsuccessful, desperate to get back home in time for their daughter's birthday and penniless by the end of the season, Spiers enlisted a fellow athlete to help them build a man-sized wooden box, in which they then air-freighted themselves back to Australia. Referred to as having "heroic - albeit borderline delusional gumption" for their actions, Spiers eventually made it to Perth, although nearly dehydrating on the runway in Mumbai.
Spiers's 1964 journey as airfreight from London to Australia was highly publicised after the British javelin thrower who'd built Spiers's box, John McSorley, became concerned about their friend's welfare and contacted sports correspondent James Coote from The Telegraph newspaper in London. Following their six-year disappearance after skipping bail from Adelaide with their girlfriend in 1981, Spiers declined a television interview with Channel 9 in 1988. Scant details had survived about Spiers's sixty-three-hour stowaway flight, and little was known about their time on the run, until they endorsed a book by McSorley's wife and son.
After a brief retirement, Spiers returned to competitive athletics in the 1966/67 season, winning the national javelin championship with a throw of 73.77 metres. The next season, Spiers recorded their best ever throw of 74.45 metres but only finished third nationally. Spiers continued to compete until 1980/81, again winning the national javelin throw in 1976/77 with a throw of 73.68 metres.
Post-athletic career
Following their retirement from athletics, Spiers became involved in drug smuggling and was arrested by the Australian Federal Police and charged in the Adelaide Courts for conspiracy to import A$1.2 million of cocaine and cannabis resin into Australia in 1980. Spiers pleaded guilty and was sentenced to ten years, but disappeared from Adelaide in October 1981.
Spiers next appeared in India, where they were arrested on 5 January 1982 on charges of being a drug courier, which led to questions being asked in the Australian parliament about their passport.
After escaping from India, Spiers was next arrested at Bandaranaike Airport in Sri Lanka on 1 December 1984 while travelling on a French passport under the name Patrick Claude Albert Ledoux. Sri Lankan Customs officials found 41 packets of drugs, including of heroin, hidden in a cassette recorder in Spiers's possession. On 2 June 1987, Spiers was found guilty of four counts of possessing heroin and one count of possessing hashish and sentenced to death. A successful appeal earned Spiers a reprieve, but they were forced to serve a five-year prison term in Adelaide.
In 2011, Spiers's daughter Jane was convicted on counts of manufacturing a controlled drug, and one count of doing so for sale. Jane Spiers was jailed for six years, with a three-year non-parole period.
In 2014, a book was released Out Of The Box: The Highs and Lows of a Champion Smuggler, published by Roaring Forties Press in the US. The book was endorsed by Spiers and covers details of their journey from England to Australia as airfreight, as well as their years on the run as a fugitive that led to death row.
References
1941 births
Living people
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
Athletes (track and field) at the 1962 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Australian cannabis traffickers
Australian people imprisoned abroad
Prisoners and detainees of Sri Lanka
Prisoners sentenced to death by Sri Lanka
Athletes from Adelaide
Australian male javelin throwers
Rebecca Miriam Cunningham (1970) is an American emergency physician and researcher.  They are the vice president for research at the University of Michigan, and William G. Barsan Collegiate Professor in the Michigan Medicine Department of Emergency Medicine, and Professor of Health Behavior and Health Education at the School of Public Health.
Education
Cunningham graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree from Fairfield University, and medical degree from Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia.
Career
Cunningham completed their medical residency in at the University of Michigan. They then joined the faculty at the University of Michigan in 1999.
They later led a NIH-funded national project called "Firearm Safety Among Children and Teens (FACTS)." In 2010, they published "Screening adolescents in the emergency department for weapon carriage," and later "Firearm Violence Among High-risk Emergency Department Youth After an Assault Injury." They also are the inaugural director of the CDC funded U-M Injury Prevention Center.
In 2014, Cunningham was appointed the Associate Chair for Research in the Department of Emergency Medicine. In this role, they collaborated with other researchers and institutions to produce a website that offers free access to data on guns, as well as training for health care providers. A few years later, they were promoted to associate vice president for research-health sciences in the University of Michigan Office of Research for three years.
In 2019, Cunningham was the recipient of the William G. Barsan Collegiate Professorship. They were also elected a member of the National Academy of Medicine and named interim vice president for research. Also in 2019, they received awards for excellence in research from both the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine and the American College of Emergency Physicians.
References
External links
Living people
1970 births
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
Fairfield University alumni
Thomas Jefferson University alumni
University of Michigan faculty
American women academics
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American women physicians
21st-century American women writers
The Bride Wore Red is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Dorothy Arzner, and starring Joan Crawford, Franchot Tone, Robert Young and Billie Burke. It was based on the unproduced play The Bride from Trieste by Ferenc Molnár. In this "rags to riches" tale, Crawford plays a cabaret singer who poses as an aristocrat. This film is the last of the seven films that Crawford and co-star Franchot Tone, then their husband, made together.
Plot
In a Trieste casino, the cynical Count Armalia (George Zucco) tells their friend Rudi Pal (Robert Young) that life is “a great roulette wheel”. Luck is the only thing separating aristocrats and waiters.. Later, in “the lowest dive in Trieste” they tell Rudi that if they had one of the girls “washed, dressed and coiffured” Rudi could not tell the difference between one of the “poor things” (prostitution is implied) and their fiancée. Rudi leaves, and the Count decides to prove their point. They offer the singer, Anni Pavlovitch (Joan Crawford), money, a wardrobe and a two-week stay at Terrano, an elegant resort in the Tyrol. They will be Anne Vivaldi, the fictional daughter of a fictional naval officer. Anni's one condition: a red evening dress.
When Anni arrives at the Terrano train station, they get a ride to the hotel from Giulio (Franchot Tone), a philosophical and poetical mail carrier who has no ambition, no desire for wealth, and is not impressed by their haughty attitude. The hotel manager greets Anni effusively: The Count has arranged everything.
The maid turns out to be Anni's old friend, Maria (Mary Philips). One day, Maria looked into a mirror and was frightened by the wrinkles and heavy makeup that foretold them “finish.” They have built a new, happy life at the hotel. Maria is suspicious of the Count and warns Anni to be careful and correct.  They are horrified by Anni's beloved new evening dress, a mass of red beads. “You might as well wear a sign,” they say, grimly.
That evening, dressed in pale lace, Anni struggles with the menu and table service until a waiter helps her, discreetly. Rudi is dining with their fiancée, Maddalena Monti (Lynne Carver); their father, Admiral Monti (Reginald Owen); and the Contessa di Meina (Billie Burke). Rudi and the Admiral are both attracted to Anni. The Admiral sends them a note. Thinking it is from Rudi, they coolly tear it up. Rudi apologizes, explains, and invites them to join their party. The Admiral pretends to know her, Rudi asks them to dance, and the Contessa warns Maddalena: “Watch out!”
Rudi falls in love with Anni, mystified by the difference between their behavior at the hotel and their wild freedom in the woods. Giulio, clearly in love, is also confused.
Hoping to lure Rudi into a proposal, Anni extends them stay.
The Contessa, who has been suspicious from the beginning, wires Armalia. Their reply—he had forgotten all about their experiment with the cabaret girl—comes through Giulio. On the way to deliver it, Giulio meets Anni, and they go to their cottage. They tell them a long lie about their past, and breaks down. They love him, but marriage to Rudi would bring the life they crave. Later, they fall, and Giulio loses the telegram while helping them
At the costume party, Anni snubs Giulio when they offer their edelweiss, a symbol of devoted love found only in remote, dangerous mountain heights. “He must have risked their lives for those flowers,” the Contessa says. Rudi finally proposes, after they refuse to be their mistress. They confess to Giulio that they love him—but they will marry Rudi the next day because they can live without love but will never again live with hunger.
The next day, Rudi tells Maddalena that they love Anni. They step aside, suggesting that they dine together that evening, and then bursts into tears. While Maria helps Anni pack, Anni decides to wear the red dress. Maria tells them that they no longer has a heart and that the gaudy red is what they are really like. “You can't remember the waterfront because you are still there.”
During dinner, Giulio brings a copy of the telegram to the hotel; the bellboy delivers it to the Contessa, who shows it to the others. Maddalena is genuinely sympathetic. Anni tells Rudi that they should marry their childhood sweetheart.
Anni runs to Maria for comfort, but soon realizes that they are relieved. They leave the hotel, taking only their peasant costume and a long cloak. Giulio is happily waiting for them
Gallery
Cast
Joan Crawford as Anni Pavlovitch
Franchot Tone as Giulio
Robert Young as Rudi Pal
Billie Burke as Contessa di Meina
Reginald Owen as Admiral Monti
Lynne Carver as Maddelena Monti
George Zucco as Count Armalia
Mary Philips as Maria
Paul Porcasi as Signor Nobili
Dickie Moore as Pietro
Frank Puglia as Alberto
Adriana Caselotti as First Peasant Girl
Jean Lewis as Second Peasant Girl
Ann Rutherford as Third Peasant Girl
Reception
Howard Barnes of the New York Herald Tribune wrote,
"Joan Crawford has a glamorous field day in The Bride Wore Red.... With a new hair-do and more wide-eyed than ever, they play at being a slattern, a fine lady, and a peasant with all of the well-known Crawford sorcery. It is not entirely their fault that they always remain herself. [The film] has no dramatic conviction and little of the comic flavor that might have made it amusing though slight. Your enjoyment of it will depend on how much of Miss Crawford you can take at one stretch.... The direction of Dorothy Arzner is always interesting and sometimes...is extraordinarily imaginative, but here they have not been able to give a vapid Cinderella pipe dream more than a handsome pictorial front."
References
External links
1937 films
1930s English-language films
American black-and-white films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
Films scored by Franz Waxman
Films based on works by Ferenc Molnár
Films directed by Dorothy Arzner
1930s romantic comedy-drama films
Films produced by Joseph L. Mankiewicz
Films with screenplays by Waldo Salt
Films set in Trieste
Films set in Italy
American romantic comedy-drama films
1937 comedy films
1937 drama films
1930s American films
Bullgill is a hamlet in Cumbria, England.
Geography
It is located to the northeast of Dearham, by road northeast of Maryport and southeast of Crosby Villa. The River Ellen flows nearby.
History
Bullgill was developed as a mining community. The Ellen Pit coal mine was sunk in 1859.
A railway station was formerly located at Bullgill connecting it with . It closed to passengers on 7 March 1960.
Governance
Bullgill, is part of the Workington constituency of the UK parliament. The current Member of Parliament is Sue Hayman, a member of the Labour Party. The Labour Party has won the seat in every general election since 1979; the Conservative Party has only been elected once in Workington since the Second World War: in the 1976 Workington by-election.
For the European Parliament residents in Allonby voted to elect MEP's for the North West England constituency.
For Local Government purposes it is in the Ellen & Gilcrux Ward of Allerdale Borough Council and the Maryport North Ward of Cumbria County Council.
The village also has its own Parish Council; Crosscanonby Parish Council.
A Poem about Bullgill
This poem, attributed to Gordon Nicholl, describes the closure of Bulgill Colliery in about 1910.
Original West-Cumbrian Version:
Translation:
See also
List of places in Cumbria
References
Hamlets in Cumbria
Crosscanonby
Anatoly Ivanovich Shelyukhin (; June 15, 1930 – October 21, 1995) was a Soviet cross-country skier who competed during the late 1950s and early 1960s, training at VSS Trud in Kostroma. They earned a bronze medal in the 4x10 km relay at the 1960 Winter Olympics in Squaw Valley. They won two medals at the 1958 Nordic skiing World Championships with a silver in the 4x10 km relay and a bronze in the 15 km. They were born in Kostroma.
References
Biography of Anatoly Shelyukhin
1930 births
1995 deaths
People from Kostroma
Olympic cross-country skiers of the Soviet Union
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Soviet male cross-country skiers
Cross-country skiers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1956 Winter Olympics
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Kostroma Oblast
A pocket veto is a legislative maneuver that allows a president or other official with veto power to exercise that power over a bill by taking no action (keeping it in their pocket), thus effectively killing the bill without affirmatively vetoing it. This depends on the laws of each country; the common alternative is that if the president takes no action a bill automatically becomes law.
Barbados
Similarly to India, section 58 of the Constitution of Barbados, as amended by the Constitution Amendment Act 2021 (which transitioned the country from a Commonwealth realm to a parliamentary republic with its own head of state) states that the President shall declare their assent to a bill passed by Parliament or withhold their assent. However, much like in India, the Barbadian Constitution does not give a specific time frame for presidential action on a bill sent by the Parliament. Thus, by indefinitely postponing action on a bill, and not sending it back to Parliament, the president could effectively veto it.
Finland
The President of Finland has the power to pocket-veto bills passed by the parliament; however, such vetoes are temporary in effect.
India
Article 111 of the Indian constitution states that the President shall declare their assent to a bill passed by both houses of Parliament or withhold their assent, provided that may they return the bill to Parliament for reconsideration. If the President returns the bill, and Parliament passes it once again, with or without any amendments, the President cannot withhold their assent. However, the Indian Constitution does not give a specific time frame for presidential action on a bill sent by the Parliament. Thus, by indefinitely postponing action on a bill, and not sending it back to Parliament, the president effectively vetoes it. Zail Singh, the President of India from 1982 until 1987, exercised a pocket veto to prevent the Indian Post Office (Amendment) Bill from becoming law.
United States
Normally if a president does not sign a bill, it becomes law after ten days as if they had signed it. A pocket veto occurs when a bill fails to become law because the president does not sign it within the ten-day period and cannot return the bill to Congress because Congress is no longer in session. Article 1, Section 7 of the U.S. Constitution states:
If any Bill shall not be returned by the President within ten days (Sundays excepted) after it shall have been presented to him, the same shall be a Law, in like manner as if they had signed it, unless the Congress by their Adjournment prevent its return, in which case it shall not be a Law.
The Constitution limits the president's period for decision on whether to sign or return any legislation to ten days (not including Sundays) while the United States Congress is in session. A return veto happens when the president sends a bill, along with their objections, back to the house of Congress from which it originated. Congress can override the veto by a two-thirds vote of both chambers, whereupon the bill becomes law. If Congress prevents the bill's return by adjourning during the 10-day period, and the president does not sign the bill, a "pocket veto" occurs and the bill does not become law. Congress can adjourn and designate an agent to receive veto messages and other communications so that a pocket veto cannot happen, an action Congresses have routinely taken for decades. If a bill is pocket vetoed while Congress is out of session, the only way for Congress to circumvent the pocket veto is to reintroduce the legislation as a new bill, pass it through both chambers, and present it to the President again for signature. James Madison became the first president to use the pocket veto in 1812.
Of presidents throughout United States history, Franklin D. Roosevelt had an outstanding number of pocket vetoes, more than anyone before or after him. During their presidency from 1933 to 1945 Roosevelt had vetoed 635 bills, 263 of which were pocket vetoes. All presidents after them until George W. Bush had pocket vetoes while they were in office; the most after Roosevelt was Dwight D. Eisenhower who had 108. George W. Bush, Barack Obama, Donald J. Trump, and Joe Biden are the only modern presidents to not use pocket vetoes. Ten presidents from founding to 1886 did not use this tactic.
Legal status
Courts have never fully clarified when an adjournment by Congress would "prevent" the president from returning a vetoed bill. Some presidents have interpreted the Constitution to restrict the pocket veto to the adjournment sine die of Congress at the end of the second session of the two-year congressional term, while others interpreted it to allow intersession and intrasession pocket vetoes. In 1929, the United States Supreme Court ruled in the Pocket Veto Case that a bill had to be returned to the chamber while it is in session and capable of work. While upholding President Calvin Coolidge's pocket veto, the court said that the "determinative question is not whether it is a final adjournment of Congress or an interim adjournment but whether it is one that 'prevents' the President from returning the bill". In 1938, the Supreme Court reversed itself in part in Wright v. United States, ruling that Congress could designate agents on its behalf to receive veto messages when it was not in session, saying that the Constitution "does not define what shall constitute a return of a bill or deny the use of appropriate agencies in effecting the return". A three-day recess of the Senate was considered a short enough time that the Senate could still act with "reasonable promptitude" on the veto. However, a five-month adjournment would be a long enough period to enable a pocket veto. Within those constraints, there still exists some ambiguity. Presidents have been reluctant to pursue disputed pocket vetoes to the Supreme Court for fear of an adverse ruling that would serve as a precedent in future cases.
George W. Bush
In December 2007, President George W. Bush claimed that they had pocket vetoed , the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008, even though the House of Representatives had designated agents to receive presidential messages before adjourning. The bill had been previously passed by veto-proof majorities in both the House and the Senate. If the president had chosen to veto the bill, they would have been required to return it to the chamber in which it originated, in this case the House of Representatives. The House then could have voted to override the veto, and the Senate could have done likewise. If each house had voted to override the veto, then the bill would have become law.
Then House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (Democratic representative for California) stated: "Congress vigorously rejects any claim that the president has the authority to pocket veto this legislation and will treat any bill returned to the Congress as open to an override vote." On January 1, 2008, Deputy Assistant to the President and White House Deputy Press Secretary Scott Stanzel stated: "A pocket veto, as you know, is essentially putting it in your pocket and not taking any action whatsoever. And when Congress – the House is out of session – in this case it's our view that bill then would not become law."
Louis Fisher, a constitutional scholar at the Library of Congress indicated: "The administration would be on weak grounds in court because they would be insisting on what the Framers decidedly rejected: an absolute veto." By "absolute veto" Fisher was referring to the fact that a bill that has been pocket vetoed cannot have its veto overridden. Instead, the bill must be reintroduced into both houses of Congress, and again passed by both houses, an effort which can be very difficult to achieve.
In the end, the House of Representatives did not attempt to override the veto. Instead, in January 2008, the House effectively killed H.R. 1585 by referring the pocket veto message to the Armed Services Committee and passing , a bill nearly identical to H.R. 1585 but slightly modified to meet the President's objection, which subsequently became law.
This was not the first time that a president has attempted to pocket veto a bill despite the presence of agents to receive their veto message. Both George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton made similar attempts, and Abraham Lincoln used it against the Wade–Davis Bill in 1864.
State legislatures
Across the country, pocket veto powers are not uncommon in committees of state legislatures, which allows a committee to "kill" a bill, sometimes without even a public vote; in Colorado, the power was notably repealed in a citizen initiative constitutional amendment in 1988 driven by various reform groups.
When a committee refuses to vote a bill out of committee, a discharge petition can be passed by the broader membership. The specifics vary from state to state; for example, in 2004, a report found that New York State places more restrictions than any other state legislature on motions to discharge a bill from a committee, which led to subsequent reforms.
Indiana
After nearly a century of pocket vetoes, the Indiana Supreme Court ruled pocket vetoes unconstitutional in 1969. Governor Edgar Whitcomb requested that the General Assembly pass an act repealing all laws that were enacted because of the Supreme Court decision, some of which were nearly a century old. The assembly complied with the request and passed a blanket repeal.
Other use
Because a pocket veto cannot be overridden, it is sometimes used to describe situations where either one person, or a small group, can override the will of a much larger group without consequence. For example, when the California Supreme Court was answering the certified question of intervenor standing in the case of Perry v. Brown (known as the Proposition 8 case), one of the justices expressed concern that denying appellate standing to initiative proponents would mean that the governor and state attorney general would "essentially get a 'pocket veto.
See also
List of the United States presidential vetoes
Recess appointment
References
Law of the United States
Veto
Maxima () is a computer algebra system (CAS) based on a 1982 version of Macsyma. It is written in Common Lisp and runs on all POSIX platforms such as macOS, Unix, BSD, and Linux, as well as under Microsoft Windows and Android. It is free software released under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
History
Maxima is based on a 1982 version of Macsyma, which was developed at MIT with funding from the United States Department of Energy and other government agencies. A version of Macsyma was maintained by Bill Schelter from 1982 until their death in 2001. In 1998, Schelter obtained permission from the Department of Energy to release their version under the GPL. That version, now called Maxima, is maintained by an independent group of users and developers. Maxima does not include any of the many modifications and enhancements made to the commercial version of Macsyma during 1982–1999. Though the core functionality remains similar, code depending on these enhancements may not work on Maxima, and bugs which were fixed in Macsyma may still be present in Maxima, and vice versa. Maxima participated in Google Summer of Code in 2019 under International Neuroinformatics Coordinating Facility.
Symbolic calculations
Like most computer algebra systems, Maxima supports a variety of ways of reorganizing symbolic algebraic expressions, such as polynomial factorization, polynomial greatest common divisor calculation, expansion, separation into real and imaginary parts, and transformation of trigonometric functions to exponential and vice versa. It has a variety of techniques for simplifying algebraic expressions involving trigonometric functions, roots, and exponential functions. It can calculate symbolic antiderivatives ("indefinite integrals"), definite integrals, and limits. It can derive closed-form series expansions as well as terms of Taylor-Maclaurin-Laurent series. It can perform matrix manipulations with symbolic entries.
Maxima is a general-purpose system, and special-case calculations such as factorization of large numbers, manipulation of extremely large polynomials, etc. are sometimes better done in specialized systems.
Numeric calculations
Maxima specializes in symbolic operations, but it also offers numerical capabilities such as arbitrary-precision integer, rational number, and floating-point numbers, limited only by space and time constraints.
Programming
Maxima includes a complete programming language with ALGOL-like syntax but Lisp-like semantics. It is written in Common Lisp and can be accessed programmatically and extended, as the underlying Lisp can be called from Maxima. It uses gnuplot for drawing.
For calculations using floating point and arrays heavily, Maxima has translators from the Maxima language to other programming languages (notably Fortran), which may execute more efficiently.
Interfaces
Various graphical user interfaces (GUIs) are available for Maxima:
wxMaxima is a graphical front-end using wxWidgets.
There is a kernel for Project Jupyter, a flexible, notebook-style GUI written in Python.
GMaxima is a Maxima interface using GTK+.
Cantor, using Qt, can interface with Maxima (along with SageMath, R, and KAlgebra)
The GNU TeXmacs and LyX mathematical editor programs can be used to provide an interactive GUI for Maxima, as can SageMath. Other options include the Imaxima front end, as well as an Emacs and XEmacs interaction mode which is activated by Imaxima.
Kayali
Climaxima, a CLIM-based front-end.
See also
Comparison of computer algebra systems
SageMath, a free mathematics software which borrows many libraries from Maxima
References
Further reading
External links
Common Lisp (programming language) software
Computer algebra system software for Linux
Computer algebra system software for macOS
Computer algebra system software for Windows
Cross-platform free software
Free computer algebra systems
Free educational software
Free software programmed in Lisp
Software that uses wxWidgets
The Baltimore & Annapolis Railroad was an American railroad of central Maryland built in the 19th century. The railroad, the second to serve Annapolis, ran between Annapolis and Clifford along the north shore of the Severn River. From Clifford, just north of the present day Patapsco Light Rail Stop, it connected with the B&O's Curtis Bay branch so that trains could travel to Baltimore. In 1921, when it was called the Annapolis and Baltimore Short Line, it was purchased by the larger Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis Electric Railway (WB&A), and then emerged from the WB&A's 1935 bankruptcy and closure as the Baltimore & Annapolis Railroad. B&A electric passenger operation between the two cities continued until 1950, at which time the rail line became solely a freight carrier, operating buses for passenger service. Freight service to Annapolis continued until June 1968 when the Severn River Trestle was declared unsafe. In the 1980s, the line was completely shut down. The right-of-way now serves as part of Baltimore's light rail system and as the Baltimore & Annapolis Trail.
Annapolis and Baltimore Short Line
Origins
The Baltimore & Annapolis Railroad was chartered in 1880, by a group of New England promoters as the Annapolis and Baltimore Short Line and began running in March 1887. This freight and passenger line was an integral link between Annapolis and Baltimore, transporting almost two million passengers per year until competition from nearby highways forced the railroads' closure. It was the second railroad to serve Annapolis and provided a faster connection to Baltimore, taking a more direct path along the north shore of the Severn River and then crossing the river into Annapolis. The railroad transformed the once-secluded banks of the Severn to a series of suburban communities.
The railroad started as a steam powered line running from Bladen Street in Annapolis, crossing the wide Severn River estuary on a long timber trestle, and on to Clifford on the B&O line, where it used the B&O tracks to terminate at Camden Station in Baltimore. Because the A&B Short Line created an almost straight line southeast from Baltimore it snatched much of the Baltimore-Annapolis trade away from the Annapolis, Washington & Baltimore Railroad on which passengers had to change trains at Annapolis Junction.
At some point prior to 1892, a small connecting line was built between the A&B and the AW&B at the Bay Ridge Junction wye where the AW&B met the Annapolis and Bay Ridge Railroad.
Reorganization
Business was slim in the early years, and in 1893 the railroad was sold to George Burnham Jr. and reorganized as the Baltimore & Annapolis Short Line the next year. Universally it was called simply “The Annapolis Short Line.”
Modernization
The line was electrified in 1908, and changed its name to the Maryland Electric Railways Company, providing clean, comfortable, faster, and more frequent service. Unlike most electric railways of its time, which employed a low voltage Direct Current electrification, the line installed a 6,600 volt, 25 cycles, single phase Alternating Current electrification system newly developed by the Westinghouse Electric & Manufacturing Company. The pioneering AC system was less than fully successful, however, and in 1914, new owners switched to DC. When it did, the B&O was wary of a high-voltage overhead line over its tracks between the Clifford interchange and Camden Station. (Both the WB&A and Short Line then used 3300v AC) So the B&O built a new line for the Short Line between Cliffords and its mainline at Russell Street, paralleling the South Baltimore branch through Westport. This line ran immediately west/south of the Curtis Bay and South Baltimore branches, passing under the Curtis Bay branch along the way.
Purchase
During its heyday, the years between 1918 and the late 1920s, the B&A transported as many as 1,750,000 passengers per year between Baltimore and Annapolis. Trains left every hour from 6 am through 11 pm (during rush hours, the trains left every 30 minutes). Because of its strong performance, the neighboring WB&A bought the Annapolis Short Line in 1921 and it became part of the WB&A system in which it was called the North Shore Line. Afterward, Short Line trains were routed over the WB&A between Linthicum and the WB&A's new Baltimore terminal at the corner of Howard & Lombard Streets, now the site of a Holiday Inn. At the same time, most of the old Short Line track between Linthicum and Westport was abandoned, except for a section between Baltimore Highlands and the B&O Cliffords interchange which was kept to handle freight to and from the B&O. The "new" (B&O-built) Annapolis Short Line ROW between Cliffords and Westport was also retained for freight interchange, though this segment was later abandoned in 1979
Emergence from Bankruptcy
Gross receipts for the WB&A began to decline almost as soon as it bought the B&A in 1921. For the next decade, the WB&A only survived because of a law exempting it from taxes. In January 1931, the extension of the law failed to pass by one vote and the line went into receivership.
The line remained in operation for four more years until it officially ceased on August 20, 1935. The WB&A was sold at public auction with scrap dealers buying most of the rolling stock. The right-of-way and some equipment were bought by the Bondholders Protective Society who then formed the Baltimore and Annapolis Railroad Company. This company negotiated an agreement with the B&O to use Camden Station as its Baltimore terminal. The new company took over on August 21, 1935 for continuous operation. The company also entered the motor bus business, later serving Fort Meade from both Baltimore and Annapolis, plus other points not reached by its rails.
World War II
With the start of World War II and gas rationing, the B&A often ran with all available equipment in service. At semester breaks, holidays and graduation times the trains were packed with midshipmen from the United States Naval Academy, and the B&O ran steam trains to pick up teams and supporters to transport them to Philadelphia for the Army-Navy games. The B&A typically trains between Baltimore and Glen Burnie, with 3-cars continuing on the additional to Annapolis.
End of the Line
Following World War II, gasoline and cars came back. By 1949, the B&A offered scheduled commuter bus service between Baltimore, Glen Burnie, and Annapolis, along with its passenger rail service, and reported an operating deficit of $100,000 on an annualized basis. A proposal for the line to be acquired by the B&O Railroad for freight service was discarded when the B&O's studies concluded it would require $1.35 million in infrastructure improvements to bring it up to Class 1 railroad standards. By June, 1949, the developer of a new housing community near Glen Burnie complained in Architectural Forum magazine that the rumored discontinuation of "rail rapid transit" was adversely affecting sales to buyers, "who don't want to ride busses on congested streets".
At a hearing in November 1949, the Maryland Public Service Commission reported "The rails are worn and would have to be replaced if passenger service is continued; the cars and trains are antiquated, decrepit, and unattractive means of travel; schedules are slow, and there is no inducement, save that of necessity, for anyone to travel the area by rail. While not yet dead, it is moribund”. The B&A substituted buses for rail service; on February 5, 1950, the B&A Short Line made its final passenger run. The electric wires were removed, but the railroad remained intact for diesel-operated freight service. The B&A purchased a diesel that remained in freight service to Annapolis until June 1968 when the Severn River Trestle was embargoed.
The freight was now terminated at Jones Station where Annapolis Lumber and Supply Company sent trucks to collect freight. At this time, the Naval Academy converted their power and heating systems from coal to oil. By the early 1970s, all that remained in service was a six-mile (10 km) stub to Glen Burnie. The remaining B&A rail freight service ended in 1986.
The Baltimore & Annapolis Railroad's public bus system was absorbed by Maryland Transit Administration (MTA) in 1973 as Route 14. The company continued as a charter bus service using motorcoaches into the mid-1980s, but eventually ceased service.
In 1981, Anne Arundel County purchased a section of the wide right of way from Dorsey Road in Glen Burnie to the north shore of the Severn River for the purpose of creating the Baltimore & Annapolis Trail and park. The remaining line north of Glen Burnie was shut down in the early 1980s and sold to the State of Maryland in 1991 to serve as the southern leg of the light rail system. In 1986, B&A number 50 was donated to the B&O Railroad Museum.
Rebirth
In 1990, the southern portion of the right-of-way was reborn as the Baltimore & Annapolis Rail Trail. In June 1993, light rail began running on the northern portion between Baltimore and Cromwell station in Glen Burnie.
Baltimore and Annapolis in the Carolinas
On February 9, 1995, the Baltimore and Annapolis Railroad Company, by that time merely an entity on paper, filed to acquire and operate approximately 75.9 miles of rail line from the Mid Atlantic Railroad, which operated track between Mullin's, SC and Whiteville NC, and between Chadbourn, NC and Conway, SC. The filing also noted that the B&A had not owned any rail lines since May 1991, when the state of Maryland took its last right of way through a condemnation proceeding to build a light rail line. This line was operated under the name Carolina Southern Railroad (reporting marks CALA). All public business outside of federal railroad filings were performed under the auspices of the CALA. In June of 2001, the Waccamaw coastline Railroad (WCLR), a new division of the B&A, filed to operate 14.1 miles of railroad owned by Horry County, SC between the current terminus of the CALA in Conway, SC and the city of Myrtle Beach, SC where the line ended. The WCLR had operated under the direct ownership of the county prior to its ownership by the B&A. The right of way continued to be owned by the county and was initially leased to the B&A for a period of 30 years.
The B&A's operation and major ownership of railroad lines in the Carolinas ended on December 18, 2015, with the sale of all but one mile of its CALA rail lines to the R.J. Corman Railroad Group, operating under a new railroad for this line, R. J. Corman Railroad Company/Carolina Lines, LLC (RJCS). The one additional mile that remains under the ownership of the CALA was leased to the RJCS. The company also retained ownership of the Conway, SC depot and other land assets along the right of way. The railroad lines had been out of service since 2011 due to Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) orders to repair bridges along the line, which the company could not afford to perform. Horry County had placed the railroad in default over lack of lease payments during this time period. The B&A has not operated publicly under the name Baltimore and Annapolis Railroad Company during its time owning and operating rail lines in the Carolinas, but does roster one former C&O EMD SW9 in B&A paint (#87), and a former N&W boxcar lettered for the B&A which are still stored in Chadbourn, North Carolina, as of May 2019.
Stations
Baltimore
Carroll (B&O station at Monroe Street)
(Junction with B&O in Westport just south of the crossing of the Western Maryland Railway Tide Subdivision)
Clifford (north of Patapsco Avenue, next to the B&O Curtis Bay Branch)
Baltimore Highlands (between Georgia and Illinois Avenues, across from the Washington, Baltimore and Annapolis Electric Railroad station)
Pumphrey (Baltimore Annapolis Boulevard and Belle Grove Road, where the latter now curves)
Linthicum Heights (Maple Road)
Shipley (Camp Meade Road)
Woodlawn Heights
Garland
Ferndale (earlier Wellham) (Wellham Avenue)
Cromwell (I-97)
Glen Burnie (Crain Highway)
Saunders Range
Oakwood (Oakwood Road)
Marley (Marley Station Mall)
Elvaton (Elvaton Road)
Pasadena (formerly Pleasantena)
Earleigh Heights (Earleigh Heights Road) (formerly Frost)
Robinson (Robinson Road)
Boone Station (later Severna Park)
Round Bay (Round Bay Road)
Jones (Jones Station Road)
Revell (Old County Road)
Joyce (Joyce Lane)
Arnold (Arnold Road)
Asberry (Severn Way)
Winchester (Winchester Road)
Severnside
Wardour (Wardour Drive, where the railway crossed the Severn River)
West Annapolis
Annapolis (at the Bladen Street terminus)
Surviving landmarks
Rights of way
The Hunt Valley-Glen Burnie MTA Light Rail system utilizes several portions of the former B&A railway:
Cromwell Station in Glen Burnie to a point north of Maple Road, where it moves onto the original WB&A right-of-way
Baltimore Highlands to Patapsco Avenue Station
Continues on a "new" B&A right-of-way to Westport, passing under the CSX line on a bridge originally built in 1908 to carry the B&O over the B&A
leaves the B&A at Waterview Avenue.
The Baltimore & Annapolis Trail uses the right-of-way from Glen Burnie to Arnold, just outside Annapolis.
Extant track
The B&A switch remains at Clifford and connects CSXT's Curtis Bay Branch with the Light Rail. Though it exists, this switch is no longer used.
A section of track still exists at the intersection of Baltimore Annapolis Blvd and Jones Station Rd.
A dual section of track still exists under the power lines in an overgrowth area just north of the intersection of Jumpers Hole Road.
Another section of extant track extends from the Annapolis side of the Severn River to Annapolis Street.
Other features
Extant bridge abutments over the Patapsco River downstream from the light rail bridge.
B&A #50 a GE (General Electric) 70 ton diesel locomotive survives at the B&O railroad museum in Baltimore Maryland.
B&A #87 an EMD SW9 survives stored in Chadbourn, NC along with a BLA lettered boxcar #41449.
Buildings
The following stations are still standing:
Earleigh Heights Station: now the Park Ranger Station and B&A Railroad Museum
Linthicum Heights Station
Severna Park Station
The following former stations are currently private residences:
Round Bay Station
Revell Station (at Old County & Baltimore Annapolis Blvd)
Woodlawn Station
References
External links
Baltimore & Annapolis Trail Park
Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Museum
Baltimore Light Rail Relics
History of the B&A Railroad
Photos of the rolling stock
Defunct Maryland railroads
Interurban railways in Maryland
Railway lines opened in 1887
1887 establishments in Maryland
Railway lines closed in 1980
1980 disestablishments in Maryland
A Transatlantic Free Trade Agreement (TAFTA) is a proposal to create a free-trade agreement covering Europe and North America, on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean. Such proposals have been made since the 1990s. Between 2013 and about 2017 an agreement between the United States and the European Union (EU) was under negotiation - the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership - but it was abandoned. If an agreement is reached and ratified on both sides, it could at least in theory be expanded to include the European Free Trade Association (EFTA). Canada and Mexico both have free trade agreements with both the EU and EFTA.
Current and pending trade agreements between proposed members
Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (Canada and Mexico along with Australia, Japan, Singapore, New Zealand, Vietnam) - since 2018: The United Kingdom is also attempting to participate since 2021.
United States–Mexico–Canada Agreement (US, Canada & Mexico) – took effect in 2020
Canada–European Free Trade Association Free Trade Agreement (Canada & EFTA) – took effect in 2009
Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement (Canada & EU) – substantial parts are provisionally applied since September 2017
Free Trade Agreement between Mexico and the European Union (Mexico & EU) – took effect in 2000
Free Trade Agreement between Mexico and the European Free Trade Association (Mexico & EFTA)
European Economic Area (most of EU & EFTA) – took effect in 1994
Various bilateral free trade agreements of Switzerland
EU-US trade
Transatlantic Economic Council
See also
Free trade areas in Europe
List of bilateral free trade agreements
References
External links
EU negotiations site
European Commission, DG Trade - In focus Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP)
USTR Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership
The Transatlantic Colossus: Global Contributions to Broaden the Debate on the EU-US Free Trade Agreement A collaborative publication with over 20 articles on the global implications of the TAFTA | TTIP
Transatlantic
United States–European Union relations
Proposed free trade agreements
Treaties entered into by the European Union
Free-trade areas
Canada–European Union relations
Mexico–European Union relations
Transatlantic relations
St. Mark's Masonic Lodge is a historic Mason's Lodge located at the corner of Queen Street and Grant Street in Baddeck, Nova Scotia. The Lodge was constructed in 1898 to replace a lodge that had been destroyed in a fire.
The lodge was built in the style of a church, with a central square tower on the front gable and a square tower on the rear elevation. The building features elaborate architectural and Masonic details, however many of these have been covered with modern vinyl siding; Masonic symbols are visible on the tower and transom.
The Municipality of the County of Victoria declared the lodge as a municipal heritage property in 2007.
See also
Historic Buildings in Baddeck, Nova Scotia
History of Baddeck
References
Buildings and structures in Victoria County, Nova Scotia
Heritage sites in Nova Scotia
Masonic buildings completed in 1898
Masonic buildings in Canada
John Ormsby Vandeleur (17 April 1767 – 3 November 1822) was an Irish politician. They sat in the Irish House of Commons as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Granard from 1790 to 1798.
References
1767 births
1822 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Longford constituencies
Irish MPs 1790–1797
5th Dragoon Guards officers
Neutral Bay ferry services (numbered F5) is a commuter ferry route in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Part of the Sydney Ferries network, it serves several Lower North Shore suburbs around Neutral Bay.
Services begin on the southern side of Sydney Harbour at Circular Quay, then head northeast to Kirribilli. From there, services proceed in a loop, stopping at North Sydney, Neutral Bay and Kurraba Point. The journey is completed by returning to Kirribilli and Circular Quay. Services operate every half an hour on weekdays and every hour at night and on weekends.
Wharves
Circular Quay
Circular Quay wharf is located at the northern end of the Sydney central business district. The locality of Circular Quay is a major Sydney transport hub, with a large ferry, rail and bus interchange.
Kirribilli
Kirribilli ferry wharf is located near Holbrook Avenue in Kirribilli. It consists of a single wharf.
North Sydney
North Sydney ferry wharf (also known as High Street wharf) is located at the end of High Street, North Sydney and serves the eastern part of the suburb. It consists of a single wharf.
Neutral Bay
Neutral Bay ferry wharf is located at the end of Hayes Street, Neutral Bay. It consists of a single wharf.
The wharf was rebuilt between February and August 2012.
Kurraba Point
Kurraba Point ferry wharf is located near Kurraba Road in Kurraba Point. It consists of a single wharf.
Patronage
The following table shows the patronage of Sydney Ferries network for the year ending 30 June 2022.
References
Ferry transport in Sydney
Barbara Mertens (21 May 1968 – 4 June 2021) was a Belgian journalist and television presenter.
Biography
Mertens earned their license in journalism from the Université libre de Bruxelles and became Editor-in-Chief of the radio network Bel RTL in 2009 and presented the program Bel-RTL Matin weekly alongside Thomas Van Hamme until 2014. They then presented the program with . They also presented television programs with RTL-TVI.
Barbara Mertens died on 4 June 2021 at the age of 53.
References
1968 births
2021 deaths
Belgian women journalists
21st-century Belgian journalists
Belgian television presenters
Université libre de Bruxelles alumni
RTL Group people
People from Uccle
Belgian women television presenters
UOF may refer to
Uniform Office Format
Université de l'Ontario français
Stellar Corpses is a Punk rock band formed in Santa Cruz, California in 2005. The first lineup included singer, guitarist and primary songwriter, Dusty Grave, upright bassist Dan Lamothe, drummer, Matt Macabre and lead guitarist, Mr Grim. Their sound and style combines elements of punk, psychobilly, Horror punk, gothic rock and metal. Since their formation Stellar Corpses have continued to tour both in the US and internationally.
Stellar Corpses is an astronomy term that means "Dead Stars", a double entendre used by the Dusty in their songwriting to also refer to deceased movie and music stars, particularly in the songs Dead Stars Drive-In and Dark Side of the American Dream. On Halloween 2005, Stellar Corpses headlined their first show at the 418 Project in Santa Cruz.
Since their inception they have released records through Hairball 8 Records, FiendForce Records, Chapter 11 Records and Batcave Records.
Their music has also been featured in the television series Road Trip Masters.
Dusty also plays upright bass for BAT!, signed to Cleopatra Records, and occasionally plays lead guitar for Rezurex.
Respect the Dead EP
Stellar Corpses' first EP, Respect The Dead, was independently released in 2007 on their own label, Santa Carla Records, named after "The Lost Boys" (1987) filmed in their hometown, Santa Cruz. The EP was recorded at The Compound Recording Studios in Santa Cruz by Joe Clements (Singer of Fury 66). Stellar Corpses is said to have made an immediate impact in their genre with songs such as “Cemetery Man” and “Leave A Stellar Corpse.”
Welcome to the Nightmare
Following a five-week European tour with Rezurex, Stellar Corpses released their first full-length album in 2009 entitled, "Welcome to the Nightmare" named after an underground psychobilly zine from Santa Cruz. The album was released in 2009 on Santa Carla Records in the US and FiendForce Records in Germany. The album has been called a "deadly delight" and is said to feature more of the band's influences, without losing any of the power and fury of their debut EP as well as "a competent, driven, and ultimately rather enjoyable take on the narrowly defined genre".
Vampire Kiss
On Halloween 2011, Stellar Corpses released the single "Vampire Kiss" which debuted at No. 9 on the alternative radio charts Kiss Kiss Bang Bang and F.M.B.Q. and hosted a music video premiere at The Viper Room in Hollywood. The music video for "Vampire Kiss", directed by Justin Janowitz stars Alycia Paulsen and features cameos by Hunter Burgan of the band AFI and producer Joe McGrath as vampires. The video was filmed on location at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk and at Bethel Encino Church in the city of Encino.
Dead Stars Drive-In
January 2012 saw the release of the band's second full-length album, "Dead Stars Drive-In" produced, engineered and mixed by Joe McGrath who also had a hand in engineering and/or producing albums for Green Day, Blink 182, AFI, Tiger Army and Alkaline Trio. The title track is an homage to the "dead stars" of Hollywood including Elvis Presley, Marilyn Monroe, Bela Lugosi and Maila Nurmi, also known as Vampira. The songs "Vampire Kiss", "Evil Dead" and "Dead Stars Drive-In" feature backing vocals from Hunter Burgan (AFI bassist). "Be Still My Heart" features sound design by Jade Puget (AFI guitarist). “Twisted Fantasy” features guest vocals by Michale Graves (former Misfits singer).
Batcave Records
In late 2016 Stellar Corpses lead singer Dusty Grave co-founded Batcave Records with Rene De La Muerte from the Canadian psychobilly band The Brains. The record label is home for Stellar Corpses and The Brains as well as The Thirsty Crows and more up-and-coming bands in the genre.
Hellbound Heart EP
In 2018 Batcave Records co-produced the five song EP "Hellbound Heart" which featured Jimmy Calabrese of Calabrese on the title track.
Members
Dusty Grave - Guitar & lead vocals
Touring Members
Jack Cash - Guitar
Michael Maniacal - Bass
Todd Bowen - Drums
Former Members
Daniel Lamothe - Upright Bass
Emilio Menze - Guitar
Jacklyn Paulette - Guitar
Kyle Moore - Drums
Matt Macabre - Drums
Mr. Grim - Guitar
Poison - Drums
Randy Moore- Guitar
Skye Vaughan-Jayne - Guitar
Albums
Studio albums
Welcome to the Nightmare (2008)
Dead Stars Drive-In] (2012)
Singles
"Vampire Kiss" (2011)
EPs
Respect The Dead EP (2006)
Hellbound Heart EP (2018)
Compilations
Psycho Ward 2 - "Dr. Plainfield" (2008)
Sonic Seducer Cold Hands Seduction · Vol. 98 - "Teenage Witchcraft" (2009)
Ox-Compilation 85 - "Love Like This" (2009)
The Sound Of Horror Vol. 1 - "My Shadow" (2010)
Psychomania No.7 - "Cemetery Man" (2010)
Psycho Sounds Of The Underground - "Can't Keep A Good Corpse Down" (2011)
HorrorHound Presents: It's Only a Movie - "Power of the Night" (2016)
References
External links
Official Facebook Page
Horror punk groups
American psychobilly musical groups
American punk rock groups
Musicians from Santa Cruz, California
Demons Run Amok Entertainment artists
Xavier "Xavi" Carmona Velasco (born 21 January 1993) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Moralo CP as a right back.
Football career
Born in Santa Coloma de Gramenet, Barcelona, Catalonia, Carmona graduated with Real Madrid's youth ranks, after a spell with fierce rivals FC Barcelona. They made their senior debuts with the C-team in the 2011–12 campaign, in Tercera División.
In August 2012 Carmona was loaned to Madrid neighbours CD Leganés, in Segunda División B. However, after appearing sparingly they joined Real Valladolid B on 15 July 2013.
Carmona played their first match as a professional on 10 September 2014, playing the full 90 minutes in a 3–1 away win over Sporting de Gijón for the season's Copa del Rey. They made their Segunda División debut on 7 June of the following year, starting in a 2–4 home loss against UE Llagostera.
On 19 June 2015 Carmona signed a one-year deal with another reserve team, UD Almería B also in the third division. On 29 January of the following year they moved to fellow league team Cádiz CF, achieving promotion to the second level at the end of the campaign.
On 3 August 2016, Carmona was loaned to Barakaldo CF in a season-long deal. In September, however, their loan was cut short, and they were subsequently released by Cádiz.
Carmona subsequently spent the following two campaigns in the lower leagues, representing CF Montañesa, Unionistas de Salamanca CF and UD Los Barrios before moving abroad and joining Gibraltar United FC in August 2018.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
People from Santa Coloma de Gramenet
Sportspeople from the Province of Barcelona
Spanish footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Footballers from Catalonia
Association football defenders
Segunda División players
Segunda División B players
Tercera División players
Real Madrid C footballers
CD Leganés players
Real Valladolid Promesas players
Real Valladolid players
UD Almería B players
Cádiz CF players
Barakaldo CF footballers
CF Montañesa players
Unionistas de Salamanca CF players
Gibraltar United F.C. players
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Gibraltar
Expatriate footballers in Gibraltar
The Battle of Amgala may refer to:
First Battle of Amgala (1976)
Battle of Amgala (1989)
The Ian Woodner Family Collection is a foundation that Ian Woodner established before their death in 1990. Woodner's two daughters, Dian and Andrea, oversee the Collection.
Ian Woodner, a real estate developer, was one of the greatest art collectors in the United States. Besides an extraordinary group of drawings, some of which were acquired by the National Gallery of Art in Washington in 1991, they amassed a large group of Cycladic works of art. They had a passion for paintings, drawings and prints by the 19th-century French artist Odilon Redon and put together the largest group of Redons in the world. In June 2000, the foundation gave the Museum of Modern Art nearly 100 paintings, pastels, watercolors, drawings, prints and illustrated books by Odilon Redon.
References
Arts organizations based in New York City
Private collections in the United States
The apple blotch leafminer (Phyllonorycter crataegella) is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Canada (Nova Scotia, Québec, Ontario and New Brunswick) the United States (Kentucky, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin, California, Maine, Vermont, Oregon, Arkansas, Connecticut and Illinois).
The wingspan is 5.5–6 mm.
The larvae feed on Amelanchier species (including Amelanchier canadensis), Aronia species, Crataegus species (including Crataegus mollis), Cydonia species (including Cydonia japonica and Cydonia oblonga), Malus species (including Malus coronaria, Malus domestica, Malus malus, Malus pumila, Malus sieboldii and Malus sylvestris), Photinia species, Prunus species (including Prunus americana, Prunus avium, Prunus domestica, Prunus pennsylvanica, Prunus persica, Prunus serotina and Prunus virginiana), Pyrus species (including Pyrus communis and Pyrus coronaria) and Sorbus species (including Sorbus americana and Sorbus aucuparia). They mine the leaves of their host plant. The mine has the form of a tentiform mine on the underside of the leaf.
References
crataegella
Moths of North America
Moths described in 1859
The Williston Basin is a large intracratonic sedimentary basin in eastern Montana, western North Dakota, South Dakota, southern Saskatchewan, and south-western Manitoba that is known for its rich deposits of petroleum and potash. The basin is a geologic structural basin but not a topographic depression; it is transected by the Missouri River. The oval-shaped depression extends approximately north-south and east-west.
The Williston Basin lies above an ancient Precambrian geologic basement feature, the Trans-Hudson Orogenic Belt that developed in this area about 1.8-1.9 billion years ago, and that created a weak zone that later led to sagging to produce the basin. The Precambrian basement rocks in the center of the basin beneath the city of Williston, North Dakota lie about below the surface.
Deposition of sediments began in the Williston area during Cambrian time, but subsidence and basin filling were most intense during the Ordovician, Silurian, and Devonian Periods, when thick accumulations of limestone and dolomite, with lesser thicknesses of sandstones, siltsones, shales, and evaporites were laid down. Subsidence continued on a reduced scale into the Mississippian and was largely ended by Pennsylvanian time. Regional subsidence returned during the Mesozoic Era, although total sediment thicknesses were much less than during the Paleozoic. Near the end of the Cretaceous, tectonic activity during the Laramide Orogeny rejuvenated several basement structures in the Williston Basin to produce anticlines that serve as oil traps today.
Natural resources
Petroleum
The long history of sedimentary deposition in the Williston Basin included deposition of rocks well suited to serve as hydrocarbon source and reservoir rocks. The basin's oil and gas fields are found in a wide range of geologic ages, as indicated by the generalized stratigraphic column.
In 1913, shallow gas was discovered in an Upper Cretaceous sandstone on the Cedar Creek Anticline, and oil was discovered on the same anticline in 1936. The basin did not become a major oil province until the 1950s when large fields were discovered in North Dakota. Amerada Corporation began the search in 1946. After four years of testing and mapping they started drilling at a promising lease 30 miles north-east of Williston, North Dakota, and on April 4, 1951, discovered oil on the Nesson Anticline, with the Amerada Hess Corporation Clarence Iverson #1 well. Other oil firms rushed in to buy up leases on farm land to explore for oil and by 1954 80% of the possible oil producing areas were under lease. Shell at that time had leases over 8 million acres. Many local farmers and area speculators became instant millionaires, leasing land at an average of $25 an acre and then selling those leases back at a much higher cost per acre. Production peaked in 1986, but in the early 2000s significant increases in production began because of application of horizontal drilling techniques, especially in the Bakken Formation.
Cumulative basin production totals about of oil and of natural gas. The largest oil fields are listed in the following table, showing estimated ultimate recoveries.
Potash
Potash produced from the Williston Basin makes Canada the world's leading producer of that commodity. The deposits occur in the Middle Devonian Prairie Formation. Major potash-producing companies include Nutrien and Mosaic.
Coal
The Williston Basin holds large coal deposits, primarily in the Fort Union Formation of mostly Paleogene age, and were first noted during the Lewis and Clark Expedition. Mining of the coal began in 1873 near Sims, North Dakota, but was soon abandoned. The Northern Pacific Railway took over the mine and developed the lignite beds as the Northern Pacific Coal Company. Other mines followed near Minot, North Dakota and Dickinson, North Dakota, and the period from 1900 to 1920 saw a large-scale increase in the lignite industry. Strip-mining was common from 1920 until 1940, and 320 mines were in operation by 1940. However, production peaked in 1951, and by 1965, only 38 mines were in operation, while by 1999, only 4.
Helium
In 1952, helium concentrations were discovered in southwestern Saskatchewan. Production from four wells took place from 1963 to 1977, and resumed again in 2014. The Deadwood Formation, and other Lower Paleozoic formations, had the highest concentration. The helium originated through natural radioactive decay of uranium and thorium in Precambrian granitic basement rocks, or Lower Paleozoic shales.
Geology
The Upper Cambrian Deadwood Formation was transgressively deposited on the low-relief Precambrian surface. The Deadwood is characterized by shallow marine and coastal plain sediments, with abundant glauconite giving the formation a distinctive green color. The basin started subsiding due to strike-slip movement along northeast–southwest trending faults, resulting in the deposition of the Winnipeg Group, which lies unconformably on the Deadwood. The Winnipeg consists of shallow marine sandstone, shale and shaly carbonate. The Red River Formation lies unconformably on the Winnipeg, and consists of shallow marine carbonate, anhydrite, and salt sedimentation. Conformably overlying the Red River is the Ordovician Stony Mountain Formation and Stonewall Formation, followed by the Silurian Interlake Group. During the Devonian, the Williston Basin became the southeastern corner of the Elk Point Basin when the Elk Point Group, Manitoba Group, and Saskatchewan Group were deposited. The Bakken Formation, an organic-rich marine shale, was deposited in the Late Devonian. The Lodgepole Limestone was deposited during the Mississippian, followed by the Madison Group and the Big Snowy Group. The Tyler Formation was deposited in the Pennsylvanian, and consists of interbedded sandstone, siltstone, shale, and limestone. The overlying Minnelusa Formation is characterized by deposition in alluvial plains, prograding river delta, and barrier island environments. The Minnekahta Formation was deposited during the Permian, followed by the Spearfish Formation and the Nesson Formation. The Pierre Shale was deposited curing the Cretaceous, followed by the Hell Creek Formation, and the Tertiary Fort Union Formation.
Impact craters
Several confirmed impact craters are located in Williston Basin such as Viewfield, Red Wing Creek, and Eagle Butte while the Dumas and Hartney craters are still unconfirmed.
See also
List of possible impact structures on Earth
References
External links
Discovery of oil in the Williston Basin
Sedimentary basins of North America
Structural basins of Canada
Structural basins of the United States
Geology of Montana
Geology of North Dakota
Geology of Saskatchewan
Geologic provinces of the United States
Sanjo Station may refer to the following railway stations in Japan:
Sanjō Station (Niigata) (三条駅) - JR East Shin'etsu Line in Sanjo, Niigata Prefecture
Sanjō Station (Kyoto) (三条駅) - Keihan Railway in Higashiyama-ku, Kyoto, Kyoto Prefecture
Sanjō-Keihan Station (三条京阪駅) - Kyoto Subway Tozai Line in Higashiyama-ku, Kyoto, Kyoto Prefecture
Nishioji-Sanjo Station (西大路三条駅) - Keifuku Railroad Arashiyama Line in Ukyo-ku, Kyoto, Kyoto Prefecture
Sanjō Station (Kagawa) (三条駅) - Takamatsu Kotohira Railroad Kotohira Line in Takamatsu, Kagawa Prefecture
Sanjō Station (Tokyo) (山上駅) - Takao Mountain Railroad
Sanjō Station (Fukuoka) (山上駅) - Sarakurayama Cable Car in Yahatahigashi-ku, Kitakyushu, FUkuoka Prefecture
See also
Sanjō (disambiguation)
Lectures from Colombo to Almora (1897) is a book of Swami Vivekananda based on the lectures they delivered in Sri Lanka and India after their return from the West. Vivekananda reached Colombo, British Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) on 15 January 1897. After delivering lectures in Colombo and Jaffna, Vivekananda arrived at Pamban in South India. A forty-feet high monument was built by the king of Ramnad, Bhaskara Sethupathi, on the spot where they landed to celebrate their achievements at the West. Vivekananda travelled extensively and visited many Indian states delivering lectures on a variety of topics. On 19 June 1897, they reached Almora. The lectures delivered by them in this period were compiled into the book Lectures from Colombo to Almora.
Background
In 1893 Swami Vivekananda went to the United States to join the Parliament of the World's Religions where they had an overwhelming success and public attention. For next four years, from 1893 to 1897, they travelled through various cities of the United States and England, and gave a series of lectures on religion and Vedanta. They returned to India in 1897 via Colombo.
Vivekananda reached Colombo on 15 January 1897 where they were given a warm welcome. Vivekananda mentioned this welcome in a letter written to Mary Hale on 30 January 1897:
Things are turning out most curiously for me. From Colombo in Ceylon, where I landed, to Ramnad, the nearly southernmost point of the Indian continent where I am just now as the guest of the Raja of Ramnad, my journey has been a huge procession — crowds of people, illuminations, addresses, etc., etc. A monument forty feet high is being built on the spot where I landed. The Raja of Ramnad has presented their address to "His most Holiness" in a huge casket of solid gold beautifully worked. Madras and Calcutta are on the tiptoe of expectation as if the whole nation is rising to honour me. So you see, Mary, I am on the very height of my destiny, yet the mind turns to quietness and peace, to the days we had in Chicago, of rest, of peace, and love; and that is why I write just now, and may this find you all in health and peace!
On 16 January 1897 they gave a lecture titled "India, The Sacred Land." After staying at Colombo for four days they reached Calcutta on 20 January via Madras. Between 1897 and 1899 Vivekananda travelled extensively and visited the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Kashmir.
On 6 May 1897 Vivekananda started their journey to Almora and on 19 June they reached there. The lectures they delivered in different places during this period were compiled into the book Lectures from Colombo to Almora.
Lecture locations
Lectures at the following locations are included in the book:
Colombo 16 Jan 1897
Jaffna 24 Jan 1897
Pamben 26 Jan 1897
Ramesvarem 27 Jan 1897
Ramnad 29 Jan 1897
Paramakudi 1 Feb 1897
Manamadura 1 Feb 1897
Madura 2 Feb 1987
Kumbhakonam 3 Feb 1897
Madras 7,9,11,12,13,14 Feb 1897
Calcutta 28 Feb and 4 Mar 1897
Almora 11 May and 27 July 1897
Publication
The book was first published by The Vyjayanti Press, Egmore, Madras in 1897 under the title From Colombo to Almora. The introductory note of the book was written by Henrietta Muller, a friend and disciple of Vivekananda. Subsequent editions included lectures by Swami Vivekananda at Sialkot, Lahore, Khetri and Dhaka.
Inspiration
These lectures have been the subject of scholarly studies and source of inspiration for many people. The Sri Lankan sage Yogaswami was deeply influenced by the lectures given by Vivekananda at Colombo. Vivekananda's opening words "The time is short, and the subject is vast" had deep impact on the young Yogaswami.
References
Explanatory notes
Citations
Works cited
1897 non-fiction books
Indian non-fiction books
Works by Swami Vivekananda
19th-century Indian books
Classic yoga books
Books of lectures
NBS Sport is a Ugandan sports television network based in Kampala, Uganda.
Location
Its headquarter is located at Next Media Park, Plot 13, summit view Road, Kampala, Uganda.
Overview
The channel was launched on 8th June 2022 and it started broadcasting on that same day.
The station is known for its focus on sports 24/7, with covering live sports events in Uganda like the national Basketball League, Pool Table competitions, Uganda Boxing Champions League among others.
References
Television stations in Uganda
English-language television stations
Television channels and stations established in 2022
Hardi was a 64-gun ship of the line of the French Navy.
Career
Built from 1748, Hardi was activated during the Seven Years' War, departing Rochefort in March 1757 with Jacinthe, bound for Martinique where they arrived on 13 May 1757. Incorporated into Admiral du Chaffault's squadron, they took part in the Siege of Louisbourg and in the action of 27 October 1758 off Ushant.
In 1778, Hardi was reactivated for the American Revolutionary War; they departed Toulon on 16 July, under Le Roy de La Grange, to rejoin the squadron under Louis de Fabry. On 20 June 1780, they departed Toulon to join with the squadron under Rear-Admiral de Beausset and take part in the Great Siege of Gibraltar. The next year, on 24 April 1781, they departed Brest with the squadron under La Motte-Picquet and took part in the action of 2 May 1782, in which the French captured 18 British merchantmen bound for St. Eustatius, worth around 5 million pounds.
In early 1782, Hardi transferred to the Indian Ocean to reinforce Suffren's squadron in the Indian Ocean. There, they took part in the Cuddalore on 20 June 1783.
From 1786, Hardi was hulked in Toulon and used as a prison ship.
Notes, citations, and references
Notes
Citations
References
Ships of the line of the French Navy
1750 ships
Inhibin beta C chain is a protein that in humans is encoded by the INHBC gene.
This gene encodes the beta C chain of inhibin, a member of the TGF-beta superfamily. This subunit forms heterodimers with beta A and beta B subunits. Inhibins and activins, also members of the TGF-beta superfamily, are hormones with opposing actions and are involved in hypothalamic, pituitary, and gonadal hormone secretion, as well as growth and differentiation of various cell types.
References
Further reading
During the 2005–06 season, the Italian football club :Parma F.C. was placed 7th in the :Serie A. The team reached the fourth round of the :Coppa Italia.
Competitions
Serie A
League table
Results
Coppa Italia
Parma lost 1-0 on aggregate.
Squad statistics
Top scorers
Notes
Sources
RSSSF - Italy 2005/06
Parma Calcio 1913 seasons
Parma
The 1957 Los Angeles State Diablos football team represented Los Angeles State College—now known as California State University, Los Angeles—as a member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA) during the 1957 NCAA College Division football season. Led by seventh-year head coach Leonard Adams, Los Angeles State compiled an overall record of 5–4 with a mark of 1–1 in conference play, tying for third place in the CCAA. The Diablos played four home games at four separate sites: Snyder Stadium in Los Angeles, East Los Angeles College Stadium in Monterey Park, California, Reseda High School in Reseda, Los Angeles, and the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California.
Schedule
Team players in the NFL
The following Los Angeles State players were selected in the 1958 NFL Draft.
References
Los Angeles State
Cal State Los Angeles Diablos football seasons
Los Angeles State Diablos football
Bressingham Steam & Gardens is a steam museum and gardens located at Bressingham (adjacent to a garden centre), west of Diss in Norfolk, England. The site has several narrow gauge rail lines and a number of types of steam engines and vehicles in its collection and is also the home of a Dad's Army exhibition.
The gardens
The gardens were established by Alan Bloom MBE at Bressingham Hall. They moved to Bressingham in 1946, after selling their previous site at Oakington in Cambridgeshire to raise the capital for the in Norfolk, where they hoped to be both a farmer and a nurseryman. They were a plant expert of international renown, particularly in the field of hardy perennials. They laid out the Dell Garden at Bressingham, with its well-known island beds. Their son, Adrian Bloom, laid out five additional gardens for year-round interest, starting with Foggy Bottom in 1963.  They are still largely in charge of the Bressingham Gardens, which are not part of the charity but are privately owned by the Bloom family business. The Dell Garden is curated by Alan Bloom's son-in-law, Jaime Blake.
Much of the site is given over to commercial horticulture. The nurseries are not open to the public, but there is a garden centre on the site, which is independent from the Steam Museum and the Bloom Nurseries and Gardens. Bressingham Steam Museum is an independent charitable trust. Alan Bloom had wanted to create their own trust in 1967, to ensure that the collection would not be dispersed to pay for death duties, but the laws of the time made this difficult and after five years of negotiation, the museum was close to being handed over to the Transport Trust. However, the legislation governing private museums was relaxed just before the proposed handover in 1971. Consequently, Bloom was able to create their own trust and thus retain control of it, because the collection was of historical and educational importance.
The Gallopers
The three-abreast Gallopers, purchased by Alan Bloom in 1967, are the centrepiece of the site. They were built by Frederick Savage in Kings Lynn in 1897 and were owned and operated by the Thurston family of Norfolk until 1934. The Gallopers later operated at Whitley Bay and later in Scotland before finding a home at Bressingham. They are currently powered by electricity, but were previously steam-powered. The engine used, "Victoria", was originally built by Tidmans of Norwich. The organ – a Bruder-built, 48 keyless Chiappa – which was built from two organs in 1954, accompanies the Gallopers.
The narrow gauge lines
There are three railway lines which take visitors around the gardens:
The Garden Railway
This gauge miniature railway runs through the Dell Garden, giving passengers clear views of the beds. The journey begins in a terminus station within the museum grounds before heading into the Dell Garden. At the far end of the garden, the train is turned in a balloon loop, before returning to the station. A turntable is located at the end of the platform road to facilitate the turning of the locomotive with minimal movements required. The points located at the balloon loop and the entrance to the platform road are spring operated so there is no requirement for a signalman. The coloured light aspect signal protecting the platform is interlocked with the lie of the points being set for the platform road and the turntable also being set to the platform road. The railway's passenger trains are operated by steam locomotive Alan Bloom, which was constructed along with the railway in 1995. The design of Alan Bloom was inspired by the design of Large Quarry Hunslet George Sholto, which operates on Bressingham's Fen Railway.
The Fen Railway
The Fen Railway (formerly the Nursery Railway)n is a narrow gauge railway. It was the second railway to be completed at Bressingham, first opening in 1966. The railway is long and crosses the Waveney Valley Railway, running parallel to it for a short distance. It also runs through meadows and passes the now-defunct plant nurseries. The Railway was extended twice following initial completion to become the length it is today.
Locomotives:
The Waveney Valley Railway
gauge miniature railway. The line was first opened in 1973 and is in length. It crosses the Fen Railway and also runs parallel to the line for a time.
Locomotives:
During 2013, a circular track of dual gauge and gauge was under construction.
Once completed, there will be a total of seven different gauges at Bressingham.
Standard gauge steam locomotives
NSB NSB Class 21c No. 377 King Haakon VII. Built in 1919. Last overhauled in 2006. Stored awaiting overhaul.
LB&SCR A1 Class No. 662 Martello. Built in 1875. Operational, boiler ticket expires in 2026. Painted in SR Lined Green.
GER Class T26 No. 490. Built in 1894. On static display, on loan from the National Railway Museum.
LT&SR 79 Class No. 80 Thundersley. Built in 1909. On static display, on loan from the National Railway Museum.
GER Class S56 No. 87. Built in 1904. On static display, on loan from the National Railway Museum.
LSWR B4 class No 102 Granville. Built in 1893. On static display.
Beckton Gas Works No. 25. Built in 1896. On static display.
Baddesley Colliery Beyer-Garratt No. 6841 William Francis. Built in 1937. On static display. This is the last surviving standard gauge Garratt in Britain.
DB/NSR Class 52 No. 5865 Peer Gynt. Built in 1944. Found in a caved-in tunnel and restored, now on static display.
Andrew Barclay No. 1472 Bluebottle. Built in 1916. Stored out of use.
Robert Stephenson & Hawthorns No. 7070 Millfield. Built in 1942. Stored out of use.
Broad gauge steam locomotives
VR Class Tk3 No. 1144. Plinthed.
Steam vehicles
A variety of steam vehicles are in the collection.
Steam Engines Portable and others
Burrell No. 2363 of 1901 Portable. Operational.
Youngs Portable of 1910. Manufactured locally in Diss. On display.
Tidman Centre Engine (fairground) No. 1891 Victoria. Usually resides in the centre section of Gallopers. Withdrawn 2015 pending replacement of Boiler Barrel - Expected to re-enter service late 2019
Merryweather Fire Engine no. 3702.
Merryweather Fire Pump of 1914.
Steam Rollers
Burrell No. 3962 Boxer of 1923 reg no. PW 1714. On display.
Burrell No. 3993 Buster of 1924 reg no. CF 5646. Operational.
Robey (company) 4 ton Tandem Steam Roller No. 42520 Barkis built in 1925 reg No. FE 7632. On display.
Steam Tractors / Traction
Garrett 5 ton Steam Tractor No. 34641 Bunty, built in 1924 reg no. CF 5913. Operational.
Burrell Traction engine No. 3112 Bertha of 1909 reg no. CF 3440. On display.
Foster Traction engine No. 2821 Beryl of 1903 reg. no. BE 7448. On display.
Fowler Traction engine No. 6188 Beulah of 1890 reg no. MA 8528. On display.
Gallery
Dad's Army Collection
The museum is the home of the national Dad's Army collection of vintage vehicles. These are located on a reconstruction of the High Street in the fictional Walmington-on-Sea beside the butcher's shop of Lance-Corporal Jones, Private Frazer's undertaker's shop and Captain Mainwaring's bank office.
The vehicles include Jones' van and the dust cart from the 1971 film, Mainwaring's Austin 8 staff car used in the episode The Making of Private Pike, the vintage fire engine used in Brain Versus Brawn and the steamroller 'Boxer' and traction engine 'Bertha' which appeared in other episodes.
See also
Index of steam energy articles
References
External links
Official website
The Bressingham Gardens website
Heritage railways in Norfolk
Miniature railways in the United Kingdom
Railway museums in England
Museums in Norfolk
Steam museums in England
Gardens in Norfolk
15 in gauge railways in England
2 ft gauge railways in England
10¼ in gauge railways in England
In molecular biology, the amylin protein family or calcitonin/CGRP/IAPP protein family is a family of proteins, which includes the precursors of calcitonin/calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP), islet amyloid polypeptide (IAPP) and adrenomedullin.
Calcitonin is a 32 amino acid polypeptide hormone that causes a rapid but short-lived drop in the level of calcium and phosphate in the blood, by promoting the incorporation of these ions in the bones, alpha type. Alternative splicing of the gene coding for calcitonin produces a distantly related peptide of 37 amino acids, called calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP), beta type. CGRP induces vasodilatation in a variety of vessels, including the coronary, cerebral and systemic vasculature. Its abundance in the CNS also points toward a neurotransmitter or neuromodulator role.
Islet amyloid polypeptide (IAPP) (also known as diabetes-associated peptide (DAP), or amylin) is a peptide of 37 amino acids that selectively inhibits insulin-stimulated glucose utilization and glycogen deposition in muscle, while not affecting adipocyte glucose metabolism. Structurally, IAPP is closely related to CGRP.
Two conserved cysteines in the N-terminal of these peptides are known to be involved in a disulfide bond. The C-terminal amino acid of all three peptides is amidated.
xCxxxxxCxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx-NH(2)
| | Amide group
+-----+
Subfamilies
Calcitonin, alpha type
Calcitonin, beta type
Human proteins containing this domain
CALCA; CALCB; IAPP
References
Protein families
Peptide hormones
The 1927 Dayton Triangles season was their eighth in the league. The team failed to improve on their previous output of 1–4–1, losing six games. They finished tenth in the league.
On September 24, the Triangles defeated the Frankford Yellow Jackets in Philadelphia, which would be their final NFL win, despite playing two more seasons in the league. The following week, the New York Yankees came to Triangle Park and won, 6-3, in the last NFL game the Triangles would ever play in Dayton. (Seven years later, the Cincinnati Reds moved their first home game of the 1934 season to Triangle Park, losing to the Chicago Cardinals, 9-0; this would prove to be the final NFL game in Dayton.)
Schedule
Standings
References
Dayton Triangles seasons
Dayton Triangles
Dayton Tri
McGrory is a surname. It is derived from the Irish and Scottish Gaelic surname Mac Ruaidhrí.
People with the surname
Amanda McGrory (born 1986), American wheelchair racer
Bob McGrory (1891–1954), Scottish footballer
Frank McGrory (born 1933), American lawyer
Jackie McGrory (1941–2004), Scottish footballer
Jimmy McGrory (1904–1982), Scottish footballer and manager
John McGrory, Scottish footballer
Johnny McGrory (1915–1998), Scottish boxer of the 1930s and '40s
Mary McGrory (1918–2004), American journalist and columnist
Matthew McGrory (1973–2005), American actor
Scott McGrory (born 1969), Australian cyclist
Shaun McGrory (born 1968), English footballer
Citations
References
Anglicised Irish-language surnames
Anglicised Scottish Gaelic-language surnames
Patronymic surnames
Kevin Byers (born 23 August 1979) is a Scottish footballer, who played in the Scottish Football League for Raith Rovers, Inverness Caledonian Thistle, Montrose, Forfar Athletic and Brechin City.  They are currently the manager of Kennoway Star Hearts in the SJFA East Superleague.
External links
References
1979 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Scottish footballers
Raith Rovers F.C. players
Inverness Caledonian Thistle F.C. players
Montrose F.C. players
Forfar Athletic F.C. players
Brechin City F.C. players
Ballingry Rovers F.C. players
Kennoway Star Hearts J.F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Scottish football managers
Footballers from Kirkcaldy
Iso Lero, known as Džamba, was a Yugoslavian gangster based in Belgrade, Serbia. They were called "the Don of Dorćol".
They disappeared on 23 September 1992, after having received a beating from several members of the Arkan's Tigers paramilitary, near the Beograđanka building.
Early life
Džamba was born in an ethnic Romani family in 1953. They grew up on Dobračina Street in the Belgrade neighborhood of Dorćol where their family shared a yard with Džamba's maternal cousin, singer Džej Ramadanovski.
Career in crime
They began their criminal career in their youth. They were jailed at the Central Prison in 1976 for purse snatching and fighting at a bus station in Belgrade. While in prison, Džamba memorized the Criminal Code and offered legal advice to other inmates. In prison, they were often and badly beaten up by the Central Prison guards due to their rebellious nature. They were often violent towards rapists and homosexuals.
During the 1970s and 1980s, he, as many Yugoslav criminals, committed crimes in Italy, Germany and France, but not in Yugoslavia. At first in conflict with Đorđe Božović "Giška", they became friends while imprisoned in Italy. They were a close associate of Aleksandar "Knele" Knežević, underboss in the Voždovac gang.
Džamba owned a detective firm called "Karmen". On several occasions, they led goon squads engaged in breaking up labor strikes in several firms.
Disappearance
They disappeared on 23 September 1992, aged 39, after being beaten up by casino security headed by Vukašin "Vule" Gojak, a member of the Arkan's Tigers paramilitary. Gojak was guarding the casino on the 6th floor of the Beograđanka building. According to Gojak, Džamba tried to enter the casino drunk and without a ticket, and brandished a firearm at one of the guards when they were denied access. Gojak claims to not know of their whereabouts after casino security had them removed from the building.
According to Džamba's wife Snežana Lero, a group of Arkan's Tigers and Delije beat Džamba unconscious before driving them off to their camp in Erdut and burying their body there. Campaigning for the 1993 election, politician Vojislav Šešelj claimed Arkan had planned the murder, and that they were in contact with an eyewitness. Allegedly, Arkan and Džamba had a falling out in March 1992 when Džamba accidentally shot a framed picture of Arkan in the restaurant Zona Zamfirova.
According to the Foreign Broadcast Information Service, Džamba belonged to a string of murdered criminals from Serbia who all had one thing in common, namely a lack of "good backing" in the police.
The man accused of their murder, Vukašin Gojak, was shot by a sniper in 1997.
Songwriting
In an interview given to Politika, Džamba's cousin Džej Ramadanovski stated that Džamba wrote the lyrics of two songs they later recorded and published. One was "Teško je živeti" from album "Zar ja da ti brišem suze" and the other was "Žuta ruža/To je žena mojih snova" published on their album "1,2".
See also
List of people who disappeared
References
Sources
1953 births
1990s missing person cases
1992 deaths
Gangsters from Belgrade
Male murder victims
Missing gangsters
Missing person cases in Yugoslavia
Murdered Serbian gangsters
People murdered in Serbia
Romani criminals
Serbian Romani people
Yugoslav Romani people
The 1974-75 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Béziers beating Brive in the final.
Formula
For the last time the "elite" were formed of 64 clubs (will be reduced to 40) . The clubs were divided in 8 pools and the first four of each pool were qualified for knockout stages.
The last three of each pool (24 clubs) will be relegated in the future "Grouo B"
The knockout stages, will be played with single match rounds.
Qualification round
The clubs classified in the four first places of each pool (24 clubs on 32) were qualified for the knockout stages.
The team are here listed in ranking order, in bold, the team qualified.
Knockout stages
"Last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
"Last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale de 1975 lnr.fr
1975
France 1975
Championship
Synema may refer to:
Synema, a botanical genus name that is considered synonymous to Mercurialis
Synema (spider), a genus in Thomisidae
See also
Sinema (disambiguation)
The 1988–89 SM-liiga season was the 14th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 12 teams participated in the league, and TPS Turku won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
JyP HT - HIFK 2:0 (4:3, 3:2)
Tappara - KalPa 2:0 (6:0, 7:6)
Semifinals
TPS - Tappara 3:2 (1:3, 4:5, 3:1, 5:2, 7:3)
Ilves - JyP HT 1:3 (4:5 P, 2:4, 7:4, 1:3)
3rd place
Ilves - Tappara 10:3
Final
TPS - JyP HT 4:1 (5:0, 2:4, 3:1, 7:1, 4:1)
Relegation
JoKP Joensuu - Ässät Pori 3:2 (5:4 OT, 4:5, 5:1, 3:5, 5:3)
Kärpät Oulu - Jokerit Helsinki 2:3 (7:3, 3:7, 8:4, 2:3, 2:5)
External links
SM-liiga official website
1988–89 in Finnish ice hockey
Fin
Liiga seasons
Military monuments and memorials
Triumphal Arch
Tomb of the Unknown Soldier
Monuments and memorials to childhood
Children Are the Victims of Adult Vices
Monuments and memorials to labor
Worker and Kolkhoz Woman
Monuments and memorials to peace
We demand peace!
Monuments and memorials to people
Discoverers
Cosmonauts Alley
Monument to Yuri Gagarin
Militaries
Monument to Fyodor Tolbukhin
Musicians
Monument to Sergei Rachmaninov
Politicians
Alley of the rulers of Russia
Monument to Yuriy Dolgorukiy
Monument to Vladimir the Great
Monument to Robespierre (destroyed)
Monument to Minin and Pozharsky
Monument to Peter the Great
Monument to Alexander II
Monument to Lenin (Kaluga Square)
Monument to Ho Chi Minh
Philosophers
Monument to Friedrich Engels
Writers
Monuments to Herzen and Ogaryov
Monument to Leo Tolstoy (Prechistenka Street)
Monuments and memorials to science
Monument to the Conquerors of Space
Monuments and memorials to victims of political repressions
Solovetsky Stone
Wall of Grief
Monuments and memorials
Moscow
Moscow
Anadasmus vacans is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is 38–40 mm. The forewings are light greyish-ochreous, usually with irregularly scattered black specks. The plical and second discal stigmata are minute and blackish, sometimes with a curved subterminal series of minute blackish dots. There is a terminal series of minute blackish dots. The hindwings are dark grey, with the apex more or less tinged with pale ochreous.
References
Moths described in 1916
Anadasmus
Moths of South America
Andre Emmett (August 27, 1982 – September 23, 2019) was an American professional basketball player. They played college basketball for the Texas Tech Red Raiders, and was named a consensus All-American as a senior in 2004. They had brief stints in the National Basketball Association (NBA) with the Memphis Grizzlies and the New Jersey Nets after being selected in the second round of the 2004 NBA draft. Emmett was shot to death on September 23, 2019 in Dallas.
College career
Emmett played college basketball for 4 years for Bob Knight at Texas Tech University.  They are currently the Red Raiders' 2nd all-time leading scorer and the 4th all-time leading scorer in the Big 12 behind Buddy Hield, LaceDarius Dunn, and fellow Red Raider Jarrius Jackson with 2,256 points. During their first-year student year and playing for Coach James Dickey, Emmett earned their way into the starting lineup averaging 7.7 points and 3.6 rebounds per game. When Bob Knight arrived at Texas Tech in 2001, Emmett saw their scoring average improve to 18.7 which was good enough for 3rd in the conference behind Drew Gooden and Kareem Rush and 1st team All-Big 12 honors. Their junior and senior year, Emmett proved to be one of the best scorers in college basketball averaging 21.8 and 20.6 points per game, respectively. They also earned Unanimous 1st team All-Big 12 honors their junior and senior year and consensus All-American honors their senior year. Emmett capped off their college career by winning the 2004 NCAA Slam Dunk Contest.
Professional career
2004–05 season
Emmett was selected by the Seattle SuperSonics with the 35th overall pick in the 2004 NBA draft. They were later traded to the Memphis Grizzlies in a draft night trade. They joined the Grizzlies for 2004 NBA Summer League. On July 7, 2004, they signed their first professional contract with the Grizzlies. In the 2004–05 season, they played a total of 8 games for the Grizzlies.
2005–06 season
Emmett re-joined the Grizzlies for the 2005 NBA Summer League. On August 3, 2005, Emmett was traded to the Miami Heat in a five-team trade involving the Memphis Grizzlies, Miami Heat, Boston Celtics, Utah Jazz, and New Orleans Hornets. On October 31, 2005, they were waived by the Heat. In November 2005, they were acquired by the Austin Toros of the NBA D-League.
2006–07 season
In July 2006, Emmett joined the Dallas Mavericks for the Las Vegas Summer League and the Seattle SuperSonics for the Rocky Mountain Revue. Later that year, they signed with a Lithuanian club BC Lietuvos rytas for the 2006–07 season. In December 2006, they left Lietuvos rytas. On January 19, 2007, they were acquired by the Los Angeles D-Fenders.
2007–08 season
Emmett joined the Houston Rockets for the 2007 NBA Summer League. In December 2007, they signed with the Liège Basket of Belgium for the rest of the 2007–08 season, subsequently finishing the best scorer (23.9 ppg) of the Belgian championship.
2008–09 season
Emmett joined the Indiana Pacers for the 2008 NBA Summer League. On September 29, 2008, they signed with the Philadelphia 76ers. However, they were waived by the 76ers on October 6. Later that month, they joined Élan Béarnais Pau-Orthez of France for the 2008–09 season. In January 2009, they left Pau-Orthez after playing in only 5 games. They later joined Marinos de Anzoátegui for the 2009 LPB season.
2009–10 season
In November 2009, they signed with the Shandong Lions of China for the 2009–10 season. In March 2010, they scored a (then) CBA-record 71 points in a game against the Jiangsu Dragons. Following the CBA season, they joined Mets de Guaynabo for the rest of the 2010 BSN season.
2010–11 season
In December 2010, they signed with Fujian Xunxing of China for the rest of the 2010–11 season. On March 25, 2011, they were acquired by the Reno Bighorns.
2011–12 season
On December 15, 2011, they were re-acquired by the Bighorns. On February 14, 2012, they signed a 10-day contract with the New Jersey Nets. On February 24, 2012, they returned to the Bighorns. In April 2012, they signed with Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut of Lebanon for the 2012 FLB League playoffs.
2012–13 season
Emmett joined the NBA D-League Select Team for the 2012 NBA Summer League. On October 1, 2012, they signed with the Chicago Bulls. However, they were waived by the Bulls on October 15.
In December 2012, Emmett signed with Amchit Club of Lebanon for the rest of the 2012–13 season. Following the FLB League season, they joined Cocodrilos de Caracas for the 2013 LPB season, but left after 5 games.
2013–14 season
In January 2014, Emmett joined Cocodrilos de Caracas for the 2014 FIBA Americas League. In April 2014, they joined Halcones Rojos Veracruz of Mexico before re-joining Cocodrilos de Caracas for the 2014 LPB season. On July 13, 2014, they signed with Piratas de Quebradillas of the BSN where they played one game.
2014–15 season
On November 1, 2014, Emmett was selected by the Fort Wayne Mad Ants in the second round of the 2014 NBA D-League draft. On February 4, 2015, they were named to the Futures All-Star team for the 2015 NBA D-League All-Star Game, the second time in their career. They went on to record 28 points, 4 rebounds and 4 steals, and was subsequently named the All-Star Game MVP.
On March 5, 2015, Andre Emmett left the Mad Ants and signed with the Meralco Bolts of the Philippine Basketball Association for the 2015 Governor's Cup campaign.
2015–16 season
On July 22, 2015, Emmett was selected by the KCC EGIS(전주 KCC 이지스) with the 5th overall pick in the 2015 KBL foreigner draft.
NBA career statistics
Regular season
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Memphis
| 8 || 0 || 3.5 || .333 || .000 || .600 || 0.3 || .0 || .0 || .0 || 0.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| New Jersey
| 6 || 0 || 7.5 || .571 || .000 || .625 || 1.0 || 0.2 || 0.3 || 0.2 || 2.2
|-
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 14 || 0 || 5.2 || .462 || .000 || .615 || 0.6 || 0.1 || 0.1 || 0.1 || 1.4
Death
Emmett died on September 23, 2019, after being shot in Dallas, Texas. They were taken to a hospital where they were later pronounced dead. They were 37 years old.
References
External links
Profile at Eurobasket.com
Profile at RealGM.com
1982 births
2019 deaths
2019 murders in the United States
African-American basketball players
All-American college men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American expatriate basketball people in China
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Lebanon
American expatriate basketball people in Lithuania
American expatriate basketball people in Mexico
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American expatriate basketball people in South Korea
American expatriate basketball people in Venezuela
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Dallas
BC Rytas players
Big3 players
Capitanes de Arecibo players
Cocodrilos de Caracas players
Deaths by firearm in Texas
Élan Béarnais players
Fort Wayne Mad Ants players
Fujian Sturgeons players
Guaros de Lara (basketball) players
Halcones Rojos Veracruz players
Jeonju KCC Egis players
Liège Basket players
Marinos B.B.C. players
Memphis Grizzlies players
Meralco Bolts players
New Jersey Nets players
Reno Bighorns players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Piratas de Quebradillas players
Seattle SuperSonics draft picks
Shandong Hi-Speed Kirin players
Shooting guards
Small forwards
Texas Tech Red Raiders basketball players
Al Riyadi Club Beirut basketball players
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American sportspeople
American men's 3x3 basketball players
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
John Essington (1689–1729), of Wandsworth, Surrey, was an English Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons briefly from 1727 to 1728.
Essington was baptized on 8 December 1689, the fourth son of Peter Essington of Wandsworth, a goldsmith of London, and their first wife Elizabeth. They were admitted at Inner Temple in 1706. They married Elizabeth Claphamson of Wandsworth on 10 January 1713. In 1724 they were High Sheriff of Surrey.
Essington was returned as a Whig Member of Parliament for New Romney at the 1727 British general election but was unseated on petition on 29 April 1728.
Essington died on 8 April 1729, in Newgate prison where they were incarcerated for debt. They and their wife had three sons and eight daughters.
References
1689 births
1729 deaths
People from Wandsworth
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1727–1734
David Scroggy (born December 19, 1951 in Akron, Ohio) is an American retailer, columnist, editor, and executive in the field of comic books. From 1993 to 2017, they were head of new product development at Dark Horse Comics.
Scroggy attended Harvey S. Firestone High School in Akron; classmates included Chrissie Hynde (later of The Pretenders) and future comics professionals Paul Mavrides and Craig Yoe.
Scroggy started out in the comics business in 1975. Having moved from Ohio to San Diego, Scroggy was hired by Shel Dorf, organizer of the San Diego Comic-Con, to work as a volunteer at the convention. With Dorf's encouragement and assistance, Scroggy began writing a column for Alan Light's trade publication The Buyer's Guide to Comics Fandom (later known as the Comics Buyer's Guide). This in turn got them in the door at the local San Diego retailer Pacific Comics. Before long, Scroggy had risen to general manager of Pacific Comics' four San Diego shops (his official title was Wholesale Distribution Manager). For their work in the industry, Scroggy was given an Inkpot Award at San Diego Comic-Con in 1977.
Later, when Pacific Comics expanded into publishing, Scroggy helped recruit the reclusive Steve Ditko to publish with Pacific. In 1981 Scroggy was named Editorial Director of the comics division; they also edited Jack Kirby's Captain Victory and the Galactic Rangers and the Pacific anthology Vanguard Illustrated during that period. As Pacific Comics began to publish limited-edition art portfolios by comic book and fantasy artists, under the Schanes & Schanes imprint, Scroggy was involved editorially. One example was The Portfolio of Underground Art, published in 1980. The portfolio consisted of thirteen oversize signed and numbered plates; one each by a notable underground comix artist, created for the project. Scroggy selected the artists and wrote both biographies and a text booklet that accompanies the plates. Contributor included Rick Griffin, Robert Crumb, S. Clay Wilson, Robert Williams, Spain Rodriguez, Greg Irons, and others. Scroggy edited and wrote text for The Bladerunner Sketchbook (1982), published by Pacific Comics under their Blue Dolphin imprint. Vanguard Illustrated was an anthology comic book that teamed a new, unpublished talent with an established one. A new writer's story would be illustrated by an established artist, and vice versa. Writers whose first professional work appeared in Vanguard include Fabian Nicieza, Joey Cavalieri, and David Campiti. Artists included Brendan McCarthy and Geof Darrow.
Scroggy left Pacific in 1984 to become organizer of the annual San Diego Comic Book Expo, the trade show associated with the San Diego Comic-Con. During this same period, roughly from 1983 to 1992, Scroggy worked as an agent for creators in the comics industry. They were an editor at Dark Horse Comics in 1989, and started Dark Horse's Product Development department in 1993. Scroggy again wrote a column in Comics Buyer's Guide in the 1990s.
Scroggy was Vice President of Product Development at Dark Horse for many years, retiring in 2017.
In 2019, Scroggy was a reference source for Derf Backderf in the 2020 graphic novel Kent State: Four Dead in Ohio, sharing their eyewitness account of the Kent State shootings over the weekend of May 2–3, 1970.
References
External links
"Interview with Dave Scroggy on Dark Horse Merchandise," ICv2 (August 1, 2004)
1951 births
Living people
Comics retailers
People from Akron, Ohio
Clarence Munyai (born 20 February 1998) is a South African sprinter.  They are the current South African record holder in the 200 metres, with a time of 19.69, set on 16 March 2018 at the South African national championships.  They are ranked 10th in the world 200 metres and the 12th in the world for the 300 metres. They competed in the men's 200 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics. They finished 3rd in their heat with a time of 20.66 seconds and did not qualify for the semifinals.
They competed in the men's 200 metres and the men's 4 x 100 metres relay at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Statistics
Personal bests
Season's bests
International competitions
Qualified for the final, but did not start ().
National titles
South African Championships
200 metres: 2016
South African U23/U20/U18/U16 Championships
200 metres: 2016
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
South African male sprinters
Olympic athletes of South Africa
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Johannesburg
World Athletics Championships athletes for South Africa
Athletes (track and field) at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for South Africa
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
20th-century South African people
21st-century South African people
The abbreviation ZTM means:
Public Transport Authority (Warsaw) (in Polish: Zarząd Transportu Miejskiego w Warszawie), municipal transport authority in Warsaw, Poland
Zbrojovka Vsetín, a Czech weapon factory
the IATA code for Shamattawa Airport, Manitoba, Canada
Pisokal is a former village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia.
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Paracmaeoderoides callyntromorion is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Paracmaeoderoides.
References
Monotypic Buprestidae genera
TerminusDB is an open source knowledge graph and document store. It is used to build versioned data products. It is a native revision control database that is architecturally similar to Git. It is listed on DB-Engines.
TerminusDB provides a document API for building via the JSON exchange format. TerminusX is a cloud self-serve data platform built on TerminusDB
TerminusDB is available under the Apache 2.0 license. TerminusDB is implemented in Prolog and Rust.
History
TerminusDB, previously known as DataChemist, was founded in Dublin, Ireland. Starting in Trinity College Dublin, the development team behind TerminusDB ran the Horizon 2020 project ALIGNED that worked from February 2015 to January 2018. An open-access e-book entitled Engineering Agile Big-Data Systems was published on completion of the ALIGNED project.
Seshat is an international scientific research project of the nonprofit Evolution Institute which uses TerminusDB as data infrastructure. Seshat has been working with the development team from the ALIGNED project onward. This work has been reported in several major newspapers. TerminusDB is also the database behind the associated Institute for Economics and Peace and Oxford University historical peace index project.
The results of some aspects of this research, focused on the relationship between complex societies and moralizing gods, appeared in Nature.
Version 1.0 was released in October 2019. TerminusDB was first released under the GPLv3 licence with the client libraries released with the Apache 2 licence. With v4.0, which was released in December 2020, TerminusDB switched to the Apache 2.0 license. The shift was discussed extensively.
Release history
Name
TerminusDB is named after the Roman God of Boundaries, Terminus. It is also named after the home planet of the Foundation in the series of science-fiction novel by Issac Asimov. TerminusDB uses a CowDuck mascot - the motif finds its origins in the examples used by core engineer Matthijs van Otterdijk when first demonstrating to append only immutable data store
Software design
TerminusDB is an in-memory graph database management system with a rich query language. The design of the underlying data structure, which is implemented in a Rust library, uses a succinct data structures and delta encoding approach drawing inspiration from software source control systems like Git. This allows all of the Git semantics to be used in TerminusDB.
Data model
TerminusDB is based on the RDF standard. This standard specifies finite labelled directed graphs which are parameterized in some universe of datatypes. The names for nodes and labels are drawn from a set of IRIs (Internationalized Resource Identifiers). TerminusDB uses the XSD datatypes as its universe of concrete values. For schema design, TerminusDB used the OWL language until version 10.0. Since version 10 it uses a JSON schema interface allowing users to build schemas using a simple JSON format. This provides a rich modelling language which enables constraints on the allowable shapes in the graph.
TerminusDB has a promise based client for the browser and node.js it is available through the npm registry, or can be directly included in web-sites. It also has a Python client for the TerminusDB RESTful API and a python version of the web object query language, WOQLpy.
Query language
WOQL (web object query language) is a datalog-based query language. It allows TerminusDB to treat the database as a document store or a graph interchangeably, and provides query features to make relationship traversals easy. This gives a relatively straightforward human-readable format which can be easily stored in TerminusDB itself.
Example
A simple query which creates a document in the database, along with labels and cardinality constraints.
WOQL.doctype("BankAccount").label("Bank Account")
.property("owner","xsd:string")
.label("owner")
.cardinality(1)
.property("balance","xsd:nonNegativeInteger")
.label("owner")
.cardinality(1)
References
External links
Graph databases
Structured storage
Free database management systems
Software companies of Ireland
Free software programmed in Rust
Logic programming
2019 software
NoSQL
Software using the GPL license
CJ CGV (Hangeul: CJ CGV (씨제이 씨지브이)㈜) is the largest multiplex cinema chain in South Korea and also has branches in China, Indonesia, Myanmar, Turkey, Vietnam, and the United States. The fifth largest multiplex theater company in the world, CJ CGV currently operates 3,412 screens at 455 locations in seven countries, including 1,111 screens at 149 locations in South Korea. CGV takes its name from the first letters of the joint venture partners at the time of launching; CJ, Golden Harvest (Orange Sky Golden Harvest), and Village Roadshow.
History
CGV started as Theater Business Team inside CJ CheilJedang in 1995. CJ Golden Village was jointly established in 1996 by CJ Cheil Jedang of South Korea, Orange Sky Golden Harvest of Hong Kong and Village Roadshow of Australia. However, now it is operated by CJ only as Golden Harvest and Village Roadshow have pulled out of the group. CGV opened the first multiplex in Gangbyeon in 1998. It merged CJ Golden Village and renamed the company to CJ CGV. In December 2004, it became the first theater chain listed on the Korea Stock Exchange.
CGV exceeded an aggregated total of 100 million viewers in 2004. It opened its first digital movies in 2006, SMART PLEX in 2008, 4D PLEX in 2009 and Cine City in 2011. In 2006, it opened eight sites in China and one in Los Angeles, and took over major cinema chain in Vietnam. 2013, CGV had 101 million visitors within one year. It is the fifth cinema company achieving this mark, joining Regal, AMC, Cinemark and Cinepolis. 2017 saw the second U.S. location open, in Buena Park, in Orange County.
Timeline
1995: Theater Business Team formed inside the Cheil Jedang
1996: Jointly established by CJ Cheil Jedang (South Korea), Golden Harvest (Hong Kong) and Village Roadshow (Australia)
April 1998: Opened the first multiplex cinema in Gangbyeon
December 1999: Opened second multiplex cinema in Incheon
July 2000: Opened South Korea's first premium cinema, Gold Class
October 2001: Exceeded an aggregated total of 100 million viewers
October 2002: Renamed the company to CJ CGV
February 2003: Exceeded an aggregated total of 100 screens
February 2004: Showed South Korea's first digital movie
October 2004: Opened the first multiplex indie theater
December 2004: the first theater chain listed on Korea Stock Exchange
December 2005: Introduced South Korea's first IMAX system in Yongsan and Incheon
October 2006: first to enter Chinese theater market (1st CGV in Shanghai)
May 2007: Opened Cine de Chef, a premium theater with fine dining
October 2007: Launched CGV 'Movie Collage'
July 2008: Opened Smartplex 'edutainment' theater
October 2008: Opened Starium in Incheon
January 2009: Showed South Korea's first 4D movie
August 2009: Opened Starium with Asia's largest screen
April 2010: Exceeded an aggregated total of 200 3D screens
July 2010: Opened the first CGV in U.S., in Los Angeles
June 2010: Opened the Pyeong-chon CGV in Anyang, Gyeonggi
November 2010: Launched new CGV BI
April 2011: Started movie downloading service
July 2011: Took over multiplex cinema, 'MegaStar Cineplex', in Vietnam
November 2011: Opened Cine City in Cheongdam
April 2013: CGV Junggye opened in Junggye-dong, Nowon-gu
May 2013 : Opened in Samsan CGV in Ulsan
May 2013: scheduled to open in Beomgye on May 16.
January 2014: Acquired 14% ownership/stake of Indonesia's Blitzmegaplex through Blitz's IPO, which causes controversy due to regulations. Despite controversy, which since cooled down, the BlitzMegaplex cinema will be renamed as "CGV Blitz" in 2015. At that time, 'CGV Blitz' opens in Jogjakarta's Sahid JWalk and its flagship 'cultureplex' at Grand Indonesia, while the rest of its theaters currently undergo rebranding and remodeling. It also stated that its franchise brand, 'blitztheater' won't be changed due to franchise agreement with mall operators. CGV blitz Grand Indonesia was the first to operate SphereX technology in South East Asia, following footsteps of CGV China, who first to introduce the technology, and by CGV Korea, who opened their first SphereX branch in CGV Cheonho.
April 2015: Introduced Vietnam's first IMAX system in Ho Chi Minh (CGV SC VivoCity)
April 2016: CJ CGV Co. to acquire a 38.12% interest in Mars Cinema Group, Turkey's largest cinema chain, for $688 million.
July 2016: CJ CGV increased their stake at CGV Blitz, setting aside 28.8 billion won ($25 million) to buy 50.6 million its owner, PT. Graha Layar Prima Tbk. shares by August 1, which leads to slow rebranding from CGV blitz into CGV Cinemas.
January 2017: Opened the 2nd U.S. location in Orange County, in Buena Park.
Facilities
CGV opened South Korea's first luxury theater, Gold Class, with sofa and service; along with Cine de Chef, the premium theater with fine dining in Apgujeong-dong, Seoul. This was followed by CGV Art Hall, a concert hall with 500 seats, in Yeongdeungpo-gu for concert, musical and broadcasting program in addition to movies.
Since 2009, with the construction of digital cinema, it started showing a variety contents such as baseball game, Japanese K-1, concert and opera shows. In 2010 FIFA World Cup, it was marketed as a location for cheering games with the most number of 2D/3D screens.
In 2011, CGV Chungdam Cine City, with luxury life culture concept, was opened. It markets CJ's own brands such as The First Look Market operated by Oshopping and Vips, Bibigo, Twosome operated by Foodville.
CGV Arthouse (formerly Movie Collage) is the first indie theater in South Korea operated by CGV for independent films (which later on became the name for a separate distribution company focused on these kinds of films).
From 2011, CGV extended their chain to Vietnam by taking over the multiplex cinema Megastar and opening more theaters like CGV Liberty Citypoint and CGV Crescent Mall. CGV opened their first luxury theater in Vietnam with sofas and went on to offer the Sweetbox (a red sofa that seats two) in multiple theaters. In 2015, CGV opened its 10th cinema complex (CGV Vivocity) and introduced the first IMAX theater in Vietnam with 311 seats, one premium studio with wide spaces and armchairs, and one studio for showing 4DX movies (augmented with environmental effects such as seat motion, wind, rain, fog, lighting, and aroma along with the standard video and audio thanks to a motion picture technology owned and developed CJ 4DPLEX). The remaining studios have Sweetbox seats as private spaces for couples.
CJ CGV is the second-largest operator of joint venture IMAX screens in China, behind Wanda Cinemas, China's largest theater chain.
Special theaters
4DX - 4DX was created by CJ 4DPLEX (a subsidiary of CJ CGV), the world's first 4-D cinema, company and the technology enhances the on-screen visuals of action-packed blockbusters with special-effects that include motion-activated seats, wind, fog, rain, lightning, vibration, snow, and scents. CJ's 4DX systems are offered by theater owners in 41 countries.
IMAX - IMAX is a specialized high-definition movie format. It features a 1.43:1 unique aspect ratio and high-resolution. CJ CGV only represent IMAX format in South Korea.
SCREENX - SCREENX uses three sides of a theater as screens to project images. It was developed in 2012 by CJ CGV and KAIST.
SweetBox - SweetBox is a premium-seat for a couple. It added two-seats together with no arm-rest.
STARIUM - There are two STARIUM screens in South Korea. They are in Centum City, Busan and Yeongdeung-po, Seoul. The Yeongdeungpo Stadium CGV has been officially listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as the "World's Biggest Screen" until 2014. The theater features a very large screen, a very high-resolution digital image, and a 16-channel sound system.
Velvet (Indonesia)/L'AMOUR (Vietnam) - Velvet was first introduced by CGV Pacific Place when it was known as Blitzmegaplex Pacific Place in 2007. It features a queen-size sofa bed with the works (pillows and blankets), and service button on each sofa bed, enabling customers to order food and beverages without leaving the theater. CGV Vietnam adopted the concept and named it L'AMOUR in 2017.
Events
2004: Sangam CGV Multiplex Cinema in the World Cup Mall, Seoul World Cup Stadium at Seongsan-dong was used as the filming location for Seoul Broadcasting System (SBS)'s drama Lovers in Paris. It was used as the cinema CSV of Baek Seung-kyung, Ki-joo's ex-wife, played by Park Shin-yang, also where Tae-young, played by Kim Jung-eun, worked and had the pajama party.
5 March 2012: Shinhwa comeback press conference after a four-year hiatus, where they served mandatory military service, was held at CGV Cheongdam-dong, which was also streamed live by Mnet Media to 200 countries.
30 April 2012: Showcase for film I AM. - SM Town Live World Tour in Madison Square Garden, released on 10 May, by SM Town artists at CGV Yeongdeungpo-gu.
Recognition
Globalization Achievement, CinemaCon 2011: CGV was awarded a prize of ‘Globalization Achievement' for its efforts in leading South Korean cinema business and commercialize of the first 4D system in the world.
In 2012, CNN Go listed 4DX and Cine de Chef on its list of "Movie theaters: 10 of the world's best".
See also
ScreenX
IMAX
References
External links
CJ CGV official homepage (Global)
official Korean homepage (Korea)
official Twitter (South Korea)
official Facebook (South Korea)
Cinema chains in South Korea
CJ Group subsidiaries
1996 establishments in South Korea
Companies listed on the Korea Exchange
The Coalition of Progressive Organizations (, COP) was an electoral alliance formed in Formentera by the Socialist Party of the Balearic Islands, United Left of the Balearic Islands and The Greens to contest the 1999 and 2003 regional elections.
Composition
Political parties in the Balearic Islands
Defunct political party alliances in Spain
Political parties established in 2003
Political parties disestablished in 2007
Ember Records may refer to:
Ember Records (UK label), established in Britain in the 1950s by Jeffrey Kruger
Ember Records (US label), established in New York by Al Silver
Real Presence Radio is a lay apostolate Catholic talk radio network in the United States, with stations and translators (low power re-broadcasters) in North Dakota, Minnesota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, and Wyoming covering five states and parts of two Canadian provinces. The network's headquarters and main studios are in Fargo, North Dakota. The network also carries some programming from the national EWTN Radio network.
History
Real Presence Radio began on November 6, 2004 following the purchase of KWTL AM 1370 (then known as KFJM AM) in Grand Forks, covering most of the Diocese of Fargo and the Diocese of Crookston. On February 6, 2009, Real Presence Radio purchased KVXR AM 1280 in Fargo from Voice of Reason Radio. KVXR switched programming from the Relevant Radio network to a simulcast of KWTL, forming the Real Presence Radio network.
On October 22, 2010, the network built and signed on KPHA FM 91.3 in Bismarck. Translators (low power rebroadcasters) began broadcasting in Minot (91.1 FM) on February 20, 2011 and Williston (89.1 FM) on January 20, 2011. On October 16, 2012 Real Presence Radio purchased the KZZQ call letters (formerly used for KPUL in Des Moines Iowa) and began operating 101.9 FM KZZQ, which serves the Dickinson area, and on December 1, 2014, the network began broadcasting on 91.7 KXRP in Bismarck and on December 12, 2014, 104.1 KZTW in Tioga, ND. The network purchased a station in the Duluth-Superior area, WWEN, on February 15, 2016 from American Family Radio. Effective March, 2018, Real Presence Radio purchased KGLL in Gillette, Wyoming from American Family Radio.
Real Presence Radio is also heard on low power affiliate stations 98.9 KXYM-LP in June 2015 in Belcourt, ND and 99.7 KZEB-LP in September 2014 in Jamestown, ND.
With the new stations in the Diocese of Bismarck, the Real Presence Radio network broadcasts to a majority of North Dakota's population along with much of northwest Minnesota, northeastern South Dakota, southern Manitoba including Winnipeg and extreme southwestern Ontario.
Station list
Owned and Operated
Affiliates
References
External links
Real Presence Radio
EWTN Radio
American radio networks
Christian mass media companies
Christian radio stations in the United States
Catholic radio stations
Radio stations in Grand Forks, North Dakota
Radio stations established in 2004
2004 establishments in North Dakota
The Home Teachers is a 2004 comedy film written by John Moyer and directed by Kurt Hale. The Home Teachers is a comedy distributed by Halestorm Entertainment and intended for LDS audiences, or members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Plot
Greg Blazer is a slothful, lazy Latter-day Saint who loves football so much that they wear football jerseys under their church clothes. Much to their dismay, Greg's Sunday-football-watching plans are interrupted by Nelson Parker, a faithful, nerdy, stalwart Latter-day Saint who is Greg's new home teaching companion. Together, the two men set out to complete their assignment, beginning a journey of slapstick comedy and hijinks that includes Greg falling through a ceiling while wearing a wedding dress, dressing up like a deer, and accidentally dancing with a dead grandfather at their own funeral.
Background
After the successful distribution of two films intended for LDS audiences, Halestorm Entertainment made the decision to produce and distribute The Home Teachers, based on a script by John Moyer. The genesis of the film grew from a single idea. Moyer had the idea of Birkeland falling through a ceiling, and built a script around it. That scene developed into Birkeland, wearing a wedding dress, falling through the ceiling onto a fully set kitchen table, followed by a toilet. Moyer soon wrote many other scenes involving similar slapstick humor and developed them into a story.
Reception
The Home Teachers was a critical and box office disappointment. Critics lambasted its use of slapstick humor and criticized what they perceived as a heavy-handed plot. The film also suffered from direct comparisons to Tommy Boy, a successful 1995 film starring Chris Farley, and David Spade, and Planes, Trains & Automobiles, a 1987 film directed by John Hughes. Many critics felt that The Home Teachers borrowed too much from these films, a concern one professional critic referred to as "verging on comedic plagiarism".
The Home Teachers was the third film produced and distributed by Halestorm Entertainment. Halestorm's first two films, The Singles Ward and The R.M., grossed $1,250,798 and $1,111,615 at the box office, respectively. Such similar box office grosses indicated a trend for Halestorm releases. However, The Home Teachers, despite being produced and distributed by the same source, grossed $196,123 during its theatrical run. It was less than 16% the gross of The Singles Ward and the lowest grossing LDS comedy of its time.
References
External links
2004 comedy films
2004 films
Mormon cinema
Halestorm Entertainment films
2000s English-language films
Moneyslane (from ) is a small village and townland in County Down, Northern Ireland, on the main route from Castlewellan to Banbridge. In the 2001 Census, Moneyslane had a population of 147.
History
In the 1659 Census this townland was called Nunis Lane and there were 16 families living there. By 1841 there were 138 families with 356 males and 356 females, 10% of whom were receiving Famine relief. A corn mill was built in 1831, held by James McBride from General Meade. Water supplied by a small stream was not in sufficient quantity, so that the mill worked only five months on average. The water wheel was 18 feet in diameter, breadth 3 feet, diameter of the cog wheel was 8 feet; it was double geared with wood and metal machinery. The flax mill was next to the corn mill and worked by the same water wheel. It was the property of James McBride. It was first built in 1800 and completely repaired in 1834, but only worked four months of the year. The diameter of the cog wheel was 8 feet. It was double geared with metal machinery.
Football
Moneyslane Football Club plays in Intermediate 'B' in the Mid-Ulster League. Home games are played at, Jubilee Park in Moneyslane.
They currently have three senior teams along with a junior section.
Their First Team is currently managed by David Johnstone, a former player who played Irish league and has managed Annagh United amongst others.
Moneyslane Free Presbyterian Church
Moneyslane Free Presbyterian Church commenced on the first Sunday of October 1966. It met first in Moneyslane Orange Hall, before a new Church building was erected nearby. The site for the new Church was given by the McElroy family. The first minister of the congregation was Rev John Douglas. On their removal to Lisburn Free Presbyterian Church they were succeeded by Rev Michael Patrick, who later took up ministry in Australia. Rev Ron Johnstone ministered in Moneyslane until their removal to Armagh. Rev William McDermott was installed as minister in September 1998.
References
Links
Archaeological excavations at Drumadonnell, Moneyslane
Moneyslane village
Villages in County Down
Townlands of County Down
Civil parish of Drumgooland
Mengesh is one of the Districts of Ethiopia, or woredas, in the Gambela Region of Ethiopia. Part of the Mezhenger Zone, Mengesh is bordered on the south and east by the Southern Nations, Nationalities and Peoples Region (SNNPR), on the west by Anuak Zone, on the north by the Oromia Region, and on the southeast by Godere. It was part of Godere woreda.
Demographics
Based on the 2007 census conducted by the CSA, this woreda has a total population of 20,467, of whom 10,639 are men and 9,828 women. The majority of the inhabitants said they practised Ethiopian Orthodox Christianity, with 54.83% of the population reporting they observed this belief, while 39.09 were Protestant, and 5.19% were Muslim.
Notes
Districts of Gambela Region
Bushong is a surname found mostly in the United States, derived from the surname Boschung found mainly in Switzerland, but also in the Palatinate and other regions in Western Europe.
Surname history
The American surname, Bushong and variant Bushon, prior to being anglicized, was the German-Swiss name, Boschung. The spelling was changed after immigration to Colonial America. The immigrants, Hans and Johann Nicholas both arrived as Boschung, Hans in 1731 and Johann Nicholas in 1732. The original ships manifests and transcriptions list them as Boschung, but the spelling was changed in their American lives.
The origin and meaning of the Bushong surname
One favored theory is the surname is based on two syllables, Bosch and ung. Bosch is considered a Germanic topographical name, derived from the Latin word, boscus which translates to wood, as in forest. Subsequently, the patronymic suffix ung was added to the original name and means descendants of (the Bosch). It has been theorized that the reason to differentiate from an original Bosch family, with the addition of the suffix, was that there had been a large well established Bosch family. The patronymic suffix identified them as having separated by proximity from the original family. In other words, the families who moved away were not the Bosch, they were the Boschung. All occurring as surnames were beginning to be the accepted practice.
Origination of the Boschung family
There are several Boschung family lines, originating in Switzerland, one of which started in 1750, when a line Bosson, changed its names spelling to Boschung. Another line began in 1600 in Boltigen, Switzerland, with a name change from Studer, and this is believed to be beginning of the Colonial American Bushong. However, the Boschung name is first noted in the 1520s in Jaun, Fribourg, Switzerland and in the 1530s a few miles away in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland. These families whether related or not represent the majority of the Boschung. All would have been spoken a Swiss German dialect, more specifically its predecessor western High Alemannic dialect (Bernese German).
Colonial period immigration to the United States
For the vast majority, the Bushong Family of America descend from two immigrants, Hans Boschung and Johann Nicholas Boschung. Hans and Johann Nicholas Boschung arrived in port of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1731 and 1732 respectively. They were Protestants of the Reformed Swiss sect, who left Switzerland and spent some years in the Palatinate.
Hans Boschung immigrated with their family on the ship Brittania and qualified for entry to the Colonies September 21, 1731. They were listed, Barbara age 37, and their children, Magdelen age 11, Hans Phillip age 9, Ana Barbara age 6, Christiana age 3.
Johann Nicholas Boschung immigrated with their family on the ill-fated voyage of the pink John and William and qualified for entry to the Colonies October 17, 1732. Listed on the manifest as Paschun, with their wife, Magdalena (over 16) and their children, Hendrich, Eve, Andreas, Maria.
The Bushongs originally settled in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, where they were members of the Salem Hellers Reformed Church.
Today descendants who can trace their ancestry back to Hans and Johann Nicholas Bushong number in the thousands.
Post-colonial immigration to the United States
There are a few other family lines with the Bushong surname in America. Some are descended from French Catholics who immigrated from Nova Scotia, Canada to the United States in the 19th and 20th century while others are descended from slaves of the Bushong's prior to the American Civil War. There also appear to be a few different lines of European Bushongs. These families immigrated to the United States in the mid to late 19th century from what was a war torn central Europe and took the Bushong name. But with about 1.2 million other mostly Germans immigrants, there was at least one Greek Bushong. Their surnames all had various original spellings, Bushing, Busching, Buchen, Bushan, and others. During this period the most common immigration destination in the United States was New York, through Ellis Island.
Descendant Bushong lines
Some common Bushong myths
The colonial immigrant Bushongs descend from Beauchamp
In the beginning of the 20th century, it was thought that Colonial Bushongs descended from the French Beauchamps and that the name was originally spelled that way. It is not certain exactly when the myth originated, but in 1900 Oscar Kuhns published The Germans and Swiss settlements of colonial Pennsylvania: a study of the so-called Pennsylvania Dutch. In it they stated the Bushongs were French Huguenots and their name was originally Beauchamp...
Rev. A. Stapleton published this book in 1901-
"Memorials of the Huguenots in America, with special reference to their emigration to Pennsylvania"
Multiple lines of colonial Bushongs immigrated
One theory fostered by some, was that there were numerous different lines of Bushongs entering Colonial America, some with different spellings. To date there is no evidence to support this theory and to the contrary, thousands of Bushong descendants are listed as descendants of Hans Boschung and Johann Nicholas Boschung's son, Andreas. With a charting project for the entire Bushong 1930 United States Census completed and most identified, it makes multiple lines that much more improbable.
Bosang descend from Bushong
This myth was first mentioned in the late 1980s or early 1990s by several Bushong researchers, who perceived a similarity between the surnames Bosang and Bushong. It was suggested that David Bosang, whose name was spelled Bosseng before it was Anglicized, had been a Bushong in Europe prior to leaving. Though lacking any European documentation, the myth gained a degree of legitimacy through repeated publishing of Bosang's United States documentation mixed with the Bushong name. It is probable that Bosseng is a variant spelling of the surname Bossong.
Some notable people, places, and businesses
Dr. Lee C. Bushong, U.S. Marine, deputy sheriff, and professor.
Albert J. "Doc" Bushong D.D.S., Baseball player, Dentist
Howard F. Bushong, American baseball coach
Robert Grey Bushong, U.S. House of Representatives, Pennsylvania
Bushong, Kansas
Bushong's Mill Covered Bridge, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
Notes
References
Further reading
I. Daniel Rupp, A Collection of Upwards of Thirty Thousand Names of German, Swiss, Dutch, French and Other Immigrants in Pennsylvania 2nd Edition, Copyright 1898
Wikipedia Swiss Folklore
Find Most Bushongs in the Bushong United Family Tree
Surnames of Swiss origin
Mount Ida, also known as the Walker Reynolds House, was an antebellum mansion, built in the Greek Revival style beginning in 1840 by Walker Reynolds, between Sylacauga and Talladega in rural Talladega County, Alabama, United States.
History
Walker Reynolds was a wealthy planter and promoter of Talladega and Talladega County. They were born August 28, 1799, in Warren County, Georgia, and died January 18, 1871, in Talladega County. They came to Alabama in 1832, and settled among the Indians in Talladega County. In 1849 they were elected to the legislature on the Whig ticket, and during their service there, they succeeded in securing the passing of a charter giving to the county a railroad running through its entire length, then known as Alabama & Tennessee River Railway, and afterwards as the Selma, Rome and Dalton Railroad. After the session of 1849, they were not again in public life, but engaged in planting and milling, and the buying and selling of public lands. Before the start of the Civil War, they opposed secession, but went with their adopted state when they seceded. Because of their age they could not enter the Confederate States Army but they aided largely in the support of the needy families of the Confederate soldiers during the war, and raised and equipped a company at their own expense. They were known by the title of major, presumably, from their connection with the militia.  They are buried in the family cemetery at their home, Mount Ida.
Description
Initial construction on the fourteen-room mansion began in 1840, it was completed in sections until the portico was completed in 1858. The Greek Revival mansion featured a monumental veranda, edged by six fluted columns and topped by inverted bell-shaped capitals (a motif extremely rare among ante-bellum homes in the state). The six front columns were constructed of red brick and covered with hard plaster. The large windows on the balcony could be turned into doors providing access from the inside of the house as well as cool ventilation in the summer months. There was amethyst glass in the sidelights and transoms. The furnishings in the house were purchased on a trip to New York City. The front parlor was called 'The Blue Room' and was a replica of the Blue Room in the White House.
In 1949, the Kent family purchased the mansion and began a restoration to return Mt. Ida to its former glory. However, Mount Ida was struck by lightning in August 1956 and quickly burned to the ground. All that remains today are the front brick-and-plaster columns.
References
Greek Revival houses in Alabama
Plantation houses in Alabama
Houses completed in 1859
Houses in Talladega County, Alabama
Burned houses in the United States
The Marsha Warfield Show is an American daytime talk show that aired for ten months on NBC from 1990 to 1991. Comedian and actor Marsha Warfield served as host.
Overview
Each show featured several guests who, on the surface, did not seem to have anything in common. Warfield then got their guests to talk about hot-topic issues. The show was light-hearted and Warfield's set included a basketball hoop.
References
External links
The Marsha Warfield Show New York Times profile
1990 American television series debuts
1991 American television series endings
1990s American television talk shows
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
Television series by Kline and Friends
The Altai accentor (Prunella himalayana) is a species of bird in the family Prunellidae. It is also known as the rufous-streaked accentor or Himalayan accentor. It breeds in the Altai Mountains of western Mongolia; it winters in the southern Tian Shan and Himalayan ranges.
Taxonomy
The Altai accentor was described by the English zoologist Edward Blyth in 1842 and given the binomial name Accentor himalayanus. The Altai accentor is now placed in the genus Prunella that was introduced by the French ornithologist Louis Vieillot in 1816. The species is monotypic.
This species, along with the alpine accentor, is sometimes separated from the other accentors into the genus Laiscopus.
Gallery
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the Altai accentor
Altai accentor
Birds of Mongolia
Altai accentor
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Altai accentor
Mirond Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan, Canada. It lies in low-relief forested terrain of the Canadian Shield. The climate is sub-arctic.
Location
Mirond Lake (HALPR) is at .
The lake is accessible by road north from the Hanson Lake Road (Saskatchewan Highway 106).
It is about long and wide at its widest point.
Mirond Lake is joined to Pelican Lake to the west by a narrow stretch of water that gives its name to the community of Pelican Narrows on its north shore.
Attitti Lake to the east drains through Waskwei Lake and Wunehikun Bay into Mirond Lake.
Pelican and Mirond lakes are near the high point of the Flin Flon Plain, which slopes gently to the south down to about at Deschambault Lake and Amisk Lake.
Mirond lake is the headwaters of the Sturgeon-Weir River, a tributary to Cumberland Lake.
This in turn drains into the Saskatchewan River System.
The Sturgeon-Wier leaves the end of the lake through a rock-walled channel containing a section of rapids, then flows more slowly through a series of long, narrow lakes.
The river drains a large system of lakes between latitudes 54°30' and 55°30' and longitudes 102° and 103°, including Deschambault Lake, Wood Lake, Pelican Lake and Mirond Lake.
It empties into Beaver Lake, about northwest of The Pas, Manitoba.
The river is about long from Mirond Lake to Beaver Lake.
Above Scoop Rapids, about halfway along the river, the drainage area is about .
Etymology
The name "mi-rond" is French and means "half round", or "half moon" according to Sir John Richardson.
It describes the shape of the lake.
Peter Pond, a poor speller, showed the lake as "Mineront" in their maps drawn around 1785.
Other variants were used later, such as Merion.
Sir John Franklin on their overland expedition of 1819-22 wrote "Miron" as "Heron", and this was copied by several other mapmakers.
The name Mirond is standard now.
The Cree give the twin lakes of Pelican and Mirond the name Opawikoschikun Sakuhikuna, or "fear lakes", referring to a massacre that took place there around 1730.
The Cree name for the narrows is Opawikoscikcan, meaning "fear narrows".
Climate
The lake is in the subarctic climate zone.
The annual average temperature is .
The warmest month is July, when the average temperature is and the coldest is January, with .
Environment
The landscape has areas of glaciolacustrine silts and clays or sandy glacial till, with many outcrops of Precambrian rocks that have been scoured by glacial ice.
There are large areas of peatland in the poorly drained areas, and elsewhere the land is forested.
Black spruce (picea mariana) is common but not dominant, and other trees include white spruce (picea glauca), trembling aspen (populus tremuloides), jack pine (pinus banksiana) and balsam fir (abies balsamea).
The lake has lodges with cabins and campgrounds for fishing and hunting.
A Saskatchewan live release record for northern pike was set at Mirond Lake in 2008, with a specimen.
See also
List of lakes of Saskatchewan
Notes
Sources
Lakes of Saskatchewan
The Demarest Building was a multi-purpose commercial building at 339 Fifth Avenue in Midtown Manhattan, New York City. The building was designed by Renwick, Aspinwall & Russell and constructed for coachbuilder Aaron T. Demarest in the downtown commerce district to showcase the high-end carriages that they manufactured there. The building was the first with an electric elevator. In 1893, a fire broke out in the building that destroyed most of the 200 carriages in stock at the time, valued at nearly three-quarters of a million dollars in 2020 dollars. After Demarest stopped using the building to manufacture and showcase their carriages, the building was leased out in sections for a hundred years. Permits have been filed for a high-rise, 21-story building to be built in its place, but there is an active effort to retain two significant facades .
Description
The Demarest Building is situated on the northeast corner of Fifth Avenue and 33rd Street in Midtown Manhattan, just east of the Empire State Building. It was designed by Renwick, Aspinwall & Russell. It was constructed in 1889 and had the first two successful electric elevators installed in it. It was on Fifth Avenue directly across the street from William Waldorf Astor's mansion, where the Waldorf–Astoria hotels (and the Empire State Building) were built later. The Demarest Building housed the high-end carriage manufacturer A. T. Demarest & Company that sold luxury carriages to wealthy people in New York City. Some of those were William Backhouse Astor Jr., William Waldorf Astor, and John Jacob Astor II to which a higher road toll was commenced for owning these types of carriages.
There were three mansion houses of brownstone construction previously at this location, with the addresses of 335, 337, and 339 Fifth Avenue. The iron-framed building which Aaron T. Demarest had commissioned was built four stories high and originally had a stone-clad base. The exterior brick was buff-colored and had terracotta medallions and panels that accent the facade. The three-story arched openings are separated by brick pilasters on the front of the building. The architects designed these arches with windows so the interior's showrooms were illuminated with plenty of light. The original two-story windows were cast metal bays built within the building's front arches. This Beaux-Arts architecture style building with large arches is said to resemble Carnegie Hall.
History
On July 26, 1893, a fire broke out in the Demarest Building, destroying many of the luxury carriages manufactured and stored there. The fire started about 3 in the morning from unknown causes. It was estimated that there was damage of about $5,000 () to the building and a loss of about $25,000 () in carriage merchandise. At the time there were over 200 high-end carriages in the building. The fire destroyed twenty carriages in the repair shop and damaged the others throughout the building to one degree or another. The fire was fueled by the seasoned wood, paints, oils, and varnishes used in production. The Hotel Waldorf was across the street and the guests were awakened by the noise of the fire engines. They watched as the fire ravaged the building and its contents. The fire was not extinguished until almost 6 A.M.
The Demarest Building was later converted to offices and work areas for small manufacturers. In March 1913 Dr. Friedrich Franz Friedmann, a young Berlin physician who claimed to have a cure for tuberculosis, set up a medical practice on the second floor of the building. They were going to have a staff of New York physicians, diagnosticians, bacteriologists, and those associated with the US government to make the cure available to the public for little or no cost. The building's leasing agent would not allow the doctor to treat patients there, and they ultimately moved to another location. Teitelbaum & De Marinis had a business on the third floor from 1911 to 1914 producing high-end headwear. From 1917, the ground floor space was used by the Harris Store to sell high-end men's clothing. The firm of Flapper Coats moved into the building in 1919. Going into the 1920s much of the building's space was used by apparel firms like La Grecque Underwear Company. The hat manufacturer Hirschberg & Company was located in the building as was the decorative glassware company E. & J. Bass, Inc.
As of 2015, there were plans for developer Pi Capital Partners to replace the building and neighboring structures with a new residential tower. In 2019, Pi Capital filed plans for a 26-story mixed-use development on the site of the Demarest Building. This prompted preservationists and groups, including the Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation, to petition the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission (LPC) to designate the building as an official city landmark, thereby protecting it from demolition. However, the LPC expressed concern that the building's exterior had been altered too frequently throughout its history and the old building was not saved. , it is being replaced by a 21-story, 82-unit mixed-use building with commercial space at the base and up to five residential units on each floor.
References
Citations
Sources
1890 establishments in New York (state)
Beaux-Arts architecture in New York City
Fifth Avenue
Midtown Manhattan
Robert Eugene Olson (January 23, 1919August 11, 2011) was American biochemist and physician who researched nutrition. The recipient of a Guggenheim Fellowship, they held the editor position at both Nutrition Reviews and the Annual Review of Nutrition.
Early life and education
Robert Eugene Olson was born in Minneapolis on January 23, 1919 to mother Minnie A. , a secretary at the University of Minnesota College of Agriculture, and Ralph W. Olson, who worked at a carpet business. Their family descended from Swedish farmers in Värmland and Småland, with their grandparents immigrating to the United States in the mid-19th century. They were the eldest of three sons born to their parents. While attending South High School in Minneapolis, their interests included physics and electronics, and they were an amateur radio operator.
They attended Gustavus Adolphus College in Minnesota for their bachelor's degree, graduating in 1938. They then attended Saint Louis University School of Medicine for a PhD in biochemistry under the advisorship of Edward Adelbert Doisy, graduating in 1944. Initially they researched choline deficiency in rats in the laboratory of Wendell H. Griffith. The war interrupted their studies, as Griffith was called to Europe during World War II to serve as Chief of Nutrition. Thus, Olson had to change the subject of this thesis, as Doisy believed no one else in the department was qualified to oversee the choline research. Their final thesis research was on the bioassay of adrenal cortical hormones.
Career
Olson was enlisted in the United States Navy during World War II, with a tour of duty from 1944 to 1946. Upon finishing their tour, they accepted a position at Harvard University as an instructor of biochemistry and nutrition. While at Harvard, they decided that they should apply to Harvard Medical School to learn more about clinical nutrition. They graduated with their Doctor of Medicine in 1951, then was hired at the University of Pittsburgh where they were chair of the department of biochemistry and nutrition. They worked at the University of Pittsburgh until 1965, at which point they returned to their alma mater St. Louis University. There, they succeeded Doisy as the chair of the biochemistry department in 1965, holding the position until 1982. From 1967 to 1977 they were the director of the Anemia and Malnutrition Center in Thailand where they researched malnutrition in children. Towards the end of their career they were on the faculty of Stony Brook University as a professor of medicine; they retired in 1990. In 1991 they joined the University of South Florida College of Medicine as a professor of pediatrics.
In 1978 they became the editor of the journal Nutrition Reviews. They succeeded William J. Darby as the editor of the Annual Review of Nutrition in 1985, remaining editor until 1994.
Awards and honors
Olson was the first recipient of the McCollum Prize, awarded by the American Society of Nutrition. In 1961 they won a Guggenheim Fellowship in the molecular and cellular biology field.
Personal life and death
In 1944, they became engaged to Catherine Silvoso, a nurse at a children's hospital in St. Louis. They married later that year when Olson arrived in St. Louis on break after finishing their basic training for the Navy. One of their children, a daughter born in 1947, died in infancy. Additionally, they had three other daughters and two sons. Their marriage of 62 years ended with their death in 2006. They died on August 11, 2011 in Boston at the age of 92.
References
1919 births
2011 deaths
Scientists from Minneapolis
Physicians from Minnesota
American nutritionists
American physicians
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Gustavus Adolphus College alumni
Saint Louis University alumni
Harvard Medical School alumni
Harvard University people
University of Pittsburgh faculty
American people of Swedish descent
Annual Reviews (publisher) editors
Cytheridae is a family of ostracods belonging to the order Podocopida.
Genera
Genera:
Abditacythere Hartmann, 1964
Asymmetricythere Bassiouni, 1971
Austrocythere Hartmann, 1989
References
Ostracods
Heinrich Alexander (from 1841 Freiherr) von Arnim(-Suckow) (born 13 February 1798 in Berlin; died 5 January 1861 in Düsseldorf) was a Prussian statesman.
Arnim received their education in the Pädagogium in Halle, then in 1814 joined the cavalry of the Landwehr of the Uckermark and fought with five brothers in the War of the Sixth Coalition. They joined the Prussian civil service in 1820, they were at first an embassy attaché in Switzerland, then a legation secretary in Munich, Copenhagen and Naples and was made chargé d'affaires in Darmstadt in 1829. There, they successfully worked towards the creation of the Zollverein, after which they were made an Expert Councillor (Vortragender Rat) in the Foreign Ministry in 1834. However, Frederick William IV, with whom they were in close personal contact, made them an envoy in Brussels in 1840, and in Paris in 1846.
In these positions they earned much credit through resolutely defending German trade interests, namely by bringing about the Belgo-Prussian trade agreement of 1 September 1844 and through the determination with which they confronted the prevailing protectionist attitudes, publicly and officially as well as through their work Mein handelspolitisches Testament (translation: My Legacy in Trade Policy) (Berlin 1844).
After the end of the July Monarchy (February 1848), they hurried to Berlin and on 17 March handed the King a memorandum, in which they advocated liberal reforms and the pursuing of a German national policy. They were behind the King's momentous declaration of support for the German cause (21 March). On the same day they took office as Foreign Minister of Prussia in the government that was led first by Adolf Heinrich von Arnim-Boitzenburg, then by Gottfried Ludolf Camphausen; this government already resigned on 20 June, however.
Arnim then lived for a while as a private citizen in Neuwied and endeavored to work towards a moderate solution to the German question, through various pamphlets (Frankfurt und Berlin, Frankfurt 1848; Über die Mediatisationsfrage, Frankfurt 1849). They were a member of the first chamber of the Prussian Parliament from 1849 to 1851, and supported the German-Constitutional party. They vigorously opposed the domestic as well as the feeble foreign policy of the now victorious reactionaries in the most dynamic way possible. An even greater impression than their speeches and petitions was made by the publication of various "undelivered" speeches (Zur Politik der Epigonen in Preußen, Berlin 1850; Zur Politik der Konterrevolution in Preußen, Berlin 1851). Due to this last pamphlet Arnim was prosecuted in court at the instigation of the feudal party, and despite a stellar defence that they later published, they were convicted and sentenced to pay a fine. After that they stayed clear of the political stage, until after the downfall of the government of Otto von Manteuffel in 1858 they were elected by a Berlin constituency to the Landtag. Their sickliness however prevented them from devoting their whole energy to the new era of Prussian public life that was then just beginning. They died on 5 January 1861 in Düsseldorf. A broad body of knowledge, worldly wisdom and frankness secured them a significant personal reputation from early on.
1798 births
1861 deaths
Prussian diplomats
Prussian politicians
19th-century diplomats
Foreign ministers of Prussia
Heinrich Alexander
Prussian Army personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
Tillandsia baileyi, commonly known as the reflexed airplant or Bailey's ball moss, is a species of bromeliad that is native to southern Texas in the United States and Tamaulipas in Mexico. It is found along the Gulf of Mexico from Kingsville, Texas to Tampico, Tamaulipas. Preferred host plants for this epiphyte include Southern live oak (Quercus virginiana) and Texas ebony (Ebenopsis ebano).
Cultivars
Tillandsia 'Borumba' (T. baileyi 'Texas' × T. 'Druid')
Tillandsia 'Califano' (T. baileyi × T. ionantha)
Tillandsia 'Festubail' (T. festucoides × T. baileyi)
Tillandsia 'Halley's Comet'
Tillandsia 'Kanyan' (T. intermedia × T. baileyi)
Tillandsia 'Mark Aldridge' (T. baileyi × T. capitata 'Maroon')
Tillandsia 'Rosalie Mavrikas' (T. baileyi × T. schiediana)
Tillandsia 'Tiaro' (T. baileyi × T. seleriana)
Tillandsia 'Veronica Orozco' (T. baileyi × T. caput-medusae)
Tillandsia 'Wallu' (T. baileyi × T. achyrostachys?)
See also
Vernon Orlando Bailey
References
baileyi
Flora of Tamaulipas
Flora of Texas
Endangered flora of the United States
Endangered biota of Mexico
Endangered flora of North America
Plants described in 1903
The Nokia X1-01 is an ultra-basic phone manufactured by Nokia for users in developing countries. It is a dual SIM phone. The Nokia X1-01 features 2G or GPRS mobile connectivity. The Nokia X1-01 however does not feature any internet connectivity, web browsing or social media capabilities, and apps cannot be installed by the user. The Nokia X1-01 also does not have camera, GPS, or Bluetooth hardware available.
The phone runs on Li-ion battery which can last up to 42 days with the phone on standby.
The phone can play standard MP3 files with bitrate greater than 32 per second, with advertised 36 hours of battery life. It uses a microSD card for storage. It also runs FM radio and also has some games pre-installed.
References
X1-01
Mobile phones introduced in 2011
Mobile phones with user-replaceable battery
Valea Danului is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bănicești, Bolculești, Borobănești, Valea Danului and Vernești.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Elections to the Baseball Hall of Fame for 1988 followed the system in place since 1978.
The Baseball Writers' Association of America (BBWAA) voted by mail to select from recent major league players and
elected Willie Stargell. The Veterans Committee met in closed sessions to consider older major league players as well as managers, umpires, executives, and figures from the Negro leagues; it selected no one. A formal induction ceremony was held in Cooperstown, New York, on July 31, 1988, with Commissioner of Baseball Peter Ueberroth in attendance.
BBWAA election
The BBWAA was authorized to elect players active in 1968 or later, but not after 1982; the ballot included candidates from the 1987 ballot who received at least 5% of the vote but were not elected, along with selected players, chosen by a screening committee, whose last appearance was in 1982. All 10-year members of the BBWAA were eligible to vote.
Voters were instructed to cast votes for up to 10 candidates; any candidate receiving votes on at least 75% of the ballots would be honored with induction to the Hall. The ballot consisted of 44 players; a total of 427 ballots were cast, with 321 votes required for election. A total of 2,819 individual votes were cast, an average of 6.60 per ballot. Those candidates receiving less than 5% of the vote will not appear on future BBWAA ballots, but may eventually be considered by the Veterans Committee.
Candidates who were eligible for the first time are indicated here with a dagger (†). The candidate who received at least 75% of the vote and was elected is indicated in bold italics; candidates who have since been elected in subsequent elections are indicated in italics. The 20 candidates who received less than 5% of the vote, thus becoming ineligible for future BBWAA consideration, are indicated with an asterisk (*).
Roger Maris, Elston Howard and Don Larsen were on the ballot for the 15th and final time.
The newly-eligible players included 21 All-Stars, two of whom were not included on the ballot, representing a total of 44 All-Star selections. Among the new candidates were 7-time All-Stars Willie Stargell and Reggie Smith, who were the only candidates to have been selected at least five times. The field included one MVP (Stargell), two Cy Young Award-winners (Randy Jones and Sparky Lyle) and one Rookie of the Year (Stan Bahnsen).
Players eligible for the first time who were not included on the ballot were: John D'Acquisto, Barry Foote, Tom Griffin, Mick Kelleher, Len Randle, Ken Reitz, Dave Roberts, Eddie Solomon, Don Stanhouse, Fred Stanley, and Frank Taveras.
J. G. Taylor Spink Award
Jim Murray (1919–1998) received the J. G. Taylor Spink Award honoring a baseball writer. The award was voted at the December 1987 meeting of the BBWAA, and included in the summer 1988 ceremonies.
References
External links
1988 Election at www.baseballhalloffame.org
Baseball Hall of Fame balloting
Hall of Fame balloting
The William Frangenheim House is a historic house at 410 N. 3rd Avenue in Maywood, Illinois. The house was built in 1906 on a plot previously owned by the Maywood Company, the development company that planned Maywood. It is designed in the American Foursquare style, a vernacular style which was used in many Maywood houses of the period. Like most Foursquare homes, the house has a square two-story layout with a front porch and a hip roof with a dormer. In keeping with its utilitarian style, the house has little external decoration; its interior features Craftsman-inspired wood trim, though it is still relatively plain.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 22, 1992.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Cook County, Illinois
American Foursquare architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1906
Maywood, Illinois
Argestidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida.
Genera:
Actinocletodes Fiers, 1986
Argestes Sars, 1910
Argestigens Willey, 1935
References
Copepods
Steven Skrzybski (born 18 November 1992) is a German professional footballer who plays as a striker for Holstein Kiel.
Early career
Born in the capital Berlin, Skrzybski began playing at youth level from a very young age. They started at just eight years old with local team SG Stern Kaulsdorf before quickly being spotted as a potential star by professional club Union Berlin.
Union Berlin
Skrzybski played 143 official games for Union from 2010 to 2018. Having risen through the various youth ranks at the club, they broke into the reserve team and was also considered to be first team quality. After mostly playing with the reserves for a few years the striker began life at full professional level and made a name for themselves in the 2016–17 season, when they played in 32 matches and scored 9 times. They scored 14 goals in the 2017–18 season.
Schalke 04
On 29 May 2018, Schalke announced that Skrzybski signed for the club on a three-year deal. On 24 November 2018, they scored their first two goals for Schalke against 1. FC Nürnberg in a 5–2 victory.
On 3 January 2020, Skrzybski was loaned out to Fortuna Düsseldorf for the rest of the 2019–20 season.
Holstein Kiel
On 5 July 2021, Skrzybski signed for Holstein Kiel.
Personal life
Skrzybski is of distant Polish descent.
Career statistics
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
German people of Polish descent
German footballers
Footballers from Berlin
Association football forwards
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
1. FC Union Berlin players
FC Schalke 04 players
Fortuna Düsseldorf players
Holstein Kiel players
The 1927 Giro di Lombardia was the 23rd edition of the Giro di Lombardia cycle race and was held on 30 October 1927. The race started and finished in Milan. The race was won by Alfredo Binda.
General classification
References
1927
Giro di Lombardia
Giro di Lombardia
Imma neurota is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Borneo.
The wingspan is 16–20 mm. The forewings are dark fuscous with ochreous-yellow markings, in males with a short streak beneath the costa from the base, in females reduced to a basal dot. In females, there is a slender zigzag transverse streak from the costa beyond the middle, reaching three-fourths of the way across the wing, dilated on the costa, in males represented by a transverse series of three small spots or marks, the costal somewhat triangular. A subdorsal dot is found beneath this and the veins posteriorly are marked with fine lines. A slender almost marginal streak is found around the apex and termen to the tornus, broadest at the apex. The hindwings in males have a slight subdorsal groove. They are dark fuscous, lighter towards the base, especially in males. In females, there is a fine pale yellowish almost marginal line around the apex and upper half of the termen.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
The Giant is a live album by trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie. It was recorded in Paris, France, in 1973, and first released on the French America label.
Reception
The Allmusic review stated: "Gillespie plays well enough... Still, the edge is missing on these explorations of standards and recent originals although they are in particularly fine form on the ballads".
Track listing
"Stella By Starlight" (Victor Young, Ned Washington) - 7:45
"I Waited For You" (Gil Fuller, Dizzy Gillespie) - 3:50
"The Girl of My Dreams" (Sunny Clapp) - 5:24
"Fiesta Mo-Jo" (Gillespie) - 11:21
"Serenity" (Kenny Drew) - 5:08
Personnel
Dizzy Gillespie - trumpet
Johnny Griffin - tenor saxophone (tracks 4 & 5)
Kenny Drew - piano
Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen - bass
Kenny Clarke - drums
Humberto Canto - conga drums
References
America Records live albums
Dizzy Gillespie live albums
1973 live albums
Lieutenant colonel Henry Smith, known popularly as Henry “Jullundur” Smith, (1859-1948), was an Irish ophthalmologist who served in the Indian Medical Service (IMS), mostly in Jullundur, Punjab. In 1905 they published a landmark paper titled “Extraction of cataract in the capsule”. Smith's operation, an operation for removing cataracts with the capsule intact, is named for him. A description of Smith is given in Derrick Vail's “The Man With the Cigar” (1973).
Early life and education
Henry Smith, also known as Harry, was born in Clogher, County Tyrone in 1859. They attended Queen's College, Galway, from where they graduated with first class honours.
Career
In 1890 they joined the Indian Medical Service, and was stationed at Amritsar and Jullundur, Punjab, where they became known as "Jullundur Smith", acting as superintendent of the local jail and performing both stone and eye surgery. During the cooler seasons, they could perform up to 100 cataract operations per day. They popularised the intracapsular cataract extraction.
Later life
In 1921 they retired and remained in India until 1925, when they returned to Clogher, County Tyrone.
Personal and family
In 1898, Smith married an Indian Medical Service colleague. They had two sons.
Death and legacy
They died in 1859. The Indian Pioneer wrote: "He was big, mentally, morally and physically and they operated on thousands upon thousands for two great Indian afflictions, cataract and stone. India mourns their going, the world honours him."
Smith is considered an ophthalmology pioneer of the IMS, along with Herbert Herbert. A description of Smith is given in Derrick Vail's “The Man With the Cigar” (1973).
References
British surgeons
1948 deaths
1859 births
British people in colonial India
Ophthalmologists
Indian Medical Service officers
Shri Balakrishna Guruji is a Reiki master and hypnotherapist known for their contributions in alternative medicine. Balakrishna Guruji is best known for popularizing drugless healing sciences like Reiki and hypnosis among health conscious Indians through their TV shows in TV9 Kannada and Kasturi channel.
See also
Reiki
Self-hypnosis
Pendulum
References
Limca Book Of Records – 2010
External links
SOMBO website http://www.sombo.in
http://www.balakrishnaguruji.com/
1955 births
Living people
People from Mandya
Hypnotherapists
Recipients of the Rajyotsava Award 2010
Toledo do Brasil is a Brazilian company that manufactures and resells weighing equipment as well as cold cut slicers and electronic labels, headquartered in São Bernardo do Campo. It was founded in 1956 as a subsidiary of the Toledo Scale Company (today Mettler Toledo) and subsequently nationalised in 1988.
History
In 1932, the Toledo Scale Company created a representative office in Brazil. 1956, this was expanded with the purchase of a small factory to form Toledo do Brasil Indústria de Balanças Ltda. In 1988, the company was bought over by Brazilian business people.
Business
The company sells weighing equipment, as well as cold cut slicers and electronic labels.
Some of its products are manufactured, while others are resold from other brands including ABM, Cargoscan, Datalogic, Mettler-Toledo, Measurement Systems International, Pricer, Wipotec, and Railweight.
Bibliography
External links
Industry in Brazil
Companies based in São Paulo
São Bernardo do Campo
The Desert Iris is a 4x4 versatile and durable strategic auxiliary vehicle. It was developed by the KADDB (King Abdullah Design and Development Bureau) and SHP Motorsports to meet an operational requirement identified by the Jordanian Armed Forces (JAF) for a cost-effective, light-weight, rapid deployment vehicle which would be used to secure its territorial borders. The Desert Iris can mount a range of weaponry on its multi-purpose weapons tray. This unit can be fitted and removed easily and rapidly, enabling the Desert Iris to be re-configured as required by ground forces.
Variants
Desert Iris TOW : The Iris is configured with a mounted anti-tank TOW along the back side of the vehicle.
Desert Iris MRLS: Enables most handheld rocket launcher systems to be mounted to the back side of the vehicle.
Desert Iris 12.7 mm: A 12.7 mm machine gun is fitted to weapons tray the back side of the vehicle.
Desert Iris UAV: The weapons tray comes with a UAV launcher platform mounted to the back side of the vehicle.
Armament
The vehicle includes a weapon frame and ring mount directly behind the driver/commander seats that permits the vehicle to carry a variety of weapons based on the mission profile. Some include a basic 12.7 mm machine gun up to and including a TOW launcher.
Propulsion
The Desert Iris was built around Toyota automotive components and a 2.8 liter four-cylinder Toyota engine. It is able to be utilized as a fast attack platform due to its capable operational range of 600 km on paved surfaces and 400 km off-road. The engine develops 100 Bhp/ 75 KW at 4200 rpm. The independent double wishbone with coil-over-shock suspension in the front and independent training arms in the rear give the Desert Iris tremendous stability and off-road mobility. The vehicle is able to maneuver over slopes of 60% incline vertical, as well as 40% horizontal.
References
Military vehicles introduced in the 2010s
Military vehicles of Jordan
Jack Metcalf (born 25 December 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for USL Championship side San Diego Loyal.
Career
College and amateur
Metcalf played with Liverpool and Wolves at youth level, before playing as an amateur while studying at Clemson University in the USA between 2010 and 2013.
Professional career
After trialling with several clubs in England, Metcalf signed with United Soccer League club Charlotte Independence in February 2015. In January 2017, Metcalf signed for Welsh club Bangor City.
References
External links
Bangor City Bio
1991 births
Living people
English footballers
English expatriate footballers
Clemson Tigers men's soccer players
SC United Bantams players
Charlotte Independence players
Bangor City F.C. players
Atlanta United 2 players
San Diego Loyal SC players
Association football midfielders
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Footballers from Liverpool
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Arthur Michalik (January 31, 1930February 23, 2021) was an American professional football player who was a linebacker and guard in the National Football League (NFL). They played from 1953 to 1956 for the San Francisco 49ers and Pittsburgh Steelers. As a professional wrestler in the 1960s, they won the Pacific Northwest Wrestling Tag Team Championship three times with The Destroyer.
College and military career
Michalik was the son of a Chicago police sergeant. At St. Ambrose University, they played college football and was named honorable-mention Little All-American, all-Midlands Conference, and all-Iowa Conference in 1950. They were also on the wrestling team, winning 33 consecutive matches with only four losses in NCAA and Amateur Athletic Union-sanctioned competition; they finished third and fourth in national AAU tournaments as a sophomore. Although wrestling coach George Strohmeyer felt they could have qualified for the 1952 Summer Olympics, they elected to focus on football upon being selected by the San Francisco 49ers in the 17th round of the 1951 NFL Draft.
After graduating from college in 1951, Michalik was drafted into the United States Marine Corps. They were assigned to Naval Station Treasure Island and appointed as a recreation assistant. They also joined the base's football team and became the starting right tackle. The 49ers expressed interest in signing them upon their discharge after a scout attended the Pirates' 31–14 win against the Pittsburg Buccaneers. They were discharged on October 9, 1953, and permitted to sign with the 49ers in July via accrued terminal leave.
NFL career
As a rookie in 1953, Michalik helped the 49ers defeat the Los Angeles Rams with a fumble recovery at the Rams' five-yard line and forced a Rams punt that led to 49ers scores. The following week against the undefeated Cleveland Browns, they hit Browns quarterback Otto Graham in the face with six minutes until halftime, resulting in severe facial bleeding. Graham received 15 stitches and had a plexiglass bar—an early example of a modern facemask—attached to their helmet. The Browns won after Graham's return, and all agreed the hit was accidental. They made the Pro Bowl at the end of the season.
Michalik's 1954 season ended when they tore knee ligaments in a tie against the Rams, a game that also resulted in injuries for their teammates and drew condemnation from 49ers owner Tony Morabito and captain Bruno Banducci. At the end of the year, they were urged to retire by team doctors but refused, prompting the 49ers to trade them to the Pittsburgh Steelers for a conditional draft pick. After Steelers center Bill Walsh's retirement, they became the starter at the position and also played kicker, for two seasons.
Wrestling and teaching
During their playing days, Michalik also entered professional wrestling and formed a tag team with 49ers player Leo Nomellini. Nicknamed "Boom Boom Michalik", they thrice won the Pacific Northwest Wrestling Tag Team Championship.
Michalik later became a high school coach and teacher at LaQuinta High School, (Westminster, Ca) Los Amigos High School (Fountain Valley, California), Pacifica High School and Garden Grove High School and Golden West community college in Huntington Beach, CA.
Death
On February 23, 2021, the 49ers announced Michalik's death.
References
External links
CageMatch.net bio
Wrestlingdata.com bio
1930 births
2021 deaths
American male professional wrestlers
American football linebackers
San Francisco 49ers players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Western Conference Pro Bowl players
Harley Bascom Ferguson (August 14, 1875 – August 29, 1968) was a United States Army officer in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. They served in several conflicts including the Spanish–American War and World War I, and they received the Distinguished Service Medal.
Biography
Ferguson was born on August 14, 1875, in Waynesville, North Carolina. They graduated from the United States Military Academy in 1897 and was commissioned into the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
After serving in Cuba during the Spanish–American War, Ferguson participated in the Philippine–American War starting in 1899. They served as Chief Engineer during the China Relief Expedition in 1900. Ferguson graduated from the Army Staff School in 1904. They served as the district engineer in Montgomery, Alabama from 1907 to 1909, and they served as the executive officer in charge of raising the USS Maine between 1910 and 1911. After returning to the U.S., Ferguson served as a district engineer in Milwaukee from 1913 to 1916.
During World War I in France, between September 12, 1917, and June 16, 1918, Ferguson commanded the 105th Engineers, and they served as the Second Corps Engineer from June 17, 1918, to October 3, 1918. They were promoted to the rank of brigadier general on August 8, 1918. Ferguson received the Distinguished Service Medal for their efforts in the war.
After the war's end, Ferguson reverted to their permanent rank. They served in several positions, including as a district engineer in Pittsburgh in 1920 and in Cincinnati from 1927 to 1929. Ferguson also worked in the Office of the Assistant Secretary of War between 1921 and 1926, and they also served in New Orleans, Vicksburg, Mississippi, and Norfolk, Virginia. By 1930, they also are a member of the Saint Lawrence Waterway Board and the River and Harbors Board, and in 1932 they became the president of the Mississippi River Commission, again as a brigadier general. Ferguson was promoted to major general on December 3, 1934, and they retired from the army in 1939, though they were recalled to active duty in 1942.
Ferguson lived in Vicksburg as a retiree, and they died in Lafayette, Louisiana, on August 29, 1968.
Personal life
Ferguson married Mary Virginia McCormack on January 3, 1907, and they had three children together.
References
Bibliography
1875 births
1968 deaths
People from Waynesville, North Carolina
People from Vicksburg, Mississippi
Military personnel from Florida
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
United States Army generals of World War I
United States Army Corps of Engineers personnel
Recipients of the Distinguished Service Medal (US Army)
United States Military Academy alumni
American military personnel of the Boxer Rebellion
American military personnel of the Philippine–American War
United States Army generals
Kutlu Adalı (1935 in Nicosia – July 6, 1996), was a Turkish Cypriot journalist, poet, socio-political researcher, and peace advocate.
Background
Their family emigrated to Antalya, Turkey, when they were three years old. After completing their secondary education, they returned Cyprus in 1954 taking up employment at Cyprus Turkish Communal Chamber.
Before their retirement, they were the head of the Department of Population and Birth Registration in the recently declared Turkish Republic of North Cyprus.
In the years leading to their assassination, Kutlu Adali was a well-respected journalist working for the left-wing Yeni Düzen newspaper in Nicosia, writing daily in their regular column From Blue Cyprus. While their early works, including their books and periodicals, were nationalistic in content, their latter contributions were critical of the then right-wing establishment prevalent in the north of their home island.
Death
On July 6, 1996, they were fatally machine-gunned, outside their home. To this day, the perpetrators of this crime are yet to be brought to justice. Some sources state the Grey Wolves are responsible for their death, however another source states the Turkish Revenge Brigade is responsible.
On May 23, 2021, Turkish criminal leader Sedat Peker mentioned the former Ministry of the Interior Mehmet Ağar's role in the killing on their YouTube channel, claiming that Ağar demanded a hitman from Peker. They said that they sent their brother Atilla Peker to Cyprus upon Ağar's request, but later was told by Korkut Eken that "another team killed Adalı."
Bibliography
Köy Raporları (Village Reports), 1961, 1962, 1963 (Turkish)
Dağarcık (Shepherd's Bag), 1963, (travelogue) (Turkish)
Söyleşi (Interview), 1968, (Turkish)
Çirkin Politikacı (The Ugly Politician), Pof, 1969 (satire) (Turkish)
Hayvanistan (Animalistan), 1969 (satire) (Turkish)
Sancılı Toplum (Society with Birth Pains), 1969 (Turkish)
Köprü (The Bridge), 1969, (play) (Turkish)
Şago, 1970, (play) (Turkish)
Nasrettin Hoca ve Kıbrıs (Naseruddin Hodja and Cyprus), 1971 (Turkish)
See also
List of journalists killed in Europe
List of unsolved murders
References
External links
An article on the court case following their assassination
Kutlu Adali (1935-1996)
1935 births
1990s murders in Cyprus
1996 crimes in Cyprus
1996 deaths
1996 murders in Asia
1996 murders in Europe
Assassinated Turkish Cypriot journalists
Deaths by firearm in Cyprus
Journalists killed in Cyprus
Male murder victims
People from Nicosia
People murdered in Cyprus
Turkish Cypriot writers
Unsolved murders in Cyprus
The white-headed saw-wing (Psalidoprocne albiceps), also known as the white-headed rough-winged swallow is a species of bird in the family Hirundinidae.
It is found in Angola, Burundi, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ethiopia, Kenya, Malawi, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.
This species has an extremely large range, and hence does not approach the thresholds for Vulnerable under the range size criterion (Extent of Occurrence <20,000 km combined with a declining or fluctuating range size, habitat extent/quality, or population size and a small number of locations or severe fragmentation). The population trend appears to be stable, and hence the species does not approach the thresholds for Vulnerable under the population trend criterion (>30% decline over ten years or three generations). The population size has not been quantified, but it is not believed to approach the thresholds for Vulnerable under the population size criterion (<10,000 mature individuals with a continuing decline estimated to be >10% in ten years or three generations, or with a specified population structure). For these reasons the species is evaluated as Least Concern by the IUCN.
References
white-headed saw-wing
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
white-headed saw-wing
white-headed saw-wing
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
is a 1975 Japanese horror film directed by Yoichi Takabayashi, based on the mystery novel The Honjin Murders (1946) by Seishi Yokomizo. It was entered into the 26th Berlin International Film Festival.
Cast
Akira Nakao as Kindaichi Kosuke
Junko Takazawa as Suzuko Ichiyanagi
Takahiro Tamura as Kenzou Ichiyanagi
Akira Nitta as Saburō Ichiyanagi
Fujio Tokita as the Man With Three Fingers
References
External links
1975 films
1975 horror films
Japanese horror films
1970s Japanese-language films
Japanese haunted house films
Films directed by Yoichi Takabayashi
Films set in country houses
1970s Japanese films
The Rocky Mountain Horse is a horse breed developed in the state of Kentucky in the United States. Despite its name, it originated not in the Rocky Mountains, but instead in the Appalachian Mountains. A foundation stallion, brought from the western United States to eastern Kentucky around 1890, began the Rocky Mountain type in the late 19th century. In the mid-20th century, a stallion named Old Tobe, owned by a prominent breeder, was used to develop the modern type; today most Rocky Mountain Horses trace back to this stallion. In 1986, the Rocky Mountain Horse Association was formed and by 2005 has registered over 12,000 horses. The breed is known for its preferred "chocolate" coat color and flaxen mane and tail, the result of the relatively rare silver dapple gene acting on a black coat, seen in much of the population. It also exhibits a four-beat ambling gait known as the "single-foot". Originally developed as a multi-purpose riding, driving and light draft horse, today it is used mainly for trail riding and working cattle.
Breed characteristics
Rocky Mountain Horses stand between high. Any solid color is accepted by the registry, but a dark brown color called "chocolate" with a pale, "flaxen" mane and tail is preferred. This coloration is the result of the relatively rare silver dapple gene acting on a black base coat. Although uncommon, this gene has been found in over a dozen breeds, including the Rocky Mountain Horse. Minimal white markings are accepted by the registry, although leg markings may not extend above the knee. The physical characteristics are somewhat variable, due to the disparate breeds that created the Rocky Mountain Horse. The Rocky Mountain Horse is known by enthusiasts for its hardiness and ability to withstand winters in the mountains. It is also praised for its good nature and affinity for humans.
Rocky Mountain Horses have the highest risk of any breed for the genetic ocular syndrome multiple congenital ocular anomalies (MCOA), originally called equine anterior segment dysgenesis (ASD). MCOA is characterized by the abnormal development of some ocular tissues, which causes compromised vision, although generally of a mild form; the disease is non-progressive. Genetic studies from 2008 have shown that the disorder may be tied to the silver dapple gene, as most horses diagnosed with MCOA carry the gene. A 2017 report by Jessica Fragola and Leandro Teixeira in Investigative Ophthalmology & Visual Science entitled "Microphthalmia with multiple ocular abnormalities in 11 horses: a novel syndrome" noted a novel ocular syndrome in horses characterized by bilateral microphthalmia and aphakia associated with multiple ocular abnormalities, and given the predominance of anterior segment lesions, a defect during the embryological development of the lens placode was suspected.
The breed exhibits a natural ambling gait, called the single-foot, which replaces the trot seen in a majority of horse breeds. Both gaits are an intermediate speed between a walk and a canter or gallop; ambling gaits are four-beat gaits, whereas the trot is a two-beat gait. The extra footfalls provide additional smoothness to a rider because the horse always has at least one foot on the ground. This minimizes movement of the horse's topline and removes the bounce of a two-beat gait, caused by a moment of suspension followed by the jolt of two feet hitting the ground as the horse shifts from one pair of legs to the other. The value of an intermediate speed is that the horse conserves energy. More than thirty horse breeds are "gaited," able to perform a four-beat ambling gait, and some can also trot. Thus, a Rocky Mountain Horse, with rider, can use the single-foot to cover rough ground at around and short stretches of smooth ground at up to . The faster speed is known as the rack. In comparison, the average medium trot speed is .
History
Eastern Kentucky is known for its gaited breeds, created through a mixture of Spanish horses from the southern United States and English horses from the North. American Saddlebreds, Tennessee Walking Horses and Missouri Fox Trotters also originated in the same general geographic area, from the same mixing of Spanish and English blood. Rocky Mountain Horses have a similar history to the Kentucky Mountain Saddle Horse, and together are sometimes called "Mountain Pleasure Horses". The Rocky Mountain Horse originated in eastern Kentucky from a foundation stallion brought to the Appalachian Mountains from the Rocky Mountains around 1890. Brought to the area as a colt, oral histories state that the "Rocky Mountain Horse", as they were known, possessed the preferred chocolate color and flaxen mane and tail found in the breed today, as well as the single-foot gait. They were used to breeding local saddle mares, and due to the small area in which they were bred, a local strain of horse originated.
This foundation stallion produced a descendant, named Old Tobe, who became the more modern father of the Rocky Mountain Horse breed. Old Tobe was owned by a resident of Spout Springs, Kentucky named Sam Tuttle. For most of the 20th century, Tuttle was a prominent breeder of Rocky Mountain Horses, and helped to keep the strain alive during the Great Depression and World War II. After World War II, despite declining horse populations in the US, Tuttle kept their herd, and continued to use Old Tobe as a breeding stallion. Tuttle held the Natural Bridge State Park concession for horseback riding, and used Old Tobe for trail rides in the park and for siring additional trail horses, the latter until the stallion was 34 years old. Old Tobe died at the age of 37. The presence of the single-foot gait makes it possible that the breed is in part descended from the Narragansett Pacer, a breed known for passing its gaited ability on to other American breeds.
In 1986, the Rocky Mountain Horse Association was created to increase population numbers and promote the breed; there were only 26 horses in the first batch of registrations. Since then, the association has, over the life of the registry, registered over 25000 horses as of 2015, and the breed has spread to 47 states and 11 countries. In order to be accepted by the registry, a foal's parentage must be verified via DNA testing. Horses must also, after reaching 23 months of age, be inspected to ensure that they meet the physical characteristic and gait requirements of the registry. The Rocky Mountain Horse is listed at "Watch" status by the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy, meaning that the estimated global population of the breed is fewer than 15,000, with fewer than 800 registrations annually in the US.
The breed was originally developed for general use on the farms of the Appalachian foothills, where it was found pulling plows and buggies, working cattle and being ridden by both adults and children. Today, it is still used for working cattle, as well as endurance riding and pleasure riding. The breed's gait and disposition make it sought out by elderly and disabled riders. Each September, the Kentucky Horse Park hosts the International Rocky Mountain Horse Show.
References
External links
Rocky Mountain Horse Association
European Rocky Mountain Horse Club
Horse breeds
Horse breeds originating in the United States
Conservation Priority Breeds of the Livestock Conservancy
Blue blazer may refer to:
Blue Blazer, a flaming cocktail
A blue blazer, a type of jacket
The Blue Blazer, the working name of professional wrestler Owen Hart
See also
Blue Blaze (disambiguation)
"Stuck Inside of Mobile with the Memphis Blues Again" (also listed as "Memphis Blues Again") is a song written by Bob Dylan that appears on their 1966 album Blonde on Blonde. The album version also appears on 1971's Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. II. An early studio take, done in a faster tempo, was released on The Bootleg Series Vol. 7: No Direction Home: The Soundtrack in 2005. As the recording indicates, Dylan had difficulty fitting the words to the tempo, and evidently this led to its rearrangement, as heard on Blonde, in a more "rock"-oriented 4/4 time. The song's refrain likely refers to the Memphis Blues of W.C. Handy.
A live version of this song appears on the 1976 album Hard Rain, and was also released as a single with "Rita May" as the B-side.
Recording
All twenty takes of "Stuck Inside of Mobile" were recorded in the early hours of February 17, 1966, in Columbia's Music Row Studios in Nashville. Dylan continuously reworked the song in the studio, revising lyrics and changing the song's structure as they recorded different takes. Eventually, after recording for three hours, a master take, the twentieth and final take, was chosen. Take five would eventually be released on The Bootleg Series Vol. 7.
The entire recording session was released on the 18-disc Collector's Edition of The Bootleg Series Vol. 12: The Cutting Edge 1965–1966 in 2015, with highlights from the outtakes appearing on the six-disc and two-disc versions of that album.
Live performances
According to their website, Dylan played the song 748 times in concert between its live debut in 1976 and its last performance in 2010.
Cover versions
The song has been covered by over a dozen artists, notably Cat Power for the'm Not There (soundtrack) in 2007 and Old Crow Medicine Show on their 2017 album 50 Years of Blonde on Blonde.
Notes
Songs written by Bob Dylan
Bob Dylan songs
1966 songs
1976 singles
Song recordings produced by Bob Johnston
Columbia Records singles
Besnik Musaj (born 29 December 1973) is an Albanian former cyclist who represented their country in the 1996 Summer Olympics. They competed in the men's road race, but they failed to finish the race. They won the Tour of Albania for seven consecutive years from 1995 to 2001, and the Albanian National Road Race Championships in 1998, 1999 and 2002.
References
1973 births
Living people
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Summer Olympics competitors for Albania
Place of birth missing (living people)
Abd al-Rahman ibn Khalid ibn Musafir al-Fahmi () was a governor of Egypt for the Umayyad Caliphate from 735 to 736.
A Qays Arab, Abd al-Rahman originally served as chief of police (sahib al-shurta) for al-Walid ibn Rifa'a al-Fahmi before themselves succeeding to the governorship upon al-Walid's death in mid-735. They remained in office until a Byzantine sea attack in the following year caused several Muslims to be taken prisoner; as a result, the caliph Hisham ibn Abd al-Malik lost faith in their skill with military matters and replaced them with Handhala ibn Safwan al-Kalbi instead.
Notes
References
8th-century Arabs
Umayyad governors of Egypt
8th-century Umayyad governors of Egypt
Taba‘ at-Tabi‘in hadith narrators
House at 173 Sixteenth Avenue is a historic home located at Sea Cliff in Nassau County, New York. It was built about 1880 and is a -story, cruciform clapboard residence with a cross-gable roof. It features a two-tiered wraparound porch and Gothic details.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Gothic Revival architecture in New York (state)
Houses completed in 1880
Houses in Nassau County, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Nassau County, New York
Sven Ohlsson may refer to:
Sven Ohlsson (footballer) (1888-1947), Swedish Olympic footballer
Sven Ohlsson (wrestler) (1886-1961), Swedish Olympic wrestler
See also
Sven Olsson (1889-1919), Swedish Olympic footballer
Ceri Sherlock (born August 1954) is a Welsh theatre, film and television director.
Ceri Sherlock was educated at Ysgol Dewi Sant, Llandovery College, King's College, London, the University of Glamorgan and as a Fulbright Scholar at the University of California, Los Angeles.
They were a Judith E Wilson Visiting Fellow at the University of Cambridge and a Niipkow Fellow, Berlin. They were a trainee director and director with Theatr Cymru and Welsh National Opera and held posts as Artistic Director of Actors' Touring Company and Theatrig.
In 1993 Sherlock directed Dafydd for BBC 2. In 1995, their Welsh-language film Branwen won the Best Film award at the Celtic Film Festival. Their feature Cameleon won a Golden Spire and a Golden Gate at the San Francisco Film Festival 1999.
They were first Expert Advisor in Culture and Arts for the National Assembly of Wales 2000–2002.
Sherlock was a Commissioning Editor at S4C before joining the BBC as Commissioning Executive Arts (BBC Wales) and an Executive Producer (BBC4) in 2006.  They are an Honorary Professor in Drama at Kingston University and the University of Aberystwyth. They re-located in 2010 to Hong Kong, where they became a Professor and Dean of Drama at the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts. In 2016, after being cleared of an accusation of sexual harassment, they resigned from their position.
References
1954 births
Living people
Alumni of King's College London
Welsh film directors
Labor aristocracy or labour aristocracy (also aristocracy of labor) has at least four meanings: (1) as a term with Marxist theoretical underpinnings; (2) as a specific type of trade unionism; (3) as a shorthand description by revolutionary industrial unions (such as the Industrial Workers of the World) for the bureaucracy of craft-based business unionism; and (4) in the 19th and early 20th centuries was also a phrase used to define better-off members of the working class (as used for example by Jack London in The People of the Abyss).
Use within Marxism
In Marxist theory, those workers (proletarians) in the developed countries who benefit from the superprofits extracted from the impoverished workers of developing countries form an "aristocracy of labor". The phrase was popularized by Karl Kautsky in 1901 and theorized by Vladimir Lenin in their treatise Imperialism, the Highest Stage of Capitalism. According to Lenin, companies in the developed world exploit workers in the developing world where wages are much lower. The increased profits enable these companies to pay higher wages to their employees "at home" (that is, in the developed world), thus creating a working class satisfied with their standard of living and not inclined to proletarian revolution. It is a form of exporting poverty, creating an "exclave" of lower social class. Lenin contended that imperialism had prevented increasing class polarization in the developed world and argued that a workers' revolution could only begin in one of the developing countries, such as Russia.
The concept of a labor aristocracy is controversial between Marxists. While the theory is formally shared by most currents that identify positively with Lenin, including the Communist International, few organizations place the theory at the center of their work. The term is most widely used in the United States, where it was popularized in the decade prior to World War I by Eugene V. Debs's Socialist Party of America and the Industrial Workers of the World. In Britain, those who hold to this theory include the Communist Party of Great Britain (Marxist–Leninist) and the Revolutionary Communist Group. Many Trotskyists including Leon Trotsky themselves and the early congresses of the Fourth International have accepted the theory of the labor aristocracy whereas others, including Ernest Mandel and Tony Cliff, considered the theory to have mistaken arguments or "Third Worldist" implications.
Albanian leader and Marxist Enver Hoxha gave the following explanation for the development of the labor aristocracy following World War II:
Criticism of business unions of workers
The term was originally coined by Mikhail Bakunin in 1872 as a criticism of the notion that organized workers are the most radical. Bakunin wrote: "To me the flower of the proletariat is not, as it is to the Marxists, the upper layer, the aristocracy of labor, those who are the most cultured, who earn more and live more comfortably than all the other workers".
In the United States and Britain, the term "aristocracy of labor" is used as an implicit criticism of labor unions that have organized high-salary workers and have no interest in unionizing middle-income and lower-income employees—even in cases where organizing the unorganized would strengthen the unions involved. These unions, it is argued, are content to remain a "labor aristocracy". Examples might include the unions of professional athletes, which have raised the wages of a certain class of already highly paid workers—professional athletes—but refuse to organize other workers, including other employees of the teams they work for. It commonly charged that the Air Line Pilots Association, the Screen Actors Guild and a handful of other AFL–CIO unions conform to the labor aristocracy model of trade unionism.
At the beginning of the 20th century in the United States, "most American Federation of Labor (AFL) unions did not admit unskilled mass-production workers". Selig Perlman wrote in 1923 that skilled workers organized into craft unions were more interested in trade separatism than in labor solidarity. The craftworkers were capable of demanding more from their employers due to their skills and preferred to fight separately from unskilled or semiskilled workers. In Perlman's words, the trade unions declared that their purpose was "to protect the skilled trades of America from being reduced to beggary".
In 1905, many existing unions actively lobbied for racist and anti-immigration policies through the creation of the notorious Asiatic Exclusion League. That same year, a new union called the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) was formed in Chicago. The IWW, also known as the Wobblies, differed from the AFL in significant ways:
The IWW organized without regard to sex, skills, race, creed, or national origin, from the very start.
The AFL was craft based while the IWW inherited the tradition of industrial unionism pioneered by the Knights of Labor, the American Railway Union and the Western Federation of Miners (WFM).
The IWW promoted the concept of all workers in one big union. Ever cognizant of the common practice of AFL craft unions crossing each other's picket lines, the IWW adopted the WFM's description of the AFL as the "American Separation of Labor".
The IWW believed that unions needed to build a labor movement with a structure that closely mapped the industries they sought to organize. A great merger movement had swept through corporations in the period from 1899 to 1903 and labor radicals believed that "the unifaction of capital represented by the rise of the new trusts needed to be countered by an equally unified organization of the entire working class".
From its inception in 1905, the IWW criticized existing craft unions for creating a "labor aristocracy". Eugene V. Debs wrote that "seasoned old unionists" could see that working people could not win with the labor movement they had. Debs believed the AFL practiced "organized scabbery" of one union on another, engaged in jurisdictional squabbling, was dominated by an autocratic leadership and the relationship between union leaders and millionaires in the National Civic Federation was much too cozy. IWW leaders believed that in the AFL there was too little solidarity and too little "straight" labor education. These circumstances led to too little appreciation of what could be won, and too little will to win it.
Animated by a class philosophy that saw capitalism as an economic system dividing society into two classes—those who own, manage, or rule; and those who have only their labor to sell—the IWW declared:[...] the working class and the employing class have nothing in common. [...] Between these two classes a struggle must go on until all the toilers [...] take and hold that which they produce by their labor through an economic organization of the working class.
In contrast, the AFL declared: We have no ultimate ends. We are going only from day to day. We are fighting only for immediate objects—objects that can be realized in a few years [...] we say in our constitution that we are opposed to theorists [...] we are all practical men.
Labor historian Melvyn Dubofsky has written the following: By 1896 Gompers and the AFL were moving to make their peace with Capitalism and the American system. Although the AFL had once preached the inevitability of class conflict and the need to abolish 'wage slavery', it slowly and almost imperceptibly began to proclaim the virtues of class harmony and the possibilities of a more benevolent Capitalism.
The AFL therefore preached "pure and simple" trade unionism. The AFL concerned itself with a "philosophy of pure wage consciousness", according to Selig Perlman, who developed the "business unionism" theory of labor. Perlman saw craft organizing as a means of resisting the encroachment of waves of immigrants. Organization that was based upon craft skills granted control over access to the job.
While craft unions provided a good defense for the privileges of membership, conventions such as time-limited contracts and pledges not to strike in solidarity with other workers severely limited the ability of craft unions to effect change in society at large, leaving only the ineffectual means granted by a business-dominated elite society, i.e. electoral politics, lobbying congress and a newly enfeebled economic weapon, the injunction-circumscribed strike. However, the AFL embraced this "businesslike" and "pragmatic" worldview, adopting the motto "A fair day's wage for a fair day's work".
The AFL outlived the class consciousness of its own founding Preamble, but the IWW embraced the goal of abolishing wage slavery. In 1908, the IWW responded to what it considered the AFL's class collaborationist tendencies with new wording in the IWW Preamble: Instead of the conservative motto, "A fair day's wage for a fair day's work," we must inscribe upon our banner the revolutionary watchword, "Abolition of the wage system." [...] The army of production must be organized, not only for the every-day struggle with capitalists, but also to carry on production when capitalism shall have been overthrown.
The IWW saw itself as the answer to the conservatism of the AFL. The IWW developed a variety of creative tactics in its effort to "build a new world within the shell of the old". Because the AFL declined to act as an ally in such a cause, the Wobblies sought to develop solidarity with all rank and file workers while criticizing or spoofing AFL union leadership. AFL union "bosses" were (and still are) referred to by the Wobblies as "piecards". To the IWW, all the union bureaucracy of the AFL functioned pretty much as a "labor aristocracy". In that regard, the IWW's views have not changed much over the years.
Mainstream unions have evolved, embracing some of the principles of industrial unionism and (in many cases) opening their doors to a greater spectrum of the working class. However, there are many aspects to business unionism that solidarity unionists still find suspect– a tendency to operate as a business, rather than according to "union principles"; enthroning elite hierarchies of leadership which are not easily recalled by the membership; deriving significant income from the sale of insurance or credit cards, arguably leading to conflicts of interest; union leadership compensation levels that are closer to those of corporate executives than of rank and file workers; top-down decision making; and building relationships with the leadership of corporations or political parties that the rank and file may view with suspicion.
All union movements function in some fashion to raise up workers in social/economic status and/or in union privilege. The significant difference between a union movement with a labor aristocracy and a union movement based upon class solidarity is how and to what extent the structure, bureaucracy and in particular policies and practices of that union movement function, either to leave that level of increased privilege as the status quo, or to recognize the necessity of building structural relationships, promoting education and engaging in solidarity activities with the specific intention of translating gains into an effort to enhance the status of all working people.
See also
Leninism
Third-Worldism
Stakhanovism
Notes
Marxian economics
American Federation of Labor
The Golgi tendon reflex
(also called inverse stretch reflex, autogenic inhibition, tendon reflex)
is an inhibitory effect on the muscle resulting from the muscle tension stimulating Golgi tendon organs (GTO) of the muscle, and hence it is self-induced. The reflex arc is a negative feedback mechanism preventing too much tension on the muscle and tendon. When the tension is extreme, the inhibition can be so great it overcomes the excitatory effects on the muscle's alpha motoneurons causing the muscle to suddenly relax.
This reflex is also called the inverse myotatic reflex, because it is the inverse of the stretch reflex.
GTOs' inhibitory effects come from their reflex arcs: the Ib sensory fibers that are sent through the dorsal root into the spinal cord to synapse on Ib inhibitory interneurons that in turn terminate directly on the motor neurons that innervate the same muscle. The fibers also make direct excitatory synapses onto motoneurons that innervate the antagonist muscle.
Note that the disynaptic reflex pathway does not always have inhibitory effects: under certain conditions, GTO stimulation can result in motoneuron excitation.
Besides protecting against too much tension on the muscle and tendon, the tendon reflex may help spread muscle load throughout the muscle fibers, thereby preventing damage to isolated fibers.
Whereas the stretch reflex regulates muscle length, the tendon reflex helps regulate muscle force.
It helps maintain steady levels of tension and stable joints to counteract effects that reduce muscle force (such as fatigue).
Because the Ib inhibitory interneurons receive convergent multisensory inputs and descending pathways, they may allow fine control of muscle forces, and may be better at protective functions.
Also, because the Ib fibers connect widely with the motoneurons innervating muscles working on different joints, the Golgi tendon reflex forms part of reflex networks that control movements of the whole limb.
Protective function, autogenic inhibition, and others
The Golgi tendon reflex operates as a protective feedback mechanism to control the tension of an active muscle by causing relaxation before the tendon tension becomes high enough to cause damage.
First, as a load is placed on the muscle, the afferent neuron from the Golgi tendon organ fires into the central nervous system.
Second, the motor neuron from the spinal cord is inhibited via an IPSP and muscle relaxes.
Because the Ib inhibitory interneurons receive convergent descending pathways and multisensory inputsincluding cutaneous receptors, muscle spindles, and joint receptors, they can provide better protection, such as when the joint receptors are signaling joint hyperextension or hyperflexion.
Autogenic inhibition refers to a reduction in excitability of a contracting or stretched muscle, that in the past has been solely attributed to the increased inhibitory input arising from Golgi tendon organs (GTOs) within the same muscle. It was first thought GTOs only had protective function which was to prevent muscles from damages because of the assumptions that they always inhibited motoneurons and that they fired only under high tension. But it is now known that GTOs signal muscle tension continuously providing precise information about muscle force, that the reflex pathway has multisensory inputs that may allow precise control of muscle forces for fine activities, and that Ib fibers connect widely with motoneurons innervating muscles acting on different joints, which when complemented with their reflex pathways, are part of reflex networks that control movements of the whole limbs.
The reduced efferent (motor) drive to the muscle by way of autogenic inhibition is a factor historically believed to assist target muscle elongation, although current literature casts doubt on this hypothesis.
Protective steps
With muscle tension, a Golgi tendon reflex operates as follows:
As tension is applied to a tendon, the Golgi tendon organ (sensor) is stimulated (depolarized)
Nerve impulses (action potentials) arise and propagate along sensory fiber Ib into the spinal cord
Within the spinal cord (integrating center), sensory fiber Ib synapses with and activates (via glutamate) an inhibitory interneuron
The inhibitory interneuron releases the neurotransmitter glycine that inhibits (hyperpolarizes) the α motor neuron
As a consequence fewer nerve impulses are generated in the α motor neuron
The muscle relaxes and excess tension is relieved
Flexibilities
The output of the Ib inhibitory interneurons are flexible because they receive inputs from golgi tendon organs, muscle spindles, cutaneous receptors, joint receptors, and different descending pathways.
The multiple sensory/control inputs may allow fine motor activities, such as grasping a delicate object, in which other senses may guide force control.
In addition, stimulating GTO doesn't always inhibit motor neurons, because during activities such as walking, the Ib inhibitory interneurons are inhibited, and Ib excitatory interneurons stimulate the motoneurons.
Contrast to stretch reflex
The stretch reflex operates as a feedback mechanism to control muscle length by causing muscle contraction. In contrast, the tendon reflex operates as a negative feedback mechanism to control muscle tension. Although the tendon reflex is less sensitive than the stretch reflex, it can override the stretch reflex when tension is great, for example, causing a person to drop a very heavy weight. Like the stretch reflex, the tendon reflex is ipsilateral. The sensory receptors for this reflex are called tendon Golgi receptors, which lie within a tendon near its junction with a muscle. In contrast to muscle spindles, which are sensitive to changes in muscle length, tendon organs detect and respond to changes in muscle tension that are caused by muscular contraction, but not passive stretch.
Pathology
Upper motor neuron lesions which damage the descending pathways down to the spinal cord may cause increase in muscle tone, partly because alpha motoneurons respond more to muscle spindle afferent inputs. These causes increased resistance to passive movement (that the patient doesn't initiate), called spasticity, which is associated with another neurological sign, the clasp-knife response, in which the spastic muscle initially resists passive movement strongly, and then suddenly yieldslike the motion of a pocketknife. The increased initial resistance comes from the stretch reflex hyperactivity, and the sudden collapse may involve the Golgi tendon reflex.
The response is also known as the lengthening reaction because of the spastic muscle's reaction to lengthening.
See also
H-reflex
Motor control
Reflex action
References
Other references
Reflexes
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the Book of Mormon:
The Book of Mormon is a sacred text of the Latter Day Saint movement, which adherents believe contains writings of ancient prophets who lived on the American continent from approximately 2200 BC to AD 421. It was first published in March 1830 by Joseph Smith as The Book of Mormon: An Account Written by the Hand of Mormon upon Plates Taken from the Plates of Nephi.
What type of thing is the Book of Mormon?
The Book of Mormon can be described as all of the following:
Scripture –
Revelation (Latter Day Saints) –
Standard works –
Latter Day Saint movement and engraved metal plates –
Literature –
Book –
Books of the Book of Mormon
Small Plates of Nephi
First Book of Nephi
Second Book of Nephi
Book of Jacob
Book of Enos
Book of Jarom
Book of Omni
Words of Mormon
Mormon's abridgment of the Large Plates of Nephi
Book of Mosiah
Book of Alma
Book of Helaman
Third Nephi
Fourth Nephi
Book of Mormon
Book of Ether
Book of Moroni
Historicity of Book of Mormon
Historical authenticity of the Book of Mormon
Archaeology and the Book of Mormon
Linguistics and the Book of Mormon
Book of Mormon anachronisms
Genetics and the Book of Mormon
Limited geography model
Proposed Book of Mormon geographical setting
Origin of Book of Mormon
Origin of the Book of Mormon
Golden plates
Book of Mormon witnesses
Three Witnesses
Eight Witnesses
Angel Moroni
Anthon Transcript
Reformed Egyptian
Spalding–Rigdon theory of Book of Mormon authorship
The Book of Mormon and the King James Bible
View of the Hebrews
Lost 116 pages
Mosiah priority
Book of Mormon witnesses
Main article
Book of Mormon witnesses
Three Witnesses
Three Witnesses
Oliver Cowdery
Martin Harris (Latter Day Saints)
David Whitmer
Church of Christ (Whitmerite)
Eight Witnesses
Eight Witnesses
Christian Whitmer
Jacob Whitmer
Peter Whitmer Jr.
John Whitmer
Hiram Page
Joseph Smith Sr.
Hyrum Smith
Samuel H. Smith (Latter Day Saints)
Another Witness
Mary Whitmer
Prophets and People
Prophets
List of Book of Mormon prophets
Lehi
Nephi
Jacob
Enos
Jarom
Omni
Amaron
Chemish
Abinadom
Amaleki
King Benjamin
Mosiah
Abinadi
Alma the Elder
Alma the Younger
Sons of Mosiah
Omner
Himni
Amulek
Zeezrom
Helaman
Shiblon
Helaman II
Nephi
Lehi
Samuel the Lamanite
Nephi
Timothy
Nephi, son of Nephi the Disciple
Mathoni
Mathonihah
Kumen
Kumenonhi
Shemnon
Amos
Amos II
Ammaron
Mormon
Moroni
Mahonri Moriancumer
Ether
People
List of Book of Mormon people
Aaron (Lamanite)
Aaron (Nephite)
Abinadom
Abish (Book of Mormon)
Aha (Book of Mormon)
Akish
Amaleki
Amaleki (Book of Mormon explorer)
Amalickiah
Amaron
Aminadab
Aminadi
Amlici
Ammah (Book of Mormon)
Ammaron
Ammon (Book of Mormon explorer)
Ammon (Book of Mormon missionary)
Ammoron
Amoron
Amos, son of Amos
Amos, son of Nephi
Amulek
Amulon
Antiomno
Antionah
Antionum
Antipus
Cezoram
Chemish
Gazelem
Gid (Book of Mormon)
Gideon (Book of Mormon)
Hagoth
Helaman, son of Helaman
Himni
Ishmael (Book of Mormon)
Jared (founder of Jaredites)
Joseph (Book of Mormon)
King Mosiah I
King Mosiah II
King Noah
Korihor
Laban (Book of Mormon)
Lachoneus
Laman and Lemuel
Lamoni
Limhi
Moron (Book of Mormon)
Captain Moroni
Moronihah
Mulek
Nehor
Omner
Omni (Book of Mormon record keeper)
Paanchi (Book of Mormon)
Pahoran
Sam (Book of Mormon)
Sariah
Shiblon
Shiz
Sons of Mosiah
Teancum
Zedekiah
Zeezrom
Zeniff
Zenos
Zeram, Amnor, Manti, and Limher
Zoram
Book of Mormon rulers
Jaredite kings
Groups
List of Book of Mormon groups
Amlicites
Amalekites
Amulonites
Anti-Nephi-Lehies, or People of Ammon
Gadianton robbers
Gentile
Hagoth, People of
Ishmaelites
Jaredites
King-men
Lamanites
Lemuelites
Mulekites
Nephites
Order of the Nehors
Stripling Warriors'Zarahemla
Zeniff, People of
Zoramites
Places
List of Book of Mormon places
City of Aaron
Ablom
Plains of Agosh
Wilderness of Akish
Valley of Alma
City of Ammonihah
Hill Amnihu
Land of Amulon
Angola
Ani-Anti
Land of Antionum
Antiparah
Mount Antipas
Boaz
City of Bountiful (Book of Mormon)
Hill Comnor
City of Cumeni
Cumorah
Desolation
Land of first inheritance
Lehi-Nephi
Valley of Lemuel
Waters of Mormon
Land of Moron
Nahom
Narrow neck of land
Narrow strip of wilderness
City of Nephi
Land northward
Hill Shim
River Sidon
Land Southward
Zarahemla
Book of Mormon words and phrases
Curelom and cumom
Deseret (Book of Mormon)
God Loveth Their Children
Great and abominable church
Liahona (Book of Mormon)
Parable of the Olive Tree
Rameumptom
Record of the Nephites
Secret combination (Latter Day Saints)
Three Nephites
Tree of life vision
Ziff (Book of Mormon)
Plan of salvation (Latter Day Saints)
Spirit world (Latter Day Saints)
Book of Mormon artifacts
The Joseph Smith Papers
Latter Day Saint movement and engraved metal plates
List of plates in Mormonism
List of references to seer stones in the Latter Day Saint movement history
Lost 116 pages
Urim and Thummim (Latter Day Saints)
Organizations that study the Book of Mormon
Foundation for Ancient Research and Mormon Studies
FAIR (Faithful Answers, Informed Response)
Interpreter Foundation
John Whitmer Historical Association
Neal A. Maxwell Institute for Religious Scholarship
Religious Studies Center
Publications about the Book of Mormon Dialogue: A Journal of Mormon ThoughtInternational Journal of Mormon StudiesInterpreter: A Journal of Latter-day Saint Faith and ScholarshipJournal of Book of Mormon StudiesMormon Studies Review (journal)Studies of the Book of Mormon (book of essays)
Sunstone (magazine)
Book of Mormon scholars
Paul R. Cheesman
Terryl Givens
Grant Hardy
Brent Metcalfe
Hugh Nibley
Daniel C. Peterson
B. H. Roberts
Janne M. Sjödahl
Royal Skousen
John L. Sorenson
Sidney B. Sperry
Dan Vogel
Films about the Book of Mormon
LDS Church filmsHow Rare a Possession''
Book of Mormon Videos
LDS cinema
The Book of Mormon Movie, Vol. 1: The Journey
Passage to Zarahemla
List of denominations in the Latter Day Saint movement
Main article
List of denominations in the Latter Day Saint movement
Original church within movement
Church of Christ
Churches that separated from Smith's organization prior to 1844
Pure Church of Christ
True Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints
Lineage of Brigham Young
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
LDS-derived churches upholding polygamy after the Manifesto of 1890
Council of Friends
Latter Day Church of Christ (Kingston Group)
Apostolic United Brethren (AUB)
Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints (FLDS)
Church of the Firstborn of the Fulness of Times (LeBaron order)
Church of Jesus Christ in Solemn Assembly
Church of the First Born of the Lamb of God (Ervil LeBaron)
Church of the New Covenant in Christ
Righteous Branch of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Peterson Group)
School of the Prophets
Centennial Park
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and the Kingdom of God (Naylor group)
True and Living Church of Jesus Christ of Saints of the Last Days (TLC)
The Church of the Firstborn and the General Assembly of Heaven
Church of Jesus Christ (Original Doctrine) Inc. (Blackmore Group)
Left-of-center LDS-derived churches
The Church of Zion (Godbeites)
United Order Family of Christ
Restoration Church of Jesus Christ
Additional churches claiming lineage through Brigham Young and/or founded in the U.S. Intermountain West
Church of the Potter Christ
Church of the Firstborn (Morrisite)
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Gibsonite)
Kingdom of Heaven
Church of Jesus Christ of Saints of the Most High
Order of Enoch
Third Convention
House of Aaron
Zion's Order, Inc.
Perfected Church of Jesus Christ of Immaculate Latter-day Saints
Church of Jesus Christ (Bullaite)
Latter Day Church of Jesus Christ
Reorganized Church and other followers of Joseph Smith III ("Josephites")
Community of Christ (formerly the RLDS)
Church of the Christian Brotherhood
Church of Jesus Christ Restored
Church of Jesus Christ (Toneyite)
Independent RLDS / Restoration Branches
Church of Jesus Christ Restored 1830
Church of Christ
Church of Jesus Christ (Zion's Branch)
Lundgren Group
Restoration Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints
Remnant Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints
Followers of Granville Hedrick ("Hedrickites")
Church of Christ (Temple Lot)
Church of Christ (Fettingite)
Church of Christ at Halley's Bluff
Church of Christ (Restored)
Church of Christ With the Elijah Message
Church of Christ (Hancock)
Church of Christ
Church of Israel
The Church of Christ With the Elijah Message, The Assured Way of the Lord, Inc.
Followers of Sidney Rigdon or William Bickerton ("Bickertonites")
Church of Jesus Christ of the Children of Zion
The Church of Jesus Christ (Bickertonite)
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ (Bickertonite)
Primitive Church of Jesus Christ (Bickertonite)
Followers of Alpheus Cutler ("Cutlerites")
Church of Jesus Christ (Cutlerite)
True Church of Jesus Christ (Cutlerite)
Restored Church of Jesus Christ
Followers of James J. Strang ("Strangites")
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints (Strangite)
Holy Church of Jesus Christ
Church of Jesus Christ (Drewite)
True Church of Jesus Christ Restored
Spontaneous or unknown lineage
Independent Latter Day Saint congregations in Nigeria
Independent Latter Day Saint congregations in Ghana
Apostolic Divine Church of Ghana
See also
Index of articles related to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Outline of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Outline of Joseph Smith
Reformed Egyptian
References
Further reading
External links
Interactive reading
Book of Mormon Online
Historic versions
Facsimile of the 1830 edition
RLDS 1908 Book of Mormon (RLDS chapters and numbering)
The Book of Mormon; An Account Written By the Hand of Mormon Upon Plates Taken From the Plates of Nephi. From the Collections at the Library of Congress
Videos
1
Book of Mormon
Book of Mormon
Book of Mormon studies
The Rusch Botanical Gardens 2 acres (8,000 m2) are located at 7801 Auburn Boulevard in Citrus Heights, California, United States within Rusch Park. The Rusch Home site dates back to 1858. Originally Gardens were laid out in 1916. Now gardens are a State Site of Historical Interest. Gardens open daily, dawn to dusk.
Collection
Gardens represent seven biomes of California and are featuring rose, herb, citrus, and African plants.
See also
List of botanical gardens in the United States
References
Botanical gardens in California
Citrus Heights, California
Parks in Sacramento County, California
Riverside Cemetery is a cemetery located in Jackson, Tennessee. It is located few blocks south of the Madison County Courthouse, separated from Riverside Drive by a five-foot-high red brick wall.
The City of Jackson established Riverside Cemetery in 1824 to replace the original municipal graveyard founded a few years earlier. Most remains from the earlier cemetery were reinterred at Riverside, either when it opened or in 1871–72. The oldest legible marker is for Mary Jane Butler (died 1824). Riverside Cemetery holds approximately 4,000 graves, but only 3,000 markers remain. It is estimated that there are 200 unmarked burials, including approximately 100 Confederate soldiers who died during the war, plus slaves buried prior to 1865. Riverside continues to accept a limited number of burials from families whose plots have space.
Riverside Cemetery was listed in the National Register of Historic Places on 9 May 2003.
See also
List of cemeteries in Tennessee.
References
External links
Riverside Cemetery - history
Tombstone Inscriptions in Historic Riverside Cemetery in Jackson Tennessee
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Tennessee
Cemeteries in Tennessee
Jackson, Tennessee
1824 establishments in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places in Madison County, Tennessee
Polypharmacology is the design or use of pharmaceutical agents that act on multiple targets or disease pathways.
Despite scientific advancements and an increase of global R&D spending, drugs are frequently withdrawn from markets. This is primarily due to their side effects or toxicities. Drug molecules often interact with multiple targets and the unintended drug-target interactions can cause side effects. Polypharmacology remains to be one of the major challenges in drug development, and it opens novel avenues to rationally design the next generation of more effective but less toxic therapeutic agents. Polypharmacology suggests that more effective drugs can be developed by specifically modulating multiple targets. It is generally thought that complex diseases such as cancer and central nervous system diseases may require complex therapeutic approaches. In this respect, a drug that "hits" multiple sensitive nodes belonging to a network of interacting targets offers the potential for higher efficacy and may limit drawbacks generally arising from the use of a single-target drug or a combination of multiple drugs. In contrast, chemical biology continues to be a reductionist discipline, still regarding chemical probes as highly selective small molecules that enable the modulation and study of one specific target. Chemical biology cannot continue to overlook the existence of polypharmacology and its urge to become a more holistic discipline that looks at the use of tool compounds from a systems perspective. The use of chemoproteomics offers strategies to develop a more holistic understanding of the proteome-wide range of targets a drug interacts with.
The primordial idea of polypharmacology was first proposed in 2004 by Bryan Roth. They reasoned that most common central nervous system disorders are polygenic in origin, and attempts to develop more effective treatments for diseases such as schizophrenia and depression by discovering drugs selective for single molecular targets ('magic bullets') have been largely unsuccessful. They therefore proposed a proof of concept that designing selectively non-selective drugs (that is, 'magic shotguns') that interact with several molecular targets will lead to new and more effective medications for a variety of central nervous system disorders. A similar concept was independently proposed in the year of 2006 by Professor Zhiguo Wang who used the term 'single agent–multiple targets' (SAMT) to describe the same principle as 'magic shotguns' and their research team provided the very first experimental evidence for the feasibility, effectiveness and advantages of SAMT, specifically the 'complex decoy oligodeoxynucleotides technology cdODN' attacking multiple target transcription factors, in the treatment of xenograft breast cancer in mice. Subsequently, Wang's team extended the SAMT to designing single agent that can act on multiple miRNAs targeting cancer cells and cardiac pacemaker channel genes and calcium channel genes as a new therapeutic approach. Wang's work is now categorized as 'Epigenetic Polypharmacology' or 'Targeted Polypharmacology', a branch of Polypharmacology. In 2008, Professor Keven Shokat and their colleagues described a single compound that blocks the proliferation of tumor cells by direct inhibition of oncogenic tyrosine kinases and phosphatidylinositol-3-OH kinases and termed it 'multitargeted drug' along with the concept of 'Polypharmacology'. Since then, Polypharmacology has become a new branch of Pharmacology discipline and research field as well as one of the new direction and strategies for drug development.
See also
Chemoproteomics
References
Pharmacology
The 12467 / 12468 Leelan Superfast Express is a Express train of the Indian Railways connecting in Rajasthan and of Rajasthan. It is currently being operated with 12467/12468 train numbers on a daily basis.
Service
The 12467 Leelan Superfast Express has an average speed of 55 km/hr and covers 698 km in 12 hrs 40 mins. 12468 Leelan Superfast Express has an average speed of 55 km/hr and covers 698.8 km in 12 hrs 40 mins.
Route & halts
The important halts of the train are:
Coach composition
The train has standard ICF rakes with max speed of 110 kmph. The train consists of 22 coaches:
1 AC III Tier
1 Sleeper class
2 Second sitting
6 general
2 second-class luggage/parcel van
Traction
Both trains are hauled by an Abu Road Diesel Loco Shed-based WDM-3A diesel locomotive from Jaisalmer to Jaipur Junction, and vice versa.
Now no reversal as it halts at new station of Merta Road i.e., Merta Road Bypass
Rake sharing
The train shares its rake with 14703/14704 Jaisalmer–Lalgarh Express.
See also
Pune Junction railway station
Jaipur Junction railway station
Jaisalmer–Lalgarh Express
References
External links
Leelan SF Express
12468/Leelan SF Express
Transport in Jaipur
Transport in Jaisalmer
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Rajasthan
Named passenger trains of India
Imma cladophragma is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found in Singapore.
The wingspan is 19–20 mm. The forewings are deep ochreous yellow with longitudinal suffused fuscous streaks above and below the middle from near the base to near the middle and a narrow slightly curved fuscous fascia, anteriorly edged with dark leaden metallic, from beyond the middle of the costa to three-fourths of the dorsum, posteriorly with median and supratornal projecting branches not reaching the termen. There is a waved fuscous terminal line, somewhat dilated towards the apex. The hindwings are rather dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Binti is an Africanfuturist science fiction horror novella written by Nnedi Okorafor. The novella was published in 2015 by Tor.com. Binti is the first novella in Okorafor's Binti novella series.
Binti won multiple prominent literary awards, including the 2016 Hugo Award for Best Novella and the 2016 Nebula Award for the same category. A television adaptation is reportedly under development at Hulu.
Plot
A young woman named Binti is the first member of the Himba people from Earth to be accepted into the prestigious intergalactic university Oomza Uni. Upon being notified of their acceptance, Binti runs away from home and boards a transport ship to Oomza Uni. While in transit, the ship is hijacked by the Meduse, a jellyfish-like alien species that was previously at war with the Khoush, another human ethnic group. After the Meduse murder all other inhabitants of the ship, Binti retreats into their private living quarters. They subsequently discover that a piece of ancient technology they had brought with them from Earth, referred to as their edan, enables direct communication with the Meduse, and that their otjize, a type of mixed clay made from the soil of their homeland, has healing properties when applied to the tentacles of the Meduse. They make a friend in one of the younger, more hot-headed Meduse, named Okwu, and subsequently brokers a tentative truce between themselves and the hijacker; the truce entails Binti's profound physical transformation. Upon arrival at the university, they are able to negotiate a short lasting peace between the Meduse and the human race, after which they begin their studies at Oomza Uni in earnest.
Awards and nominations
2016 Hugo Award winner for Best Novella
2015 Nebula Award winner for Best Novella
2016 BookTube SFF Award winner for Best Novella (popular vote)
2015 BSFA Award finalist for Best Short Story
2016 British Fantasy Award finalist for Best Novella
2016 Locus Award finalist for Best Novella
2017 Nommo Award winner for Best Novella
Sequels
The novella has two sequels. The first, Binti: Home, was released on January 31, 2017. The third and final installment, Binti: The Night Masquerade, was released in January 2018, and was nominated for the 2019 Hugo Award for Best Novella. Subsequently, DAW/Penguin/PRH published an omnibus edition of the three novellas with an additional short story titled "Binti: Sacred Fire", which serves as an interlude between Binti and Home.
References
External links
Nigerian science fiction novels
English-language novels
Africanfuturist novels
2015 American novels
American science fiction novels
Tor Books books
Hugo Award for Best Novella winning works
Nebula Award for Best Novella-winning works
Works by Nnedi Okorafor
2015 science fiction novels
2015 Nigerian novels
American novellas
CY-208,243 is a drug which acts as a dopamine agonist selective for the D1 subtype. Unlike most D1-selective agonists, it shows efficacy in animal models of Parkinson's disease.
References
D1-receptor agonists
Ergolines
John Collings (fl. 1328) was an English Member of Parliament. They represented Derby in 1328.
References
Year of birth missing
14th-century deaths
English MPs 1328
Members of the Parliament of England for Derby
Year of death missing
Can Coşkun (born 28 March 1998) is a German-born Turkish footballer who plays for FSV Zwickau.
Career
Club career
After starting out as a youth at Hertha BSC, F.C. Hansa Rostock and Dynamo Dresden, they moved to Regionalliga Nordost club Berliner AK 07 in the summer of 2017, where they also made their first senior appearances. After one season they moved to Regionalliga Bayern club SV Wacker Burghausen. During the following winter break, they moved to SpVgg Greuther Fürth II.
In January 2020 they moved to 3. Liga club FSV Zwickau. Here, they made their first professional appearance when they came on for Nils Miatke in the 54th minute of the game on 25 January 2020, in a 2-1 away win against 1. FC Magdeburg.
References
External links
Living people
1998 births
Association football defenders
German footballers
Turkish footballers
Turkey youth international footballers
Footballers from Berlin
Hertha BSC players
FC Hansa Rostock players
Dynamo Dresden players
Berliner AK 07 players
SV Wacker Burghausen players
SpVgg Greuther Fürth II players
FSV Zwickau players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Stamford Road (Chinese: 史丹福路; ) is a one-way road in Singapore within the planning areas of Downtown Core and Museum. The road continues after the traffic light junction of Nicoll Highway, Esplanade Drive and Raffles Avenue towards Orchard Road. It then ends at the junction of Fort Canning Road, Bencoolen Street and Orchard Road, which it continues to be Orchard Road. Stamford Road is home to several landmarks, including Swissôtel The Stamford and the National Museum of Singapore.
Etymology and history
Stamford Road was named after the modern founder of Singapore, Thomas Stamford Raffles. It was formerly known as Hospital Street. In Hokkien, it was formerly known as lau chui khe or "flowing water road", due to the high tide, the now covered up Stamford Canal overflowed its banks. The road used to house the Saint Andrew's School from the late 19th century till 1941 when it moved to Woodsville Hill. The site was taken by the now demolished National Library in 1960 until it was demolished in 2005 to make way for the new Fort Canning Tunnel.
Landmarks
This is a list of landmarks, from east to west.
Civilian War Memorial
Saint Andrew's Cathedral
Raffles City and Swissôtel The Stamford
City Hall MRT station
SMRT Headquarters Building
Capitol Building
CHIJMES
Stamford House
Stamford Court
Singapore Management University
National Museum of Singapore
Vanguard Building
MPH Building - located at corner of Stamford Road and Armenian Street - former site of Methodist Publishing Press and MPH Bookstore
References
Victor R Savage, Brenda S A Yeoh (2004), Toponymics - A Study of Singapore Street Names, Eastern University Press,
Roads in Singapore
Downtown Core (Singapore)
Museum Planning Area
Cecil Charles Windsor Aldin (28 April 1870 – 6 January 1935), was a British artist and illustrator best known for their paintings and sketches of animals, sports, and rural life. Aldin executed village scenes and rural buildings in chalk, pencil and also wash sketching. They were an enthusiastic sportsman and a Master of Fox Hounds, and many of their pictures illustrated hunting. Aldin's early influences included Randolph Caldecott and John Leech.
Early life and career
Born in Slough, Aldin was educated at Eastbourne College and Solihull Grammar School. Cecil Aldin's father, a builder, was a keen amateur artist so Cecil started drawing at a very young age. They studied art at the studio of Albert Joseph Moore in Kensington but, unhappy with the teaching methods Aldin left after a month to study animal anatomy at the National Art Training School in South Kensington. After this they attended a summer school run by the animal painter and teacher, William Frank Calderon at Midhurst, Sussex. Aldin left when they developed rheumatic fever but shortly afterwards they sold their first drawing, which appeared in The Building News of 12 September 1890. This was followed by a dog show picture purchased by The Graphic in 1891. They rented a studio in Chelsea and in 1892 they began a long association with The Illustrated London News. Whilst at Chelsea they would often draw in the London Zoological Gardens and an early work on a tiger in the zoo which was drawn from life was found to be a copyright of a photograph by Gambier Bolton. They also did some work for Cadbury's advertising. Aldin was commissioned by The Pall Mall Budget in 1894 to illustrate the serialisation of stories from Rudyard Kipling's The Second Jungle Book.
At the invitation of the fine genre painter, Walter Dendy Sadler Aldin stayed at Chiddingstone where they made close friends with Phil May, John Hassall and Lance Thackeray and along with them, Dudley Hardy and Tom Browne, founded the London Sketch Club.
The birth of their son and daughter inspired a series of nursery pictures which together with their large sets of the Fallowfield Hunt, Bluemarket Races, Harefield Harriers and Cottesbrook Hunt prints brought them much popularity. This was enhanced by their ever expanding book and magazine illustrative work. They joined the Chelsea Arts Club and held their first exhibition in Paris in 1908. An exhibition in Paris in 1909 was received with much acclaim and extended their fame to a wider audience. They illustrated the 1910 edition of Charles Dickens' The Pickwick Papers. A popular book by Aldin was Sleeping Partners, a sequence of pastel drawings of their dogs on a couch. It included their Irish Wolfhound Micky, a puppy they purchased from Florence Nagle as a gift for their wife, and their favourite model, Cracker, a Bull Terrier with a dark patch over one eye. Aldin moved to the Henley area as their interest in hunting, horses and dogs increased and in 1910 they became Master of the South Berkshire Hunt as well as being associated with other local packs. They lived at The Abbots, Sulhamstead Abbots from 1913 to 1914 and was church warden of St Mary's church.
World War One
At the outbreak of the First World War Aldin was the sole Master of the South Berkshire Foxhounds and became a Remount Purchasing Officer in charge of an Army Remount Depot. A number of other artists, including Lionel Edwards, Alfred Munnings G.D. Armour and Cedric Morris, also worked in Remount Depots during the War. Such was the military demand for horses Aldins' own mounts were among the first to be given up to the Army. Aldin set up a number of Remount Depots around Berkshire including, as an experiment, one run entirely by women as there were no longer enough men available for the work. The experiment was deemed successful and a number of Ladies' Army Remount Depots were established. This brought Aldin to the attention of the Women's Work Sub-Committee of the newly formed Imperial War Museum who, in February 1919, asked to purchase two of their wartime paintings. Women Employed in the Remount Depot, The Kennels, Pangbourne was duly purchased but Aldin was unwilling to release the second picture requested. The original of A Land Girl Ploughing, a realistic portrayal of a lone Land Girl guiding two large horses, had been done on old, re-used canvas using leftover scene paint and, in Aldin's view, was not suitable for a national collection. They agreed to replicate the painting with better quality materials and a member of the Women's Land Army was sent to their studio in Pangbourne to model as the plough girl, and ensure all the details of the uniform were correct. The painting is considered among the most iconic images of the work of the Women's Land Army from World War One. Aldin lost their son, Dudley at Vimy Ridge in 1917, which affected them deeply for many years and had a profound effect on their style of work.
Later life
After the war Aldin spent much of their time organising pony and dog shows, particularly in Exmoor, where they followed the Devon and Somerset Staghounds. They continued to paint, often large equestrian portraits and completed numerous magazine and book illustrations. In the 1920s they added further prints of hunting scenes to create a series of "The Hunting Countries" as well as concentrating on their every popular studies of their own and visiting dogs. They published a short series of fully illustrated books in 1923, Old Manor Houses and Old Inns. A series of prints depicting Old Inns, Old Manor Houses and Cathedrals was also created.
In 1930 Aldin retired to live in the Balearic Islands, hoping the warmer climate would ease their arthritis. They lived in Palma and elsewhere on Mallorca while continuing to paint and etch, producing some of their best work, including illustrations for The Bunch Book (1932), about Bunch, a Sealyham Terrier by James Douglas. Travelling back to England for a visit in January 1935 they suffered a heart attack whilst still at sea. When their ship docked, Aldin was rushed to the London Clinic but could not be saved.
Gallery
Bibliography
Hutchinson, H. N. Prehistoric Man and Beast (London: Smith Elder, 1896)
Praed, W. Every-day Characters (London: Kegan Paul, 1896)
Buckland, J. Two Little Runaways (London: Longmans, 1898)
Spurr, H. A. A. Cockney in Arcadia (London: Allen, 1899)
Aldin, C. C. W. Two Well-worn Shoe Stories (London: Sands, 1899)
The Cecil Aldin hunting diary (1900)
Whyte-Melville, G. J. Roy's Wife (London: Thacker, 1900)
Hayward, G. M. The Other One (London: Pearson, 1901)
Aldin, C. C. W. Ten Little Puppy Dogs (London: Sands, 1902)
Emanuel, W. A Dog Day (London: William Heinemann, 1902)
Aldin, C. C. W. A Sporting Garland, Sands, 1902)
Emanuel, W. The Snob (London: Lawrence & Bullen, 1904)
Aldin, C. C. W. A Gay Dog (London: William Heinemann, 1905)
Emanuel, W. The Dogs of War (London: Bradbury, 1906)
Heiberg, Neils. White-ear and Peter: the story of a fox and a fox-terrier (London: Macmillan, 1912).
Byron, May. Cecil Aldin's merry party (London: Henry Frowde, Hodder and Stoughton, 1913).
Maeterlinck, Maurice. My Dog (London: G. Allen, 1913).
Waylett, Richard. The Doggie Book (New York: E.P. Dutton & Co., [1913]).
Sewell, Anna. Black Beauty: the autobiography of a horse (London: Boots the Chemists, 1916).
Emanuel, Walter Lewis. A dog day; or, The angel in the house (New York: E. P. Dutton & co., 1919).
Aldin, C. Old Inns (London: Heinemann, 1921)
Aldin, C. Old manor houses (London: W. Heinemann, 1920)
Aldin, C. Cathedrals of England (London Eyre & Spottiswoode, 1924)
Hare, Kenneth. Roads and vagabonds (London Eyre & Spottiswoode, 1930)
Aldin, C. Time I Was Dead: Pages from My Autobiography (C. Scribner's sons, 1934)
References
Further reading
Heron, Roy. Cecil Aldin, the Story of a Sporting Artist (Henry Holt & Company, 1982)
External links
My favourite artist - Cecil Aldin (Sundial Antiques)
More info on Cecil Aldin can be found at Victoria Gallery
Cecil Aldin biography (Jonathan Poole Gallery)
Digitized works created by Cecil Aldin in the Biodiversity Heritage Library
1870 births
1935 deaths
20th-century English painters
English male painters
British war artists
Dog artists
English illustrators
Equine artists
Masters of foxhounds in England
People educated at Solihull School
People educated at Eastbourne College
World War I artists
20th-century English male artists
The 2021 Jacksonville Dolphins baseball team represents Jacksonville University during the 2021 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Dolphins play their home games at John Sessions Stadium as a member of the Atlantic Sun Conference They are led by head coach Chris Hayes, in their fifth year as head coach.
Previous season
The 2020 Jacksonville Dolphins baseball team notched a 9–9 (0–0) regular-season record. The season prematurely ended on March 12, 2020, due to concerns over the COVID-19 pandemic.
Columbia Regional
References
2021 ASUN Conference baseball season
2021
2021 in sports in Florida
Jacksonville Dolphins
Doreen Cronin (born 1966) is an American writer of children's books, including Click Clack Moo: Cows That Type, a very well-received picture book illustrated by Betsy Lewin.
Life
Born in Queens, New York and growing up on Long Island, Cronin's first book was published by Simon & Schuster in 2000: Click Clack Moo: Cows That Type, a picture book that they wrote and Betsy Lewin illustrated. They completed law school and the book at around the same time. Illustrator Lewin was a runner-up for the annual Caldecott Medal.
Cronin lives in Brooklyn with their two children.
Works
Click, Clack, Moo: cows that type (Simon & Schuster, 2000), illustrated by Betsy Lewin
Giggle, Giggle, Quack (S&S, 2002), ill. Lewin
Diary of a Worm (Joanna Cotler Books, 2003), ill. Harry Bliss
Duck For President (S&S, 2004), ill. Lewin
Diary of a Spider (2005), ill. Bliss
Wiggle (2005), ill. Scott Menchin
Click, Clack, Quackity-Quack: an alphabetical adventure (2005), ill. Lewin
Click, Clack, Splish, Splash: a counting adventure (2006), ill. Lewin
Dooby Dooby Moo (Atheneum Books, S&S, 2006), ill. Lewin – sequel to Click, Clack, Moo
Bounce (2007), ill. Menchin
Diary of a Fly (2007), ill. Bliss
Thump, Quack, Moo: a whacky adventure (2008), ill. Lewin
Busy Day at the Farm (2009), ill. Lewin
Stretch (2009), ill. Menchin
Rescue Bunnies (2010), ill. Menchin
M.O.M. (Mom Operating Manual) (Atheneum, 2011), ill. Laura Cornell
—54 pages; ages 4–8; "A guide to the care and maintenance of mothers, who are, according to the manual, "the most advanced human models on the planet."
Trouble with Chickens: a J.J. Tully mystery (Balzer & Bray, 2011), ill. Kevin Cornell
—119 pages; interest level ages 8–12; mystery featuring "a hard-bitten former search-and-rescue dog"
Legend of Diamond Lil: a J.J. Tully mystery (2012), ill. K. Cornell
Click, clack, boo!: a tricky treat (2013), ill. Lewin
Boom, Snot, Twitty (Penguin Group, 2014), ill. Renata Liwska
Nat the Gnat (2014), ill. Bliss
Chicken Squad Case #1: Full House (Atheneum, 2014), ill. K. Cornell
Click, Clack, Peep (2015), ill. Lewin
Cyclone (2017)
References
External links
Interview by Booksense
1966 births
Living people
American children's writers
American women children's writers
Date of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Gregory H. Razran (4 June 1901, in Slutsk – 31 August 1973, in St Petersburg, Florida) was a Russian American expert on Russian psychological research. They left Russia in 1920 and studied at Columbia University gaining a doctorate in 1933. They moved to Queens College, City University of New York in 1940 where they became a professor and headed the Psychology department there from 1945 to 1966. They received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1948.
Razran regarded the work of Ivan Pavlov as a "Trojan horse" in the Soviet Union, incompatible with Marxism-Leninism. In 1950 they published a short piece about the Soviet behaviourist, Emmanuil Enchmen, a loyal Stalinist whose scientific views had been proscribed since 1923.
In 1964 Razran was prominently featured in an article on Dermo-optical perception, a discredited phenomenon which has not been demonstrated scientifically. This reviewed the research of Abram S. Novomeysky into the abilities of Rosa Kuleshova. Razran declared that "there is no longer any doubt in their mind that this work was valid." In fact Razran was quite excited about the research: "In all my years, I can't remember when anything has had me more excited than this prospect of opening up new doors of perception." Complaining that they were too excited to sleep at night, they opined that this was a "major scientific breakthrough" which would lead to an "explosive outburst of research" whose results were "bound to be revolutionary". Razran was keen to return to Queens College, City University of New York, where they were a professor and planned to carry out further research in this area himself.
They moved to St Petersburg, Florida where they were professor at Eckerd College. They drowned while swimming at the age of 72.
References
1901 births
1973 deaths
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United States
20th-century American psychologists
Peder Moos (27 January 1906, in Sønderborg – 1 April 1991, in Tønder) was a Danish furniture designer and cabinetmaker who crafted nearly all their pieces himself.
The son of a farmer, they attended Askov Højskole, a folk High School, before training as a cabinetmaker in Jutland and later in Copenhagen. From 1926 to 1929, they worked in Paris, Geneva and Lausanne. In 1935, they moved into Bredgade in Copenhagen where they started their own workshop which they maintained for 20 years. They attended evening classes at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts where they studied under Einar Utzon-Franck and Kaare Klint.
Moos designed a bed that could slide in and out of their window so that they could sleep in the fresh air. They worked in a special way, finding the wood they needed themselves and making their furniture before drafting the plans. Their pieces, which were made to order, were unique in their elegance. Their style is reminiscent of art nouveau but more delicate and refined. Working mainly with wood, they would sand their pieces several times with very fine sandpaper, washing them off each time. This resulted in an especially fine finish. In place of nails and screws, they used dowels and wedges in another kind of wood, creating special effects almost like marquetry. They only created some 30 to 40 pieces, but each one is quite distinctive.
Apart from a trolley and a triangular coffee table manufactured by Fritz Hansen, Moos produced all their furniture himself. If customers asked what a piece would cost, they would reply: "If we have to think in terms of price, the result will not be as good as it could be. We'll see how it works out. If you think it is too expensive, I'll hold on to the furniture and sell it to someone else." More often than not, customers who left their furniture behind because they thought it was too expensive would change their minds and pick it up a few weeks later.
In 1956, Moos moved to Funen where they taught at the School of Crafts (Den danske Husflidshøjskole) in Kerteminde. They opened a workshop in Bredebro in the south of Jutland in 1962. Their furniture has been exhibited in Stockholm, the Hague and New York's MoMA. It brings in high prices at auctions, a table with silver rivets selling for a record DKK 445,000 in 2005. In 2015, one of their dining tables were sold for 6 million DKK and in 2016 a stool were sold for DKK 860.000.
See also
Danish modern
Danish design
References
Danish furniture designers
1906 births
1991 deaths
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts alumni
People from Sønderborg Municipality
Warfaze (Bengali: ওয়ারফেইজ) is a Bangladeshi heavy metal band formed in 6 June 1984 in Dhaka by Kamal, Meer, Helal, Naimul, and Bappy. They are one of the early heavy metal bands in Bangladesh. The band had numerous line-up changes since 1984. Since its inception, the band has released seven studio albums, one compilation album, and several singles.
The band has experimented with different sub-genres of rock and heavy metal over the years.
History
First decade and breakthrough – Warfaze and অবাক ভালোবাসা (Obak Bhalobasa) (1984–94)
The first lineup of Warfaze in 1984 consisted of Bappi on vocals, Mir and Naimul on guitars, Kamal on bass, Helal on drums. This initial line-up underwent the first of many changes with Helal, Mir, and Bappi having to leave the band for personal reasons. By that time Kamal met Tipu in early 1986 and Tipu joined Warfaze as the drummer and co-founder. The band was far from breaking through to the mainstream music scene in Bangladesh. Heavy metal music was not much popular in Bangladesh back then.
In 1986, Kamal took up lead guitar duties, Sheikh Monirul Alam Tipu as a drummer, and Kamal and Tipu took Babna Karim as the bassist, and Reshad as the vocalist. This second lineup had to be discontinued when Naimul emigrated to the US. At that time, there were three other Dhaka-based metal bands: Rockstrata, In Dhaka, and Aces. Mashuk Rahman from In Dhaka and Fuad from Aces volunteered to help Warfaze as guest members (guitarist) and Warfaze introduced Keyboard position in the band and Russell took the position. At the time, Warfaze was mostly a cover band, covering bands such as Deep Purple, Whitesnake, Dokken, Iron Maiden or Guns N' Roses.
In 1988, Reshad had left the band for some personal reason and their place was filled by Sunjoy. Kamal had made arrangements for further education in the US by 1991. However, inspired by Maqsud, former vocalist of Feedback, the band performed their own Bangla songs at a concert arranged by BAMBA at the University of Dhaka on 26 April 1992. The band at this concert decided to make a mixed album, but as it turned out Warfaze had enough songs to be able to release a solo album. The band went to release their self-titled album, Warfaze, on 21 June 1991. The album featured the songs "Boshe Achi Eka" and "Ekti Chele". At the time, Bangladeshi music listeners were still new to metal. Any lyrics other than those inspired by romanticism or patriotism were rare. It took several months for the album to gain popularity but later succeeded.
The album was followed up by a concert on 7 January 1992 at the Rawa Club. The next album, Obak Bhalobasha, was released by Sargam in 1994. Obak Bhalobasha featured songs with heavier sounds. Warfaze's sound got developed on this album. Obak Bhalobasha, the titled song from the album was a big hit. This song was composed with soft melodic structures in a progressive way. The song is one of the earliest progressive rock songs in the history of Bangladesh. The song was sung by Babna Karim (Warfaze's bassist), instead of their lead singer, Sunjoy. Obak Bhalobasha is one of the fewest Warfaze's hit songs which weren't sung by their lead singers. Obak Bhalobasha is also one of the longest tracks recorded by Warfaze, spanning for 8 minutes and 37 seconds. After completing Obak Bhalobasha Russel Ali left the band at this stage to start a music career in the United States later that year.
"জীবনধারা (Jibon Dhara)" and "অসামাজিক (Oshamajik)" (1996–1998)
The band released the album Jibondhara in 1996 December, with a line-up of vocal- Sunjoy, guitar- Kamal, bass & vocal- Babna Karim, drums- Tipu, and guest keyboardist Fuad played together on the same album. Iqbal Asif Jewel joined as guest backup vocal and Ruchi backup vocal (guest).
Iqbal Asif Jewel joined as a guitarist and second vocalist from another rock band, Legend. Babna had to leave for their career and study in the U.S.A. therefore they were replaced by Saidus Sumon who played for Oshamajik 1 April 1998. After completing Oshamajik Sunjoy left for their personal career.
Sumon left to pursue a career both as a solo artist with their band Aurthohin and Biju joined replacing Sumon. Iqbal Asif Jewel left the band to join miles. Fuad Ibne Rabbi also left the band for their personal career.
"আলো (Alo)" and "মহারাজ (Moharaj)" (2000–2003)
The band underwent many changes in line-up over the next 8 years. Their guitarist Balam, replaced Iqbal Asif Jewel. Mizan replaced Sunjoy on vocals while Shams became a keyboard player from 1999 and Biju as bass. Tipu and Kamal stood in their position still. This line-up released the album আলো (Light) in 2000.
However, 2002 marked changes in the line-up once again with Mizan leaving the band for personal reasons and Kamal leaving the band for their personal and family issues. Kamal joined Sumon's band Aurthohin in 2006. Balam, who had already sung three notable songs in the album 'Alo' took up vocal & guitar duties as Mizan left and Sazzad was recruited from Metal Maze as the lead guitarist replacing Kamal. Bass player Biju left for Canada for their study and career. All the while, Tipu solely held the band together for its existence and recruited Cézanne as the bassist of the emerging progressive metal band Artcell. Later Balam departed to pursue a solo career as a commercial pop artist.
Kamal rejoined the band in 2007 and the band recruited Oni Hasan from the band Vibe, resulting in a major change in their sound, with neoclassical metal influences especially in live performances.
"পথচলা (Pothchala)" (2009)
Following the release of a compilation album (sponsored by Nokia) which includes re-recorded versions of their songs along with a couple of new singles titled "Tomake" and "Omanush", the band began touring extensively. With a new and stable lineup since 2007 that had stayed together for almost more than 5 years then, the band went on to celebrate their silver jubilee at a gala concert, which featured performances from both past and present members of Warfaze at the Winter Garden, Hotel Sheraton, Dhaka. Tipu announced that a live concert recording album was planned, along with a new studio album which later came out in 2012 titled Shotto.
The band continued to experiment with their sound with the release of a fusion album entitled Somorpon, merging elements of heavy metal with traditional Bangladeshi folk music as a tribute to Hason Raja, Lalon, and Baul Shah Abdul Karim working with Sumon's band Aurthohin and solo artist Habib Wahid. Warfaze tributed the songs of Lalon, Aurthohin tributed the songs of Hason Raja and Habib Wahid tributed the songs of Baul Shah Abdul Karim.
"সত্য (Sotto)" (2012)
Shotto, the new album was released on 21 October 2012 featuring the same line-up as in Poth Chola. Tracks from the album include "Agami", "Na", "Purnota", "Shotto", "Jedin", "Rupkotha", "Jonosrot", and "Projonmo". The album also included an unreleased single from the early 2000s called "Protikkha".
With Oni Hasan taking a break for their studies in the United Kingdom and Kamal recovering from surgeries, the band asked Faisal (from Metal Maze), Samir (from Powersurge), and Shrapnel Method to perform as guest members on live shows.
With Oni playing lead guitar in the band, the sound of the album got significantly changed. Along with Kamal's shredding, Oni's heavy groove metal riffs were introduced. As well as their jaw-dropping dive bombs, whammy pedal uses, melodic fast arpeggiated solos with sweep picking can be heard.
At midnight on 13 February 2013, Warfaze performed at the Projonmo Chattar to show their support for the Shahbag protest in Dhaka, Bangladesh, in demand of capital punishment for Abdul Quader Mollah and all the other accused war criminals of the 1971 Liberation War of Bangladesh. It also marked the return of Kamal with their solos.
In late 2014, Oni Hasan left the band to pursue higher education.
Warfaze has performed their mega reunion Legacy Concert on 30 January 2015 to celebrate 30 years of music-making, The legacy concert took place at Gulnaksha Hall, International Convention City in Bashundhara Residential Area, Dhaka. The celebration has brought together four of its past members – Babna Karim, Sunjoy, Balam, and Romel Ali – with its current line-up on the stage. On their Facebook page on 7 April 2016 they announced that Mizan has left the band. Later they announced Palash Noor as their new vocal.
Musical style and influences
The band has been consistently cited as an inspiration by most active heavy metal artists today in Bangladesh as one of the first bands to introduce metal to Bangladesh. The band used to play cover versions of bands like Iron Maiden, Deep Purple, Whitesnake, Scorpions, Guns N' Roses and Dokken, etc. in their early years. Throughout their career, the band has experimented with multiple genres of Rock & Metal.
Discography
Studio albums
Warfaze (1991)
অবাক ভালোবাসা (Surprising Love) (1994)
জীবন ধারা (Lifestyle) (1996)
অসামাজিক (Unsocial) (1998)
আলো (Light) (2000)
মহারাজ (Emperor) (2003)
পথচলা (Walking Path) (2009)
সত্য (Truth) (2012)
Compilation albums
Best Collection – 4 in 1(1999)
Mixed albums
Dhun – 6 Band Mixed Album (ধুন) (1997)
Hit! Run! Out! (1998)
6 Band "99" '(1999)
Tribute Album- Somorpon'' (সমর্পণ) (28-08-2011)
Members
Present members
Sheikh Monirul Alam Tipu – drums, percussions, Band leader
Ibrahim Ahmed Kamal – lead guitar ; bass
Palash Noor – vocal
Samir Hafiz – lead guitar
Soumen Das – rhythm guitar
Naim Haque Roger – bass guitar
Shams Mansoor Ghani – keyboard
Past members
Sunjoy – vocal
Babna Karim – bass, vocal
Balam – vocal, guitar
Mizan Rahman Mizan – vocal
Iqbal Asif Jewel – guitar, vocal
Sazzad Arefin – guitar
Oni Hasan – guitar
Saidus Sumon – bass guitar, vocal
Biju – bass guitar
Cézanne Ahmed – bass guitar
Russel Ali – keyboard, guitar
Romel Ali – keyboard
Fuad Ibne Rabbi – keyboard, guitar
Helal – drums,
Bappi – vocal
Mir – guitar
Naimul – lead guitar
Reshad – vocal
Timeline
See also
List of hard rock musicians (N–Z)
Music of Bangladesh
References
Musical groups established in 1984
1984 establishments in Bangladesh
Bangladeshi hard rock musical groups
Bangladeshi heavy metal musical groups
Luigi Lavazza S.p.A. (), shortened and stylized as LAVAZZA, is an Italian manufacturer of coffee products. Founded in Turin in 1895 by Luigi Lavazza, it was initially run from a small grocery store at Via San Tommaso 10. The business (Italian: S.p.A.) is currently administered by the third and fourth generations of the Lavazza family.
Coffee
Lavazza imports coffee from around the world, including Brazil, Colombia, Guatemala, Costa Rica, Honduras, Uganda, Indonesia, the United States and Mexico.
Branded as "Italy's Favourite Coffee," the company claims that 16 million out of the 20 million coffee purchasing families in Italy choose Lavazza. Among its offerings today are products such as: Qualità Oro, Qualità Rossa, Club, Caffè Espresso, Il Perfetto Espresso, Caffè Crema, Gran Aroma Bar, Super Crema, Crema e Gusto, Crema e Aroma, Top Class, Grand'Espresso, Dek (decaffeinated), and coffee capsules A Modo Mio, "Espresso Point" and Lavazza Blue.
Lavazza also produces Nespresso Compatible Capsules (NCC).
Sustainability
Sustainable production concerns have led the company to develop the ¡Tierra! project, a sustainable agriculture program in Honduras, Colombia and Peru, that seeks to improve the quality of coffee as well as the environmental and working conditions of those communities.
Fairtrade
Only 1 out of 10 Lavazza production companies have the fairtrade certification according to their 2020 sustainability report.
Retail
The company operates a number of retail coffee shops ("Il Caffè di Roma" and "Espression"). The shops offer traditional coffee drinks as well as whole bean and ground coffee for home use.
Company
Lavazza, established in Turin, Italy, in 1895, has been owned by the family of the same name for four generations. The world's seventh ranking coffee roaster, Lavazza has a market share by sales of over 36% in Italy, 3,800 employees and revenue of €2.24 billion (2019). The company has six production sites, three in Italy and three abroad, and operates through associated companies and distributors in more than 90 countries. Lavazza exports 46% of its production. Lavazza credits itself with inventing the concept of blending, "the art of combining different types of coffee from different geographical areas", in its early years and claims this as a distinctive feature of all its products. The company also has 25 years experience in the production and sale of portioned coffee systems. Today, through ongoing partnerships with an international network of universities and scientific research centers, Lavazza operates four platforms in this segment. In 1979 the company established the "Luigi Lavazza Centre for coffee research" which is "devoted to the study of espresso" and has evolved into the Lavazza Training Centre, a network of over 50 coffee schools worldwide, where 30,000 people receive training each year.
Among the activities promoted by the Lavazza Foundation, established in 2002, is the Tierra project which, in partnership with the Rainforest Alliance, performs research into achieving the "finest end product quality", with a focus on the living conditions of people in coffee producing countries.
Lavazza is the official coffee in the Italian Pavilion at the Expo 2015 in Milan.
Lavazza acquired the Carte Noire and Merrild brands from Jacobs Douwe Egberts in February 2016.
Lavazza purchased an 80% stake in Canadian-based Kicking Horse Coffee in May 2017.
In 2019, with PepsiCo, Lavazza launched canned ready-to-drink cappuccino in Europe.
A lawsuit was filed in 2019 alleging Lavazza brought false intellectual property lawsuits against American resellers on Amazon.com in an attempt to prevent them from reselling products.
Sponsorship
Lavazza became a sponsor of Liverpool F.C. in 2018, and the Williams Racing team in Formula One, as they are a personal sponsor with Canadian Nicholas Latifi.
Also through the agreement reached in September 2020, Lavazza became the official coffee brand used by Juventus F.C.
Offices and manufacturing plants
"Luigi Lavazza S.p.A." is present in over 90 countries with more than 20 offices and manufacturing plants in Italy and in the rest of the world. In Turin, in Via Bologna, was recently inaugurated "Nuvola", the new Lavazza Headquarters. The "Nuvola" project is the work of Cino Zucchi Architetti and is at the heart of the recent qualification of the Aurora district. In addition to Turin, Luigi Lavazza S.p.A. has 12 other European offices and is also present in the United States, Australia, South America, India (with two locations) and Morocco.
Currently, the Lavazza Group includes 21 companies and international offices, including the Turinese Headquarter "Nuvola" and San Tommaso 10, the same old store in Via San Tommaso owned by Luigi Lavazza in the late 1800.
The Lavazza Group has three main manufacturing plants in Italy: Turin, the first historical manufacturing plant; Gattinara, where Lavazza A Modo Mio, Lavazza Espresso Point and Lavazza Blue capsules are produced; and in Pozzilli, where decaffeinated coffee is made for worldwide distribution. Other manufacturing plants are located in France, India, and Brazil.
Calendar
Since 1991, Lavazza has produced the "Lavazza Calendar", featuring fashion photography from some of the world's leading photographers. The calendar is not available for purchase. Contributors have included Annie Leibovitz in 2009, David LaChapelle in 2002, Helmut Newton in 1993 and 1994, Ellen Von Unwerth in 1995, Eugenio Recuenco in 2007, Erwin Olaf in 2005, and Platon in 2018. The calendar has become a showpiece of conceptual fashion photography.
See also
Single-serve coffee container
List of Italian companies
References
External links
Lavazza Official website
Advertising campaigns
Promotional calendars
Coffee brands
Food and drink companies established in 1895
Italian companies established in 1895
Coffee companies of Italy
Privately held companies of Italy
Manufacturing companies based in Turin
Companies based in Turin
Italian brands
{{Infobox rail service
| name = Hapa–Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Superfast Express
| image =
| image_width =
| caption =
| type = Superfast
| locale =
| first =| last =
| operator = Northern Railway zone
| ridership =
| start = (HAPA)
| stops = 29
| end = (SDVK)
| distance =
| journeytime = 32 hrs 45 mins
| frequency = Weekly
| class = AC 2 tier, AC 3 tier, Sleeper class, General Unreserved
| seating = No
| sleeping = Yes
| autorack =
| catering = No
| observation =
| entertainment = No
| baggage = Below the seats
| otherfacilities=
| stock = 2
| gauge =
| el =
| trainnumber = 12475/12476
| speed =
| map =
| map_state =
}}
The 12475/12476 Hapa–Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Superfast Express''' is a Superfast train of the Indian Railways connecting in Gujarat and of Jammu and Kashmir. It is currently being operated with 12475/12476 train numbers on a weekly basis.
Coach composition
This train now has new modern LHB rakes replaced by outdated ICF rakes. The train consists of 22 coaches:
2 AC II Tier
5 AC III Tier
10 Sleeper Coaches
1 Pantry Car
2 General
2 End On Generation
Service
The 12475/Hapa–Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Superfast Express has an average speed of 62 km/hr and covers 2059 km in 33 hrs 10 mins.
The 12476/Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra–Hapa Superfast Express has an average speed of 63 km/hr and covers 2059 km in 32 hrs 35 mins.
Route and halts
The important halts of the train are:
Schedule
Traction
Both trains are hauled by a Vatva Loco Shed-based WDM-3A diesel locomotive from Hapa to and from Ahmedabad Junction, it is hauled by a Vadodara Loco Shed-based WAP-4 electric locomotive or by WAP-7 or WAP-4 of Ghaziabad Loco Shed up till Katra and vice versa.
Rake sharing
This train shares its rake with
12471/12472 Swaraj Express
12473/12474 Gandhidham–Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Sarvodaya Express
12477/12478 Jamnagar–Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Superfast Express
See also
Ahmedabad Junction railway station
Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra railway station
Notes
References
External links
12475/Hapa–Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Superfast Express
12476/Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra–Hapa Superfast Express
Transport in Jamnagar
Transport in Katra, Jammu and Kashmir
Express trains in India
Rail transport in Madhya Pradesh
Rail transport in Gujarat
Rail transport in Rajasthan
Rail transport in Delhi
Rail transport in Haryana
Rail transport in Punjab, India
Rail transport in Jammu and Kashmir
Railway services introduced in 1990
Qieding District (or Jiading; ) is a coastal suburban district in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.
Name and pronunciation
Etymology
One theory is that it is named for a type of local mangrove. Another is that it derived from a Makattao aboriginal name, written as "Cattia" or "Cattea" by Europeans, meaning "place of many fish" (literally "ten fish"). This was then rendered as Ka-tang-tiāⁿ-á () and Ka-tiāⁿ-á () in Taiwanese Hokkien and also Ka-tiāⁿ () or Ka-têng () with both sets of characters also referring to types of Avicennia (cf. Avicennia marina, ).
Pronunciation and Romanization
Traditionally, the name is pronounced Ka-tiāⁿ in Taiwanese and Jiādìng in Mandarin. Following the 1945 handover of Taiwan, the name was romanized as Chiating via the Wade-Giles system. The later systems MPS II and Tongyong Pinyin yielded Jiading, which is seen on street signs and signs on the district office and the local elementary and junior high schools.
However outside of Jiading, the pronunciation of Qiédìng in Mandarin is common, using an alternate reading of the first Chinese character in the name (; referring to aubergine/eggplant). With the adoption of Hanyu Pinyin for Taiwanese place names in 2009, the name was officially rendered as Qieding by the Ministry of the Interior, but has not achieved uniform implementation. Buses from Kaohsiung and Tainan have the name Romanized with the non-standard "Chieding". The district's website uses several non-standard spellings including "Cieding", "Cheting", and "Chieting".
History
From 1920 to 1945, the district was governed under , Okayama District, Takao Prefecture.
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Qieding was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County. On 25 December 2010, Kaohsiung County merged with Kaohsiung City and Qieding was upgraded to a district of the city.
Administrative divisions
Baiyun Village (白雲里 Mandarin: Báiyún Lǐ; Taiwanese: Pe̍h-hûn Lí)
Baoding Village (保定里 Bǎodìng Lǐ; Pó-tiāⁿ Lí)
Dading Village (大定里 Dàdìng Lǐ; Tāi-tiāⁿ Lí)
Fude Village (福德里 Fúdé Lǐ; Hok-tek Lí)
Guangding Village (光定里 Guāngdìng Lǐ; Kong-tiāⁿ Lí)
Hexie Village (和協里 Héxié Lǐ; Hô-hia̍p Lí)
Jia'an Village (嘉安里 Jiā'ān Lǐ; Ka-an Lí)
Jiaci Village (嘉賜里 Jiācì Lǐ; Ka-sù Lí)
Jiading Village (嘉定里 Jiādìng Lǐ; Ka-tiāⁿ Lí)
Jiafu Village (嘉福里 Jiāfú Lǐ; Ka-hok Lí)
Jiale Village (嘉樂里 Jiālè Lǐ; Ka-lo̍k Lí)
Jiatai Village (嘉泰里 Jiātài Lǐ; Ka-thài Lí)
Jiding Village (吉定里 Jídìng Lǐ; Kiat-tiāⁿ Lí)
Qilou Village (崎漏里 Qílòu Lǐ; Kiā-làu Lí)
Wanfu Village (萬福里 Wànfú Lǐ; Bān-hok Lí)
Politics
The district is part of Kaohsiung City Constituency II electoral district for Legislative Yuan.
Infrastructure
Hsinta Power Plant
Tourist attractions
Jiading Wetlands
Lovers Wharf
Hsinta Harbor Fish Market
Kuo Chang-hsi Knife and Sword Museum
Wanfu Temple (白砂崙萬福宮)
Notable natives
Lin Yi-shih, Secretary-General of Executive Yuan (2012)
Wang Yu-yun, Mayor of Kaohsiung (1973-1981)
See also
Kaohsiung
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120325205328/http://placesearch.moi.gov.tw/translate/Admin1000616.pdf
Districts of Kaohsiung
The Cooper 500, also referred to as the T2/T3 (Type 2/Type 3), was a prototype 500cc (predecessor to Formula 3) open-wheel racing car designed and built by the Cooper Car Company in Surbiton, Surrey, England, and was their first ever car. The first post-war prototypes were built in 1946, shortly after the end of the Second World War. Since materials were in short supply immediately after World War II, the prototypes were constructed by joining two old Fiat Topolino front-ends together. It was powered by a JA Prestwich Industries (JAP) 4B Speedway single-cylinder motorcycle engine, which drives the rear wheels through a Triumph Speed Twin gearbox, via chain. It was succeeded by their first successful production car, the Mk.II, in 1948.
References
Cooper racing cars
1940s cars
Cars of England
Pyrausta or pyrallis (πυραλλίς) (also called in Greek pyrigonos) is a mythological insect from Cyprus. It is a four-legged insect with filmy wings. It lived in the fire like a salamander and died if it went away from the fire.
Janssens identifies it with the Melanophila acuminata.
See also
Salamanders in folklore
Dragons in Greek mythology
References
The Natural History of Pliny the Elder, Book 11, Chapter 42 ; the Latin text reads pyral(l)is and either pyrausta or pyrotocon.
Aelian, On the nature of animals 2, 2 : pyrigonos.
Em. Janssens, "Le « pyrotocon » de Pline l'Ancien", Latomus, 9, fasc. 3 (juillet-septembre 1950), pp. 283-286 (Société d'Études Latines de Bruxelles).
Greek dragons
Greek legendary creatures
Borkhar () may refer to:
Borkhar County
Borkhar-e Gharbi Rural District
Borkhar-e Markazi Rural District
Borkhar-e Sharqi Rural District
Two kinds of replacement algorithms exist:
Local replacement algorithm
Page replacement algorithm
Łowcza-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sawin, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Ardeoani is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Ardeoani and Leontinești.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The Mod Squad is an American crime drama TV series.
The Mod Squad may also refer to:
The Mod Squad (film), a 1999 American mystery film
The MOD Squad, professional wrestling tag team
ModSquad, a global digital engagement services company
See also
Mob Squad (disambiguation)
Steve 'n' Seagulls is a Finnish country band, playing bluegrass versions of well-known hard rock and metal songs. The band became known in the summer of 2014 with the publication of videos on YouTube. Especially popular was the band's version of "Thunderstruck" by AC/DC, which has over 130 million views on YouTube. The band's debut album Farm Machine was released through Spinefarm Records on May 8, 2015. In November 2015, Steve 'n' Seagulls were featured on A.V. Undercover covering "Sabotage" by the Beastie Boys. On August 3, 2016 they released a cover of "Aces High" promoting their second album Brothers in Farms.
Band members
Current members
Remmel – vocals, acoustic guitar, balalaika, mandolin, anvil
Herman – banjo, vocals, acoustic guitar
Hiltunen – accordion, kantele, mandolin, keyboards, flute
Jamppa – double bass, vocals (2019–present)
Skubu – drums, percussion, vocals (2019–present)
Former members
Pukki – double bass, vocals (until May 2019)
Tarja turunen guest vocals in studio for sleeping sun
Puikkonen – drums, percussion, vocals (until August 2019)
Discography
Albums
Farm Machine (2015)
Brothers in Farms (2016)
Grainsville (2018)
Another Miracle (2020)
Singles
”The Trooper” (2014)
”Holy Diver” (2014)
”Thunderstruck” (2014)
”You Shook Me All Night Long” (2015)
”Seek And Destroy” (2015)
”Run To The Hills” (2015)
”Nothing Else Matters” (2015)
”Cemetery Gates” (2015)
”Black Dog” (2016)
”Aces High” (2016)
”November Rain” (2016)
”Self Esteem” (2016)
"It's a Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock 'n' Roll)" (2017)
”You Could Be Mine” (2017)
"Antisocial" (2017)
References
External links
Official website
Youtube channel
VEVO channel
Cover bands
Finnish bluegrass music groups
Finnish musical groups
The 1907 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Drake University as an independent during the 1907 college football season. In its second and final season under head coach Charles Pell, the team compiled a 3–4–1 record and was outscored by a total of 74 to 61.
The team played its home games at Haskins Field.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Quemados is a barrio in the municipality of San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 4,712.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the population of Quemados barrio was 1,255.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Quemados barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Lorenzo, Puerto Rico
Illolampra is a genus of beetles in the family Buprestidae, containing the following species:
Illolampra ampulla Zhang, Sun & Zhang, 1994
Illolampra phlegma Zhang, Sun & Zhang, 1994
References
Buprestidae genera
Nenad Medić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Медић, born December 21, 1982 in Apatin, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian professional poker player with a World Series of Poker bracelet and World Poker Tour Championship title. They reside in Niagara Falls, Ontario. Medic plays online poker under the alias Serb2127.
Nenad Medic played basketball in college while attending the University of Waterloo and began playing poker with their teammates. Upon leaving college they began playing online poker professionally. They soon began finding success in tournaments, making their first WPT final table at the PokerStars.com Caribbean Poker Adventure in 2005. In January 2006 they made the final table at the Aussie Millions, finishing in 3rd place and earning $282,432. In November of that year they won their first WPT title at the World Poker Finals, earning $1,717,194. Medic again made the final table at the World Poker Finals in 2007, finishing in 3rd place and winning $486,367.
World Series of Poker
On June 1, at the first event of the 2008 World Series of Poker, Medic won their first World Series of Poker bracelet after defeating Andy Bloch during heads-up play in the $10,000 Pot-Limit Hold'em World Championship, earning $794,112. They accomplished this with a Final Table made up of professionals such as Phil Laak, Mike Sowers, Patrik Antonius, Mike Sexton and Kathy Liebert
World Series of Poker Bracelet
As of 2010, their total live tournament winnings exceed $4,400,000. Their 8 cashes at the WSOP account for $912,048 of those winnings.
See also
List of University of Waterloo people
References
External links
Nenad Medic Tournament Results – Hendon Mob Database
Nenad Medic Wins 2008 WSOP Event #1
Player Focus: serb2127 – Poker Verdict
1982 births
Canadian poker players
Serbian poker players
World Poker Tour winners
World Series of Poker bracelet winners
Living people
Sportspeople from Niagara Falls, Ontario
Canadian people of Serbian descent
People from Apatin
Tiger tail ice cream, also called tiger tiger or tiger flavor, is a Canadian orange-flavoured ice cream with black liquorice swirl. It is named for its resemblance to orange and black tiger stripes. Tiger tail is most popular in parts of Canada and not often found elsewhere. Created by Morgan Carr, it is a distinctly flavoured ice cream. This flavour of ice cream is offered by such companies as Chapman's and Kawartha. Tiger tail is considered a retro ice cream flavour and it has seen a nostalgia-related resurgence in recent years.
References
Flavors of ice cream
Canadian desserts
Liquorice (confectionery)
Orange production
Tigers in popular culture
Citrus dishes
Patrick Allen (1927–2006) was a British actor.
Patrick Allen may also refer to:
Patrick Allen (music educator) (born 1955), English author
Patrick Allen (American football) (1961–2021), American football player
Patrick Allen (bowler) (born 1970), American ten-pin bowler
Patrick Allen (governor-general) (born 1951), Governor-General of Jamaica
See also
Patrick Allan (fl. 1911–1924), Scottish footballer
Allen Patrick (born 1984), American football player
Allen (surname)
Imma procrossa is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1906. It is found on Borneo.
The wingspan is about 24 mm. The forewings are rather dark ochreous fuscous, slightly purplish tinged, streaked with ochreous between the veins and in the cell, and towards the costa anteriorly with orange. All veins are marked by fine ochreous lines, terminating in a submarginal yellow-ochreous streak from the middle of the costa to the tornus, edged posteriorly with dark fuscous, and leaving a narrow fuscous border all around the costa and termen. The hindwings are dark grey, lighter towards the base.
References
Moths described in 1906
Immidae
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Winfield Scott (1786–1866) was a United States Army general and presidential candidate.
Winfield Scott may also refer to:
Winfield Scott (chaplain) (1837–1910), United States Army Chaplain
Winfield Townley Scott (1910–1968), American poet, critic and diarist
Winfield Scott (songwriter) (1920–2015), American songwriter
Winfield W. Scott Jr. (1927-2022), United States Air Force general, superintendent of the U.S. Air Force Academy
Winfield W. Scott III (born c. 1952), United States Air Force general, commander of the Tanker Airlift Control Center
See also
Winfield Scott (ship), a list of ships
Scott, Winfield
The Cape golden mole (Chrysochloris asiatica) is a small, insectivorous mammal of the family Chrysochloridae, the golden moles. It is native to certain south western regions of South Africa. The species is a solitary subterranean insectivore, confined to the coastal regions of the south-western and southern Cape. When foraging for soil invertebrates, these golden moles excavate superficial burrows using their conical nose shield and highly modified forefeet. Females are smaller than males. Golden moles have very dense, soft, and silky coats. The coats are colored blackish to slaty-grey and brown to pale fawn. They have also been observed to venture on to sandy beaches, presumably to feed on amphipods and isopods occurring there.
References
External links
Manyeleti Private Game Reserve - description of golden moles
Endemic fauna of South Africa
Afrosoricida
Mammals of South Africa
Least concern biota of Africa
Mammals described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Lanka Sathosa also known as Sathosa is a wholesale and retail chain located in Sri Lanka. It is considered to be the largest state-owned retail chain in the country and was established in 2005. Sathosa was incorporated as a state-owned enterprise under Companies Act no 7 of 2007 and it is regulated by the Ministry of Industry and Commerce. The main function of Sathosa is to set prices of many essential items in the domestic retail market.
Nushad Perera was appointed as the chairperson of Lanka Sathosa in January 2020. As of 2019, the retail chain expanded its branch of network beyond 400. Sathosa has also guaranteed to sell essential items at concessionary prices during tough times including the coronavirus pandemic in the country. However it has also been widely criticised in recent years for continuous loss making and defaulting on payments to suppliers.
Controversies
Johnston Fernando was arrested on 5 May 2015 in relation to the non-payment for goods worth more than 5 million rupees but was released on bail amounting to Rs. 25,000 and three sureties worth Rs. 2.5 million each.  They are also being investigated on financial irregularities connected to Sathosa during their tenure as the Cooperatives and Internal Trade Minister.
On 5 June 2019, the Island Canteen Owners' Association Chairman (AICOA) complained that Rishad Bathiudeen abused the Consumer Affairs Authority (CAA) to mistreat Sinhalese business people and also distributed food commodities unfit for human consumption through Lanka Sathosa.
References
Government-owned companies of Sri Lanka
Retail markets in Sri Lanka
Supermarkets of Sri Lanka
Sri Lankan companies established in 2005
Retail companies established in 2005
The Algerian Rally (Rassemblement Algérien) is a minor political party in Algeria, led by Ali Zaghdoud. In the 17 May 2007 People's National Assembly elections, the party won 1.75% of the vote and one out of 389 seats. It also won two seats in the 2012 elections.
References
Political parties in Algeria
Marshall-Smith Syndrome, discovered in 1971 (Marshall, Graham, Scott, Boner, & Smith), is characterized by unusual accelerated skeletal maturation (usually starting before birth) and symptoms like conspicuous physical characteristics, respiratory difficulties, and mental retardation. Cases described in the literature show a clinical variability regarding related symptoms. For instance, respiratory difficulties are ranging from absent to severe difficulties.
Presentation
The syndrome is a rare clinical disorder.
Physical
Overgrowth
Accelerated skeletal maturation
Dysmorphic facial features
Prominent eyes
Bluish sclerae
Coarse eyebrows
Upturned nose
Radiologic examination
Accelerated osseous maturation
Phalangeal abnormalities
Tubular thinning of the long bones
Skull abnormalities
Mental
Often associated with intellectual disability (of variable degree)
Genotype
The first gene - NFIX - that could cause the syndrome has been identified. This gene is located on the short arm of chromosome 19 (19p13.1).
Diagnosis
Clinical course
Respiratory difficulties (like upper airway obstruction. (Note regarding clinical variability: respiratory difficulties might be absent.)
Pneumonia
Failure to thrive
Psychomotor retardation
Respiratory complications are often cause of death in early infancy.
Differential diagnosis
Marshall–Smith syndrome is not to be confused with:
Marshall syndrome
Sotos (like) syndrome (Malan syndrome)
Weaver-Smith syndrome (WSS)
Terminology
Translated
English: Marshall–Smith syndrome
Español: Síndrome de Marshall–Smith
Français: Le syndrome de Marshall–Smith
Italiano: Sindrome di Marshall–Smith
Nederlands: Marshall–Smithsyndroom, syndroom van Marshall–Smith
Polski: Zespół Marshalla–Smitha, Zespół Marshalla i Smitha
Русский: Синдром Маршалла–Смита
References
Further reading
Adam, M., Hennekam, R.C.M., Butler, M.G., Raf, M., Keppen, L., Bull, M., Clericuzio, C., Burke, L., Guttacher, A., Ormond, K., & Hoyme, H.E. (2002). Marshall–Smith syndrome: An osteochondrodysplasia with connective tissue abnormalities. 23rd Annual David W. Smith Workshop on Malformations and Morphogenesis, August 7, Clemson, SC.
Adam MP, Hennekam RC, Keppen LD, Bull MJ, Clericuzio CL, Burke LW, Guttmacher AE, Ormond KE and Hoyme HE: Marshall-Smith Syndrome: Natural history and evidence of an osteochondrodysplasia with connective tissue abnormalities. American Journal of Medical Genetics 137A:117–124, 2005.
.
Baldellou Vazquez A, Ruiz-Echarri Zelaya MP, Loris Pablo C, Ferr#{225}ndez Longas A, Tamparillas Salvador M. El sIndrome de Marshall-Smith: a prop#{243}sito de una observad#{243}n personal. An Esp Pediatr 1983; 18:45-50.
Butler, M.G. (2003). Marshall–Smith syndrome. In: The NORD Guide to Rare Disorders. (pp219–220) Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins, Philadelphia, PA.
Charon A, Gillerot T, Van Maldergem L, Van Schaftingen MH, de Bont B, Koulischer L. The Marshall–Smith syndrome. Eur J Pediatr 1990; 150: 54–5.
Dernedde, G., Pendeville, P., Veyckemans, F., Verellen, G. & Gillerot, Y. (1998). Anaesthetic management of a child with Marshall–Smith syndrome. Canadian Journal of Anesthesia. 45 (7): 660. Anaesthetic management of a child with Marshall-Smith syndrome
Diab, M., Raff, M., Gunther, D.F. (2002). Osseous fragility in Marshall–Smith syndrome. Clinical Report: Osseous fragility in Marshall-Smith syndrome
Ehresmann, T., Gillessen-Kaesbach G., Koenig R. (2005). Late diagnosis of Marshall Smith Syndrome (MSS). In: Medgen 17.
Hassan M, Sutton T, Mage K, LimalJM, Rappaport R. The syndrome of accelerated bone maturation in the newborn infant with dysmorphism and congenital malformations: (the so-called Marshall–Smith syndrome). Pediatr Radiol 1976; 5:53-57.
Hoyme They and Bull MJ: The Marshall-Smith Syndrome: Natural history beyond infancy. Western Society for Pediatric Research, Carmel, California, February, 1987. Clin Res 35:68A, 1987.
Hoyme They and Bull MJ: The Marshall-Smith Syndrome: Natural history beyond infancy. David W. Smith Morphogenesis and Malformations Workshop. Greenville, SC, August, 1987. Proceedings of the Greenwood Genetics Center 7:152, 1988.
Hoyme HE, Byers PH, Guttmacher AE: Marshall–Smith syndrome: Further evidence of an osteochondrodysplasia in long-term survivors. David W. Smith Morphogenesis and Malformations Workshop, Winston-Salem, NC, August, 1992. Proceedings of the Greenwood Genetic Center 12:70, 1993.
.
Tzu-Jou Wang (2002). Marshall–Smith syndrome in a Taiwanese patient with T-cell immunodeficiency. Am J Med Genet Part A;112 (1):107-108.
External links
clinical synopsis at Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM).
Syndromes with intellectual disability
Syndromes affecting bones
Rare syndromes
The Stolniceni is a left tributary of the river Siret in Romania. It flows into the Siret in Gura Bâdiliței. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Iași County
Nassif Zeytoun (; born September 25, 1988) is a Syrian singer and the 2010 winner of the Arabic reality television show Star Academy.  They are best known for their song "Mesh Aam Tezbat Maae", released in 2014. Their music videos on YouTube have millions of views. Their album Toul Al Yom was released in July 2016 and instantly reached the top of charts in the Arab world. One of the tracks from the album, "Bi Rabbek", had been No. 1 on the music app Anghami.  They are also a member of the Syrian Christian community.
In 2016, Zeytoun took part in Stars On Board, a televised cruise with celebrity guests from many parts of the Arab world, and has held several concerts in Syria and Lebanon. Zeytoun's love for their country inspired the song "Haweety", in which the singer pays tribute to their war-torn country.
Career
In 2010, Zeytoun was the first Syrian to ever enter the final and win Star Academy Arab World; they received 65.21% of the final votes cast by viewers.
Zeytoun has also participated in Tomorrow/Bokra, a charity event produced by Quincy Jones and advertised by Shakira along with 23 other major Arab artists.
Discography
Albums
Ya Samt (2013)
Toul Al Yom (2016)
Enti W Ana (2021)
Singles
Remixes
References
Living people
21st-century Syrian male singers
People from Damascus
Syrian Christians
1988 births
Kamionka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
McKees Town is a ghost town in Logan County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.
The town was founded at the site of an Indian village. McKees Town took its name from nearby McKees Creek.
References
Geography of Logan County, Ohio
Ghost towns in Ohio
Alger Island, also known as Big Island, is a small island located on Fourth Lake, part of the Fulton Chain of Lakes, within the Adirondack Park in New York State. The island is located in the Town of Webb, in Herkimer County, New York.
Alger Island was called Deer Island in the late 18th century. It was later called Big Island. Alger Island came from the family name of its longtime owners, father and son Mort and Ollie Alger.
Alger Island was purchased by the state of New York on January 16, 1950. Lean-tos were constructed during the 1960s. Today, the island is operated as a state campground, managed by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation. The island is accessible only by boat.
Legendary ghost stories popular among overnight campers from nearby Adirondack sleep away camps tell of a match factory that burned to the ground causing those working there to have sulfur and “fossy” burnt into their cheeks leading to glow-in-the-dark jaws. The Fossy Jaws tale entertained and frightened youngsters for generations.
References
External links
Alger Island NYS Department of Environmental Conservation Alger Island Campground information
Islands of Herkimer County, New York
Protected areas of Herkimer County, New York
Lake islands of New York (state)
Islands of New York (state)
First Shearith Israel Graveyard, also known as Chatham Square Cemetery, is a tiny Jewish graveyard at 55-57 St. James Place in the Two Bridges neighborhood of Lower Manhattan, New York City. It is the oldest of three Manhattan graveyards currently maintained by Congregation Shearith Israel (Hebrew, "Remnant of Israel"), which is itself the oldest Jewish congregation in North America. (The Congregation was formed by Spanish and Portuguese Sephardic Jewish immigrants in 1654.) Today, the cemetery is a mere fragment of its original extent. Only about a hundred headstones and above ground tombs can still be seen in what remains of the old burial ground, which rises slightly above street level. It is the only remaining 17th century structure in Manhattan.
History
What is now called the "First Shearith Israel Graveyard," near Chatham Square in Lower Manhattan, was in use from 1683 to 1833. An older cemetery called "Beth Haim," dated to 1656 — two years after the community arrived, was located around the corner of Madison and Oliver Streets. The site for First Shearith Israel Graveyard was originally on a hill overlooking the East River in an open area at the northern periphery of the British-Dutch colonial settlement. The plot was purchased in 1682 by Joseph Bueno de Mesquita, and its first interment was for their relative, Benjamin Bueno de Mesquita, the following year. The cemetery expanded in the 1700s so that at one point it extended from Chatham Square over what is now the upper part of Oliver Street down to Bancker (now Madison) Street.
In a letter in 1776, a staff officer of General George Washington recommended emplacing an artillery battery "at the foot of the Jews' burying ground" to help secure Long Island Sound. American prisoners of war were buried en masse in entrenchments beyond the graveyard. In 1823, a city ordinance prohibited burials south of Canal Street, compelling the congregation to rely on its second burial ground, consecrated in 1805 at West 11th Street in Greenwich Village. (Notwithstanding this, a few more burials took place at Chatham Square up to 1833.) Much of this burden was alleviated in 1829, when Shearith Israel's third cemetery was consecrated at 21st Street just west of 6th Avenue.
Encroaching development and erosion necessitated several instances over the years in which the congregation was forced to reduce the size of the Chatham Square Cemetery and disinter bodies, which were moved to their three other graveyards. In 1851, city public health officials prohibited burial south of 86th Street and in partnership with other synagogues, the congregation purchased a large plot of land in Ridgewood, Queens as a fourth cemetery. The most notable of these instances was in 1855, when a large portion of the cemetery was seized by eminent domain. This accommodated expansion of the Bowery — including the cut-through of today's St. James Place — and some 256 graves were removed.
Today, access to the cemetery is by appointment only.
Burials
From 1656 until 1825, all of the practicing Jews of New York City belonged to the Shearith Israel congregation and were buried here, including 22 who fought in the Revolutionary War. Among the notable burials (which may include those whose bodies were later removed) were:
Reverend Gershom Mendes Seixas (1745–1816), the first American born Jewish spiritual leader
Dr. Walter Jonas Judah, the second Jew known to attend an American medical school (King's College, now Columbia University) and the first native-born Jew to do so; they died at age 20 of yellow fever
References
Further reading
De Sola Pool, David (1953), Portraits Etched in Stone: Early Jewish Settlers, 1682-1841; New York: Columbia University Press, 543 pgs. (Sketches of those interred)
External links
1683 establishments in the Province of New York
Cemeteries in Manhattan
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Manhattan
Jewish cemeteries in New York City
Jews and Judaism in Manhattan
Lower Manhattan
New York City Designated Landmarks in Manhattan
Sephardi Jewish culture in New York City
Spanish-Jewish culture in the United States
Spanish and Portuguese Jews
Muzha may refer to:
Muzha District, former district in Taipei
Muzha Line, medium-capacity line in Taipei, Taiwan
Muzha (deity), a Chinese deity
Kozia Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The 1960 Writers Guild of America strike was a labor dispute held by both Writers Guilds of America (WGAW and WGAE), against the Association of Motion Picture Producers. It lasted for 146 days (from January 16 until June 10, 1960, with network writers joining mid-March, although an agreement between the involved parties was signed two days later after the strike), making it the second longest strike ever held by both unions by just one week less than the 1988 writers strike. This dispute was meant to raise concerns about broadcast royalties for films that air on television.
For a time, the actors were on strike at the same time, but they had returned to work before the writers reached a compromise with the film companies.
Seven of the eight major studios have reached an agreement:
Allied Artists
Columbia
MGM
Paramount
Twentieth-Century Fox
Walt Disney
Warner Bros.
The eighth, Universal International, had reached an agreement before the strike began. The settlement included having the studios pay into the writers' pension and health funds in the amount of $600,000. They also agreed to give 5% of the studio's income from pre-1960 movies that air on television. On post-1960 movies, writers got 2% of income. If the film was shown on pay TV, they would not receive additional income. The minimum rates were also increased to $350 a week and writers would get a 10% raise for the first two years and then 5% for the next year and a half.
For television writers, minimum wages increased 100 percent for the first two years and 100 for the next two. Writers for low-budget half-hour shows would get $935 instead of $850. High budget writers would get $1,200 instead of $1,100. Writers would get a 4% royalty domestically and internationally on all reruns "in perpetuity". In the past, writers were paid on only the first five domestic reruns (they got 140% of their minimum pay scale for that). They also agreed to create a health and welfare fund.
See also
Writers Guild of America, East (WGAE)
Writers Guild of America, West (WGAW)
Writers Guild of America Award
1981 Writers Guild of America strike
1988 Writers Guild of America strike
2007–2008 Writers Guild of America strike
List of Hollywood strikes
International Affiliation of Writers Guilds
Writers Guild Of America Strike, 1960
Writers Guild of America strike
Writers Guild of America strike
Writers
Writers Guild of America
Entertainment industry labor disputes in the United States
Mehdi Badrlou is an Iranian footballer who plays for Saipa in the IPL.
Club career
Badrlou joined Saba Qom in 2011 after spending the previous season with Aluminium Hormozgan in the Azadegan League. They joined Foolad Khuzestan in 2013 and won the Iran Pro League title in the same season.
They joined Saipa
Club career statistics
References
External sources
Profile at Persianleague
Living people
Saba players
Aluminium Hormozgan F.C. players
Foolad FC players
Iranian footballers
1986 births
Association football midfielders
Neuburg is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
The chestnut-fronted helmetshrike (Prionops scopifrons) is a species of bird in the Vanga family Vangidae, formerly usually included in the Malaconotidae.
It is found in Kenya, Mozambique, Somalia, South Africa, Tanzania, and Zimbabwe.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forests, subtropical or tropical dry shrubland, and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland found around the equator.
References
External links
Chestnut-fronted helmetshrike - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
chestnut-fronted helmetshrike
Birds of East Africa
chestnut-fronted helmetshrike
chestnut-fronted helmetshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Degree of Risk () is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Ilya Averbakh.
Plot
The film tells about the doctor Sedov, who is forced to make a difficult decision about heart surgery of the famous mathematician.
Cast
Boris Livanov as Sedov
Innokentiy Smoktunovskiy as Sasha
Alla Demidova as Zhenya
Lyudmila Arinina as Mariya Aleksandrovna (as L. Arinina)
Yuri Grebenshchikov as Oleg (as Yu. Grebenshchikov)
Leonid Nevedomsky as Pyotr (as L. Nevedomsky)
V. Vasilyev
Yury Solovyov
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
1968 drama films
Films directed by Ilya Averbakh
Golden Voyages is an accessory for the 2nd edition of the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, published in 1992.
Contents
In Golden Voyages, the player characters are cast adrift on the Crowded Sea, then sent on side-trips to the Strait of Sorrow and the Steaming Isles.
Cook calls this "Sinbad in a box." The linking story sends the PCs on a rambling ocean voyage to seek a Great Treasure in an archipelago thick with wonders. The Dungeon Master (DM) chooses one of ten Treasures suited to the inclinations of their group (power gamers, warlords, role-players, story-tellers, or puzzle solvers), then plants clues that lure the PCs through seven mini-adventures in any order the DM likes.
Publication history
Golden Voyages was written by David "Zeb" Cook, and published by TSR, Inc.
Reception
Rick Swan reviewed Golden Voyages for Dragon magazine #198 (October 1993). They recommend the adventure for Dungeon Masters who can't get their AD&D Al-Qadim campaigns off the ground: "Check out this dazzler of an adventure, a seamless blend of role-playing, problem-solving, and swashbuckling action", which was "Loosely based on the legends of Sinbad". They suggest that the "inventive format" of the adventure "allows the Dungeon Master to shuffle the encounters without affecting the plot. They can also tailor the rewards to fit the players' personalities; successful Story-Tellers may be given a Book of Lore (which grants the equivalent of a legend lore spell once per week), while Power Gamers might earn a Blade of Mastery (an ethereal weapon that boosts ability scores). This is first-rate."
Allen Varney reviewed Golden Voyages for Dragon magazine #219 (July 1995). They call the linking story "impressive in its transparency". Varney concludes their review by stating: "Zeb Cook doesn't sink the PCs as often as the tales sank Sinbad; that happened at least once per voyage, if memory serves. Nonetheless, they capture perfectly the atmosphere and morality of the setting. Island fish! Lodestones that pull metal from hundreds of yards away! Black pearls that cause maelstroms, an Isle of Sadness where melancholy inhabitants seek the True Sorrow, a notorious thief who by an amazing coincidence looks exactly like a PC! The adventures here practically glow with the spirit of the Arabian Nights. We also get plenty of information on dhows, baghlas, booms, and other vessels; details on hiring crews and running journeys, and stories, stories, stories. Though its profusion of little booklets and sheets challenges the DM's tracking ability — can you find the adventure's finale? — Golden Voyages still makes an excellent introduction to Al-Qadim adventuring."
Reviews
White Wolf #36
References
1992 books
Al-Qadim
Dungeons & Dragons sourcebooks
Hallet Ara () is a Syrian village in the Jableh District in Latakia Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Hallet Ara had a population of 1,015 in the 2004 census.
Notable people
Ali Haydar, the commander of the Syrian Special Forces for 26 years.
References
Alawite communities in Syria
Populated places in Jableh District
Hawley is a large yellow apple cultivar that is used for eating fresh. Although the fruit are delicious, the tree is not very productive, and the fruit are often blemished or rot at the core. It is therefore good as a home orchard tree, but not commercially profitable. The Hawthornden apple has also been incorrectly known as Hawley.
References
Apple cultivars
Dessert apples
American apples
Harry Rodney Green (24 June 1939 – 21 November 2018), known as Rodney Green, was an English footballer, born in Halifax, West Yorkshire, who played in the Football League as a centre forward for Halifax Town, Bradford (Park Avenue), Bradford City, Gillingham, Grimsby Town, Charlton Athletic, Luton Town and Watford.
Green started their career with their hometown club Halifax Town before playing for the two Bradford league sides, first Bradford (Park Avenue) then Bradford City. In their second full season, 1963–64, they were City's top goal-scorer, with 29 league goals and two League Cup goals including two hat-tricks.
They left City with 39 league goals from 66 games, to join Gillingham where their 17 goals came in 33 games, then Grimsby Town, scoring 20 league goals in 65 games. Their career continued at Charlton Athletic, Luton Town and Watford before they moved to South Africa.
Green played for Durban United in South Africa before returning to Halifax to run an antiques shop and a furniture import business.
References
1939 births
2018 deaths
Footballers from Halifax, West Yorkshire
English footballers
Association football forwards
Halifax Town A.F.C. players
Bradford (Park Avenue) A.F.C. players
Bradford City A.F.C. players
Gillingham F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. players
Charlton Athletic F.C. players
Luton Town F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
English Football League players
Durban United F.C. players
Coilopoceras is a compressed, involute, lenticular ammonitid from the Cretaceous (Albian to Turonian), with a narrow venter and raggedy ammonitic suture; type of the Coilopoceratidae, a family in the Acanthoceratoidea of the suborder Ammonitina.
Distribution
Coilopoceras has an established range from the upper Albian to Turonian in the Late Cretaceous. Its distribution is widespread, from western North America (Mexico, New Mexico, Texas) through northern Africa (Egypt, Cameroon, Niger, Nigeria and Tunisia) and Europe (France) to the Middle East (Israel), Madagascar and South America (Brazil, Peru and Colombia; La Frontera and San Rafael Formations).
References
Bibliography
Further reading
The Paleobiology Database - Coilopoceras entry accessed 2 December 2011
Ammonitida genera
Acanthoceratoidea
Cretaceous ammonites
Ammonites of Africa
Cretaceous Africa
Ammonites of Europe
Cretaceous France
Ammonites of North America
Cretaceous Mexico
Cretaceous United States
Ammonites of South America
Cretaceous Brazil
Cretaceous Colombia
Cretaceous Peru
Albian genus first appearances
Turonian genus extinctions
Fossil taxa described in 1903
The Men's 50 metre breaststroke competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 20 and 21 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 20 May at 11:07.
Semifinals
The semifinals were held on 20 May at 19:32.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Final
The final was on 21 May at 17:43.
References
Men's 50 metre breaststroke
The barred honeyeater (Glycifohia undulatus) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is endemic to New Caledonia.
References
barred honeyeater
Endemic birds of New Caledonia
barred honeyeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxa named by Anders Sparrman
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Hachimi Nait-Djoudi (1946-2001) was an Algerian politician, trained surgeon, Amazigh activist, founding member of the first Algerian League for the Defense of Human Rights, leader of the Socialist Forces Front (FFS) and minister under the presidency of Mohamed Boudiaf.
Biography
Hachimi Nait-Djoudi was born on October 7, 1946, in Djemâa-Saharidj, in Kabylie (Algeria). Trained as a surgeon, they practiced in Algeria and France, at the Ambroise-Paré Hospital (Boulogne-Billancourt).
They joined the Socialist Forces Front (FFS) in 1974, when this party was still underground. In 1980, while they were in France, they actively supported the movement for the recognition of Amazigh identity.
Three years later they returned to Algeria where they participated in the creation of the first Algerian League for the Defense of Human Rights. They became Deputy General Secretary.In 1985, they were arrested for their opposition activities. They were brought before the Medea State Security Court, which sentenced them to two years in prison.
Death
They died on Thursday November 29, 2001 at the Salpêtrière Hospital in Paris, during a cardiovascular surgery operation.
References
Transport ministers of Algeria
Kabyle people
Sebastian "Seb" Morris (born 30 November 1995) is a professional racing driver from Marford, who lives in Chester, Cheshire. They won the 2017 British GT Championship. They also won the 2017 Sunoco Challenge which gave them the prize drive in the Number 31 Whelen Engineering Racing Cadillac DPi at the Rolex 24 hours at Daytona. They led the race for three hours in their stint. Earlier in their career, Morris was a member of the Caterham F1 Academy and was selected by Jack Wills as a Young Brit for their 2013/14 Autumn / Winter campaign.
Career
Ginetta Juniors
Morris began their motorsport career in 2007 when they competitively raced karts. They progressed to Ginetta Juniors in 2010 where they raced for Hillspeed and became the youngest ever podium finisher. Morris then followed this by competing in and winning the winter series at 14 years old. In the following season, 2011, Morris again raced for Hillspeed and won the Ginetta Junior Championship by winning eleven races out of the twenty rounds. In this year they were also awarded the Welsh Young Driver of the Year accolade.
Formula Renault BARC
In 2012 Morris moved into single seater racing in the British Formula Renault Championship driving for the Fortec Motorsport team where they finished the season as the highest placed rookie and third overall. Morris then followed this with racing in and becoming the 2012 Winter Series Champion. Also during 2012 Morris was selected as a member of the Motor Sports Association Academy and also named a British Racing Drivers' Club Rising Star.
In addition Sky Sports F1 invited Morris to take part in a dedicated documentary called Britain's Next F1 Star which gave a behind the scenes look at their life as a teenager, a student and a racing driver.
Formula 4
For the 2013 season Morris raced in the inaugural BRDC Formula 4 Championship for the Hillspeed team where they continued to demonstrate their race craft and speed to finish the season as Vice Champion with 1 race win and 9 podiums. As a result, Morris was selected as a finalist in the McLaren Autosport BRDC Award. Morris's talent was further recognised as they were featured in the Prodigies section of the first edition of the Formula magazine.
Morris was then signed by the Caterham F1 team as a member of their racing academy.
Formula Renault NEC
Morris has again teamed up with Fortec Motorsport to race in the 2014 Formula Renault 2.0 NEC season.
GP3 Series
On 9 March 2015, Morris was confirmed as a driver for Status Grand Prix and made their debut in the 2015 season.
British GT
For 2016 it was decided that Morris would move from single seaters to sportscars, with various opportunities available it was decided they would race a Bentley GT3 for Team Parker Racing in the 2016 British GT Championship series. Securing pole position at their first GT event at Brands Hatch followed by further pole positions at Oulton Park, Silverstone and Spa-Francorchamps and the fastest lap at Oulton Park which is also a GT3 lap record.
In 2017, Morris won the title in the very last race. Morris and their teammate Parfitt won at Rockingham, Silverstone, and Brands Hatch. They also secured pole position at four of the seven events. Morris also set the lap record at Spa-Francorchamps.
IMSA
Morris is currently racing for Action Express in the 2017 IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship opening round, the 24 Hours of Daytona. The Number 31 car finished 6th overall after suffering electrical problems during the 24-hour race.
Morris was announced as a BRDC Super Star in February 2017.
Personal life
Morris was privately educated at Abbey Gate College and King's School, Chester. In 2018, they participated in the fourth season of Celebs Goes Dating.
Racing record
Career summary
Complete GP3 Series results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete British GT Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
http://www.channel4.com/programmes/celebs-go-dating
http://www.imsa.com/sites/default/files/event-weekends/2017/emedit_event_weekend/em_rolex_24_at_daytona/2017_iwsc_rolex24_postsafetycheck_entrylist.pdf
http://www.driverdb.com/drivers/seb-morris/
http://www.brdc.co.uk/Seb-Morris
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPli53S_A8g
Sky Sports F1 Britain's Next F1 Star – part 1
Sky Sports F1 Britain's Next F1 Star – part 2
Autosport Show Interview
BBC Radio Leicester Interview
Sky Sports F1 article – Caterham F1 sign Seb Morris
Formula 4 season
Interview for caledonista
Bella Howard images of Morris from Jack Wills photoshoot
Ginetta news article
Fortec Motorsports NEC page
External links
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Wrexham
Welsh racing drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 NEC drivers
Formula Renault 2.0 Alps drivers
FIA Institute Young Driver Excellence Academy drivers
GP3 Series drivers
WeatherTech SportsCar Championship drivers
British GT Championship drivers
Ginetta Junior Championship drivers
24H Series drivers
Porsche Carrera Cup GB drivers
Formula Renault BARC drivers
Blancpain Endurance Series drivers
International GT Open drivers
ADAC GT Masters drivers
Fortec Motorsport drivers
Status Grand Prix drivers
Action Express Racing drivers
Oregon House may refer to:
Oregon House of Representatives, U.S.
Oregon House, California, a small community in California, U.S.
SASM (short for SimpleASM) is a free and open source cross-platform integrated development environment for the NASM, MASM, GAS and FASM assembly languages. It features syntax highlighting and includes a debugger.
SASM is intended to allow users to easily develop and run programs written in assembly language. It was written by Dmitriy "Dman95" Manushin and licensed under the GNU GPL v3.0. It is written in C++ and uses the multi-platform Qt toolkit.
Features
Four assemblers - NASM, MASM, GAS and FASM are supported
Syntax highlighting with tunable color scheme
Handy graphical debugger
Program is translated into Russian, English, Turkish, Chinese, German, Italian, Polish, Hebrew, Spanish
Input/output macro library
Ability to work with multiple files using tabs
All required components are included (gdb, gcc, nasm, masm, fasm, gas)
References
External links
Open Build Service repository with installation packages for Linux
NASM Develop IDE
Assemblers
Love Tracks is the sixth studio album by Gloria Gaynor, released in November 1978 on Polydor Records.
History
Love Tracks includes their million-selling #1 hit single "I Will Survive" which originally started out as the b-side to the album's first single, a cover of Clout's "Substitute" before it was flipped. (The 12" single was quickly deleted and the 4:56 album version was replaced with the 8:01 12" version in order to sell more albums).
The song "Anybody Wanna Party" also became a hit, becoming a top 20 hit on the club/dance chart, as well as peaking at #16 on the R&B chart.
The album was remastered and reissued with bonus tracks in 2013 by Big Break Records.
Track listing
Personnel
Gloria Gaynor – vocals
James Gadson – drums
Bob "Boogie" Bowles, Wah Wah Watson, Robert White – guitar
Peter Robinson, Freddie Perren – keyboards
Eddie Watkins, Scott Edwards – bass guitar
Paulinho da Costa, Bob Zimmitti – percussion
Peter Robinson – synthesizer
Gene Page – conductor, strings and horns ("Spotlight", "I Said Yes" and "Goin' Out of My Head")
Peter Robinson – conductor, strings and horns ("Anybody Wanna Party" and "Please Be There")
Don Peake – conductor, strings and horns ("You Can Exit")
Dave Blumberg – conductor, strings and horns ("I Will Survive" and "Substitute")
Julia Tillman Waters, Maxine Willard Waters, Stephanie Spruill – backing vocals
Production
Dino Fekaris, Freddie Perren – producers
Freddie Perren – rhythm arrangements
Benjamin Barrett – contractor
Lewis Peters, Jack Rouben – recording and remix engineers
Rick Clifford – assistant engineer
Ed Biggs – mastering
Bob Heimall – design
Charts
Certifications
References
External links
1978 albums
Gloria Gaynor albums
Albums arranged by Gene Page
Albums produced by Freddie Perren
Polydor Records albums
(English title: Star Watching Dog) is a 2011 Japanese film loosely based on the manga of the same name and directed by Tokiyuki Takimoto. It was released on 11 June 2011.
Cast
Toshiyuki Nishida as "Daddy", the name Happie gives to the man of the family. Their real name is never revealed.
"Happie" as himself. A white Akita dog.
Tetsuji Tamayama as Kyosuke Okutsu
Umika Kawashima as Yuki Kawamura
Kimiko Yo as the innkeeper
Yoichi Nukumizu as Tomita
Mari Hamada as Tomita's wife
Sansei Shiomi as Nishitani, a manager
Shido Nakamura as a Convenient Store Manager
Kayoko Kishimoto as the mom
Tatsuya Fuji as Kyosuke's grandfather
Tomokazu Miura as the seaside restaurant owner
Synopsis
In the middle of a camping field, an unidentified male corpse is discovered inside an abandoned van, with a dead dog body resting at its feet. Kyosuke Okutsu, a social worker is assigned to locate the man's family and inform them about their death. As they investigate, Okutsu notes some similarities between the man's life and their own, so they decide not only to conduct their investigations the usual way, but also take the opportunity to travel across the country while reconstructing the man's life. In the middle of their journey, a teenage girl named Yuki asks them for a ride. The girl does not provide further information about herself, except that they attended an Idol audition, but after being rejected, they don't have enough money to continue traveling on their own. With their assistance, Okutsu continues looking for clues about "Daddy"'s past.
Using a few invoices and consume tickets found in the van, Okutsu and Yuki are able to locate some stores where Daddy and Happie spend some time before their death. As their investigation progresses, the couple discovers the deep relation Daddy had with their dog. The man was a common middle class wielding worker with an average family, but at some point their life gradually deteriorated. They had a heart condition, which caused them some trouble at their workplace for which they are eventually fired. Tired of a long life together without better expectations, their wife requests a divorce. Now jobless, homeless and with little money in their pockets, Daddy decides to put all the stuff they have left inside the van on a road trip to southern Japan, with Happie as only companion.
A convenience store manager gives Okutsu some additional information: the pair was at their convenience store, where Daddy spotted a dirty-looking young boy attempting to steal bread. They buy it for them instead, and the boy invites themselves into Daddy's car. Daddy agrees to take them wherever they want to go, but the boy is mostly silent. They sleep in the car, and the next morning Daddy discovers that the boy is gone and has taken their wallet.
Not long after, Happie experiences extreme pain while urinating and Daddy rushes them to a veterinarian, where they learn that Happie has kidney stones. They operate, and Daddy is forced to pawn almost everything they own to pay the bill, leaving them almost penniless. In a final stop at a seaside restaurant, Daddy decides to leave Happie since their health is deteriorating rapidly, and talks to the restaurant owner, who also loves dogs, about adopting him, but the dog refuses to be separated from their owner. They continue on, eventually running out of gas near a campground. They live inside the van for a while, living off the food they can scrounge and catch and sleeping in the car, until one day Daddy dies in their car. Happie assumes he's just sleeping, and loyally stays at their side, and continues scouting for food for both. During one of their patrols, Happie mistakes a camping family for their own, and tries to steal food from their grill. The family man, taking them for a dangerous stray dog attacks him. Fatally wounded, Happie manages to return to Daddy's car to die at the feet of their owner.
Okutsu compares their own life with Daddy's, and finally remembers their own behavior with a lonely dog named Kuro they had when they were a child, bought by their grandpa after their wife died. This dog used to contemplate the stars at night in the sunflowers field for long periods of time, as if they would like to reach them. Eventually Okutsu understands Daddy and Happie's life is a parable of the way as goes the people live, and comes to the conclusion that in the end, we all are like a stargazing dog, always dreaming a way to reach the impossible. Unable to locate any relatives since Daddy intentionally destroyed all traces of their past, Okutsu decides to authorize the cremation of their remains as an unidentified person, and disperses their ashes around Happie's grave, so the couple can finally be together again. Yuki confesses she's a runaway girl, but after knowing the complete story of Daddy and Happy, they decide to return home.
Differences between the manga and the movie
The biggest difference between the original Stargazing Dog story and the movie is that in the manga Happie is the main character and narrator. The story is told from the point of view of the dog in proper chronological order, starting when the new born puppy is adopted and ends when they die as an adult 9 years later. A second story in the serialized manga titled "Sunflowers" introduces Okutsu as a separated narration, told as a series of flashbacks as their relation with their own dog are gradually introduced to the audience. The movie inverses this plot, presenting Sunflowers as the main narration with Okutsu as the protagonist instead of Happie.
Several secondary characters are silent on the manga, but they play a bigger role in the movie, providing Okutsu relevant information to reconstruct Daddy's life.
Yuki is a new character created exclusively for the movie, so Okutsu may have someone to talk with about Daddy along their journey.
Reception
Richard Grey, reviewing the film ahead of the 2011 Japanese Film Festival in Australia, wrote that "this epic journey of one dog's devotions to their master is guaranteed not to leave a dry eye in the house."
References
External links
Japanese films
Live-action films based on manga
ja:星守る犬#映画
zh:星守犬#電影
Brockleymoor was a hamlet in Cumbria, England, but it is now part of the village of Plumpton. It is located several miles north of Penrith, not far from the M6 motorway.
See also
List of places in Cumbria
References
Hamlets in Cumbria
Eden District
Bang Pa-In Royal Palace (), also known as the Summer Palace, is a palace complex formerly used by the Thai kings. It lies beside the Chao Phraya River in Bang Pa-in District, Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province in Thailand.
History
King Prasat Thong constructed the original complex in 1632, but it fell into disuse and became overgrown in the late 18th and early 19th centuries, until King Mongkut began to restore the site in the mid-19th century. Most of the present buildings were constructed between 1872 and 1889 by King Chulalongkorn.
Buildings
Amidst vast gardens and landscaping stand the following buildings: Wehart Chamrunt (Heavenly Light), a Chinese-style royal palace and throne room; the Warophat Phiman (Excellent and Shining Heavenly Abode), a royal residence; Ho Withun Thasana (Sages' Lookout), a brightly painted lookout tower; and the Aisawan Thiphya-Art (Divine Seat of Personal Freedom), a pavilion constructed in the middle of a pond and Wat Niwet Thammaprawat, a royal temple of the palace.
The palace remains largely open to visitors.
Milestones
On 31 May 1880, King Chulalongkorn has a royal command to arrange a royal barge procession to go to Bang Pa-in Palace with every wife but because they were attached to could not proceed according to the schedule, so please allow the royal barge of the consort to move on the way the ship of Queen Sunanda Kumariratana suffered an accident causing them and their daughter Princess Kannabhorn Bejaratana to drown. After that King Chulalongkorn graciously ordered to build a marble monument at Bang Pa-In Palace in remembrance of the Queen and Princess.
The royal funeral ceremony of the Princess Srivilailaksana by using the Aisawanthipphaya Pavilion to enshrine the body and please arrange the cremation ceremony at Wat Niwet Thammaprawat which is considered a great work until it was well known among the palace people that anyone who does not attend this event is considered to be an outsider to the royal society.
King Rama VI graciously to perform the royal wedding of Prince Prajadhipok and Princess Rambai Barni on 26 August 1918 at the Warophat Phiman throne hall which is considered the first royal wedding ceremony after enacting the royal rule on the marriage of the master of the royal family in this marriage it is truly western marriage that is to say the willingness of the wedding couple. It is said that the gift of the wedding ceremony is a diamond ring.
Bang Pa-In Palace used to welcome many royal visitors in the reign of King Chulalongkorn graciously pleased to arrange to welcome the Grand Duke tsesarevich of Russia between 20–24 March 1891, which the ceremony was a very large event until happened a big speech for people doing something like "Still like the Russian Tsar". In addition, during the reign of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, it was used to endorse and give royal guests, such as Beatrix of the Netherlands, Margrethe II of Denmark, Infanta Elena, Duchess of Lugo or Elizabeth II.
References
External links
Official website at palaces.thai.net
Royal residences in Thailand
Buildings and structures in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province
Tourist attractions in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya province
1632 establishments in Thailand
Buildings and structures on the Chao Phraya River
Vagner da Silva Sarti (born January 9, 1978) is a former Brazilian football player.
Playing career
In 2001, Vagner joined Japanese J2 League club Ventforet Kofu which finished at the bottom place for 2 years in a row (1999-2000). They debuted in J2 against Shonan Bellmare on March 17. However they could only play 3 match as midfielder and left Ventforet in June.
Club statistics
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Japan
J2 League players
Ventforet Kofu players
Association football midfielders
Jenny Tinghui Zhang is a Chinese-American writer from Austin, Texas.
Early life and education
Zhang was born in Changchun, China, and grew up in Austin, Texas, and Oxford, Mississippi. They received an MFA from the University of Wyoming.  They are an editor for The Adroit Journal, and their writing has appeared in The Rumpus, HuffPost, Catapult, Literary Hub, and The Cut.
Career
Zhang's first novel, Four Treasures of the Sky, was published by Flatiron and Penguin in 2022. It was a New York Times Book Review Editor's Choice, and was reviewed by NPR, The Washington Post, and Publishers Weekly, among others.
Ann Patchett praised Zhang's "considerable talents" in writing an "engulfing, bighearted, and heartbreaking novel." In their New York Times review of Four Treasures of the Sky, Jennifer Egan described Zhang's writing as "engrossing" and "an arresting combination of earthy and lyric."
Zhang has cited C Pam Zhang's How Much of These Hills Is Gold, Barbara Kingsolver's The Poisonwood Bible, and Alexander Chee's Edinburgh as sources of inspiration for their writing.
In 2022, Zhang told interviewers that they were working on their second novel.
References
Further reading
External links
Official website
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American novelists
American writers of Chinese descent
American women novelists
Living people
Chinese emigrants to the United States
University of Wyoming alumni
Novelists from Texas
The 2007 South Holland District Council election took place on 3 May 2007 to elect members of the South Holland District Council in England. It was held on the same day as other local elections.
Results
Council composition
After the election, the composition of the council was:
Ward results
Source
Crowland & Deeping St. Nicholas
Donington Quadring & Gosberton
Fleet
Gedney
Holbeach Hurn
Holbeach Town
Long Sutton
Moulton Weston & Cowbit
Pinchbeck & Surfleet
Spalding Castle
Spalding Monks House
Spalding St. Johns
Spalding St. Marys
Spalding St. Pauls
Spalding Wygate
Sutton Bridge
The Saints
Whaplode & Holbeach St. Johns
References
2007 English local elections
May 2007 events in the United Kingdom
2007
2000s in Lincolnshire
Cervical spinal nerve 4, also called C4, is a spinal nerve of the cervical segment. It originates from the spinal cord above the 4th cervical vertebra (C4). It contributes nerve fibers to the phrenic nerve, the motor nerve to the thoracoabdominal diaphragm. It also provides motor nerves for the longus capitis, longus colli, anterior scalene, middle scalene, and levator scapulae muscles. C4 contributes some sensory fibers to the supraclavicular nerves, responsible for sensation from the skin above the clavicle.
Additional Images
References
Spinal nerves
Denis Ian Goodwin (19 July 1929 – 26 February 1975) was a radio and television comedy scriptwriter and actor, best known for their writing partnership with Bob Monkhouse, with whom they also compèred the Smash Hits programme on Radio Luxembourg.
Goodwin was born in London and attended Dulwich College at the same time as Monkhouse, although there is no evidence that the two met at school. In 1944, their father Laurence Goodwin was killed by a V-1 flying bomb ("doodlebug") while waiting at a bus stop in South London. In 1948, while working at a department store, Goodwin approached Monkhouse and they formed a writing and comedy partnership that lasted for fourteen years.
Goodwin and Monkhouse wrote scripts for comedians such as Derek Roy, Ted Ray and Arthur Askey. Eventually they were given their own television series, Fast and Loose (1954), which they co-wrote and in which they both appeared. However, Goodwin lacked Monkhouse's talent for improvisation and was less assured as a performer.
Their creative partnership with Monkhouse gradually disintegrated and finally came to an end in 1962 when they were offered work in the US on Bob Hope's gag writing team. However, Goodwin was unable to cope with the fast-paced life in America and returned to England. After returning to the UK they were the scriptwriter for Bright's Boffins (1970) and in 1974 wrote shows for Max Bygraves and David Frost.
They were married twice: their first marriage was to Barbara (1956) with whom they had two children — Jeremy (1958) and Suki (1960). They divorced in 1967 and in 1971 they married Jane Cappleman.
In 1968, they were convicted of shoplifting from a West End shop and fined £70.
In 1975, Goodwin committed suicide by means of an overdose of sleeping tablets, aged 45.
References
1929 births
1975 suicides
English television writers
English comedy writers
People educated at Dulwich College
Drug-related suicides in England
20th-century English male actors
British male television writers
20th-century English screenwriters
Lille Laboratory of Electrical Engineering and Power Electronics (L2EP - ) is a French research laboratory (CNRS EA 2697) focused on electrical engineering. It is located in Lille and is a part of Institut Carnot ARTS and COMUE Lille Nord de France.
L2EP research teams support academic activities in the following institutes of the COMUE Lille Nord de France :
Arts et Métiers ParisTech
École centrale de Lille
HEI
University of Lille
It supports doctoral researches and hosts PhD doctoral candidates in relationship with the European Doctoral College Lille Nord de France.
Research area
Research area focuses on :
Power electronics, converters, energy storage
modeling and control
power electronics optimisation
modeling electrical grids
electromagnetic simulations
L2EP Labs are the core of the Centre national de recherche technologique de Lille FUTURELEC « Réseaux et machines électriques du futur ».
External links
L2EP labs site
Institut CARNOT ARTS
University of Lille Nord de France
Laboratories of Arts et Métiers ParisTech
Laboratories in France
French National Centre for Scientific Research
The Veterinary Officers' Association (VOA, ) is a trade union representing veterinarians who work for the Irish civil service.
The union was founded in 1904. In 1927, it was renamed as the Veterinary Inspectors' Association of the Department of Lands and Agriculture, Saorstát Éireann, commonly being referred to as the Veterinary Inspectors' Association. In 1971, it joined the Irish Congress of Trade Unions.
The union later became known as the Veterinary Officers' Association. In 2018, it claimed to have 255 members.
References
External links
Official website
Trade unions established in 1904
Healthcare trade unions in Ireland
1904 establishments in Ireland
Evita is a documentary about Eva Duarte. The film was written and directed by Eduardo Montes-Bradley. Conformed in its entirety with previously unseen historical footage and documents, the documentary reconstructs the life of former Argentine first lady from an neutral perspective.
The film starts with an examination of Evita Duarte's origins, their relationship with their parents (particularly their father) and siblings. Evita approaches intimate aspects of Duarte's early childhood and adolescence, leading to them resolving to flee their home in the countryside for the capital city of Buenos Aires. The latter segments of the film are highlighted by interviews with former teachers from their elementary schooling in Junin. Throughout the film, the director is reminding the audience of the domestic and international context out of which Evita Duarte emerged, enhancing the viewer's understanding of the facts. The second act of the film concludes with their funeral in Buenos Aires. The third act exposes the macabre plot to have Evita Peron's corpse disappear, and looks at the curious series of events leading to the exchange of corpses between the Peronist youth and the military regime.
Evita premiered in the US on WCVE Richmond-PBS, and WHTJ Charlottesville-PBS on July 12, 2012. Evita has been included in courses on Political Science and History. Most recently, the documentary was listed 11 in the “Top 25 Political Documentaries That Shed Light On Latin America's Reality"
Film festivals
Evita was screened at the Virginia Film Festival, in Charlottesville, on November 4, 2011.
References
External links
Vimeo On Demand
2008 films
American independent films
Portuguese-language films
Love stories
Documentary films about politicians
Films directed by Eduardo Montes-Bradley
Documentary films about women
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Kolyai may refer to:
Kolyai dialect, see Southern Kurdish
Kolyai, Kermanshah
Kolyai District, in Kermanshah Province
Kolyai Rural District, in Hamadan Province
When You See Yourself is the eighth studio album by American rock band Kings of Leon. It was released on March 5, 2021, by RCA Records. The album was again produced by Markus Dravs. It was preceded by the singles "The Bandit" and "100,000 People", both released on January 7, 2021. It is the band's first album in nearly four and a half years, following 2016's Walls, marking their longest gap between studio album releases.
Release and promotion
On March 31, 2020, the band released a live acoustic recording of its first new song in more than three years, "Going Nowhere"—later renamed "Supermarket"—through YouTube and various social media platforms.
On January 1, 2021, the band teased the song "The Bandit" on Instagram, and subsequently posted five more teasers of new songs. Six days later, the name of the album was announced and saw the release of its two lead singles: "The Bandit" and "100,000 People". The album itself was released on March 5.
The band became the first to sell a newly-released album in the form of a non-fungible token, a type of cryptocurrency that contains unique assets such as music and art. The release came in the form of three different types of tokens for three separate packages in a series called "NFT Yourself". They contained a special album package, a live show package, and an audiovisual package. The tokens were developed and hosted by YellowHeart, a ticketing platform employing blockchain technology. The album was the first NFT to be displayed at the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame.
Critical reception
When You See Yourself has received generally positive reviews from critics. On Metacritic, the album has a weighted average score of 69 out of 100 based on 19 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews". AllMusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine described the album "as a continuation of Walls" in a positive review, commenting that "the moody stateliness of When You See Yourself showcases their knack for building melodrama." Robin Murray of Clash praised the record for containing the band's "most tender and honest songwriting for a decade" and giving its fans "a certain intimacy" when they listen to it, writing that, "Subtle in its evolution, Kings Of Leon treat 'When You See Yourself' as a means to re-engage with their early bite, yet remain unwilling to cede their place at rock's top table." Pitchfork contributor Evan Rytlewski wrote that: "On their eighth album, the Followill brothers desperately cling to a sound that has stopped working, trying to write songs that soar but capable only of ones that wallow." Phil Mongredien of The Guardian felt that producer Dravs couldn't make use of the band's "raw material" to get them out of performing "wearyingly featureless mellow country rock", concluding that "this is the sound of a band fresh out of ideas."
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the booklet of When You See Yourself.
Kings of Leon
Caleb Followill – guitar, vocals
Matthew Followill – guitar, synthesiser , vocals
Jared Followill – bass, acoustic guitar , vocals
Nathan Followill – drums, percussion, vocals
Additional musicians
Timothy Deaux – background vocals
Liam O'Neil – piano, organ , mellotron , acoustic guitar , background vocals
Production
Markus Dravs – production
Iain Berryman – engineering
Sean Badum – assistant engineer
Mark "Spike" Stent – mixing
Matt Wolach – assistant mix engineer
Ted Jensen – mastering
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2021 albums
Kings of Leon albums
RCA Records albums
Albums produced by Markus Dravs
Mathis Jan Holcbecher (born 21 January 2001) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Servette U21 in the fifth-tier 2. Liga Interregional.
Professional career
On 19 February 2019, Holcbecher signed a professional contract with Servette FC. Holcbecher made their professional debut with Servette FC in a 3–1 Swiss Super League loss to FC Lugano on 31 July 2020.
References
External links
SFL Profile
Servette Profile
Bild Profile
SFV U16 Profile
SFV U17 Profile
SFV U18 Profile
2001 births
Footballers from Geneva
Living people
Swiss footballers
Switzerland youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Servette FC players
2. Liga Interregional players
Swiss Super League players
The Santa Elmira massacre was a massacre on activists of the Brazilean Landless Workers' Movement (MST) in Rio Grande do Sul in 1989. In early 1989 a group of the MST that had been resettled in Salto do Jacuí occupied the Santa Elmira ranch. An order to dislodge them was issued, but the MST refused to leave the land. They were forcefully evicted from the land by military forces and small farming aircraft of the União Democrática Ruralista (that dropped tear gas bombs). 19 MST activists were killed by gunfire, 400 were injured and 22 were taken prisoner.
See also
List of massacres in Brazil
Eldorado do Carajás massacre
2017 Santa Lúcia massacre
References
Bibliography
Görgen, Frei Sérgio Antônio. O massacre da fazenda Santa Elmira. Porto Alegre: Novak Multimedia, 2002.
Mass shootings in Brazil
Santa Elmira massacre
Santa Elmira massacre
Massacres in 1989
1989 murders in Brazil
1989 mass shootings in South America
Donato Maria Dell'Olio (Bisceglie, 27 December 1847 – Benevento, 18 January 1902) was an Italian cardinal and Catholic archbishop.
Biography
Dell'Olio studied at the seminary in Bisceglie and then at the Pontifical University of Saint Thomas Aquinas in Rome where their professors included the future cardinal Tommaso Maria Zigliara. In 1873 they received the rank of Doctor of Theology.
Dell'Olio was ordained as a priest on 23 December 1871. In 1876 they became professor of philosophy and theology at the seminary in Bisceglie. In 1882 they founded the institute "Giovanni Bosco".
On 14 December 1891, Dell'Olio was elected archbishop of Rossano and on 20 December of the same year they were consecrated as bishop in Rome by cardinal Raffaele Monaco La Valletta.
On 5 February 1898 Dell'Olio was promoted to Archbishop of Benevento. The diocese welcomed them on 29 May 1898. In that city they founded the Ateneo Pontificio in 1899.
In Dell'Olio's speech at the inauguration of the institution, the cardinal said:
Pope Leo XIII raised Dell'Olio to the rank of cardinal in the Papal consistory of 15 April 1901 and they received the titular church of Santa Balbina.
On 16 June 1901 Dell'Olio was in Benevento to consecrate the Basilica della Madonna delle Grazie and its altar which was "a splendid gift from the munificence of Leo XIII."
Dell'Olio died at Benevento at the age of 54 and their body was buried in the city of Benevento in the old cemetery of Santa Clementina.
Bibliography
sac. (Rev.) Ferdinando Grassi, I Pastori della cattedra beneventana, tipografia-auxiliatrix-Benevento 1969;
Donato Maria Dell'Olio, discorso per l'inaugurazione dell' Ateneo nella città di Benevento, Tip. De Martini, Benevento 1899.
External links
Biography on the website Cardinals by Salvador Miranda
Official website of the archdiocese of Benevento
Biography on catholic-hierarchy.org
1847 births
1902 deaths
20th-century Italian cardinals
Archbishops of Benevento
Cardinals created by Pope Leo XIII
19th-century Italian Roman Catholic archbishops
Felicia 1 is a barrio in the municipality of Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 530.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Felicia 1 and Felicia 2 barrios was 1,130.
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of Santa Isabel, Puerto Rico
The 2015–16 Maltese Second Division started in September 2015 and ended in May 2016. Msida Saint-Joseph F.C., Kirkop United F.C. and Żurrieq F.C. were relegated to the Maltese Third Division. Marsa F.C., Sirens F.C. and Gharghur F.C. were promoted to the Maltese First Division.
Marsa were crowned champions in the last game against Gharghur as they win 2–1, and Sirens lost the Derby against Mgarr United and handed the cup to the champions Marsa.
Participating teams
Birzebbuga St.Peters
Sirens F.C.
Mellieha
Mgarr United
Marsa F.C.
Gharghur F.C.
Msida St. Joseph's F.C.
Swieqi United F.C.
St. Patrick
Kirkop United F.C.
Zejtun Corinthians
Zurrieq
Qrendi F.C.
Siggiewi F.C.
Final league table
Maltese Second Division seasons
3
Malta
Beach Boys' Party! is the tenth studio album by American rock band the Beach Boys, and their third in 1965, consisting mostly of cover songs played with acoustic instruments. It reached No. 6 in the US and No. 3 in the UK. The album spawned one single, a cover of the Regents' "Barbara Ann", which reached No. 2 in the US and No. 3 in the UK, and was their highest-charting British single to that point.
Party! was recorded in a music studio and presented as an impromptu live recording of a party, with informal chatter by friends and family overdubbed later. The record company, Capitol, wanted an album for the holiday season, but as there was no new material ready, several options were considered, including the greatest hits album and a live album, before the band decided on the party theme. The Beach Boys covered songs by the Beatles, several doo-wop groups, Bob Dylan, and the Everly Brothers, as well as two of their own earlier hits performed in a tongue-in-cheek style. While the "beach party" atmospherics fit into the Beach Boys style to that point, the varied musical influences presaged the change of direction that would occur over the next several years beginning with Pet Sounds (1966).
Because of its stripped-down approach, Party! is considered to be the first "unplugged" type album. In 2015, Capitol issued Beach Boys' Party! Uncovered and Unplugged, an 81-track expansion and remix of Party!.
Background and recording
In August, after the release of Summer Days (And Summer Nights!!), the Beach Boys' leader Brian Wilson was contemplating their next studio effort, which would turn out to be Pet Sounds. Capitol Records requested a new album for the holiday season. Since The Beach Boys' Christmas Album had been released the previous year, as had a live performance via Beach Boys Concert, the "live party" idea was selected to reflect the togetherness of the holiday spirit. Sporadically during September, the band and their friends rehearsed current and older hits (including revisiting the Rivingtons' "Papa-Oom-Mow-Mow"). Although presented as an impromptu live recording of a continuous set of songs played at a small party, the songs were recorded and mixed individually in a sound studio as any regular studio album, and laughter and background chatter was mixed in during post-production.
The album included versions of the Beatles' "Tell Me Why", "You've Got to Hide Your Love Away" and "I Should Have Known Better"; "Devoted to You" by the Everly Brothers; the Phil Spector produced "There's No Other (Like My Baby)" and a send-up of their own "I Get Around" and "Little Deuce Coupe". David Leaf noted: "In an era when rock stars were beginning to take themselves more seriously, the Beach Boys showed how natural it was to make fun of themselves."
Author Geoffrey Himes wrote that the party theme was created to justify the casual arrangements. Music theorist Daniel Harrison wrote: "Party was an exercise in minimalistic production. ... The performances seem unrehearsed, the instrumental support is minimal (acoustical [sic] guitar, bongo drums, tambourine), and fooling around (laughing, affected singing, background conversation) pervades every track." It was Wilson's first exploration in "party tracks," a form of music which includes the sounds of people shouting and making noises as if at a party. They would continue this approach with Smiley Smile in 1967.
Several other songs were also recorded, but not put on the album. This included renditions of the Drifters' "Ruby Baby," the Beatles' song "Ticket to Ride," the Rolling Stones' "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction," Bob Dylan's "Blowin' in the Wind" and the Robins' "Riot In Cell Block #9."
Promotion
The original release of Party! included a sheet of photographs which depicted the band at a party. In order to promote the album, Capitol distributed to dealers a million bags of potato chips which bore the album's cover art, intended to be given away to record buyers for free. The label also coordinated a motion floor merchandiser containing five Beach Boys LPs, full-color streamers for window displays, and full-scale radio and newspaper advertising.
Reception
Billboard evaluated that Party! would have strong sales potential: "The boys have a ball performing in this intimate, ad-lib program of hot material. ... [an] exciting, discotheque package."
In November 1965, the Beach Boys released the non-album single "The Little Girl I Once Knew" which repeatedly used a measure of silence in the arrangement and was reportedly disliked by radio programmers owing to their avoidance of having "dead air"; this has been cited as being partially responsible for the single stalling at US number 20. Still wanting to play new material by the band, radio disc jockeys around the United States began playing the last track of Party! straight off the LP, a cover of The Regents' "Barbara Ann." It received good listener response and was issued as a single by Capitol when they started hearing from radio programmers; it became a number 2 hit in early 1966.
Retrospective reviews
Richie Unterberger wrote: "In recent years, this album has gone up a few notches in critical esteem, praised for its loose, casual feel and insight into the group's influences. Realistically, though, its present-day appeal lies mostly with dedicated fans of the group, as fun and engaging as it is. Others will find the material shopworn in places, and the presentation too corny." Writer Jim Fusilli said: "This Beach Boys Party! really blows. ... They mock 'I Get Around' and 'Little Deuce Coupe.' Imagine doing that—mocking your own work, music some people cherish." Mitchell Cohen of the publication Best Classic Bands wrote that Party! is more reminiscent of the Beatles' Get Back sessions than the first "unplugged" album, observing: "Brian is there, but they don't do very much, ... [His production] credit seems almost insulting, because for the most part it's Mike's show, even more so on the naked sessions ... Carl and Dennis grab on to the Beatles tunes like a life raft, and Brian is in the corner. This isn't their party, but he'll have to clean up when it's over."
Alternate releases
In 1990, Beach Boys' Party! was paired on CD with Stack-o-Tracks with bonus instrumental tracks. The bonus instrumental tracks include "Help Me, Rhonda", "California Girls", and "Our Car Club". In 2012, the first stereo mix of Beach Boys' Party! was released.
On November 20, 2015, Capitol issued an 81-track expanded remix, Beach Boys' Party! Uncovered and Unplugged, containing the original album without overdubs followed by a selection of outtakes culled from the album's original five recording sessions.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits from band archivist Craig Slowinski.
The Beach Boys
Al Jardine – vocals, acoustic 6 and 12-string guitars, ashtray
Bruce Johnston – vocals, electric bass
Mike Love – vocals
Brian Wilson – vocals, bass, piano, bongos
Carl Wilson – vocals, acoustic 6 and 12-string guitars, bass
Dennis Wilson – vocals, bongos, castanet, harmonica
Guests
Hal Blaine – bongos
Ray Avery – bongos
Steve Korthof – bongos, tambourine
Ron Swallow – tambourine
Terry Melcher – tambourine
Billy Hinsche – harmonica on "Mountain Of Love"
Dean Torrence – co-lead vocal on "Barbara Ann"
Marilyn Wilson – vocals
Charts
Chart information courtesy of Allmusic and other music databases.
Notes
References
Sources
Beach Boys' Party! Uncovered and Unplugged liner notes.
External links
The Beach Boys albums
1965 albums
Capitol Records albums
Covers albums
Albums produced by Brian Wilson
Albums recorded at United Western Recorders
In computing, rubberhose (also known by its development codename Marutukku) is a deniable encryption archive containing multiple file systems whose existence can only be verified using the appropriate cryptographic key.
Name and history
The project was originally named Rubberhose, as it was designed to be resistant to attacks by people willing to use torture on those who knew the encryption keys. This is a reference to the rubber-hose cryptanalysis euphemism.
It was written in 1997–2000 by Julian Assange, Suelette Dreyfus, and Ralf Weinmann.
Technical
The following paragraphs are extracts from the project's documentation:
Status
Rubberhose is not actively maintained, although it is available for Linux kernel 2.2, NetBSD and FreeBSD. The latest version available, still in alpha stage, is v0.8.3.
See also
Rubber-hose cryptanalysis
Key disclosure law
StegFS
References
External links
Marutukku.org documentation and downloads
Cryptographic software
Julian Assange
Steganography
Walbo is an unincorporated community in Springvale Township, Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.
The community is located at the junction of State Highway 95 (MN 95) and Isanti County Road 1. Walbo is located west of Cambridge.
The Rum River flows through the community. Nearby places also include Bradford, Pine Brook, and Springvale County Park.
References
Official State of Minnesota Highway Map – 2013/2014 edition
Unincorporated communities in Minnesota
Unincorporated communities in Isanti County, Minnesota
Trojaci is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 11 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 11
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1698.
Events
March – In their Short View of the Immorality and Profaneness of the English Stage, clergyman Jeremy Collier attacks leading contemporary dramatists (William Congreve and Sir John Vanbrugh most prominently, but also John Dryden, Thomas d'Urfey, and William Wycherley) for moral shortcomings in their works. Collier's book launches a controversy that dominates the literary world of Britain for the year; future editions of the book continue the controversy until Collier's death in 1726.
The Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge is formed by the Reverend Thomas Bray.
The latest edition of the Bay Psalm Book is the first to include music.
New books
Prose
Anonymous – The Maxims of the Saints Explained, Concerning the Interiour Life (translation of François Fénelon)
Francis Atterbury – A Discourse Occasion'd by the Death of the Right Honourable the Lady Cutts
Jacques-Bénigne Bossuet – Relation sur le quiétisme
Charles Boyle, 4th Earl of Orrery – Dr. Bentley's Dissertations on the Epistles of Phalaris, and the Fables of Aesop
Cornelis de Bruijn – Reizen van Cornelis de Bruyn door de vermaardste Deelen van Klein Asia (A Voyage to the Levant: or Travels in the Principal Parts of Asia Minor)
John Bunyan – The Heavenly Foot-Man; or, A Description of the Man that Gets to Heaven
Jeremy Collier – A Short View of the Immorality and Profaneness of the English Stage (continued in 1699, 1700, 1703, and 1708)
William Congreve – Amendments of Mr Collier's False and Imperfect Citations
Daniel Defoe
An Enquiry into the Occasional Conformity of Dissenters, in Cases of Preferment
The Poor Man's Plea
John Dennis – The Usefulness of the Stage, to the Happiness of Mankind, to Government and to Religion
John Dunton – Teague Land: or A Merry Ramble to the Wild Irish
Andrew Fletcher – A Discourse of Government with Relation to Militia's
George Fox – A Collection of Many Select and Christian Epistles, Letters and Testimonials
Charles Gildon – The Lives and Characters of the English Dramatic Poets
Robert Gould – A Satyr Against Wooing
Charles Leslie – A Short and Easie Method with the Deists
Edmund Ludlow – Memoirs of Edmund Ludlow Esq.
Maximilien Misson – Mémoires et observations faites par un voyageur en Angleterre
Walter Pope – Moral and Political Fables, Ancient and Modern
George Ridpath – The Stage Condemn'd
Elkanah Settle – A Defence of Dramatick Poetry
Algernon Sidney – Discourses Concerning Government (vs. Robert Filmer)
Tooke's Pantheon of the Heathen Gods and Illustrious Heroes
John Vanbrugh – A Short Vindication of The Relapse and The Provok'd Wife, from Immorality and Prophaneness by the Author
Ned Ward
The London Spy (published as periodical through 1700)
A Trip to Jamaica
Benjamin Whichcote – Select Sermons of Dr. Whichcot (ed. Anthony Ashley Cooper, Earl Shaftesbury)
Drama
Catherine Trotter Cockburn – The Fatal Friendship
John Crowne – Caligula
Thomas Dilke – The Pretenders
John Dennis – Rinaldo and Armida
Thomas D'Urfey – The Campaigners
George Farquhar – Love and a Bottle
Charles Gildon – Phaeton; or, The Fatal Divorce
George Granville – The Heroick Love
Peter Anthony Motteux – Beauty in Distress
John Oldmixon – Amintas (adapted from Aminta of Tasso)
William Philips – The Revengeful Queen
Mary Pix – Queen Catharine, or, The Ruins of Love
Edward Ravenscroft – The Italian Husband
Poetry
Charles Hopkins – White-hall; or, The Court of England
John Hughes – The Triumph of Peace
See also 1698 in poetry
Births
January 3 – Metastasio, born Pietro Antonio Domenico Trapassi, Italian poet and opera librettist (died 1782)
January 10? – Richard Savage, English poet (died 1743)
May 8 – Henry Baker, English poet and naturalist (died 1774)
July 19 – Johann Jakob Bodmer, Swiss author (died 1783)
November 28 – Charlotta Frölich, Swedish poet and political writer (died 1770)
December 24 – William Warburton, English critic (died 1779)
Unknown date – Alasdair mac Mhaighstir Alasdair, Scottish Gaelic poet (died 1770)
Deaths
January 14 – Jacques Pradon, French dramatist (born 1632)
February 7 – Richard Adams, English theologian (born c. 1626)
February 11 – Anna Åkerhielm, Swedish writer and traveller (born 1642)
March 2 – Jacques Quétif, French bibliographer (born 1618)
July 18 – Johann Heinrich Heidegger, Swiss theologian (born 1663)
August 25 – Fleetwood Sheppard, English courtier and literary wit (born 1634)
September 3 – Sir Robert Howard, English dramatist and politician (born 1626)
October 11 – William Molyneux, Irish philosopher and political writer (born 1656)
December 11 (buried) – Elizabeth van der Woude, Dutch traveler and author (born 1657)
Unknown dates
Antoine Arnauld, French memoirist (born 1616)
Francesco Negri, Italian travel writer (born 1623)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Storage Hunters is a reality television series presented by Sean Kelly (as the auctioneer). It originally ran in the United States from 2011 to 2014 on TruTV and has been shown in the UK on the digital channel Dave. A domestic UK version, also featuring Kelly, started broadcasting in 2014 and continued into 2016 with a fifth series that aired in April 2016. There was also a UK celebrity special which aired for Christmas 2015, with all the money each celebrity made going to their chosen charity.
In October 2016, Dave announced that a celebrity series would take place, following the huge hit of the one-off special earlier in the year, with five 60-minute episodes. The format is the same, all the money they made went to their chosen charity.
The series has also been shown on New Zealand's TV3.
Background
Sean Kelly grew up in Germany. After leaving school, they worked as a store detective before joining the Army, becoming a German interpreter, and then being stationed in Iraq. They then worked as an auctioneer, and comparing comedy clubs at night. After a fight broke out at an auction, they came up with the idea for the show, describing it as "Antiques Roadshow meets WWF!"
Format
For the US series, bidders Brandon and Lori Bernier. It continued with the Taylor Brothers, Jesse McClure, Tarrell "T-Money" Wright, Ron "Papa Bear" Kirkpatrick, Kashuna, Wade, FJ, Gary "Goal Machine" Madine, Scott and Chrissy Tassone, the Alvardo Brothers, "Desert Dan," Mone Smith, Will and Nick Eastwood, Soccer Mom and the lock cutters/security guards, Will C. (Season 1), Cameron "Green Mile" Rowe (Season 2-Season 3). The series was cancelled on TruTV after Season 3 ended.
In the UK and Ireland the show has been broadcast and repeated on the digital channel Dave. In 2014, Dave commissioned a spin-off series called Storage Hunters UK, featuring Kelly reprising their role as auctioneer with a series of UK bidders hunting for valuables across the UK. Dave renewed the UK version for two more series in 2015, with the second series beginning on 2 June and featuring US regulars Jesse and T-Money. Series 3 of the show premiered on 15 September 2015.
A fifth series was commissioned to air from April 2016, with Kelly returning alongside regular bidders from series 4.
A one-off UK celebrity special aired at Christmas 2015, with any money made being donated to the celebrity individual charities. This was followed by a series of 5 more celebrity episodes that aired at the end of 2016.
Series overview
Reception
The show has been well received in Britain, with the first episode of Storage Hunters UK being watched by over 1.1 million viewers, beating ratings for several prime-time television shows broadcast that week.
The Guardian Rhik Samadder described Kelly's auctioneering style "like someone has attached electrodes to a woodpecker". Tom Eames writing in Digital Spy described it as "one of the least authentic and most fake shows you will ever see, and comes under the umbrella of 'trashy reality' programmes that the US are very good at", but adding that "somehow, it is strangely addictive and enjoyable, and has clearly become a big guilty pleasure of many UK viewers."
Presenter Sean Kelly has attributed the success of the show to the participants' lack of social skills and compared it to "watching a carnival". In an interview for Digital Spy they speculated that the strong popularity of the show in the UK may lead to a revival of the US series.
Buyers
Main Buyers US
Main Buyers UK
Main Celebrity Buyers UK
Minor Buyers US
Minor Buyers UK
See also
Auction Hunters, a similar show on Spike TV
Storage Wars, a similar show on A&E TV
Container Wars, a similar series on TruTV
References
The Daily Mirror Brandon Bernier tells all "I was never happy in this chaotic relationship, I was miserable"
External links
2010s American reality television series
2011 American television series debuts
2013 American television series endings
Auction television series
English-language television shows
TruTV original programming
The Trinity Building, designed by Francis H. Kimball and built in 1905, with an addition of 1907, and Kimball's United States Realty Building of 1907, located respectively at 111 and 115 Broadway in Manhattan's Financial District, are among the first Gothic-inspired skyscrapers in New York, and both are New York City designated landmarks. The Trinity Building, adjacent to the churchyard of Richard Upjohn's neo-Gothic Trinity Church, replaced an 1853 Upjohn structure of the same name. Earlier, the Van Cortlandt sugar house stood on the west end of the plot – a notorious British prison where American soldiers were held during the Revolutionary War.
Trinity Building of 1853
The Van Cortlandt sugar house, on the southeast corner of Thames Street and Trinity Place, adjoining Trinity Churchyard, was demolished in 1852.
The sugar house occupied the western end of a narrow strip of land bordering the churchyard, measuring 40 feet on Broadway, 46 feet on Trinity Place, 259 feet along the graveyard, and 263 feet on Thames Street. Also demolished that year was the New England Hotel at 111 Broadway, at the eastern end of the strip. It was a frame structure, said to be favored by the clerks and traveling salespersons in the dry goods trade, which centered in that neighborhood at the time. A dry goods merchant, H.B. Claflin, together with associates, replaced the sugar house and hotel with a new building, huge for its time, occupying the entire strip: five neo-Romanesque stories of yellowish brick with terracotta trim, except the basement, which was cut brownstone. The basement was below Broadway but above Trinity Place, owing to the land slope, and was completely given over to the dry goods store of Claflin, Mellin & Company. Its entrance was near Trinity Place in Thames Street, but the other floors were entered from Broadway. "Besides the stairwell there [was] an ample well-hole from top to bottom, which answer[ed] both for the purpose of ventilation and of light." Although the new building had no tie with the church, they called it Trinity Building.
By the end of May, 1853, nearly all the space was let, despite high rentals. The top floor was occupied by Toppan, Carpenter, Casilear & Company, the engravers, as a workshop. Tappan & Company, a mercantile agency, had a single-room office that took up half the second floor. The rest of the building was divided into small offices. The store moved away in 1861.
Richard Upjohn moved their office into the building and in 1857 was one of the founders of the American Institute of Architects, which was established there. From 1892 the New York Real Estate Salesrooms had quarters in the basement of the Trinity Building. In its room all the court and the majority of other auction sales in that time were held. The real estate business of Peter F. Meyer & Co. – Richard Croker and Peter F. Meyer – had offices in the building almost continuously for 43 years. Many prominent lawyers had offices there, too. When the building was finally emptied on April 30, 1903, a list of individuals and firms was published with their new addresses; it comprised more than 130 names, mostly lawyers and real estate businesses.
United States Realty and Construction Company
In 1901 Harry S. Black, who had just taken over the George A. Fuller Company from their late father-in-law, established the United States Realty and Construction Company, a powerhouse development organization with some of the biggest names in New York real estate, including Robert Dowling, Henry Morgenthau, Cornelius Vanderbilt and Charles F. Hoffman. It then acquired a large percentage of the George A. Fuller Company (general contractor for these commissions), and the well-established New York Realty Corporation, among other holdings. The corporation was formed to combine three functions: to purchase real estate for investment and sale, to erect buildings through the George A. Fuller Company, and to raise capital to do both.
For its first large project, it bought the old Trinity Building. The Trinity and U.S. Realty Buildings were originally conceived as freestanding office buildings to be erected simultaneously. But acquisition delays held that project up, and U. S. Realty went ahead with a 21-story building on the site of the Trinity Building itself, 40 feet wide and 290 feet high. The north wall of the Trinity Building was left in utilitarian brick, so the building could be expanded They were actually built two years apart and not as identical structures. To attain maximum exposure to light for both skyscrapers with a minimum of interior offices, it was planned that the buildings would be erected on equal, full-block sites. To secure equal sites, however, municipal consent was needed to move the existing Thames Street approximately twenty-eight feet to the north, and to permanently close the south half of two-block-long Temple Street, which originally ran between the Thames and Liberty Streets, bisecting the site of the U.S. Realty Building. The city granted these changes, with the condition that Thames Street be widened from twenty-five to thirty feet.
Design
The commission for the design of both was given to Francis H. Kimball, a devoted and prolific Gothic Revivalist who was an early advocate of Neo-Gothic style for office buildings. These are among the first Gothic-inspired skyscrapers in New York. Here the style establishes a sympathetic relationship between the skyscraper and its early Gothic Revival neighbor, Trinity Church and Churchyard.
Both buildings are long, narrow 20-story slabs with no setbacks. Their footprints are slightly irregular and not identical. Trinity's dimensions are roughly 69 feet on Broadway, 74 feet on Trinity Place, 260 feet along the churchyard, and 264 feet along Thames Street. U.S. Realty's dimensions are 61 feet on Broadway, 270 feet on Thames Street, and 275 feet on Cedar Street. The basements are below Broadway but above Trinity Place as the site slopes downward 11 feet. U.S. Realty's basement extends under the Broadway sidewalk to the curb line. There is also a stairway outside the building line to a basement retail space. The basements and first floors are given mostly to retail. The southern elevation is on grade with the elevated churchyard.
Both buildings have a direct connection to the Wall Street station of the New York City Subway's IRT Lexington Avenue Line. A subway entrance from the street is built into Trinity's Broadway facade.
The basements are clad in granite, and above them the curtain wall is Indiana limestone richly ornamented with a wide variety of gargoyles. The facades have a tripartite form: four-story base, 13-story shaft, and four-story capital. The Broadway elevations of the 1905 building and U.S. Realty are each symmetrical and identical in design except the former is narrower. With the addition of the 1907 extension, the Trinity facade became asymmetrical.
In 1912, a copper-clad addition was erected on a portion of the roof of the U.S. Realty Building as a second story for the new Lawyers Club. The same year, a footbridge was added over Thames Street connecting the roofs. Designed by Kimball, the bridge has steel framing and ornamental wrought iron panels with a quatrefoil pattern.
Construction
Kimball had developed a technique in the 1891–92 iron-and-steel-framed Fifth Avenue Theatre for constructing foundations with concrete cylinders sunk by mechanical means, that was a precursor of the later pneumatic caisson system of skyscraper foundation construction. The seminal 1893–94 17-story Manhattan Life Insurance Building, by Kimball and their partner at the time, George Kramer Thompson, is credited with being the first skyscraper with a full iron and steel frame, set on pneumatic concrete caissons (although the front masonry wall was load-bearing).
The foundations of the 1905 Trinity Building, installed in early 1904, consist of 50 caissons, 32 of wood and 18 of steel. These caissons were sunk through quicksand to bedrock, an average depth of 80 feet below the curb, and may have been the deepest foundations ever put down in New York to that time. The caissons and columns forming the north wall were designed in anticipation of the extension, in order to obviate the construction of a new line of caissons for it. Connections were made with those columns in 1906, and seventeen additional caissons were sunk.
The foundations for the U.S. Realty Building consist of 70 pneumatic caissons. Bedrock below U.S. Realty was reached at 75 feet. This foundation and the extension of Trinity were commenced in June 1906 and practically finished in August – 60 days – an unparalleled achievement. On average, 500 men were employed. Erection of steel began on October 26, 1906, and finished on January 28, 1907. Stone-setting began November 23, 1906 and was completed, despite severe weather, April 18. Not only did these two buildings set world records for rapidity of construction, but they were also considered to be the costliest business structures ever, together totaling $15 million, including land.
Later history
For decades after 1907, of the four large facades only one was visible from a distance of more than 34 feet: the south side of the Trinity Building, lining the open churchyard. The north side of 34-foot-wide Cedar Street was occupied by buildings to the property line (see "Moving Thames Street" maps). In the early 1970s, however, those buildings were demolished and replaced by Zuccotti Park (then called Liberty Plaza Park), making 115 Broadway as visually prominent as 111.
Both buildings were designated as landmarks by the New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission on June 7, 1988. The interior lobby spaces were renovated beginning in 1987 by Swanke Hayden Connell Architects. In addition, all the exteriors have been cleaned as well. In 2017 an application was made to the city's Department of Transportation to turn Thames Street into a pedestrian plaza.
References
External links
New York City Designated Landmarks in Manhattan
Gothic Revival architecture in New York City
Francis H. Kimball buildings
Broadway (Manhattan)
Historic district contributing properties in Manhattan
The Large Observatory for X-ray Timing (LOFT) is a proposed ESA space mission originally slated to launch around 2022, and now proposed to launch around 2025. The mission will be devoted to the study of neutron stars, black holes and other compact objects by means of their very rapid X-ray variability. LOFT is supported by a large international collaboration, led by researchers spread over most of the European countries, including Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, United Kingdom, Greece, Ireland, the Netherlands, Poland, Czech Republic, Spain, and with contributions from Brazil, Canada, Israel, United States and Turkey. SRON Netherlands Institute for Space Research acts as principal investigator.
The mission was submitted to the ESA Cosmic Vision M3 call for proposals, and was selected, together with other three missions, for an initial Assessment Phase.
On February 19, 2014, the PLATO mission was selected in favour of the other candidates in the programme, including LOFT. In spite of this, LOFT has been submitted to the Cosmic Vision M4
call for proposals for a planned launch date of 2025, if selected.
Mission architecture
The Large Observatory for X-ray Timing mission comprises two instruments.
Large Area Detector (LAD), a 10 m2 collimated X-ray detector
Wide Field Monitor (WFM), a coded-mask wide field X-ray monitor
The Large Area Detector (LAD) achieves an effective area of ~10 m2 (more than an order of magnitude larger than current spaceborne X-ray detectors, e.g. RXTE) in the 2-50 keV range, yet still fitting a conventional platform and small/medium-class launcher, thanks to the monolithic design of its large area Silicon Drift Detectors (SDD).
The Wide Field Monitor (WFM) is a coded mask X-ray monitor with a large field of view (observing about 50% of the sky available to the LAD at any time), and is also based on the Silicon Drift Detector technology. Its operating energy range is the same of the LAD, i.e. 2-50 keV.
Objectives
The main scientific objectives of LOFT are:
the determination of the neutron star structure and its equation of state
the study of the physics in strong gravitational fields, e.g. in the accretion disks around black holes
the direct measurements of black hole mass and spin
Besides these topics, LOFT will in general study the X-ray spectra and variability for a wide range of astrophysical sources, e.g. magnetars, active galactic nuclei, cataclysmic variables, X-ray transients and gamma-ray bursts.
The unique capabilities of LOFT, make this instruments certainly able to provide new breakthroughs in a wide range of Astrophysical research areas.
See also
EChO
MarcoPolo-R
STE-QUEST
List of proposed space observatories
References
External links
Four candidates selected for the next medium-class mission in ESA's Cosmic Vision
LOFT Supporters Newsletter
European Space Agency satellites
Cancelled spacecraft
Space telescopes
X-ray telescopes
Cosmic Vision
Haliczany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Kamień, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Jaiama Nimikor is a diamond-rich town in Kono District in the Eastern Province of Sierra Leone. The town lies about 8 miles outside Koidu Town (the largest city in Kono District) and 232 miles from Freetown. The towns of Jaiama and Nimikor are twin to form Jaiama Nimikor. The population of Jaiama Nimikor is 5,150 (2009 estimate). Like in virtually every town in Kono District, Jaima Nimikor is a major diamond producer.
Ethnicity and Religion
The population of the town is ethnically diverse, although the local Kono people form the largest ethnic group. The town is largely muslim, Christianity is present, though in minority.
Education
The town is home to three secondary schools, the most prominent of which is the Jaima Secondary School, known for producing the current Vice President of Sierra Leone Alhaji Samuel Sam-Sumana.
Populated places in Sierra Leone
Eastern Province, Sierra Leone
Tillandsia latifolia is a species of flowering plant in the genus Tillandsia. This species is native to Ecuador and Peru. Four varieties are recognized:
Tillandsia latifolia var. divaricata (Benth.) Mez - Peru, Ecuador
Tillandsia latifolia var. latifolia - Peru, Ecuador
Tillandsia latifolia var. leucophylla Rauh - Peru
Tillandsia latifolia var. major Mez - Peru
Cultivars
Tillandsia 'Black Feather'
Tillandsia 'Cajatambo'
Tillandsia 'Canta'
Tillandsia 'Delgado'
Tillandsia 'Graffiti'
Tillandsia 'Tom Thumb'
References
latifolia
Flora of Ecuador
Flora of Peru
Plants described in 1835
Frederick Burdett Warder (March 19, 1904 – February 1, 2000) was a highly decorated United States Navy submarine officer during World War II. They were a two time recipient of the Navy Cross for extraordinary heroism in combat, and a four time recipient of the Legion of Merit for meritorious service. They served from June 1921 to July 1962 and became a Rear admiral (RADM).
During World War II, Warder commanded the for over three years, on seven war patrols. In 1942, during the last two days of Seawolfs fourth patrol, having become frustrated with the failures of the Mark 14 torpedo, Warder led Seawolf to abnormally close range attacks on three Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) cruisers, earning them the nickname "Fearless Freddie", in an effort to ensure successful hits with the faulty torpedoes. Warder was awarded their first Navy Cross for the entirety of Seawolfs fourth patrol (February 25 to April 1, 1942). Later, when they learned that all three cruisers were still being encountered, Warder began to meticulously document the problems with the Mark 14. In 1942, during Seawolfs seventh patrol, Warder decided to make a dangerous real-world test, keeping Seawolf stationary for an abnormally prolonged period during an attack on November 3,in order to send distinct torpedo barrages against a Japanese vessel, proving that the Mark 14 was missing the target while a second shot, with an older Mark 10 torpedo, hit the target. Their bravery, and that of the entire crew of Seawolf (the first submarine to win two Navy Unit Commendations), proved important in fixing a critical problem that had plagued the United States submarine force. Warder would win their second Navy Cross for Seawolfs seventh war patrol (October 7 to December 1, 1942), during which 16,810 tons of Japanese vessels were sunk, part of the total tonnage Seawolf sunk to become the most successful Sargo-class submarine of World War II.
Later, Warder was the commanding officer of the Naval Submarine School at Naval Submarine Base New London, Connecticut.
Early life and education
They graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1925.
References
External links
Arlington National Cemetery
Frederick Warder Navy Log
1904 births
2000 deaths
20th-century American naval officers
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
People from Grafton, West Virginia
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Recipients of the Navy Cross (United States)
United States Naval Academy alumni
United States Navy personnel of World War II
United States Navy rear admirals (upper half)
United States submarine commanders
Wierzbica is a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wierzbica. It lies approximately north-west of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 310.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Tikapur () is a Municipality in Kailali District in Sudurpashchim Province of Nepal that was established in January 1997. Tikapur Municipality was further expanded on 10 March 2017 through merger with the two former Village development committees Narayanpur and Dansinhapur. It lies on the bank of Karnali River.
At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 98,651 people living in 15,356 individual households. Tikapur is 3rd largest city in Sudurpashchim pradesh after Dhangadhi and Bhimdutta (formerly Mahendranagar).
Transportation
Tikapur Airport is an out-of-service airport that lies in Tikapur.
Mayoral Election
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Party !! Candidate !! Votes !! Status
|-
|[People's Freedom Part (नागरीक उन्मुक्ती पार्टी)] || Ram Lal Dagaura Tharu (रामलाल डगौरा थारु) || 9642 || Elected
Deputy Mayor Election
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Nepal municipalities established in 1997
Municipalities in Kailali District
Muhammad Izzuddin Muhamat Hussin (born 19 November 1992) is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Malaysian club T–Team.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Malaysian footballers
Malaysia international footballers
Malaysia Super League players
Association football goalkeepers
Terengganu F.C. II players
Janet Lee (, born October 22, 1976) is a Taiwanese-American retired tennis player. They won three doubles titles during their professional career on the WTA Tour. They competed in all four Grand Slam tournaments in both singles and doubles. Them career-high singles ranking was 79 and their best doubles ranking was 20.
Since retiring, they have been an assistant coach for the California State University, Fullerton(CSUF) women's tennis team. They were a full-time undergraduate student at the university, majoring in Business with an emphasis in Accounting and Finance. After earning their B.A. at CSUF, they joined the professional services firm Deloitte & Touche, LLP.
Personal
Them father is Shun-Yi Lee, a physicist, and their mother is Vanni Lee, a DP coordinator. Lee graduated from high school in 1994 and decided to postpone college to pursue a professional tennis career. They started playing tennis at age five.
Career
Lee competed in tennis competitions for Chinese Taipei at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney women's doubles with partner Weng Tzu-ting. They lost in the first round.
Playing doubles at the 2004 US Open with Peng Shuai, Lee reached the quarterfinals where they lost to Barbara Schett and Patty Schnyder, 2–6, 5–7.
Lee retired from professional tennis in 2006.
WTA career finals
Doubles (3–3)
ITF finals
Singles (2–1)
Doubles (9–4)
References
External links
Olympic tennis players of Taiwan
Tennis players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
American sportspeople of Chinese descent
American sportspeople of Taiwanese descent
American sportswomen of Chinese descent
Taiwanese female tennis players
Tennis people from California
1976 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Lafayette, Indiana
Asian Games medalists in tennis
Tennis players at the 1998 Asian Games
Tennis players at the 2002 Asian Games
American female tennis players
Taiwanese-American tennis players
Universiade medalists in tennis
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for Chinese Taipei
Asian Games bronze medalists for Chinese Taipei
Universiade gold medalists for Chinese Taipei
Universiade silver medalists for Chinese Taipei
Universiade bronze medalists for Chinese Taipei
Medalists at the 1999 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2001 Summer Universiade
21st-century American women
The Lesotho women's national football team is the national team of Lesotho and is controlled by the Lesotho Football Association.
History
The senior team is nicknamed the Beautiful Flowers.
On 28 March 1998, Lesotho played Mozambique in Mozambique. The game was tied 0–0 at the half before Mozambique scored three goals to win the game 3–0. In Maseru on 19 April 1998, Lesotho again played Mozambique. Lesotho was up 2–1 at the half and went on to win the game 4–2. In 2002, the team played 4 games. The country participated in the 2002 COSAFA Women's Championship in Harare, Zimbabwe. They were in Group A. They lost on 19 April to Zimbabwe 0–15, lost to Malawi 0–3 on 21 April, and lost to Zambia 1–3 on 23 April. In 2003, the team played 1 game. In 2004, the team played 1 game. In 2005, the team played 2 games. In 2005, Zambia was supposed to host a regional COSAFA women's football tournament, with ten teams agreeing to send teams including South Africa, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Malawi, Seychelles, Mauritius, Madagascar, Lesotho, Botswana, Namibia, Lesotho and Swaziland.
In 2006, the team had 3 training sessions a week and played 2 games. The country participated in the 2006 Council of Southern Africa Football Associations women's tournament in Lusaka. They were in Group B. On 22 August, they lost to South Africa 0–9. On 23 August, the team lost to Malawi 0–3. The national team's poor performance was contributed to by the fact that they only held a training camp for the competition a week before it started. In 2006, the national team coach was Lethola Masimong. Masimong wanted a national league created in the country in order to help develop the game and improve the national team's performance. Their comments came after the team was eliminated from the 2006 Confederation of Southern African Football Associations tournament.
In 2010, the country did not have a team competing in the African Women's Championships. The country did not have a team competing at the 2011 All Africa Games. In July 2011, the team played several games in Harare. On 2 July 2011, the Lesotho played Zimbabwe, losing 0–4. On 2 July, they played Mozambique. At half time, they were tied 2–2 but went on to win the game 3–2. On 5 July, they lost to Malawi 2–5. The games were part of the 2011 COSAFA Women's Championship. On 17 August 2011, in a game in Maseru, they lost 0–4 to Mozambique.
In 2006, Lesotho women's national football team was ranked 125. In 2007, they were ranked 144. In 2008, they were ranked 117. In 2009, they were ranked 92. In 2010, they were ranked 128. In 2011, they were ranked 136. In March 2012, they were ranked 135th best in the world. In June 2012, the team was ranked the 135th best in the world.
Background and development
Early development of the women's game at the time colonial powers brought football to the continent was limited as colonial powers in the region tended to take make concepts of patriarchy and women's participation in sport with them to local cultures that had similar concepts already embedded in them. The lack of later development of the national team on a wider international level symptomatic of all African teams is a result of several factors, including limited access to education, poverty amongst women in the wider society, and fundamental inequality present in the society that occasionally allows for female specific human rights abuses. When quality female football players are developed, they tend to leave for greater opportunities abroad. Continent wide, funding is also an issue, with most development money coming from FIFA, not the national football association. Future, success for women's football in Africa is dependent on improved facilities and access by women to these facilities. Attempting to commercialise the game and make it commercially viable is not the solution, as demonstrated by the current existence of many youths and women's football camps held throughout the continent. Nada Grkinic was FIFA's international development manager. In 2007, one of their goals was to work on improving women's football in Africa and included work specifically pertaining to Lesotho.
The national federation was created in 1932. They joined FIFA in 1964. Their kit includes blue, white and green shirts, white shorts, and blue and white socks.
Football is the third most popular sport in the country, behind netball and athletics. Inside Lesotho, football is used to develop women's self-esteem. In 2006, there were 5,200 registered female football players, of which 5,000 were junior players and 200 were senior players. The number of female players has been increasing. In 2000, there were 210 registered players. In 2001, there were 350 registered players. In 2002, there were 480 registered players. In 2003, there were 750 registered players. In 2004, there were 2,180 registered players. In 2005, there were 4,600 registered players. In 2006, there were 5,200 registered players. In 2006, there were 61 total football clubs in the country, with 54 being mixed gendered teams and 7 being all women teams. Rights to broadcast the 2011 Women's World Cup in the country were bought by the African Union of Broadcasting.
Results and fixtures
The following is a list of match results in the last 12 months, as well as any future matches that have been scheduled.
1998
2002
2006
2011
2022
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff
Managerial history
Lehloenya Nkhasi(20xx–2022)
Pule Khojane (2022-)
Players
Current squad
The following players were named on 20 August 2022 for the 2022 COSAFA Women's Championship tournament.
Caps and goals accurate up to and including 30 October 2021.
Recent call-ups
The following players have been called up to the Lesotho in the past 12 months.
Previous squads
COSAFA Women's Championship
2022 COSAFA Women's Championship squad
Individual records
*Active players in bold, statistics correct as of 1 January 2022.
Most capped players
Top goalscorers
Competitive record
FIFA Women's World Cup
Olympic Games
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
Africa Women Cup of Nations
African Games
Regional
COSAFA Women's Championship
*Draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.
See also
Sport in Lesotho
Football in Lesotho
Women's football in Lesotho
Lesotho women's national under-17 team
Lesotho women's national under-20 team
Lesotho men's national football team
References
External links
Official Lesotho Football Association website
African women's national association football teams
Barcelona Esporte Clube, commonly known as Barcelona, is a Brazilian football club based in Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro state.
History
The club was founded on December 5, 1999, the club being named after Fútbol Club Barcelona of Spain. They competed in their first professional competition in 2000, in the Campeonato Carioca Fourth Level, finishing in the seventh place, and then they competed in the Campeonato Carioca Second Level in 2001.
Stadium
Barcelona Esporte Clube play their home games at Estádio Barcelona Esporte Clube. The stadium has a maximum capacity of 5,000 people.
References
Association football clubs established in 1999
Football clubs in Rio de Janeiro (state)
1999 establishments in Brazil
Lucy Karim (previously Rickman) is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street portrayed by Grace Palmer. They made their first screen appearance on the episode broadcast on 25 August 2014. They were introduced as a mysterious person with an obsession to the hospital CEO Rachel McKenna (Angela Bloomfield). It was later revealed that their father had an affair with Rachel ultimately destroying their family. Them storylines have focused mainly on their short-lived relationships, marriage with Ali Karim (Tane Williams-Accra), and their unsteady relationship with their father Glenn Rickman (Will Wallace).
Casting
Grace Palmer, stepdaughter entertainer Jason Gunn, was cast as new nurse Lucy Rickman. Palmer was living in Sydney when asked to audition for Shortland Street in June 2014. They were later told they had gotten the part by their New Zealand manager. Palmer had previously been taking acting classes in Sydney beforehand and has appeared as a guest in Home and Away. Palmer had previously worked as a waiter in Kings Cross six-weeks before they were cast. Palmer made their first appearance as Lucy on 25 August 2014.
Storylines
Lucy begins working at the hospital and it was clear they had an unhealthy obsession with hospital CEO Rachel McKenna (Angela Bloomfield) when they break into their house. When eventually confronted, it turns out Lucy despised Rachel for having an affair with their father Glenn in ten years beforehand, ultimately breaking up their parents marriage. The two began to grow close and Lucy moved in with Rachel, adopting a mother-daughter-like relationship. Lucy became best friends with Bella Durville (Amelia Reid-Meredith) but fell in love with their fiancé Dallas Adams (Cameron Jones), kissing them and destroying their engagement to Bella.
They start a relationship with Alex Dean (Richard Osbourne). However Lucy soon discovers they are gay and then helps them come to terms with their sexuality. They then starts to date Curtis Hannah (Jayden Daniels) despite their dodgy activity.  They are later shocked to find they are cheating on them and when they are arrested for been in position of drugs, they leaf him. They start to fall in love with Curtis' friend Ali Karim (Tane Williams-Accra). However Ali is engaged and deeply religious, causing them to get ostracized from their family when they chose Lucy over their fiancée through an Arranged marriage.
Lucy's father Glenn Rickman (Will Wallace) arrives, under the pretense of getting closer to their daughter. Lucy and Ali marry. Ali suffers a head injury from being in a car accident. Their personality changes with them becoming unpredictable, moody and easily agitated to the point of being violent. They briefly separate but eventually get back together after Ali recovers. Lucy gets pregnant and the couple expect a baby girl.
After several earthquake tremors Lucy and Ali feel unsafe in their flat and decide to leave Ferndale and move into Lucy's family Bach. Whilst at Chris Warner (Michael Galvin)'s 50th Birthday, they start having labour contractions. Ali decides to drive them to hospital but then gets stuck in traffic because of a volcanic eruption. Lucy gives birth to their daughter in the car. Eventually making it to hospital they suffer postnatal internal bleeding. Them uterus had ruptured and they had to be rushed into theatre where Finn Connelly (Lukas Whiting) performs surgery on them including a hysterectomy. However, following the surgery, Lucy goes into cardiac arrest and dies soon after. They were later shown as a corpse as Ali, Esther and Kylie bid their farewells.
Character development
Characterisation
Palmer described their character as "mysterious to begin with". It was also said that their character "arrives with a bang". Palmer also commented that as their characters arrival storyline progresses their actions would become clearer. They were introduced as stalker to Rachel McKenna and arrives uninvited at Sarah Potts (Amanda Billing)'s funeral, overhearing Rachel tell Harper Whitley (Ria Vandervis) the security code to their house. They break into Rachel's house and searches through Rachel's belongings along with taking an interest in their family photos. They later goes about getting a job at the hospital and immediately starts investigating Rachel. They later confronts Rachel and blames them for spitting up their mother and fathers marriage, they tell Rachel that it was all down to their actions that their parents had split up.
Departure
Nearing three years on the show, Palmer had decided to leave Shortland Street and their character was killed off during the shows 25th anniversary episode. They wrote in a post on Instagram following their departure; "At the tender age of 19, I was gifted the most incredible opportunity ever. To the cast, crew, friends, family and fans, I'm so glad we did this together, and as sad as it is to say goodbye to my friend... I know it's time for me and Lucy to part. This experience has been a gift. The best nearly 3 years of my life, and I know it'll be hard to beat."
References
Shortland Street characters
Television characters introduced in 2014
Fictional nurses
Female characters in television
Jeff Atkins is a former American football running back.
Atkins grew up in the Butler housing project in Fort Worth, Texas. They attended Fort Worth's Eastern Hills High School. As a senior, they rushed for 2,333 yards and scored 25 touchdowns. They were the No. 1 recruit from Texas. They rushed for 310 and 329 yards in individual games and was later described as "the most celebrated player in the history of Fort Worth high school football."
They played college football as a tailback for the SMU Mustangs from 1983 to 1986, tallying 3,260 rushing yards and scoring 31 touchdowns. They set an SMU first-year student record with 218 rushing yards against Rice. They also broke Earl Campbell's Southwest Conference first-year student rushing record.
They were not selected in the NFL draft and tried out, unsuccessfully, with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in 1987. They attempted a comeback and played in several games for the Dallas Texans of the Arena Football League during the 1991 season.
References
Living people
American football running backs
Dallas Texans (Arena) players
SMU Mustangs football players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
National Football League replacement players
Robert Earl Jones (February 3, 1910 – September 7, 2006), sometimes credited as Earl Jones, was an American actor and professional boxer. One of the first prominent Black film stars, Jones was a living link with the Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s and 1930s, having worked with Langston Hughes early in their career.
Jones was best known for their leading roles in films such as Lying Lips (1939) and later in their career for supporting roles in films such as The Sting (1973), Trading Places (1983), The Cotton Club (1984), and Witness (1985). They were the father of actor James Earl Jones.
Biography
Early life
Jones was born in northwestern Mississippi; the specific location is unclear as some sources indicate Senatobia, while others suggest nearby Coldwater. A son of Robert and Elnora Jones, Robert Earl Jones left school at an early age to work as a sharecropper to help their family. They later became a prizefighter. Under the name "Battling Bill Stovall", they were a sparring partner of Joe Louis.
Career
Jones became interested in theater after they moved to Chicago, as one of the thousands leaving the South in the Great Migration. They moved on to New York by the 1930s. They worked with young people in the Works Progress Administration, the largest New Deal agency, through which they met Langston Hughes, a young poet and playwright. Hughes cast them in their 1938 play, Don't You Want to Be Free?.
Jones also entered the film business, appearing in more than twenty films. Their film career started with the leading role of a detective in the 1939 race film Lying Lips, written and directed by Oscar Micheaux, and Jones made their next screen appearance in Micheaux's The Notorious Elinor Lee (1940). Jones acted mostly in crime movies and dramas after that, with such highlights as Wild River (1960) and One Potato, Two Potato (1964). In the Oscar-winning 1973 film The Sting, they played Luther Coleman, an aging grifter whose con is requited with murder leading to the eponymous "sting". In the later 20th century, Jones appeared in several other noted films: Trading Places (1983) and Witness (1985).
Toward the end of their life, Jones was noted for their stage portrayal of Creon in The Gospel at Colonus (1988), a black musical version of the Oedipus legend. They also appeared in episodes of the long-running TV shows Lou Grant and Kojak. One of their last stage roles was in a 1991 Broadway production of Mule Bone by Hughes and Zora Neale Hurston, another important writer of the Harlem Renaissance. Their last film was Rain Without Thunder (1993).
Although blacklisted by the House Un-American Activities Committee in the 1950s due to involvement with leftist groups, Jones was ultimately honored with a lifetime achievement award by the U.S. National Black Theatre Festival.
Personal life
Jones was married three times. As a young man, they married Ruth Connolly (died 1986) in 1929; they had a son, James Earl Jones. Jones and Connolly separated before James was born in 1931, and the couple divorced in 1933. Jones did not come to know their son until the mid-1950s. Jones married two other times, to Jumelle Jones from 1938 to 1950, and Ruth Williams from 1960 until their death in 1981. They fathered a second son, Matthew Earl Jones. Jones died on September 7, 2006, in Englewood, New Jersey, from natural causes at age 96.
Work
Theatre
Filmography
Television
References
External links
Earl Jones Institute website
Robert Earl Jones profile, University of Wisconsin's Actors Studio audio collection
1910 births
2006 deaths
Actors Studio alumni
American male film actors
American male stage actors
Male actors from Mississippi
Hollywood blacklist
African-American boxers
Works Progress Administration workers
African-American male actors
American male television actors
20th-century American male actors
People from Tate County, Mississippi
American male boxers
Boxers from Mississippi
20th-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The plain honeyeater (Pycnopygius ixoides) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae.
It is found in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
References
Pycnopygius
Birds described in 1878
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Overseer may refer to:
Professions
Supervisor or superintendent; one who keeps watch over and directs the work of others
Plantation overseer, often in the context of forced labor or slavery
Overseer of the poor, an official who administered relief for poor people
Provveditore, gubernatorial title in the Republic of Venice
Website overseer
Overseer (rank), a rank in Arab armies.
Other uses
Aerojet SD-2 Overseer, an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) used by the US Army in the 1950s and 1960s
Many Holiness and Pentecostal denominations call senior church leaders "overseers" or "general overseers." This is a literal translation of the Greek word ἐπίσκοπος, which was borrowed into Latin as episcopus and ultimately became the English word Bishop.
CASM Overseer, a series of Chinese UAVs
Overseer, formerly The Overseer Project, a role-playing game based on the fictional game SBURB from the Homestuck universe.
Rob Overseer, British music producer
Overseer (probate), a person appointed by a testator to assist and supervise the work of the executors of a Will (mainly obsolete).
The Pyithu Hluttaw or People's Assembly () was the unicameral legislature of the Socialist Republic of the Union of Burma from 1974 to 1988. It was established under the 1974 Constitution of Burma and disbanded with the takeover of the State Law and Order Restoration Council (SLORC) in 1988.
Following the 1962 Burmese coup d'etat, there was no functional legislature in existence from 1962 to 1974, as the Revolutionary Council of The Union of Burma served in its capacity.
Under the 1974 Constitution, the People's Assembly was composed of members of the Burma Socialist Programme Party. Each term was four years. (In August 2010, the old Hluttaw complex on Yangon's Pyay Road used by Gen. Ne Win's military government was slated for occupation by Yangon Region government office and Yangon Region Hluttaw)
References
Legislatures of Myanmar
1974 establishments in Burma
1988 disestablishments in Burma
Defunct unicameral legislatures
Ignatów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Kamień, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Elijah Thomas Webb Residence is a historic home in Webb City, Missouri. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2020 as an "outstanding example of a high-style Queen Anne residence." The three-story building was built and has retained many of its original details. It is a rare surviving example of Queen Anne single-family architecture in Webb City. The residence was designed with an eclectic mixture of architectural features that include the Queen Anne, Italianate, Romanesque, and Eastlake movement details. The building has an irregular shape with a slate-clad hip roof with some lower gable sections and a polygonal tower on the front elevation. Red brick walls include contrasting bullnose corner bricks to create faux quoining on top a batter (walls) limestone foundation that extends five feet above grade. The most significant modification to the main building was the addition of a second-floor sleeping porch .
Background
Elijah Thomas Webb was born August 24, 1851, and was the oldest of the four children of John C. Webb and Ruth Davis Webb. The family moved from their birthplace in Overton County, Tennessee, to southwest Missouri in 1856 to start a new life farming. They first made their home approximately southeast of present-day Webb City, at the head of Turkey Creek. In February 1857, the father obtained of land from the government and began farming. During the Civil War, John Webb left their family and farm and served under General Sterling Price for the Confederacy. During this time, Elijah Webb assumed the duties of head of the household. After the war, John returned and increased their land holdings to .
In June 1873, John Webb discovered lead while they were plowing a corn field. John first attempted to mine the lead themselves but after approximately a year, they leased the land for mining and used the proceeds to develop real estate interests and build Webb City. John recorded the plat of Webb City in September 1875, and by December 8, 1876, the town of Webb City was incorporated as a fourth class city. Its prosperity attracted the Missouri Pacific, Kansas City, Fort Scott and Memphis, and St. Louis & San Francisco railroads to town.
In 1877, Elijah Webb enrolled at the University of Missouri in Columbia. They then attended the Gem City Commercial College in Quincy, Illinois, and returned to Missouri and worked for two years as the deputy county collector for Jasper County in Carthage before joining their father's business. On June 2, 1882, they organized the Webb City Bank. The father died April 13, 1883, and Elijah inherited the bank and a portion of the family's lead and zinc-rich land.
In 1883, Elijah Webb was treasurer of Webb City, school board member, and a director of the Joplin College of Physicians and Surgeons. By 1891, they were married with a son and President of Webb City Bank, part owner of Webb City Lumber Company and of the Webb City Water Works Company. Webb's business interests and mineral-rich land holding contributed to an estimated net worth of $300,000 (), allowing them to construct the high-style Queen Anne residence as a symbol of their success.
The exact construction date and the architect is unknown but the lot was purchased by Webb in 1891 and it is likely the house was built shortly thereafter. The house is shown on a 1906 Sanborn fire insurance map.
The house was listed after being nominated by the owners, Don and Becky Freeman, who purchased the home around 2010. The couple performed research and prepared the nomination form without the help of professionals.
See also
U.S. Route 66 in Missouri
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jasper County, Missouri
National Register of Historic Places listings in Missouri
References
External links
Historic buildings and structures
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
Queen Anne architecture in Missouri
Houses completed in 1891
National Register of Historic Places in Jasper County, Missouri
Buildings and structures in Jasper County, Missouri
Victorian architecture in Missouri
Italianate architecture in Missouri
Richardsonian Romanesque architecture in Missouri
Stick-Eastlake architecture in the United States
"She's on Fire" is a 1983 dance-pop, synthpop, and Hi-NRG song from the soundtrack of the film Scarface starring Al Pacino. The song was performed by singer Amy Holland, who had also recorded "Turn Out the Night" for the Scarface soundtrack.
Song information
Like "Turn Out the Night", this song had the lyrics written by Pete Bellotte and the music was done by Giorgio Moroder, the Italian music and record producer. This was the second and last of two songs that Amy Holland had recorded for the Scarface soundtrack. The song plays two times in the movie in the scene where Tony Montana is dancing with Elvira seemingly flirting with her, and in the scene where Tony is talking to Officer Mel Bernstein and watching their sister Gina dancing with their boyfriend Fernando. Like "Scarface (Push It to the Limit)", "She's on Fire" appears in the film in a slightly extended version with a guitar solo during the instrumental break and a repeat of the second verse. It is unknown if the extended version heard in the movie was released on a 12" vinyl record.
In other media
The song appears in the 2001 video game Grand Theft Auto III, where it is featured on the in-game radio station Flashback 95.6 (Flashback FM) along with four other songs from the Scarface soundtrack.
The song was also used in the video game Scarface: The World is Yours.
The rapper Lil Wayne sampled this song for their hit "On Fire" from their 2010 album Rebirth.
References
1983 songs
Amy Holland songs
Hi-NRG songs
Scarface (1983 film)
Song recordings produced by Giorgio Moroder
Songs written by Giorgio Moroder
Songs written by Pete Bellotte
MCA Records singles
The 1998 Rolex 24 at Daytona was a 24-hour endurance sports car race held on February 1, 1998 at the Daytona International Speedway road course. The race served as the opening round of the 1998 United States Road Racing Championship. It was the first year that the race was sanctioned by the SCCA.
Victory overall and in the Can-Am class went to the No. 30 Doran/Moretti Racing Ferrari 333 SP driven by Giampiero Moretti, Arie Luyendyk, Mauro Baldi, and Didier Theys. Victory in the GT1 class went to the No. 01 Rohr Motorsport Porsche 911 GT1 driven by Allan McNish, Danny Sullivan, Jörg Müller, Uwe Alzen, and Dirk Müller. The GT2 class was won by the No. 97 Konrad Motorsport Porsche 911 GT2 driven by Toni Seiler, Wido Rössler, Peter Kitchak, Angelo Zadra, and Franz Konrad. Finally, the GT3 class was won by the No. 10 Prototype Technology Group, Inc. BMW M3 E36 driven by Bill Auberlen, Marc Duez, Boris Said, and Peter Cunningham.
Race results
Class winners in bold.
References
External links
Car Information & Images
RacingReference.com
Race Results
24 Hours of Daytona
1998 in sports in Florida
1998 in American motorsport
Miami area may refer to:
Miami metropolitan area in southern Florida, United States
Miami, Oklahoma micropolitan area, United States
Seydol Crag (, ‘Seydolski Kamak' \'sey-dol-ski 'ka-m&k\) is the narrow, rocky ridge extending 2.9 km and rising to 1070 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica. It is surmounting the upper course of Sjögren Glacier to the west and south.
The feature is named after the settlement of Seydol in Northeastern Bulgaria.
Location
Seydol Crag is located at , which is 8.34 km west-southwest of Lobosh Buttress, 7.22 km northwest of Mureno Peak, 8.94 km north-northeast of Mount Hornsby, 14.25 km northeast of Laki Peak and 24.54 km south-southeast of Borovan Knoll.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR), 1993–2016.
Notes
References
Seydol Crag. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Seydol Crag. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Rozięcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Milu may refer to:
People
Milú (Maria de Lourdes de Almeida Lemos) (1926–2008), Portuguese actor and singer
miLù German singer who has worked with Schiller (band)
Other uses
Milü, an approximation for pi by Zu Chongzhi
Milu (mythology), the ruler of Lua-o-Milu, the underworld
Père David's Deer, milu () or elaphure, Elaphurus davidianus, a Chinese species of deer known only in captivity
Milu, Iran, a village in Hormozgan Province, Iran
See also
Snowy (character) (Milou in French), fictional character of Les Aventures de Tintin comic strip series
Miru (disambiguation)
Vikentij Makušev () (1837—1883) was a Russian Slavist and Albanologist.  They are best known because of their works about Dubrovnik.
They were born on 10 November 1837 in Brest Litovsk. Their father was military engineer. Their mother died in 1847 of cholera. In period between 1856 and 1860 they studied at University of Petrograd. In January 1863 Makušev was appointed as Russian consul in Dubrovnik where they spent five years researching archives of Dubrovnik.
Makušev was a professor at University of Warsaw. In Warsaw in 1871 they published their work "Historical researches on the Slavs in Albania in the Middle Ages" in which they presented the result of their research of over three thousand historical documents they studied in archives of Venice, Naples, Palermo, Milan and Ancona. The archival data they collected in archives in Italia is of great importance for the history of south Slavs. Makušev was described as Bulgarophile.
Bibliography
References
1837 births
1883 deaths
Saint Petersburg State University alumni
University of Warsaw alumni
Albanologists
Slavists
Zagórnik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubienka, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-east of Dubienka, south-east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Syria National Beach Soccer Team represents Syria in international beach soccer competitions and is controlled by the Syrian Football Association, the governing body for football in the Syria.
Current squad
The following is the squad picked to play at the 2010 Asian Beach Games in December 2010. A number of these players featured at the 2011 world cup qualifiers.
Correct as of December 2010
Achievements
FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup qualification (AFC) Best: Eighth place
2011
Asian Beach Games Best: Sixth place
2010
External links
Beach Games Squad
Asian national beach soccer teams
Beach Soccer
George Frank Norman Reddaway (2 May 1918 – 12 October 1999) was a British civil servant and Diplomat.
Career
The younger son of William Fiddian Reddaway (1872-1949), Professor of History at Cambridge University, Norman Reddaway attended King's College School, and later gained a Double First in Modern Languages at Cambridge. They joined the British army as a private on the outbreak of war in 1939. They spent most of the wartime years with the GHQ Liaison Regiment, leaving in 1946 with the rank of lieutenant-colonel. In 1946, after serving with the Allied Control Commission, they joined the British Foreign Office.
Under Under-Secretary of State Christopher Mayhew, Reddaway co-founded the Information Research Department (IRD), a secret Cold War propaganda department of the British Foreign Office. Mayhew and Reddaway had served together in GHQ Liaison Regiment.
Reddaway was also instrumental in providing anti-Communist propaganda in Indonesia during the 30 September Movement. The Foreign Office gave Reddaway a budget of £100,000 and told them "to do anything [he] could do to get rid of Sukarno". At the end of their career in the UK Foreign Office, they took charge of its information departments, which involved liaising with the BBC overseas services.
From 1974 to 1978, Reddaway was British Ambassador to Poland.
Personal
Norman Reddaway's son David also became an ambassador.
References
1918 births
1999 deaths
Reconnaissance Corps officers
British Army personnel of World War II
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Poland
Information Research Department
Paravattani is a residential area situated in the City of Thrissur in Kerala state of India. Paravattani is Ward 17 of Thrissur Municipal Corporation. Paravattani is situated near mannuthy
See also
Thrissur
Thrissur District
List of Thrissur Corporation wards
References
Suburbs of Thrissur city
TechAmerica is a United States technology trade association. It was formed from the merger of AeA (formerly known as the America Electronics Association), the Cybersecurity Industry Alliance (CSIA), the Government Electronics & Information Technology Association (GEIA), and the Information Technology Association of America (ITAA) in 2009. The organization claims to be the "high-tech industry's leading trade association". TechAmerica represents 1,200 companies within the public and commercial sectors of the economy. TechAmerica's stated goal is to provide "grassroots to global" representation for its members. To this end, the organization maintains an advocacy program in all 50 US state capitals, in Washington, DC, and in several international locations. In May 2014, CompTIA, a nonprofit trade association that serves IT professionals, announced it had acquired TechAmerica in a move to expand its public-sector presence.
History
In 2009, AeA and ITAA merged to form TechAmerica.
AeA
AeA started as the West Coast Electronics Manufacturing Association (WCEMA), formed by David Packard and 25 of Hewlett-Packard's suppliers in 1943. Within 20 years, the association had gathered over 200 members. In 1969, WCEMA was rebranded the Western Electronic Manufacturers Association (WEMA). Less than two years following that rebranding, membership reached to over 600. Once again, the association was renamed in 1977 to the American Electronics Association. In 2001, the branding was shortened to AeA.
ITAA
The Association of Data Processing Services Organization (ADAPSO) was formed in 1961. This association was renamed in 1991 to the Information Technology Association of America (ITAA). In 2008, ITAA merged with the Cybersecurity Industry Alliance (CSIA) and the Government Electronics Industry Association (GEIA).
2012 Cyberattack
The organization's website was attacked in April 2012 for their support of the controversial CISPA bill.
Sale of standards program
In July 2013, TechAmerica sold its standards program to SAE International.
Four lobbyists depart, TechAmerica sues for breach of employee contract
On November 4, 2013 it was announced that four TechAmerica lobbyists: Trey Hodgkins, Pam Walker, Erica McCann and Carol Henton had resigned, lured to the Information Technology Industry Council (ITI) which was able to raise $50,000 each from more than a dozen of its members to fund the acquisition of the four TechAmerica lobbyists.
TechAmerica filed a lawsuit against ITI and three of the departing lobbyists in D.C. Superior Court. TechAmerica's complaints include that the defecting lobbyists conspired in their new positions to use old contacts and other information acquired while at TechAmerica to help ITI find new clients for its neophyte effort focused on government procurement
Locations
Washington, DC (Headquarters)
Silicon Valley
Beijing, China
Services
Publications
Cyberstates - A report which quantifies the high-tech industry on a state-by-state basis in the United States.
Competitiveness Series - Reports covering relevant issues within the high-tech industry and U.S. competitiveness.
Senior staff
Todd Thibodeaux
President & CEO
Elizabeth Hyman
Executive Vice President, Public Advocacy
Nancy Hammervik
Senior Vice President, Industry Relations
David Sommer
Chief Financial Officer
L. Daniel Liutikas
Chief Legal Officer
References
Technology trade associations
Mass media companies
The Champs Chapel Museum of East Hendred is a local village museum housed in the former Chapel of Jesus of Bethlehem, built in 1453 by Carthusian monks and now commonly called Champs Chapel, at East Hendred in the English county of Oxfordshire (formerly in Berkshire).
Exhibits in the museum trace more than a thousand years of the history of East Hendred, a history which is closely interwoven with that of Oxfordshire, Berkshire and England. The museum is open on Sunday afternoons (April to October) and upon request at other times. Admission is free, although voluntary donations are welcomed. The museum is operated entirely by volunteers from local East Hendred Heritage Trust.
Some of the Museum collection has been digitised and accessible via eHive website.
References
External links
Museums with year of establishment missing
Churches completed in 1453
Chapels in England
Churches in Oxfordshire
History of Berkshire
Houses in Oxfordshire
Rural history museums in England
Local museums in Oxfordshire
Dulichiidae is a family of amphipods belonging to the order Amphipoda.
Genera:
Dulichia Krøyer, 1845
Dulichiopsis Laubitz, 1977
Dyopedos Spence Bate, 1857
Metadulichia Ariyama, 2019
Paradulichia Boeck, 1871
Paradyopedos Andres & Rauschert, 1990
Pseudodulichia Rauschert, 1990
References
Amphipoda
Blackland Radio 66.6 (stylized as BLVCKLVND RVDIX 66.6 (1991)) is a mixtape by American rapper SpaceGhostPurrp. It was self-released on May 1, 2011, and re-released in February 2017, by Yeah We On Entertainment. The majority of the mixtape is self-produced, and features guest production and vocals from Lil Ugly Mane, Main Attrakionz, Supa Sortahuman, and J.K. the Reaper. The artwork was created by Lil Ugly Mane and Chino Amobi.
Background
The mixtape pays homage to the hip hop scene of the 1990s. One of the influences for the album is the hip hop group Three 6 Mafia, which can be heard in the songs "Suck a Nigga Dick for 2011" and "Pheel tha Phonk 1990", and on its cover which was based on the classical Memphis Pen and Pixel style of covers. It features chopped and screwed vocals in some tracks along with game and movie samples such as Mortal Kombat screams and Godzilla sound effects which creates an experimental ambience throughout the mixtape. Themes on this Mixtape stem from sex to drug abuse, while doing so, over Lo-Fi, trap instrumentals. Spaceghostpurrp uses Southern Slang throughout the whole album while using extremely vulgar lyrics.
Reception
Blackland Radio 66.6 had a limited acclaim therefore obtaining sparse reviews. Brandon Soderberg of Pitchfork, rated the mixtape 7.1 rating out of 10, stating "Blvcklvnd Rvdix 66.6 (1991) is a mess of Three 6 Mafia-chanting, woozy Wu-Tang loops, DJ Screw wheeze, and Mortal Kombat and Godzilla sound effects, all paired with an off-the-dome rapping style that's equal parts Lil Wayne and Lil B".
Sputnik Music provided a favourable 4.0 out 5. The Miami New Times recognized Blackland Radio 66.6 in its Miami's Ten Best Local Albums, EPs, and Mixtapes of 2011 article, with an in-depth review stating, "The Carol City boy takes their raw rap style to the next dimension with touches of horrorcore, dabbling songs with a feminine screech and a Vincent Price-like laugh. They even get barebones experimental, leaving hardly a beat on their track Get Yah Head Bust."
Track listing
Sample credits
Information adapted from WhoSampled.
"Pheel tha Phonk" contains a sample of "Late Night Tip" by Three 6 Mafia.
"Legend of the East Pyramyds " contains a sample of "Strangers" by Portishead.
"Tha Real" contains a sample of "Tha Muthaphukkin Real" by Eazy-E featuring MC Ren.
"Fuck tha Goldiggaz" contains a sample of "Against All Odds" by Makaveli.
"Captain Planet " contains samples of "Remote Viewing" by Tangerine Dream
"Underground" contains samples of "Zombie 2 Main Theme" by Zombi 2.
"Get Yah Head Bust " contains a sample of "Soul Chamber" by Dan Forden.
References
2011 mixtape albums
SpaceGhostPurrp albums
Rakołupy Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Leśniowice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Neil Ryan is an English football head coach for the England U18s and former player who played as a defender. They played professionally in the United States USL A-League.
The son of former footballer Jimmy Ryan, Neil started their early football career playing at Luton Town in 1991 they were a youth team player for two seasons and eventually turned professional in 1994. Their professional contract with Luton ended in 1995 and they then moved to the United States and signed with the Richmond Kickers of the USISL Select League. They then moved through several teams in succession. In 1998, they signed with the Worcester Wildfire, but also played a few games on loan with the Cape Cod Crusaders of the USISL D-3 Pro League. In the fall of 1998, Ryan moved indoors with the Wichita Wings of the National Professional Soccer League. They spent two indoor seasons with the Wings. |url=http://www.capecodonline.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=%2F20000614%2FNEWS01%2F306149975&template=printart |title=Crusaders need to advance |access-date=15 April 2020 |archive-url=https://web.archive.org/web/20140915031211/http://www.capecodonline.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=%2F20000614%2FNEWS01%2F306149975&template=printart |archive-date=15 September 2014 |url-status=dead }}</ref> In 2001, Ryan finished their American career with the Portland Timbers.
In November that year, Ryan returned to England and joined Altrincham F.C. of the semi-professional Northern Premier League. They made their first appearance on 12 December 2001 in the Northern Premier League Challenge Cup. Ryan left Altrincham in September 2003.
In July 2018, after 15 years working through the age groups of U11 to U16 within the Manchester United academy, Ryan was appointed as the head coach of the club's under-18 side.
On 13 May 2022, Ryan was appointed a national coach with England men's teams after 19 years at Manchester United. On 16 August 2022, it was confirmed that Ryan would take charge of the England U18s.
References
Living people
1975 births
English footballers
English expatriate footballers
National Professional Soccer League (1984–2001) players
Richmond Kickers players
Boston Bulldogs (soccer) players
Cape Cod Crusaders players
Wichita Wings (NPSL) players
Portland Timbers (2001–2010) players
Altrincham F.C. players
Trafford F.C. players
USISL Select League players
USL A-League players
USISL D-3 Pro League players
USISL A-League players
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
English expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Association football coaches
Barton County (standard abbreviation: BT) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 25,493. Its county seat and most populous city is Great Bend. The county is named in honor of Clara Barton, responsible for the founding of the American Red Cross. It is the only one of Kansas' 105 counties to be named for a woman.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1867, Barton County was established and named for Clara Barton, it is the only Kansas county named for a woman.
In 1878, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway and parties from Marion County and McPherson County chartered the Marion and McPherson Railway Company. In 1879, a branch line was built from Florence to McPherson, in 1880 it was extended to Lyons, in 1881 it was extended to Ellinwood. The line was leased and operated by the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway. The line from Florence to Marion, was abandoned in 1968. In 1992, the line from Marion to McPherson was sold to Central Kansas Railway. In 1993, after heavy flood damage, the line from Marion to McPherson was abandoned. The original branch line connected Florence, Marion, Canada, Hillsboro, Lehigh, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Conway, Windom, Little River, Mitchell, Lyons, Chase, Ellinwood.
21st century
In 2001, an F4 tornado hit Hoisington during Hoisington High School's prom.
Geography
Barton County was drawn in the shape of a square. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water. The geographic center of Kansas is located in Barton County.
Adjacent counties
Ellis County (northwest)
Russell County (north)
Ellsworth County (northeast)
Rice County (southeast)
Stafford County (south)
Pawnee County (southwest)
Rush County (west)
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
U.S. Route 56
U.S. Route 281
Kansas Highway 4
Kansas Highway 96
Kansas Highway 156
Demographics
The Great Bend Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Barton County.
As of the 2000 census, there were 28,205 people, 11,393 households, and 7,530 families residing in the county. The population density was 32 people per square mile (12/km2). There were 12,888 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 92.98% White, 1.15% Black or African American, 0.51% Native American, 0.23% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 3.51% from other races, and 1.60% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.31% of the population.
There were 11,393 households, out of which 31.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.10% were married couples living together, 7.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.90% were non-families. 30.20% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.41 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.00% under the age of 18, 9.00% from 18 to 24, 25.10% from 25 to 44, 22.00% from 45 to 64, and 17.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 39 years. For every 100 females there were 93.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,176, and the median income for a family was $39,929. Males had a median income of $28,803 versus $20,428 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,695. About 9.90% of families and 12.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.00% of those under age 18 and 10.90% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Prior to 1940, Barton County was a Democratic-leaning swing county in presidential elections, being a national bellwether from 1912 to 1936. From 1940 on, it has become a Republican Party stronghold, with the solitary Democratic Party presidential candidate to carry it since then being Lyndon B. Johnson in their national landslide of 1964.
Laws
Barton County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement. The food sales requirement was removed with voter approval in 2004.
Education
Colleges
Barton Community College
Unified school districts
The five school districts are part of the special education area of Barton County called Barton County Special Services.
Central Plains USD 112
Ellinwood USD 355
Great Bend USD 428
Hoisington USD 431
Otis-Bison USD 403 (Rush County)
Communities
Cities
Albert
Claflin
Ellinwood
Galatia
Great Bend
Hoisington
Olmitz
Pawnee Rock
Susank
Census-designated place
Odin
Other unincorporated communities
Beaver
Boyd
Dartmouth
Dent Spur
Dubuque
Dundee
Farhman
Heizer
Hitschmann
Millard
Redwing
South Hoisington
Stickney
Townships
Barton County is divided into twenty-two townships. The cities of Ellinwood, Great Bend, and Hoisington are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Barton County, Kansas
References
Further reading
County
Atlas and Plat Book of Barton County, Kansas; Kenyon Co; 55 pages; 1916.
Plat Book of Barton County, Kansas; North West Publishing Co; 47 pages; 1902.
Trails
The Story of the Marking of the Santa Fe Trail by the Daughters of the American Revolution in Kansas and the State of Kansas; Almira Cordry; Crane Co; 164 pages; 1915.
The National Old Trails Road To Southern California, Part 1 (LA to KC); Automobile Club Of Southern California; 64 pages; 1916.
External links
County
Barton County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Barton County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
Kansas
Archips seditiosa is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in western Malaysia and Java.
The larvae have been recorded feeding on Albizia, Derris, Tephrosia purpureae, Hibiscus sabdariffa, Citrus, Solanum tomentosum, Cinnamomum zeylanicum and Glycine max.
References
Moths described in 1990
Archips
Moths of Asia
The Oklahoma State Cowgirls softball team represents Oklahoma State University–Stillwater in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Big 12 Conference. The Cowgirls are currently led by head coach Kenny Gajewski. The team plays its home games at Cowgirl Stadium located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Championships
Conference Championships
Conference Tournament Championships
Coaching staff
Notable players
Sources:
Conference awards
Big 12 Player of the Year
Lauren Bay, 2003
Vanessa Shippy, 2016, 2018
Big 12 Pitcher of the Year
Carrie Eberle, 2021
Kelly Maxwell, 2022
Big 12 Freshman of the Year
Jaime Foutch, 1996
Big 12 Newcomer of the Year
Leanne Tyler, 1996
Shelly Graham, 1999
Big 12 Scholar-Athlete of the Year
Vanessa Shippy, 2017, 2018
References
The Moldanubian Zone is in the regional geology of Europe a tectonic zone formed during the Variscan or Hercynian Orogeny (400 to 300 million years ago, during the Devonian and Carboniferous periods). The Moldanubian Zone crops out in the Bohemian Massif and the southern part of the Black Forest and Vosges and contains the highest grade metamorphic rocks of Variscan age in Europe.
The Moldanubian Zone was introduced by German geologist Franz Kossmat in 1927. It has a generally higher grade of metamorphism than the Saxothuringian Zone to the northwest. The contact between the two is a thrust over which the Moldanubian Zone moved over the Saxothuringian Zone during the Variscan Orogeny. In the east the Moldanubian Zone is thrust over the Moravo-Silesian Zone, which is also generally lower grade.
Geology
The Moldanubian Zone of the Bohemian Massif can be divided into two tectonic units: the Teplá-Barrandian Zone (or "Bohemicum") and the Moldanubian Zone sensu stricto ("Moldanubicum"). The last contains large granitoid plutons and nappes.
Moldanubicum
The Moldanubicum or Moldanubian sensu stricto consists of high grade metamorphic rocks. The protoliths may have a Proterozoic age, but their origins or ages are mostly unknown.
The tectonostratigraphy of the Moldanubian Zone sensu stricto is divided into three main units:
At the top the Gföhl unit, a stack of south-vergent crystalline nappes. It consists mostly of rocks of high metamorphic grade (up to amphibolite or granulite facies). These can be metamorphic sediments but also orthogneisses. In the lower part of the Gföhl unit contains amphibolites with early Paleozoic magmatic crystallisation ages occur. The Gföhl Gneis is an orthogneiss with an Ordovician granitoid protolith. These meta-intrusive rocks are intercalated with marbles (meta-sediment). Some peridotite lenses occur too. All of these rocks have high metamorphic grades (granulite and eclogite facies).
The Gföhl unit was thrust over the Drosendorf unit, which consists of a Proterozoic basement with an early Paleozoic cover of metasediments. Internal thrusting in this unit is, like the Gföhl unit, dominantly south-vergent. The base of the Gföhl unit is formed by the "Variegated Series", an assemblage of different metamorphosed rock types. The Drosendorf unit also contains orthogneisses with Proterozoic magmatic crystallisation ages (Svetlik and Dobra gneisses).
The Ostrong unit or "Monotonous Series" forms the lowest unit of the Moldanubian Zone. It consists of high grade metamorphic rocks with both igneous (orthogneiss and amphibolite) and sedimentary (paragneiss) protoliths. Lenses of eclogite occur, which were overprinted by granulite facies metamorphism.
Intrusions
These three tectonic units and their contacts are cut off by large batholith intrusions of late Variscan ages. The largest ones are the South Bohemian Batholith and the Central Bohemian Batholith. They consist of many different generations of intrusions often cutting through each other.
Tectonic history
The Moldanubian Zone is interpreted as the lower crust of a microcontinent called Cadomia or Armorica. This small piece of continental crust was sandwiched in between the larger continents of Laurussia (to the north) and Gondwana (to the south) during the Variscan Orogeny. Some authors think the microcontinent stretched far enough to also encompass the pre-Variscan basement of the Armorican Massif, others think a string of small microcontinents more reasonable.
Notes
Literature
; 1992: Phanerozoic structures and events in central Europe, in: (eds.): A Continent Revealed - The European Geotraverse, 297 pp., Cambridge University Press, , pp. 164–179.
; 2000: The mid-European segment of the Variscides: tectonostratigraphic units, terrane boundaries and plate tectonic evolution, in: (eds.); Orogenic Processes, Quantification and Modelling in the Variscan Belt, Geological Society of London, Special Publications 179, pp. 35–61.
; 1927: Gliederung des varistischen Gebirgsbaues, Abhandlungen des Sächsischen Geologischen Landesamtes 1, pp. 1–39.
; 2001: The Variscan collage and orogeny (480±290 Ma) and the tectonic definition of the Armorica microplate: a review, Terra Nova 13, 122-128.
; 2003: Gondwana-derived microcontinents – the constituents of the Variscan and Alpine collisional orogens, Tectonophysics 365, pp. 7–22.
; 2003: Erdgeschichte – Die Entstehung der Kontinente und Ozeane, 325 pp., Walter de Gruyter, Berlin (5th ed.), .
; 1990: Geological Atlas of Western and Central Europe, Shell Internationale Petroleum Maatschappij BV (2nd ed.), .
Geology of Europe
Geology of Germany
Geology of Austria
Geology of the Czech Republic
de:Variszische Orogenese#Gliederung der Varisziden in Mitteleuropa
This article lists the diplomatic missions in the Solomon Islands. The capital Honiara currently hosts only six embassies. Several other countries are represented by either their embassies in Canberra or Port Moresby.
Embassies/High Commissions in Honiara
Honorary Consulates
Other posts in Honiara
(Consular Agency, to be upgraded into an embassy)
Non-Resident Embassies and High Commissions
Resident in Canberra, unless otherwise noted.
(Jakarta)
(Singapore)
(Port Moresby)
(Port Moresby)
(Tokyo)
(New York City)
(Beijing)
(Port Moresby)
(Tokyo)
(Tokyo)
(Port Moresby)
(Port Moresby)
(Jerusalem)
(Tokyo)
(Tokyo)
(Kuala Lumpur)
(Port Moresby)
(Valletta)
(Wellington)
(Port Moresby)
(Beijing)
(Port Moresby)
(Port Moresby)
(Stockholm)
(Kuala Lumpur)
(Tokyo)
(Tokyo)
(Port Moresby)
(Tokyo)
(Tokyo)
Former Embassies
(Closed 2019)
See also
Foreign relations of Solomon Islands
List of diplomatic missions of Solomon Islands
References
Ministry of Foreign Affairs and External Trade of Solomon Islands
Solomon Islands
Foreign relations of the Solomon Islands
Diplomatic missions
The Wild House was a serialised children's programme produced between 1997 and 1999 broadcast by the BBC. The idea was created by Jean Buchanan, and later series were written partially by Mark Haddon, author of The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-time. It follows the life of Natalie Wild (played by Ellie Beaven) and the other members of the Wild family.
Information
The Wild House, while a reference to the family surname, also gives an apt description of the impression of the family. Natalie, who seems the 'normal' member of the family, is the character around which the show centres. The show is notable for its frequent use of soliloquy by, at various times, all of the Wilds (even the dog, Jasper). They speak directly to the camera, commenting upon their lives while dream-like images are projected behind them.
By the second series, Serena has left for Boston on a science scholarship. Later in the series, Mr. and Mrs. Wild join them in the USA. The family are now looked after by aunts, uncles and a granny. Cousin Georgina, a feisty 16-year-old, also moves in. In the finale, the rest of the Wild clan prepared to move stateside.
After the last episode of the series, the principal writer of the series, Jean Buchanan, revealed a new children's television series, Welcome to Orty-Fou. While more of a light drama than a comedy, it is based around an eccentric family, with the same use of soliloquy.
Characters
Natalie Wild
Played by Ellie Beaven, Natalie is the articulate 13-year-old "middle child", whose primary concerns we see in the transition from childhood to teenage years.  They are generally the "straight man" in the face of all the absurdities going on around them
Serena Wild
Serena (played by Honeysuckle Weeks), 16, is a typical teenager with teenage concerns, most prominently relationships. Them cousin Georgina, who later took their place, had just the same fixation, but was more rebellious and manipulative.
Arthur Wild
Nicknamed "Wart", Arthur (played by Peter Kelly) is defined by their obsession with wildlife.  They are consistently seen with dirt on their clothes and skin presumably from where they have been digging around looking for minibeasts- and seems impervious to this. They have no understanding of their sisters' or cousin's attitudes towards relationships and constantly says "Yuk!" at the slightest reference to them. They have a friend named Emily who is just as obsessed with animals, but in spite of them being a girl their relationship seems entirely platonic. Only once, in the final episode, did they kiss her, and even then they both said "Yuk" and wiped it away. Aside from this, another frequent saying of their is, "I bet David Attenborough never had this problem".
Mr. & Mrs. Wild
Played respectively by Philip Bird and Annette Ekblom, Mr. and Mrs. Wild take less of the stage than their children. They are, in most respects, both typical, average parents, with the possible exception of Mrs. Wild's using a megaphone whenever they want to make an announcement.
Cast
Ellie Beaven – Natalie Wild
Honeysuckle Weeks – Serena Wild (series 1 & 2)
Peter Kelly – Arthur Wild
Annette Ekblom – Mrs Wild (series 1 & 2)
Philip Bird – Mr Wild (series 1 & 2)
Meg Johnson – Aunt Yvette (series 2 & 3)
Doreen Mantle – Granny (series 2 & 3)
Catherine Bailey – Georgina (series 2 & 3)
Tilly Gerrard – Emily (series 2 & 3)
Holly Lambert – Annie Smerdon (series 2 & 3)
John Glynn – Matt (series 2 & 3)
Richard Burke – Dave (series 3)
David Blair – Gavin (series 3)
Jonathan Barlow – Uncle George (series 3)
Susan Edmonstone – Aunt Penny (series 3)
James Hickmott – Chris Kitto (series 1 – 3)
Crew
Jean Buchanan – Writer
Andy Watts – Writer
Mark Haddon – Writer
Philip Gerard – Writer
Sarah Louise Hawkins – Writer
Philip Gerard – Writer
Yvonne Coppard – Additional Material
Mark Haddon – Additional Material
Yvonne Coppard – Additional Material
John Smith – Director
Roger Singleton-Turner – Director
Roz Anderson – Producer
Marilyn Fox – Producer
John Smith – Producer
Production
Episode length: 25 minutes
Series One (12 episodes), 8 January – 26 March 1997, BBC1 Wednesday 4.35pm
Series Two (12 episodes) 7 January – 25 March 1998, BBC1 Wednesday 4.35pm
Series Three (13 episodes) 6 January – 31 March 1999, BBC1 Wednesday 4.35pm
Later production of Welcome to Orty-Fou:
Series One (7 episodes) 21 September 1999 – 2 November 1999
Series Two (7 episodes) 12 September 2000 – 24 October 2000
Ratings (CBBC Channel)
Tuesday 2 July 2002– 40,000 (3rd most watched on CBBC that week)
Thursday 4 July 2002– 30,000 (8th most watched on CBBC that week)
References
External links
BBC children's television shows
1990s British children's television series
1997 British television series debuts
1999 British television series endings
Television series about families
Television series about teenagers
In the traditions of ancient Hawaii, Kanaloa is a god symbolized by the squid or by the octopus, and is typically associated with Kāne. It is also an alternative name for the island of Kahoolawe.
In legends and chants, Kāne and Kanaloa are portrayed as complementary powers. For example, whereas Kāne was called during the canoe building, Kanaloa was called while the canoe was being sailed. Likewise, Kāne governed the northern edge of the ecliptic while Kanaloa governed its southern edge, Kanaloa is "the subconscious to Kāne's conscious". In this way, they represent a divine duality of wild and taming forces similar to (by Georges Dumézil, et al.) in Indo-European chief god-pairs like Odin–Týr and Mitra–Varuna, or the more widely known yin and yang of Taoism. Kanaloa is also traditionally depicted as an ocean god, hence their association with seamanship, or cephalopods. However, there are also interpretations that see Kanaloa as subordinate to Kāne.
Kanaloa is also considered to be the god of the Underworld and a teacher of magic. Legends state that they became the leader of the first group of spirits "spit out" by the gods. In time, they led them in a rebellion in which the spirits were defeated by the gods and as punishment were thrown in the Underworld. In traditional, pre-contact Hawaii, it was Milu who was the god of the Underworld and death, not Kanaloa; the related Miru traditions of other Polynesian cultures support this.
The Eye of Kanaloa is an esoteric symbol associated with the god in New Age Huna teaching, consisting of a seven-pointed star surrounded by concentric circles that are regularly divided by eight lines radiating from the inner-most circle to the outer-most circle. Huna, as a New Age religion developed in the 20th century by a Caucasian-American founder, bears no relation to the Native Hawaiian Religion. Native Hawaiians reject "Huna" as a mishmash of Hawaiian elements with European religious metaphysical ideas.
As a namesake
After Kanaloa, one prince was named — they were a son of the Chief Kanipahu and one of their consorts, either Hualani or Alaʻikauakoko.
See also
Tangaroa, the Māori god of the sea.
Tagaloa Samoan mythology
Tangaloa Tongan mythology
Taaroa Tahitian mythology
Te Wheke-a-Muturangi, a monstrous octopus in NZ Māori and French Polynesian lore.
References
Sources
G. Dumezil, Mitra-Varuna (MIT Press: Cambridge, 1988).
P. Turner & C. R. Coulter, Dictionary of Ancient Deities (Oxford University Press: New York, 2001).
External links
Web's Kanaloa authority
The annual Aloha Kanaloa Cultural Festival in Hilo, Hawaii
Hawaiian gods
Underworld gods
Magic gods
Hawaiian mythology
Mythological cephalopods
Animal gods
Grindleton is a village and civil parish in the Ribble Valley district of the English county of Lancashire, formerly in the West Riding of Yorkshire. Its 3,700 acres sit within the Forest of Bowland. The population of the civil ward taken at the 2011 census was 772.
History
Craven in the Domesday Book shows that up till 1066 Earl Tostig was lord of Grindleton and the surrounding areas of West Bradford, Waddington, Bashall Eaves, Great Mitton, Hammerton, Slaidburn, Dunnow, Newton, Bogeuurde, Easington, Radholme Laund and Lees. This amounted to 36 carucates (ca5580 acres/1800ha) of ploughland. The Norman conquest of England added it to the extensive lands of Roger de Poitou.
A caput manor in Domesday, Grindleton was subsumed into the Liberty of Slaidburn in the second half of the fourteenth century. Bowland underwent wholesale manorial reorganisation at that time, perhaps in response to the fall in population caused by the Black Death (1348–50) and the absorption of Bowland into the Duchy of Lancaster.
Both Grindleton and Slaidburn fell under the ancient Lordship of Bowland which comprised a Royal Forest and a Liberty of ten manors spanning eight townships and four parishes and covered an area of almost on the historic borders of Lancashire and Yorkshire. The manors within the Liberty were Slaidburn (Newton-in-Bowland, West Bradford, Grindleton), Knowlmere, Waddington, Easington, Bashall Eaves, Mitton, Withgill (Crook), Leagram, Hammerton and Dunnow (Battersby) . Until 1938, Harrop was an enclave of the Forest before it was subsumed into Grindleton civil parish.
Grindletonians
The Grindletonians were a small nonconformist Christian dissenting sect founded at Grindleton in the early part of the 17th century. The group's leader was Roger Brearley (or Brierley, Brereley) (1586–1637), a curate who worked at Grindleton, Kildwick and Burnley. The beliefs of the sect are unclear, but seem to have included Antinomianism, anti-clericalism and the concept of an earthly Paradise.
Notable current & former residents
Richard Holden of the Conservative and Unionist Party , MP for North West Durham Elected 2019.
Governance
The civil parish of Grindleton was created from the township (in the ancient parish of Mitton) with the same name in 1866. In 1938, a geographically non-contiguous area of Bowland Forest Low was transferred to Grindleton.
Along with Waddington, West Bradford and Sawley the parish forms the Waddington and West Bradford ward of Ribble Valley Borough Council.
Media gallery
See also
Listed buildings in Grindleton
References
External links
Office for National Statistics - Grindleton CP
Grindleton Conservation Area Appraisal
Forest of Bowland
Geography of Ribble Valley
Villages in Lancashire
Civil parishes in Lancashire
History of Yorkshire
Mabote District is a district of Inhambane Province in south-east Mozambique. Its principal town is Mabote. The district is located at the northwest of the province and borders with Machaze District of Manica Province and Machanga District of Sofala Province in the north, Govuro District in the east, Inhassoro District in the southeast, Funhalouro District in the south, and with Chigubo and Massangena Districts of Gaza Province in the west. The area of the district is . In terms of the area, this is the biggest district of Inhambane Province. It has a population of 45101 as of 2007.
Geography
The Save River borders the district in its northern part. There are no other rivers of any size in the district; several existing lakes are seasonal and only exist during the rainy season.
The climate is tropical arid, with the annual rainfall being around .
Zinave National Park is located in the district. It has the area of and occupies about a quarter of the total area of the district.
History
In 1986, Mabote District, which was previously a posto belonging to Govuro District, was made a separate district.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos, Mabote, Zimane, and Zinave, which in total include eight localities.
Demographics
As of 2005, 41% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 17% did speak Portuguese. The population was predominantly Tswa, speaking Tswa language. 81% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Economy
There is limited production of natural gas in the district.
Agriculture
The district has of agricultural lands. The main agricultural products are corn, sorghum, peanuts, and cowpea.
Transportation
The road between Mabote and Mapihnahe, long, provides connection to the national road EN1. Most of the of secondary roads become impassable in the rainy season.
References
Districts in Inhambane Province
States and territories established in 1986
Les marchands de rêves is a 2005 studio album of Corneille that became the most successful of their albums reaching #3 in the French Albums Chart.
In 2006, the album was rereleased as a package Parce qu'on vient de loin / Les marchands de rêves with the debut studio album of Corneille Parce qu'on vient de loin
Track listing
"Reposez en paix"
"Lettre à la maison blanche"
"Si tu savais"
"Sur la tombe de mes gens"
"Petite sœur"
"Le bon Dieu est une femme"
"Les marchands de rêves"
"Notre jour viendra"
"A Lie"
"Iwacu"
"Toujours le même"
"Ca arrive"
"Quand on aime tant"
"Viens"
References
2005 albums
Corneille (singer) albums
QUI, or qui, may refer to:
Queen's University of Ireland
Qui ?, an album by French-Armenian singer Charles Aznavour
Qui...?, a 1989 new beat hit single by the Brussels Sound Revolution, satirizing Belgian politician Paul Vandenboeynants.
Qui (band), an American independent rock band
Qui, Iran, a village in Zanjan Province, Iran
qui, the ISO 639-3 code for the Quileute language, spoken in Washington state, United States
QUI, the National Rail code for Quintrell Downs railway station, Cornwall, UK
See also
The thoracic spinal nerve 11 (T11) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.
It originates from the spinal column from below the thoracic vertebra 11 (T11).
References
Spinal nerves
Poczekajka may refer to:
Poczekajka, Gmina Ruda-Huta, a village in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, Poland
Poczekajka, Gmina Żmudź, a village in Chełm County
Idiornithidae is an extinct family of Cariamiformes. Fossils of these birds were found mainly in the phosphorus layers of Quercy in south-western France. Other specimens have been found throughout Germany as well.
Description
The Idiornithidae were medium-sized birds with slender, long legs. Several postcranial bones of the genera Gypsornis and Idiornis have been found, with the only species leaving behind an articulated skeleton with the skull intact.The limited fossil evidence suggested that Idiornithidae much resembled seriemas. They were, however, smaller, some of them the size of the average pheasant. Until recently, idiornithids were commonly regarded as a suborder of the Gruiformes, but they are now classified as Cariamiformes.
References
Gerald Mayr: Paleogene Fossil Birds, Springer, 2009,
Prehistoric bird families
In Case You Didn't Feel Like Plugging In is a live album by Seattle Alternative rock band The Posies. A recording of the 24 February 2000 show on their acoustic tour, at The Showbox in Seattle.
Track listing
"Grant Hart"
"Every Bitter Drop"
"Flavor of the Month"
"Believe in Something Other (Than Yourself)"
"Suddenly Mary"
(Tape Change Break)
"Solar Sister"
"I May Hate You Sometimes"
(Sick F's)
"Please Return It"
"Precious Moments"
(Brownie)
"Throwaway"
References
The Posies albums
2000 live albums
The Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR) is a now-defunct government science agency in New Zealand, founded in 1926 and broken into Crown Research Institutes in 1992.
Foundation
DSIR was founded in 1926 by Ernest Marsden after calls from Ernest Rutherford for government to support education and research and on the back of the Imperial Economic Conference in London in October and November 1923, when various colonies discussed setting up such departments. It initially received funding from sources such as the Empire Marketing Board. The initial plans also included a new agricultural college, to be jointly founded by Auckland and Victoria University Colleges, Palmerston North was chosen as the site for this and it grew to become Massey University.
Structure
DSIR initially had five divisions:
Grasslands in Palmerston North
Plant Diseases in Auckland
Entomology, attached to the Cawthron Institute in Nelson
Soil Survey (later Soil Bureau) in Taita
Agronomy (later Crop Research Division) in Lincoln
Geophysics Division from 1951
The later Antarctic Division became Antarctica New Zealand in 1996.
List of directors-general
The following is a list of Directors-General (Chief Executive) of DSIR:
Ernest Marsden - 1926 to 1947
Frank Callaghan - 1947 to 1953
Bill Hamilton - 1953 to 1971
Eddie Robertson - 1971 to 1980
Bruce Miller - 1980 to 1984
Jim Ellis - 1984 to 1989
Mike Collins - 1989 to 1994
Dissolution
Reconstituted into initially 10 semi-independent entities called Crown Research Institutes by the Crown Research Institutes Act 1992, with some further consolidation since.
See also
Further reading
References
External links
Department of Scientific and Industrial Research entry in the 1966 edition of the Encyclopaedia of New Zealand
1926 establishments in New Zealand
1992 disestablishments in New Zealand
Scientific organisations based in New Zealand
Former government agencies of New Zealand
Citrobacter pasteurii is a bacterium from the genus Citrobacter which has been isolated from human feces in Kentucky in the United States.
References
Bacteria described in 2015
pasteurii
Bojan Mihajlović may refer to:
Bojan Mihajlović (fighter) (born 1980), Serbian mixed martial artist
Bojan Mihajlović (footballer, born 1973), Serbian football midfielder
Bojan Mihajlović (footballer, born 1988), Bosnian-Herzegovinian football defender
Tir Kola (, also Romanized as Tīr Kolā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 267, in 71 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Nicholas Odjer (born 3 May 1995) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a winger for Tema Youth SC.
Club career
Odjer started playing for youth side Mighty Eagles. They made their senior debuts for Tema Youth sc in 2012, aged only 16. Odjer Scored their first goal for Tema Youth when they came on as a substitute in a 1–1 draw with Wassaman in 2012. . Nicholas odjer is the senior brother of Moses Odjer who plays for Italian seria B side Salernitana.
References
1995 births
People from Tema
Living people
Ghanaian footballers
Association football midfielders
Tema Youth players
Jordan Michael Fowler (born 1 October 1984) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a midfielder.
External links
Profile at Havant & Waterlooville F.C.
1984 births
Living people
Footballers from Barking, London
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Arsenal F.C. players
Chesterfield F.C. players
Dagenham & Redbridge F.C. players
Kettering Town F.C. players
Havant & Waterlooville F.C. players
Bishop's Stortford F.C. players
Harlow Town F.C. players
Hemel Hempstead Town F.C. players
Wingate & Finchley F.C. players
English Football League players
Charles White (1823 – 18 February 1873) was an English cricketer who played for Surrey. They were born and died in Southwark.
White made a single first-class appearance, in 1850, against Middlesex. Batting in the tailend, they scored a duck in their only innings.
External links
Charles White at Cricket Archive
1823 births
1873 deaths
English cricketers
Surrey cricketers
Gandy is a surname. Notable persons with that surname include:
Andrew Jackson Gandy (1924–1942), American naval seaman
Antonio Gandy-Golden (born 1998), American football player
Bruce Gandy (born 1962), Canadian bagpipe player
Charles Gandy (1872–1943), French physician
Christopher Henry Gandy (1867–1907), British cricketer
David Gandy (born 1980), British male model
Dylan Gandy (born 1982), American football player
Edythe Evelyn Gandy (1920–2007), American politician
Ellen Gandy (born 1991), British swimmer
George Gandy (1851–1946), American entrepreneur
Harry Luther Gandy (1881–1957), American politician
Helen Gandy (1897–1988), American civil servant
James Gandy (1619–1689), British portrait painter
John Manuel Gandy (1870–1947), American college president
John Peter Gandy aka John Deering (1787–1850), British architect
Joseph Edward Gandy (1847–1934), American politician
Joseph Michael Gandy (1771–1843), British artist
Kim Gandy (born 1954), American feminist activist
Matthew Gandy (born 1965), British urbanist and professor of geography
Michael Gandy (1778–1862), British architect
Mike Gandy (born 1979), American football player
Oscar H. Gandy Jr. (born c.1944), American professor of communication studies
Peter Gandy (born 1961), Australian athlete
Peter Gandy (author), British writer on religious topics
Robert Brinkley 'Bob' Gandy (1893–1945), American baseball player
Robin Gandy (1919–1995), British mathematical logician
Sam Gandy, American professor researching amyloid
Stephanie Gandy (born 1982), British American basketball player
Tanya Gandy (born 1987), American water polo player
Wayne Gandy (born 1971), American football player
William Gandy (died 1729), British portrait painter
See also
Gandhi (surname)
Gandy (disambiguation)
Ghandy (surname)
Surnames from nicknames
Occupational surnames
Deolali Assembly constituency is one of the 288 constituencies of the Vidhan Sabha (Assembly) of Maharashtra state in Western India. It is located in the Nashik district, and is one of the six assembly segments under Nashik (Lok Sabha constituency).
Members of Assembly
1990: Babanrao Gholap, Shivsena
1995: Babanrao Gholap
1999: Babanrao Gholap
2004: Babanrao Gholap
2009: Babanrao Gholap, Shivsena
2014: Yogesh Gholap, Shivsena
2019: Saroj Ahire, NCP
References
Assembly constituencies of Nashik district
Assembly constituencies of Maharashtra
Chorizocormus is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Chorizocormus include:
Chorizocormus reticulatus Herdman, 1886
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Chorizocormus leucophaeus Herdman, 1891: synonym of Chorizocarpa sydneyensis (Herdman, 1891)
Chorizocormus reticulata : synonym of Chorizocormus reticulatus Herdman, 1886
Chorizocormus subfuscus Herdman, 1891: synonym of Chorizocarpa sydneyensis (Herdman, 1891)
Chorizocormus sydneyensis Herdman, 1891: synonym of Chorizocarpa sydneyensis (Herdman, 1891)
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
Taxa named by William Abbott Herdman
The Plaza de Isabel II (also known as Plaza de Ópera) is a historic public square between the Sol and Palacio wards in the central district of Madrid. The plaza is at the convergence of (from the Puerta del Sol) and the minor roads Arrieta, , Caños del Peral, Escalinata and Vergara. It was formed by filling the ravine created by the Arenal stream and the source of the Fountain of the Canals of the Pear Tree. The square occupies part of the site where the old stood between 1738 and 1817.
The Teatro Real opera house, which sits on the western edge of the plaza, was ordered to be constructed by Isabel II for whom the plaza is now named.
Background
In the Middle Ages, a ravine formed by Madrid's Arenal stream served as a natural defensive moat on the edge of the Christian wall, near the . Some remains of the ravine are preserved in the adjacent roads, as is the tower of the . Between the 15th and 18th centuries, this space was known as the "Caños del Peral" and is thought to be the source of the Walls del Arrabal.
After the 1868 Glorious Revolution, the square was called Plaza de Prim, after Juan Prim, although it was popularly known as "Plaza del Barranco" due to the depression formed by the slope of Arenal Street and the . These gullies would be later filled during the reign of Isabel II when the Royal Theater was built.
Also in 1868, a statue of Isabel II, commissioned by , and made by sculptor , was placed in the center of the square. A year later, the statue was taken down and placed in the Royal Theater. It was replaced by an allegorical sculpture of Comedy by sculptor Francisco Elías Vallejo. The statue of Isabel II was returned to the square in 1905.
Fountain of the Canals of the Pear Tree
In Pedro Teixeira's 1656 work , the Fountain of the Canals of the Pear Tree appears. A spring that supplied the primitive medieval "qanats" and as a water source for the royal palace was covered over in 1809. Eventually, the entire area was developed, filling in the area around the Arenal ravine. The area facing the Royal Palace was also developed and is now the Plaza de Oriente. The fountain was rediscovered in 1990 with the remodeling of the Ópera station of the Line 2 of the Madrid Metro. Between 2008 and 2011, the space underwent a new renovation, which left interesting archaeological remains of the on display.
In film
In 1980, the plaza was featured in the opening scene of the Fernando Trueba film Ópera prima.
References
Further reading
External links
Plazas in the Palacio neighborhood, Madrid
Limnohabitans parvus is a Gram-negative, aerobic, oxidase- and catalase-positive, unpigmented, short-rod-shaped, nonmotile bacterium from the genus Limnohabitans, which was isolated with Limnohabitans planktonicus from the mesoeutrophic freshwater reservoir in Římov in the Czech Republic.
References
External links
Type strain of Limnohabitans parvus at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Comamonadaceae
Friedrich Eduard Eichens (27 May 1804, Berlin - 5 May 1877, Berlin) was a German engraver.
Biography
They were born in Berlin. They studied engraving first under Ludwig Buchhorn at the Prussian Academy of Arts in Berlin, and then went to Paris in 1827, with a grant from the government, where they received instruction from François Forster, then to Parma where they studied for three years under Paolo Toschi.
They subsequently visited Florence, Rome, Naples, Venice, and Milan. On their return in 1833 they became a drawing master in the Prussian academy. They died in Berlin in 1877.
Work
Eichens engraved some of Kaulbach's frescoes in the Berlin Museum, and also their Shakespeare Gallery. They also did numerous portraits of contemporary celebrities after photographs. Among their prints are the following:
Madonna; after Steinbrück. 1833.
Adoration of the Kings; after Raphael, 1836.
The Magdalen; after Domenichino. 1837.
Madonna; after Raffaellino del Garbo. 1839.
Portrait of Mendelssohn; after Hildebrandt. 1840.
The Vision of Ezechiel; after Raphael. 1841.
Frederick the Great as Crown Prince; after Pesne. 1846.
Come here; after Begas. 1847.
The Woman taken in adultery; after Pordenone.
Family
Their brother Philipp Hermann Eichens was a noted lithographer.
Notes
References
Attribution:
1804 births
1877 deaths
German engravers
Artists from Berlin
Wyman-Gordon Grafton Plant, formerly known as Air Force Plant 63, is a plant of Wyman-Gordon located in North Grafton, Massachusetts. It was purchased by Wyman-Gordon in 1982 from the United States Air Force, although the company had been operating as a contractor for the plant since its establishment. The plant is also home to the one of two of the nation's largest forging presses.
References
Plants of the United States Air Force
Grafton, Massachusetts
Wyman-Gordon
Li Weijun (), better known by their online alias Vasilii, is a Chinese streamer and former professional League of Legends player. In late 2017, Li was given an 18-month competitive ban by Riot Games for beating their girlfriend during a livestream, an incident which prompted Chinese authorities to investigate and arrest them for domestic violence. Prior to their suspension they were a member of LPL team Newbee, and was best known outside of China as the former AD carry for LCS team LMQ.
Career
2014 season
On 15 December 2013, LMQ left its parent organization Tian Ci and obtained a new sponsor in iBUYPOWER. With the assistance of its new sponsor, LMQ moved to North America to take advantage of the superior esports infrastructure. At this point, Dreams and Wayoff left the team, to be replaced by Royal Club top laner GoDlike, who renamed to ackerman.
While competing in the second Challenger Series, LMQ was also offered an invite to the North American Challenger League (NACL) Season 2 Qualifiers, where they went undefeated and secured a spot in the league. During the league's regular season, LMQ went 18–4 without a losing record against any team. During the March playoffs, LMQ defeated Cloud 9 Tempest 2–1 in the semifinals and moved on to face Team 8 in the tournament's grand finals. LMQ won the final series 3–1 and became NACL champions.
After having secured a spot in the semi-finals of the Challenger Series playoffs due to their tremendous number of points accumulated from both Challenger Series, LMQ went on to defeat Curse Academy in a 2–0 victory sending them to the finals against the tough Cloud 9 Tempest. After an initial loss in the best of five series, LMQ came back winning two in a row to make the series 2–1. Cloud 9 Tempest however, bounced back in game four to tie up the series 2–2. After a very low-kill game game five, Cloud 9 Tempest attempt to make a pick, but instead gets nearly aced and loses the game to LMQ. LMQ left the Challenger Series playoffs with a 5–2 record and went home with the grand prize of $16,000.
In April 2014, LMQ secured a spot for the 2014 NA LCS Summer Split after beating XDG Gaming 3–0 in the 2014 Season Summer Promotion Tournament. In the LCS, LMQ made an immediate impact, opening with a 4–0 week. Despite some relative floundering in the mid-season, LMQ found themselves back on top of the standings entering the last week of play. With a 2–2 week to end the season, LMQ dropped to second beneath Cloud 9. Although the two teams had the same 18–10 record, Cloud 9 held the tiebreaker with a 3–1 season head-to-head record against LMQ. Nevertheless, LMQ entered the NA LCS Summer Playoffs with the second seed and a first round bye.
In playoffs, the team fell to Team SoloMid 2–3 in a close series. They played against Team Curse in the 3rd place match and started off 0–2 but pulled off a reverse sweep and won the series 3–2. This qualified them for the 2014 World Championship where they were placed in Group C with Samsung Galaxy Blue, Fnatic and OMG. Despite a great start in the first day after defeating Fnatic and OMG, LMQ lost their remaining 4 games and was knocked out in groups. In December 2014, LMQ re-branded to Team Impulse with Li leaving the team and moving back to China due to having to take care of their family.
2015 season
Li joined Vici Gaming in November 2014 for the 2015 LPL Season. Vici finished the regular season of the spring split in 4th but they stumbled in the playoffs and lost to Invictus Gaming 1–3 in the Quarterfinals. However, Li subbed out halfway through the season with Endless because of their poor performances early in the season. After the Spring Split, Li did not play any other games for Vici, streaming under the organization instead.
2017 arrest and aftermath
Li was arrested by police in late 2017 after beating their girlfriend during a livestream. They were subsequently dropped by their team Newbee, and suspended from all Riot-sanctioned tournaments until 1 January 2020.
Following their release, Li announced they would shift their focus to streaming full-time. They streamed on Chinese platform DouYu until 24 January 2018, when DouYu announced it was suspending Vasilii's account and submitting a request to authorities to have them permanently barred from streaming online. Li began streaming on YY on 27 January, but their YY account was suspended two days later.
Tournament results
4th — 2015 Spring LPL season
3rd–4th — 2015 Spring LPL playoffs
Notes
References
Living people
Chinese esports players
ViCi Gaming players
League of Legends AD Carry players
LMQ (esports) players
EHOME players
Year of birth missing (living people)
This is a list of notable athletes and well-known Lethwei practitioners who competed, sorted by area of place of birth.
Myanmar
Tun Tun Min
Saw Nga Man
Lone Chaw
Shwe Sai
Too Too
Tun Lwin Moe
Soe Lin Oo
Mite Yine
Saw Ba Oo
Kyar Ba Nyein
Nilar Win
Wan Chai
Tway Ma Shaung
Win Tun
Canada
Dave Leduc
United States
Cyrus Washington
Europe
Artur Saladiak
Sasha Moisa
Julija Stoliarenko
Asia
Naimjon Tuhtaboyev
Nguyễn Trần Duy Nhất
Akitoshi Tamura
Athletes who competed in Lethwei at least once
Saiyok Pumpanmuang
Nilmungkorn Sudsakorngym
Pakorn P.K. Saenchai Muaythaigym
Diesellek TopkingBoxing
Iquezang Kor.Rungthanakeat
Singmanee Kaewsamrit
Detrit Sathian Gym
Berneung TopkingBoxing
Chanajon P.K. Saenchai Muaythaigym
Pongsiri P.K.Saenchaimuaythaigym
Avatar Tor.Morsri
Umar Semata
Corentin Jallon
Seth Baczynski
Doug Evans
Shannon Ritch
Shunichi Shimizu
Yuichiro Nagashima
Hartley Jackson
Literature
Maung Gyi, Burmese bando boxing, Ed. R.Maxwell, Baltimore, 1978
Zoran Rebac, Traditional Burmese boxing, Ed. Paladin Press, Boulder, 2003
See also
Lethwei
Bando
Naban
References
Lethwei practitioners
Lethwei
Association Sportive Maïka is a football club in Uvira, Democratic Republic of Congo. They play in the Linafoot Ligue 2, the second level of professional football in DR Congo.
Uvira
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Pseudogiria variabilis is a moth of the family Erebidae first described by William Jacob Holland in 1920. It is found in Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Gabon.
References
Moths described in 1920
Calpinae
In Māori mythology, Apakura is the wife of Tūhuruhuru, the son of Tinirau. They had several children, among whom are Tūwhakararo, Mairatea, Reimatua, and Whakatau. In another legend, Apakura is said to be the wife of Tūwhakararo, who was the son of Rātā and father of Whakatau. Whakatau was born in a miraculous manner, from the girdle or apron which Apakura threw into the ocean which was made into a child by a sea deity (Tregear 1891:15).
References
E.R. Tregear, Maori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary (Lyon and Blair: Lambton Quay), 1891.
Māori mythology
Women in mythology
Legendary Polynesian people
Wang Zhi (; born July 29, 1982) is a Chinese actor. They first rose to prominence in 2015 for playing Qiu Ya in the comedy film Goodbye Mr. Loser, which placed third at the box office with US$226.6 million in China.
Biography
Early life and education
A native of Anshan, Liaoning, they started to learn martial arts at the age of five. In 2004, they enrolled at the Central Academy of Drama, where they studied alongside Tong Liya. After graduation in 2008, they became a village official in Zhangzikou Village () of Yangsong Town () near Beijing. They worked there for three years.
Acting career
Wang's first role was a nurse uncredited appearance in the television series Witness (2007).
In 2008, they have appeared in a number of television productions, such as Eighteen Years in Enemy Camp, One Hundred Years of History, and Fruit of marriage.
In 2011, they got a small role in the historical television series All Men Are Brothers, adapted from Shi Nai'an's classical novel Water Margin.
In 2012, they were cast in Ma Yongzhen, playing the sister of Danny Chan Kwok-kwan's character.
In 2013, they had a cameo appearance in Ju Jueliang's The Patriot Yue Fei, a historical television series starring Huang Xiaoming, Ruby Lin, Gallen Lo, and Cheng Pei-pei. They had a supporting role in Painted Skin 2, opposite Hawick Lau and Michelle Bai. That same year, they were cast in the film Drug War, playing the wife of Louis Koo's character. They also provided the voice for Hong Tailang in the animated comedy film I Love Wolffy 2.
In 2014, they co-starred with Hawick Lau and Zanilia Zhao in the romantic comedy television series The Wife's Secret.
In 2015, they played Qiu Ya, the lead role in the comedy film Goodbye Mr. Loser, costarring Shen Teng and Ma Li. It was released in September 2015, and was instantly a huge critical and box office success. The film grossed US$226.6 million in China, and US$228.5 million worldwide. They won the Most Potentiality Award at the Macau International Movie Festival, and was nominated for Best Actress at the 33rd Hundred Flowers Awards.
In 2016, they appeared in Kwak Jae-yong's Crying Out In Love, a film adaptation based on the novel Socrates in Love by Kyoichi Katayama.
Filmography
Film
Television
Drama
TV Shows
Film and TV Awards
References
External links
Wang Zhi at douban.com
Wang Zhi at chinesemov.com
1983 births
Living people
Actresses from Liaoning
21st-century Chinese actores
Central Academy of Drama alumni
Chinese film actores
Chinese television actores
People from Anshan
Theodore Ryland Sizer (June 23, 1932 – October 21, 2009) was a leader of educational reform in the United States, the founder (and eventually President Emeritus) of the Essential school movement and was known for challenging longstanding practices and assumptions about the functioning of American secondary schools. Beginning in the late 1970s, they had worked with hundreds of high schools, studying the development and design of the American educational system, leading to their major work Horace's Compromise in 1984. In the same year, they founded the Coalition of Essential Schools based on the principles espoused in Horace's Compromise.
Life and career
Sizer was born in New Haven, Connecticut, the son of Caroline Wheelright (Foster) and Theodore Sizer, Sr. (1892–1967), an art history professor at Yale University. They received their B.A. in English from Yale in 1953 and subsequently served in the Army as an artillery officer. They later described their experience leading soldiers in a democratic and egalitarian fashion as a formative influence on their ideas about education. After teaching in high schools, they earned their masters and doctorate in education from Harvard University in 1957 and 1961, respectively. They were a faculty member and later dean of the Harvard Graduate School of Education, a position they held during the 1969 Harvard student strike. While dean, they reorganized the school into seven departments, expanding the resources available for research (particularly in the area of urban education), while expanding minority enrollment. In 1970, they received a Guggenheim Fellowship for Education.
Sizer left Harvard to serve as principal of Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts from 1972 to 1981, to lead a study of American high schools sponsored by the National Association of Secondary School Principals and the National Association of Independent Schools. From 1983 to 1997, they worked at Brown University as a professor and chair of the education department, and in 1993, they became the Founding Director of the Annenberg Institute for School Reform.
During their years at Brown, they produced most of their books, including Horace's Compromise. In it, they examined the fundamental compromise at the heart of allegedly successful American high schools. They suggested that the students agree to generally behave in exchange for the schools agreeing not to push them too hard or challenge them too severely. Thus, they widened the scope of schools that were failing to do their best to educate children far beyond the traditionally criticized poor and urban schools and challenged the conceptions of what could be considered a successful school. The ideas explored in their Horace Trilogy supply much of the foundation of the Coalition of Essential Schools.
Theodore frequently collaborated with their spouse and fellow educator Nancy Faust Sizer. After Brown University, the couple took a one-year position during the 1998–99 school year as co-principals of the Francis W. Parker Charter Essential School, which Ted helped found and served as a Trustee. Deborah Meier joined the couple in authoring Keeping School, based on the Parker experience. From 1997 through 2006, Sizer returned to the Harvard Graduate School of Education as a visiting professor. They and Nancy co-taught a course on redesigning the American secondary school, while they continued to work on the issues of integrating the multiple services that low socio-economic status families need in poor communities.
Sizer was a member of both the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the American Philosophical Society.
Theodore and Nancy Faust wed in 1955 and had four children together. They died at age 77 on October 21, 2009 at their home in Harvard, Massachusetts due to colon cancer.
Works
The Age of the Academies (1964)
Secondary Schools at the Turn of the Century (1964)
Places for Learning, Places for Joy (1973)
Horace's Compromise: The Dilemma of the American High School (1984)
Horace's School: Redesigning the American High School (1992)
Horace's Hope: What Works for the American High School (1997)
The Students Are Watching: Schools and the Moral Contract (1999, co-authored with Nancy Sizer)
Keeping School: Letters to Families from Principals of Two Small Schools (2003, co-authored with Deborah Meier & Nancy Faust Sizer)
The Red Pencil: Convictions From Experience in Education (2004)
The New American High School (2013, posthumously)
References
External links
Theodore R. Sizer Papers, 1939-2009, John Hay Library, Brown University
20th-century American non-fiction writers
Deaths from cancer in Massachusetts
Deaths from colorectal cancer
Harvard Graduate School of Education alumni
Yale University alumni
Brown University faculty
Harvard Graduate School of Education faculty
United States Army officers
1932 births
2009 deaths
Coalition of Essential Schools
Writers from New Haven, Connecticut
People from Harvard, Massachusetts
Schoolteachers from Massachusetts
20th-century American educators
Members of the American Philosophical Society
20th-century American male writers
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Fabio Moro (born 13 July 1975 in Bassano del Grappa, Vicenza) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a defender.
References
1975 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy youth international footballers
Ravenna F.C. players
Torino F.C. players
A.C. ChievoVerona players
A.C. Monza players
U.S. Salernitana 1919 players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from the Province of Vicenza
Bassano Virtus 55 S.T. players
Footballers from Veneto
Ilya Shinkevich (born 1 September 1989) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Dinamo Minsk in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL). They have previously played in the KHL with Russian entrant, HC Vityaz.
Shinkevich competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarus men's national ice hockey team.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Belarusian ice hockey defencemen
HC Dinamo Minsk players
Sportspeople from Minsk
Metallurg Zhlobin players
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
HC Vityaz players
Universiade silver medalists for Belarus
Competitors at the 2011 Winter Universiade
Imidazolidinyl urea is an antimicrobial preservative used in cosmetics . It is chemically related to diazolidinyl urea which is used in the same way. Imidazolidinyl urea acts as a formaldehyde releaser.
Safety
Some people have a contact allergy to imidazolidinyl urea causing dermatitis. Such people are often also allergic to diazolidinyl urea.
Chemistry
Imidazolidinyl urea was poorly characterized until recently and the single Chemical Abstracts Service structure assigned to it is probably not the major one in the commercial material. Instead, new data indicate that the hydroxymethyl functional group of each imidazolidine ring is attached to the carbon, rather than on the nitrogen atom:
Synthesis
Imidazolidinyl urea is produced by the chemical reaction of allantoin and formaldehyde in the presence of sodium hydroxide solution and heat. The reaction mixture is then neutralized with hydrochloric acid and evaporated:
2 + 3 H2C=O →
Commercial imidazolidinyl urea is a mixture of different formaldehyde addition products including polymers.
References
Preservatives
Disinfectants
Ureas
Hydantoins
The 1955 Edmonton Eskimos finished in 1st place in the Western Interprovincial Football Union with a 14–2 record and won the 43rd Grey Cup, repeating as Grey Cup champions.
Pre-season
Schedule
Regular season
Standings
Schedule
Playoffs
Grey Cup
References
Edmonton Elks seasons
Grey Cup championship seasons
N. J. Taylor Trophy championship seasons
Edmonton Eskimos
1955 Canadian football season by team
Jackie De Caluwé (6 March 1934 – 20 September 2021) was a footballer who played most of their career for Cercle Brugge.
De Caluwé is the player with the 5th highest all-time appearances for Cercle.
After playing their first ten seasons for Cercle in the Belgian lower leagues, in 1961–62 they made their Belgian Division One debut, and Cercle remained in the top flight for the rest of De Caluwe's career with them.
They ended their career as player-coach with lower division side SV Loppem.
References
1934 births
2021 deaths
Footballers from Bruges
Association football defenders
Association football midfielders
Association football utility players
Belgian footballers
Cercle Brugge K.S.V. players
Belgian First Division A players
Player-coaches
Belgian football managers
The Khait or Hoit landslide occurred on July 10, 1949 in the Hoit district in the Gharm Oblast in the Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic, then part of the Soviet Union. 'Khait' is a transliteration from ; local modern spelling: Hoit ().
The landslide was triggered by the 1949 Khait earthquake and buried 33 villages and has by some estimates killed 28,000 people. News of the landslide was not publicly revealed by the government and details of the disaster were not revealed until after the fall of the Soviet Union. A marble statue of a woman with their head and hands lowered and an expression of grief was later erected at the site.
Earthquake
The earthquake occurred at 09:45 local time on 10 July 1949. It had an estimated magnitude of 7.5 . It triggered hundreds of landslides throughout the epicentral area. Most of the landslides occurred along the sides of the Yasman River valley, a tributary of the Surkhob River, caused by the failure of unconsolidated loess deposits. The largest single failure was the Khait landslide.
The Khait landslide
This landslide began with the failure of a large mass of rock high on the western flank of Chokrak Mountain above the village of Khait. The rock mass began to travel to the northwest as a rockslide into the Obi-Khaus-Dara valley. Much of the debris flow material was deposited before the slide reached the valley bottom, but the frontal part of the slide began increasingly to incorporate loess material and to accelerate. This flow continued down the valley floor for more than another 4,000 m, despite the relatively low slope (3.6°). The flow broadened as it reached the main Obi-Kabud River valley, sweeping through part of Khait, crossing the river, before climbing a 25 m high terrace on the river's western bank and continuing a further 700 m, overwhelming the village of Khisorak.
The volume of the initial rockfall has been estimated as 54 million cubic metres (MCM), expanding to about 65 MCM as it broke up. The final volume of the landslide is estimated to be about 75 MCM. consistent with a volume of 10 MCM of loess material becoming entrained.
The total distance travelled by the flowslide is 7.4 km. The velocity of the slide has been estimated from the energy required to surmount the terrace on the western river bank, giving a minimum of 22 m/s. This compares with the reported delay of 3 to 4 minutes between the earthquake and the destruction of Khit, which suggests an overall velocity of 26 m/s.
Casualties
Published estimates for the death toll from the earthquake vary greatly between 5,000 and more than 29,000. There are no official contemporary records as information about major disasters was suppressed during Stalin's leadership. It is also unclear whether these figures refer to all those killed as a result of the earthquake, or only those caused by the Khait landslide. Estimates based on likely population densities in the two settlements that suffered the most damage, Khait and Khisorak, suggest that only about 800 people are likely to have died directly as a result of the landslide.
References
1949 earthquakes
1949 in the Soviet Union
Landslides in the Soviet Union
Landslides in Tajikistan
Landslides in 1949
July 1949 events in Asia
Arad International Airport is located west of Arad, in western Romania, in the historical region of Crișana. The airport is located only north of Timişoara Airport. Arad International Airport also has a cargo terminal, the largest and most modern in western Romania. It is located 250 km from Budapest and 300 km from Belgrade. It is located near the border with Hungary, only 30 km from the closest point for crossing the border - Turnu and 20 km away from the closest railway point for crossing the border - Curtici. The airport also serves as the SMURD regional air ambulance base for the five western counties that form the region (Arad, Bihor, Timis, Hunedoara and Caras-Severin). SMURD Arad operates 1 Eurocopter EC135 converted for the air ambulance role. Arad Airport is directly connected to the A1 motorway (part of the Pan-European Corridor IV), one of the most important and heavily used motorways in Romania.
History
On the land of the Gai suburb there already was an infrastructure with a runway, hangar and a terminal, from the military campaign from 1917. Here, on 14 July 1912, a big meeting took place when Aurel Vlaicu, a pioneer in Romanian aviation, returned from Aspen Vienna and they were seen by their fellow citizens as a national hero.
As a result of some negotiations that took place in order to build a new airport, on 30 May 1935 the civil municipal aviation give the land from the Ceala suburb where the constructions will start for building the infrastructure. The construction work ended in 1936 and the official inauguration of the new airport took place on 14 November 1937. From that moment all the air traffic was conducted on this location and the landings and taking off happened on a grass runway. In 1953 a concrete runway, 2000 meters long, was built, as the increased traffic demanded it. The A and D taxiways were built at the same time as the runway. The lighting system was rebuilt in 1954 using Elba lamps.
The current runway is east–west, concrete, with dimensions of 2000 × 45 m, and is endowed with a state-of-the-art IDMAN lighting system consisting of marginal and axial light, threshold lights, approach lightings on both directions of operation and a Category II instrument landing system.
Future Development
A runway extension to 2500 m (8202 ft) has been proposed for the past couple of years, however no viable financial solution has been found. The extension would allow heavier cargo aircraft to operate, making better use of the cargo terminal's capabilities.
Recent projects have taken into consideration the conversion of an unused part of the cargo terminal into a passenger departures terminal to attract more airlines to the airport. A passenger terminal extension or overhaul is deemed absolutely necessary for the development of the airport.
In June 2014, a contract was signed for the extension and re-design of the passenger terminal, including the conversion of unused space in the cargo terminal in a designated departures terminal. Once completed, the extension will bring more than 4,200 square meters of space for departures use and allow an additional increase in passenger flow of over 200,000 passengers/year. The existing passenger terminal will be used only for arrivals, while the new space will be transformed in a departures terminal. The cargo terminal will thus be reduced to 700 square meters of space, but the operator declared there still is sufficient space in the surrounding areas for future growth. Construction works are estimated to last 12 months.
Facilities
Cargo Terminal
The Arad Airport Cargo Terminal, the largest of its kind in western Romania, is a major component of the Arad International Airport and is located nearby the Arad Free Zone, being able to take the air freight traffic that connects Western Europe to the Middle East. It is located close to the Hungarian border.
Its location permits easy access for the companies operating in the counties near Arad (Bihor, Alba, Hunedoara – Romania and Békés, Csongrád – Hungary) for transporting cargo.
This objective can take over the air freight traffic, with all the facilities on the air-road transport, by making use of the operating - parking Cargo type platforms, the covered area for depositing the cargo that permits also the customs checking, the parking platform for the airplanes, and it provides the specific units for both the air and land transporters. The apron is 16020sqm, 41/R/C/W/T and offers the possibility of parking 3 class "C" and "D" ICAO airplanes at the same time. The terminal has a total surface of 5000 sqm, 13 access gates to the auto loading/unloading ramp and 4 access gates to the airplane loading/unloading ramp. Its capacity for depositing (arrival, departure) is 300 to/day and the traffic capacity (arrival, departure) is 50 to/hour. The parking area of a surface of 8430 sqm can offer parking spaces for 32 cars and 5 cargo trucks, having also 2 oil separators.
Airlines and destinations
The following airlines operate regular scheduled and charter flights at Arad Airport:
Statistics
Sources:
See also
Aviation in Romania
Transport in Romania
References
External links
Official website
Google Map - Aerial View
Airports in Romania
Airport
Airports established in 1937
1937 establishments in Romania
Jules Gaucher (13 September 1905 – 13 March 1954) was a French Army officer noted for their command of Foreign Legion troops in Indochina. Described as a "burly, hard-drinking veteran of years of jungle fighting, with a nose like an axe-blade and a mouth like its cut", Gaucher was a popular commander among the Legion, known as 'the Old Man' to their troops. They were killed at the Battle of Dien Bien Phu in 1954.
Early life
Gaucher graduated from the French military academy at Saint-Cyr in 1929 and was commissioned as a Sous-lieutenant (2nd Lieutenant). They were posted to French Algeria and served as an officer with the Régiment de Tirailleurs Algériens from 1929 to 1931. They transferred to the Foreign Legion in 1931 and served in North Africa with the 1st Foreign Legion Regiment (1e REI) and the 3rd Foreign Legion Regiment (3e REI). In 1938 they were promoted to Capitaine (Captain) and transferred to 5th Foreign Infantry Regiment (5° REI) in Tonkin. When open conflict erupted between the occupying Japanese and French forces in March 1945, Gaucher led their battalion out of Hanoi and marched to Dien Bien Phu, where they received an encouraging radio message from General Charles De Gaulle. Pursued by the Japanese, they then led their soldiers into China. They were promoted to Chef de bataillon (Major) that same year and returned to the Foreign Legion depot at Sidi Bel Abbes where they joined 13e Démi-Brigade de la Légion Étrangère (13e DBLE).
Indochina 1950–54
Gaucher was appointed to command of 3rd battalion of 13th demi-brigade (III/13e DBLE) in 1949 and returned to Indochina at the head of their battalion in 1950 as part of the French Far East Expeditionary Corps to participate in the First Indochina War. Under their command, III/13e DBLE served throughout Indochina – notably in the Delta (1951) and at the Battle of Hòa Bình (1951–52). In 1951 they were promoted to Lieutenant-colonel and asked to remain in Indochina with 13e DBLE instead of accepting command elsewhere. They served as second-in-command (executive officer) of 13e DBLE from 1951 to 1953, until in 1953 they were appointed as commander of 13e DBLE. They had the reputation of a tough and hard-drinking soldier.
Dien Bien Phu 1953–54
Gaucher was appointed to command of Groupe Mobile 9 during the Battle of Dien Bien Phu. The group (equivalent to a regimental combat team) comprised three infantry battalions, the/13e DBLE (Demi-brigade de Légion étrangère, Foreign Legion half-brigade), III/13e DBLE, and III/3e RTA (Régiment de tirailleurs algériens, Algerian sharpshooters regiment), and one artillery battery (the III/10e RAC). Stationed at the collection of strong points known as Béatrice to the northeast of the main base, Gaucher showed visitors that their men had cleared brambles and thickets to establish clear fields of fire and they expressed confidence in the formidable French defenses. By the beginning of March, Gaucher's men at Béatrice were taking casualties while on patrol, losing six officers in addition to the enlisted men.
On March 13, 1954, Gaucher made rounds among their men, pointing out weaknesses in defensive works and ordering final preparations for the attack they were confident would come that night. They told their men that Béatrice, overlooking the road and exposed on the northeastern edge of the French base, was "the little goat that the tiger eats for breakfast."
During the attack that indeed came that night, Gaucher's command post was hit by artillery fire. Suffering from serious wounds – the loss of both arms, severe injuries to both legs, and an open chest wound – they died at the hospital. Their command of the base's central sub-sector was passed on to Lieutenant-colonel Pierre Langlais.
Notes
References
Fall, Bernard B. 1966 (2002). Hell in a Very Small Place: The Siege of Dien Bien Phu. Da Capo Press.
Morgan, Ted. Valley of Death: The Tragedy at Dien Bien Phu That Led America into the Vietnam War, Random House.
Windrow, Martin. 2004. The Last Valley. Da Capo Press.
External links
Biography (in Italian)
1905 births
1954 deaths
People from Bourges
Officers of the French Foreign Legion
French military leaders
French military personnel killed in the First Indochina War
French military personnel of the First Indochina War
Vernon Larnard Norwood (born April 10, 1992) is an American track and field athlete who specializes in the 400 meters.
Biography
Raised in New Orleans, Louisiana, they are the son of Curtis Norwood and Charliette Ray. At Morgan City High School Norwood started running track in their junior year.
College
For South Plains College Norwood was a multiple time NJCAA national champion.
For the LSU Tigers they were a four time NCAA national champion.
Professional
At the 2015 USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships Norwood finished 3rd to secure a spot for the United States at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics for the 400 meters and 4x400 relay.
During the 2016 indoor season, Norwood made their second USA team. At the 2016 IAAF World Indoor Championships, they were DQ for stepping on the inside of their lane during the first round of the 400 meters, and won Gold in the 4 x 400 meters.
USA National Track and field Championships
International competitions
References
External links
Vernon Norwood athletic profile
1992 births
Living people
African-American male track and field athletes
American male sprinters
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
People from Morgan City, Louisiana
Track and field athletes from Louisiana
LSU Tigers track and field athletes
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in track and field
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in track and field
USA Indoor Track and Field Championships winners
World Athletics Championships athletes for the United States
World Athletics Championships medalists
World Athletics Championships winners
World Athletics Indoor Championships medalists
World Athletics Indoor Championships winners
21st-century African-American sportspeople
21st-century African-American men
Stenoma symphonica is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana and Panama.
The wingspan is 30–33 mm. The forewings are pale violet grey with the costal edge yellowish ferruginous and dark violet-fuscous markings. The discal stigmata are small, the second transverse. There is a transverse blotch on the middle of the dorsum, widened downwards, reaching half across the wing between the stigmata. A small spot is found on the middle of the costa, where a faint strongly bisinuate line runs to the dorsum at three-fourths. There is a wedge-shaped spot along the posterior fourth of the costa to near the apex, sending from the anterior extremity a curved row of small blackish dots to just before the tornus and there is also a terminal row of indistinct blackish dots. The hindwings are light ochreous yellowish, the dorsal half suffused with light grey and the apical edge greyish.
References
Moths described in 1916
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Stenoma
Werner von Erdmannsdorff (27 July 1891 – 5 June 1945) was a general in the Wehrmacht during World War II. They were a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. They were married to Helene née von Tschirsky und Bögendorff (1895–1982).
As last commander of the LXXXXI Army Corps in Yugoslavia, Erdmannsdorff surrendered to the British troops in May 1945.
They were extradited to Yugoslavia and murdered without trial on 5 June 1945 by Yugoslav partisans in Ljubljana, alongside generals Gustav Fehn (XV Mountain Corps), Friedrich Stephan (104th Jäger Division) and Heinz Kattner (Feldkommandant of Sarajevo).
They were the older brother of general Gottfried von Erdmannsdorff, who themselves would be hanged in Minsk in January 1946 for war crimes.
Awards and decorations
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 8 March 1942 as Oberst and commander of Infanterie-Regiment 30 (mot.)
References
Citations
Bibliography
1891 births
1945 deaths
Executed people from Saxony
Generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
Generals of Infantry (Wehrmacht)
People from the Kingdom of Saxony
German military personnel of World War I
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
People from Bautzen
Executed military leaders
German people executed abroad
People executed by Yugoslavia by firing squad
People extradited to Yugoslavia
Military personnel from Saxony
Reichswehr personnel
People killed by Yugoslav Partisans
Extrajudicial killings in World War II
Daughter of the Deep is a middle grade fantasy-adventure novel by Rick Riordan. The book was published on October 26, 2021, by Disney-Hyperion. The book is a New York Times best seller. Unlike Riordan's earlier books which dealt with mythology, Daughter of the Deep is a Retrofuturism science fiction novel set in a contemporary timeline of the world of Jules Verne's books Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Seas and The Mysterious Island. This is a derivative work, featuring machinery, tools and settings described in Verne's books, and characters who are descendants of Verne's characters. It combines both old and future technologies, melding together elements of both steampunk and artificial intelligence. The book incorporates the tropes of sibling rivalry and the recovery of lost ancient technologies. For example, Nemo's Nautilus – now under the control of their descendants – is described as having artificial intelligence and being capable of travel via supercavitation.
The book follows Ana Dakkar, who is a student at Harding-Pencroft Academy. They learn that at the end of their first-year student year, their class will take on a top secret weekend trial at sea. The book was inspired by Jules Verne's 20,000 Leagues Under the Seas.
Plot
Ana Dakkar, the novel's protagonist and narrator, who turns 15 during the novel, is a student at Harding-Pencroft Academy, a fictional five-year boarding high school for marine sciences, situated on a remote bluff on the southern California coast.
The book opens on a Friday morning just before the end of Ana's first-year student year, when they go for a swim near campus with their older brother Dev, a 17-year-old senior, who gives them their mother's pearl necklace as an early present for their fifteenth birthday. Ana and the 19 other ninth-graders at Harding-Pencroft then head to the docks at the nearby fictional city of San Alejandro for their end-of-year trials on board the school yacht the Varuna (named for Varuna, the Hindu god of the sea), which will determine their future at the school. The trials are supervised by Dr. Theodosius Hewett, their elderly Theoretical Marine Science teacher. However, shortly after leaving the campus, Ana and their classmates see torpedoes fired from a submarine at the base of the bluff on which their school sits, collapsing the buildings into the ocean. Dr. Hewitt, after launching drones to survey the wreckage, orders the freshmen back onto the bus, then onto the Varuna and out to sea, telling them that this is the work of a rival school, Land Institute, and that it is better for their own safety if the world believes them dead as well. They direct one of the boys, Gemini Twain, to act as Ana's bodyguard. Hewitt and the students then find themselves fighting off a commando raid at sea by Land Institute seniors who attempt to kidnap Ana; the abduction is foiled with the aid of a friendly bottlenose dolphin Ana named Socrates, who knocks their would-be abductor, Caleb South, out of the water. When interrogated, Caleb proudly admits that they and their classmates destroyed Harding-Pencroft and says that they were protecting the legacy of an outlaw and selfishly hoarding technology that could greatly benefit the world. Hewitt has them thrown overboard in their flotation vest and wetsuit to join their classmates who have been set adrift in a pontoon with their hands bound.
Hewett explains to Ana and their classmates that Jules Verne's novels 20,000 Leagues Under the Seas and The Mysterious Island are actually somewhat fictionalized accounts of real events based on interviews Verne conducted with real people involved in these events, and that Ana is descended from Captain Nemo (Prince Dakkar of Bundelkhand). Hewett tells them that Nemo was a genius who developed technology far ahead of their time and Harding-Pencroft Academy and Land Institute have been battling over this technology ever since then, and their rivalry has now erupted into actual warfare. In Nemo's submarine the Nautilus, they waged a guerrilla war on the colonial powers of the late 19th century, seeking their destruction as vengeance for the murder of their wife and eldest son by the British following their participation in the Indian Rebellion of 1857 against British rule.
After Pierre Aronnax, Ned Land, and Aronnax's servant Conseil escaped Captain Nemo, they founded Land Institute in an attempt to save the world order from Nemo by acquiring or duplicating their inventions and technology. Cyrus Harding and Bonaventure Pencroft, whose encounter with Nemo was described in The Mysterious Island, told their story to Verne in an attempt to change Nemo's image and protect their legacy, and founded Harding-Pencroft Academy in accordance with Nemo's last wish – that their inventions not be misused for greed and power by the world's governments and corporations or by Land Institute.
The first-year student trials were intended to be the ninth-graders' introduction to Nemo's technology, but Hewett feels that under the circumstances they must now tell them everything. Ana's friend and classmate Ester Harding, an orphan who is Cyrus Harding's fourth great-granddaughter, had been given the information months before but was sworn to secrecy by the Harding-Pencroft Academy board of trustees, under penalty of disinheritance. Long before the development of modern genetic science, Captain Nemo had learned how to biometrically link their greatest inventions to their own genes so that they might only be operated by themselves or their direct descendants, which means that only Ana, who is Captain Nemo's fourth great-granddaughter and (it is believed) last surviving direct descendant, may now operate them.
Unbeknownst to the students, Hewett is suffering from advanced pancreatic cancer, and they are found comatose in their cabin on the morning of their second day at sea. Ana takes command of the Varuna and uses one of Nemo's inventions to determine their destination, a remote, uncharted Pacific atoll named Lincoln Island, where Cyrus Harding, Bonaventure Pencroft, and their companions were marooned and where Captain Nemo died aboard the Nautilus. Along the way, they learn from data extracted from the drones Hewett launched after the school's destruction that Dev had broadcast a warning over its public-address system to evacuate. In order to approach Lincoln Island, which is heavily defended and concealed from detection by a cloaking device, they must decipher a code transmitted to them by Lincoln Island staff and send back a similarly coded message.
Upon their arrival at Lincoln Island, they are greeted by the island's caretakers: a couple named Luca Barsanti (who is descended from the Italian inventor Eugenio Barsanti) and their wife Ophelia Artemesia, and Jupiter, an orangutan who has learned to cook by watching The Great British Bake Off (and quite well, the students discover). Dr. Hewett begins to receive treatment with Captain Nemo's medical technology. Luca and Ophelia introduce the students to the Nautilus, which, save for some relatively minor internal water damage, is almost intact, after sitting dormant at the bottom of a nearby lagoon for approximately 150 years after Captain Nemo died in the command chair. Ana learns that the Nautilus is a specimen of artificial intelligence so advanced as to be sentient, and that Ana's parents, who died shortly before they entered eighth grade, discovered the Nautilus and were electrocuted in a rash attempt to board it. Ana successfully boards the Nautilus without incident by introducing themselves and asking for permission to come aboard, speaking in their and Captain Nemo's ancestral language of Bundeli. They then awakens the ship's advanced functions by playing a pipe organ Captain Nemo had installed on the bridge.
Ana and their classmates' exploration of the Nautilus are suddenly interrupted, however, by the discovery that the Land Institute seniors who attacked their school have followed them to Lincoln Island in their submarine the Aronnax, and a battle ensues. During the battle, Ana and the others discover to their horror that their brother Dev has turned traitor and is collaborating with Land Institute, and is commanding the Aronnax, from which they had broadcast the warning to evacuate after Harding-Pencroft Academy's defenses had been hacked and brought down. Ana discovers that Dev has hidden a tracking device in the necklace they gave them and immediately destroys it, then uses the Nautilus's advanced propulsion systems to flee. Two hours later, they find themselves in the western Pacific approximately 400 miles east of Davao City, Philippines, near the Palau Trench west of Koror City, Palau. There, while making repairs on the Nautilus, they meet a giant octopus the crew names Romeo; Ana befriends them with the help of a keytar and the Nautilus' artificial intelligence. They speed back to Lincoln Island, where a battle with the Aronnax immediately ensues. The battle ends with the Aronnax broken to pieces by the giant octopus and its crew plucked from the ocean and locked up in improvised jail cells, and a brawl between Ana and Dev which ends with them knocking them unconscious by shooting them with rubber bullets.
The novel ends with the Harding-Pencroft ninth-graders, Luca and Ophelia, and a recovering Dr. Hewett vowing to rebuild the school. Ana takes Dev, who was being groomed to take over the facility but has now forfeited practically everything, to see their parents' final resting place in the lagoon near the Nautilus.
Reception
Daughter of the Deep is a New York Times and IndieBound best seller.
The book received a starred review from Kirkus Reviews, as well as a positive review from Publishers Weekly. It received a mixed review from School Library Journal.
In 2021, the book received the Goodreads Choice Award for Middle Grade & Children's books.
Film adaptation
Riordan confirmed on March 7, 2021, that Daughter of the Deep was "crafted with screenwriting structure and development". They also said that there are talks of a possible future feature film adaptation for the book. They reaffirmed the plans for a film on October 24, 2021, whilst confirming that they would be co-writing the film with Aditi Brennan Kapil.
On April 4, 2022, Riordan revealed that the film rights were closed and that they would soon start writing the script.
References
2021 children's books
2021 fantasy novels
Novels by Rick Riordan
Works based on Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea
Rouville may refer to the following places:
Rouville, Oise, a commune in the Oise department, France
Rouville, Seine-Maritime, a commune in the Seine-Maritime department, France
Rouville Regional County Municipality, Quebec, an administrative unit in Quebec, Canada
Domaine de Rouville DGC, a disc golf course in Saint-Jean-Baptiste, Quebec, Canada
The Orphan Black Original Television Soundtrack is one of two soundtracks released on May 19, 2015 by Varèse Sarabande Records. It features music from the Canadian television series Orphan Black. The show was created by John Fawcett and Graeme Manson. Both soundtracks include a digital booklet when purchased with iTunes.
Track listing
References
2015 soundtrack albums
Orphan Black
Television soundtracks
The Medal of the Crown of King Zvonimir () was founded as a "visible sign of decoration for merits done, in peace or in war, for Croatian people and Independent State of Croatia."
The Medal of the Crown of King Zvonimir had three grades: silver, bronze and iron. The medal was created by Croatian sculptor Ivo Kerdić.
It was named for King Demetrius Zvonimir, a Croatian king.
Sources
Hrvatska odlikovanja (mr. sc. Stjepan Adanić, general-bojnik Krešimir Kašpar, prof. Boris Prister, prof. Ivan Ružić)
Recipients
Kurt Waldheim
See also
Crown of Zvonimir
Orders, decorations, and medals of the Independent State of Croatia
Awards established in 1941
1941 establishments in Croatia
Phosphoenolpyruvic carboxykinase may refer to:
Phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (diphosphate), an enzyme
Phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (ATP), an enzyme
Aglia Iliadhi (born 30 November 2004) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Apolonia and the Albania national team.
International career
Iliadhi made their debut for the Albania national team on 30 November 2021, coming on as a substitute for Qendresa Krasniqi against Kosovo.
References
2004 births
Living people
Women's association football midfielders
Albanian women's footballers
Albania women's international footballers
FK Apolonia Fier (women) players
Footballers from Vlorë
Outpost in Morocco is a 1949 action adventure film directed by Robert Florey, starring George Raft and Marie Windsor. Paul Gerard (George Raft), a Moroccan Spahi officer and their French Foreign Legion garrison, holds off attacks from the native tribes of the Emir of Bel-Rashad (Eduard Franz), the father of Cara (Marie Windsor), the woman they love. As a rarity amongst American films of the Foreign Legion genre, the Legion cooperated with the producers. A second unit led by Robert Rossen filmed scenes in Morocco. Some of the large-scale action scenes of the film were reused in Fort Algiers and Legion of the Doomed.
Plot summary
Spahi Captain Paul Gerard (George Raft) is assigned to lead a patrol to the city of Bel-Rashad en route to a French Foreign Legion fort. Gerard is to escort the Emir's daughter, Cara, who has been studying in France, to Bel-Rashad that is off limits to Frenchmen and investigate whether there may be anti-French activity in the city. On their ten-day journey Gerard and Cara fall in love. Leaving Cara at Bel-Rashad, Gerard reports to the Legion fort commanded by Commandant Fronval and their executive officer Lieutenant Glysko, a former Cossack.
One night at the Legion outpost, a sentry is shot by a sniper with all agreeing the bullet did not come from a usual musket. Gerard infiltrates Bel-Rashad discovering the locals are being armed with modern Mauser rifles. Detected, Gerard grabs a rifle and fights their way out being hidden by Cara in their room until they make their escape.
At the Legion fort it is agreed that Gerard must personally inform headquarters of these new developments. Leading a strong patrol back to the fort they discover that the fort has been destroyed with one wall being obliterated and all the Legionnaires are dead. Some of the Legionnaires, including Commandant Fronval, are found bound and executed. Gerard orders a raid of Bel-Rashad in retaliation led by Lt. Glysko to capture the Emir. The Emir is out rallying the tribes but Lt. Glysko brings back Cara as a hostage.
As the Legion has no cement, the wall is repaired with mud. The Emir lays siege to the fort, and diverts the river that leads to the fort's water supply with dynamite. Encouraged by their initial victory, the Emir hopes to unite all the tribes against the French. However, due to feelings of loyalty, gratitude or fear, none of the other tribes wish to attack the French. Faced with no water, Gerard plans a breakout and releases Cara. After Glysko prays to God. a rainstorm comes encouraging the garrison but destroying the mud built wall.
After the rain Gerard orders the approach route to the destroyed wall planted with landmines and covered by machine guns that they figure the Emir will use as their route of attack. At dawn the Emir leads their tribe to overrun the fort through the open wall. Cara tries to stop their attack. As Gerard sees them riding into the minefield to see their father, Gerard sadly orders the detonation of the mines and the crossfire to begin that wipes out the Emir, Cara and their tribe.
The film ends with tribal leaders ordering their warriors to lay down their rifles in front of Gerard and their officers, in acknowledgement that order has been restored in Bel-Rashad.
Cast
George Raft as Capt. Paul Gerard
Marie Windsor as Cara
Akim Tamiroff as Lt. Glysko
John Litel as Col. Pascal
Ernő Verebes as Bamboule – Gerard's spahi orderly
Eduard Franz as Emir of Bel-Rashad
Crane Whitley as Caid Osman
Damian O'Flynn as Commandant Louis Fronval
Michael Ansara as Rifle Dispenser (uncredited)
Ralph Brooks as Nightclub Patron (uncredited)
John Doucette as Card-playing soldier (uncredited)
James Nolan as Legionnaire Colonel Pascal's aide (uncredited)
Suzanne Ridgeway as Nightclub Patron (uncredited)
Ivan Triesault as Tribal Leader (uncredited)
Production
Outpost in Morocco was originally meant to be made by RKO in 1939, based on a story by producer Joseph Ermolieff. It was cancelled following the declaration of World War II, leading to Ermolieff suing RKO.
Ermolieff later succeeded in setting up the film with actor George Raft and producer Sam Bischoff, who had just created a company, Star Films, who had produced the film Intrigue. Outpost in Morocco would be their second film. (The company intended to make Mississippi Gambler and a fourth film set in Panama.) It was not a typical film for Raft.
Ermolieff and Star films created the company, Moroccan Films, and obtained finance from Pathe Cinemas of France.
The company got permission to actually film in Morocco using the real Foreign Legion. Raft travelled to Morocco in December 1947 with second unit director Richard Rosson, French-speaking cinematographer Lucien Androit, and French technicians. They spent nearly five months filming battle scenes and chases in Morocco, chiefly around the base at Bal Achard. Raft returned from Morocco in March 1948 with 85,000 feet of film.
The filmmakers spent the next few months sifting through the footage, actually completing the shooting script (the Moroccan footage was filmed on the basis of a long treatment), and finding local locations that matched the Moroccan footage. Interiors were shot later in the year at the Samuel Goldwyn Studio in Los Angeles. Marie Windsor was borrowed from Enterprise Films to play the female lead.
Reception
The film made a reasonable profit.
References
Production notes
Extras were provided by the French Foreign Legion at Fort Tinihir, made up of some 900 German legionnaires of the remnants of Rommel's vaunted Afrikakorps in French uniform and the Moroccan Spahis Cavalry.
External links
Full copy of movie at Internet Archive
Review of film at Variety
1949 films
1940s action adventure films
1940s English-language films
Films directed by Robert Florey
United Artists films
Films set in Morocco
Films shot in Los Angeles
Films shot in Morocco
Films about the French Foreign Legion
American black-and-white films
Films produced by Samuel Bischoff
Films scored by Michel Michelet
Films set in deserts
American action adventure films
1940s American films
George Walter "Sarge" Connally (August 31, 1898 – January 27, 1978) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. They played for the Chicago White Sox and Cleveland Indians.
References
External links
1898 births
1978 deaths
People from McGregor, Texas
Major League Baseball pitchers
Chicago White Sox players
Cleveland Indians players
Baseball players from Texas
RMS Empress of Japan was an ocean liner built in 1929–1930 by Fairfield Shipbuilding & Engineering Company at Govan on the Clyde in Scotland for Canadian Pacific Steamships (CP). This ship was the second of two CP vessels to be named Empress of Japan – regularly traversed the trans-Pacific route between the west coast of Canada and the Far East until 1942.
In 1942, they were renamed RMS Empress of Scotland – the second of two CP vessels to be named Empress of Scotland. In 1957, the Hamburg Atlantic Line purchased the ship and re-named their TS Hanseatic.
Concept and construction
By the 1920s the Canadian Pacific conglomerate had established a sea/rail connection between Europe and the Far East. The company's steamships would carry passengers from Great Britain to Canada, the same company's railroad carried passengers across the North American continent to Vancouver, where passengers boarded another Canadian Pacific ship that would carry them across the Pacific to Asia. This was at the time the fastest way to reach the Far East from Europe. In the late 1920s Canadian Pacific decided to modernize their Pacific and Atlantic fleets, with the aim of reducing the journey time between Europe and the Far East by two days.
The new liner intended for the transpacific service was envisioned at approximately 25,000 gross register tons, in length and capable of carrying 1173 passengers in four classes. Construction of the vessel was awarded to Fairfield Shipbuilding & Engineering Company at Govan near Glasgow in Scotland. They were launched on 17 December 1929 and named Empress of Japan. Originally Canadian Pacific had planned on constructing a sister ship for them for the Pacific service, but due to the Great Depression the second ship was left unrealized. Instead, the company decided to concentrate their resources on Empress of Britain, a larger version of Empress of Japan under construction for their trans-Atlantic service. Empress of Britain was approximately larger than Empress of Japan.
Service history
1930–1942: Empress of Japan
Empress of Japan carried out their sea trial successfully in May 1930, achieving a top speed of ; and on 8 June 1930, they were delivered to Vancouver for service on the trans-Pacific route. In this period, they were the fastest ocean liner on the Pacific, able to complete a one-way crossing in just nine days.
They would continue sailing the Vancouver–Yokohama–Kobe–Shanghai–Hong Kong route for the rest of the decade. Amongst their celebrity passengers were a number of American baseball all-stars, including Babe Ruth, who sailed to Japan for a barnstorming tour in October 1934.
The outbreak of war in Europe caused Empress of Japan to be re-fitted for wartime service.
Following the Japanese attacks on the Empire outposts in the Far East in December 1941, the name of the ship needed to be changed. In 1942, they were renamed Empress of Scotland.
1942–1957: Empress of Scotland
Following the end of World War II, Empress of Scotland was needed to meet the newly developing demands for trans-Atlantic passenger service. In the period between 1948 and 1950, they were rebuilt at Fairfield in Glasgow. These modifications were necessary to better meet weather conditions on the colder Atlantic route. This extensive re-fitting included a radical reconfiguration of their cabins from the original four classes to just two – first and tourist.
The Canadian Pacific Empress of Scotland completed their last trans-Atlantic crossing in 1957; and they were temporarily laid up in Belfast until being sold.
1958–1966: Hanseatic
Following their sale to Hamburg Atlantic Line in 1958, the ship was radically rebuilt to meet the expanding market for trans-Atlantic passenger service. The ship's rear funnel was removed, their remaining funnels and superstructure were rebuilt and their passenger accommodations were re-configured. The vessel emerged as the TS Hanseatic. The renamed and re-flagged ship was designed to carry as many 1350 passengers in comfortable luxury on the Hamburg-New York route.
On 8 September 1966, the ship caught fire at New York. The fire developed in the engine room and gutted five decks. On 28 September, the ship was towed to Hamburg, West Germany for inspection. Deemed beyond economic repair, they were scrapped shortly thereafter.
See also
Samuel Robinson, first captain (1930–1932)
Notes
References
Dawson, Philip. (2005). The Liner: Retrospective and Renaissance. London: Conway Maritime Press. ; OCLC 224483967
Johnston, Ian. "Govan Shipyard" in Ships Monthly. June 1985.
Miller, William H. (1988). Great Ship and Ocean Liners from 1954 to 1986: a Photographic Survey. Mineola, New York: Dover Publications. ; OCLC 16523042
__. (1995). The Pictorial Encyclopedia of Ocean Liners, 1860–1994. Mineola, New York: Dover Publications.
External links
Film of the Empress of Japan entering Esquimalt Harbour in the late 1930s
1929 ships
Ships built on the River Clyde
Ships of CP Ships
Steamships of the United Kingdom
Ocean liners of the United Kingdom
Troop ships of the United Kingdom
Steamships of Germany
Troopships of Canada
Ocean liners of Canada
Maritime incidents in 1966
John August Anderson (August 7, 1876 – December 2, 1959) was an American astronomer. They were born in Rollag, a small community in Clay County, Minnesota to the south of Hawley.
Biography
Anderson received their Ph.D. at Johns Hopkins University in 1907, and remained on the staff after graduation. In 1908, they became professor of astronomy at the university. In 1909, they were also given the responsibility for the Rowland ruling engines that were used for creating diffraction gratings, and the quality of these was considered excellent, especially the concave gratings.
In 1916, they left to work at the Mt. Wilson observatory. They remained on the Mt. Wilson staff until 1956. Their most notable contribution was their adaptation of the Michelson's interferometer technique for measuring close double stars. They used a rotating mask at the focus to measure the separation of Capella.
In the 1920s, they collaborated with Harry O. Wood to develop a of seismograph.
From 1928 until 1948, they were Executive Officer of the Caltech Observatory Council, working on the instrument and optical design of the main Palomar Observatory telescope. During this period they collaborated closely with George E. Hale and the Rockefeller Foundation.
They died at the age of 83 in Altadena, California. The crater Anderson on the Moon is named in their memory.
They were awarded the Franklin Institute's Howard N. Potts Medal in 1924.
Bibliography
Unless otherwise noted, the following publications were by John A. Anderson.
"On the Application of the Laws of Refraction in Interpreting Solar Phenomena", Astrophysical Journal, vol. 31, 1910.
"A method of investigating the Stark effect for metals, with results for chromium", 1917.
"The vacuum spark spectrum of calcium", 1924.
"The Use of Long Focus Concave Gratings at Eclipses", Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific, Vol. 38, 1926.
J. A. Anderson and Russell W. Porter, "Ronchi's Method of Optical Testing", Astrophysical Journal, vol. 70, 1929.
"Spectral energy-distribution of the high-current vacuum tube", 1932.
"On the application of Michelson's interferometer method to the measurement of close double stars", Astrophysical Journal, vol. 51, June 1920.
"Optics of the 200-inch Hale Telescope", Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific, Vol. 60, 1948.
References
1876 births
1959 deaths
American astronomers
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
"Anything, Anything (I'll Give You)" is a 1985 song by the alternative rock band Dramarama released as the first single from their debut album Cinéma Vérité. Written by John Easdale in the mid-1980s, "Anything, Anything" features a steady beat and lyrics about the breakdown of their marriage.
Although initially unsuccessful, the song saw commercial success after being played on KROQ and featuring on the A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master soundtrack. "Anything, Anything" remains one of the band's most famous songs and is a live favorite.
Background
"Anything, Anything (I'll Give You)" was written by Dramarama singer John Easdale in the period from 1984 to 1985, a time they recalled as "definitely not a high point in [his] life." The song was written as a reflection on Easdale's deteriorating marriage.
Lyrically, the references to drinking and pills were intended to reference partying, with the latter being used to rhyme with "a hundred dollar bills." The song features the same beat throughout, a feature Easdale explains was meant as "a way to keep the anguish constant."
Release
Dramarama were largely unknown until Los Angeles DJ Rodney Bingenheimer began regularly playing "Anything, Anything" on KROQ. The song garnered phone requests and was added to the station's rotation shortly thereafter. The success prompted Dramarama to move to Los Angeles; the track remains one of the most requested songs in the history of Los Angeles radio station KROQ. Easdale later described the song's success as a "miracle."
Music video
Two versions of the "Anything, Anything" music video were ultimately released. The first version, featuring clips of Edie Sedgwick from the underground 1972 film, Ciao! Manhattan interspersed with the clips of the band, was initially rejected by MTV due to the use word "pills" (which the band later rerecorded as "chills"). A second video was filmed in 1990 to accompany a re-released single by Chameleon Records.
Reception and legacy
"Anything, Anything" remains one of the band's most popular songs. Easdale reflected on this, "I love that people I have never met know the song. I love hearing strangers perform cover versions. I love that it is still getting played on the radio, on the internet and elsewhere. I love that I still get to sing it and that people still come to hear us play it in concert. I love that 30 plus years later, outlets like NOISEY are asking me questions about it. I have written many, many songs, but it is the only one that has really had a life of its own."
The song remains a live favorite for the band; according to Easdale, "It's a fun song to play, the crowd more often than not sings along, the best is when the audience is singing louder than me. 'Anything, Anything' is the only song that has consistently been performed at nearly all Dramarama live shows since 1985."
The single was featured on the A Nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master soundtrack. A short clip of it was also featured in an episode of Entourage. Since 2009 the song has been the name and title of Rich Russo's free form radio show Anything Anything with Rich Russo where the song opens the show each week. The song also features in the 2014 film Two Night Stand, as well as the 2003 film 11:14.
American talk show host Ellen DeGeneres has said it is their favorite song. For DeGeneres' 50th birthday, Ellen DeGeneres Show DJ Stryker surprised them by bringing Dramarama to the show to perform the song live.
Charts
Cover versions
In 1992, punk band Y-Fronts from Hannover, Germany covered the song on their EP Y-Fronts (Nasty Vinyl)
In 1994, punk band Big Boy Tomato covered the song on their EP Hormones and Hangovers
In 1994, rock band The Kaper covered the song on their album From Now On...
In 1997, grunge band Grey Daze covered the song on their album ...No Sun Today.
In 2000, rock band Buckcherry covered the song for the Road Trip movie soundtrack.
In 2005, punk band Heads Held High covered the song on their EP Building Up To The Breakdown
In 2006, punk band Lucky Boys Confusion covered the song for the EP How to Get Out Alive.
In 2016, alt rock band Beach Slang covered the song for the EP Here I Made This For You: Vol 1.
In 2018, psychobilly band The Thirsty Crows covered the song for the album Hangman's Noose.
References
1985 songs
1985 singles
American rock songs
Nilüfer Yumlu (born 31 May 1955), commonly known as Nilüfer, is a Turkish pop singer.
In 1992, one of their biggest hits, "Show Yapma", was included in the album Yine Yeni Yeniden. Also "Kar Taneleri" (1984, Nilüfer '84), "Mor Menekşe" (1988, Esmer Günler), "Esmer Günler" (1988, Esmer Günler), "Eğrisi Doğrusu" (1994, Ne Masal Ne Rüya), "Mavilim" (1997, Nilüfer'le) and "Dünya Dönüyor" (1998, Yeniden Yetmişe) are their well-known hits.
Together with the band Nazar, they represented Turkey in the Eurovision Song Contest 1978, where they shared the 18th place with Seija Simola from Finland. Since 1997 they have been Turkey's National Ambassador to UNICEF. In 1998, they were awarded the honorary title of State Artist of Turkey. They developed breast cancer, but beat the cancer after a nine-month treatment.
Discography
Albums
Nilüfer '74 (1974)
Selam Söyle (1976)
Müzik (1978)
15 Şarkı (1979)
Nilüfer '79 (1979)
Nilüfer '80 (1980)
Sensiz Olmaz (1982)
Nilüfer '84 (1984)
Bir Selam Yeter (1985)
Geceler (1987)
Esmer Günler (1988)
Sen Mühimsin (1990)
Yine Yeni Yeniden (1992)
Ne Masal Ne Rüya (1994)
Nilüferle (1997)
Yeniden Yetmişe (1998)
Büyük Aşkım (2001)
Gözünaydın-Olur mu? Olur mu? (2003)
Sürprizler (2004)
Karar Verdim (2005)
Karar Verdim + 3 Remiks (2006)
Hayal (2009)
12 Düet (2011) (sales: 114,000)
13 Düet (2013) (sales: 47,000)
Kendi Cennetim (2015)
Yeniden Yeni Yine (2016)
Kendine Bi' Şans Ver (2022)
45rpms and singles
Kalbim Bir Pusula - Ağlıyorum Yine (1972)
Dünya Dönüyor - Neden (1973)
Göreceksin Kendini - Aldanırım Sanma (1973)
Hatıra Defteri - Sen de Söyle (1973)
Arkadaş Dur Bekle - Kim Ayırdı Sevenleri (1973) (With Modern Folk Trio and Tanju Okan)
Akdeniz Çocukları - Akdeniz Çocukları (Enstrümental) (1973) (With Ali Kocatepe, Gökben, Ertan Anapa, Esin Engin ve Füsun Önal)
Al Beni Çal Beni - Körebe (1974)
Söyle Söyle Sever mi? - Başıma Gelenler (1974)
Boşver - Boşverdim (1975)
Oh Ya - Ara Sıra Bazı Bazı (1975)
Bau Mir ein Paradies - Anatol (1975)
Ali - Italiano (1975)
Bilder im Meinem Herzen - Warum mussausgerechnet er es sein (1976)
Of Aman Aman - Kaderime Kaderime (1976)
Kim Arar Seni - Başka Sözüm Yok (1977)
Ne Olacak Şimdi - Pişman Olacaksın (1977)
Sevince - Darling (1978)
Oh Oh - Beyaz Mendil (1979)
Ben Seni Seven Kadın - Kime Küseyim? (1981)
Sen Beni Tanımamışsın (2008)
Zalimin Kararı (2010)
Tik Tak (2019)
Filmography
Televizyon
References
1955 births
Living people
People from Beyoğlu
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1978
Liceo Italiano alumni
State Artists of Turkey
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Turkey
Turkish women singers
Turkish pop singers
UNICEF Goodwill Ambassadors
Singers from Istanbul
Turkish singer-songwriters
Turkish lyricists
Golden Butterfly Award winners
Hazarbasanov Ridge (, ‘Hazarbasanov Hrebet' \ha-'z&r-ba-sa-nov 'hre-bet\) is the mostly ice-free ridge extending 5.5 km, 2.4 km wide and rising to 1022 m on the southwest side of Sjögren Glacier on southern Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.
The feature is named after Dobri Hazarbasanov (b. 1960), physician at St. Kliment Ohridski base during the 1995/96 and subsequent seasons.
Location
The summit of Hazarbasanov Ridge is located at , which is 4.34 km southeast of Mount Hornsby, 6.57 km south of Survakari Nunatak, 8.51 km west-southwest of Vetrovala Peak and 6.4 km northwest of Draka Nunatak.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Hazarbasanov Ridge. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Hazarbasanov Ridge. Copernix satellite image
Ridges of Graham Land
Landforms of Trinity Peninsula
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
The International Simulation and Gaming Association (ISAGA) is an international organization for scientists and practitioners who develop and use simulation, gaming (in the meaning of learning games) and related methodologies: role-play, structured experiences, policy exercises, computer simulation, play, virtual reality, game theory, debriefing, experiential learning, and active learning. Gambling is expressly excluded from the interests of the organization.
See also
Serious game
Business game
Further reading
Simulation and Gaming Across Disciplines and Cultures: ISAGA at a watershed, a 25th ISAGA anniversary conference highlights
References
Role-playing game associations
International trade associations
International organisations based in the Netherlands
Zilbachi () is a rural locality (a selo) in Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 937 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Zilbachi is located 10 km southeast of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Zubanchi and Kudagu are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Elk County (county code EK) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 2,483. Its county seat and most populous city is Howard.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, after first serving as an area to relocate Native American tribes from the east, the United States organized Kansas Territory. In 1861, Kansas was admitted as the 34th U.S. state. The area that today is Elk County was, for a brief period, reserved to the Osage Indians as hunting grounds for buffalo and other game. In 1867, when Howard County was formed, it encompassed both present day Elk and Chautauqua counties. Disputes over county seats caused a division. In 1875, Elk County was established, named for the Elk River.
The first railroad in Elk County was built in 1879. It connected cattle ranches and farms to eastern markets.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.0%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Greenwood County (north)
Wilson County (east)
Montgomery County (southeast)
Chautauqua County (south)
Cowley County (southwest)
Butler County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 3,261 people, 1,412 households, and 923 families residing in the county. The population density was 5 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 1,860 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 95.06% White, 0.21% Black or African American, 0.95% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 1.20% from other races, and 2.33% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.18% of the population.
There were 1,412 households, out of which 24.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.00% were married couples living together, 6.10% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.60% were non-families. 32.90% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.25 and the average family size was 2.84.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.50% under the age of 18, 5.80% from 18 to 24, 20.00% from 25 to 44, 26.50% from 45 to 64, and 25.30% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 females there were 91.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $27,267, and the median income for a family was $34,148. Males had a median income of $28,580 versus $16,219 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,066. About 9.20% of families and 13.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.80% of those under age 18 and 15.00% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
The Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 to allow the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink, with approval by voters. Elk County voters have chosen to remain a prohibition, or "dry", county.
Education
Unified school districts
West Elk USD 282
Elk Valley USD 283
Communities
Cities
Elk Falls
Grenola
Howard
Longton
Moline
Unincorporated communities
Busby
Oak Valley
Ghost towns
Cave Springs
Fiat
Upola
Townships
Elk County is divided into ten townships. None of the cities within the county is designated as governmentally independent. All population figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Elk County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Elk County, Kansas; H. F. Smith; 1927.
Handbook of Elk and Chautauqua Counties, Kansas; C.S. Burch Publishing Co; 24 pages; 1886.
Elk County Rural Landowners Plat Map; 1927.
Standard Atlas of Elk County, Kansas; George A. Ogle & Co; 43 pages; 1903.
Atlas of Elk County; Davy Map & Atlas Co; 45 pages; 1885.
External links
County
Elk County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Elk County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
Populated places established in 1875
1875 establishments in Kansas
Mersch is a commune in Luxembourg.
Mersch may also refer to:
Places
Mersch (canton), a canton of Luxembourg centered on Mersch
Mersch District, a former district of Luxembourg centered on Mersch
People
Arsène Mersch (1913–1980), a Luxembourgian cyclist
Jean Mersch-Wittenauer (1819–1879), a Luxembourgian politician and Mayor of Luxembourg City
Jules Mersch (1898–1973), a Luxembourgian publisher and writer
Michael J. Mersch (1868–1954), an American politician
Yves Mersch (born 1949), a Luxembourgian economist and board member of the European Central Bank
Cyprinus hieni is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyprinus from freshwater habitats in Vietnam.
References
Cyprinus
Fish described in 2003
Endemic fauna of Vietnam
Fish of Vietnam
Cyprinid fish of Asia
William Henry ("Wee Willie") Dammann (August 9, 1872 – December 6, 1948) was an American left-handed Major League Baseball pitcher. A native of Chicago, they played for three seasons in Major League Baseball, all of them with the Cincinnati Reds. Their major league debut was in and they last appeared in the Majors in . In their three seasons, they went 24–15 in 60 games where, starting 38 games and completing 26 with four shutouts.
On July 9, 1902, Dammann, pitching for the Southern Association's Nashville Baseball Club, pitched a 5-inning no-hitter against the Shreveport Giants at Athletic Park in Nashville.
References
External links
Baseball Reference
1948 deaths
1872 births
19th-century baseball players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
Major League Baseball pitchers
Cincinnati Reds players
Oregon City (minor league baseball) players
Stockton River Pirates players
Sacramento Senators players
Des Moines Prohibitionists players
Des Moines Indians players
Toledo Swamp Angels players
Terre Haute Hottentots players
Indianapolis Hoosiers (minor league) players
Indianapolis Indians players
Des Moines Hawkeyes players
Marion Glass Blowers players
Nashville Vols players
Kansas City Blues (baseball) players
Spokane Indians players
Vancouver Veterans players
Wichita Jobbers players
Jackson Senators players
Evansville River Rats players
Jackson Convicts players
Grand Rapids Wolverines players
Baseball players from Chicago
Giulio Giacinto Avellino (c. 1645 – c. 1700) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.
They were born in Messina, and thus is known also as il Messinese. Giulio died in Ferrara, where they mainly painted. They trained with Salvator Rosa, and painted landscapes with ruins and mythic figures in their master's style. Their sibling, Onofrio Avellino (c. 1674–1741), was also a painter. Niccolò Cartissani is described as also a contemporary landscape painter from Messina.
References
1640s births
1700s deaths
Painters from Messina
17th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
18th-century Italian painters
Italian Baroque painters
Painters of ruins
Year of birth uncertain
Toshimi (written: , or ) is a unisex Japanese given name, mostly used by men. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese footballer
, Japanese politician
, Japanese samurai and daimyō
Toshimi Tagawa, Japanese Enka singer
Japanese unisex given names
Maldwyn Lewis Evans (8 November 1937 – 30 December 2009), often known as "Mal" Evans, was a Welsh bowls champion, who won the World Championship in 1972.  They are the only Welshman ever to have held the men's singles title.
Personal life
Evans was born in Gelli, Rhondda. Their father, Clifford Maldwyn Evans, won the Welsh Pairs Championship in 1952 with their brother (Maldwyn's uncle) John Morgan Evans (1917-1985), a world-class player. Maldwyn Evans was educated at Pentre Secondary School and later obtained a degree in history from University College of North Wales Bangor. They worked as a teacher in Swansea, Porth, Tonypandy and Ferndale.
Bowls career
Evans played bowls for Wales from 1967 until 1985, and they were a member of the Gelli Park club.
Two years after their World Championship win they represented Wales at the 1974 Commonwealth Games in the singles.
They won two Welsh National Bowls Championships Pairs titles in 1966 and 1967, with their brother Gwyn Evans (the 1978 Commonwealth Games fours bronze medal winner). In addition they won the Gibson-Watt Welsh Open Singles at Llandrindod Wells three times (1964, 1966 and 1967).
Death
They died in their home at Ton Pentre, Rhondda, aged 72, and was cremated at Pontypridd.
References
1937 births
2009 deaths
People from Rhondda
Commonwealth Games competitors for Wales
Bowls players at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games
Welsh male bowls players
Bowls World Champions
Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. operates a multi-manager asset management business, comprising a number of individual affiliated managers, each having its own investment process and brand, and the services of unaffiliated subadvisers.
History
Virtus Investment Partners, formerly known as Phoenix Investment Partners, Ltd., was formed on November 1, 1995, through a reverse merger with Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co., at the time the investment management affiliate of Duff & Phelps Corporation.
1995 - 2006
From 1995 to 2001, Virtus was a majority-owned indirect subsidiary of Phoenix Life Insurance Co. During this period, the company purchased a majority interest in several boutique investment management companies to establish its multi-manager business model. In addition to Duff & Phelps Investment Management, Virtus' affiliates during this time included Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management, LLC, Seneca Capital Management, and Zweig Advisers LLC, which was founded by legendary Wall Street investor Martin Zweig.
On January 11, 2001, a subsidiary of Phoenix acquired the outstanding shares of Phoenix Investment Partners not already owned, and the company became an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Phoenix.
In May 2005, Phoenix Investment Partners acquired the remaining minority interest in Seneca Capital Management and in September of that year acquired the remaining minority interest in Kayne Anderson Rudnick, thereby increasing ownership of both companies to 100%. In May 2006, Phoenix Investment Partners adopted the Harris Insight Funds from Harris Investment Management, Inc.
2006 - 2009
In February 2008, Phoenix announced it would spin off Phoenix Investment Partners as an independent asset management company through a pro rata dividend of Phoenix Investment Partners' common stock to Phoenix's shareholders. On October 30, 2008, Harris Bankcorp Inc., a U.S. subsidiary of Bank of Montreal, announced it would acquire $45 million in convertible preferred stock, representing a 23 percent equity position in Virtus.
Virtus became an independent publicly traded company on December 31, 2008, upon completion of its spin-off from Phoenix. The first day of trading of VRTS was January 2, 2009, and company officials rang the opening bell at NASDAQ Market Site on January 5, 2009.
2010 - 2019
The years 2011 through 2018 were a period of expansion for Virtus as it established or acquired several affiliated managers, beginning in June 2011, when it established Newfleet Asset Management as a fixed income affiliate with approximately $5.2 billion of assets under management. David L. Albrycht, formerly executive managing director of Goodwin Capital Advisors, an investment management company that previously was a subsidiary of Virtus, became chief investment officer of Newfleet.
In October 2012, Virtus completed the acquisition of Rampart Investment Management, a registered investment adviser specializing in options strategies. In 2013, the company established a Dublin-based UCITS, and in 2015 acquired a majority interest in ETF Issuer Solutions (ETFis), a New York City-based company that operates a platform for listing, operating, and distributing exchange-traded funds. It was renamed Virtus ETF Solutions.
In December 2016, Virtus agreed to acquire multi-boutique asset manager RidgeWorth Investments from private equity firm Lightyear Capital and Ridgeworth's employees for $472 million. That transaction, which was completed in June 2017, added approximately $40 billion in assets managed by Ridgeworth's three wholly owned affiliates, Ceredex Value Advisors, Seix Investment Advisors, and Silvant Capital Management.
Virtus completed a majority of investment in Sustainable Growth Advisers (SGA), an investment manager headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut that specializes in high-conviction U.S. and global growth equity portfolios, in July 2018.
Business Overview
Retail products (available to individual investors) include open-end mutual funds, closed-end funds, exchange-traded funds, and retail separate accounts. The Virtus Mutual Funds family consists of 58 open-end mutual funds that are distributed primarily through intermediaries, including national and regional broker-dealers, independent broker-dealers, and independent financial advisory firms. Virtus' closed-end funds are managed by four affiliated managers. The closed-end funds trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
Retail separately managed accounts comprise intermediary programs, sponsored and distributed by unaffiliated brokerage firms, and private client accounts, which are offered to the high-net-worth clients of the affiliated managers.
Virtus also manages institutional accounts for corporations, multi-employer retirement funds, foundations, endowments, and special purpose funds.
Principal Subsidiaries
Ceredex Value Advisors LLC uses bottom-up, company-by-company research, seeking to identify catalysts in undervalued, dividend-paying stocks when constructing value-oriented portfolios for individuals, institutions, endowments, and foundations.
Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. pursues specialized investment strategies by identifying attractive opportunities through active management and fundamental research, while striving to manage the associated risks. The company manages assets for open- and closed-end funds and institutional separate accounts by investing in global utilities, infrastructure, and REITs.
Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management, LLC (KAR) invests in equity portfolios of companies that have strong, consistent growth with low business and financial risk. The firm was founded in 1984 by two successful entrepreneurs, Richard Kayne and John E. Anderson, for whom the University of California, Los Angeles, named its business management school. KAR offers a variety of actively managed equity and fixed-income strategies to individuals through open- and closed-end funds and retail separate accounts, primarily to high-net-worth individuals. Institutional clients include endowments, foundations, corporations, public funds, and pension plans.
Newfleet Asset Management, LLC provides comprehensive fixed income portfolio management, including multi-sector, enhanced core, and core strategies. Additionally, Newfleet offers dedicated sector strategies, such as bank loans and high yield, through open- and closed-end funds, institutional accounts, structured products, and high-net-worth/private client portfolios.
Seix Investment Advisors, LLC has focused exclusively on managing fixed income securities since 1992. The company emphasizes rigorous bottom-up credit analysis of individual issues, downside risk protection, and credit valuations to manage assets in open-end mutual funds, institutional accounts, structured products, and high-net-worth/private client managed accounts.
Silvant Capital Management, LLC specializes in managing growth equity portfolios for individual and institutional investors, including large corporations, not-for-profit organizations, public funds, endowments, and foundations. The company evaluates positive secular trends and disruptive products and services that can change the business landscape, identifying those companies best positioned to exceed investor expectations.
Sustainable Growth Advisers, LP (SGA) manages U.S., global, emerging markets, and international large-cap portfolios, for institutional and individual investors, using a team-oriented approach and a consistent investment philosophy based on fundamental research and investing in equities of sustainable growth companies.
Virtus ETF Solutions, LLC is a multi-manager sponsor of ETFs that utilizes actively managed and index-based investment capabilities across equity and fixed income asset classes.
Unaffiliated Subadvisers
Virtus supplements the investment capabilities of its affiliated managers with select unaffiliated subadvisers whose strategies are not available to retail mutual fund customers. These subadvisers include:
Vontobel Asset Management, Inc. of New York, a wholly owned subsidiary of Vontobel Holding AG of Switzerland that specializes in managing long-only global equity portfolios.
References
SEC Approves Spin-off of Virtus Investment Partners to Phoenix Shareholders, bnet, Dec. 9, 2008
Separation of Virtus Investment Partners from Phoenix, Wikinvest
Virtus Investment Partners Opens NASDAQ Stock Market, Tradingmarkets.com, Jan. 5, 2009
Companies based in Hartford, Connecticut
American companies established in 1995
Investment companies of the United States
Companies listed on the Nasdaq
Financial services companies established in 1995
String Sisters (or The String Sisters) are a folk supergroup made up of six of the world's leading female fiddlers.
History
Formation
In January 1998 at the world-renowned Celtic Connections festival in Glasgow, Scotland, Shetland fiddler Catriona MacDonald was commissioned to assemble the world's leading female fiddlers. Macdonald brought together friends and collaborators from Ireland, United States, Norway and Sweden to perform the festival's biggest concert of that year. Catriona arranged the concert set with fellow fiddle players Annbjørg Lien, Liz Knowles, Catriona MacDonald, Liz Carroll, Emma Härdelin and Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh, who also provides vocals for the group.
Career
It was not until 2005 that the name String Sisters was penned. Until then, the group members could not be together at once due to their solo careers, Mairéad's work with Altan and Liz Carroll's work with John Doyle. Thus, only almost seven years after their début concert, the group commenced a Norwegian tour, recording their début album and DVD simply entitled Live.
In 2009, String Sisters were working on a new album, yet to be released. The band toured throughout 2009 and in 2010.
String Sisters performed on 25 August 2016 at the Tønder Festival in Tønder, Denmark, their first show as a band since 2010.
In 2018 was released Between Wind and Water, the band's second album and debut studio album.
Band members
"Sisters"
Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh — Irish fiddle, vocals (Ireland)
Annbjørg Lien — Hardanger Fiddle (Norway)
Liz Knowles — fiddle (USA)
Catriona MacDonald — fiddle (Shetland, Scotland)
Liz Carroll — fiddle (USA)
Emma Härdelin — Fiddle, vocals (Sweden)
"Misters"
David Milligan — piano (Scotland)
Tore Bruvoll — guitar (Norway)
Conrad Molleson — bass (Scotland)
James Mackintosh — drums (Scotland)
Discography
Albums
2007 — Live
2018 — Between Wind and Water (debut studio album)
DVDs
2007 — Live
References
External links
Official Facebook page
Official website
Official website (archive)
Folk music groups
Folk music supergroups
George Sturgis Pillsbury (July 17, 1921 – October 13, 2012) was an American business person and politician. Their family was the founders and owners of the Pillsbury Company.
Life
Pillsbury was born in Crystal Bay, Orono, Minnesota. They went to The Blake School in Hopkins, Minnesota, and to St. Paul's School in Concord, New Hampshire. In 1942, they graduated from Yale University. Pillsbury served in the United States Marine Corps during World War II. They worked for the Pillsbury Company and lived in Wayzata, Minnesota. Pillsbury was also involved in the banking, railroad, and clothing businesses. Pillsbury served on the Orono School Board and was a Republican. Pillsbury served in the Minnesota Senate from 1971 to 1982. Their grandfather Charles Alfred Pillsbury also served in the Minnesota Legislature. They died at their home on Lake Minnetonka in Orono, Minnesota.
References
1921 births
2012 deaths
People from Orono, Minnesota
People from Wayzata, Minnesota
Military personnel from Minnesota
St. Paul's School (New Hampshire) alumni
Yale University alumni
Businesspeople from Minnesota
General Mills people
Pillsbury family
Minnesota Republicans
School board members in Minnesota
Minnesota state senators
20th-century American businesspeople
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
Thomas Knorr (born 16 May 1971) is a German handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
German male handball players
Olympic handball players of Germany
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Lübeck
Maryam Sheikh Alizadeh ( with full legal name Maryam Sheikhalizadehkhanghah (); born July 18, 2004, in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian-Azerbaijani competition swimmer,  They are a member of National Swimming Team of the Republic of Azerbaijan. They have met the 2020 Olympics qualifying time for the Women's 100 m butterfly, and represented Azerbaijan at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Early life
Alizadeh was born in 2004 in Tehran, Iran. When they were 11 years old, in the last competitions of the cup of martyrs viceroy of Azerbaijan on Islamic countries, held in the Tabriz, they broke 13 national records in Iran. At 2018, they were invited by the Swimming Federation of the Republic of Azerbaijan and went to Baku to continue their career in the National Swimming Team of the Republic of Azerbaijan. Maryam qualified for Tokyo 2020 on this sport after participating in various swimming competitions and Budapest international swimming competitions.  They are known as the first woman to qualify for the Olympics in the history of Iranian women's swimming after 43 years.
Konya Islamic Solidarity Games 2021
Maryam Sheikh Alizadeh won two medals in the fifth edition of the Solidarity Games of Islamic countries: silver medal in 50m butterfly and bronze medal in 100m butterfly.
Achievements
Alizadeh took several valuable places in women's swimming after the world competitions. They won the third place in the freestyle competitions of the Slovak Republic three times within a year. Then they participated in Latvia freestyle competitions and once took second and once third place.  They are now a world ranking female athlete of Swimming Federation (FINA).
References
Iranian female swimmers
Azerbaijani female swimmers
Iranian sportswomen
Living people
2004 births
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic swimmers of Azerbaijan
Poienarii de Argeș is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Ceaurești, Ioanicești, Poienari (the commune center) and Tomulești.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
The greater thornbird (Phacellodomus ruber) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, and Paraguay. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist shrubland and heavily degraded former forest.
Description
The greater thornbird grows to a length of about . The sexes are similar, the upper parts being brown, with a rather more rufous colour on the crown, wings and tail. The underparts are whitish, the neck sometimes being scaled with a darker colour. The iris is yellow and any superciliary streak is inconspicuous. This thornbird is the largest member of the genus; the freckle-breasted thornbird (Phacellodomus striaticollis), though smaller, can look very similar, but is usually a more even shade of brown above with less rufous colouring. The song is a series of loud "chip" notes that gradually become faster but quieter.
Distribution and habitat
The species is native to tropical South America. Its range extends from northern Bolivia and central Brazil southwards to Paraguay, Uruguay and northern Argentina. It typically inhabits areas of undergrowth in lowland gallery woodland, shrubs and scrub, seldom being found far from water. In Bolivia it is found at altitudes of up to .
Ecology
This thornbird tends to skulk in the undergrowth and usually occurs in pairs. However it does utter its song frequently, emerging to perch in a more open position to do this. The pair sometimes sing in duet. It feeds mainly on insects such as beetles and ants. The nest is a cone-shaped structure up to tall and in diameter, made of twigs and branches. It is often built in a position overhanging water, or is sometimes attached to a telegraph pole or other human-made object.
Breeding takes place between October and January.
Status
The greater thornbird is a common species with a very wide range. No particular threats have been recognised and the population is thought to be stable, so the International Union for Conservation of Nature has rated its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
External links
Image at ADW
greater thornbird
Birds of Argentina
Birds of Bolivia
Birds of the Cerrado
Birds of the Pantanal
Birds of Paraguay
greater thornbird
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tom Lunt is an American record producer. With Ken Shipley and Rob Sevier, Lunt formed The Numero Group record label in 2003, which has reissued hundreds of lost soul, gospel, funk and psychedelic rock albums.
Before The Numero Group, from 1988 to 2000, Lunt was a VP/creative director at the Leo Burnett Worldwide advertising agency, and creative director at Corporate Profiles, DDB, Warsaw, Poland, in 2001.
In 2006, Lunt co-produced with Liam Hayes and performed on the album Bright Penny.
Lunt has been nominated twice for a Grammy Award, in 2012 with Ken Shipley and Rob Sevier as producer of Numero 032, Syl Johnson: Complete Mythology, and in 2011 as art director for Numero 033, Light On The South Side, with photographs by Michael Abramson.
They produced the first album of music by photographer William Eggleston, Musik (2017), released on Secretly Canadian.
References
American record producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mahmoudieh may refer to:
Yasmine Mahmoudieh, Iranian architect
Mahmoodieh, a neighbourhood in Tehran
Al-Mirr, Ma'moudieh was the old name of this village
See also
Mahmoudiyeh F.C., a football team in Afghanistan
Mahmud (disambiguation)
Iranian-language surnames
Armada 2525 is a 4X science fiction computer strategy game developed by Robert T. Smith and published by Interstel Corporation. It was released in North America in 1991 for $49.95. An updated version called Armada 2525 Deluxe was also released the following year which featured updated gameplay, graphics and improved multiplayer .
Gameplay
Armada 2525 is a 4X (an abbreviation of explore, expand, exploit, and exterminate) strategy game. Players must explore the galaxy, expand their empire, exploit the various resources to be found, and exterminate their rivals. Gameplay ends depending on one of 4 victory conditions set at the start of a gaming session.
The game takes place entirely in 2D with the main star map and battle sequences taking place on 2D planes. It is broken up into a single production phase for construction and research followed by 4 movement phases where the player can explore the galaxy and fight opposing empires. Combat occurs when a fleet arrives at a star with an opposing player with both sides able to issue limited commands before the start of automated combat. The actual combat scenario is determined whether there is an opposing fleet guarding the star or lacking that, if there are opposing planetary defenses.
Reception and legacy
Computer Gaming World praised Armada 2525 for its simplicity, diversity, and ease of play, stating the game allowed players to focus on playing well versus understanding how to play. The game's AI was also touted as challenging enough for solo play. The magazine did however criticize the game's multiplayer feature as the save-mechanism was not conducive to play-by-email and the lack of modem support meant the only option was hotseat play. While it did call the game the closest in spirit to Reach for the Stars than any other space strategy game to date, the magazine also stated it was not the end-all substitute for it. It concluded that Armada 2525 was a worthy addition to the strategic space genre for its fans. A 1994 survey of strategic space games set in the year 2000 and later gave the game three stars out of five, stating that it was "Both multi-layered and detailed".
Armada 2526 is touted as the successor of Armada 2525.
References
External links
1991 video games
4X video games
DOS games
DOS-only games
Turn-based strategy video games
Space opera video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Space conquest video games
Microsoft Ignition is a music network operated by Microsoft that spans across Windows PCs, Xbox 360 gaming console and Zune music player. Ignition makes available music and music videos across all supported device types and also can be used for promotion of musical artists.
References
Microsoft
Zune
Xbox 360 software
Les Brennan (2 October 1910 – 29 July 1992) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
1910 births
1992 deaths
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
North Melbourne Football Club players
Gábor Török (30 May 1936 – 4 January 2004) was a Hungarian football goalkeeper, who played for Újpesti Dózsa. They won a bronze medal in football at the 1960 Summer Olympics with the Hungary national football team.
References
1936 births
2004 deaths
Association football goalkeepers
Hungarian footballers
Hungary international footballers
Újpest FC players
Olympic footballers of Hungary
Footballers at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Hungary
Olympic medalists in football
Medalists at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Tanybria is a genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Eumolpinae. It is distributed in Africa.
Tanybria was originally known as Eubrachis, in the sense of , who gave a description of the genus in 1940. However, this name was unavailable, as it was preoccupied by Eubrachis as first used by Dejean in their catalogue in 1836 (as an unnecessary replacement name for Pseudocolaspis), and Eubrachis in the sense of Joseph Sugar Baly in 1878 (now a synonym of Macrocoma). Because of this, Burgeon's Eubrachis was renamed to Tanybria by Brian J. Selman in 1963.
Species
Tanybria apicalis (Jacoby, 1881)
Tanybria aurichalcea (J. Thomson, 1858)
Tanybria bipilis (Burgeon, 1940)
Tanybria costata (Jacoby, 1898)
Tanybria cupreomarginata (Jacoby, 1895)
Tanybria eximia (Baly, 1877)
Tanybria kivuensis (Burgeon, 1940)
Tanybria spinipes (Baly, 1878)
Tanybria timiliatha (J. Thomson, 1858)
Tanybria tuberculata (Jacoby, 1903)
References
Eumolpinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Beetles of Africa
Fernanda Miranda Paes Leme de Abreu (born June 4, 1983) is a Brazilian actor.
Biography
Daughter of the narrator and sports commentator Álvaro José, Paes Leme began their career as a child with interests in advertising campaigns. However, it would be revealed only in the show Sandy & Junior, Rede Globo, where they had their first professional acting job. They played a spoiled teenager, a character they played for four years.
Concluding this series, Paes Leme acted in Sítio do Picapau Amarelo, the telenovela Agora É que São Elas, and the miniseries Um Só Coração, all airing on the same station.
In 2009, Paes Leme participated in the novel Paraíso. Soon after, they landed the role of Dona Flor in the theatrical spectacle Dona Flor e Seus Dois Maridos, replacing Carol Castro.
In 2011, Paes Leme participated in the telenovela Insensato Coração.
Filmography
Television
Film
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Actresses from São Paulo
Brazilian telenovela actores
Brazilian film actores
Brazilian stage actores
Brazilian child actores
Brazilian television presenters
Brazilian women television presenters
Brown County (county code BR) is a county located in the northeast portion of the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 9,508. Its county seat and most populous city is Hiawatha. Brown County is the location of the Kickapoo Indian Reservation of Kansas, the majority of the Sac and Fox Reservation and the majority of the Iowa Reservation of Kansas and Nebraska.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. Brown County was founded in 1855, was named for Albert G. Brown.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. The Wolf River has its source in the county. Brown State Fishing Lake, formerly known as "Brown County State Park" is in the county, 8 miles (13 km) east of Hiawatha.
Adjacent counties
Richardson County, Nebraska (north)
Doniphan County (east)
Atchison County (southeast)
Jackson County (southwest)
Nemaha County (west)
Major highways
Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau
U.S. Route 36
U.S. Route 73
U.S. Route 75
U.S. Route 159
Kansas Highway 20
Kansas Highway 246
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 10,724 people, 4,318 households, and 2,949 families residing in the county. The population density was 19 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 4,815 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 86.87% White, 1.56% Black or African American, 8.82% Native American, 0.21% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.73% from other races, and 1.81% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 2.32% of the population.
There were 4,318 households, out of which 31.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.80% were married couples living together, 9.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.70% were non-families. 28.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.40% under the age of 18, 7.40% from 18 to 24, 24.00% from 25 to 44, 22.70% from 45 to 64, and 19.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 93.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,971, and the median income for a family was $39,525. Males had a median income of $29,163 versus $19,829 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,163. About 10.60% of families and 12.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 16.40% of those under age 18 and 11.80% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Like all of Kansas outside the eastern cities, Brown County is overwhelmingly Republican, although its history of Yankee settlement means it has been thus for longer than certain other parts of the state. Brown was Alf Landon's strongest county in their home state during their disastrous 1936 presidential campaign. FDR was never to win so much as 42 percent of the vote in any of their four Presidential elections; indeed no Democratic presidential nominee has ever won a majority in Brown County, with the highest percentage being 47 percent by William Jennings Bryan in 1896. A mortally divided Republican Party allowed Woodrow Wilson to win a plurality in 1912 with under 37 percent of the county's vote – nonetheless since 1968 no Democrat has reached even that percentage.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 2000, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink without a food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Doniphan West USD 111
Hiawatha USD 415
Prairie Hills USD 113
North Jackson USD 335
South Brown County USD 430
Bureau of Indian Education-affiliated tribal schools
Kickapoo Nation School
Communities
Cities
Everest
Fairview
Hamlin
Hiawatha
Horton
Morrill
Powhattan
Reserve
Robinson
Sabetha (partly in Nemaha County)
Willis
Census-designated places
Kickapoo Site 1
Kickapoo Site 2
Kickapoo Site 5
Kickapoo Site 6
Kickapoo Site 7
Kickapoo Tribal Center
Unincorporated communities
Baker
Fidelity
Mercier (originally called Germantown)
Padonia
Townships
Brown County is divided into ten townships. The cities of Hiawatha, Horton, and Sabetha are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Brown County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Brown County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 70 pages; 1919.
Plat Book of Brown County, Kansas; Northwest Publishing Company; 44 pages; 1904.
Meacham's Illustrated Atlas of Brown and Nemaha Counties, Kansas; J.H. Meacham & Company; 127 pages; 1887.
External links
County
Brown County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Brown County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Youcat, short for Youth Catechism of the Catholic Church, also styled as YOUCAT, is a 2011 publication that aims to be an aid for youth to better understand the Catechism of the Catholic Church. The book, drafted in the form of a conversation, is intended for use by Catholic youths around the world and is available in 25 languages, including Arabic and Chinese. Youcat is based on the Catechism of the Catholic Church and the Compendium of the Catechism of the Catholic Church (2005). The catechism has 304 pages and consists of four chapters with 527 questions and answers.
The guide, whose foreword was written by Pope Benedict XVI, was authored by Cardinal Christoph Schönborn and others. Approximately 700,000 copies of Youcat were distributed in thirteen different languages on behalf of the Pope during World Youth Day 2011 in Madrid.
Background
Youcat began in 2006 under the direction of Cardinal Schönborn by German-speaking theologians, religious educators and priests with the participation of over sixty young people, who helped to improve the readability of the text by raising questions and coming up with illustrative pictures.
The first edition was published in German on 25 March 2011. It was then published in sixteen other languages: English, French, Danish, Italian, Croatian, Dutch, Polish, Spanish, Slovak, Slovenian, Korean, Armenian, Ukrainian, Russian, Indonesian, and Portuguese. Chinese, Arabic, Malayalam and Latin editions are planned. Overall, the Youth Catechism was slated to have been published in 30 languages by the end of 2012. Over 2 million copies have been sold.
YOUCAT series
The international YOUCAT book series also includes:
A prayerbook:
Georg von Lengerke / Dörte Schrömges, YOUCAT Youth Prayer Book, Munich 2011.
A confirmation book:
Bernhard Meuser / Nils Baer, YOUCAT confirmation book,
A leader's guide for the confirmation course:
Nils Baer, YOUCAT Confirmation Leader's Handbook
Errors
In some translations of the Youcat, such as French, Italian and Spanish, errors have been found that deviate from official doctrine regarding questions about many important issues such as euthanasia and contraception. The Vatican has announced that these mistakes will be corrected in future editions.
On sexuality
The presentation of the Church's teaching about sexuality and chastity occurs in paragraphs 400 to 417, including the teaching about sexual relations being for marriage only. The Youcat teaches that
References
External links
Official YOUCAT website
Youcat FAQ
Catechisms of the Catholic Church
2011 books
Pope Benedict XVI
Hotel Delaware is a historic hotel building located at East Branch in Delaware County, New York, United States. It was built in 1891 and enlarged after a fire in 1908. It is a large three-story wood-framed building, 40 feet wide and 70 feet deep. It features a two-story verandah on the front facade supported by Doric order columns on the first story.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
See also
National Register of Historical Places listings in Delaware County, New York
References
National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, New York
Hotels in New York (state)
Hotel buildings completed in 1891
Buildings and structures in Delaware County, New York
Paul Bürck (3 September 1878 – 18 April 1947) was a German painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1878 births
1947 deaths
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
Artists from Strasbourg
is a Japanese footballer who plays for Roasso Kumamoto.
Club statistics
Updated to 23 February 2020.
References
External links
Profile at Roasso Kumamoto
Profile at FC Ryukyu
1992 births
Living people
Chuo University alumni
Association football people from Saitama Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
J3 League players
FC Ryukyu players
Roasso Kumamoto players
Kagoshima United FC players
Association football midfielders
Frontenac was an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly of the Parliament of the Province of Canada, in Canada West, based on Frontenac County. It was created in 1841, upon the establishment of the Province of Canada by the union of Upper Canada and Lower Canada. Frontenac was represented by one member in the Legislative Assembly. It was abolished in 1867, upon the creation of Canada and the province of Ontario.
Boundaries
Frontenac electoral district was located in the eastern area of Canada West (now the province of Ontario) on the north shore of Lake Ontario, at the entrance of the Saint Lawrence River. The town of Kingston was the major centre, although Kingston was a separate electoral district.
The Union Act, 1840 had merged the two provinces of Upper Canada and Lower Canada into the Province of Canada, with a single Parliament. The separate parliaments of Lower Canada and Upper Canada were abolished.Union Act, 1840, 3 & 4 Vict., c. 35, s. 2. The Union Act provided that the pre-existing electoral boundaries of Upper Canada would continue to be used in the new Parliament, unless altered by the Union Act itself.
Frontenac County had been an electoral district in the Legislative Assembly of Upper Canada, and its boundaries were not altered by the Union Act. Those boundaries had originally been set by a proclamation of the first Lieutenant Governor of Upper Canada, John Graves Simcoe, in 1792:
The boundaries had been further defined by a statute of Upper Canada in 1798:
The only change from those boundaries in 1841 was that the county seat, Kingston, was no longer included in Frontenac riding. The Union Act provided that Kingston was its own electoral district in the new Parliament. The boundaries of Kingston electoral district were defined by the Governor General, and any parts of the town which were not included in Kingston electoral district were included in Frontenac.
Members of the Legislative Assembly
Frontenac was represented by one member in the Legislative Assembly. The following were the members for Frontenac.
Abolition
The district was abolished on July 1, 1867, when the British North America Act, 1867 came into force, creating Canada and splitting the Province of Canada into Quebec and Ontario. It was succeeded by electoral districts of the same name in the House of Commons of Canada and the Legislative Assembly of Ontario.
References
.
Electoral districts of Canada West
Douglas N. Abra (born April 1, 1947 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian judge. They were appointed a judge of the Court of King's Bench of Manitoba on July 10, 2007. They replaced Alan D. MacInnes, upon their appointment to the Manitoba Court of Appeal.
Mr. Justice Abra received a Bachelor of Arts in 1968 and a Bachelor of Laws in 1972 from the University of Manitoba. They were admitted to the Bar of Manitoba in 1973. They practised as an associate with Monk Goodwin & Company, then as a Crown Attorney with the provincial Crown (1974–1979) before returning to private practice with Thompson Dorfman Sweatman (1980–1989) and with Hill Abra Dewar (1989–2007). At the time of their appointment to the bench, Mr. Justice Abra was a partner with Hill Abra Dewar.
Prior to their appointment, Mr. Justice Abra practiced in the areas of administrative law, civil litigation, criminal law, insurance and professional liability litigation, regulation of professions and professional discipline, employment law and labour law. Mr. Justice Abra received their King's Counsel designation in 1992. They have also acted as President of the Law Society of Manitoba (1993–1994), as a member of the Court of Queen's Bench Rules Committee, as a frequent lecturer for the Law Society of Manitoba Continuing Legal Education Programs and as Chair of the Board of Trustees of Westminster United Church.
References
Government of Canada News Release (accessed December 4, 2010)
Lawyers.com Profile (accessed July 31, 2007)
1947 births
Living people
Judges in Manitoba
People from Winnipeg
University of Manitoba alumni
Canadian Queen's Counsel
Robson Hall alumni
The Plaxton Derwent 3000 was a step entrance single-decker bus body built by Plaxton. It was introduced in 1986, and is not related to the earlier body which was built between 1962 and 1977, with the same name.
Around 250 were built, almost four times as many as its predecessor, the Plaxton Bustler, over a similar number of years.
It was built mainly on mid-engined chassis, although a small number of Scania K93 -engined chassis were also bodied. The most common chassis was the Leyland Tiger, largely due to orders from the UK military for over a hundred, some of which were left-hand drive. Other chassis were the Volvo B10M (including short wheelbase examples); some of the last Bedford Y series to enter service; Dennis Javelin; and around fifteen secondhand Leyland Leopard chassis being rebodied.
The Derwent 3000 was superseded by the Plaxton Verde from 1991.
Body numbering
In the pre-1989 system of body numbers, the Derwent 3000 initially took the code D1B. This later became L2B, presumably to avoid confusion with the Paramount 4000, which also used the letter D. For military vehicles, MOD was used instead.
In the post-1989 system, the letters E and F identified the Derwent.
Naming
The number 3000 in the model's name refers to its approximate height in millimetres (like the Paramount 3200, 3500 and 4000).
The model was initially launched as the Derwent II, even though the numeral II had already been used for the previous Derwent model between 1966 and 1977.
See also
List of buses
External links
Derwent 3000
Single-deck buses
Step-entrance buses
Vehicles introduced in 1986
Ton van Engelen (born 4 October 1950 in Den Bosch) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a goalkeeper.
Football career
Van Engelen made their professional debut for PSV Eindhoven, with whom they won a league title and a UEFA Cup medal. They also played for Feyenoord and Go Ahead Eagles.
Cycling
After their football career, they became a soigneur for various Dutch cycling teams. Since 1996 they have been working for the Rabobank team and in 2007 they were honoured by the organiser for being active in their twentieth Tour de France.
Personal life
 They are the father of Yvo van Engelen.
Honours
PSV
Eredivisie: 1
1977-78
UEFA Cup: 1
1977–78
Feyenoord
KNVB Cup: 1
1979–80
First match: 29 September 1976 : PSV Eindhoven - Dundalk FC, 6-0
References
External links
Profile - Feyenoord
Profile - Team Lotto-Jumbo
1950 births
Living people
People from Heusden
Footballers from North Brabant
Association football goalkeepers
Dutch footballers
PSV Eindhoven players
Feyenoord players
Go Ahead Eagles players
Eredivisie players
UEFA Cup winning players
Cycling people
Ypsolopha flavistrigella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae first described by August Busck in 1906. It was known only from the southern part of the United States (Texas, California, Utah and Colorado), but has also been recorded from Alberta, Canada.
The wingspan is about 23 mm. Adults are on wing from May to the beginning of October.
The larvae feed on the leaves of Salix species.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Parque 18 de marzo de 1938 is a stadium in Minatitlán, Veracruz. It is the home field of the Gavilanes de Minatitlán (Minatitlán Hawks) who play in the Veracruz Winter League. It holds 7,500 people. It was previously home to the Petroleros de Minatitlán (Minatitlán Oilers) Mexican League baseball team. It is named to commemorate the day when President of Mexico Lázaro Cárdenas announced that the oil industry in Mexico would be nationalized.
The stadium was the site of a rare triple play on 23 April 2007 when the Petroleros were at home defending against the Olmecas de Tabasco.
References
Baseball venues in Mexico
Sports venues completed in 1992
Sports venues in Veracruz
USS Tioga was a large steamer with powerful guns, acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.
Tioga was used by the Union Navy as a gunboat in support of the Union Navy blockade of Confederate waterways.
Tioga constructed at the Boston Navy Yard
Tioga – one of 12 double-ended steam gunboats laid down in the summer and fall of 1861 – was launched by the Boston Navy Yard on 18 April 1862; sponsored by Mrs. H. P. Grace; and commissioned on 30 June 1862, Lt. George W. Rodgers in command.
Civil War operations
Assigned to the North Atlantic blockade
The double-ender sailed for Hampton Roads, Virginia, late that day, joined the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron upon their arrival there on 5 July, and promptly ascended the James River to support Union troops beleaguered in a small pocket on the north bank of the river.
Maintaining control of the James River for McClellan
Robert E. Lee's Army of Northern Virginia had recently defeated General George B. McClellan's Army of the Potomac in the Seven Days campaign and penned the Northern forces in a bridgehead at Harrison's Landing where they were protected by the guns of Union warships and fed by Federal supply ships. The Union gunboats, charged with maintaining control of the James for the North to assure the continuation of McClellan's waterborne support, constituted an independent division of the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron called the James River Flotilla.
One of the first ships to "screen an aircraft carrier"
While in the James River Flotilla, Tioga escorted supply ships and frequently exchanged fire with Southern batteries and sharpshooters ashore. One of their more unusual duties during this assignment was the chore of protecting the barge which carried and launched an observation balloon to reconnoiter Confederate positions and troop deployments. Thus, it has been claimed jocularly that they were one of the first warships to screen an aircraft carrier.
Supporting General McClellan and defending Washington
During much of August, Tioga helped to cover the movement of Union troops as McClellan evacuated the peninsula between the James and the York Rivers and transferred their troops north by water to protect Washington, D.C. After the withdrawal had been largely completed, the James River Flotilla was broken up on 29 August, with a dozen of its ships being transferred to the Potomac Flotilla and the remainder reverting to the direct control of Rear Admiral Louis M. Goldsborough, who commanded the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron. Tioga was one of the Union warships sent north to strengthen Federal control of the Potomac River and, by doing so, to beef up the Union forces afloat ready to defend Washington, D.C. At this time, General Robert E. Lee was defeating General John Pope's Army of Virginia in the Second Battle of Bull Run, greatly endangering the Federal capital.
Reassigned to the West India Squadron
However, before Tioga could become an effective part of the Potomac Flotilla, a change of orders reassigned them to the newly established West India Squadron, formed – under the command of Commodore Charles Wilkes – to counter the threat posed by the recent commissioning of the Confederate commerce raider Florida and the expected activation of the steam warship then being built for the South in England under the designation 290 which would prey on Northern shipping as Alabama. While Tioga never encountered either of these adversaries which would win renown under Confederate colors, they did compile an impressive score against blockade runners.
Maintaining an impressive score against blockade runners
They took their first prize on 14 February 1863, when they overhauled Avon and sent that English schooner to Key West, Florida, for adjudication. On 13 March, they captured another British schooner, Florence Nightingale, laden with cotton and without papers. Nine days later, they made a prize of the English side-wheel steamer Granite City. The British sloop Justina struck their colors to the gunboat on 23 April.
On 20 June, while cruising in company with and , Tioga sighted a strange steamer; and the three Union ships gave chase. When they noticed a large quantity of cotton floating in the water, Tioga and Octorara hove to and picked up the jettisoned cargo, while Santiago de Cuba kept up the pursuit and overtook the English steamer Victory which they sent to Boston, Massachusetts, under a prize crew.
A week later, Tioga captured Julia as that English schooner attempted to slip through the Union blockade laden with cotton and rosin. On 25 September, they took Confederate steamer Herald which had escaped from the South with a cargo of cotton and naval stores.
Reassigned to the East Gulf Blockade
Three days before the gunboat made this capture, orders had left Washington to transfer Tioga to the East Gulf Blockading Squadron. After beginning their new assignment, the double-ender participated in the capture of sloop Last Trial near Key West; but thereafter they spent much of the autumn undergoing repairs at Key West.
Doing their best in intercepting blockade runners
Early the following year, they resumed their success as a bane to blockade runners. They took an unidentified schooner – laden with salt, liquors, coffee, arms, and other items badly needed by the South – off Grand Bahama Island on 4 January 1864. On 20 March, they overhauled the sloop Swallows – laden with cotton, rosin, and tobacco – and sent them to Boston. About the same time, they chased and overtook the sloop Oriental.
Crew stricken with yellow fever, ship is sent north and decommissioned
Late in the spring of 1864, yellow fever broke out on board Tioga; and, on 19 June, they were ordered north. They arrived at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, on the 27th and was decommissioned two days later but remained in quarantine in the lower harbor until October.
Post-war operations
After an overhaul had been completed and the Civil War had ended, Tioga was recommissioned at Portsmouth on 6 June 1865 and cruised off the New England coast through the summer. In October, the ship was transferred to the Gulf Squadron; and they arrived at Pensacola, Florida, on 30 November. The double-ender cruised in the Gulf of Mexico, principally off the coast of Texas, through the winter and into the spring of 1866.
Final decommissioning and sale
Ordered north, Tioga arrived at New York City on 8 May and was laid up in the navy yard there until they were sold on 15 October 1867.
See also
Confederate States Navy
References
Ships of the Union Navy
Ships built in Boston
Steamships of the United States Navy
Gunboats of the United States Navy
American Civil War patrol vessels of the United States
1862 ships
Physical geography of Lake Ocheda
Lake Ocheda is a lake located in Nobles County, three miles south of Worthington, Minnesota. The lake is a long, narrow, body of water that extends east to west for approximately 5½ miles. The width varies from a few hundred yards, to a bit over 1/2 mile. Lake Ocheda is divided into three natural sections, West Ocheda, the Middle Bay, and East Ocheda. The three sections are connected to one another by two narrow channels of water. The average lake depth is less than three feet. The maximum depth is only about five feet, though it was much deeper in years past. An 1882 geology report prepared by the State of Minnesota indicates that the lake once had a maximum depth of 20 feet. Local residents attribute the decrease in depth to erosion from surrounding farm lands. Lake Ocheda is managed by the Okabena-Ocheda Watershed District.
First settlers
The first permanent settlers on Lake Ocheda were Ole Fauskee and their family. Ole migrated from Norway to the United States in 1867 when they were 25 years old. They were travelling through southwest Minnesota with their brother when their ox team gave out. They liked the country they saw, and on June 8, 1870, they and their brother walked all the way to Jackson, Minnesota, to file claims. Ole Fauskee claimed the northwest quarter of section 6 of Indian Lake Township, and their brother made an adjacent claim. This was before the railroad had come to Nobles County, and the only other permanent settlements in the county were in the vicinity of Graham Lakes and Indian Lake. Fauskee erected a sod hut on the banks of East Lake Ocheda and lived there for five years. They also claimed the northeast quarter of section 12 of Bigelow Township. Fauskee eventually built a home of lumber there, and prospered as a farmer.
Public access
There are two public access points on the lake. The first is Pickeral County Park, a Nobles County Park located on the northwestern shore of West Ocheda. The second is another Nobles County Park located where a highway bridge crosses the channel between the Middle Bay and East Ocheda. This is known as Sportsman's Park. Both parks are popular with local fishermen.
Fishing
Despite being very shallow, Lake Ocheda is well-stocked with several varieties of fish. Black Bullheads and Yellow Bullheads are abundant. Black Crappies and White crappies are also very common, as are orangspotted sunfish and yellow perch. The lake is stocked yearly with northern pike and yellow perch because these species can tolerate low oxygen-levels better than other game species. Ocheda Lake is a very shallow lake and it often experiences low oxygen during the winter. Complete winterkills of northern pike and yellow perch have never been documented. The northern pike population has done quite well for the last six years. Northern pike numbers have remained near average for lakes similar to Ocheda Lake. Northern pike lengths ranged from 16.5 to 30.0 inches.
References
Lakes of Nobles County, Minnesota
Lakes of Minnesota
Dakota toponyms
Eshaunte "Bear" Jones (born 1989, in California), is a college basketball player, who decommitted from the Oregon State Beavers. In June 2007, they announced their intention to pass on an oral commitment to Indiana University. In October 2007, they announced their decision to attend Oregon State University the following season after playing as a 5th year senior at Hargrave Military Academy in Virginia. They would late de-commit from Oregon State after a coaching change. In June 2008, Jones signed financial-agreement paperwork with the University of Nebraska, Lincoln. Because it was after the NCAA signing period, Coach Doc Sadler could not confirm at that time that they had accepted a scholarship. Once they cleared the NCAA clearinghouse process, they enrolled at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln for the 2008 fall term. On March 31, 2011, Jones announced that they were leaving Nebraska to take care of personal things back in Indiana with their family. After leaving Nebraska, Jones popped up at Division II Northern Kentucky.
High school career
Jones attended North Side High School in Fort Wayne, Indiana, where they were ranked as one of the top players in the state from the class of 2007. As a sophomore, they led the North Side Redskins to the Class 4A Sectional 6 title with a victory over Snider High School. The following year, nearly the entire team returned as Jones led them to their first Summit Athletic Conference Title in seven years, culminated with a win over Bishop Luers High School in By Hey Arena. After the season, they were named an Indiana Junior All-Star.
As a senior, Jones orally committed to play for coach Kelvin Sampson at Indiana University and then later in the day went on to score 37 points in their team's season opening scrimmage that night. They broke the school record for point in a single game twice in the first four games with 41 against Muncie Southside and 43 against Paul Harding High School in an overtime win. In December, he, alongside former Indiana University wide receiver Damarlo Belcher and former University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff forward Dominic Moore, led the Redskins to their first SAC Holiday Tournament Title since 1985 after losing in the finals the previous year. When the season ended, they averaged just under 28 points per game, finishing third in the state behind now former Indiana Hoosier and current New Orleans Hornet Eric Gordon and high-profile college recruit Deshaun Thomas, now of Ohio State.
Jones was named an Indiana Senior All-Star (the fifth in school history) before eventually de-committing from Indiana and choosing to spend a year of prep school at Hargrave Military Academy.
Hargrave Military Academy (2007-2008)
Jones attended Hargrave Military Academy (Va.) for one season following high school. They played only a partial season because of a foot injury, but quickly made a name for himself. Jones averaged about 16 points and five rebounds per contest over the first 12 games of the 2007–08 season. Their efforts helped Hargrave to a 12–0 start before the team continued on to an undefeated season with a 29–0 record, including winning the National Prep Invitational title. During the season, they signed a NLI with Oregon State.
Oregon State
In 2008, it was uncertain if Jones would end up at Oregon State as they signed a new coach for the 2008–2009 season and sources said that they had asked out of their national letter of intent upon request. They were later granted the release from Oregon State and within a short time agreed to sign with Nebraska.
Nebraska
True Freshman (2008-2009)
Jones sat out their true first-year student season in 2008–2009 as a medical redshirt. They scored 16 points in 16 minutes in a preseason exhibition before the decision to sit out the season to fix a previous foot injury from their one season at prep school. Before the redshirt, they played just 46 minutes over the first four games of the season, including only four painful minutes against Saint Louis in their final game of the year. They scored seven points and hit just 2-of-7 from the floor, including 2-of-5 shots from 3-point range, over those four contests. Jones added five rebounds but had just one assist to four turnovers before deciding to sit out the remainder of the season.
Redshirt Freshman (2009-2010)
Jones returned from a redshirt season when they had their left foot and a sports hernia surgically repaired and played in 29 games, averaging 16.9 minutes per contest in their first extended college action. Jones averaged 6.0 points and 1.6 rebounds per game while adding 1.0 assist per contest.
On the season, Jones hit 42.7 percent from the field, but it was their accuracy from beyond the arc that made opposing coaches take notice. Jones drained 43.5 percent from 3-point range while helping Nebraska set the school record by hitting 39.7 percent from long range as a team. Jones' proficiency shooting outside the arc helped them rank sixth on the Huskers' single-season 3-point percentage chart. Their average was also the second-highest ever by a Husker first-year student. On the year, they hit 40 3-pointers to rank second on the team while their total was the fifth-highest mark in the Nebraska first-year student record book. They also had a child named Eshaunte Antonio Jones in March 7, 2009
Jones' top performance came in the championship of the Las Vegas Classic when they scored 21 points, one of six double-figure scoring games on the season. They hit 6-of-11 shots from the field, including 5-of-7 from 3-point range, while adding three rebounds, two assists and a steal in 27 minutes off the bench. Their 21 points made them one of just 23 freshmen in Nebraska history to record at least 20 points in a contest. In opening game of the tournament, Jones had 12 points on 4-of-5 shooting, all from 3-point range, in a victory over Tulsa, helping Jones earn all-tournament team honors.
On the year, Jones cracked the starting lineup twice, against UMKC and Kansas. Jones hit four three-pointers against the Jayhawks. Other games of note for Jones include a November 18 loss to Saint Louis where they had 9 points against former high school teammate Justin Jordan, who played for the Billikens, and also a December 12 game where they scored 4 points against Oregon State, a previous school of commitment. Jones missed the January 16 game against Iowa State, two days after the death of high school teammate Jeron Lewis, a basketball player at University of Southern Indiana, who collapsed on the court and later died on January 14. Their next game, against Missouri, they were scoreless in just 8 minutes of play.
Bahamas Trip
Jones helped Nebraska go 4–0 on the Huskers' foreign trip in the 2010 preseason, averaging 7.0 points, 2.5 rebounds and 2.0 assists per game.
Sophomore (2010-2011)
Jones saw a significant drop off in their contributions as a sophomore, averaging just 4 points/game (10th on the team). Their total three-pointers made (27-of-80) was still ranked third on the team, but their decrease in production also saw their minutes go down to just 12.4 per game over the 28 games they played. Jones did not start a single game, while averaging 1.4 rebounds and shooting just 33% from the field. Eshaunte led the team in scoring on two separate occasions, with 13 points against Jackson State on December 1 and 11 points against North Dakota on January 3. Both games were wins for the 19–13 Huskers. Nebraska's NCAA Tournament hopes were seemingly strong until a March 5 loss to Colorado, who also was left out from an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament. Nebraska played in the NIT Tournament, but fell to Wichita State in the first round, 76–49, with Jones scoring just three points in 6 minutes of play. Shortly into the offseason, Husker coach Doc Sadler was not quiet about their team's need to shoot the ball better, something that Jones was expected to lead the way in during their sophomore campaign and they had a daughter named Elyseana Antonia Jones
Northern Kentucky
Junior (2011-2012)
After leaving Nebraska, Jones debuted for Division II Northern Kentucky on November 18, 2011, with 10 points in 19 minutes against Lane (Tennessee). On December 6, against Ohio Midwestern, they posted a team high 25 points after hitting 7 three-point shots. Northern Kentucky was ultimately eliminated in the first round of the NCAA Division II Tournament by Findlay, 50–49. Jones scored just 5 points in 33 minutes, missing a shot just after the final buzzer.
No. 11 ranked NKU finished 23–7 in its last season as a Division II member. The Norse, at the end of the 2012 season, began the reclassification process to Division I next season as a member of the Atlantic Sun Conference.
Jones played in 29 of 30 game, starting 14 and leading the team in scoring six different times. Jones finished second on the team, averaging 10.7 points per game while shooting 69-for-156 from three-point range. In 22.6 minute per game, they shot 45% from the field during the season.
On February 28, 2013, Jones scored their 1000th career point at home against North Florida.
Awards
High school
2007 North Side Most Valuable Player
2007 Fort Wayne News Sentinel Player of the Year
2007 Fort Wayne Journal Gazette Player of the Year
2007 McDonald's All-American Nominee
2007 Basketball FortWayne Co-Player of the Year
2007 Indiana News Center Player of the Year
2007 Indiana All-Star
2007 Summit Athletic Conference First Team (Unanimous Selection)
2006-2007 Basketball FortWayne Preseason Player of the Year
2006 Fort Wayne News Sentinel All-Area Team
2006 Fort Wayne Journal Gazette All-Area Team
2006 North Side Most Valuable Player
2006 Summit Athletic Conference First Team
2006 Indiana Junior All-Star
2005 Summit Athletic Conference First Team
2004 Summit Athletic Conference Second Team
References
1989 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
Nebraska Cornhuskers baseball players
Northern Kentucky Norse men's basketball players
Guards (basketball)
Events from the year 1660 in Denmark.
Incumbents
Monarch – Frederick III
Steward of the Realm – Joachim Gersdorff (until October, office disbanded)
Events
27 May – The Treaty of Copenhagen is signed, marking the conclusion of the Second Northern War.
31 May – The Swedish troops depart from their camps outside Copenhagen.
11 July – The city gates of Copenhagen re-opens and trade returns to normal.
10 September – The estates gather at Copenhagen Castle to solve the financial problems faced after the wars and Frederick plays the different estates against each other.
10 October – The 1660 Danish state of emergency is declared by the king with the purpose of putting pressure on the nobility, a move which proves successful.
13 October – Bishop Hans Svane publicly offers the Heraldry Kingdom to the annulment of the Håndfæstning, and the institution of absolute monarchy is instituted by decree.
14 October – A Constituent Commission set up by the king meets for the first time to embark on the task of drawing up a new constitution but unable to agree it simply decides to cancel the existing Håndfæstning and leave it to the king to write the new constitution.
17 October – Extensive celebrations pay homage to the new Heraldry King.
4 November – The Chancellery and the "Geheime-statsrådet" are established.
Births
Deaths
5 June – Anne Holck, noblewoman (born 1602)
19 December – Ove Gjedde, admiral (born 1594)
References
Denmark
Years of the 17th century in Denmark
Catholic Church of Mount Lu () is a Catholic Church on Mount Lu in Jiujiang, Jiangxi, China.
History
The Catholic Church of Mount Lu was originally built in 1908, three years before the fall of the Qing dynasty (1644–1911). It is said that the church was designed and built by French missionary Louis-Elisée Fatiguet ().
It was inscribed as a municipal-level protection unit by the Jiujiang Municipal Government in 1986.
Architecture
The church faces the south and its shape is like a rectangle. It is long, wide and high. There is a cross on the roof.
Gallery
References
Buildings and structures in Jiujiang
Tourist attractions in Jiujiang
1908 establishments in China
Roman Catholic churches in Jiangxi
Churches completed in 1908
Kokhav Nolad 9 is the 9th season of the popular reality TV show Kokhav Nolad, which focused on finding the next Israeli pop star. It is hosted by Tzvika Hadar with judges Margalit Tzan'ani, Tsedi Tzarfati and the Newest Miri Messika and Yair Nitzani. Rather than in Jerusalem as in the previous season, the final of Kochav Nolad 9 took place in Haifa in July 2011.
Participants
External links
Official website
Kokhav Nolad seasons
Loch Long is a sea loch situated on the western coast of Scotland, in the Highlands. It is a popular destination for tourists and fishermen.
The nearby Eilean Donan Castle stands at the confluence of Loch Long, Loch Duich and Loch Alsh.
Loch Long, Loch Duich and Loch Alsh were together designated as a Nature Conservation Marine Protected Area (NCMPA) in 2014. The designation is in place to protect the lochs' burrowed mud and their flame shell beds.
References
Sea lochs of Scotland
Lochs of Highland (council area)
Nature Conservation Marine Protected Areas of Scotland
This is a list of public art in Los Angeles. This list applies only to works of public art accessible in an outdoor public space. For example, this does not include artwork visible inside a museum.
Most of the works mentioned are sculptures. When this is not the case (i.e. sound installation, for example) it is stated next to the title.
Downtown Los Angeles
Central Los Angeles
East Los Angeles & Northeast Los Angeles
Harbor
South Los Angeles
The Valley
West Los Angeles
See also
Murals of Kobe Bryant
References
Art in Greater Los Angeles
Public art
Los Angeles
Los Angeles
Public art
The .325 Winchester Short Magnum, commonly known as the 325 WSM is an 8mm caliber rebated rim bottlenecked centerfire short magnum medium bore cartridge. The cartridge was introduced by Winchester Ammunition in 2005.
The name of the cartridge is a misnomer, as the bullet diameter is . Introduced at the 2005 Shot Show in Las Vegas, NV, it is the largest member of the Winchester Short Magnum family of cartridges. The .325 WSM was intended for the hunting of medium and large bodied thin skinned dangerous and non-dangerous big game animals of Africa, Asia, Europe and North America.
History & Origin
Since the introduction of the .300 WSM in 2000 there had been speculation that Winchester and Browning would release further cartridges based on the cartridge case of the .300 WSM. Then in 2001 Winchester announced the release of the .270 WSM and the 7mm WSM cartridges. The common wisdom indicated that Winchester would release a .33 caliber (8.38 mm) cartridge based on the .300 WSM case. However, Winchester surprised the shooting public in 2002 when they introduced the .223 WSSM and the .243 WSSM based on a further shortened WSM case followed by the .25 WSSM in 2003.
The introduction of the .325 WSM in 2005 took the shooting public by surprise, as the 8mm caliber did not have a following in North America. Earlier introductions of 8mm cartridges in North America were met with failure, as the .30 caliber (7.62 mm) was generally considered the caliber of choice among American hunters.
When introduced, Winchester offered the cartridge loaded with a Ballistic Silvertip at (SBST325S), a Combined Technologies Accubond at (S325WSMCT), and a Power-Point at (X325WSM).
Cartridge design
The .325 WSM uses the .300 WSM case necked up to accept the 8mm bullet. The cartridge was influenced by the .404 Jeffery and contemporary cartridge designs calling for a short, fat cartridge operating at high pressures which could be cycled through a short action rifle. The understanding was that such cartridges would provide greater efficiency and uniformity in burning the powder charge which in turn would promote a greater inherent accuracy of the cartridge. The rebated rim design allows for the cartridge to utilize actions chambered for rifles based on the .375 Holland & Holland bolt face diameter.
The WSM case was designed to be loaded with .30 caliber (7.62mm) bullets. An aspect of the short, fat cartridge design is that it has a narrower acceptable caliber range than a longer cartridge case. It was for this reason that Winchester introduced the WSSM cartridge case to load sub .27 caliber (6.8mm) bullets. During the testing phase, Winchester had found that, when loaded with .33 caliber bullets, the WSM resulted in the loss of performance and settled for the 8mm caliber instead. Winchester determined that the .32 caliber was the largest caliber that provided a “magnum” level of performance in the WSM case.
Cartridge dimensions
The .325 Winchester Short Magnum has 5.39 ml (83 grain) H2O cartridge case capacity.
.325 Winchester Short Magnum maximum C.I.P. cartridge dimensions. All sizes in millimetres (mm).
Americans would define the shoulder angle at alpha/2 ≈ 35 degrees. The common rifling twist rate for this cartridge is 254 mm (1 in 10 in), 4 grooves, Ø of the lands = 8.00 mm, Ø grooves = 8.20 mm, land width = 4.47 mm and the primer type is large rifle.
According to the official C.I.P. (Commission Internationale Permanente pour l'Epreuve des Armes à Feu Portatives) rulings the .325 Winchester Short Magnum can handle up to 435 MPa (63,091 psi) piezo pressure. In C.I.P. regulated countries every rifle cartridge combo has to be proofed at 125% of this maximum C.I.P. pressure to certify for sale to consumers.
The .325 Winchester Short Magnum is a Delta L problem cartridge, meaning it can present unexpected chambering and/or feeding problems. The Delta L problem article explains this problem in more detail.
The German 8×68mm S cartridge introduced in 1939 is probably the closest ballistic twin of the .325 Winchester Short Magnum. The .325 Winchester Short Magnum is considerably shorter and fatter and has a more radical rebated rim, much steeper shoulder angle and a shorter neck (7.82 mm) than the 8×68mm S. This makes the 8×68mm S case with its 9.11 mm long neck better suited for loading long heavier bullets and due to its sleeker exterior shape bound to cycle more reliably in bolt-action rifles in extreme situations. On the other hand, the proportions of .325 Winchester Short Magnum promote good internal ballistic efficiency that allows the .325 Winchester Short Magnum to fire shorter lighter bullets at slightly higher muzzle velocities whilst using less propellant than the classically proportioned 8×68mm S.
Performance
The .325 WSM is an efficient, flat shooting 8mm magnum rifle cartridge. Bullet weights range from . Performance is on par with the two other magnum cartridges: 8mm Remington Magnum and the German 8×68mmS cartridge with lighter weight bullets. However, these later two cartridges have a distinct edge of being able to seat long heavy bullets without encroaching upon the powder space. Due to the necessity of seating heavier longer bullets more deeply into the powder column due to the short design and maximum overall length of the .325 WSM cartridge, velocity drops off as bullet weight increases. This is particularly evident with mono-metal bullets such as Nosler's E-Tip bullets, and the Barnes X bullets. These bullets are constructed of copper, which is about 20% less density than that of a conventional lead bullet. The resulting mono-metal bullets are typically longer, which requires these bullets to be seated more deeply to meet standards set for the cartridge and allow reliable feeding and cycling of the cartridges in rifles.
8 mm cartridges compared
Maximum muzzle velocity comparison in % of the probably most proliferated European and American 8 mm rifle cartridges out of 650 mm (25.59 in) long barrels loaded with relatively light to heavy 8 mm bullets to their C.I.P. or SAAMI (Sporting Arms and Ammunition Manufacturers' Institute) sanctioned maximum pressures.
This comparison is not totally objective since the 8mm Remington Magnum and .325 WSM operate at 448.16 MPa (65000 psi), the 8×68mm S at 440 MPa (63817 psi), the 8×64mm S at 405 MPa (58740 psi) and the 7.92×57mm Mauser at 390 MPa (56564 psi) maximum chamber pressure. Higher chamber pressure results in higher muzzle velocities.
Sporting Use
The .325 WSM should be considered primarily a hunting or sporting cartridge. It was intended to take medium and large bodied, dangerous thin skinned game up to 1800 lbs. Bullets of 180 gr or less are intended for smaller deer species such as white tail and mule deer, while those of 200 gr or more are intended for elk, moose and large bear. The .325 WSM being an 8mm cartridge could find favor among European hunters for elk (European moose), wild boar as its performance is similar to the vaunted 8×68mm S cartridge. The cartridge is useful for all including the largest bear species. Most outfitters recommend at least a .30 to .37 cal. magnum class cartridge (depending on the hunters recoil threshold) for the larger bear species such as the Alaskan brown bear and the polar bear. Due to the flat shooting and long range performance of the .325 WSM it is also a top performer for most African plains game such as kudu, nyala, wildebeest and zebra.
The .325 WSM has not made inroads in competitive shooting sports or military use. However, on the contrary to what some competitive shooters and sportsman believe, and as mentioned above, there are quite an array of bullet sizes and shapes to choose from if you reload. Bullet weights from 125 gr. to 250 gr. are offered by premium bullet makers such as Nosler, Sierra, Barnes, Woodleigh, Swift, Hornady and other major manufactures.
Rifles
Winchester Ammunition's release of the .325 WSM was in conjunction with the release by FN Herstal of rifles chambered in the cartridge under the Browning and Winchester brand names. Originally, Winchester released the Ultimate Shadow, Camo Ultimate Shadow, Classic Featherweight, Classic Laminated, Super Grade RMEF (Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation) and Super Grade III in the 325 WSM while Browning chambered the 325 WSM in their A-Bolt, X-Bolt and BAR rifle lines.
Typical rifles for the WSM line of cartridges have barrels between which is less than the typical magnum rifle. The short action combined with short barrels allow for a lighter rifle than a standard magnum rifle which would be based on a standard action with a barrel.
See also
Winchester Short Magnum
List of handgun cartridges
List of rifle cartridges
Table of handgun and rifle cartridges
8 mm caliber
References
C.I.P. CD-ROM edition 2003
C.I.P. decisions, texts and tables (free current C.I.P. CD-ROM version download (ZIP and RAR format))
C.I.P. TDCC datasheet 325 WSM
SAAMI cartridge and chamber drawings for the 325 Winchester Short Magnum
Pistol and rifle cartridges
Magnum rifle cartridges
Winchester Short Magnum rifle cartridges
The 2018 Categoría Primera A season (officially known as the 2018 Liga Águila season for sponsorship reasons) was the 71st season of Colombia's top-flight football league. The season began on 2 February and concluded on 16 December. Millonarios were the defending champions.
In the Torneo Apertura, Deportes Tolima won their second league title on 9 June, after tying with Atlético Nacional 2–2 on aggregate score in the finals and then beating them 4–2 on penalties and in the Torneo Finalización, Junior won their eighth title on 16 December, following a 5–4 win against Independiente Medellín on aggregate score in the finals.
Format
The league was played under the same format used since the 2015 season, with the exclusion of the regional derby matchday in the first stage of both the Apertura and Finalización tournaments being the only change to be applied for this season. Both tournaments were divided into three stages: a first stage which was contested on a single round-robin basis, with each team playing the other teams once for a total of 19 matches. The top eight teams after the nineteen rounds advanced to a knockout round, where they were drawn into four ties to be played on a home-and-away basis, with the four winners advancing to the semifinals and the winners of each semifinal advancing to the final of the tournament. The winners of the final in each tournament were declared as champions. Relegation to Categoría Primera B by average continued being used.
Teams
20 teams took part, eighteen of them returning from last season plus Boyacá Chicó and Leones, who were promoted from the 2017 Primera B. Leones became the first team to secure promotion, after winning the Torneo Finalización on 26 November 2017, and competed in the Primera A for the first time ever. On the other hand, Boyacá Chicó sealed their promotion on 6 December 2017, by winning the Primera B championship on penalty kicks against Leones. They returned to the top tier after just one year. Both promoted teams replaced Cortuluá and Tigres who were relegated at the end of the last season.
Stadia and locations
a: Atlético Huila played their first three home games in the Torneo Apertura (against Deportivo Cali, Junior, and La Equidad) at Estadio Manuel Murillo Toro in Ibagué due to their regular stadium Estadio Guillermo Plazas Alcid not meeting DIMAYOR's stadium requirements.
b: Jaguares played their first three home games in the Torneo Apertura (against La Equidad, Deportes Tolima, and Patriotas) at Estadio Armando Tuirán Paternina in Sahagún due to works on the artificial lighting system at Estadio Jaraguay which enabled it to meet DIMAYOR's stadium requirements.
c: Junior played their home matches against Deportivo Pasto, Atlético Huila, and Rionegro Águilas at Estadio Romelio Martínez in Barranquilla instead of their regular stadium Estadio Metropolitano Roberto Meléndez.
Managerial changes
Torneo Apertura
First stage
The First stage began on 2 February and consisted of nineteen rounds with teams playing each other once. It ended on 6 May with the top eight teams at the end of this stage advancing to the knockout phase.
Standings
Results
Knockout phase bracket
Quarterfinals
|}
First leg
Second leg
Semifinals
|}
First leg
Second leg
Finals
Tied 2–2 on aggregate, Deportes Tolima won on penalties.
Top goalscorers
Source: Dimayor
Torneo Finalización
First stage
The First stage began on 20 July and featured the same format used in the Torneo Apertura, with reversed fixtures. It concluded on 11 November with the top eight teams at the end of this stage advancing to the knockout stage.
Standings
Results
Knockout phase bracket
Quarterfinals
First leg
Second leg
Semifinals
First leg
Second leg
Finals
Junior won 5–4 on aggregate.
Top goalscorers
Source: Dimayor, Soccerway
Aggregate table
Relegation
A separate table was kept to determine the teams that get relegated to the Categoría Primera B for the next season. The table included an average of all first stage games played for the current season and the previous two seasons. For purposes of elaborating the table, promoted teams were given the same point and goal tallies as the team in the 18th position at the start of the season.
Source: DimayorRules for classification: 1st average; 2nd goal difference; 3rd number of goals scored; 4th away goals scored.
See also
2018 Categoría Primera B season
2018 Copa Colombia
References
External links
Dimayor's official website
Categoría Primera A season
Categoria Primera A season
1
The Emperor's New Clothes is a 2015 documentary film about the growing disparity between economic classes, directed by Michael Winterbottom and starring actor/activist Russell Brand.
Synopsis
The film contains archival footage from the 21st-century recession paired with "comedic send-ups" from Brand, conducted in the financial districts of London and New York. In one scene in the film, Brand attempts to confront Lord Rothermere, the billionaire owner of the Daily Mail, about their "non-dom" tax status, through which they avoid paying taxes in the United Kingdom by claiming residence elsewhere. When Brand rings the bell at Rothermere's London mansion and asks through the intercom to speak to him, they are told by an unseen person that Rothermere does indeed live there.
Winterbottom stated that the film will explore why "nothing has changed" since the economic crisis in 2008.
"It's about inequality and why the 1 percent (of the world's wealthy) seem to have so much and the rest of us not quite so much," Winterbottom told the BBC in October 2014. "Everyone knows about equality and what's going on in the world, so the idea is to point out the ludicrous extremes of our society."
The documentary began shooting in October. Winterbottom and Brand had previously discussed—but ultimately abandoned—the idea of producing a film version of Brand's first memoir, My Booky Wook.
Distribution and release
The film is produced by Winterbottom's Revolution Films company and distributed by StudioCanal UK.
The Emperor's New Clothes debuted in London on 21 April 2015, followed by a question-and-answer session with Brand. It made its international debut in the Spotlight Category on 24 April at the Tribeca Film Festival.
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 60% approval rating based on 40 reviews, with an average ranking of 5.6/10. The site's consensus states: "The Emperor's New Clothes offers trenchant, timely insight on the current socioeconomic climate that is only partly undermined by star Russell Brand's self-aggrandizing on-screen persona". On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 53 out of a 100 based on 7 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
Martin Tsal of the Los Angeles Times wrote "Advocacy documentaries simply don't get better or more compelling than this". David Calhoun of Time Out said "Even if you can't stand the sight of this greasy Jesus, you might warm to the tub-thumping political doc[umentary] he's made with director Michael Winterbottom". According to Stephen Holden of The New York Times the film is "moderately effective agitprop".
NPR's Scott Tobias criticized the film for its branding, calling it a "hectoring irritant throughout the film". A similar criticism came from Noel Murray of The A.V. Club who added "Russell Brand rants about the economy for 101 goddamn minutes in [this film]".
Following the film's premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival, Kenji Fujishima wrote "The Emperor's New Clothes suggests that Russell Brand has picked up a few tactics from Michael Moore". While Fujishima was rather fond of the film, another contributor of Slants, Clayton Dillard, criticized the film for "hyping Russell Brand as a constituent for the people [rather] than locating the means for sustained economic transformation".
Even though the US publications were mixed on the film, the national newspapers in Britain and Ireland were mostly fond of The Emperor's New Clothes. Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian called the film "[an] entertaining attack on the dishonesty and mediocrity of Britain's corporate overlords". Geoffrey Macnab of The Independent wrote "Brand puts across a familiar message in a very lucid and entertaining fashion". Financial Timess Nigel Andrews have praised the film for its "Socratic dialogues".
According to Charlotte O'Sullivan of the Evening Standard, the film "[r]espects our intelligence and bombards us with jolting facts about the ever-widening gap between rich and poor".
Wendy Ide of The Times was the only British critic who gave the film a negative review, stating "The Emperor's New Clothes is a case study in the pitfalls of personality-led documentary".
Donald Clarke of The Irish Times was also critical of the film, stating "Many sympathetics to the comic's critique of bandit capitalism will be repelled by their flamboyant self-regard".
From Australia, Sandra Hall of The Sydney Morning Herald'' stated "Angry but affable is the style adopted by British comic Russell Brand for this extended rant against the sins of the rich and powerful".
References
External links
Documentary films about the Great Recession
2015 documentary films
British documentary films
Films directed by Michael Winterbottom
Russell Brand
2010s English-language films
2010s British films
Iloilo's 2nd congressional district is one of the five congressional districts of the Philippines in the province of Iloilo. It has been represented in the House of Representatives of the Philippines since 1916 and earlier in the Philippine Assembly from 1907 to 1916. The district consists of the municipalities of Alimodian, Leganes, Leon, New Lucena, Pavia, San Miguel, Santa Barbara and Zarraga. It is currently represented in the 18th Congress by Michael B. Gorriceta of the Nacionalista Party (NP).
Representation history
Election results
2019
2016
2013
2010
See also
Legislative districts of Iloilo
References
Congressional districts of the Philippines
Politics of Iloilo
1907 establishments in the Philippines
Congressional districts of Western Visayas
Constituencies established in 1907
The 183rd Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. The regiment was nicknamed "The Fourth Union League Regiment".
Service
The 183rd Pennsylvania Infantry was organized at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, beginning December 24, 1863, and continuing through March 8, 1864, under the command of Colonel George P. McClean.
The regiment was attached to 1st Brigade, 1st Division, II Corps, Army of the Potomac, to March 1865. 4th Brigade, 1st Division, II Corps, to July 1865.
The 183rd Pennsylvania Infantry mustered out of service on July 13, 1865.
Detailed service
Campaign from the Rapidan to the James River, Va., May 4 – June 12, 1864. Battle of the Wilderness May 5–7; Corbin's Bridge May 8; Spotsylvania May 8–12; Po River May 10; Spotsylvania Court House May 12–21. Assault on the Salient May 12. North Anna River May 23–26. online of the Pamunkey May 26–28. Totopotomoy May 28–31. Cold Harbor June 1–12. Before Petersburg June 16–18. Siege of Petersburg June 16, 1864, to April 2, 1865. Jerusalem Plank Road, Weldon Railroad, June 22–23, 1864. Demonstration north of the James at Deep Bottom July 27–29. Deep Bottom July 27–28. Mine Explosion, Petersburg, July 30 (reserve). Demonstration north of the James at Deep Bottom August 13–20. Deep Bottom, August 14–18. Ream's Station August 25. Boydton Plank Road, October 27–28. Reconnaissance to Hatcher's Run December 9–10. Hatcher's Run, February 5–7, 1865. Watkins' House March 25. Appomattox Campaign March 28-April 9. Hatcher's Run or Boydton Road March 30–31. White Oak Road March 31. Sutherland's Station April 2. Sailor's Creek April 6. High Bridge, Farmville, April 7. Appomattox Court House April 9. Surrender of Lee and their army. March to Washington, D.C., May 2–12. Grand Review of the Armies May 23.
Casualties
The regiment lost a total of 187 men during service; 4 officers and 92 enlisted men killed or mortally wounded, 2 officers and 89 enlisted men died of disease.
Commanders
Colonel George P. McLean
Colonel James Canning Lynch
Colonel George T. Egbert
See also
List of Pennsylvania Civil War Units
Pennsylvania in the Civil War
References
Dyer, Frederick H. A Compendium of the War of the Rebellion (Des Moines, IA: Dyer Pub. Co.), 1908.
Attribution
Military units and formations established in 1863
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
Units and formations of the Union Army from Pennsylvania
Admiral William Rawdon Napier, (13 June 1877 – 8 April 1951) was a Royal Navy officer who served as First Naval Member and Chief of the Australian Naval Staff from 1926 to 1929.
Naval service
Napier joined the Royal Navy as a naval cadet in January 1891. They were promoted to lieutenant on 15 January 1898. From 25 July 1902 they were posted to the cruiser HMS St George, serving in the Cruiser squadron, before becoming torpedo officer (T) in the cruiser HMS Good Hope when it commissioned for service in the Atlantic Fleet in November 1902.
They served during the First World War and was mentioned in despatches for their service in the Gallipoli campaign and awarded the Distinguished Service Order for minesweeping operations. They were appointed First Naval Member and Chief of the Australian Naval Staff in 1926; promoted vice-admiral on 31 July 1929 and retired the following day.
They were promoted to full admiral in 1933. They died at their home in Fareham in Hampshire in 1951.
References
1877 births
1951 deaths
Companions of the Distinguished Service Order
Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Royal Navy admirals
Royal Navy personnel of World War I
Military personnel from Hampshire
Cloud County (county code CD) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 9,032. Its county seat and most populous city is Concordia.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1867, Cloud County was established.
Cloud county was originally named Shirley County, but civic leaders feared that sounded too much like the name of a prostitute. It was then renamed "Cloud" county in honor of Colonel William F. Cloud.
Cloud County was formed from the existing Washington County, Kansas in a joint convention with Republic and Cloud counties. The county was legally organized on September 6, 1866, with Elk Creek designated as the temporary county seat.
In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a branch line from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This branch line connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior. At some point, the line from Neva to Lost Springs was pulled but the right of way has not been abandoned. This branch line was originally called "Strong City and Superior line" but later the name was shortened to the "Strong City line". In 1996, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway merged with Burlington Northern Railroad and renamed to the current BNSF Railway. Most locals still refer to this railroad as the "Santa Fe".
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Geographic features
The Republican River passes through the county, entering from Republic County to the north and exiting to Clay County to the east. The Solomon River traverses the southwestern portion of the county, going from Mitchell County to Ottawa County. Jamestown Lake lies partially in the northwestern part of the county and partially in southwestern Republic county.
Major highways
Cloud County is bisected from north to south by U.S. Route 81, which runs through the town of Concordia and connects north to Belleville, Kansas or south to Salina, Kansas. The southern part of the county also has U.S. Route 24, connecting Clay Center, Kansas from the east and Beloit, Kansas to the west.
There are four other state highways in the county: K-9, K-28, K-189, and K-194.
Adjacent counties
Republic County (north)
Washington County (northeast)
Clay County (east)
Ottawa County (south)
Mitchell County (west)
Jewell County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 10,268 people, 4,163 households, and 2,697 families residing in the county. The population density was 14 people per square mile (6/km2). There were 4,838 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.30% White, 0.34% Black or African American, 0.25% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.13% from other races, and 0.73% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.60% of the population.
There were 4,163 households, out of which 27.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.10% were married couples living together, 6.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 35.20% were non-families. 30.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.89.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.40% under the age of 18, 10.40% from 18 to 24, 21.90% from 25 to 44, 22.20% from 45 to 64, and 23.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 90.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 86.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,758, and the median income for a family was $39,745. Males had a median income of $27,166 versus $20,114 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,536. About 6.40% of families and 10.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.10% of those under age 18 and 8.70% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Cloud County is a Republican Stronghold. The Last democrat to carry this county was Jimmy Carter in 1976.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, Cloud County remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1998, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Colleges
Cloud County Community College in Concordia
Historic
Miltonvale Wesleyan College (closed 1972)
Concordia Normal School (closed 1876)
Concordia Business College (closed sometime after 1930)
Unified school districts
Clifton-Clyde USD 224
Concordia USD 333
Southern Cloud USD 334
Communities
Cities
Aurora
Clyde
Concordia
Glasco
Jamestown
Miltonvale
Simpson (partly in Mitchell County)
Unincorporated communities
Ames
Como
Cook
Cool
Hannum
Hollis
Huscher
Lawrenceburg
Macyville
Meredith
Minersville
Nelson
Oneonta
Princeville
Rice
Rosaco
Saint Joseph
Sibley
Sulphur Springs
Yuma
Townships
Cloud County is divided into eighteen townships. The city of Concordia is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Notable people
See List of people from Cloud County, Kansas
Charles H. Blosser was an aviator who was awarded the Kansas Governor's Aviation Honors Award and was inducted into the Kansas Aviation Hall of Fame in 1990. At one time, they were the oldest living licensed pilot in the United States.
Napoleon Bonaparte Brown was a soldier, business person, politician, and resident of Kansas and Missouri in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.  They are most known as the namesake and builder of the Brown Grand Theatre in Concordia, Kansas, a majestic opera house completed in 1907 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The theater has been called "the most elegant theater between Kansas City and Denver."
Frank Carlson was an American politician who served as the 30th Governor of Kansas and United States Representative and United States Senator from Kansas. They called Concordia their home.
Larry Hartshorn was a former NFL Offensive Guard who played for the Chicago Cardinals in 1955 and 1957. They later played in the Canadian Football League with the Calgary Stampeders in 1958. After their years in professional football, Hartshorn moved to Concordia to become a teacher and coach for 33 years at Concordia Junior-Senior High School, where they coached Keith Christensen. Hartshorn began the wrestling program in 1966, running it as head coach from 1966 to 1974. They continued to serve in various coaching and education capacities until their retirement.
Ernest C. Quigley was a basketball referee and as an umpire in Major League Baseball. They also worked as an American football coach and official. Quigley was raised in Concordia, Kansas where they were a prominent member of the high school football team in the 1890s. In 1944 they became the athletic director at the University of Kansas.
Popular culture
Cloud County has also been listed as one of the locations for Smallville in the Superman story line.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cloud County, Kansas
List of people from Cloud County, Kansas
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Cloud County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 89 pages; 1917.
Standard Atlas of Cloud County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 56 pages; 1901.
Edward's Atlas of Cloud County, Kansas; John P. Edwards; 43 pages; 1885.
External links
County
Cloud County – Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Cloud County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1867 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1867
Syczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Els Demol (born 28 January 1958, in Leuven) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. They were elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010.
Notes
Living people
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
New Flemish Alliance politicians
1958 births
Politicians from Leuven
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Belgian women in politics
Environment and Behavior is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the fields of environmental psychology and environmental studies. The editor-in-chief is Stanley T. Asah (University of Washington). It was established in 1969 and is published by SAGE Publications. The journal explains different threats the environment experiences.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in Scopus, PsycINFO and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2019 impact factor is 5.141
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Environmental social science journals
Psychology journals
Environmental studies journals
Publications established in 1969
10 times per year journals
General Stratton may refer to:
James H. Stratton (1898–1984), U.S. Army brigadier general
William Stratton (British Army officer) (1903–1989), British Army lieutenant general
See also
Attorney General Stratton (disambiguation)
Gunnar Johansson (born 20 May 1957) is a Swedish water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1957 births
Living people
Swedish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Sweden
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
People from Söderhamn
Sportspeople from Gävleborg County
Rick L. Woods (born November 16, 1959) is a former professional football player, a defensive back in the NFL. They played safety and cornerback for six seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers (1982–86) and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers (1987).
Woods grew up in Boise and played high school football at Boise High and college football at Boise State, where they were a standout defensive back and punt returner. They were a member of the I-AA national championship team in 1980, and the 1981 team that reached the national semifinals. As a punt returner at BSU, they rarely called a fair catch, earning them the nickname "Riverboat Gambler." In the 1982 NFL Draft, Woods was selected in the fourth round (97th overall) by the Pittsburgh Steelers.
American football cornerbacks
American football safeties
Boise State Broncos football players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Tampa Bay Buccaneers players
Players of American football from Idaho
Sportspeople from Boise, Idaho
1959 births
Living people
Greenville (formerly, Oregon Hill) is an unincorporated community in Yuba County, California, United States. It is located on Little Oregon Creek southeast of Challenge, at an elevation of 2182 feet (665 m).
A post office operated at Greenville from 1857 to 1860.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Populated places established in 1857
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County, California
1857 establishments in California
Homoine District is a district of Inhambane Province in south-east Mozambique. Its principal town is Vila de Homoine. The district is located at the east of the province, and borders with Morrumbene District in the north, Jangamo District in the southeast, Inharrime District in the south, Panda District in the west, and Funhalouro District in the northwest. In the east, the district is bounded by the Indian Ocean. The area of the district is . It has a population of 107.475 as of 2007.
Geography
The principal rivers in the district are the Domo-Domo River, the Nhanombe River, and the Nhalihave River. There are two lakes, Lake Pembe and Lake Nhavarre.
The climate is tropical semi-arid, with the annual rainfall being . Savanna occupies the largest part of the district.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into two postos, Homoine (seven localities, including Vila de Homoine, the administrative center of the district) and Pembe (two localities).
Demographics
As of 2005, 42% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 49% did speak Portuguese, and the most common mothertongue was Chopi. 53% were analphabetic, mostly women. The population density in Homoine District is higher than in other districts of Inhambane Province.
Economy
The economy in the interior of the district was badly damaged by the civil war. For example, out of 103 lodges which existed before the war, only 49 were in operation after the war. 1% of the households have electricity.
There is exploitation of white sand deposits, as well as of stone for construction, on a relatively small scale.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 23,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sweet potato, rice, and sorghum.
Transportation
The total length of the roads in Homoine District is .
References
Districts in Inhambane Province
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1663.
Events
February
The Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres (Academy of the Humanities) is founded in Paris.
Katherine Philips' translation of Pierre Corneille's Pompée is produced successfully at the Theatre Royal, Dublin (Smock Alley Theatre) in Ireland, as the first rhymed version of a French tragedy in English and the first English play written by a woman to be performed on a professional stage. It is published in Dublin and London later in the year.
February 24 – John Milton marries their third wife, Elizabeth Minshull, 31 years their junior, at St Mary Aldermary in the City of London.
May 7 – The King's Company inaugurates its new theatre, the first Theatre Royal, Drury Lane, London, with a revival of Fletcher's The Humorous Lieutenant. The play succeeds and runs for twelve nights in a row, unusual under the repertory system of the time.
August – The Playhouse to Be Let, an anthology of work by Sir William Davenant, is performed at Lincoln's Inn Fields in London.
December 1 – John Dryden marries Elizabeth, sister of Sir Robert Howard. Dryden and John Aubrey become Fellows of the Royal Society in the same year.
unknown dates
In the Electorate of Bavaria, a legal deposit law requires copies of all newly printed books to be deposited in the Bavarian State Library in Munich.
In England, Roger L'Estrange is appointed Surveyor of the Imprimery and Printing Presses and licenser of the press.
The Third Folio of Shakespeare's plays is published by Philip Chetwinde in London, adding Pericles and six plays of Shakespeare Apocrypha to the canon.
Publication takes place at Cambridge in the Massachusetts Bay Colony of the "Eliot Indian Bible" (Mamusse Wunneetupanatamwe Up-Biblum God) makes it the first complete Bible published in the Americas. The translation by the English-born Puritan missionary John Eliot of the Geneva Bible from English into the Massachusett language (Natic or Wômpanâak) variety of the Algonquian languages is printed by Samuel Green.
New books
Prose
Molière –
John Spencer –
Drama
Anonymous – The Wandering Whores' Complaint for Want of Trading (published)
Miguel de Barrios –
Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery – The General
George Villiers, Duke of Buckingham (after Jonson) – Sir Politic Would-Be
Pedro Calderón de la Barca
Henry Cary – The Marriage Night
Abraham Cowley – The Cutter of Coleman Street
William Davenant
The Playhouse to Be Let (performed)
The Siege of Rhodes Part 2 (published)
John Dryden – The Wild Gallant
Andreas Gryphius
,
Papinianus
Edward Howard – The Usurper (first performance; published 1667)
James Howard – The English Monsieur
Sir Robert Howard – The Committee
"T. P." – A Witty Combat, or the Female Victor (once attributed to Thomas Porter)
Thomas Porter – The Villain
Richard Rhodes – Flora's Vagaries
Sir Robert Stapylton
The Stepmother
The Slighted Maid
Sir Samuel Tuke – The Adventures of Five Hours (adapted from Antonio Coello's )
Poetry
Abraham Cowley – Verses Upon Several Occasions
Sir William Davenant – Poem, to the King's most sacred Majesty
Births
February 12 – Cotton Mather, New England Puritan author and minister (died 1728)
March 6 – Francis Atterbury, English man of letters and bishop (died 1732
March 22 – August Hermann Francke, German theologian (died 1727)
May 20 – William Bradford, American printer (died 1752)
Unknown dates
William King, English poet (died 1712)
George Stepney, English poet (died 1707)
Probable year of birth – Delarivier Manley, English novelist, playwright and pamphleteer (died 1724)
Deaths
April 5 – John Norton, English religious writer (born 1606)
April 17 – David Questiers, Dutch poet (born 1623)
July 14 – Elizabeth Egerton, countess of Bridgwater, English essayist (childbirth, born 1626)
October 31 – Théophile Raynaud, French theologian (born 1583)
December 5 – Severo Bonini, Italian music writer (born 1582)
Unknown date – Claude de Bourdeille, comte de Montrésor, French memoirist (born c. 1606)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Tout Solide Malekesa is a football club in Kisangani, Democratic Republic of Congo. They formerly played in the Linafoot Ligue 2, the second level of professional football in DR Congo, and the Stade Lumumba with a capacity of 10,000.
Honours
Ligue de Football de Province Orientale (LIFPO)
Winners (4): 2003, 2007, 2008, 2010
External links
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Kisangani
Association football clubs established in 1958
1958 establishments in the Belgian Congo
The Park District of the West End of the city of Glasgow, Scotland, is an area located around Park Circus, which sits atop Woodlands Hill, beside Kelvingrove Park.
Overview
The Park District area is bordered by the City Centre, Kelvingrove, Kelvingrove Park and Woodlands. Park Circus was built between 1855 and 1863. Many of the area's large townhouses that were converted to offices during the latter half of the 20th century are being returned to residential use. It was declared a Conservation Area in 1970.
Prior to 2013, the City of Glasgow civil marriage rooms were located at 22 Park Circus, in the former Italian consulate. The Scottish Football Association (SFA) had its headquarters on Park Gardens in the area, but moved to Hampden Park when the stadium was redeveloped and also became a home for the organisation. A mosaic depicting the badge of the SFA still exists at the entrance to their former headquarters. The Scottish Labour Party formerly had its headquarters in the area; the towers that once formed the University of Glasgow's Trinity College are located on Lynedoch Place and dominate the local skyline, although classes ceased in the early 1970s and the building was converted to apartments in the 1980s, in contrast to the neighbouring Park Church, of which only the distinctive white tower remains, with the church itself replaced by offices in the late 1960s when that function was in demand in the area. As for other organisations, the offices of The Royal Society for the Protection of Birds, The Scottish Council for Development and Industry, The Scottish Catholic International Aid Fund and The Goethe Institute are located here.
Park Circus
Park Circus forms a centrepiece of the Park District. It has two gently curving crescents of large 19th-century townhouses, including 22 Park Circus, and an oval garden in the centre.
Maclay Hall
The University of Glasgow had a hall of residence on Park Terrace, known as Maclay Hall. It was donated to the University by Lord and Lady Maclay in 1921 in memory of their two sons who fell during the First World War. The hall was sold for private development in 2004. The development suffered a setback on 13 June 2006, when fire swept through House 18 and the surrounding terrace.
Situation
University of Glasgow and Kelvingrove Art Gallery and Museum are approximately 8 minutes of walking away from Park District. Nearby public transport includes Kelvinbridge subway station and Charing Cross (Glasgow) railway station.
References
External links
Park District on Google Maps
Park District on Panoramio
Park District - Illustrated Guide
Areas of Glasgow
Barrett's Missouri Battery was an artillery battery that served in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. After entering Confederate service on April 1, 1862, the unit was armed with two 6-pounder smoothboore cannons and two 12-pounder howitzers and was commanded by Captain Overton W. Barrett. It was present during the Siege of Corinth, but saw no action. During the Battle of Perryville in October 1862, Barrett's battery provided artillery support for a Confederate brigade. After spending the next several months moving around Tennessee, the battery supported a Confederate attack during the Battle of Stones River in December. The 1863 Chickamauga campaign brought light action for the unit, which also fought in the Battle of Missionary Ridge. When the Confederates retreated after the Missionary Ridge fighting, Barrett's battery was part of the Confederate rear guard at the Battle of Ringgold Gap, earning the praise of Patrick R. Cleburne. Rearmed with four 12-pounder howitzers, the unit was action in the 1864 Atlanta campaign as part of the Confederate reserve artillery, although two of the cannons were lost to attrition. On April 16, 1865, the battery ceased to exist when its flag, cannons, and most of its members were captured during the Battle of Columbus, Georgia. As of January 2021, its battle flag is part of the collection of the Missouri State Museum.
Background
When the American Civil War began in 1861, the state of Missouri was politically divided, with substantial portions of the population holding either pro-secession or anti-secession beliefs. Governor Claiborne Fox Jackson was a secessionist and supported the Confederate States of America, and mobilized elements of the state militia in an effort to capture the St. Louis Arsenal. On May 10, Jackson's men were dispersed by Brigadier General Nathaniel Lyon of the Union Army; a pro-secession riot in St. Louis followed. Jackson responded by forming the Missouri State Guard (MSG) and appointing Major General Sterling Price as its commander. In June, Lyon evicted Jackson, the MSG, and the pro-secession elements of the state legislature from the state capital of Jefferson City. The secessionists retreated to southwestern Missouri, all the while pursued by Lyon. On August 10, Lyon attacked the combined camp of the MSG and Confederate States Army elements commanded by Brigadier General Benjamin McCulloch, which was near Springfield. In the ensuing Battle of Wilson's Creek, Lyon was killed and their army routed. Price followed up on their victory, leading the MSG north towards the Missouri River; by winter, Union reinforcements had chased them back into southwestern Missouri. In the Battle of Pea Ridge, fought on March 7 and 8, 1862, in northwestern Arkansas, Price and the MSG suffered another defeat while serving under Major General Earl Van Dorn. After Pea Ridge, Van Dorn's army was transferred east of the Mississippi River. Eventually, many of the men of the MSG joined Confederate Army units.
Service history
Formation and Perryville
Barrett's Missouri Battery joined the Confederate Army on April 1, 1862, while the men were at Memphis, Tennessee. Captain D. A. Rice had been associated with unit, but did not continue with it after the organization date, so command was held by Captain Overton W. Barrett. At first, Barrett's Battery was not issued cannons and was sent to Corinth, Mississippi, where it was armed on May 19 with two 6-pounder smoothbores and two 12-pounder howitzers. The 6-pounder smoothbores were obsolescent, fired at a flat trajectory, and had a range of . The howitzers had a maximum range of and fired with a higher trajectory, which was useful where rough terrain made projectiles fired with a flat trajectory ineffective. Confederate artillerymen were hampered by problems with gunpowder and artillery fuze quality, which often resulted in premature detonation of shells, sometimes while still in the cannon. American Civil War cannons generally required a crew of four to six men.
Union troops placed Corinth under siege, bringing on the Siege of Corinth. While Barrett's battery was present in Corinth during the siege, it did not see fighting. The Confederates eventually abandoned the town during the night of May 29/30. On July 21, Barrett's battery received reinforcements when men from a defunct Louisiana artillery unit known as the Orleans Guard Battery joined the Missourians. After being assigned to the brigade of Colonel Samuel Powell, the strengthened battery participated in the Confederate Heartland Offensive. That campaign was an operation led by Confederate General Braxton Bragg, who had forces in Union-held Kentucky along with Major General Kirby Smith. Control of Kentucky was believed to be vital to the course of the war, as if Kentucky joined the Confederacy, Missouri and Maryland were thought to be likely to do so as well. In early October, elements from both Bragg's army and a Union army commanded by Major General Don Carlos Buell gathered near Perryville, Kentucky, and the Battle of Perryville was fought on October 8.
During the early stages of the fighting at Perryville, Powell advanced their brigade onto the field, but deployed them too far to the rear, leaving the formation isolated on the Confederate left. Barrett's battery, still armed with the four 6-pounders, took up a position atop a forested hill. Later in the battle, Powell's infantry was sent forward from the battery's position to attack a Union battery on another hill, although a single regiment was left to protect the artillery. Once Powell's attack began, Barrett's battery opened fire on the Union artillery at a range of . When the attack was followed by a successful Union counterattack, the battery fired inaccurately at the advancing Union soldiers before retreating to a new position further to the rear. That secondary line was also attacked, and Powell's men were forced back to the Chaplin River. The unit did not report suffering any casualties during the fighting. The Confederates retreated after the battle, and Barrett's battery was stationed at various points in Tennessee until December.
Stones River and Chickamauga
In December 1862, a Union army commanded by Major General William S. Rosecrans moved against the position of Bragg's army near Murfreesboro, Tennessee. Bragg did not retreat and instead attacked Rosecrans's force on December 31, bringing on the Battle of Stones River. During the battle, Barrett's battery was part of the Confederate center, working with the brigade of Brigadier General Edward C. Walthall. When Confederate troops were preparing to attack Colonel Timothy Robbins Stanley's brigade, Barrett's and three other batteries fired into the Union line, wreaking havoc that helped force the retreat of Stanley's men.
The historian Peter Cozzens described the four batteries's fire as the "only instance of [Confederate] artillery support" during the fighting. Barrett's battery saw four of its members wounded at Stones River. The unit reported having problems with the quality of its case shot, as almost all of the 73 rounds of case shot fired by the battery exploded prematurely. In March 1863, Bragg began a push to replace all of the 6-pounders and 12-pounder howitzers from their army, as they were being outperformed by Union guns. Replacement cannons were slow in arriving, and in May Barrett's battery was still armed with two 6-pounders and two 12-pounder howitzers. The battery was also assigned to Bragg's artillery reserve that spring. The Orleans Guard Battery was reformed, and the former members of it assigned to Barrett's battery were returned to the Louisiana unit on July 11. After spending some time as part of the garrison of Chattanooga, Tennessee, Barrett's battery moved into Georgia.
Meanwhile, Rosecrans had moved their army towards Chattanooga, capturing the place in early September. Bragg, in turn, prepared for a counterattack; the Chickamauga campaign had begun. During the Confederate advance during the campaign, Barrett's battery successfully fought a Union cavalry detachment at LaFayette, Georgia, on September 7. Bragg's and Rosecrans's armies made preliminary contact on September 18, and the Battle of Chickamauga was joined on September 19. Barrett's battery was held in reserve along with other artillery units and was not heavily engaged at Chickamauga. The battery was then reinforced again, when members of Sengstak's Alabama Battery, who had been captured during the Siege of Vicksburg, were exchanged and assigned to Barrett's battery.
Missionary Ridge and Ringgold Gap
After Chickamauga, the Union army retreated to Chattanooga, which the Confederates soon put under siege. Part of the Confederate defenses were on Missionary Ridge, a ridge east of the city. In mid-October, Rosecrans was removed from command and replaced by Major General George Thomas. On November 25, Thomas's men attacked the Confederate position on Missionary Ridge, driving the defenders from the position. Other Union assailants attacked Patrick R. Cleburne's men further to the north, although Cleburne's men fought a strong rear guard action. Barrett's battery fought at multiple different points on the Confederate line, including with Cleburne and at a different point in the Confederate right center. At one point, the battery was positioned on a hilltop position south of Tunnel Hill, where it fired effectively into the Union right. The battery was forced to abandon a caisson on the field after it suffered damage. Two days after the fighting on Missionary Ridge, Cleburne was again holding the Confederate rear guard, this time during the Battle of Ringgold Gap. Barrett's battery saw action at Ringgold Gap, with one section slowing the Union advance enough to receive praise from Cleburne.
Atlanta and Columbus
In the spring of 1864, Union Major General William T. Sherman was ordered to drive a large force into Georgia, in hopes of tying down Confederate troops that could otherwise be sent to the fighting in Virginia and capture the vital rail center of Atlanta. Barrett's battery was armed with four 12-pounder howitzers before the Atlanta campaign, although by the end of October, one of the pieces had been condemned and another had exploded. As part of the Confederate artillery reserve, the unit fought throughout the Atlanta campaign, which ended in September after Sherman took Atlanta. On April 16, 1865, Barrett's battery fought in one of the last battles to take place east of the Mississippi River during the war, the Battle of Columbus, Georgia. In the battle, Major General James H. Wilson's Union cavalry attacked the Confederate defenders of Columbus, who were defeated. Barrett's battery was wrecked during the battle, losing its battle flag, cannons, and most of its soldiers to capture; the unit ceased to exist after the battle. Over the course of its existence, about 200 men served with the unit, and at least eight of them died of various causes during their service. As of January 2021, the unit's flag is in the collection of the Missouri State Museum.
References
Sources
Artillery units and formations of the American Civil War
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Missouri
Military units and formations established in 1862
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1862 establishments in Tennessee
1865 disestablishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Giuseppe Wilson (, born Joseph Wilson, 27 October 1945 – 6 March 2022), also known as Pino Wilson, was an Italian footballer who played as a centre back. Although born in Northern England, they played the majority of their football career in Italy.
At club level Wilson played for Internapoli and Lazio, as well as representing the Italy national team three times in 1974. Wilson was one of 15 named in the Italian football betting scandal in 1980 (along with Bruno Giordano, Massimo Cacciatori and Lionello Manfredonia, in the first instance).
Early life
Wilson was born in Darlington to a Neapolitan woman Lina Di Francesca and Dennis Wilson, an Englishman who worked as an iron and steelworker at the local factory. Wilson's parents had met while Dennis was serving with the British Army in Italy. When Joseph Wilson was just six months old, their family moved to Naples, their mother's hometown as they found it hard to settle in the United Kingdom due to the cold winters. Their father found a job as supervisor at a Nato base.
Club career
Internapoli and Lazio
Wilson started their career with Internapoli in 1964–65 and they played for the side more than 150 times.
They joined S.S. Lazio in 1969. At Lazio they would enjoy their most notable spell as a footballer, staying with them for a decade playing over 300 games for them. This was a successful period for the club who won their first ever Serie A title in 1973–74 as well as the Coppa delle Alpi in 1971.
New York Cosmos
As their career wound down, Wilson spent a season in the United States, playing in the NASL league with the New York Cosmos during 1978, and winning the title. Wilson was named the Defensive Player of the game for Soccer Bowl '78.
Inter Montreal
In 1983, they joined FC Inter-Montréal of the Canadian Professional Soccer League.
International career
Wilson's success with Lazio gained them a place in the Italy national team, and they were in the squad for the 1974 FIFA World Cup. They made their debut in a friendly 0–0 draw against West Germany in 1974, and they made two appearances at the 1974 World Cup, making three appearances in total for Italy.
Retirement and death
Wilson was a pundit for Rai. In 2013, sport journalist Vincenzo Di Michele wrote Wilson's biography, "Pino Wilson: a True Captain from Another Era". They were briefly involved with an Italian restaurant in their native Darlington named Casa di Chirico, after their grandmother's maiden name.
Wilson died from a stroke in Rome on 6 March 2022, at the age of 76.
Honours
Lazio
Coppa delle Alpi: 1971
Serie A: 1973–74
New York Cosmos
NASL: 1978
References
1945 births
2022 deaths
Sportspeople from Darlington
Footballers from County Durham
Footballers from Naples
Italian footballers
Italian people of English descent
People of Campanian descent
Association football central defenders
Italy international footballers
1974 FIFA World Cup players
Serie A players
Serie B players
S.S. Lazio players
North American Soccer League (1968–1984) players
New York Cosmos players
Italian expatriate footballers
Italian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Inter-Montreal players
Canadian Professional Soccer League (original) players
Condé Nast Traveler is a luxury and lifestyle travel magazine published by Condé Nast. The magazine has won 25 National Magazine Awards.
The Condé Nast unit of Advance Publications purchased Signature, a magazine for Diners Club members, for $25 million in 1986. The company used it as the basis for Condé Nast Traveler, led by Sir Harold Evans in 1987, with a focus on literary journalism and hard news reporting. As editor-in-chief, Evans coined the motto "Truth in Travel," which declared that travel industry freebies would not be accepted.
Condé Nast Traveler is currently led by Editor-in-Chief Melinda Stevens. The magazine is produced at Condé Nast's US headquarters at One World Trade Center in New York City. A separate UK edition, Condé Nast Traveller, is produced from Condé Nast's offices at Vogue House in London.
Condé Nast Traveler main competitor is Travel + Leisure.
Controversies
Condé Nast Traveler, with the aid of social networking websites Facebook and YouTube, produced a series of videos officially titled Many People, Many Places, consisting of 13 videos. Each video lasts between three to four minutes long where over 70 people from 70 countries (including English-speaking countries) reveal how to say everyday phrases in their country of birth. The Filipino representative, an unidentified woman, counted numbers and money, sang Happy Birthday, said "Cheers!" in English rather than Tagalog, before stating that the Tagalog language lacked tongue twisters. Despite being able to sing the national anthem of the Philippines in Tagalog, the videos went viral on social media, with users complaining the woman was not properly portraying Filipino culture in comparison to the other representatives from the 70 other countries did. In response, Condé Nast Traveler admitted in a Facebook post that “[o]ne of our subjects, a Filipino woman, answered our questions in English rather than Tagalog based on their experience growing up and living in the Philippines... we appreciate your feedback and take seriously our responsibility to respectfully represent the many different aspects of the countries we cover at Condé Nast Traveler.”
References
External links
Condé Nast Traveler US site at cntraveler.com
Condé Nast Traveller UK site at cntraveller.com
Condé Nast Traveller' India site at cntraveller.in
Condé Nast Traveler History and Content
Traveler
Ypsolopha cockerella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including New Mexico.
The wingspan is about 19–21 mm.
The antennae are white, each joint with a dark fuscous spot in front. The labial palpi are white and the tuft on the second joint is longer than the short terminal joint. The face, head and thorax are white with a slight yellowish tint and the shoulders are very light golden brown. The forewings are shining silvery white. There is a broad very light golden brown streak running from the base to the tornus along and crossing the fold and just below the costal edge is another similar narrower golden streak. The apical edge is touched with brown. The hindwings are light silvery fuscous and the legs and underside of the body are white.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
NONOTAK, also known as Nonotak Studio, is a collaborative installation and performance project founded by visual artist Noemi Schipfer and architect-musician Takami Nakamoto that was conceived in 2011 with a commission from architect Bigoni-Mortemard to create a mural in the lobby of a public housing building in Paris. Nonotak work with light & sound installations and performance pieces to create ethereal, immersive and dreamlike environments which are built to envelope, challenge and stagger the viewer capitalising on Nakamoto's approach to space & sound and Schipfer's experience with kinetic visual and complex, geometric illustrations. Nonotak are also known for using custom built technology in many of their pieces as well as using conventional technology in unconventional ways to generate a certain desired effect.
Nonotak's installation piece Daydream V2 was nominated for the Prix Cube in 2013 and they were awarded the Art Directors Club of New York (ADC) Young Guns award in 2016. Nonotak were also selected as part of Forbes 2016 30 Under 30 Europe for the Arts.
In 2013, Nakamoto and Schipfer collaborated with Hermès on a window display named Light Excursions shown at Hermès Istanbul as well as an expanded version at the new Hermès flagship in Galeries Lafayette Paris. In June 2016, Nonotak conceived Hoshi, their largest piece to date. Presented by Vice Media publication The Creators Project and Toyota, the piece was showcased at one off presentations in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles. A variation of the piece Highline was shown at Day For Night in Houston later that year along with the projector based performance piece Shiro. Hoshi was also showcased in DJ Snake music video for their hit song "The Half" directed by Director X and that featured appearances by Young Thug, Swizz Beatz and Jeremih alongside DJ Snake.
In 2017 Nonotak collaborated with British filmmaker Sean Ellis and Stella McCartney on a short film that featured actor Cillian Murphy and music by Paul McCartney filmed over a single night in a forest outside London.
Since the inception of the project, Nonotak have performed and shown pieces at Tate Britain, Sónar Barcelona, Sónar Istanbul, TaicoClub, CTM Festival, Day For Night, STRP Biennial, Melbourne Music Week, Jerusalem Light Festival, MUTEK Montreal, MUTEK Mexico, MUTEK Colombia, Reuse KUwait, TodaysArt, Roppongi Art Night, Mapping Festival, Act Festival Korea, Notte Biancha and many more. The New York Times recently rated Nonotak performance piece Shiro as one of the top 15 performances of Sónar Barcelona 2017.
Schipfer is also a tattoo artist.
References
External links
http://nonotak.com/
Installation art
Mira Bjedov, married Nikolić, (born 7 September 1955 in Mokro Polje) is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1955 births
Living people
People from Ervenik
Yugoslav women's basketball players
Croatian women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Yugoslavia
Basketball players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic medalists in basketball
Centers (basketball)
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
My Dear Family is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1993 and released on the Evidence label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Matt Collar states "this is a superbly performed album by stellar, world-class musicians and should please most hardcore jazz fans."
Track listing
"Footprints" (Wayne Shorter) — 4:48
"Left Alone" (Billie Holiday, Mal Waldron) — 8:18
"Sassy" (Mal Waldron) — 4:02
"Sakura Sakura (Cherry Blossom)" (Traditional) — 9:04
"Here's That Rainy Day" (Johnny Burke, Jimmy Van Heusen) — 7:44
"Jean-Pierre" (Miles Davis) — 6:30
"Red Shoes" (Ujo Noguchi) — 7:59
"My Dear Family" (Mal Waldron) — 5:19
Recorded in New York City on September 21 & 24, 1993
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
Eddie Henderson — trumpet, flugelhorn (tracks 1, 3, 4 & 6-8)
Grover Washington Jr. — soprano saxophone (tracks 1, 2 & 5)
Reggie Workman — bass
Pheeroan akLaff — drums
References
1993 albums
Mal Waldron albums
Evidence Music albums
T. superba may refer to:
Terminalia superba, the superb terminalia, limba, afara or korina, a large tree species native to tropical western Africa
Tillandsia superba, a plant species native to Bolivia and Ecuador
See also
Superba (disambiguation)
Figure skating at the 1984 Winter Olympics took place at the Zetra Olympic Hall in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia. Jayne Torvill and Christopher Dean won gold for Great Britain, receiving twelve perfect scores (6.0) for artistic impression in the free dance segment of the ice dance competition, a feat that was never matched.
Medal table
Participating NOCs
Twenty-one nations sent figure skaters to compete in the events at Sarajevo.
Results
Men
Referee:
Donald H. Gilchrist
Assistant Referee:
Tjasa Andrée
Judges:
Vladimir Amsel
Gerhard Frey
Monique Georgelin
Ida Tateoka
Ingrid Linke
Björn Elwin
Tatiana Danilenko
Oskar Urban
Margaret Berezowski
Tsukasa Kimura (substitute)
Ladies
Referee:
Sonia Bianchetti
Assistant Referee:
Radovan Lipovscak
Judges:
Mikhail Drei
Ante Skrtic
Heinz Müllenbach
Giorgio Siniscalco
Jacqueline Itschner
Walburga Grimm
Raymond C. Alperth
Norris Bowden
Claude Carlens
Toshio Suzuki (substitute)
Pairs
Referee:
Elemér Terták
Assistant Referee:
Benjamin T. Wright
Judges:
Pamela Davis
Alain Calmat
Dagmar Řeháková
Franklin S. Nelson
Walburga Grimm
David Dore
Mikhail Drei
Ute Druvins
Toshio Suzuki
Claude Carlens (substitute)
Ice dance
Referee:
Lawrence Demmy
Assistant Referee:
Hans Kutschera
Judges:
István Sugár
Irina Absaliamova
Heinz Müllenbach
Courtney J.L. Jones
Tsukasa Kimura
Dagmar Řeháková
Cia Bordogna
Ann Shaw
Elaine DeMore
Lysiane Lauret (substitute)
On the 30 year anniversary of Sarajevo Winter Olympics, the pair of Jayne Torvill / Christopher Dean returned to Sarajevo on 13 February to perform Bolero.
References
External links
Official Olympic Report
results
http://library.la84.org/OlympicInformationCenter/OlympicReview/1984/ore197/ORE197f.pdf
1984 Winter Olympics events
1984
1984 in figure skating
International figure skating competitions hosted by Yugoslavia
Richard VI Duke (1652–1733) lord of the manor of Otterton, Devon, was four times MP for Ashburton, 1679, 1695, 1698 and 1701.
Origins
They were the son and heir of Richard V Duke (d. 1716) of Otterton by their wife Frances Southcott, daughter of George Southcote of Buckland-Tout-Saints.
Marriages and progeny
They married twice:
Firstly to Isabella Yonge, daughter of Sir Walter Yonge, 2nd Baronet (c. 1625–1670), of Colyton, MP, by whom they had an only daughter and heir presumptive Elizabeth Duke (d. 1716), whose marriage was arranged in 1705 to Robert Rolle (c. 1677–1710), MP for Callington (twice in 1701) and for Devon (1702–1710), heir apparent to their grandfather Sir John Rolle (1626–1706), KB, of Stevenstone and Bicton, Devon. This was destined to be a great dynastic marriage which would have combined two of the largest estates in Devon, yet the marriage was without progeny and thus the plan failed. The Rolle estate of Bicton was adjacent to Otterton, and thus the combination of the two would be advantageous from the administrative viewpoint. The Rolles did not however give up their desire to obtain Otterton, and further dynastic alliances (also failed) were arranged between the two families. The Rolle desire was fulfilled in 1786 when Denys Rolle (1725–1797) purchased for the huge sum of £72,000 the manor of Otterton, with several other manors, from the heirs of their brother-in-law the last Robert Duke (d. 1741) of Otterton, who had married their sister Isabella Charlotte Rolle, which marriage was without issue.
Secondly they married Elizabeth Cholwich, daughter of John Cholwich of Farringdon, by whom they had two children who died as infants:
Frances Duke (1707–1711)
Robert Duke (1712–1714)
Death and succession
They died in 1733 without surviving progeny. By their will their heir became Richard VII Duke (1688–1740) of Otterton, their second cousin once removed, the second son of Richard Duke (born 1653) by their wife Isabella, the son and heir of Richard Duke (born 1627), the son and heir of Robert Duke (1600–1665), the younger brother of Richard IV Duke (1600–1653) of Otterton.
Sources
Ferris, John. P., Biography of Duke, Richard (1652-1733), of Otterton, Devon, Published in The History of Parliament: the House of Commons 1660-1690, ed. B.D. Henning, 1983
Vivian, Lt.Col. J. L., (Ed.) The Visitations of the County of Devon: Comprising the Heralds' Visitations of 1531, 1564 & 1620, Exeter, 1895, pp. 311–314, pedigree of Duke of Otterton
References
1652 births
1733 deaths
People from East Devon District
English MPs 1679
English MPs 1695–1698
English MPs 1701
Members of the Parliament of England for Ashburton
Fantasia Today is a role-playing game magazine that was published in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
Publication history
Fantasia Today was a magazine dedicated to postal fantasy gaming based on the Midgard rules.
Reception
In the February 1976 edition of The Strategic Review (Issue #6), Gary Gygax lamented the low print quality, saying that it "runs from fair to poor." They were rather impressed by "an excellent article on herbs and magic, complete with sketches of each herb." On a scale of "Major Tragedy" to "Major Triumph", they rated it a Minor Triumph.
References
Role-playing game magazines
The Lyon Commune was a short-lived revolutionary movement in Lyon, France, in 1870 and 1871 - republicans and activists from several components of the far-left of the time seized power in Lyon and established an autonomous government. The commune organized elections, but dissolved after the restoration of a republican "normality", which frustrated the most radical elements, who hoped for a different revolution. Radicals twice tried to regain power, without success.
The Lyon events happened as part of a revolutionary wave in the aftermath of the collapse of the Second French Empire and culminating in the 1871 Paris Commune.
Beginnings of the revolutionary movement and preparation for the seizure of power
From the first months of 1870, the Lyon members of the International Workingmen's Association (IWA) worked to prepare the workers of Lyon for a possible revolution. In liaison with Mikhail Bakunin, they organized a big meeting bringing together several thousand participants on March 13, which gave great weight to the local section, then re-elected with Albert Richard at its head. On July 20, 1870, on the second day of the Franco-Prussian War, the IWA organized a peaceful demonstration in place des Terreaux to rue Sala.
During the conflict, throughout the city the republican and more radical elements (anarchists, revolutionary socialists) prepared for the fall of the Second French Empire. The different sensibilities tried to come together to organize the aftermath of Napoleon III but they did not manage to get along. However, all these circles agreed on the idea of municipal autonomy, to break with the centralizing practices of the Empire.
The news of the defeat at Sedan and the capture of the emperor, brought by travelers coming from Geneva, spread slowly. Among the activists who learned about it and who were preparing for the seizure of power, a group of radical tendencies which called itself the "committee of the nine" quickly made a list of approximately seventy names intended to form the first organ of power which would take the place of official authorities the next day. This group was made up of members of the left wing of the radical party, Blanquists for the most part. The majority of people on this list would effectively form the Committee of Public Safety.
The events of September 4: the seizure of power
The seizure of power and the proclamation of the Republic
From eight o'clock in the morning, the crowd gathered without a real slogan on the forecourt of the town hall. Without encountering resistance, it seized power under the leadership of a few leaders who had quickly arrived: Jacques-Louis Hénon, Désiré Barodet, Doctor Durand. Without delay, they proclaimed the French Third Republic on the balcony, in a radical but not revolutionary spirit, and put up a poster in town decreeing the downfall of the Empire. Members of the International Workingmen's Association (IWA) participated in the uprising, and the red flag was raised in place of the tricolor, without it being clearly defined whether this symbol announced a future revolution or simply proclaimed the downfall of the previous regime. Among the members announcing the Republic, there was Charles Beauvoir, member of the IWA.
The organization of power
Immediately, a committee of public safety made up of Republicans and some militants of the International was organized. This group of sixty-seven was elected by acclamation from the balconies of the town hall. They were called by the members of the committee of nine. The majority of committee members come from working-class backgrounds; including Louis Andrieux, then released from Prison Saint-Paul. Out of the totality, only ten were members of the IWA, the patriotism of the majority of the creators of the committee rejecting many of them.
The same day, the commune of la Guillotière experienced an uprising and the establishment of a commune with the red flag.
The governor's attempt to take over power
General Henri Espivent de La Villesboisnet left their troops in town and ordered them to disperse the revolutionaries. The men of the rank refuse to fight, leaving their sabers in their scabbards and mounting the butts of their rifles. In order not to see their lines disperse, and the weapons get lost in the crowd, the general quickly made them return to the barracks, leaving the public safety committee in place.
On the same day, the National Guards of the working-class neighborhoods, to whom no weapons had been entrusted, stormed the Lamothe and La Vitriolerie forts and seized weapons.
The Lyon Commune in place
On September 6, Paul-Armand Challemel-Lacour, who had been appointed prefect of the Rhône by the Government of National Defense, arrived in Lyon. On September 8, ten commissioners were appointed to act as “intermediaries for the people of Lyon with the Committee for Public Safety”. Albert Richard, Louis Andrieux and Victor Jaclard, who were part of it, were delegates to the Parisian government to discuss with it the levy en masse against the Prussians. Andrieux, whose only wish was the return of order, returned from Paris with the title of public prosecutor in Lyon. Albert Richard, meanwhile, returned with Gustave Paul Cluseret who was to be appointed commander of the Rhône volunteers and the corps of snipers from the South.
Mikhail Bakunin arrived in Lyon on September 14 or 15 with Vladimir Ozerov, Walenty Lankiewicz and F. Bischoff. They were alarmed to see the Lyon section of the IWA collaborating with the Republicans, and instead pushed them to foment a revolutionary war, against the Prussians, and at the cost of the overthrow of the provisional government, which they denounced as defeatist.
On the same day, the public safety committee dissolved to make way for the authorities elected in the municipal elections that it organized. Hénon then became the first mayor of Lyon.
The Salvation Committee of France
On September 17, 1870, during a public meeting, the militants of the IWA, including Bakunin, founded the Salvation Committee of France, on a program of mass levy and revolutionary war, in the spirit of 1792-1793. Camille Camet was its secretary, and its main figures were Albert Richard, Gustave Paul Cluseret, Charles Beauvoir, Mikhail Bakunin, Eugène Saignes and Louis Palix.
The Salvation Committee of France, which included delegates from different parts of the city, was very active, publishing manifestos and increasing the number of public meetings. Coordination was soon established between revolutionary groups, workers' associations and citizen militias, and the plan for an insurrection in Lyon was put in place.
In Lyon, on September 26, 1870, Salle de la Rotonde, at Les Brotteaux, during a big meeting with the workers in struggle of the national sites, the Salvation Committee of France called for the replacement of the provisional government by a decentralized and fighting federation of municipalities. The next day was spent preparing and writing a short program, which was printed on a red poster. This was put up on the morning of September 28, the day chosen for the uprising.
At the call of teams of agitators sent to the construction sites, a demonstration of several thousand workers displaying the red flag invaded the Place des Terreaux at noon. About a hundred activists from the Salvation Committee of France - including Bakunin, Saignes, Bastelica and Albert Richard - then entered the town hall.
From the top of the balcony, Saignes reads the manifesto again to the applause of the crowd. The mayor and the prefect Challemel-Lacour were held captive. Gustave Paul Cluseret went to la Croix-Rousse but failed to mobilize the working population and the national guard of the district there. Bakunin later attributed the failure of the movement to this "treason" by Cluseret: the workers gathered on the Place des Terreaux were in fact disarmed in the face of the troops and the national guard of the bourgeois neighborhoods. Surrounded by the town hall, and while the hoped-for uprising did not take place, the revolutionaries ended up negotiating the evacuation. Shortly after, when the prefectural power was restored and the repression began, Bakunin was forced to flee to Marseille.
Second uprising
In the spring 1871, many unknown Lyonnais militants and almost anonymous insurgents launched short insurrections, which took place in two stages. From March 22 to 25, 1871, the scene at the Town Hall, while that of April 30 and May 1, 1871, were more bloody, took place in the suburb of la Guillotière.
The Town Hall
During the night of March 22 to 23, the Town Hall was once again invaded with the help of actors from September 28, 1870, members of the former Committee of Public Safety, of the Revolutionary Committee of la Guillotière, and 18 battalions out of 24 of the Central Committee of the National Guard. A commission is installed.
On March 25, however, in a subtle attempt to counter the Lyon Commune, Jacques-Louis Hénon, the first mayor of Lyon of the Third Republic, had posters posted announcing the solemn reception of the heroes in arms of Belfort who had resisted the siege of the Prussians. The entry of this intervention force put an end to this insurrection.
La Guillotière
However, the red flag continued to fly over the town hall of la Guillotière, place du Pont. On April 30, after a call to boycott the elections, it was occupied by the national guards who forbade access to the polls with the complicity of the majority of the population. Barricades were erected on Grand rue de la Guillotière and cours des Brosses. The army arrived from Perrache, on the orders of prefect Marie-Edmond Valentin, facing a crowd of 20,000 to 25,000 people shouting "Don't shoot! Stick in the air! You are being made to march against the people!" It was then that two columns of infantry, one by the Pont de la Guillotière with Valentin and the other by the rue de Marseille with Andrieux, dispersed the demonstrators around 7.45 p.m. by firing. The insurgents retaliated from behind the barricades and the battle lasted until 11 p.m., when the soldiers called in the artillery to break down the doors of the town hall of la Guillotière. There were around thirty dead. Agent Jacques François Griscelli appeared to have played a role in this episode by defeating the "Geneva plot".
In Croix-Rousse, a barricade was erected on rue de Cuire, but, devoid of defenders, it was destroyed on April 30 at around 1:30 pm. On the other hand, the barricades on the Grand rue de la Guillotière held out until 11:20 am on May 1, when there were many wounded and at least 13 dead. La Guillotière now embodied the worker district and thus replaced the insurrectionary slopes of Croix-Rousse.
See also
Mikhail Bakunin
Besançon Commune
Paris Commune
References
Bibliography
September 1870 events
History of anarchism
History of Lyon
1870 in France
1871 in France
Rebellions in France
Sawin (; ) is a settlement in Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Sawin. It lies approximately north of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
The settlement has a population of 2,181.
Jewish Community
The first Jewish synagogue was built in Sawin on Brzeskiej Street in the early 1880s. A second synagogue was built in 1925 when the
611 Jews living in the village represented 48% of total population. There were 882 Jews living in the village at the start of World War II. They included 157 traders and salespersons, 75 craftsmen, and 250 laborers.
The Jewish cemetery on the outskirts of the village, on a street called Chuteckiej, was vandalized in 1943. In 1999, Mordechai Holcblat, a Sawin native living in Israel, rectified a wooden fence. In 2001, Philip Goldstejn, a Sawin native from Canada, and Mr. Holcblat from Israel created a Holocaust memorial on stone brought from Israel. They had the cemetery cleaned and the remaining gravestones were reset.
The Holocaust
The Nazis destroyed both synagogues and created a slave labor camp in November 1940 for local Jews and others from Kraków, Czechoslovakia, France, Austria, and Yugoslavia. They built drainage ditches and later were sent to extermination camps. Sawin's labor camp was closed on December 9, 1943, marching prisoners to Sobibor.
Sawin was the site of a Jewish forced labor camp established by the Germans for the purpose of improving water for the area. This camp had between 700 and 800 Jewish workers.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Ruthenian Voivodeship
Kholm Governorate
Lublin Voivodeship (1919–1939)
Holocaust locations in Poland
Cadia was an American Christian pop group composed of long-time best friends Courtney Myers and Tori Smith. They both went to school at Christ Presbyterian Academy. Their name, Cadia, is derived from the Greek word Arcadia, meaning place of peace, symbolizing the peace found when fears, insecurities, and trials are released.
The group's debut album includes a song written by Nichole Nordeman called "Inside/Out", which was chosen as the official theme song for Women of Faith's Revolve Tour in 2007.
Myers is the older sister of Carolyne Myers from the Christian pop group pureNRG.
Discography
Cadia (2008)
"Trust in Me Now"
"I'll Stay"
"Safe Place to Fall"
"This One's for the Girls"
"Shadowfeet"
"Jesus"
"Only a Prayer Away"
"Speak"
"Radiate"
"Curious"
"Inside/Out"
References
External links
Extended Information
Review of Cadia from the Phantom Tollbooth
American Christian musical groups
Christian pop groups
Fervent Records artists
Musical groups established in 2006
The PBA World Championship is one of five major PBA (Professional Bowlers Association) bowling events. It is one of three PBA Tour major events that are open only to PBA members. (The U.S. Open and USBC Masters allow qualifying amateurs to enter.)
Prior to 2002, the tournament was called the PBA National Championship. The PBA National Championship was first contested on November 28, 1960, then called the First Annual National Championship; the winner was PBA Hall of Famer Don Carter. Tournament champions currently win the Earl Anthony Trophy, named in honor of the late PBA legend who won this title a record six times (1973–75 and 1981–83). The World Championship has occasionally offered a $100,000 top prize, and as much as $150,000 in 2020.
Background
The National Championship and World Championship have been contested over the years using a variety of formats. Currently, the PBA World Championship format is different from normal PBA Tour events. Since the 2009–10 season, the initial qualifying scores for the World Championship have come from other stand-alone tournaments at the PBA World Series of Bowling, which celebrated its 13th anniversary in 2022. Thus, the current tournament is open to any PBA member who also enters the World Series of Bowling.
For the 2009–10 season, the PBA World Championship was part of the World Series of Bowling held in Allen Park, Michigan, and was contested in a split format. The qualifying rounds of the tournament were contested August 31 – September 4, with the televised finals being broadcast live on ESPN December 13, 2009. The PBA's second World Series of Bowling in 2010 was contested in Las Vegas, Nevada, and was again used as qualifying for the 2010–11 PBA World Championship. This time, the 60-game qualifying scores for the five "animal pattern" championships held at the World Series were used to determine the 8-bowler TV field for the PBA World Championship finals. The World Championship finals were televised live over three consecutive days (January 14–16, 2011), a PBA first.
Currently (as of the 2021 WSOB XII), combined scores from the 30 games of qualifying (10 games each) on three different animal oil patterns determine the top 30 for the cashers round of the PBA World Championship. These 30 players then bowl ten more games (two five-game blocks) on the Earl Anthony 43 oil pattern, which is named after the six-time winner of this event. The cashers field is subsequently cut to 16 players for two eight-game, roundrobin match play rounds. Total pinfall from all 56 qualifying games, including 30 bonus pins for head-to-head match play wins, determines the five players that advance to the televised finals. The Earl Anthony 43 oil pattern is also used for the match play and championship rounds.
World Champions
2022 event
The 2022 Guaranteed Rate PBA World Championship was contested March 7–11 at Bowlero Wauwatosa in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin, with a live televised stepladder final on March 13. The tournament had 96 entries and a $428,800 prize fund. The top 33 players cashed, with the champion earning $100,000.
Top seed Kristopher Prather defeated No. 4 seed Jason Sterner in the final match. After the two players tied at 237 in the regulation ten frames, Prather topped Sterner 10–6 in a one-ball sudden death roll-off. This was Prather's fifth PBA Tour title and second major championship.
Prize Pool:
1. Kristopher Prather (Plainfield, Illinois) – $100,000
2. Jason Sterner (Rochester, New York) – $55,000
3. Tommy Jones (Simpsonville, South Carolina) – $40,000
4. Jason Belmonte (Orange, New South Wales, Australia) – $30,000
5. Jakob Butturff (Tempe, Arizona) – $25,000
Past winners
+ Due to the 2012–13 "Super Season" running from November 2012 to December 2013, there were two PBA World Championship events: one in November 2012 and one in November 2013.
References
External links
PBA.com site
Ten-pin bowling competitions in the United States
The Urinals are an American punk rock band from Southern California, United States. Known for their minimalist approach to songwriting and recording — their lyrics have been called "punk haiku" — the band influenced other punk rockers of the 1970s and 1980s including the Minutemen. They have also been known as 100 Flowers and Chairs of Perception.
History
Founded in 1978 by John Talley-Jones, Kjehl Johansen, and Kevin Barrett, the band's first performance was a parody of punk rock performed for a talent show at their UCLA dorm. Though none of the group's members could play their instruments well, they continued to perform in on-campus venues. Their songs were usually short, seldom utilizing more than two chords.
The band's first off-campus show was at Raul's in Austin, Texas. Returning to L.A., they appeared with such groups as The Go-Go's and Black Flag. A roughly-recorded, four-song EP produced by Vitus Matare (of L.A.'s The Last and later Trotsky Icepick) followed. After developing a somewhat more sophisticated sound, the band changed its name to 100 Flowers (inspired by Chairman Mao Zedong's famous quote), but disbanded in 1983.
In 1996, the band reformed as the Urinals, releasing a CD of new material in 2003. They later took the name Chairs of Perception (a reference to Aldous Huxley's The Doors of Perception) before again becoming the Urinals in 2008.
Discography
The Urinals (7" EP, 1978, Happy Squid Records)
Another EP (7" EP, 1979, Happy Squid Records)
"Sex"/"Go Away Girl" (7" EP, 1980, Happy Squid Records)
Negative Capability...Check It Out! (CD, 1996, Amphetamine Reptile Records, 2004, Warning Label Records, LP, 2013, In The Red)
What Is Real and What Is Not (CD, 2003, Warning Label)
Next Year At Marienbad (CD/LP, 2015, Happy Squid Records)
As 100 Flowers:
Presence of Mind (7" EP, 1982, Happy Squid)
100 Flowers (LP, 1983, Happy Squid)
Drawing Fire (EP, 1984, Happy Squid)
100 Years of Pulchritude (CD, 1990, Rhino Records)
Compilation appearances
The Happy Squid Sampler (1980, Happy Squid)
Includes "U"
Life is Ugly So Why Not Kill Yourself (1982, New Underground Records)
Includes "She's a Drone"
Human Music (1988, Homestead)
Includes "I'm Like You"
Warfrat Tales (Unabridged) (2005, Avebury Records)
Includes "I'm Like You" and "Scholastic Aptitude"
As 100 Flowers:
Keats Rides A Harley (1981, Happy Squid, 2005, Warning Label Records)
Includes "Salmonella"
Hell Comes To Your House (1981, Bemisbrain)
Includes "Reject Yourself"
Life is Ugly So Why Not Kill Yourself (1982, New Underground Records)
Includes "Sensible Virgins"
Warfrat Tales (1983, Warfrat Grammophon; 2005, Avebury Records)
Includes "100 Flowers" and "From the Fire"
The Radio Tokyo Tapes (1983, Ear Movie)
Includes "The Long Arm of the Social Sciences"
Covers
The Minutemen covered "Ack Ack" (calling it "Ack Ack Ack") on the albums The Politics of Time and 3-Way Tie (For Last). A video of the song, directed by Talley-Jones, would be the Minutemen's last video due to the death of D. Boon.
No Age covered "Male Masturbation" on their EP Eraser.
Mika Miko covered "Sex" on their LP We Be Xuxa.
Yo La Tengo has covered "Black Hole" (on their Little Honda EP) and "Surfin' with the Shah". "Black Hole" was also covered by the Leaving Trains, Angry Angles, Women, Gun Club, and Grass Widow.
"I'm a Bug" was covered by Halo of Flies, Lili Z. (on their Let's Go 7"), The Meatmen (on their LP Cover the Earth), Ceremony (on their "Hysteria" 7" single), Sex Cult (on their Plain Jane 7") and Metz.
"Hologram" was covered by Digital Leather (on their LP Sorcerer) and Human Eye (on their Dinosaur Bones 7").
Other bands to cover Urinals songs include Butthole Surfers, The Dishes, The Reds, Kings of Leon, Mike Watt, and Eleventh Dream Day.
References
External links
Review by Dave Lang
Punk rock groups from California
Amphetamine Reptile Records artists
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Musical groups established in 1978
Musical groups disestablished in 1983
Musical groups reestablished in 1996
The Shadow Ministry of Andrew Peacock was the opposition Coalition shadow ministry of Australia from 12 May 1989 to 3 April 1990, opposing Bob Hawke's Labor ministry.
The shadow ministry is a group of senior opposition spokespeople who form an alternative ministry to the government's, whose members shadow or mark each individual Minister or portfolio of the Government.
Andrew Peacock resumed their position as Leader of the Opposition upon their return as leader of the Liberal Party of Australia on 9 May 1989 and appointed a new Shadow Ministry.
Shadow Ministry
The following were members of the Shadow Ministry:
See also
Shadow Ministry of John Howard
Shadow Ministry of John Hewson
Third Hawke Ministry
References
Liberal Party of Australia
National Party of Australia
Peacock
Opposition of Australia
Florence Ngatokura "Johnny" Frisbie (born 19 June 1932), also known as Johnny Frisbie Hebenstreit, is a Cook Islands author. Them autobiographical children's novel, Miss Ulysses of Puka-Puka (1948), was the first published literary work by a Pacific Islander woman author.
Biography
Frisbie was born in Papeete, Tahiti, the second child of American writer Robert Dean Frisbie and Ngatokura ‘A Mata'a. In 1934 the family moved to Ngatokura's home of Pukapuka in the Cook Islands, where Frisbie was raised. As a child they helped their father type up their writings and kept a journal in Pukapukan, Cook Islands Māori, and English, which they learned from their father's library and from comic books. Following the death of their mother in 1939 the family left Pukapuka and travelled to Manihiki and Rarotonga before settling on Suwarrow in January 1942. Later that year the atoll was hit by a tropical cyclone which washed away 16 of its 22 islets; the Frisbies survived by tying themselves to trees and taking shelter in a tree house. The family continued to travel around the South Pacific until their father's death of tetanus in 1948. During this time, Frisbie published Miss Ulysses of Puka-Puka, dealing with their life on the atoll and their bond with their father and family.
Following their father's death, the family was split up to be raised by friends and relatives of their father in New Zealand and Hawaii. In 1950 Florence moved to O‘ahu to be raised by the Engle family. They attended Punahou School in Honolulu, and after graduating the author James A. Michener encouraged them to take a job in Japan as a secretary in the military. In 1956 they married TV personality Carl 'Kini Popo' Hebenstreit. In 1959 they published a biography of their family, The Frisbies of the South Seas. They subsequently moved to New Zealand, where Frisbie lived for thirty years, working for the University of Otago and writing children's books. After their husband acquired a commercial radio licence they became involved in commercial radio, and then in television, working with Selwyn Toogood as a panelist on the New Zealand version of Beauty and the Beast. They served on the Māori and South Pacific Arts Council and was later a founding member of P.A.C.I.F.I.C.A. They subsequently returned to the Cook Islands, and then Hawaii.
In 2015 Frisbie returned to Pukapuka to participate in a documentary about life on the atoll. The film The Island in Me (originally titled Homecoming) debuted in November 2021 at the Hawaii International Film Festival.
Bibliography
Miss Ulysses of Puka-Puka (1948)
The Frisbies of the South Seas (1959)
'O se po maninoa (1988)
Pō malū (1988)
O le vaa fou : o se tala mai Pukapuka (1994)
I tua atu o le tafatafailagi (1995)
Honours
In the 1991 Queen's Birthday Honours, Frisbie was awarded the Queen's Service Medal for public services.
References
External links
Florence “Johnny” Frisbie: Life Lessons from Pukapuka Atoll – Long Story Short with Leslie Wilcox
1932 births
Living people
People from Papeete
People from Pukapuka
Cook Island writers
Cook Island Bahá'ís
New Zealand broadcasters
Recipients of the Queen's Service Medal
20th-century women writers
Gennady Viktorovich Vaganov (; born November 25, 1930 in the village of Duvan, Duvansky District, Bashkir ASSR) was a Soviet cross-country skier who competed during the early 1960s, training at the Armed Forces sports society in Moscow. They earned two bronze medals in the 4x10 km relay at the 1960 Winter Olympics and 1964 Winter Olympics.
They won a bronze medal in the 4x10 km relay at the 1962 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships.
Vaganov was awarded Order of the Badge of Honor (1960).
External links
World Championship results
1930 births
Olympic cross-country skiers of the Soviet Union
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Soviet male cross-country skiers
Cross-country skiers at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Living people
Armed Forces sports society athletes
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
Russian male cross-country skiers
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1960 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1964 Winter Olympics
Angela Pearly-Gates Montenegro-Hodgins (born Pookie Noodlin Pearly-Gates Gibbons) is a fictional character in the television series Bones (2005–2017), portrayed by Michaela Conlin.  They are a classically trained artist who creates forensic reconstructions for the police.
Brief character history
Angela Montenegro is the daughter of a fictional representation of Billy Gibbons from ZZ Top (played by the musician himself). Angela was born in Baltimore, Maryland on April 16, they are half-Chinese, and they once mentioned having taken French in school, in "The Body in the Bag", in season 6. Them middle name is meant to be an allusion to their father's guitar "Miss Pearly Gates". According to Angela, in "Mother and Child in the Bay", in season 2, Angela is 5'8 and weighs 135 pounds. In Season 10, Angela's real name is discovered to be Pookie Noodlin. Prior to the revelation, it was well known that they were so embarrassed by their birth name that they never told anyone, even their husband and closest friends.
Angela is a specialist in forensic facial reconstruction at the fictional Jeffersonian Institution, who frequently works with Dr. Temperance Brennan, their best friend. Angela received their undergraduate degree at the University of Texas at Austin in Visual Arts, with a minor in computer science. They also studied biomedical illustration at American University. They use their skills as an artist to develop, maintain, and improve the lab's three-dimensional graphics and computer simulation systems.  They are credited with the innovation of the "Angelator", which is later superseded by the "Angelatron". In "The Brain in the Bot", in season 12, Angela wins a MacArthur Foundation "genius grant" for which they were nominated by Dr. Temperance Brennan for their "groundbreaking" work with the "Angelatron".
Characterization
Throughout the series, Angela Montenegro is described as a "free spirit", "good-time girl" and "wild child".  They are shown to be more socially "normal" than their coworkers at the Jeffersonian, and seems to not consider themselves a scientist like the other "squints", instead on multiple occasions referencing facial reconstruction as an "art". In one episode, the character Jack Hodgins calls Angela "the heart of the operation." Angela's more typical social skills are often used by the writers as a balancing point and audience surrogate; they demonstrate a need to interact with other people in a way their more awkward colleagues do not. Plotlines have alluded that Angela has extensive romantic experience, once telling Zack Addy to "reap the benefits of my sexual wisdom." They also told Brennan, "I don't know how to talk to crazy people unless I'm dating them." When Brennan and Booth become a couple, they are often the one to explain their behavior to Brennan and gives their advice on how to get along with him.
Angela contemplates leaving the Jeffersonian at one point, under the assumption that their work does not contribute to cases in a meaningful way. They were also unsure of their ability to handle the graphic violence they were exposed to regularly at the lab. However, Dr. Goodman, the director of the Jeffersonian, spoke of the vital importance of their work in adding an element of humanity to the victims, returning their identity. This line of reasoning persuades them to remain at the lab.
Romantic relationships
Jack Hodgins
Angela and Hodgins met when Angela was brought on to work at the Jeffersonian by Brennan. While initially on good terms, they grew closer throughout season one. At the beginning of season two, Hodgins became obviously interested in her, and pursued them more openly. After a few episodes of palpable sexual tension, Hodgins finally asked Angela on a date in the episode "The Girl with the Curl". While their date was quite successful, Angela broke it off fearing repercussions if things went badly. Later, after Hodgins was rescued from being buried alive, they kissed, and at the end of the episode they went home together. Angela later asked Hodgins if they could sleep at their place one night after being spooked by restored video footage, and soon they were openly involved. After refusing Hodgins' marriage proposal twice, they proposed to him. Their wedding was cut short in the season two finale when it was revealed that Angela was technically married to a man from Fiji, Grayson Barasa. Their relationship ended after a lengthy search for their husband, and issues regarding Jack's trust of Angela.
Throughout seasons four and five, the two struggled with their relationship, eventually appearing to form a close, albeit awkward, friendship. After Hodgins declared they would support them during a pregnancy scare while they were dating Wendell Bray, their romantic tension was rekindled. While collecting evidence together for a murder investigation in Maryland, they were pulled over for a moving violation and subsequently jailed for a variety of minor infractions by a local sheriff. Their time spent together led them to re-examine their relationship, and why they broke up. When a judge arrived to post their bail, they were finally married in a civil ceremony with the sheriff as witness. They announced their marriage to their colleagues soon after. At the end of season five, they were planning to spend a year in Paris while Brennan and Booth were away, as neither of them wanted "to break in a new forensic anthropologist and FBI liaison."
Upon their return from Paris, Angela discovers that they are expecting their first child. Angela tries to keep their pregnancy a secret from the Jeffersonian team. This is because Angela wants to wait until after the first trimester and Hodgins wants to reveal the pregnancy when the time is right. It is later revealed that if Angela and Hodgins had a daughter, they would name their Temperance, after Dr. Brennan; but strictly as a middle name, because the name Temperance is "awful". Angela's father wanted to name their child "Staccato Mamba" (this came to them in a dream). However, the three of them finally agree on the names Katherine Temperance for a girl and Michael Joseph for a boy.
In the episode "The Blackout in the Blizzard" Angela and Hodgins find out they are both carriers of Leber's congenital amaurosis, giving their baby a 25 percent chance of blindness. This was a huge devastation for the couple, but in the end they reminded each other that they can handle anything together. Their son was born healthy and without a vision impairment. They were named Michael, as planned, Staccato, as Angela's father wanted, and Vincent, after the late Vincent Nigel-Murray, the full name thus becoming Michael Staccato Vincent Hodgins, but is more commonly known as Michael Vincent.
Grayson Barasa
It is revealed that, at one point, they married in a kava-influenced ceremony in Fiji. They were unsure whether the marriage was legal and had no knowledge of where their husband was after the ritual; in fact, the United States government considered the marriage valid, and prevented their marriage to Hodgins. When a private investigator tracked down Barasa, they attempted to convince Angela to stay with him, informing them that they had built them a house. Although they had no interest in pursuing anything with him, Barasa's presence eventually precipitated the end of Angela's engagement to Hodgins, because Angela felt that Hodgins did not trust them
Kirk Persinger
Season 1 Episode 17, "The Skull in the Desert", reveals that, for "three weeks out of the year, Angela has a boyfriend and a vacation." Angela's first revealed steady boyfriend, Kirk, is a "pseudo-famous photographer" who lives in the desert of New Mexico. Their five-year relationship ends abruptly when Kirk goes off into the desert with their Indian guide and never returns. Angela is prompted to call Temperance for help when a skull is left on the porch of the local sheriff. Dr. Brennan is able to identify that the skull does belong to Kirk and the premise of the episode is discovering what happened to them out in the desert. According to Angela, they were the guy to whom they compared all other guys.
Roxie Lyon
After breaking off their engagement with Hodgins, Angela resumes a relationship first forged at UT Austin with Roxie, a woman who currently works as a sculptor and who was, at the time of their reconnection, the suspect in a case. Roxie broke it off with Angela over irreconcilable differences in world view; Angela "lives in the moment" and Roxie wants a partner who plans for the future.
Wendell Bray
After Brennan's intern, Wendell Bray, gives Angela $45 to help save a baby pig, the two kiss and begin a relationship. Their relationship continued throughout part of Season 5. After they had been dating for a few months, Angela took a pregnancy test which came up positive. This test is later revealed, by a second test that Dr. Saroyan had run, to be a false positive. When Wendell found out, they told them that they would have supported them in their choices because it was their duty. This caused Angela to realize that while Wendell is a good guy, they were not "[her] guy" and subsequently ended their relationship. The break-up was mutual and amicable.
References
Bones (TV series) characters
American female characters in television
Fictional artists
Fictional bisexual females
Television characters introduced in 2005
Fictional characters from Baltimore
Fictional LGBT characters in television
LigoLab Information System is an American software company that provides software and laboratory operating systems for clinical laboratories. LigoLab develops and distributes the software tool TestDirectly, which is used for COVID-19 testing. It is based in Glendale, California.
History
LigoLab was co-founded in 2006 by Suren Avunjian and Edward Kharatian. Prior to founding LigoLab, Avunjian was Director of IT for Health Line Clinical Laboratories, which was eventually acquired by Labcorp.
In late 2019, LigoLab partnered with Washington-based lab Northwest Pathology to develop TestDirectly, a software tool for facilitating DTC COVID-19 testing during the COVID-19 pandemic. TestDirectly was officially released in April 2020. Since its release, TestDirectly has been used for mass testing by organizations such as the Washington State Department of Corrections and Illinois Department of Public Health.
In March 2020, LigoLab also provided LIS (laboratory information system) support for laboratories in several states including California, New York, and Washington that were conducting high-volume COVID-19 tests. In this capacity, LigoLab integrated its LIS & RCM Operating Platform with multiple instruments for COVID-19 testing.
LigoLab formed a partnership with Northwest Pathology and the Florida Department of Health through TestDirectly in June 2020. The partnership was formed to carry out COVID-19 testing on long-term care residents and staff in the state of Florida.
LigoLab's LIS & RCM Operating Platform was used by clinical laboratory Atlas Genomics to detect the first case of the B.1.1.7 variant of SARS-CoV-2 in King County, Washington in February 2021. In March 2021, LigoLab added LIS functionality to its TestDirectly platform.
As of November 2021, the company had 130 clinical laboratories in the United States in its network.
Software
LigoLab provides an LIS & RCM Operating Platform that integrates administrative, technical, and financial operations in a laboratory environment. The platform also enables automation of laboratory processes and combining LIS and RCM workflows. In 2020, the platform was integrated with multiple COVID-19 testing instruments from companies such as Roche, Thermo Fisher Scientific, and QIAGEN. LigoLab's LIS has been used by laboratories such as Reditus Laboratories.
LigoLab's TestDirectly software provides a web-based platform that links patients and governmental organizations with laboratories, doctors, and collection centers for direct-to-consumer COVID-19 testing, including at-home specimen collection.
LigoLab's laboratory operating system also includes modules for molecular diagnostics.
Scientific references
References
External links
Companies based in California
Glendale, California
Varaldsøy Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Kvinnherad Municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located on the island of Varaldsøy. It is the church for the Varaldsøy parish which is part of the Sunnhordland prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white, wooden church was built in a long church design in 1885 using plans drawn up by the architects Conrad Fredrik von der Lippe and Hans Heinrich Jess. The church seats about 390 people.
History
There has been a church on Varaldsøy since the Middle Ages. The earliest existing historical records of the church date back to the year 1337, but it was not new at that time. The first church on the island of Varaldsøy was a wooden stave church that was likely built during the 13th century. The church is said to have had an open air corridor surrounding the building.
In 1724, the church was sold by the Crown to Ole Gjerdrum, the local parish priest. During the Norwegian church sale, the King sold hundreds of churches during this time to help pay for the costs of the Great Northern War. Shortly afterwards, in 1729, the old stave church was torn down and replaced by a new timber-framed long church on the same site. The church had a nave that measured about and a choir that measured about . In 1873, the parish purchased the church back from private ownership at a cost of 615 Norwegian speciedaler.
In 1885, the church was torn down and a new church was built to replace it. The new church was constructed about to the southwest of the old church site. This new church was consecrated on 25 November 1885 by the Bishop Waldemar Hvoslef. In 1970, the church underwent an extensive renovation.
See also
List of churches in Bjørgvin
References
Kvinnherad
Churches in Vestland
Long churches in Norway
Wooden churches in Norway
19th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1885
13th-century establishments in Norway
Kenwick Station is a railway station on the Transperth network. It is located on the Armadale Line, 15.8 kilometres from Perth Station serving the suburb of Kenwick.
History
Kenwick station opened in 1914. It closed on 31 March 2014 for a six-month upgrade. It reopened on 27 October 2014.
Opposite the station lies a connection to the Kwinana freight line.
Services
Kenwick station is served by Transperth Armadale Line services.
The station saw 148,340 passengers in the 2013-14 financial year.
Platforms
References
External links
Armadale and Thornlie lines
Railway stations in Perth, Western Australia
Railway stations in Australia opened in 1914
Kenwick, Western Australia
Tim McNamara may refer to:
Tim McNamara (baseball), pitcher in Major League Baseball
Tim McNamara (musician), Australian country music performer, radio presenter and talent scout
Insurance Premium Tax (IPT) is a type of indirect tax levied on general insurance premiums in the United Kingdom.
Overview
The UK government introduced the Insurance Premium Tax to raise revenue from the insurance sector, which was viewed as being under-taxed, and not subject to Value Added Tax. The main EU legislation regarding VAT (Council Directive 2006/112/EC) states that insurance and reinsurance transactions, including related services performed by insurance brokers and insurance agents, are exempt from VAT.
The Insurance Premium Tax was announced by Kenneth Clarke in the November 1993 budget and introduced with the Finance Act 1994 which received Royal Assent on 3 May 1994. IPT is under the care and management of HM Revenue & Customs.
IPT raised £2.3 billion in the fiscal year 2009/10.
Law
The main law relating to IPT includes:
the Finance Act 1994 (sections 48-74 and schedules 6A, 7 and 7A, as amended by the Finance Acts 1997, 1998,1999, 2003, 2007, 2008, 2009 and 2010), which is the primary legislation establishing the principles of IPT
the Insurance Premium Tax Regulations 1994 (statutory instrument 1994/1774 - as amended), which is the main secondary legislation relating to IPT and which gives more details about the operation of the tax
Rates
There are two different insurance premium tax rates:
a standard rate of 12%
a higher rate of 20%
Insurers providing taxable insurance are required to register and account for IPT, as must intermediaries who sell insurance subject to the higher rate of IPT and charge a separate insurance-related fee on top of the premium itself.
The Chancellor George Osborne stated in the 2016 spring budget that the standard rate of IPT would increase from 9.5% to 10% from 1 October 2016.
In the 2016 autumn statement the new Chancellor Philip Hammond stated that the standard rate would increase from 10% to 12% from 1 June 2017.
Historic rates
From 1 October 1994 to 31 March 1997, a single rate of 2.5% was charged. From 1 April 1997, two rates were charged:
Standard rate
1 April 1997 to 30 June 1999 - a standard rate of 4%
1 July 1999 to 3 January 2011 - a standard rate of 5%
4 January 2011 to 31 October 2015 - a standard rate of 6%
1 November 2015 to 30 September 2016 - a standard rate of 9.5%
1 October 2016 to 31 May 2017- a standard rate of 10%
From 1 June 2017, the standard rate is 12%
Higher rate
1 April 1997 to 4 January 2011 - a selective higher rate of 17.5% on certain types of insurance arranged through certain suppliers of other goods and services, in line with VAT
From 1 August 1998 - the higher rate was extended to all taxable travel insurance, regardless of the type of supplier
From 4 January 2011 - the higher rate rose to 20%, in line with VAT
Exemptions
All types of insurance risk located in the UK are taxable unless they are specifically exempted. Exemptions from this tax include:
reinsurance
life insurance, permanent-health insurance and all other ‘long term' insurance, except health insurance
commercial aircraft and some associated liabilities
commercial ships and some associated liabilities
lifeboats and lifeboat equipment
foreign or international railway rolling stock and some associated liabilities
export finance
commercial goods in international transit
block insurance policies held by Motability which covers all disabled drivers who lease their cars and motorcycles through the scheme
risks located outside the UK
the Channel Tunnel
IPT registration
Businesses are required to register for IPT if they are:
an insurer who receives or intends to receive taxable insurance premiums
an intermediary who charges a fee to the insured in addition to the amount of higher rated premium due
Businesses must be registered from the date they receive (or someone receives on their behalf) their first taxable premium. Businesses must inform HM Revenue & Customs within 30 days of forming the intention of receiving taxable premiums as the insurer.
See also
Financial services
Financial Conduct Authority
HM Revenue & Customs
Insurance
Tax
Notes and references
Taxation in the United Kingdom
Owen Wynne (1652–1700) was a lawyer and civil servant in the seventeenth century.
Life
Wynne, born in 1652, was from Llechylched, Anglesey, north Wales and was part of a family that claimed descent from Hwfa ap Cynddelw, lord of Llifon in the twelfth century. Wynne was educated at Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1668 and obtaining their Bachelor of Arts degree in 1672. They later obtained a doctorate in law and seems to have become a member of Doctors' Commons in 1694. When the Welsh lawyer and academic Sir Leoline Jenkins – who had been the Principal of Jesus College during Wynne's time in Oxford – became Secretary of State for the Northern Department in 1680 (and later Secretary of State for the Southern Department), Wynne became their confidential secretary. Wynne continued as undersecretary to the succeeding Secretaries of State until about 1690, and was secretary to the commissioners that King James II sent to William of Orange in 1688. They have been described by one historian as "an early example of the permanent civil servant." They were warden of the Mint until 1690 and, in 1693 was secretary to the commissioners for prizes. They were the father of the lawyer and author William Wynne, who wrote The Life of Sir Leoline Jenkins using papers inherited from their father. Owen Wynne died in 1700.
References
External links
1652 births
1700 deaths
Welsh civil servants
Welsh lawyers
People from Anglesey
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
Members of Doctors' Commons
The Rouanet Law is a Brazilian law named after Sérgio Paulo Rouanet whose role is providing monetary funds for use in art and culture, including the production of movies. It is intended to encourage cultural investments and its major highlight is the tax incentive policy that enables companies and citizens to deduct a portion of income tax.
All projects must be approved by the Brazilian Ministry of Culture that examines technical feasibility of activities.
Controversies
Despite the pros, there is criticism against the law, which includes the possibility of funds being misappropriated. Critics also argue that the Ministry, rather than directly investing in culture, began to let companies themselves decide which kind of culture deserved to be sponsored.
The government's incentives to culture sums up to R$310 million (approximately US$82 million), in which R$30 million (U$8 million) goes to the end R$280 million (U$74 million) to the Rouanet Law, while the tax incentive no longer collects R$1 billion (US$263 million) to the Treasury.
In 2018, an attempt to revoke the Rouanet Law ruled the Federal Senate. The 2017 Legislative Suggestion Nº 49 requested the revocation of the law, but was rejected by the Human Rights Commission and Participatory Legislation of the Senate, following the report of Senator Marta Suplicy.
References
External links
Official website
Brazil's Federal Law 8313 of 23 December 1991
Ministry of Culture
Corruption Allegations
Brazilian legislation
Income taxes
Tax legislation
Ward No. 10, Kolkata Municipal Corporation is an administrative division of Kolkata Municipal Corporation in Borough No. 2, covering parts of Shyambazar, Shobhabazar, Shyampukur and Hatibagan neighbourhoods in North Kolkata, in the Indian state of West Bengal.
History
Attempts were made to establish a municipal corporation at Kolkata from the middle of the 19th century. The electoral system was introduced for the first time in 1847, and 4 of the 7 board members were elected by the rate payers. In 1852 the board was replaced by a new one and in 1863 a new body was formed. As per old records, in 1872 there were 25 wards in Kolkata (spellings as in use at that time) – 1. Shyampukur, 2. Kumartuli, 3. Bartala, 4. Sukea Street, 5. Jorabagan, 6. Jorasanko, 7. Barabazar, 8. Kolutola, 9. Muchipara, 10. Boubazar, 11. Padmapukur, 12. Waterloo Street, 13. Fenwick Bazar, 14. Taltala, 15. Kalinga, 16. Park Street, 17. Victoria Terrace, 18. Hastings, 19. Entali, 20. Beniapukur, 21. Baliganj-Tollyganj, 22. Bhabanipur, 23. Alipur, 24.Ekbalpur and 25. Watganj. A new municipal corporation was created in 1876, wherein 48 commissioners were elected and 24 were appointed by the government. With the implementation of the Municipal Consolidation Act of 1888 the area under the jurisdiction of the municipal corporation was enlarged. Certain areas were already there but more parts of them were added (current spellings) - Entally, Manicktala, Beliaghata, Ultadanga, Chitpur, Cossipore, Beniapukur, Ballygunge, Watganj and Ekbalpur, and Garden Reach and Tollygunj. The Act of 1923 brought about important changes. It liberalised the constitution along democratic lines.
The state government superseded the Corporation in 1948 and the Calcutta Municipal Act of 1951 came into force. Adult franchise was introduced in municipal elections in 1962. With the addition of certain areas in the southern parts of the city, the number of wards increased from 75 to 144.
Geography
Ward No. 10 is bordered on the north by Shyambazar Street, Bhupendra Bose Avenue and Bagbazar Street; on the east by Bidhan Sarani; on the south by Ramakanta Bose Street and Sri Aurobindo Sarani; and on the west by Jatindra Mohan Avenue and Sachin Mitra Lane.
The ward is served by Shaympukur police station of Kolkata Police.
Amherst Street Women police station covers all police districts under the jurisdiction of the North and North Suburban division of Kolkata Police, i.e. Amherst Street, Jorabagan, Shyampukur, Cossipore, Chitpur, Sinthi, Burtolla and Tala.
Demographics
As per 2011 Census of India Ward No. 10, Kolkata Municipal Corporation had a total population of 27,700, of which 14,513 (52%) were males and 13,187 (48%) were females. Population below 6 years was 1,160. The total number of literates in Ward No. 10 was 24,518 (92.38% of the population over 6 years).
Kolkata is the second most literate district in West Bengal. The literacy rate of Kolkata district has increased from 53.0% in 1951 to 86.3% in the 2011 census.
See also – List of West Bengal districts ranked by literacy rate
Census data about mother tongue and religion is not available at the ward level. For district level information see Kolkata district.
According to the District Census Handbook Kolkata 2011, 141 wards of Kolkata Municipal Corporation formed Kolkata district. (3 wards were added later).
Election highlights
The ward forms a city municipal corporation council electoral constituency and is a part of Shyampukur (Vidhan Sabha constituency).
References
Municipal wards of Kolkata
A Christmas window is a special window display prepared for the Christmas shopping season at department stores and other retailers. Some retailers around the world have become noted for their Christmas window displays, with some becoming tourist attractions. Christmas windows are sometimes thematic and may include animatronics.
North America
Several retailers in New York City attract shoppers and tourists to their Christmas window displays, including Macy's and Lord & Taylor. Macy's established the practice at its New York City store when it debuted an animated shop window in 1883.
AM&A's flagship department store in Buffalo, New York was known locally for its Victorian Christmas windows. Auction internet company Chartitybuzz auctioned the experience of watching Simon Doonan create the Barney's Christmas windows to benefit Christie's Green Auction in 2010 with a final bid received for $60,000. Kaufmann's offered Christmas windows and Santa Land.
Fees were charged to see Lonnie Hanzon's Christmas window display 12/25: A Holiday Store in Omaha in 1987.
Until it closed in 1989, Altman's was known for its Christmas window displays that rivaled Lord & Taylor's, a few blocks up on Fifth Avenue. In Pittsburgh, Horne's was one of the retailers known for its Christmas window displays. In Boston, Filene's would hold a Christmas tree lighting and Jordan Marsh would present a series festive Christmas window displays known as the "Enchanted Village". The window display has since relocated to Boston's Hynes Convention Center, and then to City Hall Plaza.
In Montreal, James Aird Nesbitt was in charge of the traditional Christmas window displays at the Ogilvy department store. In 1947, they commissioned German toymaker Steiff to create two animated holiday scenes known as "The Mill in the Forest" and "The Enchanted Village". The displays included dozens of handcrafted mechanical toy animals and more than a hundred moveable parts. In 2008, the displays were refurbished. Woodward's Department Store in Vancouver's retail shopping district was also known for its Christmas window displays.
Europe
Tom Keogh designed the annual Christmas windows for Galeries Lafayette department store in Paris during the late 1940s and early 1950s.
The Fenwick (department store) in Newcastle is known locally for its Christmas window display. Since 1971 there has been a Christmas display in the shop's windows, and people come from near and far to look at them. There are records going back to the 1930s to indicate that displays have been done. The 2009 theme was a traditional nativity scene, differing from the 2002 aliens theme ("Christmas in Another World") which showed aliens celebrating Christmas and sparked discussion in the letters page of the local papers. The Arab dress provoked some debate. The commentators may not have been familiar with the location of Bethlehem. In 2011, the store held the 40th anniversary of the store's Christmas window display tradition. The store is best known for its extravagant windows, filled with detailed sets and sophisticated moving figures, which appears every Christmas and almost rivals the windows in Liberty's. The themes are taken mainly from fairy tales and children's stories. The figures move and are accompanied by music.
In 2011, Anthony Ausgang designed the Christmas windows for the La Rinascente Department Store in Milan with larger-than-life three-dimensional models of their trademark psychedelic cartoon cats. Bertrand Planes designed Christmas window displays for Le Bon Marché in Paris.
Australia
In Australia, the Sydney department store David Jones presents an annual animated Christmas Window display. Traditionally these have often featured snowy northern hemisphere Christmas scenarios, but in 2014 the windows are set in a distinctly Australian summer, featuring beach and rainforest scenes, based on the book "Reindeer's Christmas Surprise" by Australian author Ursula Dubosarsky and illustrator Sue De Gennaro.
In Melbourne, the Myer department store began presenting an annual Christmas window display in 1956, and later added the annual Myer Christmas Parade. Displays have typically included scenes from Christmas related stories such as The 12 Days of Christmas, A Christmas Carol and How The Grinch Stole Christmas as well as nativity scenes and scenes from children's stories and fairy tales. For the past few decades, displays have featured animated characters. Uno's Garden was chosen as the theme of the 2007 Myer Christmas Windows in Melbourne and Brisbane, Australia.
Pop culture
The films Miracle on 34th Street and A Christmas Story feature Christmas window displays.
The book cover from the children's novel Christmas Holidays at Merryvale by Alice Hale Burnett (1916) featured a couple of children peering in a Christmas window.
See also
Christmas worldwide
Window shopping
WindowsWear
References
Further reading
Losing Ourselves in Holiday Windows by Hunter Oatman-Stanford December 20, 2013 Collectors Weekly
Advertising tools
Window
Window
Window
Windows
Sun-ok, also spelled Soon-ok, is a feminine Korean name or proper noun. Its meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 31 hanja with the reading "sun" and five hanja with the reading "ok" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names.
People with this name include:
Kim So-hee (singer, born 1917) (birth name Kim Sun-ok; 1917–1995), South Korean traditional musician
Lee Soon-ok (born 1947), North Korean defector and former political prisoner
Jeon Soon-ok (born 1954), South Korean labour activist and National Assembly member
Jung Soon-ok (volleyball) (born 1955), South Korean former volleyball player
Lee Soon-ok (volleyball) (born 1955), South Korean former volleyball player
Kim Soon-ok (screenwriter) (born 1971), South Korean screenwriter
Jung Soon-ok (born 1983), South Korean long jumper
Kim Soon-ok (table tennis), South Korean table tennis player
See also
List of Korean given names
Gong Sun-ok (; born 1963), South Korean novelist
Kim Sun-ok (bobsledder) (; born 1980), South Korean bobsledder
References
Korean feminine given names
Antonio Savo de' Panicoli (1629–1687) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Termoli (1677–1687).
Biography
Antonio Savo de' Panicoli was born in Rome, Italy in 1629 and ordained a priest on 7 June 1659.
On 20 December 1677, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent XI as Bishop of Termoli.
On 2 January 1678, they were consecrated bishop by Gasparo Carpegna, Cardinal-Priest of San Silvestro in Capite, with Giacomo de Angelis, Archbishop Emeritus of Urbino, and Giacomo Buoni, Bishop of Montefeltro, serving as co-consecrators.
They served as Bishop of Termoli until their death in November 1687.
Episcopal succession
While bishop, they were the principal co-consecrator of:
Tommaso Guzzoni, Bishop of Sora (1681); and
Andrea Brancaccio, Bishop of Conversano (1681).
References
External links and additional sources
(Chronology of Bishops)
(Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent XI
1629 births
1687 deaths
Mojo is a public artwork, by Christian Moeller. It is located at the Centre Street Lofts, 285 West 6th Street, at the corner of West 7th and Centre Streets, Los Angeles, California.
References
External links
Flickr.com: "lifeontheedge"
Christian-moeller.com
Outdoor sculptures in Greater Los Angeles
2008 sculptures
Downtown Los Angeles
George Taylor may refer to:
Military
George Taylor (Alamo defender) (c. 1816–1836), soldier in Texas army, died in the Battle of the Alamo
George Taylor (British Army officer) (1905–1994), served in World War II, the Korean War, and the Mau Mau campaign
George Taylor (Medal of Honor) (1830–1893), American Civil War sailor and Medal of Honor recipient
George A. Taylor (1899–1969), American army officer at D-Day invasion, Battle of Normandy
George P. Taylor (born 1953), American Air Force Surgeon General
George W. Taylor (general) (1808–1862), American Civil War general, Army of the Potomac
Politics
George Taylor (Canadian politician) (1840–1919), Canadian House of Commons member
George Taylor (Pennsylvania politician) (c. 1716–1781), signer of the U.S. Declaration of Independence
George Taylor (New York Representative) (1820–1894), American member of congress from New York
George Taylor (Connecticut politician) (1802–1881), politician and physician
George E. Taylor (Michigan politician) (1838–1903), Michigan politician and judge
George Edwin Taylor (1857–1925), National Negro Liberty Party candidate for president of the United States, 1904
George H. Taylor (New York assemblyman), member of the 85th New York State Legislature
George H. Taylor (New York state senator), member of the 144th New York State Legislature
George L. Taylor (1842–?), physician and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada
George Sylvester Taylor (1822–1910), American Massachusetts state senator
George W. Taylor (Alabama politician) (1849–1932), American member of congress from Alabama
George W. Taylor (Wisconsin politician) (1855–1931), American politician in Wisconsin
George William Taylor (born 1937), Canadian Solicitor General
George Taylor (Australian politician) (1861–1935), Australian labour leader and member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia
George Cuthbert Taylor (1886–1957), member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
Sports
George Taylor (boxer), mid-eighteenth century English boxer
George Taylor (manager) (1853–1911), American baseball manager
George Taylor (first baseman) (1869–?), Negro leagues first baseman
George Taylor (Australian rules footballer) (1876–1953), Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne
George Taylor (rugby league), rugby league footballer of the 1900s, 1910s and 1920s
George Taylor (footballer, born 1900) (1900–1982), played in the Football League for Brentford and Millwall
George Taylor (footballer, born 1901), English footballer
George Taylor (footballer, born 1907) (1907–?), English football outside right, who played for Coventry City F.C. in the 1930s
George Taylor (cricketer) (1909–1986), English cricket player
George Taylor (footballer, born 1909) (1909–?), English football left half
George Taylor (footballer, born 1915) (1915–1982), Scottish footballer, played for Aberdeen and Plymouth Argyle
George Taylor (footballer, born 1920) (1920–1983), English football goalkeeper, played for West Ham United
George Taylor (footballer, born 1948), Scottish footballer, played for Grimsby Town
George Taylor (rugby union) (born 1996), Scottish former rugby union player
Academics
George E. Taylor (historian) (1905–2000), China scholar, University of Washington professor
George Francis Taylor (died 2011), historian and archeologist at the American University of Beirut.
George H. Taylor (meteorologist) (born 1947), former director of the Oregon Climate Service at Oregon State University
George Pritchard Taylor (1854–?), grammarian
George Rogers Taylor (1895–1983), American economic historian of the early republic
George Watson-Taylor (1771–1841), British collector
George W. Taylor (professor) (1901–1972), American academic and labor mediator
Others
George Taylor (artist) (1914–1996), English commercial artist
Sir George Taylor (botanist) (1904–1993), British botanist, from 1956 to 1971 director of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew
George Taylor (gardener) (1803–1891), introduced celery to the United States
George A. Taylor (bishop), American prelate
Tony Taylor (GC) (George Anthony Morgan Taylor, 1917–1972), Australian recipient of the George Cross
George Augustine Taylor (1872–1928), Australian artist and journalist
George Keith Taylor (1769–1815), U.S. federal judge
George Ledwell Taylor (1788–1873), English architect
George Caldwell Taylor (1885–1952), U.S. federal judge
George Taylor (priest) (died 1811), Anglican priest
G. I. Taylor (George Ingram Taylor, 1886–1975), British physicist
George H. Taylor (physician) (1821–1896), American physician and inventor
George Taylor (DC Comics), fictional character in the DC Comics universe, chief editor of the Daily Star
Taylor (Planet of the Apes), Colonel George Taylor, fictional hero of the first two films of the original Planet of the Apes series played by Charlton Heston
See also
Taylor (disambiguation)
List of people with surname Taylor
Can of Worms is a French thrash/death Metal band from Bayonne formed in 2005. The band takes its name from the expression "Opening up a can of worms". Their lyrics mostly deal with Post Apocalypse Sci Fi, with references to movies like Alien, Predator or Terminator. They define their style as nuclear thrash metal.
Influenced by thrash metal bands such as Slayer, Kreator or Exodus, Can of Worms mixes death and thrash metal with two different screaming vocals, Manu performing death growl and Steven performing thrash shouted vocals.
History
Formation
Created in 2005 by Steven Schriver (thrash vocals/lead guitar), Julien Tastet (bass guitar) and Patrick Talgorn (drums) joined the band in 2007, followed by Manu Iriarte (death growls/rhythm guitar) in 2009 to complete the actual line-up.
Recordings
In 2010, they self-released their first EP Thrash or Die in 2011.
The 21 December 2012, presaged the world cataclysm day, the band released their first album World Collapse recorded at the Aturri Studio and signed up with the label Great Dane Records.
In 2015, their released their second album Kult of Nuke, deals with survivors after the world cataclysm day.
Their last album called Nuclear Thrasher released in 2017, mixes their actual style with punk/Post-Hardcore influences.
Touring
The band started to tour since 2009 in France around Bayonne, and soon embarked on the French roads to open for bands such as Soulfly at the I.boat (Bordeaux) or Municipal Waste at l'Atabal (Biarritz).
In 2015, they played in the first edition of the festival Fall of Summer in Paris with bands like Carcass, Venom and Watain.
In 2016, they went on a European tour Nuke Tour 2016, especially sharing the stage with bands like Testament, Equilibrium or Fleshgod Apocalypse at the Dong Open Air in Germany
Discography
Adapted from Spirit of Metal and official website
Studio albums
2012 : World Collapse
2015 : Kult of Nuke
2017 : Nuclear Thrasher
EPs
2011 : Thrash or Die
Members
Current members
Steven Schriver - thrash vocals / lead guitar (2007–present)
Manu Iriarte - death growl / rhythm guitar (2009–present)
Julien Tastet - vocals / bass guitar (2005–present)
Patrick Talgorn - drums (2005–present)
References
2005 establishments in France
French death metal musical groups
French thrash metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 2005
Hong Kong Localism Power (; HKLP), formerly called Hong Kong Nativism Power, was an internet-based localist political organisation formed in March 2011. It advocated the protection of the values and culture of Hong Kong people in the face of the growing influences of mainland China and the influx of mainland immigrants in Hong Kong after the handover of Hong Kong to China in 1997. The group was dissolved in January 2012.
Platform
Members of the organisation participated in a major anti-government rally on 6 March 2011 which received media attention. They opposed a demand from new immigrant support groups for inclusion of non-Hong Kong permanent residents in a government HK$6,000 cash handouts. The participants also called for a revision of immigration policy.
References
2011 establishments in Hong Kong
2012 disestablishments in Hong Kong
Anti-immigration politics in Hong Kong
Defunct political parties in Hong Kong
Localist parties in Hong Kong
The Circle is a 1925 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Frank Borzage. The film stars Eleanor Boardman, Malcolm McGregor, and Alec B. Francis. A young Joan Crawford (whose name was changed that year from Lucille LeSueur through a contest run by the studio) appears in the film's opening scene and later in a photograph viewed by other characters. The screenplay, written by Kenneth B. Clarke, was based on the 1921 play of the same title by W. Somerset Maugham.
The play was filmed again by MGM as an early sound release (also released in a silent version) in 1930 as Strictly Unconventional.
Plot
In the 1890s, young Lady Catherine (Joan Crawford) decides to leave their husband, Lord Clive Cheney (Derek Glynne), and their son Arnold in favor of their lover, "Hughie" Porteous (Frank Braidwood). Thirty years later, young Elizabeth Cheney (Eleanor Boardman) is facing the same choice between their husband, the now grown Arnold (Creighton Hale), and their lover, Teddy Luton (Malcolm McGregor). Before going off with Teddy, however, Elizabeth wants to know how the love match between Catherine and Hughie has worked out, so they have invited them to the house while Arnold's now-aged father, Lord Clive (Alec B. Francis), is away on a hunting trip. Scenes of Catherine and Hughie driving toward the house, with only the backs of their heads visible, are intercut.
The prim and fussy Arnold is nervous about the impending visit, but when Lord Clive returns to the house unexpectedly just before Catherine (Eugenie Besserer) and Hughie (George Fawcett) arrive, the older man does not seem at all upset by their arrival. The former young lovers have not aged well. Catherine is flighty, trying to maintain a façade of youth, and Hugh is fat and cranky. Although the two bicker and complain during their visit, Elizabeth sees that they still have a strong bond of affection after thirty years together, and they vow to seek happiness with Teddy instead of the dull safety of marriage with Arnold.
Arnold (as well as Clive and the house butler) is aware that Elizabeth may elope with Teddy and seeks their father's advice. Clive cautions their son against acting too impetuously. Encountering Elizabeth, Arnold fails to offer a passionate response to their possible departure from their life. When Elizabeth asks Teddy how they would react if another man tried to take them they away, they say that they would blacken one of their eyes and close the other, which convinces them of Teddy's passion as Arnold watches, unseen by the two.
Clive talks with Hughie, believing that they have helped to save Arnold's marriage, unaware that Elizabeth and Teddy have driven away in a chauffeured car. The two try to kiss on the bumpy drive without being watched by the driver, who is wearing a cap and driver's goggles. When the car seems to break down, the chauffeur reveals themselves to be Arnold. They tell Teddy that they will blacken one of their eyes and close the other, and punches their rival. They then forces Elizabeth back in the car and returns to the house. After dinner, Arnold tells Elizabeth that it is time for bed. Outside the bedroom, they loosen their robe and strides in, closing the door. Meanwhile, Clive and Hughie, unaware of all of these developments, simply think that the foolishness of youth has been averted and break down in laughter with each other.
This ending is a distinct change from Maugham's play, which ends with Teddy and Elizabeth happily running off together.
Archival copy and DVD release
A 35mm print of the film survives today at the George Eastman Museum. A DVD of it was released by Warner Home Video.
Cast
Eleanor Boardman as Elizabeth Cheney
Malcolm McGregor as Edward "Teddy" Lutton
Alec B. Francis as Lord Clive Cheney
Eugenie Besserer as Lady Catherine "Kitty" Cheney
George Fawcett as Lord Hugh "Hughie" Porteous
Creighton Hale as Arnold Cheney
Otto Hoffman as Dorker
Eulalie Jensen as Mrs. Alice Shenstone
Buddy Smith as Young Arnold
Joan Crawford as Young Lady Catherine
Frank Braidwood as Young Porteous
Derek Glynne as Young Cheney
References
External links
Paul Joyce, Blog review: "Borzage Directs Boardman . . . The Circle, 1925"
1925 films
1925 comedy-drama films
1925 romantic comedy films
1920s romantic comedy-drama films
American black-and-white films
American films based on plays
American romantic comedy-drama films
American silent feature films
Films about infidelity
Films based on works by W. Somerset Maugham
Films directed by Frank Borzage
Films set in London
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer films
1920s American films
Silent comedy-drama films
Silent romantic comedy films
Silent romantic drama films
Silent American drama films
Silent American comedy films
Zieria distans is a plant in the citrus family Rutaceae and is only found on a few isolated mountains in Queensland. It is a straggly shrub with wiry branches, warty, three-part leaves and clusters of up to about twenty small white flowers, each with four petals and four stamens, in the leaf axils.
Description
Zieria distans is an open, straggly shrub which grows to a height of and has warty, wiry branches with dense, woolly hairs on the youngest branches. The leaves have a petiole long with a central leaflet which is narrow elliptic in shape, long, wide with the other two leaflets about the same size. The upper surface of the leaflets and the raised midvein on the lower surface are warty due to the presence of glands.
The flowers are white and are arranged in groups of between about 12 and 20 in leaf axils on a warty, hairy stalk long, the groups shorter than the leaves. The sepals are warty and about long and the four petals are elliptic in shape, long, wide and covered with star-like hairs. The four stamens are about long. Flowering occurs between May and September and is followed by fruit which is a glabrous capsule, about long and wide.
Taxonomy and naming
Zieria distans was first formally described in 2007 by Marco Duretto and Paul Forster from a specimen collected in the Walla Range near Coalstoun Lakes in Queensland. The description was published in Austrobaileya. The specific epithet (distans) is a Latin word meaning "being apart" or "well separated" and refers to the location of this species on well separated mountain tops and ridges.
Distribution and habitat
This zieria grows in rocky places on mountain tops and ridges in woodland and shrubland in the South East Queensland biogeographic region. There are disjunct populations on the Walla Range, Coongara Rock, Kroombit Tops, Westwood Range and Mount Roberts.
Conservation
Zieria distans is listed as "least concern" under the Queensland Nature Conservation Act 1992.
References
distans
Sapindales of Australia
Flora of Queensland
Taxa named by Marco Duretto
Plants described in 2007
Taxa named by Paul Irwin Forster
Leavenworth County (county code LV) is located in the U.S. state of Kansas and is part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 81,881. Its county seat and most populous city is Leavenworth.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1855, Leavenworth County was established, and is among the first 33 counties, which were formed by the first territorial government. It was named, as was its county seat, after Henry Leavenworth, an officer in the War of 1812.
Leavenworth County had the first Kansas State University extension agent in the State.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.3%) is water. It is the fifth-smallest county in Kansas by total area.
This county's watershed connects with both the Kansas River basin on the south via Stranger Creek and has a Missouri River port city to the east.
Adjacent counties
Platte County, Missouri (north)
Wyandotte County (east)
Johnson County (southeast)
Douglas County (southwest)
Jefferson County (west)
Atchison County (northwest)
Demographics
The county is a part of the Kansas City, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.
As of the U.S. Census in 2000, there were 68,691 people, 23,071 households, and 17,210 families residing in the county. The population density was 148 people per square mile (57/km2). There were 24,401 housing units at an average density of 53 per square mile (20/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 84.2% White, 10.4% Black or African American, 0.7% Native American, 1.1% Asian, 0.1% Pacific Islander, 1.2% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.8% of the population.
There were 23,071 households, out of which 38.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.4% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.4% were non-families. 21.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.15.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.7% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 33.0% from 25 to 44, 22.2% from 45 to 64, and 9.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 113.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 116.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $48,114, and the median income for a family was $55,805. Males had a median income of $40,047 versus $26,029 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,292. About 4.8% of families and 6.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.8% of those under age 18 and 7.5% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
Leavenworth County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
The county voted "No" on the 2022 Kansas Value Them Both Amendment, an anti-abortion ballot measure, by 59% to 41% despite backing Donald Trump with 59% of the vote to Joe Biden's 38% in the 2020 presidential election.
Education
Colleges and universities
United States Army Command and General Staff College
University of Saint Mary
Leavenworth Normal School (closed)
Unified school districts
School districts include:
Basehor–Linwood USD 458
Bonner Springs USD 204
Easton USD 449
Fort Leavenworth USD 207
Jefferson County North USD 339
Kansas City USD
Lansing USD 469
Lawrence USD 497
Leavenworth USD 453
McLouth USD 342
Tonganoxie USD 464
Communities
Cities
Basehor
Bonner Springs (part)
De Soto (part)
Easton
Kansas City (part)
Lansing
Leavenworth
Linwood
Tonganoxie
Unincorporated communities
Coldspur
Fairmount
Fall Leaf
Hoge
Jarbalo
Kickapoo
Lowemont
Maltby
Millwood
Reno
Springdale
Wadsworth
Bonner-Loring, also lies within Wyandotte County (Bonner Springs).
Townships
Leavenworth County is divided into ten townships. The cities of Lansing and Leavenworth are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Notable people
Sean Malto, professional skateboarder
Wayne Simien, professional basketball player
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Leavenworth County, Kansas
Lenape & Christian Munsee
Ernest Fox Nichols - Educator & MIT physicist
Fort Leavenworth (Frontier Army Museum)
Freedom's Frontier, NE Kansas National Heritage Area
Kansas Sampler, shares insights on community character
References
Further reading
History of Leavenworth County Kansas; Jesse Hall and LeRoy Hand; Historical Publishing; 684 pages; 1921.
Standard Atlas of Leavenworth County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 42 pages; 1903.
Atlas Map of Leavenworth County, Kansas; Missouri Publishing Co; 38 pages; 1878.
External links
County
Leavenworth County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Leavenworth County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Kansas counties on the Missouri River
Events in the year 1893 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
30 July – Parliamentary elections were held in the country.
References
1890s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Union Free School is a historic school building located at Downsville in Delaware County, New York, United States. It was built in 1903-1906 and is a large "T" shaped wood-framed building on a raised foundation of concrete and bluestone. The main section of the school is two and one half stories with a hipped roof and features a decorative belfry.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2004.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware County, New York
References
National Register of Historic Places in Delaware County, New York
Defunct schools in New York (state)
School buildings completed in 1903
Buildings and structures in Delaware County, New York
1903 establishments in New York (state)
Karthik Palaniapan Meiyappan (born 8 October 2000) is an Emirati cricketer. In December 2019, they were named in the One Day International (ODI) squad for the 2019 United Arab Emirates Tri-Nation Series. They made their ODI debut for the UAE, against the United States on 8 December 2019. Later the same month, they were named in the UAE's squad for the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. In December 2020, they were one of ten cricketers to be awarded with a year-long part-time contract by the Emirates Cricket Board.
In October 2021, they were named in the UAE's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for the 2021 Summer T20 Bash tournament. They made their T20I debut on 8 October 2021, for the UAE against Ireland.
Personal life
Meiyappan was born in Chennai, India. They grew up in Chennai, Abu Dhabi and Dubai, before their family settled in Dubai permanently in 2012. They attended The Winchester School, Jebel Ali, alongside their UAE teammate Aryan Lakra.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Emirati cricketers
United Arab Emirates One Day International cricketers
United Arab Emirates Twenty20 International cricketers
People from Chennai
Sportspeople from Dubai
Indian emigrants to the United Arab Emirates
Tarnów () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
WAVV (101.1 MHz "Wave 101.1 FM") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Naples Park, Florida. It serves Lee and Collier Counties, including the Fort Myers-Naples radio market. WAVV is owned by Alpine Broadcasting and it airs a soft adult contemporary radio format.
WAVV has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 100,000 watts, the maximum for non-grandfathered stations. The transmitter is off Benton Road in the Rural Estates neighborhood of Naples. WAVV broadcasts using HD Radio technology. The HD2 digital subchannel plays easy listening music and feeds FM translator W300EF at 107.9 MHz in Naples.
History
Early years
In the 1980s, Naples resident Norman Alpert received a construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission to build a new FM station in Southwest Florida. On May 30, 1987, WAVV signed on the air. The station's original city of license was Marco. The studios were on Tamiami Trail East in Naples.
A satellite office was set up in Fort Myers on Colonial Boulevard, later moving to Royal Palm Square, and then to South Tamiami Trail. Around 2008, WAVV changed its city of license, now listed as Naples Park, Florida.
Easy Listening
WAVV's playlist was originally a 50/50 mix of middle of the road vocals and instrumental cover songs. It carries USA Radio News at the beginning of some hours. Weather forecasts come from Fort Myers' NBC Network affiliate, WBBH-TV. On Sunday mornings, WAVV plays smooth jazz, known as the "Sunday Champagne Jazz Brunch." WAVV's website says it has been the most listened-to radio station in Southwest Florida for nearly a quarter century.
WAVV is the only locally owned independent commercial FM radio station in Southwest Florida and was one of the last in the U.S. to broadcast an easy listening format. The station is still owned and operated by the Alpert Family, with Donna Alpert named Chief Financial Officer in the early 2000s.
On June 21, 2022, Alpine Broadcasting sold WAVV to Fort Myers Broadcasting Company for $8 million. The sale was closed in September 2022.
Steaming and HD Radio
Effective March 2, 2009, WAVV ceased streaming live on the internet. Streaming returned in June 2011. WAVV began broadcasting using HD radio technology in May 2008. Effective August 15, 2013, WAVV again ceased streaming, but in 2019 the stream returned.
In May 2016, WAVV began broadcasting a locally programmed Oldies format on its HD2 subchannel, called "The Second Wave."
In December 2019, WAVV changed its slogan to "Modern Relaxing Favorites" and shifted its format to soft adult contemporary. The previous format moved to HD2, replacing Oldies.
In late January 2020, WAVV stopped streaming "The Second Wave" (HD2). The HD2 subchannel returned to live streaming and also began airing on FM translator W300EF at 107.9 MHz by September 2021. They play easy listening music as "Easy 107.9." The playlist is a mix of instrumentals and soft vocals.
References
External links
Official Website
AVV
Soft adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1987
1987 establishments in Florida
Des Dalton is an Irish political activist. They were the president of Republican Sinn Féin (RSF) from 2009 until 2018.
Previously a member of Ógra Fianna Fáil, Dalton later joined RSF and was a candidate for Athy Town Council in 2004. Dalton became president of RSF in 2009, succeeding their close friend Ruairí Ó Brádaigh. Dalton is a leading dissident republican, rejecting the Good Friday Agreement and opposing the Irish peace process. In 2010, Dalton said that the devolution of powers over the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) made no difference to dissident republicans; contended that the PSNI's function was "to uphold British rule"; and warned that Catholics and republicans who joined the PSNI were "putting themselves in the line of fire." In July 2011, Dalton spoke at a demonstration in Lurgan, County Armagh (attended by about 200 people) protesting the imprisonment of Martin Corey. The demonstration was peaceful, but illegal because it had not been approved by the Parades Commission. Dalton was subsequently arrested and charged. As president of the Continuity IRA-aligned RSF, Dalton rejected an overture from the mainstream Sinn Féin for peace talks and Irish republican unity, saying, "Our position is that they are now an integral part of the machinery of British rule in Ireland and that consequently as Irish republicans we have nothing to say to them.
Dalton stepped down as RSF's president in 2018, but remained a member of the party's national executive. In March 2021, Dalton denounced violence as counterproductive, saying that violent acts (such as the 2019 accidental killing of journalist Lyra McKee) turned the people against the cause of Irish republicanism. Dalton defended the legitimacy of "armed struggle" in principle, but expressed a personal view that a suspension of violence by the Continuity IRA, New IRA, and other factions would best promote dialogue toward Irish reunification and take advantage of "major opportunities opening up" in the wake of Brexit. Dalton pointed to previous IRA ceasefires in 1923 and 1962 as precedent for their stance. Dalton criticized the dissident Irish republican campaign as a series of "sporadic actions" rather than a true armed campaign, saying that it was morally unjustifiable and unhelpful politically. After expressing support for a ceasefire, Dalton was suspended from RSF; Dalton refused to accept the suspension, and instead resigned from RSF.
Dalton lives in County Kildare.
References
Irish republicans
Living people
Republican Sinn Féin members
Year of birth missing (living people)
Dhrangadhra State was a princely state during the British Raj. The town of Dhrangadhra served as its capital. It was also known as Halvad-Dhrangadhra State. Halvad once had been the capital of this state. In 1735, Dhrangadhra was founded as its new capital.
History
The state was founded as Jhalawad in 1090 by rajput ruler Harpal Dev Makwana. The jhala rajput fought several battles against muslim invaders and defend their kingdom most famous battle of jhala rajput was battle of gadarghatta in 1178 jhaleswar raj durjanshalji defeat Mohamad ghuri and accept the surrender of muslim forces and Ghori. In 1742 Dhrangadhra, a new capital, was founded and the state was renamed after it. Among the earlier names were Kuwa and Halwad; the state is still sometimes styled Halwad(-Dhrangadhra). .
Under the British Raj, the colonial Eastern Kathiawar Agency was in charge of Dhrangadhra, which was a salute state entitled to a Hereditary salute of 13-guns.
The state had a population of 100,000 in 1892 on 3,023 Square Kilometers km2. The privy purse was fixed at 380,000 Rupees when it ceased to exist by accession to recently independent India's western state Saurashtra (now in Gujarat) on 15 February 1948.
Rulers
Raj Sahibs of Dhrangadhra
Raisinhji II Pratapsinhji,
Gajsinhji II Raisinhji, Raj Sahib of Dhrangadhra 1744?45 - death 1782,
Jashwantsinhji II Gajsinhji, born 17.. firstborn of the above, 38th Raja 1782 - death 1801;
Raniji Jijibai Kunverba - 1758 - 1782
Raisinhji III Jashwantsinhji, born 1761 son of the above, 39th Raja 1801 - death 1804
Amarsinhji II Raisinhji, born 1782 firstborn of the above, 40th Raj Sahib 1804 - death 9 April 1843
Ranmalsinhji Amarsinhji, Raj Sahib 9 April 1843 – death 16 October 1869,
Mansinhji II Ranmalsinhji, born 1837, Raja 16 Oct 1869 - 2 Dec 1900 (from 1 Jan 1877)
2 Dec 1900 - 8 Feb 1911 Ajitsinhji Jashwantsinhji,
8 Feb 1911 - 1 Jan 1918 Ganshyamsinhji Ajitsinhji (b. 1889 - d. 1942)
Maharaja Shri Raj Sahibs of Dhrangadhra
1 Jan 1918 - 4 Feb 1942 Sir Ganshyamsinhji Ajitsinhji (s.a.)
4 Feb 1942 – 15 August 1947 Mayurdhwajsinhji Meghrajji III (b. 1923 - d. 2010)
See also
Jhalawar State
References
Princely states of Gujarat
Rajput princely states
Kathiawar Agency
Surendranagar district
Rajputs
1742 establishments in India
1948 disestablishments in India
