Hung Yan-yan (born 25 February 1965, also credited as 熊欣欣 or Xiong Xin Xin) is a Hong Kong martial artist, actor, stuntman and action director originally from Liuzhou, Guangxi, China. They were the stunt double for martial arts superstar Jet Li.
Early life
Hung was born in Liuzhou, Guangxi, China in 1965. They were placed in a martial arts school at age 12 after they were taken away from school. Hung trained for 12 years and won multiple championships.
Film career
After training, they went to Hong Kong and was discovered by famous filmmaker Lau Kar-leung, who was at that time filming Martial Arts of Shaolin starring Jet Li, and hired Hung as Li's stunt double. They then moved to Hong Kong in 1988. There, Hung became a stuntman, later an actor and action director. They had small roles as an actor.
Later, Hung was Jet Li's stunt double in Once Upon a Time in China. Some of the action scenes were too dangerous for Li because of an ankle injury. Hung was then Li's stunt double again in the sequel, Once Upon a Time in China II. They were also featured a role as the leader of the White Lotus Sect, Kau-kung "Priest" Gao.
They featured in Once Upon a Time in China III as Kwai Geuk-Chat known as "Clubfoot Seven" Chiu-Tsat. They were so nicknamed due to their disability, being the seventh member of wealthy rival martial artist, Chiu Tin-bak's gang. A fighting enforcer, they fight Wong Fei-hung (Li), loses and is terribly injured after Leung Foon (Max Mok) accidentally releases a stampede of horses from a stable. Clubfoot Seven is then kicked out and abandoned by their former master, Chiu Tin-bak when they called their student Clubfoot a "useless cripple", and becomes discipled to Wong instead. Despite their clubfoot, they showcase their skills which includes their electrifying acrobats and moves. Hung reprised their role as Clubfoot in the next two sequels which do not feature Li, instead it featured Vincent Zhao, who was much younger than Li and more physical so Hung was not much featured as a stunt double. They reprised their role again in the Once Upon a Time in China TV series and in Once Upon a Time in China and America which again features Jet Li and is the last of the Once Upon a Time in China series.
They were the main villain, Prince Twelve, in Yuen Wo Ping's Hero Among Heroes starring Donnie Yen. Their role was first a friend of Yen's character, who turns them into a drug addict and later betrays him.
Hung also followed Tsui Hark to Hollywood in 1998, making a brief performance in Double Team.
After working briefly in Hollywood, they returned to Hong Kong. Hung was action director in Chin Siu-tung's Blacksheep Affair and again in Tsui Hark's 2000 film, Time and Tide starring Nicholas Tse.
They later returned to Hollywood as stunt choreographer for The Musketeer.
Personal life
Hung is married to Carrie Choi, a former actor, and they have one child. They learned English by reading books.
Filmography
Actor
Shaolin Temple (1982) – Shaolin student
Kids From Shaolin (1984) – Shaolin student
Martial Arts of Shaolin (1986) – Shaolin student
Tiger on the Beat (1988) – extra/stuntman
City Cops (1989) – Shikamuka's thug
Ghost Ballroom (1989) – Mr Lo's thug
Aces Go Places V (1989) – Thai horse rider
God of Gamblers (1989) – Shing's man
Stage Door Johnny (1990) – troublemaker at restaurant
Tiger on the Beat 2 (1990)
Skinny Tiger and Fatty Dragon (1990) – Robber
Bullet for Hire (1991) – extra
Lee Rock II (1991) – Shrimp Head / Lu
Once Upon a Time in China (1991) – Shaho gang member
Once Upon a Time in China II (1992) – Kau-kung (Priest Gao)
Royal Tramp (1992) – flag holder
The Musical Vampire (1992)
Forced Nightmare (1992)
New Dragon Gate Inn (1992)
Once Upon a Time in China III (1993) – Kwai Geuk-Chat (Clubfoot Seven Chiu-Tsat)
Hero Among Heroes (1993) – Prince Barac of Twelve
Millionaire Cop (1993) – Robber
Once Upon a Time in China IV (1993) – Kwai Geuk-Chat (Clubfoot Seven Chiu-Tsat)
To Live and Die in Tsimshatsui (1994) – Bald rascal
The Other Side of the Sea (1994)
Once Upon a Time in China V (1994) – Kwai Geuk-Chat (Clubfoot Seven Chiu-Tsat)
Wonder Seven (1994) – Shaolin Monk
The Chinese Feast (1995) – Chef Wong Wing
The Blade (1995) – Fei Lung / Flying Dragon (Falcon)
The Little Drunken Masters (1995)
Fist of Fury (1995)
Wong Fei Hung Series (1996) – Kwai Geuk-Chat (Clubfoot Seven Chiu-Tsat)
Tristar (1996) – Loanshark Tai
Black Mask (1996) – Jimmy
Once Upon a Time in China and America (1997) – Kwai Geuk-Chat (Clubfoot Seven Chiu-Tsat)
Double Team (1997) - Stavros' Man in hotel
Till Death Do Us Part (1998)- Bill
The Blacksheep Affair (1998) – Captain Kiang
Star Runner (2003) – Spectator irritating Prof. Cheung
In the Blue (2006)
Playboy Cops (2008) – Scorpion Yong
The Butterfly Lovers (2008) – Martial Arts Teacher
Coweb (2009) – Brief Appearance, Club Manager
Vampire Warriors (2010)
Bad Blood (2010) – Kong
Shaolin (2011) – Sou Xiang Tu
All Men Are Brothers (2011) – Luan Tingyu
The Woman Knight of Mirror Lake (2011)
Tai Chi 0 (2012)
Tai Chi Hero (2012)
Glory Days (2012)
Ip Man: The Final Fight (2013)
The Master (2015)
Trivisa (2016)
The Hidden Sword (2017)
Our Time Will Come (2017)
Fate Crisis (2018)
Kung Fu League (2018)
Swordsman Nice Kung Fu (2019)
Assassins and the Missing Gold (2019)
Stuntman
Once Upon a Time in China III (1993)
Once Upon a Time in China (1992)
Once Upon a Time in China (1991)
Tiger Cage 2 (1990)
Tiger On The Beat 2 (1990)
City Cops (1989)
Tiger On The Beat (1988)
Yellow River Fighter (1988)
Action director
Tiger on the Beat 2 (1990)
Skinny Tiger, Fatty Dragon (1990)
Wonder Seven (1994)
Tristar (1996)
...Till Death Do Us Part (1998)
Time and Tide (2000)
Reunion (2002)
Seven Swords (2005)
In the Blue (2006)
Coweb (2009)
Assistant action director
Aces Go Places V (1989)
Once Upon a Time in China (1991)
Dragon Inn (1992)
Once Upon a Time in China IV (1993)
Once Upon a Time in China and America (1997)
The Blacksheep Affair (1998)
Director
Coweb (2009)
Executive producer
Into the Blue (2006)
References
External links
Hung Yan-yan at Hong Kong Cinemagic
Hung Yan-yan at HKMDB
1965 births
Hong Kong kung fu practitioners
20th-century Hong Kong male actors
21st-century Hong Kong male actors
Hong Kong male film actors
Living people
Hong Kong stunt performers
Sportspeople from Guangxi
Male actors from Guangxi
Film directors from Guangxi
Asian film producers
Hong Kong film directors
John Samuel Margolies (May 16, 1940 – May 26, 2016) was an architectural critic, photographer, and author who was noted for celebrating vernacular and novelty architecture in the United States, particularly those designed as roadside attractions. Starting from the mid-1970s, they began to photograph sites during long road trips, since they were concerned these sites would be displaced by the growing modernist trend. They were credited with shaping postmodern architecture and recognizing buildings that would be added to the National Register of Historic Places through their documentary work. Starting in 2007, the Library of Congress began to acquire their photographs, and created the public domain John Margolies Roadside America Photograph Archive in 2016, consisting of 11,710 scans of color slides taken by Margolies.
Early life
John Samuel Margolies was born on May 16, 1940 in New Canaan, Connecticut, the son of Asher and Ethel (née Polacheck). During childhood road trips, they would beg their parents to stop at roadside attractions, but they refused, believing it to be "the ugliest stuff in the world." Margolies studied at the University of Pennsylvania, earning a bachelor's degree in art history and journalism, and a master's degree in communications.
Career
In Andy Warhol's 1965 film Camp, Margolies makes a cameo appearance as Mar-Mar (the guy with the yo-yo). In the early part of their career, Margolies promoted Warhol's work, which included an essay in Art in America to support Underground Sundae (1968).
After graduating, Margolies took a job at Architectural Record and worked as the program director of the Architectural League of New York, where they organized the Environment postmodern exhibition series. Their final exhibit for the Architectural League was a solo show featuring the work of Morris Lapidus, which opened in October 1970 under the title "Architecture of Joy". Lapidus was famed for designing the Eden Roc hotel in Miami Beach, Florida, and the exhibition horrified Margolies's peers. Margolies had Muzak playing in the background during the show to match the atmosphere within the hotel lobbies designed by Lapidus. By that time, Margolies had left New York for Santa Monica, where he, Billy Adler, and Ilene Segalove set up the collective Telethon to document what they called "the television environment"; Margolies took a parting shot at New York in 1971, describing it as "that black hole of Calcutta" in a review of Reyner Banham's Los Angeles: The Architecture of Four Ecologies for Architectural Forum.
Margolies began to photograph novelty architecture in 1972, concerned that these sights were starting to disappear. In 1973, they published an article lauding the Madonna Inn, built by a couple with no formal design experience, in Progressive Architecture. Margolies was funded through grants and fellowships through the National Endowment for the Arts, the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, the Alicia Patterson Foundation, and architect Philip Johnson.
Margolies exhibited their photographs at the Hudson River Museum in 1981, a show described by critic Paul Goldberger as "pure joy" and "an articulate plea against the homogenization of the American landscape." That year, Margolies also published their first book of photographs, entitled The End of the Road, referring to the vanishing roadside architecture of the United States. The Library of Congress credits Margolies with shaping the postmodernist movement, and digitized their work in 2016, making it available as public domain.
The photographs distinctively omit people and are taken in full sunlight with clear skies, a deliberate choice to reduce visual distraction. Margolies used slow slide film (likely Kodachrome) with a 50mm "normal" lens.
Other interests
Margolies was also a noted collector of postcards, maps, and other travel ephemera.
Gallery
Bibliography
References
External links
American photographers
1940 births
2016 deaths
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Deltiologists
Attavar Balakrishna Shetty (1883–1960) better known as A. B. Shetty was an Indian politician, philanthropist, entrepreneur and the founder of Vijaya Bank.
Biography
Shetty was born in a Tulu-speaking family of landlords to Mulki Kalappa Shetty (Father) and Attavar Unhakke (Mother). They completed their early education in Mangalore. Realising the need for dissemination of news and information about world affairs among people in the South Canara district, they started a weekly Kannada language publication, called "Navayuga", which was edited in its early years by K. K. Shetty and later by K. Honnayya Shetty. This was very popular for more than 40 years. In addition Shetty was also the pioneer behind Canara Printing Press, a printing press in Mangalore.
Shetty established Vijaya Bank in 1931 at Bunts Hostel in Mangalore. The bank did well, providing job opportunities for thousands of youths and also providing banking service to lakhs of people all over the country. Vijaya Bank is today one of the foremost nationalised banks of India. Deeply secular and progressive in outlook, Shetty was interested in the activities of the Theosophical Society, the Brahmo Samaj, the Arya Samaj, the Depressed Classes Mission, etc., all of which were engaged in the uplift of neglected sections of society. They also served as Minister in the Madras Presidency and later in Madras State, holding various portfolios such as agriculture and veterinary, medical and public health, cooperation, housing and ex-servicemen between the years 1949-1956 until quitting the Ministry on 1 March 1956 following the States Reorganisation Act of 1956.
They married Kalyani Shetty. They had four children: two sons and two daughters. They died in 1960 at the age of 77 and is commemorated by the A.B.Shetty Memorial Institute of Dental Sciences, Deralakatte, Mangalore.
References
1883 births
1960 deaths
Mangaloreans
Karnataka local politicians
Indian bankers
People from Dakshina Kannada district
Karnataka politicians
20th-century Indian philanthropists
Indian founders
Madras MLAs 1952–1957
Indian National Congress politicians from Karnataka
Long County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. The county seat is Ludowici. Long County is part of the Hinesville-Fort Stewart Metropolitan Statistical Area. The constitutional amendment to create the county was proposed August 14, 1920, and ratified November 2, 1920. The county is named after Crawford Long (1815–1878), American surgeon and pharmacist, first to use diethyl ether as an anaesthetic.
As of the 2010 census, the population was 14,464. With a per-capita income of $22,599, Long County is #10 on the list of lowest-income counties in the United States.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.9%) is water.
The majority of Long County, roughly centered on Ludowici, is located in the Altamaha River sub-basin of the basin by the same name. The county's northeastern portion, east of Glennville and northwest of Walthourville, is located in the Canoochee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin. Long County's southeastern portion is located in the Ogeechee Coastal sub-basin of the larger Ogeechee basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 25
U.S. Route 84
U.S. Route 301
State Route 23
State Route 38
State Route 57
State Route 144
State Route 196
Adjacent counties
Liberty County (northeast)
McIntosh County (southeast)
Wayne County (southwest)
Tattnall County (northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,304 people, 3,574 households, and 2,676 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,232 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 68.41% White, 24.25% Black or African American, 0.73% Native American, 0.57% Asian, 0.25% Pacific Islander, 3.91% from other races, and 1.87% from two or more races. 8.44% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,574 households, out of which 45.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.00% were married couples living together, 14.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.10% were non-families. 19.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.28.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 33.10% under the age of 18, 14.20% from 18 to 24, 31.00% from 25 to 44, 15.90% from 45 to 64, and 5.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 26 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 100.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,640, and the median income for a family was $32,473. Males had a median income of $26,416 versus $18,732 for females. The per capita income for the county was $12,586. About 17.60% of families and 19.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.00% of those under age 18 and 19.80% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 14,464 people, 5,023 households, and 3,654 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 6,039 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 62.4% white, 25.2% black or African American, 0.8% Asian, 0.6% American Indian, 0.4% Pacific islander, 7.2% from other races, and 3.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 12.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 12.1% were German, 10.6% were Irish, 8.3% were American, and 7.1% were English.
Of the 5,023 households, 44.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.8% were married couples living together, 18.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 27.3% were non-families, and 22.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.81 and the average family size was 3.28. The median age was 30.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $41,186 and the median income for a family was $46,654. Males had a median income of $30,921 versus $25,675 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,068. About 11.6% of families and 15.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.6% of those under age 18 and 20.0% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 16,168 people, 5,695 households, and 4,146 families residing in the county.
Communities
Aimar
Beards Creek
Donald
Ludowici (county seat)
Tibet
Education
Long County School System operates public schools for grades K-12 in the county, except parts in Fort Stewart. Fort Stewart has the Department of Defense Education Activity (DoDEA) as its local school district, for the elementary level. Students at the secondary level on Fort Stewart attend public schools operated by county school districts.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Long County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1920 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1920
Hinesville metropolitan area
The Museum of Liverpool in Liverpool, England, tells the story of Liverpool and its people, and reflects the city's global significance. It opened 2011 as newest addition to the National Museums Liverpool group replacing the former Museum of Liverpool Life. The museum is housed in a new purpose-built building on the Mann Island site at the Pier Head.
History
The museum, which was designed by architects 3XN and engineers Buro Happold and built by Galliford Try at cost of £72 million, provides 8,000 square metres of exhibition space, housing more than 6,000 objects. It has flexible spaces that regularly change to enable National Museums Liverpool to show more of their collections. It was opened to the public on 19 June 2011.
in January and February 2017, the museum was closed for two months for essential works .
From December 10-12, 2021, the museum hosted the G7 summit of foreign ministers.
Core themes
The Museum displays are divided into four main themes: The Great Port, Global City, People's Republic, and Wondrous Place, located in four large gallery spaces. On the ground floor, displays look at the city's urban and technological evolution, both local and national, including the Industrial Revolution and the changes in the British Empire, and how these changes have impacted the city's economic development. The upper floor looks at Liverpool's particular and strong identity through examining the social history of the city, from settlement in the area from Neolithic times to the present day, migration, and the various communities and cultures which contribute to the city's diversity.
The Museum also features: Little Liverpool, a gallery for children under six; History Detectives, an interactive archaeology and history resource centre; a 180-seat theatre for community and audio-visual performances and meeting facilities. It also has a gallery called "City Soldiers" which tells the story of the King's Regiment.
In February 2007, while the museum was under construction, steam locomotive Lion, star of the film The Titfield Thunderbolt, was moved by road from Manchester where it had been on loan, to Liverpool and eventually placed in the new museum.
Exhibitions
Exhibits from the entirety of National Museums Liverpool's collections are used for the Museum of Liverpool's displays. They tell the story of the city through items from collections of costume and decorative art, entomological and botanical collections and objects representing social and urban history, as well as oral testimonies, archaeological material and photographic archives.
From September to November 2012 the museum staged the Liverpool Love exhibition, in which well known personalities such as Yoko Ono, Sir Peter Blake and Noel Fielding celebrated the city of Liverpool.
References
External links
Museum of Liverpool
National Museums Liverpool
Museums established in 2011
National Museums Liverpool
History museums in Merseyside
Art museums and galleries in Merseyside
Local museums in Merseyside
Museums in Liverpool
Museum of Liverpool
The K'o-sa () is an ancient Uyghur tribe mentioned by ancient Chinese texts. D.M. Dunlop believed that they were connected with the Khazars, and thus postulated a Uyghur, rather than Hunnish origin for that people. The K'o-sa, who belonged to a Tujue tribe, were first mentioned under Du Huan's accounts on Tongdian as possessing the areas north of Syria and the Byzantine Empire. They existed under a variant name in Suishu and formed part of the Tiele confederation whose presence was around or close to the Caspian Sea.
See also
Tele
Uyghur
Khazars
References
Douglas M. Dunlop, The History of the Jewish Khazars, Princeton, N.J.: Princeton University Press, 1954.
Ko-sa
Turkic peoples of Asia
Dorianne Theuma (born 17 May 1984) is a Maltese football midfielder playing for Swieqi.
Honours
Mosta FC
Runners-up
Maltese First Division: 2011–12, 2012–13
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Maltese women's footballers
Malta women's international footballers
Women's association football midfielders
FIFA Century Club
Hamza Ben Driss Ottmani (10 May 1940 – 30 May 2012) was a Moroccan engineer, economist and writer.
Biography
Aerospace engineer graduate from École nationale de l'aviation civile (the French civil aviation university ; promotion 1963) and economist graduate from ENSAE ParisTech (promotion 1973), Ottmani held senior official positions in the Moroccan public administration, particularly in the Departments of Public Works and Transportation. They were Transportation Planning Director for a long period, before becoming Secretary General of the Ministry of Transports. They were also a founding member of the «association pour la sauvegarde, le développement et la promotion de la ville d'Essaouira » ("association for the safeguarding, the development and the promotion of Essaouira city").
Writing
Ottmani's literary work is largely focused on their hometown, Essaouira, which they often referred to by its former name Mogador.
Their first book, "Une cité sous les alizés" ("a city under the trade winds"), is a historical study of Mogador-Essaouira from prehistory to the World War II. Then they turned to fiction, but retaining a strong historical basis.
In "Si Mogador m'était contée" ("if Mogador could talk"), the old narrator, Lalla Aïcha, revives twenty stories from the ignored past of the city. "Le Soldat qui venait de Mogador" ("The soldier who came from Mogador") tells the story of the trip to Mecca of Si Taieb El Ech Chiadmi Maskali, since 1912 ; the young man spent nearly twelve years in Libya and is involved in guerrilla warfare by the Senussi against the Italian colonization.
"Le Fils du Soleil" ("Son of the Sun") is a historical novel which tells the amazing story of Mustapha Zemmouri, better known under the name Estevanico, Moroccan from Azemmour region, slave kidnapped by a Spanish man to America and became one of the first discoverers of Arizona and New Mexico.
Awards
Ottmani was awarded the " Société de Géographie humaine de Paris" ("humain geography society of Paris) with the " prix René-Caillié" ("René-Caillié award") in 1997. Their book "Le Fils du Soleil" ("Son of the Sun") received the "Prix du Maroc du livre" ("Morocco book award") in 2006 in the creative writing category. Hamza Ottmani présente son récit Their biography of Si Kaddour Benghabrit was selected for the "Prix Grand Atlas" in 2011.
Bibliography
Hamza Ben Driss Ottmani, Une cité sous les alizés : Mogador des origines à 1939, Éditions La Porte, 1997, 356 p. ()
Hamza Ben Driss Ottmani, Le Fils du soleil : l'Odyssée d'Estevanico de Azemor, Éditions La Porte, 2006, 316 p. ()
« Le Soldat qui venait de Mogador » (Ed. La Porte).
« Si Mogador était contée » (Ed. Eddif).
« Kaddour Benghabrit : Un Maghrébin hors du commun'' » (Ed. Marsam).
Hamza Ben Driss Ottmani's obituary
References
1940 births
2012 deaths
École nationale de l'aviation civile alumni
Moroccan economists
Moroccan writers in French
Aerospace engineers
People from Essaouira
Moroccan engineers
Journal of Positive Behavior Interventions is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Education. The journal's editors are Lee Kern (Lehigh University) and Kathleen Lane (University of Kansas). It has been in publication since 1999 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with The Hammill Institute on Disabilities.
Scope
Journal of Positive Behavioral Interventions focuses on research-based principles of positive behavior support for use in school, home and community settings for people with challenges in behavioral adaptation. The journal publishes articles of empirical research, discussion and literature reviews and also provides a forum for the debate and discussion of research and findings.
Abstracting and indexing
Journal of Positive Behavioral Interventions is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, PsycINFO, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017impact factor is 2.41, ranking it 2 out of 40 journals in the category ‘Education, Special' and 45 out of 127 journals in the category ‘Psychology, Clinical'.
References
External links
Hammill Institute
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Adı Bende Saklı is the 15th studio album recorded by Turkish singer, songwriter and producer Sezen Aksu. It was released on December 20, 1998, through Universal Music. The album was produced by Levent Semerci.
Background
The title track of the album is the eighth song, "Adı Bende Saklı". It is composed by the Greek composer Yannis Karalis'. The original composition is called "ECLIPSE (instrumental from album ODYSSEY - international release – July 1997)". The Turkish lyrics were written by Sezen Aksu and late Meral Okay, one of their best and longest lasting friends. The song has been the topic of many controversies. Sezen Aksu's version of the song is the original music of "ECLIPSE" in its entirety which was copied without Yannis Karalis consent or FM RECORDS's legal consent (authorization) the second being the owner of the master recording. As soon as the original composer was informed about the violation of their copy-rights, they filed a lawsuit and the Court ruled against the infringers who appealed this case.
The lawsuit is still on-going to the Supreme Court.
Three songs from the album had videos: "Tutuklu", "Adı Bende Saklı" and "Ruhuma Asla". The album received critical acclaim by many and is also seen as a benchmark 1990s Turkish pop music album.
Track listing
"Ud Taksimi" (0:57)
"Tutuklu" (4:25) (lyrics – music: Sezen Aksu, arrangement: Kıvanç K.)
"Kaderim" (4:06)(lyrics – music: Sezen Aksu, arrangement: Kıvanç K.)
"Hazan" (5:41) (lyrics – music: Sezen Aksu, arrangement: Aykut Gürel)
"Erkek Güzeli" (4:06) (lyrics – music: Sezen Aksu, arrangement: Murat Yeter)
"Kusura Bakma" (1976) (4:16) (lyrics – music: Sezen Aksu, arrangement: Murat Yeter)
"Ruhuma Asla" (4:58) (lyrics – music: Sezen Aksu)
"Adı Bende Saklı" (3:46) (lyrics: Meral Okay, Sezen Aksu, music: Yannis Karalis)
"Ben Sevdalı Sen Belalı" (5:26) (lyrics – music: Selami Şahin, arrangement: Garo Mafyan)
"Şimal Yıldızı" (5:12) (lyrics: Sezen Aksu, Meral Okay, music: Sezen Aksu, arrangement: Aşkın Arsunan)
"Yola Çıkmalı" (4:09) (lyrics – music: Sezen Aksu, arrangement: Aykut Gürel)
"İnce Mevzu" (4:17) (lyrics: Mustafa Sandal, Sezen Aksu, music – arrangement: Mustafa Sandal)
"Denge" (4:59) (lyrics: Turgut Uyar, music: Sezen Aksu, Aykut Gürel, arrangement: Aykut Gürel)
"Adı Menekşe" (4:53) (lyrics: Meral Okay, Sezen Aksu, music: Sezen Aksu, Aşkın Arsunan, arrangement: Kıvanç K.), CD Bonus
"Ruhuma Asla" (5:06) (lyrics – music: Sezen Aksu), CD Bonus
References
External links
SezenAksu.com.tr
1998 albums
Sezen Aksu albums
Tadas Vyskupaitis (born 16 December 1974) is a Lithuanian curler and curling coach.
They started curling in 2008.
Currently they work for Lithuanian Curling Association as a Project Coordinator of 2022 European Curling Championships C-Division tournament in Vilnius at May 2022.
Teams
Man 's
Mixed doubles
Record as a coach of national teams
References
External links
Tadas Vyskupaitis - Rekvizitai.lt
Tadas Vyskupaitis #128228 | Professional Disc Golf Association
Living people
1974 births
Lithuanian male curlers
Lithuanian curling coaches
Place of birth missing (living people)
Venetian music may refer to:
Music of Venice
Music of Veneto
Văsieni is a village in Ialoveni District, Moldova.
References
Villages of Ialoveni District
Kishinyovsky Uyezd
The Royal Assent Act 1967 (c. 23) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that amends the law relating to the signification of royal assent to allow laws from the Parliament of the United Kingdom to be enacted though the pronunciation and notification of both Houses of Parliament, and repeals the Royal Assent by Commission Act 1541. It received royal assent on 10 May 1967.
The Act does not apply to the royal assent of any legislation that is and has been passed by the Scottish Parliament, Welsh Parliament or the Northern Ireland Assembly (nor its predecessor the Northern Ireland Parliament which did exist at the time the Act was passed) since the establishment of devolution.
Nothing in the Royal Assent Act 1967 affects the power of the monarch to signify their royal assent in person in the House of Lords. Queen Victoria was the last Sovereign to do so in 1854.
References
External links
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1967
William A. "Pat" Patterson (October, 1899 — June 13, 1980) was the President of United Airlines from 1934 until 1966.
Life and career
Patterson was born on a sugarcane plantation in Waipahu on Oahu, Hawaii. When Patterson was 13, their widowed mother moved to San Francisco, California, while they remained at Honolulu Military Academy. Not liking the academy, they decided to leave. They persuaded a captain to allow them to work on their ship in exchange for passage to San Francisco.
Instead of finishing high school in San Francisco, Patterson became an office worker at Wells Fargo bank, though they later attended night school. They became a teller and later a loan officer.
As a loan officer, they authorized a loan to Pacific Air Transport and became an advisor to its founder and president Vern Gorst. When Gorst sold their airline to Boeing Air Transport, the advice that Gorst was receiving from Patterson brought the latter to the attention of Philip G. Johnson of Boeing.
Patterson was recruited by Johnson, leaving Wells Fargo in 1929, and moving to Seattle, Washington, to be the assistant to the president of Boeing Airplane Company and Boeing Air Transport. In 1931 Boeing Air Transport was one of four airlines that merged into United Air Lines and Patterson moved to Chicago to become United's general manager.
Two years later, Patterson was promoted to vice president of United. In 1934, in reaction to the Air Mail scandal and the departure of Johnson, Patterson became the company's president at the age of 34.
Patterson is credited with starting the profession of flight attendant. They gave their approval to hire eight nurses to work as flight attendants on a three-month trial basis. On May 15, 1930, United became the first airline to use flight attendants, a practice that has since been adopted by every major airline. Patterson's daughter, Patty, briefly worked for American Airlines as a flight attendant before their marriage rendered them ineligible. Patterson and C. R. Smith, the CEO of American, shared a friendly rivalry.
Under Patterson, United invested in new technologies, such as the DC-4 and the DC-8 a pioneering jet, and purchased Capital Airlines in 1961 to become the United States' largest airline, a title it would hold for nearly 40 years. In 1963, when Patterson became United's CEO and chairperson of the board, the airline had more than 30,000 employees.
They were a life trustee of Northwestern University, and helped establish the Northwestern University Transportation Center in 1954. Patterson received the Tony Jannus Award in 1968 for their distinguished contributions to commercial aviation.
Patterson was inducted into the Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 1980.
Near the end of their life, they were honored with the creation of the William A. Patterson Distinguished Chair in Transportation through the gifts of more than 12,000 individual and corporate donors. After their death in 1980, the Patterson Endowment established an annual Patterson Lecture and provided other research support.
In 2006, Patterson was inducted into the International Air & Space Hall of Fame at the San Diego Air & Space Museum.
See also
United Airlines
References
External links
1899 births
1980 deaths
United Airlines people
People from Hawaii
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masakazu Ooi. It was serialized in Shueisha's seinen manga magazine Grand Jump from August 2015 to January 2018, with an epilogue chapter published in Grand Jump Premium.
Publication
Written and illustrated by Masakazu Ooi, Ashitaba-san Chi no Muko Kurashi was serialized in Shueisha's seinen manga magazine Grand Jump from August 5, 2015, to January 4, 2018. An epilogue chapter was published in Grand Jump Premium on February 27, 2018. Shueisha collected its chapters in seven tankōbon volumes, released from January 19, 2016, to April 19, 2018.
Volume list
See also
Oku-san, another manga series by the same author
References
External links
Comedy anime and manga
Marriage in anime and manga
Seinen manga
Shueisha manga
The Window of the World is a theme park located in Changsha, Hunan, China. It has about 50 reproductions of some of the most famous tourist attractions in the world squeezed into 40 hectares.
History
The Window of the World was founded in 1997 by Hunan Dianguang Media co., LTD, Overseas Chinese Town Limited and China Travel Service (Hong Kong). As at 30 June 2016 Overseas Chinese Town Limited owned 25% stake.
List of major attractions in the Window of the World
Entertainment facilities
Roller coaster
Bungee jump
Ferris wheel
Fairground ride apparatus
bumper boat
The peacock garden
The cinema
Acrobatic performance
Western theatre
Western-style buildings
Water entertainment facilities
See also
List of amusement parks in Asia
References
External links
Tourist attractions in Changsha
Buildings and structures in Changsha
Kahn-e Mur () may refer to:
Kahn-e Mur, Sirjan
The aortic hiatus is a hole in the diaphragm. It is the lowest and most posterior of the large apertures.
It is located approximately at the level of the twelfth thoracic vertebra (T12).
Structure
Strictly speaking, it is not an aperture in the diaphragm but an osseoaponeurotic opening between it and the vertebral column, and therefore behind the diaphragm (meaning that diaphragmatic contractions do not directly influence the aorta or aortic supply).
Occasionally some tendinous fibers prolonged across the bodies of the vertebræ from the medial parts of the inferior ends of the crura pass posterior to the aorta, and thus convert the hiatus into a fibrous ring.
The hiatus is situated slightly to the left of the mid line, and is bound anteriorly by the crura, and posteriorly by the body of the first lumbar vertebra.
Structures passing through
The structures that pass through the aortic hiatus are the aorta, the azygous vein and the thoracic duct.
Additional images
External links
- "Major Openings in the Diaphragm"
Thoracic diaphragm
The Rangitaiki River is the longest river in the Bay of Plenty region in New Zealand's North Island. It is long, and rises inland from northern Hawkes Bay to the east of the Kaingaroa Forest.
The Rangitaiki catchment covers an area of 3005 km.
It flows in a generally northeastward direction, passing through the town of Murupara and skirting close to the western edge of Te Urewera National Park before turning northwards, flowing past Edgecumbe and into the Bay of Plenty close to Thornton.
There are two human-made lakes on the Rangitaiki formed by hydro-electric dams, Lake Āniwaniwa (formerly Lake Aniwhenua). and Lake Matahina.
History
In April 2017, remnants of Cyclone Debbie caused heavy rainfall in the region. At 8:30 am on April 6, water from the Rangitaiki River breached the College Road floodwall at Edgecumbe, causing widespread flooding across the township. A state of emergency was declared for the Whakatane District, and around 2,000 people were evacuated to Kawerau and Whakatane.
More than 300 homes were damaged, with some becoming uninhabitable.
A review of the flood was undertaken by a panel consisting of Sir Michael Cullen (Chair), Kyle Christensen, and Charlie Price.
Course
The river is long, rising at an elevation of above mean sea level, east of Lake Taupo and south of the Bay of Plenty coast. From its source in the Ahimanawa Ranges it flows for across the Kaingaroa Plains towards Murupara.
Near the northern edge of the plains the river has been dammed by the Rangitāiki Dam, approximately downstream of its confluence with the Wheao River. The dam diverts all but at least 0.5 cumecs into the Wheao and Flaxy power scheme, which discharges into Wheao River which joins the Rangitaiki upstream of Murupara.
By the time it reaches the settlement at Murupara the river has a catchment of over 720 km.
Within downstream of Murupara, two major tributaries, the Whirinaki River and the Horomanga River enter the river on the eastern side. The river then continues north over the Galatea Plains before it enters the human-made Lake Āniwaniwa, the waters of which power the Aniwhenua Power Station.
Below the power station the river passes over the Aniwhenua falls and then squeezes through a narrow chasm. Downstream of the dam, the main channel passes through a gorge and then out onto the Waiohau Plains and past the settlement of Waihau. Several small tributaries arising in the Ikawhenua Ranges cross the Waiohau Plains to join the Rangitaiki.
The river travels for across the Waiohau Plains before it enters a gorge housing the human-made Lake Matahina the waters of which power the Matahina Power Station. No major tributaries enter the river downstream of the Lake Matahina. Below Matahina the Rangitaiki passes the village of Te Mahoe and through a well-defined valley before crossing the 29,000 ha Rangitaiki Plains and passing the settlements of Te Teko, Edgecumbe and Thornton. At Edgecumbe a large dairy factory owned by Fonterra discharges waste products into the river.
The river finally enters the sea at Thornton through a man made long channel.
Watershed
Prior to the completion of the Matahina Dam annual discharge figures for suspended and bed load sediment near the river mouth were about 201,000 and 188,000 tonnes respectively, Since then the Matahina dam has acted as an effective barrier to the seaward movement of sediment by the Rangitaiki River, with equivalent post-dam values have dropped to 65,000 and 10,000 tonnes.
This trapping of sediment has halted or substantially reduced the downstream historical rising river bed and coastal progradation of the Rangitaiki plains.
Since the completion of the upstream Aniwhenua dam in 1982, it had become the principal sediment capture point though an increasing amount of sediment is being deposited in the deep portion of Lake Matahina.
The river's condition is monitored at Murupara, Aniwhenua and Te Teko.
River modifications
The arrival of Europeans in the area lead to draining of wetland and low-lying areas along the river to create usable agricultural and horticultural lands. To support these activities the Rangitaiki Land Drainage Act was passed in 1910. One the Rangitaiki plains approximately 40,000 hectares of wetland was drained and converted to farmland. At the same time the existing dual discharges of the river towards the Whakatane River to the east and the Tarawera River estuary to the west were replaced by the cutting of a channel near Thornton to provide a new direct outlet for the Rangitaiki to the sea. Within a day of the new outlet being opened in May 1914 the level of the Rangitaiki in the lower sections of the Rangitaiki Plains area dropped by approximately. This fall of the river level encouraged further agricultural and horticultural development in this area following the end of World War I.
The hydro-electric potential of the river has been utilized by the construction of the following generation stations:
Matahina Power Station: Commissioned in 1967 the associated 86 m high Matahina Dam has impounds the river to create Lake Matahina. Due to the lake's limited storage capacity the power station operates as a run of the river scheme. The power station can generate up to 80 MW.
Aniwhenua Power Station: Commissioned in 1981, above the Āniwaniwa Falls its associated 10 high dam impounds the Rangitaiki River and Pokairoa Stream at their confluence at Black Road, Galatea, approximately upstream from the river mouth to create Lake Āniwaniwa ((unofficially known as Lake Aniwhenua). The lake supports a regionally significant trout fishery, as well as duck shooting and other recreation activities. Due to the lake's limited storage capacity the power station operates as a run of the river scheme. The power station can generate up to 25 MW.
Wheao and Flaxy Power Scheme: Located in the Kaingaroa forest this scheme was commissioned in 1980 and diverts water from the Flaxy Creek, Rangitaiki and Wheao rivers to power the 24 MW Wheao and the 2.1 MW Flaxy Power Stations. Due to the scheme's limited storage capacity it operates as a run of the river scheme.
Stopbanks
The development of flood control, mitigation schemes and drainage schemes was undertaken u to the requirements of the Land Drainage Act 1908, Soil Conservation and Rivers Control Act 1941, and specificity for the Rangitaiki catchment Rangitaiki Land Drainage Act 1910 and the Rangitāiki Land Drainage Act 1956.
To assist in controlling floods settlements and productive land downstream of Te Teko is protected by a system of stopbanks (also known as floodbanks). These are designed to provide protection from a 1% Annual Exceedance Probability (AEP) flood (also known as the “100 year” flood).
Tributaries
Heading downstream from its source the river has the following tributaries:
Otamatea River.
Otangimoana Stream. Also known as Dry Fly Creek
Wheao River. This joins the Rangitaiki upstream of Murupara.
Horomanga River. This river which joins the Rangitaiki north of Murupara has a catchment of 218 km. Like the Whirinaki this rises in the Ikawhenua Ranges and also contributes relatively large flood flows (and quantities of shingle) to the Rangitaiki.
Haumea Stream.
Whirinaki River. These rivers which joins the Rangitaiki north of Murupara has a catchment of 527 km. This river rises in the steep bush–covered Ikawhenua Ranges. Being composed of greywacke rock, with little absorption ability there is a resulting high runoff and so it consequently contributes relatively large flood flows (and quantities of shingle) to the Rangitaiki.
Mangamako Stream,
Waihua Stream
Waikakopu Stream.
Pokairoa Stream.
Gallery
References
Further reading
External links
Hydro-Electric Schemes Compliance Report June 2010 – June 2013.
Te Ika Whenua Rivers Report. This report issued by the Waitangi Tribunal in 1998 discusses the claims of the Te Ika Whenua hapu over the Rangitaiki, Wheao, and Whirinaki Rivers and their tributaries.
Rangitaiki River. Describes the fishing options on the river.
Rangitaiki River System, Horomanga and Whirinaki. Brochure produced by Fish and Game describing fishing options and access points on the river.
Rivers of the Bay of Plenty Region
Rivers of the Hawke's Bay Region
Rivers of New Zealand
Aedis Eclipse: Generation of Chaos, known in Japan and South Korea as , is a turn-based strategy fantasy video game released for the PlayStation Portable. It was developed by Idea Factory and published by Nippon Ichi Software. The game was released in Japan on May 25, 2006, in North America on April 24, 2007 and in Europe on March 30, 2011. It is the sequel to Generation of Chaos.
Gameplay
As a sequel, the game features a different setting, new characters, and a refined battle system. As with the original Generation of Chaos, this follow-up combines strategic, turn-based planning with automatic, real-time battles. Players will move one of 40 commanders across three distinct worlds as they attempt to eliminate rivals from the playing field. Movement throughout each world is designed like a board game, with factions alternating turns and moving a fixed number of spaces to capture key buildings or to directly confront an enemy character.
Each commander under a player's control leads a distinct army, from wizards and demons to gladiators and insects, with certain unit types more advantageous against a rival's units than others. Once two factions share the same space on the board, a real-time battle ensues, with both armies fighting each other until all opposing units are defeated. Variables influencing each battle include formation type, terrain, weather, time of day, and more. While players cannot control troops directly, they can influence a battle's outcome by activating their commander's special abilities at pivotal moments.
The game has a combination of team customization and item crafting, with a dynamic combat multi-unit battle system.
Reception
The game received "mixed" reviews according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.
GameSpot stated that, "The sequel to Generation of Chaos provides more of the same strategic gameplay without doing anything to correct the problems with the original." IGN noted that, "While it's still an extraordinarily deep title on the PSP, the menu and battle systems are still extremely clunky and weakly implemented, and the lack of helpful information will easily start to fray the nerves of even the hardest strategy RPG fan." GamePro called the game "A solid RPG experience that is muddled by some unfortunate pathfinding and UI issues." In contrast, GameSpy commented, "Aedis Eclipse: Generations of Chaos shows a lot of potential, but [is] buried so deep that it's just about not worth digging for."
See also
Generation of Chaos
Generation of Chaos: Pandora's Reflection
References
External links
PlayStation Portable games
PlayStation Portable-only games
2006 video games
Nippon Ichi Software games
Grand strategy video games
Turn-based strategy video games
Real-time tactics video games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games with isometric graphics
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Idea Factory games
ja:ジェネレーションオブカオス
Tudaya Falls is a waterfall on the Davao del Sur stream. It is located in Mount Apo Natural Park, Bansalan, Davao del Sur, Mindanao in the Philippines. At 100 metres, it is the tallest waterfall in Mt. Apo Natural Park. This waterfall flows into the Sibulan River, which flows to the Davao Gulf.
References
Landforms of Davao del Sur
Waterfalls of the Philippines
Stewarton Academy is a co-educational, non-demonational secondary school in the town of Stewarton, East Ayrshire, Scotland. The current Head Teacher of Stewarton Academy is Mr J. Stuart.
The schools academic performance in terms of examination results is above the national average in Scotland. In 2022, it ranked as the 190th best performing state school in Scotland, an increase from its position in 2021 where it was ranked as the 200th best performing Scottish secondary school. As a result, Stewart Academy is regarded as the best performing secondary school in East Ayrshire.
History and catchment area
Stewarton Academy serves a rural part of East Ayrshire including Stewarton, Dunlop and Kilmaurs. Currently, Stewarton Academy has four associated primary schools; Dunlop Primary School, Kilmaurs Primary School, Nether Robertland Primary School and Lainshaw Primary School.
In November 2020, the school was affected by an outbreak of COVID-19. As a result, the school was deep cleaned prior to pupils and staff returning.
Pupils at Stewarton Academy won the Readers Cup Challenge in 2016 against other local schools.
Stewarton Academy provides a training programme to pupils interested in a career within the construction industry. This initiative has been funded and supported by local construction firm GRAHAM.
2014 inspection
In 2014, Education Scotland inspected the school and found major strengths of the educational provision provided for young people, with the overall inspection being graded as "very good". Points raised by Education Scotland pointed to:
"polite, friendly and well-behaved young people, who enjoy their learning in a supportive and very caring environment"
"the strong leadership of the new acting headteacher, senior management and the active contribution of staff to the very positive climate for learning"
"the impressive achievements of young people in a wide range of activities across the school"
"the school's approaches to improving its work through very effective analysis of pupil data and the use of self evaluation"
"a wide range of partnerships which enhance learners' experiences"
Upgrade investments
In 2017, East Ayrshire Council pledged £13.2 million in investment towards Stewarton Academy in order to provide vital upgrades and repairs to the current school estate.
Over the next six years, Stewarton Academy will see full refurbishment of the existing building, improved sports facilities and the construction of a new extension. Funding has been allocated by East Ayrshire Council for:
£7 million for the extension
£2 million to upgrade the sports facilities
£4 million to improve heating, electrical systems, ventilation systems, roofing, accessibility adaptations and hospitality and catering facilities
£2.5 million for additional support needs provision
See also
List of schools in Scotland
References
Stewarton
Secondary schools in East Ayrshire
Jeanne Ruth Vertefeuille (December 23, 1932 – December 29, 2012) was a CIA officer who participated in a small team that investigated and uncovered the actions of Aldrich Ames, a notorious Cold War spy.
Early life
Born in New Haven, Connecticut, on December 23, 1932, Vertefeuille earned a bachelor's degree in history from the University of Connecticut in 1954, where they also learned German and French. They began their career as a typist for the Agency in 1954 and obtained promotions and expertise on the Soviet Union over several decades, serving in Ethiopia, Finland, and the Netherlands.
Career
In 1976, Vertefeuille wrote ''The GRU Today'', which was a study on the operations of the GRU, the Soviet Union's foreign military intelligence organisation.
They were made the lead investigator of a small team looking at the high rate of Soviet double agent disappearances in 1986. As it became more clear to the team that there could be a mole in the organization, Vertefeuille worked to keep the team small and focused to minimize the chances of the mole escaping before an arrest could be made. Over the course of eight years, this investigation led them to Ames's involvement in the disappearances – they had exposed them in exchange for millions of dollars, leading to at least eight executions. The investigation was fraught with difficulty, but the team began to uncover their treachery in 1989 when it was found that they had bought luxury cars and a house, beyond the salary of a typical CIA agent. The case was not cracked until 1991, when Vertefeuille and their team correlated Ames's meeting times with large deposits in their bank account. They officially retired in 1992 but continued to work as a contractor until a few months before their death in 2012. Ames was arrested with the involvement of the FBI on February 21, 1994. Prior to their arrest, Ames had told the KGB that Vertefeuille had the requisite access to be framed instead.
Illness and death
Throughout their career, Vertefeuille was known for their intense personal privacy and solitary nature. They died of brain cancer at the age of 80.
According to Peter Earnest, executive director (emeritus) of the International Spy Museum in Washington, D.C., Vertefeuille's "friend, in their final days, was, of course, Sandy Grimes. They had been friends for years, very close friends, and very close teammates."
Legacy
In 1998, Ames' story was dramatized in the TV movie Aldrich Ames: Traitor Within, starring Joan Plowright as Vertefeuille.
In 2014, ABC aired The Assets, an eight-part American drama television miniseries based on Circle of Treason.
References
Further reading
Sandra Grimes and Jeanne Vertefeuille. Circle of Treason: A CIA Account of Traitor Aldrich Ames and the Men They Betrayed. Annapolis, Md: Naval Institute Press, 2012.
1932 births
2012 deaths
People of the Central Intelligence Agency
20th-century United States government officials
People from New Haven, Connecticut
University of Connecticut alumni
20th-century American women
21st-century American women writers
John Crosbie, 2nd Earl of Glandore PC, FRS (25 May 1753 – 23 October 1815), styled Viscount Crosbie between 1777 and 1781, was an Irish politician.
Crosbie was the only surviving son of William Crosbie, 1st Earl of Glandore, by their first wife Lady Theodosia, daughter of John Bligh, 1st Earl of Darnley. They were educated at Trinity College, Cambridge. In 1775 they were returned to the Irish House of Commons for Athboy. The following year they were elected for both Tralee and Ardfert. They chose to sit for the latter, and held the seat until 1781, when they succeeded their father in the earldom and entered the Irish House of Lords. They were sworn of the Irish Privy Council in 1785. In 1789, they were appointed Joint Master of the Rolls in Ireland alongside the Earl of Carysfort. They both held the post until 1801. The office was then a sinecure and did not require any legal qualifications. In 1800, they were elected as one of the 28 original Irish Representative Peers to sit in the House of Lords.
Lord Glandore was married in London in 1771 by Frederick Cornwallis, Archbishop of Canterbury, to the Honourable Diana, daughter of George Germain, 1st Viscount Sackville. The marriage was childless. They died in August 1814, aged 58. Lord Glandore survived them by a year and died in October 1815, aged 62. The earldom and viscountcy of Crosbie became extinct on their death while they were succeeded in the Barony of Brandon by their cousin William Crosbie.
References
1753 births
1815 deaths
Earls in the Peerage of Ireland
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
John
John
Fellows of the Royal Society
People educated at Kilkenny College
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Irish representative peers
Crosbie, John Crosbie, Viscount
Crosbie, John Crosbie, Viscount
Members of the Irish House of Lords
Masters of the Rolls in Ireland
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Meath constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Kerry constituencies
Om Namo Bhagavate Vāsudevāya () (Devanagari: ॐ नमो भगवते वासुदेवाय) is one of the most popular Hindu mantras, and according to the Bhagavata tradition, the most important mantra in Vaishnavism. It is called the Dvadasakshari Mantra, or simply Dvadasakshari, meaning the "twelve-syllable" mantra, dedicated to Vishnu and Krishna both. It has two traditions—Tantric and Puranic. In the Tantric tradition, the rishi of the mantra is Prajapati; in the Puranic tradition, the rishi is Narada. Both refer to it as the supreme Vishnu mantra.
Origin
Bhagavatism, one of the traditions that was assimilated with what would become Vaishnavism, revered the Vrishni heroes, primary among them being Vāsudeva (Krishna). It may be concluded that the mantra was first associated with the reverence of Vāsudeva as the supreme deity before they were syncretised with Vishnu, after which it became an invocation of both deities.
Meaning
Om Namo Bhagavate Vasudevaya means "Om, I bow to Lord Vāsudeva or Lord Vishnu".
Significance
Om Namo Bhagavate Vāsudevaya means "prostration to Vasudeva", who is variously understood as Krishna an incarnation of Vishnu." According to the Bhagavad Gita, Krishna themselves asked their devotees to completely surrender to him:
The Vaishnava Upanishads state that this mantra is described on the Sudarshana Chakra:
The Sharada Tilaka, a Tantric text, states:
Similarly, this is referred to as the ultimate mantra in the Shrimad Bhagavatam. This twelve syllable mantra is known as a mukti (liberation) mantra, and a spiritual formula for attaining freedom. The mantra can also be found in the Vishnu Purana.
In popular culture
Dhruva used this as their mantra in their penance. Dhruva was initiated by Narada into chanting.
Swami Vivekananda used this phrase multiple times in their lectures and letters.
Swami Sivananda suggested repeating mantras like Om or "Om Namo Bhagavate Vasudevaya".
Vedanta philosopher Dayananda Saraswati wrote a book named "Om Namo Bhagavate Vasudevaya".
Willow Smith and Jahnavi Harrison put this mantra into their song Gajendra from their collaborative album RISE
See also
Hare Krishna (mantra)
Dwadashaakshara Mantra
Svayam Bhagavan
Om Namo Narayanaya
Om Tat Sat
References
Hindu mantras
Krishna
Vaishnavism
Om mantras
On 3 June 2019, a gunman killed four security members—two police officers and two soldiers—in Tripoli, Lebanon. The attacker was a recent member of the militant group Islamic State (ISIS), but no group claimed responsibility for the attack. The attack took place when security forces were dispatched to the city's streets to ensure citizen safety at the end of the Ramadan and Eid al-Fitr holidays. The attacker was identified by the authorities and the Lebanese army as Abdel Rahman Mabsout; they were a former ISIS member who had participated in the Syrian Civil War against the Syrian government. They were detained and tried for fighting for ISIS when they returned from Syria in 2016 but was released after a year in jail in late 2017.
Background
Tripoli, Lebanon, has suffered many attacks during the eight years of civil war in Syria between members of rival groups fighting against President Bashar Assad. Many of the fighters have lived in Tripoli, as have many extremists who fought against the Lebanese army in the past.
Lebanese authorities said that, after the Syrian Civil War, especially between 2013 and 2016, there were many terrorist attacks, including bombings, within Lebanon. In the years since then, security has improved, however.
ISIS claimed responsibility for two suicide bombers who killed 89 people and wounded more than 200 in the Bourj el-Barajneh suburb of Beirut in 2015. They targeted this neighborhood because it was a Shia area, where many residents support Hezbollah, which fights inside Syria against ISIS.
In December 2018, Lebanese authorities said the security forces had stopped a bombing plot by ISIS during the country's parliamentary elections. The militant group used buckets of cheese to smuggle explosives from Syria into Lebanon. Attacks were planned against temples, Christian churches and places of worship, and military targets. Police uncovered the plot, codenamed "Lethal Cheese", after months of surveillance.
ISIS and al-Qaeda have usually accepted responsibility for previous terrorist attacks in Lebanon.
Incident
A gunman attacked a Lebanese Internal Security Forces (ISF) patrol in Tripoli killing two police officers and two soldiers at 23:30 (Lebanese time) on Monday 3 June 2019. Tripoli is Lebanon's second largest city—a coastal city in the north of the country. The incident happened at the end of the Ramadan, Eid al-Fitr holidays, when the security forces were trying to keep citizens safe for the holidays. The gunman, who rode on a motorcycle, opened fire on police and an army patrol vehicle. The incident began near of a branch of the Lebanese Central bank, then the shooter started driving around and shooting at police and army vehicles. During the incident, the assailant, Abdel Rahman Mabsout, killed four people. At least four civilian cars and one police vehicle were badly damaged. The names of the four officers and soldiers killed in the terrorist attack were: Lieutenant Hassan Farahat (29); Sergeant Johnny Khalil (26); Corporal Yousef Faraj (36); and Private Ibrahim Saleh (21).
Police opened fire and used tear gas against the unknown shooter, who then drove to a residential building. They entered the building and shot their way up its stairs and finally entered a fourth floor apartment which was empty. Security forces and the shooter fought for about an hour, but the gunman was cornered and when they ran out of ammunition, they then blew themselves up inside the apartment. Parts of the nine-floor building, especially the fourth floor, were heavily damaged.
The apartment's owner, Kamal Ferri, told reporters that nobody was inside the apartment when the gunman entered the building. They added the gunman entered their apartment after shooting at people in the street. They said,"Thank God there was nobody in the house, and my door is not made of steel, it is a wooden door so I think they broke the door and they walked in."
Lebanon's Interior Minister Raya El Hassan told news agencies the attacker had been identified and their name was Abdul-Rahman Mabsout. They had earlier belonged to ISIS and the extremist groups who fought against Bashar Al-Assad. They were quickly arrested when they entered Lebanon in 2016. But they were released from Roumieh Prison in late 2017, and is suspected to be a "lone wolf".
Reactions
Prime Minister Saad Al-Hariri said, "all measures that protect the security of Tripoli and its people must be taken and the remnants of terrorism must be uprooted." Lebanon's defence minister Elias Bou Saab said, the day after attack, that the details of the incident were still not clear, and it was thought to be a piece of a larger terrorist plan. It was known that Mabsout had joined the ISIS group in Syria, and they spent a year in prison after they came back to Lebanon in 2016, before being released in 2017. No group had claimed responsibility for the attack yet.
President Michel Aoun said, "Any tampering with security will receive a quick and decisive response. What happened in Tripoli will not affect stability in the country." The Lebanese Interior Minister, Raya Haffar El Hassan said on Twitter: "The first night of Eid in Tripoli was very painful, but it's over now. The security forces and the army paid a heavy price to maintain security of the city... May God have mercy on our martyrs." At a news conference the next day, they called it a "lone wolf attack" and a "new form of terrorism". They added it was not possible to stop all such attacks, even in more advanced countries than Lebanon.
Tripoli MP Mohammed Kabbara said, "What happened has serious implications, because the perpetrators are people who were deceived by one or more parties in the context of using Tripoli as a mailbox to send bloody messages." Former Lebanese MP Mustapha Allouch said that they were surprised the assailant had been released from jail, with a known history of fighting with Daesh in Syria. They emphasized that, pending investigations, the motives behind the attack were not known. MP Hikmat Deeb, of the Free Patriotic Movement group, tweeted their zero tolerance for terrorism.
The American Embassy in Lebanon affirmed that it "stands by the legitimate security institutions in their war on terror." Bahrain's Ministry of Foreign Affairs condemned the terrorist attack and all forms of violence, extremism and terrorism, and asked for an end to terrorist groups' funding.
Hezbollah has condemned the terrorist attack by a former Daesh (ISIL or ISIS) member in Tripoli, on the eve of Eid al-Fitr, saying: "terrorist groups ... do not respect the sanctity of religion and morality or values."
The Arab League (AL) condemned the attack on Tripoli. Mahmoud Afifi, speaker of the AL chief, wished a speedy recovery for people injured in the incident and peace for families of the victims. They added that the Pan-Arab organization will cooperate with Lebanon to stop terrorism.
References
2019 in Lebanon
2019 mass shootings in Asia
21st century in Tripoli, Lebanon
2019 shooting
2019 shooting
Islamic terrorism in Lebanon
Islamic terrorist incidents in 2019
Mass murder in 2019
21st-century mass murder in Lebanon
Mass shootings in Lebanon
Murder–suicides in Asia
Suicide bombings in Lebanon
Terrorist incidents in Lebanon in 2019
June 2019 events in Lebanon
Whittles is a coach tour operator based in Kidderminster, England.
History
Whittles was founded in 1926 in Highley taking miners to and from villages to the coal pits, and hauling coal in between shift changes. The founder was J. T. Whittle, and they ran the business of J. T. Whittle & Son with members of their family. Later, three of them – J. T., F. W. and G. E. Whittle – formed a partnership to own the business. The partners became G. E., R. A. and D. L. Whittle in 1964. G. E. Whittle died in 1970.
In January 1975, J. T. Whittle's daughter and an heir to their fortune, 17 year old Lesley Whittle was kidnapped and killed by murderer and armed robber Donald Neilson, dubbed "The Black Panther " by the British Press.
In October 1980, it commenced operating express services from Bridgnorth and Kidderminster to London under the Goldhawk brand. In 1981 it began operating these services in an alliance with National Express. In 1990, Narburgh Coaches of Alveley was purchased with 16 vehicles, taking the fleet to 53.
In January 2004, the business was purchased by East Yorkshire Motor Services with 49 vehicles. In December 2014, the coach business was sold to Johnsons Coach & Bus Travel with nine coaches.
The contracted National Express services were taken over by National Express, while the local bus services ceased on 5 January 2015.
References
External links
Kidderminster
Transport companies established in 1926
Transport in Worcestershire
1926 establishments in England
Varysburg is a village located at the intersection of U.S. Route 20A and New York State Route 98. It is in the eastern portion of the town of Sheldon close to the border with Orangeville in Wyoming County, New York, United States. As per the 2010 census the population of the Varysburg ZIP Code area (14167), which included part of the town of Orangeville, was 1,646.
References
Census-designated places in New York (state)
Villages in New York (state)
Villages in Wyoming County, New York
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Madison Parish, Louisiana.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties on the National Register of Historic Places in Madison Parish, Louisiana, United States. The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 14 properties listed on the National Register in the parish.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Louisiana
References
Madison Parish
Ercall Wood Academy is a co-educational secondary school located in Wellington in the English county of Shropshire.
It is an academy converter and is a member of the Learning Community Trust. The school was formerly called Ercall Wood Technology College but changed its name when it joined the trust in June 2018.
References
External links
Ercall Wood Academy official website
Secondary schools in Telford and Wrekin
Academies in Telford and Wrekin
Coccothrinax saxicola is a palm which is endemic to eastern Cuba.
Henderson and colleagues (1995) considered C. saxicola to be a synonym of Coccothrinax miraguama.
References
saxicola
Trees of Cuba
Plants described in 1939
Abel Pollet (9 October 1873 – 11 January 1909) was a French gangster and murderer. The leader, with their brother Auguste, of the Pollet gang, four of whose members, including Abel and Auguste, were beheaded in January 1909, as convicted murderers, thus reinstituting the death penalty in France.
Biography
Abel Pollet was born in Vieux-Berquin on October 9, 1873.
They became a smuggler who put their native gift for leadership to good use organizing their fellow traffickers into a more lucratively violent line of work. Thanks, presumably, to the syndicate's pre-existing professional aptitude for evasion, it persisted for years and authored a quantity of robberies and murders that authorities could only guess at. (The official homicide estimation ran north of 50.) It was a spree so atrocious that it helped force the end of the whole death penalty moratorium since sentiment was so strong against the Hazebrouck gang.
The murders committed in northern France by the Pollet brothers' gang, also known as the Hazebrouck's bandits, hit the headlines.
Four members of the bandits were sentenced to death on 26 June 1908 in Saint-Omer.
The Capricornian in Rockhampton reported:
Abel Pollet confessed of their own accord to participation in no fewer than 250 crimes.
Execution
The Advertiser in Adelaide ran about the quadruple execution on February 20, 1909:
See also
Anatole Deibler
Guillotine
Sources
Jacques Messiant: L'Affaire Pollet – À l'origine des Brigades du Tigre. Éditions Ouest-France, Rennes 2015. .
Sylvain Larue: Les nouvelles affaires criminelles de France. De Borée Éditions, 2009, p. 138–146.
Carnets d'exécutions, 1885–1939, Anatole Deibler, présentés et annotés par Gérard A. Jaeger, Éditions L'Archipel, Paris 2004.
Matthias Blazek: Räuberbande versetzte in den Jahren nach 1900 ganz Nordfrankreich in Schockzustand – Guillotine wird nach jahrelanger Pause für Vierfachhinrichtung 1909 in Béthune aufgestellt. In: Kameradschaftliches aus Fontainebleau – Mitteilungsblatt des Freundeskreises Deutscher Militärischer Bevollmächtigter in Frankreich, nr. 43 and 44, September 2015 and April 2016, Münster (Westfalen)/Adelheidsdorf, 2015/16, p. 8 ff. and 5 ff.
Matthias Blazek: Räuberbande versetzte in den Jahren nach 1900 ganz Nordfrankreich in Schockzustand – Guillotine wird nach jahrelanger Pause für Vierfachhinrichtung 1909 in Béthune aufgestellt. In: Journal der juristischen Zeitgeschichte (JoJZG), nr. 3/2014, de Gruyter, Berlin, 2014, p. 104 ff.
Notes and references
External links
1909: The Pollet gang, breaking the French moratorium.
François CARON, Il y a cent ans : la fin de la « bande à Pollet » à Béthune, Généalogie 62, nr. 101, 1st trimestre 2009, Hénin-Beaumont, p. 31–37 (1800 ex.)
Les exécutés, hazebrouck-autrefois.com.
Les exécutés, hazebrouck-autrefois.com.
Guillotine wird nach jahrelanger Pause für Vierfachhinrichtung 1909 in Béthune aufgestellt, Matthias-Blazek.eu.
1873 births
1909 deaths
20th-century French criminals
French gangsters
Treasury Varieties was an American syndicated weekly 30-minute radio program that aired on the Mutual network from 1948 to 1953. The program was sponsored by the U.S. Treasury Department to promote the sale of U.S. Savings Bonds. The show featured the music of entertainers backed by a studio orchestra, notably Henry Jerome and Their Orchestra, who, over the life of the program, had the longest run. Frank H. Walldecker (1909–1995) was the announcer. Regulars with the Jerome Orchestra included Hal Burton (singer), Morrie Allen (singer), Joe Grimm (Joe Grimaldi) (singer), the Glee Club, and the Three Jays.
Other entertainers (1949) included Bob Chester and Their Orchestra, featuring Bobby Breen (singer).
Extant recordings of radio broadcasts
63035: May 28, 1948, Mutual
"The Third Man Theme," Frank H. Waldecker (1909–1995) (announcer), Hal Barton (vocal), Joe Grimm (Joe Grimaldi) (vocal), Maurie Allen (vocal), The Three Jays. 29:50
2313: January 21, 1950, Mutual
Larry Fotine and Their Orchestra, Johnny Goodfellow (vocal)
Note: The indexing is that of J. David Goldin (born 1942) , Newtown, Connecticut: RadioGOLDINdex,
Note: Marr Sound Archives
References
1940s American radio programs
1950s American radio programs
American music radio programs
American variety radio programs
Mutual Broadcasting System programs
The Quebec Mercury was an English language weekly newspaper published in Quebec City from 1805 to 1863.
The Mercury was founded by publisher Thomas Cary in respect and veneration of Canada's link to the United Kingdom. From 1828 to 1848 the Mercury was owned jointly by Thomas Cary Jr. and Pierre-Édouard Desbarats. The newspaper generally represented the economic and political interests of the English merchants, while its rival Le Canadien (1806–1893) represented the economic and political interests of the French language moneyed groups. The Quebec Mercury was deeply conservative, advocated for the assimilation of French Canadians, and sought to Anglicise the colony. Cary perceived the rise of a French middle class and the French majority in the Assembly as a threat to the growth of Anglo-Canadian commercial interests. The newspaper survived until the 1950s.
Together, Le Canadien and the Mercury were the first truly political newspapers printed in Canada.
See also
List of newspapers in Canada
References
External links
The Quebec Mercury, in the Collection numérique of Bibliothèque et Archives nationales du Québec.
Defunct weekly newspapers
Defunct newspapers published in Quebec
Newspapers published in Quebec City
English-language newspapers published in Quebec
Publications established in 1805
1805 establishments in Lower Canada
1863 disestablishments in Canada
Publications disestablished in 1863
Quebec Anglophone culture in Quebec City
The following is a list of notable Old Bridgnorthians, former pupils of Bridgnorth Grammar School (now Bridgnorth Endowed School) in Bridgnorth, Shropshire, England.
Army
General Sir Charles Warren, GCMG, KCB, FRS (1840–1927), Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police and General in the Second Boer War.
Church
William Bree, Archdeacon of Coventry (1887–1908)
Rev. Robert William Eyton (1815–1881), Rector of Ryton and author of The Antiquities of Shropshire (1853–60).
Bishop James Fraser (1818–1885), reforming Bishop of Manchester.
Rev. Osborne Gordon (1813–83), Rector of Easthampstead and influential Oxford don.
Bishop Thomas Percy (1729–1811), Bishop of Dromore and author of Reliques of Ancient English Poetry (1765).
Bishop Francis Henry Thicknesse (1829–1921), inaugural Suffragan Bishop of Leicester.
Medicine
Thomas Beddoes (1760–1808), physician and scientific writer.
William Macmichael (1783–1839), physician to Kings George IV and William IV and author of The Gold-Headed Cane (1827)
Politics
Sir John Josiah Guest, 1st Baronet, MP (1785–1852), engineer, entrepreneur, and Member of Parliament.
Ralph Lingen, 1st Baron Lingen (1819–1905), influential civil servant.
John Lloyd (1833–1915), Welsh-born London County Councillor
Henry John Roby, MP (1830–1915), classical scholar, writer on Roman law, and Member of Parliament.
Science
Professor Peter Bullock (1937–2008), Nobel Peace Prize winning scientist who was keen for soil to be used as a sustainable resource.
Sport
Cyril Washbrook, CBE (1914–1999), cricketer who played for Lancashire and England.
Stage and Screen
Sir Cedric Hardwicke, KBE (1893–1964), Hollywood character actor.
Ross Antony (1974–), British television personality in Germany.</ref>
References
Bridgnorth
Shropshire-related lists
Love Out Loud is the sixth studio album by Jaci Velasquez, released on March 18, 2008.
Album background
On the heels of the tenth anniversary celebration of their debut platinum selling album, Heavenly Place, Velasquez returned to the studio to write and record Love Out Loud. Velasquez once again teamed-up with Mark Heimermann, the producer of their first three albums. The lead single is "Love Out Loud" that speaks of putting one's words into action to show others God's love through us.
Track listing
"Nothing But Sky" – 3:25 (written by Madeline Stone and Dennis Matkosky)
"It's Not You It's Me" – 3:53 (written by Jaci Velasquez, Tony Lucido and John Glover)
"Love Out Loud" – 4:07 (written by Jaci Velasquez, Mark Heimermann and Judson Spence)
"Jesus (The Way)" – 3:33 (written by John Glover)
"My Alleluia (When Words Fail)" – 3:43 (written by Mark Heimermann and Kyle Matthews)
"Weightless" – 4:26 (written by Mark Heimermann)
"Likely Story" – 4:01 (written by Jaci Velasquez and Mark Heimermann)
"Tango" – 3:02 (written by Jaci Velasquez and Mark Heimermann)
"Por Escrito " – 3:00 written by (Jaci Velasquez and Alexis Puentes)
"Into the Light Again" – 3:48 (written by Jaci Velasquez, Mark Heimermann and Heather Garborg)
"Nothing But Sky (Outro)" – 1:03
"Love Out Loud" (acoustic demo version) iTunes pre-order bonus track (written by Jaci Velasquez, Mark Heimermann and Judson Spence)
Personnel
Jaci Velasquez – vocals, backing vocals
Mark Heimermann – keyboards, acoustic piano, programming, backing vocals
Jerry McPherson – guitars
Michael Ripoll – guitars
Justin York – guitars
Brent Milligan – bass
Akil Thompson – bass
Dan Needham – drums
Javier Solis – percussion
Nic Gonzales – vocals
String Section
Mark Heimermann – arrangements
David Davidson – arrangements
David Angell, Monisa Angell, John Catchings, Bruce Christensen, David Davidson, Conni Ellisor, Jim Grosjean, Anthony LaMarchina, Bob Mason, Pamela Sixfin, Elizabeth Stewart, Julie Tanner and Karen Winklemann – string players
Choir
Amy Delaine, Jan Harris, Chris Wise and Joy Wise
Production
Mark Heimermann – producer, engineer
Michael Modesto – engineer
Glenn Spinner – engineer
Steve MacMillan – mixing
PJ Heimermann – production coordinator
Kristin Barlowe – photography
Charts
References
2008 albums
Jaci Velasquez albums
Victor Mauro Willard (1813December 10, 1869) was an American farmer and Wisconsin pioneer. They served as a delegate to Wisconsin's first constitutional convention and was a member of the Wisconsin State Senate in 1849 and 1850, representing Racine County.
Biography
Born in New York, Willard moved to the town of Waterford in the Wisconsin Territory in 1837. They were elected as a delegate of Racine County to Wisconsin's first constitutional convention in 1846. At the convention, they worked on the committee to draft an act of congress which would ratify the admission of the state. However, the constitution created by the 1st convention was ultimately rejected by the voters of Wisconsin.
In 1848, Willard was elected to the Wisconsin State Senate on the Free Soil Party ticket for the 1849 and 1850 sessions. They represented the 17th State Senate district which at that time comprised the territory making up present-day Racine County—in 1849, this was only the northern half of Racine County. Kenosha County was created from the southern half of Racine County in 1850.
Willard died of tuberculosis on December 10, 1869.
References
1813 births
1869 deaths
Farmers from Wisconsin
Wisconsin state senators
People from Waterford, Wisconsin
Wisconsin Free Soilers
19th-century American politicians
Unity Software Inc. (doing business as Unity Technologies) is a video game software development company based in San Francisco. It was founded in Denmark in 2004 as Over the Edge Entertainment (OTEE) and changed its name in 2007. Unity Technologies is best known for the development of Unity, a licensed game engine used to create video games and other applications. , Unity Technologies has undergone significant growth despite reporting financial losses for every year since its founding in 2004.
History
Founding and early success (2004–2008)
Unity Technologies was founded as Over the Edge Entertainment (OTEE) in Copenhagen in 2004 by David Helgason (CEO), Nicholas Francis (CCO), and Joachim Ante (CTO). Over the Edge released its first game, GooBall, in 2005. The game failed commercially, but the three founders saw value in the game development tools that they had created to simplify game development, and so they shifted the company's focus to create an engine for other developers.
The company sought to "democratize" game development and make development of 2D and 3D interactive content more accessible. Unity was named the runner-up for Best Use of Mac OS X Graphics at the 2006 Apple Design Awards. The company grew with the 2007 release of the iPhone, as Unity Technologies produced one of the first engines supporting the platform in full. Because the games industry was focused on console games when the iPhone and App Store were released, Unity was positioned to support developers looking to create mobile games. Its dominance on the iPhone was largely uncontested for a couple of years. In 2007, Over the Edge changed its name to Unity Technologies.
New platforms and expansion (2009–2019)
The technology was developed for different platforms. By 2018, Unity was used to make games and other experiences for more than 25 platforms, including mobile, desktop, consoles, and virtual reality. Unity games can also be deployed on the Web.
The Unity Asset Store launched in November 2010 as an online marketplace for Unity users to sell project assets (artwork, code systems, audio, etc.) to each other.
In April 2012, Unity reportedly had 1 million registered developers, 300,000 of whom used Unity on a monthly basis. In May of the same year, a survey by Game Developer revealed that approximately 53% of mobile game developers were using Unity. By 2016, the company reported more than 5.5 million registered users. Part of Unity's appeal is that it allows people who lack the technical knowledge to program games from scratch to create games and other simulations.
Facebook integrated a software development kit for games using the Unity game engine in 2013. The kit featured tools that allowed tracking advertising campaigns and deep linking, where users were directly linked from social media posts to specific portions within games, and in-game-image sharing.
Unity acquired Applifier, a Helsinki-based mobile service provider, in March 2014. Applifier's game replay sharing and community service was initially called Everyplay, and became known as Unity Everyplay. The acquisition also meant that Applifier's mobile video ad network, GameAds, became Unity Ads. Two more acquisitions followed later in 2014: Playnomics, a data analysis platform for developers (now Unity Analytics), and Tsugi, whose continuous integration service became known as Unity Cloud Build.
In October 2014, Helgason announced in a blog post that they would be stepping down as CEO with John Riccitiello, the former CEO of game company Electronic Arts, replacing him. Helgason remained with the company as executive vice-president.
Software developer Niantic released Pokémon Go, which was built using Unity engine, in 2016. Following the success of Pokémon Go, Unity Technologies held several rounds of funding that increased the company's valuation: In July 2016, a $181 million round of funding valued the company at approximately $1.5 billion; in May 2017, the company raised $400 million that valued the company at $2.8 billion; and in 2018 Unity's CEO confirmed a $145 million round that valued the company at approximately $3 billion. Also in 2016, Facebook developed a new PC gaming platform with Unity. In 2017, Unity Technologies acquired Multiplay, a business that offers multiplayer server game hosting, from retailer Game for £19 million.
Unity Technologies released the Unity 2017 version of its platform in 2017. Unity worked with Google on ARCore in 2017 to develop augmented reality tools for Android devices and apps. The following year, Unity Technologies worked with Google Cloud to offer services for online game developers and Alphabet Inc. subsidiary DeepMind to develop virtual world artificial intelligence. The Unity platform is used to help machines through reinforced learning. According to Fast Company, DeepMind uses Unity software to train algorithms in "physics-realistic environments", where a computer will continually try to achieve a goal through trial and error.
The use of Unity Technologies software expanded beyond games in the 2010s, including film and television and automotive. For the automotive industry, carmakers use Unity's virtual reality platform for design and virtual world car testing simulations. In October 2018, Unity Technologies acquired Digital Monarch Media, a Canadian virtual cinematography company.
Unity Technologies created the Unity Icon Collective in November 2018. The team creates assets for sale in the Unity Asset Store for PC and consoles. The assets—characters, environments, art, and animation—can be used in high-quality games; the move was seen as an attempt to compete with Unity's rivals, such as Epic Games' Unreal Engine.
The company acquired Vivox, a cross-platform voice and text chat provider based in Framingham, Massachusetts, in January 2019. At an acquisition price of $123.4 million, the company became a wholly owned subsidiary of Unity Technologies and operates independently. Vivox's technology is used in Fortnite, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds, and League of Legends, among others. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. In May 2019, the company confirmed a $150 million Series E funding round that increased its valuation to $6 billion. In July that year, it announced that together with D1 Capital Partners, CPP Investment Board, Light Street Capital, Sequoia Capital and Silver Lake Partners, it would fund a $525 million tender to allow Unity's common shareholders to sell their shares in the company. Unity Technologies additionally purchased game analytics company deltaDNA in September 2019, which was later reported at a value of $53.1 million. The company continued their acquisitions by buying live game management platform ChilliConnect in October 2019, and 3D application streaming service Furioos creator Obvioos in November 2019. That same year, Unity paid $48.8 million to acquire Artomatix, a company that develops an AI-assisted material creation tool called ArtEngine. Despite growing revenues of $541.8 million, Unity also posted growing losses of $163.2 million.
The company's IPO filing revealed that they reported losses of over $162.3 million in 2019, and have consistently lost money since its founding in 2004. Despite the losses, the company has consistently grown in terms of revenue and employee numbers.
Going public and further acquisitions (2020–present)
In June 2020, Unity announced that they had partnered with Apple to update the Unity Engine to run on Apple silicon-equipped Macs with the 2020.2 release, allowing game developers to update their games to support the new hardware platform. An Apple silicon-ported version of the Unity Editor was demoed during the WWDC 2020 Platforms State of the Union event. On 17 August of that year, Unity stated that it had acquired Codice Software, who make the distributed version control system Plastic SCM. That same year, Unity acquired Finger Food Advanced Technology Group for $46.8 million.
Unity announced its plans to offer an initial public offering (IPO) in August 2020. At the time, the company reported 1.5 million monthly users, with 15,000 new projects started daily. The company completed its IPO on 17 September 2020 at a total of , above its target price, and started trading as a public company on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker on the following day. The IPO gave Unity an estimated value of .
In December 2020, Unity announced the acquisition of the multiplayer networking framework, MLAPI, and RestAR, a computer vision and deep learning company. In June 2021, it acquired Pixyz Software, a developer of 3D data optimization technology. The company announced plans to acquire Parsec, desktop streaming software, in August 2021 for .
In a cash and shares deal Unity acquired Weta Digital for $1.63 billion in November 2021. Unity added the "Wellington-based company's 275 engineers to its workforce". The latter's visual special effects and animation teams "will continue to exist as a standalone entity", becoming Unity's "largest customer in the media and entertainment space". WetaFX remains majority owned by Peter Jackson.
In January 2022, Unity announced the acquisition of Ziva Dynamics, a Vancouver-based VFX company.
In July 2022, Unity agreed to buy ironSource in an all-stock deal worth US$4.4 billion. On completion of the deal, Unity shareholders will own about 73.5% of the combined company and current IronSource shareholders will keep about 26.5%. Unity will also receive a $1 billion investment from Sequoia Capital and Silver Lake once the deal is closed.
In August 2022, AppLovin made an unsolicited offer to buy Unity in exchange for $17.54 billion in an all-stock deal. The proposed merger would result in the Unity CEO John Riccitiello becoming the CEO of the combined entity. AppLovin's bid excludes ironSource, that Unity agreed to buy in July. Later that month, Unity's board rejected the offer and committed to complete its acquisition of ironSource.
Corporate affairs
Unity Technologies is a public company based in San Francisco, California; its IPO was in September 2020. , the company employed more than 2,000 people in offices across North America, Europe and Asia. It is overseen by a board of directors. John Riccitiello acts as chief executive officer (CEO), and replaced co-founder and former CEO David Helgason in 2014. Danny Lange, who has a history of work on machine learning for IBM, Microsoft, Amazon Web Services and Uber, is vice-president of artificial intelligence and machine learning, a post they have held since late 2016. Unity Technologies named its first independent directors in 2017. Riccitiello said the move was needed if the company intended to go public in the future. According to TechCrunch, Unity Technologies had raised more than $600 million in funding and was valued at about $3 billion by 2018. Its investors include Sequoia Capital, Draper Fisher Jurvetson, Silver Lake, China Investment Corporation, FreeS Fund, Thrive Capital, WestSummit Capital and Max Levchin. Revenue streams include licensing fees for its game engine, its Unity Asset Store, and the Unity platform.
Unity's business is split into Operate Solutions (consisting of Unity Ads, Unity In-App Purchases, and other tools, which was newly established in 2015), Create Solutions (consisting of Unity Engine subscriptions and other professional services) and Strategic Partnerships. In 2019, of its reported revenue Operate Solutions accounted for 54%, Create Solutions for 31% and the remaining income sources for 15%.
In 2017, Unity Technologies launched Unity Without Borders, a programme that sponsored 50 video game programmers from the Middle East to attend Unity's Unite Europe conference in Amsterdam. Unity Without Borders sponsored video game programmers affected by travel restrictions by President Donald Trump's administration.
On 5 June 2019, Anne Evans, formerly vice-president in human resources for Unity Technologies, filed a sexual harassment and wrongful termination lawsuit against the company, alleging that they had been harassed by Riccitiello and another co-worker, and was then terminated over the dispute with the latter. Evans said that the company had a "highly sexualised" workplace culture, where executives would routinely discuss their sexual histories. Unity Technologies responded that Evans had been terminated due to misconduct and lapse in judgment, and replaced Evans with a former Microsoft executive in mid-2020.
Unity engine
Unity's eponymous platform is used to create two-dimensional, three-dimensional, virtual reality, and augmented reality video games and other simulations. The engine originally launched in 2005 to create video games. , it supports more than 25 platforms. , the platform has been used to create approximately half of mobile games on the market and 60 percent of augmented reality and virtual reality content, including approximately 90 percent on emerging augmented reality platforms, such as Microsoft HoloLens, and 90 percent of Samsung Gear VR content. , Unity-made applications were used by 2 billion monthly active users, with 1.5 million monthly creators. Unity technology is the basis for most virtual reality and augmented reality experiences, and Fortune said Unity "dominates the virtual reality business". As of 2017, Unity Technologies used its game engine to transition into other industries using the real-time 3D platform, including film and automotive.
See also
List of game engines
List of Unity games
References
External links
2004 establishments in Denmark
Video game companies based in California
Video game development companies
Video game companies established in 2004
Companies based in San Francisco
2020 initial public offerings
Companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Aksu District (, ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Zhansugirov. The population of the district according to the 2013 estimate is 40,242. Asku District has 3 villages, 54 settlements, and 15 rural districts, held within a size of 4864.9 mi² (12 600 km²).
Part of the district borders Lake Balkhash, and partly occupies Lake Alakol, and the Zhetysu Alatau.
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
The 1973 Cupa României Final was the 35th final of Romania's most prestigious football cup competition. It was disputed between Chimia Râmnicu Vâlcea and Constructorul Galați, and was won by Chimia Râmnicu Vâlcea after a replay. It was the 1st cup for Chimia Râmnicu Vâlcea.
Both teams played in 1–4–2–4 formula, 1 GK, 4 DF, 2 MF and 4 FW.
The 1973 Cupa României Final was the 3rd final in the history of the Romanian Cup when the winner established after a replay. The other two finals with replay(s) were played in 1934 and 1940.
This final remained in history because it was the first one with no club from Divizia A in the final.
The final is also known as "Finala desculților" (English: "The final of the poor") because the team from Râmnicu Vâlcea was playing in Divizia B and the team from Galați was playing in Divizia C at the time of the final.
Chimia Râmnicu Vâlcea became the third club representing Divizia B which won the Romanian Cup final, after Metalul Reșița which accomplished this in 1954, and Arieșul Turda which accomplished this in 1961. Constructorul Galați became the second club representing Divizia C that reached the Romanian Cup final, after Foresta Fălticeni in 1967.
Constructorul Galați become the champion of 1972–73 Divizia C at the end of the season.
Match details
Replay
See also
List of Cupa României finals
References
External links
Romaniansoccer.ro
1973
Cupa
Romania
was a Japanese automotive company with 58 manufacturing centres spread throughout the United States, European Union, South Korea, Mexico, Thailand, South Africa, India, China, and Malaysia.
The corporation was the result of a merger in 2000 between Calsonic Corp., which specialized in air conditioners and heat exchangers, and gauge maker Kansei Corp.. Nissan increased its shareholding in the company from 27.6 percent to 41.7 percent in January 2005. In November 2016, Nissan confirmed plans to sell its stake to U.S. private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, who later obtained the rest of the company as well in February 2017.
In early 2019, Calsonic Kansei was merged with auto-parts maker Magneti Marelli, which was purchased for 6.2 billion euros from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, by its parent and 100% owning fund, KKR.
History
On August 25, 1938, Calsonic Corp. was founded as Nihon Radiator Manufacturing Company, Ltd., with radiators as its product line. Nagao Gentaro was its first president. In 1952, the company was renamed more simply as Nihon Radiator Company. Nissan Motor would purchase 60% of the company's share in April 1954 for the purpose of securing the supply of radiators. That same year, Nihon Radiator began producing mufflers, and a year later it began producing car heaters.
The name "Calsonic" was first used in 1976 to refer to Nihon Radiator's first overseas manufacturing plant in California within the United States, combining the state's name with the word "sonic" from sonic speed to denote the company's dream of expansion. By 1988, Nihon Radiator changed its name to Calsonic Corporation in celebration of its 50th anniversary.
Kansei Corp. was established on October 25, 1956 as Kanto Seiki Company, Ltd., spinning off of Nissan Motor with instrument clusters as its main product. In 1960, the company headquarters and manufacturing plant would be relocated from Akabane, Kita, Tokyo Metropolis to Ōmiya City, Saitama Prefecture (now Saitama City.
On April 1, 2000, Calsonic and Kansei were merged to form Calsonic Kansei. Nissan increased its shareholding in the company from 27.6 percent to 41.7 percent in January 2005.
On November 22, 2016, American investment firm KKR & Co. announced that it will purchase Calsonic Kansei for $4.5 billion, succeeding over rival private investment firms Bain Capital and MBK Partners. KKR stated that its intention in buying Calsonic Kansei would be to help its international expansion while the company's local Japanese market is shrinking. By March 23, 2017, KKR officially completed the tender offer for Calsonic Kansei.
On October 22, 2018, Calsonic Kansei announced that it would be merged with components manufacturer Magneti Marelli from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA), acquired by the parent fund KKR for $7.1 billion (€6.2 billion). The news was mostly wrongly reported by the press as Calsonic Kansei purchasing Magneti Marelli, while the transaction happened between KKR and FCA. The company's previous bid of nearly $5.9 billion was deemed too low by FCA. By May 2019, Calsonic Kansei and Magneti Marelli united under one brand name, Marelli, as part of its strategy to compete on a global scale.
Business segments and products
Cockpit module and interior products
Instrument panels
Air conditioning units
Instrument clusters
Integrated switches
Climate control systems
HVAC units
Condensers
Compressors
Compressors
Variable displacement compressors
Rotary compressors
Heat exchange products
Radiators
Condensers
Motor fans
Internal air coolers
Oil coolers
Evaporators
Electronic products
Body Electronics
Body Control Modules
Auto Driving Position Systems
Airbag Control Units
Occupant Detection Systems
Keyless entry
Human Machine Interface components
Power electronics components
Exhaust systems
Exhaust manifold converters
Mufflers
Emission control devices
Sponsorship
Calsonic Kansei is primarily associated with Kazuyoshi Hoshino's Impul racing team in Japan, sponsoring them as Calsonic since 1982 as a title sponsor. By 2016, Calsonic Kansei is the longest-running title sponsor of a motor sports team in the world.
On March 9, 2016, Formula One racing team McLaren announced a multi-year partnership with Calsonic Kansei.
Calsonic is also the official radiator cooling supplier for Scuderia Toro Rosso since 2007.
See also
Nissan
Impul
Magneti Marelli
References
External links
Official site
Japanese companies established in 1938
2000 mergers and acquisitions
Auto parts suppliers of Japan
Companies based in Saitama Prefecture
Manufacturing companies established in 1938
Nissan
The Man of Bronze is a Doc Savage pulp novel by Lester Dent writing under the house name Kenneth Robeson. It was published in March 1933. It was the basis of the 1975 movie Doc Savage: The Man of Bronze starring Ron Ely.
Summary
High above the skyscrapers of New York, Doc Savage engages in deadly combat with the red-fingered survivors of an ancient, lost civilization. Then, with their amazing crew, they journey to the mysterious “lost valley” to search for a fabulous treasure and to destroy the mysterious Red Death.
References
External links
1933 American novels
Doc Savage
American adventure novels
Pulp stories
Superhero novels
Works originally published in American magazines
Works originally published in pulp magazines
Novels set in New York City
American novels adapted into films
Robert Morgan (born November 11, 1973) is an American former professional stock car racing driver and team owner. They currently own the GT Celebration Race Series, a road racing series. They formerly competed in the NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series as a driver from 1997 to 2001. In 1998, Morgan became a co-owner of Morgan-Dollar Motorsports along with David Dollar. They were involved in a collision during the Daytona 250 in 2000 that almost took driver Geoff Bodine's life.
Racing career
Motorsports career results
NASCAR
(key) (Bold – Pole position awarded by qualifying time. Italics – Pole position earned by points standings or practice time. * – Most laps led.)
Craftsman Truck Series
Winston West Series
References
External links
1973 births
NASCAR drivers
NASCAR team owners
Living people
People from Conway, Arkansas
Racing drivers from Arkansas
Nicholas Weston may refer to:
Nicholas Weston (MP for Newtown) (1611–1656)
Nicholas Weston (MP for Malmesbury) (fl. 1373–1383)
Ahmed al-Tayyeb Aldj (born in Fes on 9 September 1928, died in Rabat on 1 December 2012) is a well known Moroccan writer of Moroccan Arabic Zajal poetry and drama.
Early life
 They are considered one of the cornerstones of contemporary Moroccan theater. They received several prizes and decorations for their service to Moroccan Arabic language theater.
Career
They have composed more than forty plays and adapted more than thirty. According to Salim Jay, the theater of al-Aldj is a "treasure of the culture of humanity". They have rewritten, in Moroccan Arabic, works by Molière, Shakespeare and Brecht and has had a great influence on Moroccan popular culture. Their work was markedly influenced by French theater, especially the plays of Molière and Pierre Beaumarchais.
Awards and honours
In 1973, they were awarded the prize of Literature of Morocco, and in 1975, the Medal of Intellectual Merit of Syria.
References
Wazzâni, Hasan al-(ed). Dalîl al-Kuttâb al-Magâriba A`d:â` Ittih: al-Magrib. Rabat: Manshűrât Ittih:âd Kuttâb al-Magrib, 1993, p. 293
Publications by Ahmad al-Tayyeb Aldj
Al-Barnît:a. Rabat: Mat:ba`a al-Ma`ârifa al-Djadîda, 2001.
Al-Mashrah: ba`ada al-Mut:laq: mumârasât, ishkaliyyât wa tatallu`ât, LAHBABI, Muhammad Aziz ed., Al-Masrah: al-Magribî bayna al-´ams wa-l-yawm. (Moroccan theater yesterday and today) Témara: Bayt ´Âl Muh:ammad `Azîz Lah:ababî, 1998, 43-50.
al-Sa'd. Rabat: al-Djama'iyya al-Magribiyya li-l-Ta´lîf wa-l-Tardjama wa-l-Nashr, 1986.
Al-´Ard wa-l-dhi´ âb: masrah:iyya fî qasmayn. Rabat: Wizâra al-Shu´űn, al-Thaqâfiyya, 1994.
Binâ´ al-wat:an. Rabat: Masrah: Muh:ammad al-Jâmis, 1988.
Du'â´ li-l-Quds. Rabat: s.e, 1980.
Yűhâ wa shadjara al-tufâh.'' Tánger : Wakâla Shirâ´li-l-Jidamât al-`Ilâm wa-l-Ittis:âl, 1997.
External links
Literatura Marroqui
Moroccan dramatists and playwrights
Moroccan male writers
Male dramatists and playwrights
1928 births
2012 deaths
The 2005-06 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, United Arab Emirates was held on the weekend of December 11, 2005 at the Dubai Autodrome.
Report
Practice
Qualifying
Session One of Qualifying was red-flagged after Salvador Durán of Mexico suffered a bad accident.
Sprint race
Main race
Results
Qualification
Qualification took place on Saturday, December 10, 2005.
Sprint Race Results
The Sprint Race took place on Sunday, December 11, 2005.
Main Race Results
The Main Race took place on Sunday, December 11, 2005.
Total Points
Fastest Lap: A1 Team Ireland (1'46.497 / 182.2 km/h, lap 3 of Main Race)
References
United Arab Emirates
A1 Grand Prix
Nicolas Henri René de Grimouard (Fontenay-le-Comte, 25 January 1743 – Rochefort, 7 February 1794) was an officer in the French Navy. They served in the War of American Independence, and became a member of the Society of the Cincinnati.
Career
Grimouard joined the Navy as a Garde-Marine in 1758. They served on Inflexible in 1759 under Conflans. In 1770, they were promoted to Ensign, and to Lieutenant in 1778. They took part in fixe cruises of the escadre d'évolution.
In 1779, Grimouard commanded the frigate Minerve. They captured the British Debora, and took part in the Battle of Grenada on 6 July 1779. That same year, they were made a Knight in the Order of Saint Louis.
In the action of 4 January 1781, Minerve was captured by HMS Courageux. Grimouard was wounded and taken prisoner, to be exchanged soon afterwards.
They took part to the capture of Tobago and the capture of Grenada under de Grasse. At the Battle of the Saintes, on 12 April 1782, Grimouard was first officer on Magnifique, under Macarty Macteigue.
They later took command of the 74-gun Scipion, and fought in the action of 18 October 1782, where they were wounded. Louis XVI made them a count after the battle, and commissioned a painting of the action from Rossel.
Grimouard was promoted to contre-amiral in July 1792, and was appointed commander of the naval forces in Brest. In January 1793, they were promoted to Vice-amiral.
During the Reign of Terror in the French Revolution, Grimouard was guillotined in Rochefort on 7 February 1794.
Sources and references
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External
French Navy officers
1743 births
1794 deaths
Bjarni Stefánsson (born 2 December 1950) is an Icelandic sprinter. They competed in the 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
1950 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Bjarni Stefansson
Bjarni Stefansson
Place of birth missing (living people)
Erythraean or Erythraian may refer to:
Eritrea
Erythraean Sibyl, the prophetess of classical antiquity presiding over the Apollonian oracle at Erythrae, a town in Ionia
Erythraean Sea, the name in ancient cartography for a body of water located between the Horn of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula, now identified as the Gulf of Aden
See also
Erythraea (disambiguation)
The Fischer House is a historic mansion in downtown Austin, Texas, United States, completed in 1882. Its builder, Joseph Fischer, was a prominent mason in Austin at the time, and its bold high Victorian era, Italianate architecture and ornamentation reflect their family's skill in the trade.
The home is located at 1008 West Avenue. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 16, 1982. The house is also a City of Austin Historic Landmark and is listed as the Burlage - Fischer House on that register.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Austin, Texas
Houses in Austin, Texas
Italianate architecture in Texas
Houses completed in 1882
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Texas
Recorded Texas Historic Landmarks
City of Austin Historic Landmarks
WWDG may refer to:
WWDG-CD, a low-power television station (channel 28, virtual 12) licensed to serve Rome, New York, United States
WCIS-FM, a radio station (105.1 FM) licensed to serve Deruyter, New York, which held the call sign WWDG from 2003 to 2009
Samuel Aruwan (born 10 May 1982) is a Nigerian journalist, and pioneer Commissioner for Kaduna State Ministry of Internal Security and Home Affairs.
Early life and education
Samuel Aruwan hails from Kabala West in Tudun Wada District, Kaduna South Local Government Area of Kaduna State, Nigeria.
Aruwan is a graduate of Mass Communication from Kaduna Polytechnic, Kaduna. In December 2002, they completed Basic and Second Level training on Alternatives to Violence Project Course (AVP) sponsored by International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) Geneva and Nigerian Red Cross Society. They also completed an in-depth course in Participatory Video by Insight International in collaboration with the Development Research Centre on Citizenship, Participation and Accountability, Institute of Development Studies, Sussex in October 2006. In 2012, they attended the African Investigative Journalism training at the University of the Witwatersrand, South Africa. They were one of the Nigerian journalists trained on countering religious extremism at the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change, London in 2014 and at Drew University's Institute on Religion and Conflict Transformation, New Jersey in 2016. In April 2021, they attended the Cranfield University's Continuing Professional Development course on Protecting Critical National Infrastructure (CNI)
Journalism and public service
 They are a professional journalist with over a decade experience before joining public service in 2015.
Their journalism career began as an intern at the New Nigerian Newspapers and Daily Independent Newspapers, after which they joined Leadership Newspapers Group where they progressed from reporter to bureau chief. In October 2011 they joined Blueprint Newspapers Limited as chief of the Kaduna bureau. In December 2014 they took a leave of absence to serve as spokesperson to Malam Nasir Ahmad el-Rufai, a governorship candidate in Kaduna State in the 2015 general elections.
In May 2015, Governor El-Rufai appointed them special assistant for media and publicity and official spokesperson of the Governor and Government of Kaduna State. In May 2017, they were promoted to senior special assistant for media and publicity.
Aruwan played a key role in the 2019 election campaigns and the successes in both the presidential and governorship elections.
Since 2015, they have been a member of Kaduna State Security Council, which comprises heads of all military, police and para-military agencies operating in the State.
On 12 July 2019, they took oath of office as a Commissioner and member of the Kaduna State Executive Council. Their key role is coordinating the internal security functions, and leading government policies on Internal security management of Kaduna state. In January 2021, Aruwan bagged the award of Crisis Manager of the Year at the annual Security and Emergency Management Awards (SAEMA) 2020.
References
1982 births
Living people
People from Kaduna
Nigerian journalists
Kaduna Polytechnic alumni
The 1964 Friuli-Venezia Giulia regional election took place on 10 May 1964. It was the first election ever. Proportional representation was used.
Events
Christian Democracy was by far the largest party, largely ahead of the Italian Communist Party which came second. After the election Christian Democrat Alfredo Berzanti formed a government which included the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and, since 1966, also the Italian Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party (organic Centre-left).
Results
Sources: Istituto Cattaneo and Cjargne Online
References
Elections in Friuli-Venezia Giulia
Friuli-Venezia Giulia regional election
Friuli-Venezia Giulia regional election
Originally used as landfill site for domestic waste, the land that is now known as Penny Pie Park is a large recreational playing field, open to the public .Now there is a large gyratery in most of the park. It is located in Pogmoor, Barnsley and is owned by the local council.
The park is approximately 350 metres by 250 metres in size and is bordered by various vegetation, including sycamore, willow and horsechestnut trees. A railway separates its northern edge from another council field which is situated opposite.
It contains multipurpose sports facilities and personal training fitness stations, as well as a vast area of green space, popular with runners and dog walkers.
It is often used as a site for pigeon fanciers to race pigeons, and as a landing site for hot air balloons and air ambulances.
The field also hosts the annual Barnsley Mini Olympics, where locals compete in Olympic style events during the summer.
THIS PAGE NEEDS UPDATING
References
Geography of Barnsley
Parks and open spaces in South Yorkshire
The mouse-colored antshrike (Thamnophilus murinus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The mouse-colored antshrike was described by the English ornithologists Philip Sclater and Osbert Salvin in 1868 and given its current binomial name Thamnophilus murinus.
References
mouse-colored antshrike
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
mouse-colored antshrike
mouse-colored antshrike
mouse-colored antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Roger Lawrence Bisby (born 16 November 1952) is an English television presenter, journalist and plumber, known for their YouTube channel Skill Builder and their expertise in the British building industry. They were the building expert on the long-running British consumer affairs television series Watchdog and then later Rogue Traders, both for the BBC.
Biography
Born in the City of London, one of six children to opera singer Charles Yates Bisby and their wife Jean Hazel Bisby, Bisby initially entered the building industry as an apprentice plumber. They went on to train as a college lecturer, and has also run their own building company for nearly 30 years.
Media career
In the last 30 years, Bisby has had a media career in many different areas. They have written articles and reviews for magazines and newspapers, had a series of DIY books published, appeared in television programmes, hosted radio shows, and more recently they have written a blog and started podcasting.
Publishing
Bisby entered journalism after sending an unsolicited article to a local paper as a PR exercise for their building company. Bisby worked on several building trade publications for Hamerville Publishing including Professional Builder magazine (for which they have been Products Editor for 16 years), Professional Electrician, Professional Heating and Plumbing Installer, and Professional Housebuilder and Property Developer. They have now left the print medium to concentrate on video production.
Published books include:
Marshall Cavendish DIY guides
Reader's Digest DIY Encyclopaedia
Fix It DIY
Here's How
The Knack
Plumbing and Central Heating, Hamlyn Practical DIY Guides
B&Q Best Way To Do It series
Radio
Bisby was the expert on LBC's Fix It Phones In which remained one of their most popular shows throughout its 15 years of broadcast. Bisby has also made guest appearances on talkSPORT, local BBC Radio and Capital FM.Radio 4 and Radio 2
Television
Their television work includes appearances as the resident expert on The Terrace (BBC), Watchdog (BBC), Rogue Traders (BBC) and Dirty Tricks of the Tradesmen (BBC).
Television appearances:
This Morning with Richard and Judy (ITV) - DIY Phone In
Good Morning with Anne and Nick (ITV) - DIY projects
Granada Television - DIY programmes
Watchdog (BBC) - resident building expert
Rogue Traders (BBC) - resident plumbing and heating expert
House of Horrors (ITV) - resident building expert
The Terrace (BBC) - resident building expert
BBC News - building industry pundit
Sky News - plumbing and heating expert
Dirty Tricks of the Tradesmen (BBC) - acting rogue tradesman
Corporate
Since 1992, Bisby has been involved in the production of corporate media as a writer, voiceover artist, presenter, advisor and producer.
Corporate work:
Worcester Bosch Group - Energy House, Boiler Installation Guides and Guide to Energy Efficiency
Wedi - Tile Backer and Fundo
Stanley Tools - Range Overview
Jeyes - Cleaning up in the Garden
Marshalls Paving - Range Guide
Alpha Tape - Alfa Tape Live Demonstration
Titan - Installing the Ecosafe
NuHeat Underfloor Heating - Installation Guide
DeWalt Powertools - Range Overview
Bosch Power tools - Getting the Job Done
Internet
More recently, Bisby has moved into New Media with their Self Build and DIY website and YouTube Channel Skill Builder, which they co-developed with Colchester-based production company Motion.
Personal life
Bisby enjoys cycling (at the age of 13 they cycled around Britain), travel, running and rock climbing. They also get involved in environmental clean-ups.
References
External links
www.skill-builder.uk - Skill Builder website
youtube.com/skillbuilderchannel - Skill Builder YouTube channel
www.switchonmk.com - Switch on to MK Podcast
English television presenters
English male journalists
English radio presenters
People from Reigate
1952 births
Living people
Brusnica is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 650 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Romana Hejdová (born 9 May 1988) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Czech women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of the Czech Republic
Basketball players at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Brno
Point guards
Shooting guards
Allameh Mohammad-Taqi Ja'fari () (15 August 1925 – 16 November 1998) was an Iranian scholar, philosopher, intellectual, and islamic theologist. Ja'fari was a Shia philosopher and thinker in the recent time. They were expert in various fields such as history, logic, metaphysics, philosophy, literature, mysticism, jurisprudence, and philosophy of science.
Biography
Mohammad-Taki Ja'fari was born on 1923 in Tabriz, Iran. They graduated from elementary studies in Tabriz and continued their education in the Talebieh Seminary. Mohammad-Taghi then went to Qom and Tehran Seminaries for benefiting from religious scholars of the time. Thereafter they left Iran for 11 years to attend the School of Theology in Najaf. They achieved their Ijtihad degree when they were 23 years old. Ja'fari returned to Iran and taught in Qom and Tehran.
Works
Interpretation and Criticism of Rumi's Masnavi (15 volumes)
Translation and Interpretation of the Nahj al-Balagha (27 volumes)
Pioneer Culture to the Rescue of Mankind
The Mystery of Life
The Conscience
Positive Mysticism
Imam Hossein's Prayers at the Arafat Desert (Arabic)
The Coordination between Science & Religion (Arabic)
The Conscience
Religion and Moral Ethics
Mabda' A'ala
From One Sea to Another (An Index to the Mathnavi, 4 volumes)
Three Poets – Hafiz, Sa'di and Nizami
An Analysis of Khayyam's Personality
An Interpretation, Review and Analysis of Rumi's Mathnavi
Rumi and Ideologies
What Makes Rumi's Words So Fascinating
The Relationship between Man and the Universe
Ideals of Life and the Ideal Life
Philosophy and Aim of Life
Man and Creation
Man in Elevating, Evolution Life
Man Seen in the Koran
Motion and change as seen in the koran
A Study and Critique of David Hume's Thoughts on Four Philosophical Issues
A Study and Critique of the Russell-Wyatt Dialog
A Study and Critique of Selected Thoughts of Bertrand Russell
A Study and Critique of The Adventures of Ideas
Human Rights from Islamic and Western Viewpoints
Islam's Political Philosophy
Mysticism and Gnostics
Positive Mysticism
A Legal and Jurisprudential Study of the Human Genome Project
Speculative (Systematic) Theology and Its Modern Forms
Fatalism and Free Will
The Philosophy of Religion
Jurisprudential Sources
Al-reza'a
Worship and Wisdom in Islamic Jurisprudence
Ta'avon –uddin val-elm
Nahayat-ol-edrak al-vaqe'ee bain-ol-phalsafat-ol-qadima va al-hadisa
A Study of the Philosophy of Science
Science and Religion in Reasonable Life
Recognition and Knowledge Seen in Science and the Koran
Al-amr Bain-ol-amrain
Fatalism and Free Will
The Philosophy of Religion
Imam Hossein's Prayers at the Arafat Desert
Imam Hossein, the Martyr of Human Pioneer Culture
A Complete Translation of the Nahj-ol-balaqeh
The Exploration of Thoughts (2 volumes)
In Presence of Wisdom
Reasonable Life
A Compilation of Articles
The Message of Wisdom
Pioneer Culture to the Rescue of Mankind
The Mystery of Life
A Plan for Cultural Revolution
Death
Mohammad-Taqi Ja'fari died in London on 16 November 1998 and was buried in Mashhad in the vicinity of Imam Reza Shrine.
References
Iranian Shia scholars of Islam
Iranian Shia clerics
Iranian translators
20th-century Muslim theologians
People from Tabriz
1925 births
1998 deaths
20th-century translators
Recipients of the Order of Knowledge
20th-century Iranian philosophers
Burials in Mashhad
"Backstreet Pickup" is a song by Australian hard rock band, the Angels, released in July 1990 as the third single from their ninth studio album Beyond Salvation. The song peaked at number 23 on the ARIA Charts and reached number 29 on the Recorded Music NZ chart.
Track listing
Mushroom (K 10131)
Backstreet Pickup (Doc Neeson, Bob Spencer, Richard Brewster, James Morley, Terry Manning) - 4:27
Take It Easy (Spencer, Neeson, R Brewster, Manning) - 6:05
Fashion And Fame (Live) (Neeson, John Brewster, R Brewster) - 4:49
Love Takes Care (Live) (Neeson, J Brewster, R Brewster) - 4:41
Personnel
Doc Neeson – lead vocals
Rick Brewster – lead guitar
Bob Spencer – rhythm guitar, backing vocals
James Morley – bass guitar, backing vocals
Brent Eccles – drums
Production
Terry Manning - producers (tracks: 1 & 2)
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
The Angels (Australian band) songs
Mushroom Records singles
1990 songs
1990 singles
Songs written by Doc Neeson
Ben Young is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer and superbike racer from Scotland now lives in Collingwood, Ontario, Canada. They won the 2019 Canadian Superbike Championship aboard their BMW S1000RR.
Career statistics
By class
Canadian Superbike Championship
MotoAmerica
British Superbike Championship
Moto GP
References
External links
Rider website
Profile on csbk.com
Profile on motogp.com
Profile on fogi.us
Scottish motorcycle racers
People from Bathgate
Motorsport in Canada
Motorcycle racing in Canada
1993 births
Living people
John Dorsey may refer to:
John Dorsey (American football) (born 1960), former American football player
John Dorsey is a pseudonym of voice actor, James Carter Cathcart
John Lloyd Dorsey Jr. (1891–1960), Representative from the U.S. state of Kentucky
John M. Dorsey (1900–1978), author, psychiatrist and educator
John H. Dorsey (1937–2018), American attorney and politician in New Jersey
John W. Dorsey (1936–2014), University of Maryland, College Park administrator
Jack Dorsey (born 1976), inventor of Twitter
USS Dorsey (DD-117), a Wickes-class destroyer in the United States Navy
Lahiru Weragala (born 12 March 1989) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.  They are a right-handed batsman and slow left-arm bowler who plays for Chilaw Marians. They were born in Colombo.
Weragala, who has two Youth Test appearances from a 2007 Indian tour of Sri Lanka, and who has appeared regularly for the Chilaw Marians Under-23 team since September 2007, made their List A debut during the 2009-10 season, against Sri Lanka Army.
External links
Lahiru Weragala at CricketArchive
1989 births
Living people
Sri Lankan cricketers
Chilaw Marians Cricket Club cricketers
Cricketers from Colombo
Parenion is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There are at least three described species in Parenion, found in Australasia.
Species
These three species belong to the genus Parenion:
Parenion beelaronga Austin & Dangerfield, 1992 (Australia)
Parenion bootha Austin & Dangerfield, 1992 (Australia)
Parenion kokodana (Wilkinson, 1936) (Australia, Papua New Guinea)
References
Microgastrinae
Players is a 1979 American romance drama film directed by Anthony Harvey and starring Ali MacGraw and Dean Paul Martin, about a young tennis player who has an affair with an older woman.
The film became known as a "disaster".
Premise
A rising tennis star falls in love with an older woman, a jet-setter who's involved with a millionaire, while playing in the Wimbledon championships.
Cast
Ali MacGraw as Nicole Boucher
Dean Paul Martin as Chris Christensen
Maximilian Schell as Marco
Steve Guttenberg as Randy
Pancho Gonzalez as Himself
Guillermo Vilas as Himself
Ilie Năstase as Himself
John McEnroe as Himself
Production
Development
The film was a passion project of producer Robert Evans, who was an enthusiastic tennis player. They made it under their independent deal with Paramount, where they had been head of production. Evans hired Arnhold Schulman to write a script. There were over 16 drafts. "I had a bitter dispute with the writer", said Evans.
Schulman later recalled:
I got in my contract all of the Dramatist Guild guarantees: I had approval of the director, not a word [of the script] could be changed without my consent, and so forth. Immediately after I finished the screenplay, Bob Evans sent me on a wild goose chase to Rome to cast a part they had already cast—I found out months later—with Max Schell. When I got back, I found out that six or seven writers were working on different versions of the script, all at the same time with none of them knowing about the other.
It was known during production as Getting Off. Anthony Harvey and Robert Evans began scouting locations in Mexico in April 1978.
Evans wanted the male lead to be played by someone who was a top level tennis player and could act. In May 1978, Evans announced that the role would be played by Dean-Paul Martin, son of Dean Martin, who played at Wimbledon as well as professionally for the Phoenix Racquets of World Team Tennis. "He's the next Robert Redford", said Evans. "It's one of the best screen tests I've ever seen." Martin was reluctant to act but said yes "because Bob assured me this was the first film in Hollywood history with this kind of money behind which would show tennis in a totally authentic and good light."
Evans signed Martin to a six-picture contract. They learned about camera technique over several weeks with actor Tony Franciosa.
MacGraw's fee was $500,000. They had only appeared in four movies but they had all been hits. They were Evans' ex-wife and the two, who shared a son, had remained close. "She was the best person for the role", said Evans.
Shooting
Filming began shooting in London on 29 June 1978. It includes a scene shot during the 1978 Wimbledon Championships: prior to the start of the ladies' final between Martina Navratilova and Chris Evert, the production filmed Dean-Paul Martin and Guillermo Vilas walking onto Centre Court and bowing to Princess Margaret and the Duchess of Kent in the Royal Box. Additional filming took place in Mexico, Las Vegas, Monte Carlo and Los Angeles. Shooting had to be suspended at one point when Martin fell ill.
Schulman recalled:
The company went to Mexico [for the filming], and I couldn't get Evans to show me the dailies. I said, "Bob, you have no right to do this. Look at your contract." They said, "Sue me!" That was the end of that. I had these things in writing, and they meant nothing!... I did sue him. But I couldn't take my name off the screen. You can't take your name off the screen if you're paid a certain amount of money, unless the studio agrees beforehand—and they're not going to agree, because if word gets out the writer took their name off, the picture gets a bad name.
Schulman says "Not a word" of the script was their "but I got the credit, the money, and even the credit of executive producer once again, and from the outside, it looks as though I was totally in charge."
By July the title was changed to Players.
"I honestly believe no one's ever made a more realistic film about a sport", said Evans.
Reception
Critical
Vincent Canby of The New York Times called it "the sort of movie in which the actors serve the function of scenery. They are nice to look at but it's not really possible to identify with a tree or even a lilac bush. Mr. Schulman's dialogue doesn't help, nor does the direction by Anthony Harvey ('A Lion in Winter'), who never discovers a source of narrative energy to compensate for the emptiness of the characters." Dale Pollock of Variety wrote, "Another love story in disguise, this time backgrounded against the tennis world, 'Players' is disqualified by exec producer Arnold Schulman's wobbly script, a simpering performance by Ali MacGraw, and a preponderance of tennis footage."
Gene Siskel of the Chicago Tribune gave the film 2.5 stars out of 4 and wrote, "The problem with the script is that both characters are totally unlikable. These are the sort of selfish, me-centered characters we suspect populate Beverly Hills and environs, people interested only in cars, clothes, sex, and money."
Charles Champlin of the Los Angeles Times wrote, "Unfortunately, it is much better on court than on courtship ... After one amusing scene when they meet, there is scarcely a line that does not sound as if it were something being read aloud, rather than thought or felt and said."
Brendan Gill of The New Yorker wrote, "Verisimilitude is achieved during the tennis sequences by furnishing them with people borrowed from real life; those sequences aside, there is little real life to be found in 'Players,' thanks in part to an ill-written script by Arnold Schulman and in part to the incompetence of its star, Ali MacGraw, who is very good-looking and is unable to recite even the simplest lines with conviction."
Gary Arnold of The Washington Post wrote, "As certain to be laughed off the screen and written off financially as 'Hurricane,' another Paramount loser, 'Players' should clinch MacGraw's reputation as the most ridiculous leading lady of the '70s. But the folly is not theirs alone. What prompted producer Robert Evans, director Anthony Harvey and screenwriter Arnold Schulman to foist on anyone a love story as unformed and uninteresting as 'Players' (definitely not to be confused with the Don De Lillo novel of the same title)?"
Schulman ran a full-page ad in the trade papers denying responsibility with the film. "Everybody laughed, and I didn't work for three years", they say.
Quentin Tarantino later wrote the "film was ridiculed by critics and dismissed by audiences when it came out back in 1979. But as a Hollywood tennis sports movie it's pretty good" claiming Martin's "tennis is terrific, and while I didn't necessarily need to see them star in anything else, as a tennis pro he's pretty... convincing."
References
External links
1979 films
1979 romantic drama films
American romantic drama films
Films scored by Jerry Goldsmith
Films directed by Anthony Harvey
Films produced by Robert Evans
Films set in London
Films shot in London
Films shot in Mexico
Paramount Pictures films
Tennis films
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
Leta Lindley (born June 1, 1972) is an American professional golfer who captured their first LPGA Tour title after 15 years on tour at the 2008 LPGA Corning Classic.
Lindley, whose first golf job was painting stripes on range balls as an 11-year-old, has had a long and successful career in the game. After graduating from the University of Arizona in 1994 with a degree in communications, Lindley turned pro in 1995. They rank among the top 60 all-time LPGA money winners, despite having only one win. Lindley's husband, Matt Plagmann, caddies for her; their son Cole, and daughter Reese travel with the couple. The whole family was on the 18th green to celebrate their hard-earned victory at the 2008 Corning Classic after 295 LPGA Tour starts.
Professional wins (1)
LPGA Tour (1)
LPGA Tour playoff record (1–1)
External links
Adopt-A-Player profile on 2008 U.S. Women's Open official site
American female golfers
Arizona Wildcats women's golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
Golfers from Phoenix, Arizona
Golfers from Florida
People from Palm Beach Gardens, Florida
1972 births
Living people
Muḥammad ibn ʿAlī ibn Abī Ṭālib () also known as Muḥammad ibn al-Ḥanafīyya () (15 AH – 81 AH; AD 637 – 700) and surnamed Abū al-Qāsim. They were the third son of Ali ibn Abi Talib (the fourth rightly-guided caliph and the first Shia Imam).
Biography
Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyya (Muhammad al-Akbar) was born in Medina about AD 633 (though also said to be during Umar's era), the third of Ali's sons. They were called Ibn al-Hanafiyya after their mother, Khawla bint Ja'far; they were known as Hanafiyya, "the Hanafi woman", after their tribe Banu Hanifa. After the death of Muhammad, the people of Yamama were declared apostates by the Muslims for refusing to pay the zakat (religious tax); the men were killed (see Ridda Wars), and the women were taken to Medina as slaves, Khawla bint Ja'far among them. When their tribesmen found out, they approached Ali and asked them to save them from slavery and to protect their family's honor and prestige. Consequently, Ali ibn Abi Talib purchased her, set their free, and, after the passing away of Fatima, married them Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyya was the only child of Khawla bint Ja'far. During their father's lifetime they distinguished themselves for piety, rectitude, and courage and effectiveness in war. During Ali's caliphate at Kufa they were one of the caliph's four chief lieutenants. They particularly distinguished themselves at the battles of Jamal and Siffin. During the Battle of Siffin, Ali described ibn al-Hanafiyya as their hand due to their bravery and strength while fighting.
When Husayn, then in Mecca, was considering the expedition to Kufa that ended at Karbala, Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyya advised them not to go, pointing out that the men of Kufa had betrayed and turned against their father Ali and their brother Hasan ibn Ali, and saying that they feared that they would betray Husayn as well. Husayn replied that they feared that if they stayed in Mecca, Yazid ibn Mu'awiya would have them killed there, and violate the sanctity of the Holy City. Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyya then urged them to go instead to Yemen, where they could indefinitely elude an army. The next day Husayn replied that their grandfather Muhammad had appeared to them in a dream and required them to undertake this sacrificial expedition.
After Husayn and so many of their kinsmen died at Karbala and the young Ali ibn Husayn Zayn al-Abidin adopted a life of retirement and prayer, Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyya became the visible head of the house of Ali (see Kaysanites). It was in their name that Al-Mukhtar rebelled in Kufa in 685. In the hajj of 688, four men led their respective followers in the rites of pilgrimage, claiming the headship of Islam. One was Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyya, leading the Shi'ites. The others were Abd Allah ibn al-Zubayr, who ruled in Mecca; Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan, the Umayyad, who ruled in Damascus; and Najda ibn Amir al-Hanafi, leader of the Kharijites.
Ibn al-Hanafiyya was called "the Mahdi," "the rightly-guided," which then was simply a pledge of confidence in their knowledge, character, and judgment over those of the rival caliphs. In 692 they traveled to Damascus and swore allegiance to Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan. In 700 they died in Medina, but thereafter a legend grew up that they were not dead, but living in seclusion on Mount Radwa near Medina, protected and fed by wild animals, and that they would, in God's good time, return to establish justice and true religion in the world. Thus arose the legend of the Mahdi as savior.
Succession and legacy
After Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyya died, their son Abu Hashim claimed the imamate. After their death the Abbasids claimed that on their deathbed Abu Hashim nominated their distant cousin Muhammad ibn Ali ibn Abd Allah ibn Abbas ibn Abd al-Muttalib ibn Hashim as the imam. This man's son Abu al-Abbas Abd Allah as-Saffah became the first Abbasid caliph, repudiating Shi'ism, which effectively extinguished the sect that had recognized Muhammad ibn al-Hanafiyya as an imam.
Their ancestors and family tree
References
External links
Tabi‘un
630s births
700 deaths
Children of Ali
Arab princes
7th-century Arabs
Mahdism
Helluopapua is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:
Helluopapua cheesmani Darlington, 1971
Helluopapua toxopei Darlington, 1968
References
Anthiinae (beetle)
John T. Bush (April 16, 1811 Fort Ann, Washington County, New York – November 10, 1888) was an American lawyer, business person and politician from New York.
Life
They began to practice law in Tonawanda, New York in 1836, and the next year became a Justice of the Peace. They were a member of the New York State Assembly (Erie Co.) in 1845 and 1846. On October 1, 1846, they married Mary Owen Ford, and they had four daughters. They were a member of the New York State Senate (31st D.) in 1848 and 1849.
On March 26, 1851, they received a recess appointment by President Millard Fillmore as U.S. Marshal for the Northern District of New York, was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on January 15, 1852, and remained in office until April 1853 when they resigned. In 1854, they removed to Niagara Falls, New York, and built the "International Hotel" there. In 1864, they bought the Zimmerman estate in Clifton Hill, Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada, built the "Clifton Place" mansion, and went to live there. In 1867, they became the first President of the Clifton Suspension Bridge Company in the United States; and in 1868, they were among the incorporators of the Clifton Suspension Bridge Company in Canada.
Assemblyman William T. Bush was their brother.
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough (pages 136, 139, 230f and 263; Weed, Parsons and Co., 1858)
List of U.S. Marshals, New York
Sale of the Clifton House, Niagara Falls, New York Times, September 11, 1864
New Suspension Bridge at Niagara in The Railway News (issue of June 8, 1867; p. 570)
Statutes of the Province of Ontario (1868; pg. 208f)
Obituary, copied at RootsWeb
Bissell - Bush (his daughter Annie's marriage), New York Times, June 12, 1892
1811 births
1888 deaths
Members of the New York State Assembly
New York (state) state senators
New York (state) Whigs
19th-century American politicians
People from Fort Ann, New York
People from Tonawanda, New York
Politicians from Niagara Falls, New York
United States Marshals
The Caribou Kitchen is a 1995 CITV animated television series, aimed particularly at pre-school children, which is about an anthropomorphic caribou named Claudia who runs a restaurant in the fictional town of Barkabout which serves a number of talking animal guests, including Mrs Panda, Caroline the Cow, Gerald the Giraffe and Taffy the Tiger. Other recurring supporting characters included the chef Abe the Anteater, and waiters Lisa the Lemur and Tom the Tortoise. Each of the 52 episodes lasts 10 minutes and intends to teach its pre-school audiences important lessons. Narration and character voices are provided by Kate Robbins in the UK. The rights to the show are owned by Universal Television, the current successor of Entertainment Rights.
Characters
Claudia the Caribou (title character)
Caroline the Cow
Mrs Panda
Taffy the Tiger
Cyril the Squirrel
Abe the Anteater (the cook)
Lisa the Lemur (the waiter)
Kevin the Chameleon
Tom the Tortoise (the waiter)
Hector the Hippopotamus
Godfrey the Goat
Helen the Hamster
Betty the Beaver
Flora the Frog
Sophie the Swallow
Penelope the Porcupine
Gerald the Giraffe
Season 1 (1995)
Season 2 (1995)
International releases
References
External links
1990s British animated television series
1995 British television series debuts
1998 British television series endings
British children's animated television shows
Fictional restaurants
ITV children's television shows
Television series about deer and moose
Television series by STV Studios
Television series by Universal Television
is a railway station in Saka, Aki District, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Kure Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1999
International Renewable Energy Alliance (REN Alliance) is a formal partnership entered into on 4 June 2004 by five non-profit international renewable energy organisations:
International Hydropower Association (IHA),
International Solar Energy Society (ISES),
International Geothermal Association (IGA),
World Wind Energy Association (WWEA),
World Bioenergy Association (WBA). (Since June 2009)
They represent the hydro, geothermal, solar, and wind power/energy and bioenergy sector. The alliance provides a unified cross-sectoral voice on renewable energy in international and regional energy fora and media.
Climate change concerns, coupled with high oil prices, peak oil, and increasing government support, are driving increasing renewable energy legislation, incentives and commercialization. As of 2011, 119 countries have some form of national renewable energy policy target or renewable support policy. National targets now exist in at least 98 countries. There is also a wide range of policies at state/provincial and local levels.
, the honorary chairperson of the REN Alliance is former Australian senator Peter Rae, who was previously also chairperson of Hydro Tasmania.
See also
Bioenergy
Geothermal energy
Hydropower
List of notable renewable energy organizations
Solar energy
Wind energy
World Council for Renewable Energy (WCRE)
International Solar Alliance
References
International renewable energy organizations
Pampadromaeus is an extinct genus of basal sauropodomorph dinosaurs known from the Late Triassic (Carnian) Santa Maria Formation of the Paraná Basin in Rio Grande do Sul, southern Brazil.
Discovery
Pampadromaeus is known only from the holotype specimen ULBRA-PVT016, a disarticulated, partial but well preserved skeleton from a single individual which includes most of the skull bones and the lower jaws; dorsal, sacral and caudal vertebrae; elements of the shoulder girdle and the forelimbs, an ilium and elements of the hindlimbs. It was collected in the upper Hyperodapedon biozone from the Alemoa Member of the Santa Maria Formation (Rosário do Sul Group) in the "Janner" (also known as "Várzea do Agudo") locality, geopark of Paleorrota, dating to the Carnian faunal stage of the early Late Triassic, about 230–228 million years ago. A U-Pb (uranium decay) dating found that the Santa Maria Formation dated around 233.23 million years ago, putting it 1.5 million years older than the Ischigualasto Formation, and making the two formations approximately equal as the earliest dinosaur localities.
Description
Pampadromaeus was a small bipedal animal. It shows a mosaic of basal and derived traits. It differs from other sauropodomorphs by a combination of characters. Some of these are shared with members of the Theropoda: the premaxilla is pointed downwards forming a subnarial gap with the maxilla and the anterior-most teeth are unserrated; in the location where with theropods the fenestra promaxillaris is positioned, a small depression is present. Basal traits consist of a large skull, a short thighbone, the possession of just two sacral vertebrae and the presence of fifteen teeth in the pterygoid.
There were four teeth in the premaxilla and about twenty in both the maxilla and the lower jaw for a total of eighty-eight. The teeth were large, elongated, lanceolate, slightly recurved, sharply pointed and coarsely serrated. The lower leg was much longer than the thighbone, indicating Pampadromaeus was a good runner.
Etymology
Pampadromaeus was first named by Sergio F. Cabreira, Cesar L. Schultz, Jonathas S. Bittencourt, Marina B. Soares, Daniel C. Fortier, Lúcio R. Silva and Max C. Langer in 2011 and the type species is Pampadromaeus barberenai. The generic name is derived from Quechua pampa, "plain", in reference to the present landscape of the site, and Greek δρομεύς, dromeus, "runner", referring to the cursorial habits; the Latinised spelling variant dromaeus is used. The specific name honours the Brazilian paleontologist Mário Costa Barberena.
Phylogeny
Pampadromaeus was found to be a basal sauropodomorph in four different cladistic analyses. The describers emphasized however, that this position was not strongly supported, showing the difficulties of determining the affinities of such early forms with the basal Dinosauromorpha, Saurischia, Sauropodomorpha and Theropoda.
References
Bibliography
Sauropodomorphs
Prehistoric tetrapod genera
Carnian genera
Late Triassic dinosaurs of South America
Triassic Brazil
Fossils of Brazil
Santa Maria Formation
Fossil taxa described in 2011
Thure E. Cerling (born 1949) is a Distinguished Professor of Geology and Geophysics and a Distinguished Professor of Biology at the University of Utah. Cerling is a leading expert in the evolution of modern landscapes including modern mammals and their associated grassland ecologies and stable isotope analyses of the atmosphere. Cerling lives in Salt Lake City, Utah.
"A single hair can determine a person's location during the past weeks or even years" – Thure E. Cerling
Cerling's research interests are primarily focused on Earth surface geochemistry processes and on the geological record of ecological change. Particularly, working on conservation biology, Cerling has analyzed the modern animal diet and physiology by using stable isotopes as natural tracers as well as studying dietary changes of different mammalian lineages extending over millions of years.
Emphasizing continental ecologies of lakes and modern soils and ecosystems, Cerling has written extensievely about the evolution of ecosystems, the inception and strengthening of monsoons, and the atmosphere over geological time scales through evidence gathered about the fractionation of stable istopes in these systems.
Current research work includes a focus on the development of landforms in semi-arid regions, the geology of Old World paleo-anthropologic sites and on contaminant migration in surface and ground waters, including the use of tritium and helium as hydrological tracers.
Together with James Ehleringer, they established the Stable Isotope Biogeochemistry and Ecology (IsoCamp) summer course at the University of Utah, which "trains students in the fundamental environmental and biological theory underlying isotope fractionation processes across a broad spectrum of ecological and environmental applications".
Early life
Thure E. Cerling received their Bachelor of Science degree in geology and chemistry from Iowa State University, in Ames, Iowa, in 1972, and, in 1973, their Master of Science in geology from Iowa State. In 1977 they were awarded a Ph.D. in geology from the University of California at Berkeley. From 1977 to 1979 they worked as a research scientist at Oak Ridge National Laboratory and, from 1979 they have been a member of the University of Utah's faculty.
Global ecological changes
With the publication of "Expansion of C4 ecosystems as an indicator of global ecological change in the late Miocene" in 1993, Cerling, helped by Yang Wang and Jay Quade, made relevant studies relatively to carbon isotopes. Thanks to a deep analysis of palaeovegetation from palaeosols and palaeodiet measured in fossil tooth enamel, was demonstrated a global increase in the biomass of plants using C4 photosynthesis between 7 and 5 million years ago. The decrease of atmospheric concentrations over the history below a threshold that favored the C3-photosynthesizing plants was considered as a valid reason for the global expansion of C4 biomass.
The publication "Global vegetation change through the Miocene/Pliocene boundary" in 1997 confirmed these results, demonstrating even how at lower latitudes the change appeared to occur earlier because of the threshold for C3 photosynthesis is higher at warmer temperatures.
Give me a hair and I'll tell you where you have been.
Thure Cerling and James Ehleringer, a biology professor at the University of Utah, founded Isoforensics in 2003, a company with the aim of interpreting the stable isotope composition of various biological and synthetic materials. This was the first step for the discovery they made which was first published on February 25, 2008, by the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" with the title "Hydrogen and oxygen isotope ratios in human hair are related to geography".
To know where people have been and where they lived for a while are information that became available by analyzing the stable isotope composition of their scalp hair. Cerling discovered that a strand of hair could provide valuable clues about a person's travels by studying the variation of hydrogen-2 (δ2H) and oxygen-18 (δ18O) isotopes and comparing them to the ones in the drinking water. The extent of the information that can be deduced depends on the length of the hair: the longer is the hair, the greater is the extraction of information. The variation with geography of isotope concentrations is linked with precipitations, cloud temperatures and with the amount of water that evaporates from soil and plants. When clouds move off the ocean towards inland the ratios of oxygen-18 to oxygen-16 and hydrogen-2 to hydrogen-1 tend to decrease because of the rain water with oxygen-18 and hydrogen-2, being heavier, tends to fall first.
Samples of tap water were collected from more than 600 cities across the United States as well as hair samples from the barbershops in 65 cities in 20 states. The comparison showed that both hair and drinking water samples had the same isotopic variations. In order to display this information, the scientists produced color-coded maps based on the correlation of the isotopes in hair to those in drinking water. These maps show how ratios of hydrogen and oxygen isotopes in scalp hair vary in different areas of the United States. It was so proved that the water drank by a human being leaves in the hair an evidence which contain oxygen and hydrogen isotopes equal to the ones in the tap water.
This technique would have been a new tool for police officers, anthropologists, archaeologists and doctors.
The elephant tail hair: how many things they can say!
Professor Cerling, helped by James Ehleringer and Christopher Remien (two University of Utah colleagues), George Wittemyer of Colorado State University and member of "Save the Elephants" in Nairobi, and Iain Douglas-Hamilton, who founded the association "Save the Elephants", conducted research around the Samburu and Buffalo Springs national reserves in northern Kenya analyzing carbon and other stable isotopes in elephant tail hair to discover where and what Victoria, Anastasia and Cleopatra, three daughters of a mother elephant named Queen Elizabeth, usually eat over a six-years period (2000–2006). In order to monitor their life, the elephants were equipped with a Global Positioning System that recorded their positions every hour for the whole research period. For getting the sample of tail hair, elephants were immobilized with drug-filled dart guns when necessary. Considering that the hair grows about an inch per month, a single hair contained isotopic information to diet during an 18-month period.
Wet and dry seasons: different responses
The analysis of ratios of carbon-13 to carbon-12 along the length of a single elephant hair led Cerling and their crew to understand the elephants' diet. During the wet season, after the grass had grown long enough for elephants to grab with their trunks, their tail hair showed the presence of different form of carbon, indicating a high amount of high-protein grass. On the other hand, during the dry season, the results obtained by the analysis of the hair pointed out how elephants had switched over to shrubs and trees.
Birth and Cattle
For what concern the Samburu-Buffalo Springs, five weeks after the rainy season had started, the grass became rich in nutrients and the females were most likely to conceive, giving birth 22 months later, just in time for another rainy season to provide nutrients to the grass they would have eaten: the cycle could restart.
The research also pointed out how developed is the competition between elephants and cattle: during the typical wet season diet of elephants, the overgrazing by cattle caused the grass to be very short, resulting in limited access to it for elephants, out-competing them. This situation could have influenced the elephants' ability to bulk up for pregnancy.
Behavior
All these analyses pointed out even that there are some elephant families friendlier than others and showed how there are dominant families that settle down in the best places, where there is plenty of food and water.
Publications by Cerling
Thure Cerling; Iain Douglas-Hamilton; Lee Siegel: "Elephant Tracks" University of Utah News Release, January 2, 2006.
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Geochemistry
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
University of Utah faculty
Iowa State University alumni
UC Berkeley College of Letters and Science alumni
Oak Ridge National Laboratory people
Bryant Hall Building was a Manhattan edifice erected in 1820 at 725–727 Sixth Avenue, between 41st Street and 42nd Street. House numbers on that avenue were later revised; the current building on the lot is 1095 Avenue of the Americas. Known as Trainors' Hall at first, it was also called Lyric Hall. A well-known landmark of midtown Manhattan, the building was enlarged in 1840 and renamed Lyric Hall. From 1914 - 1934 its ground floor was occupied by a Horn & Hardart restaurant. It was remodeled under the supervision of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania architect Ralph B. Bencker.
History
Laura Cuppa Smith, a California resident, spoke on the subject of "Modern Religion: What Is Its Value?" at Bryant Hall Building on February 11, 1872.
The edifice was noted for holding wedding receptions and balls. Tompson and Peet were among the early lessees, followed by Terhune and Robas. Bryant Hall Building was badly burned in July 1888, when a fire began in John Simpson's dry goods store on the ground level.
Lyric Hall was host to a "testimonial," on October 5, 1892, by Ida B. Wells who spoke on lynching in the Southern states. Ms. Wells was a regular columnist for the New York Age, one of the most prominent African-American newspapers of the day. In their autobiography, Crusade for Justice, they described the occasion as "the greatest demonstration ever attempted by race women for one of their numbers."
Late in the 19th century the area became associated with crime and vice and was called the Tenderloin, Manhattan.
A ten-round boxing match between Joe Jeanette and Sam McVey was sponsored by the National Sporting Club of America on April 15, 1907. McVey was the first opponent James J. Jeffries faced in their career.
Grace Leroy, 19, was shot and killed during a Fashion Ball at Bryant Hall Building on January 3, 1910. They were the accidental victim of a gang feud in which revolver shots were fired in the café which adjoined the dance hall.
Remodeling
The antiquated condition of Bryant Hall Building led to its remodeling and conversion into a single story structure in 1934. The upper floors, except for its walls and roof, were removed. Columns were then raised on the ground floor to support a new roof. Upon the columns the steel work for the roof and sign supports was installed. Steel girders and beams were run through the old walls, which were two feet thick in some places. Finally a terra cotta front was installed. The single story structure then measured twenty feet in height. The restaurant was kept open while the remodeling progressed.
References
1820 establishments in New York (state)
Demolished buildings and structures in Manhattan
Commercial buildings completed in 1820
Sixth Avenue
Bryant Park buildings
Hedehusene is a suburban town located on the rail line between Copenhagen and Roskilde in the Capital Region of Denmark. It has absorbed the villages of Baldersbrønde and Fløng and almost merged with Roskilde's eastern Trekroner neighbourhood to the west and Høje Taastrup to the east. To the south is the large recreational area Hedeland. As of 1 January 2022, the town had a population of 13,663. A large development project, NærHeden, created as a collaboration between Høje-Taastrup Municipality and Realdania, will expand the town to the southeast with a new sustainable neighbourhood.
History
The flat and fertile moraine landscape between Roskilde, Køge and Copenhagen was since the Middle Ages known as Hedeboegnen or simply Heden ("The Heath"). The name was merely a reference to the flat and open character of the landscape at a time when much of Denmark was covered by forest while it was not covered by heath in the ecological sense of the word. Villages in the area included Fløng, Kallerrup, Baldersbrønde and Marbjerg.
A road had since the 13th century connected Copenhagen and Roskilde. In 1641, Christian IV ordered the construction of a new, private road, Roskilde Kongevej, a so-called kongevej, which was completed in 1642. A house known as Kongens Hedehus ("The King's Heath House"), often referred to simply as Hedehuset ("The Heath House") built for a Vogt (foged) who was responsible for overseeing that only royalty or people authorized by the king used the road. They were instructed to prosecute trespassers and shoot their horses. A special key was made for the gate at the Heath House and another one for the gate at Røde Port ("Red Gate") in Roskilde. The house was located where Tværvej 1 in Hedehusene is today.
In 1658, the Heath House was converted into an inn after the road was opened to other travellers at the end of the Swedish Wars. It was joined by two more inns at the site in 1682 and 1702. They initially operated without licenses since they were located too close to Roskilde to obtain a royal privilege. From 1733, they were licensed on condition that all beer and Akvavit was purchased in Roskilde and that they paid a tax of 4 rigsdaler to the city. Roskilde Kongevej gradually fell into despair and two of the inns had to close when the new Roskildevej opened in 1776.
Hedehusene Station opened when the Copenhagen–Roskilde Railway Line was inaugurated in 1847. The station was only built because the steam locomotives had to make frequent stops for water. In 1892, one of the local farms, Hedehusgården, was purchased by an engineer who established several gravel pits on the land. Hedehus Brickyard was founded by F. L. Schmidt in 1896. Danmark closed in 1970 and Hedehus Brickyard in 1980.
From the 187+s, considerable redevelopment of the area has taken place with housing.
NærHeden development project
A new neighbourhood, Nærheden, is planned in the southwestern outskirts of Hedehusene. It is the result of a collaboration between Høje-Taastrup Municipality and Realdania and will consist approximately 4,500 homes. The competition to design the masterplan was won by a team led by Arkitema Architects in 2014. The plan includes a number of varied housing clusters and public spaces arranged along a recreational loop.
Economy
Hedehusene is home to several large companies. Rockwool International is a major manufacturer of mineral wool. The logistics company DSV moved its global headquarters to Hedehusene in 2014. It consists of a office building and a logistics terminal.
Landmarks
Churches
There are two churches in Hedehusene. Fløng Church dates from the middle of the 12th century and was built by members of the Snubbe family, a branch of the powerful Hvide dynasty residing at Bytteborg. The church originally consisted of chancel and nave under a flat roof. The tower was already added to its western end in approximately 1200. The height of the tower was increased with 19 metres in the 16th century. A porch was also constructed on the north side and a new roof with cross vaults was added. The original chancel was torn down in about 1500.
Ansgar's Church in the modern part of Hedehusene was inaugurated in 1921. It was designed by Frederik Appel.
The Kallerup Stone
The cemetery at Ansgar's Church features the Kallerup Stone, one of the oldest runestones found in Denmark. It dates from the early Viking period (c. 800 to 825) and was discovered by a stonemason on a field at Kallerup in 1869.
Hedeland
The vast recreational area Hedeland has an area of 15 square kilometres. It is home to a wide selection of recreational facilities, including a golf course, a kart circuit, a vintage railway, equestrian centre, amphi theatre, ski hill and fishing ponds.
Transport
Hedehusene station is served by regional trains between Copenhagen and Ringsted. Travel times by train are 20–23 minutes to Copenhagen Central Station and seven minutes to Roskilde station.
The Holbæk Motorway (M11, part of Danish national road 21) runs north of Hedehusene and has exits at Baldersbrønde and Fløng. Hedehusene's main street, Hovedgaden, is part of Secondary route 159 (Roskildevej").
Cultural references
Dynamite-Harry is being followed by a helicopter on the main street in Hedehusene at 1:29:12 in the 1969 Olsen-banden film The Olsen Gang in a Fix.
Notable people
The painter L.A. Ring (1854–1933) lived with their family in the old school in Baldersbrønde for 12 years.
Jørgen Kristensen (born 1946), nicknamed Troldmanden (the Wizard), is a Danish former football player, they played 19 matches and scored three goals for the Denmark national football team.
References
External links
Source
Source
Krystal & HealerHuset
Cities and towns in the Capital Region of Denmark
Høje-Taastrup Municipality
The Responsibility of Raising a Child, also known as From the Mad River to the Little Salmon River, or The Responsibility of Raising a Child, is an outdoor 2004 bronze sculpture by Native American artist Rick Bartow, located in Portland, Oregon, United States.
Description and history
The Responsibility of Raising a Child was designed by Rick Bartow in 2004, cast in 2009, and completed in 2010 before being installed at the intersection of Southwest 5th Avenue and Taylor Street in the Portland Transit Mall. Cascade Fine Arts Foundry, based in Damascus, Oregon, served as the sculpture's foundry. The sculpture depicts several animals and objects being carried on the back of a coyote ("the trickster"), including a grandmother mask with a tattoo that Bartow's mother observed on the face of an elder healing woman in Siletz, Oregon, a pair of salmon, a Pacific lamprey eel feeds, a basket holding a baby (Bartow's daughter), and several birds, including a killdeer, an eagle with outstretched wings, and a raven. A moon mask on the eagle's tail symbolizes women, and a sun mark on its wing represents men.
See also
2004 in art
References
External links
The Responsibility of Raising a Child at the Public Art Archive
The Responsibility of Raising a Child at the Regional Arts & Culture Council
2004 sculptures
Animal sculptures in Oregon
Sculptures of birds in Oregon
Bronze sculptures in Oregon
Fish in art
Mammals in art
Outdoor sculptures in Portland, Oregon
Sculptures on the MAX Green Line
Southwest Portland, Oregon
Native American art
New Ministers' Hill Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 15 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in New Ministers' Hill Ward:
Little Flower Higher Secondary School
Mount Sinai Higher Secondary School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 15
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
The Clinical Robotic Surgery Association is a not-for-profit educational association formed in 2009 to improve the scientific knowledge of robotic surgery as applied to the field of general surgery. The inaugural Worldwide Scientific Meeting was hosted by the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Membership
Membership is open to medical students, physicians and allied health professionals with an interest in robotic surgery.
In 2010, the membership consisted of surgeons from 23 countries, representing early-adopters of robotic surgery in each country. The association has six regional chapters in Brazil, Germany, China, Italy, Francophone Countries, and South Korea.
The founding membership includes leading practitioners in robotic general surgery. The first president of the association was Pier Cristoforo Giulianotti.
Major Activities of the Association
Sponsors a variety of continuing medical education events, including the annual Scientific Congress
Facilitates a network of practitioners of robotic general surgery across the globe
Fosters the development of robotic surgery in home nations through support and development of international chapters
Encourages the development of training standards and protocols in robotic surgery across institutions by enabling a forum for open discussion
Encourages the development of educational protocols for the inclusion of robotic surgery training in general surgery resident programs
Creates a knowledge database of surgical videos and presentations related to robotic general surgery
References
Medical News Today Online: CRSA Destined to Become the Robotic Surgery Thinktank
External links
Surgical organizations based in the United States
Medical and health professional associations in Chicago
is a train station in Fuchū, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1914
A shopping cart conveyor is a device used in multi-level retail stores for moving shopping carts parallel and adjacent to an escalator. Shoppers can load their shopping carts onto the conveyor, step onto the escalator, ride the escalator with the cart beside them and collect the cart with the contained merchandise at the next level.
While inclined moving walkways can be used in multi-level retail stores to transport shopping carts between floors, they are associated with safety hazards (such as, with baby strollers) and take up about twice as much floor space as a separate cart conveyor system, because moving walkways can not be installed at inclinations greater than 12 degrees, while a cart conveyor can operate at an inclination of up to 35 degrees. Only specially-designed shopping carts can be transported with a cart conveyor.
Principle of operation
When the user wishes to operate the device, they push the shopping cart through the device's safety doors. Guides in the floor then direct the shopping cart's wheels into the proper position. The device then senses the presence of the cart and pulls it up to the next store level. Devices generally feature some sort of system, such as one-way hinges or a sensor, to stop people from entering the device.
The shopping cart conveyor operates at no greater speed than its adjacent escalator for people. This allows customers time to load their carts onto the device, ride the escalator and retrieve the cart at the next level.
The device can only be operated with compatible shopping carts, that have mechanical features to allow them to be inserted into and moved by the conveyor. During the transport, the shopping cart remains level to stop the merchandise from falling off the cart.
Regulation
Shopping cart conveyors are regulated under the ANSI B20.1 Safety Standard for Conveyors and Related Equipment in the United States and under the directive 98/37/EG in the European Union.
See also
Elevator
Moving walkway
Escalator
References
Retail store elements
Vertical transport devices
Monoacetylmorphine may refer to:
3-Monoacetylmorphine, a less active metabolite of heroin
6-Monoacetylmorphine, an active metabolite of heroin
Khera Dabar is a village located in Najafgarh tehsil of South West Delhi, Delhi.
Notability
Chaudhary Brahm Prakash Ayurved Charak Sansthan is situated in this village that is Asia's largest ayurvedic hospital.
Transport
BUS NO.-826
It can be reached by BUS ROUTE NO.826 runs between Tilak Nagar- Ch. Brahm Prakash Ayurvedic hospital, khera Dabar via Uttam Nagar, Dwarka Mor, Najafgarh.
Pincode
Pincode of Kheda Dabar (or Khera Dabar) : 110073
References
Villages in South West Delhi district
Zheng Junfeng () is a Chinese Sanda kickboxer, they currently compete in the Wu Lin Feng organization.
As of November 2021, they are ranked the #8 Super Bantamweight in the world by Combat Press.
Career
Zheng Junfeng was born in started practicing Sanda at the age of 8. They made their professional debut in 2009 as they were still participating in amateur competitions. In 2011 they placed 5th in the National Tournament.
Junfeng's first notable international victory came against the japanese champion Hirotaka Urabe who they beat by majority decision at Krush 77 on July 16, 2017.
On January 13, 2018 Junfeng faced Feng Liang for the vacant -60 kg Glory of Heroes title at the Glory of Heroes: Guangzhou event. They lost by unanimous decision.
In 2019 Junfeng joined the Wu Lin Feng organization, the next year they entered the Super Rookie Tournament. They won 4 fights in 3 months to reach the Final. On August 28, 2020 at Wu Lin Feng 2020: China New Kings Tournament Final Junfeng beat
Wang Zhiwei for the Wu Lin Feng China New King title and the IPCC China -63 kg title. They won the fight by unanimous decision.
Titles and achievements
Wu Lin Feng
2020 WLF China New King -63 kg Tournament Winner
International Professional Combat Council
2020 IPCC China -63 kg Champion
Kickboxing record
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2021-09-30 || Win|| align=left| Jin Ying || Wu Lin Feng 2021: World Contender League 6th Stage || Zhengzhou, China || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2021-07-03 || Win|| align=left| Shun Li || Wu Lin Feng 2021: World Contender League 5th Stage || Zhengzhou, China || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 ||3:00
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2021-03-27 || Win || align=left| Wang Zhiwei || Wu Lin Feng 2021: World Contender League 1st Stage || China || Ext.R Decision || 4 || 3:00
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fbb;"
| 2021-01-23 || Loss || align=left| Wei Rui || Wu Lin Feng 2021: Global Kung Fu Festival || Macao, China || Decision (Unanimous) || 3||3:00
|- align="center" bgcolor="#fbb"
| 2020-10-16 || Loss||align=left| Liu Wei || Wu Lin Feng 2020: China New Kings Champions Challenge || Hangzhou, China || Ext.R Decision (Split) || 4 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-08-29 || Win|| align=left| Wang Zhiwei || Wu Lin Feng 2020: China New Kings Tournament Final || Zhengzhou, China || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2020-08-03 || Win || align=left| Zhang Jun || Wu Lin Feng 2020: King's Super Cup 4th Group Stage || Zhengzhou, China || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2020-07-05 || Win || align=left| Liu Chunrui || Wu Lin Feng 2020: King's Super Cup 3rd Group Stage || Zhengzhou, China || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2020-06-13 || Win || align=left| Jiduo Yibu || Wu Lin Feng 2020: King's Super Cup 2nd Group Stage || Zhengzhou, China || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2020-05-15 || Win ||align=left| Wang Wanli || Wu Lin Feng 2020: King's Super Cup 1st Group Stage|| Zhengzhou, China || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2019-11-30 || Loss || align=left| Ali Zanrifar || Wu Lin Feng 2019: WLF -67kg World Cup 2019-2020 6th Group Stage || Zhengzhou, China || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fbb;"
| 2019-09-28|| Loss||align=left| Daniel Puertas Gallardo || WLF -67kg World Cup 2019-2020 Contender Tournament Semi Final || Zhengzhou, China || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-10-20|| Win ||align=left| Vladyslav Melnyk ||Glory of Heroes 36: Ziyang|| Sichuan, China || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#fbb;"
| 2018-09-15|| Loss ||align=left| Yun Qi ||Glory of Heroes 34: Tongling|| Tongling, China || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-07-28|| Win ||align=left| Thapanapong ||Glory of Heroes 33: Shanghai|| Shanghai, China || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2018-03-03|| Win ||align=left| Craig Marshall Hughes ||Glory of Heroes: New Zealand vs China|| Auckland, New Zealand || TKO || 2||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#fbb;"
| 2018-01-13 || Loss ||align=left| Feng Liang || Glory of Heroes: Guangzhou|| Guangzhou, China || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9|
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-09-23|| Win ||align=left| Li Ning ||Glory of Heroes: Luoyang|| Luoyang, China || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2017-07-16|| Win ||align=left| Hirotaka Urabe || Krush.77 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority)|| 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2017-03-25|| Win ||align=left| Abdullah Allev ||Rise of Heroes: Hengyang|| Hengyang, China || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2016-01-23|| Win ||align=left| Kengo Maruta || || Xi'an, China || KO || 1 ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2015-04-24|| Win ||align=left| Mark || Hua Wujue|| Changzhou, China || KO || 1 || 0:32
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2015-01-31|| Win ||align=left| Sripana || Wu Lin Feng 2015 New Year Festival|| Chongqing, China || || ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2015-01-24|| Win ||align=left| Krongching || Hua Wujue || Huiyang, China || || ||
|- style="text-align:center; background:#cfc;"
| 2009-02-28|| Win ||align=left| Pan Ying Tang ||Wu Lin Feng China vs Vietnam || Zhengzhou, China || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|10-2 (1)
| Benjamin Molnár
|Submission (Guillotine choke)
|WKFCMC - MMA Bajnokság
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|
|Budapest, Hungary
|-
|Win
|align=center|9-2 (1)
| Abdelmoumen Mssaate
|Submission (Guillotine choke)
|WKFCMC
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|
|Beijing, China
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|8-2 (1)
| Abdulmutalip Gairbekov
|Decision (Unanimous)
|WLF E.P.I.C. 4
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Zhengzhou, China
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|8-1 (1)
| Huang Jie
|Decision
|Hanfeng Wuhun
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|
|Beijing, China
|
|-
|No contest
|align=center|7-1 (1)
| Shooto Watanabe
|
|WLF E.P.I.C. 2
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|3:00
|Zhengzhou, China
|Originally a R2 TKO win for Junfeng later overturned into a no contest.
|-
|Win
|align=center|7-1
| Wei Chengjin
|Submission (Leg lock)
|WKFCMC
|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|Beijing, China
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|6-1
| Artur Kascheev
|TKO (Ground & pound)
|WLF E.P.I.C. 1
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Zhengzhou, China
|-
|Win
|align=center|5-1
| Zhou Jianyang
|Submission (Armbar)
|
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|0:30
|China
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|4-1
| Liu Ji Kang
|Decision
|Hanfeng Wuhun
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Xuzhou, China
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3-1
| Mike
|TKO
|China Mixed Fight Alliance
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|2:50
|Xuchang, China
|
|-
|Loss
|align=center|2-1
| Liang Yang
|Submission (Armbar)
|RUFF 7
|
|align=center|2
|align=center|4:41
|Nanjing, Jiangsu, China
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|2-0
| Juncheng Wen
|Decision
|RUFF 6
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, China
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|1-0
| Li Zaihao
|Decision
|Shaanxi Ultimate Fighting Tournament
|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|Shaanxi, China
|
|-
|Win
|align=center|3-0
| Zheng Boqie
|Submission (Armbar)
|
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|
|China
|Final
|-
|Win
|align=center|2-0
| Bai Juzheng
|Submission (Guillotine choke)
|
|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|China
|Semi Final
|-
|Win
|align=center|1-0
| Gu Wenzhen
|Decision (Unanimous)
|
|
|align=center|
|align=center|
|China
|Quarter Final
Mixed rules record
|-
|
| align=center| 0–1
| Xiao Long
| TKO (Hand injury)
| Huya Kung Fu Carnival 4
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|3:00
| Zhengzhou, China
|
|-
See also
List of male kickboxers
References
Chinese male kickboxers
1997 births
Living people
People from Zhoukou
Sportspeople from Henan
Chinese sanshou practitioners
Chinese male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing sanshou
The New Bedford-Fairhaven Bridge is a swing truss bridge which connects New Bedford, Massachusetts with Fairhaven, Massachusetts.
Between New Bedford and Fairhaven
The bridge is actually one of three bridges crossing the Acushnet River between the two communities. The entire four lane stretch carries U.S. Route 6 between the two communities. A short, span crosses between the mainland of New Bedford just west of McArthur Drive to Fish Island, the smaller western island in the river. From there, after a stretch of highway connects the two spans, the main New Bedford-Fairhaven Bridge crosses from Fish Island to Pope's Island. This span includes the main span (see below). Once on Pope's Island, another stretch of highway connects to the third and longest span, a low, trestle bridge between Pope's Island and the town of Fairhaven, with the town line falling on the bridge. The entire stretch is just over between the two shores.
The main span
While many maps include all three spans as one "New Bedford-Fairhaven Bridge", only the middle span between the two is the actual bridge. This span, which was built between 1897 and 1899, is the one which includes the swing truss across the main channel into the northern half of the harbor. The entire bridge, approaches included, is approximately long, with the swing span being mostly west of the center of the bridge. The bridge still opens on a regular basis, with daily openings to allow the fishing fleet in and out of the inner harbor.
The bridge has been repaired numerous times in its lifetime, though there are occasional closings due to jammed gears. As of 2009, there are no plans to replace the 110-year-old span.
Major rehabilitation
As part of MassDOT's Accelerated Bridge Program, the New Bedford–Fairhaven Bridge and two other bridges will be rehabilitated. Work will include replacing joints and bearings, and cleaning, painting, and repairing steel, including repairing the existing granite piers and abutments. Construction is expected to begin in Spring 2011 and is expected to cost $24 million.
See also
List of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in Massachusetts
References
External links
Buildings and structures in New Bedford, Massachusetts
Bridges in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Road bridges in Massachusetts
U.S. Route 6
Bridges of the United States Numbered Highway System
Historic American Engineering Record in Massachusetts
Steel bridges in the United States
1900 establishments in Massachusetts
The 2019 World Para Powerlifting Championships was a competition for male and female athletes with a disability. It was held in Nur-Sultan, Kazakhstan and ran from 12 to 20 July.
The tournament was one of the compulsory tournaments to qualify for the 2020 Summer Paralympics held in Tokyo, Japan.
Medal table
Medalists
Men
Women
Mixed
Results
Men
49 kg
54 Kg
59 Kg
65 Kg
72 Kg
80 Kg
88 Kg
97 Kg
107 Kg
+107 Kg
Women
41 Kg
45 Kg
50 Kg
55 Kg
61 Kg
67 Kg
73 Kg
79 Kg
86 Kg
+86 Kg
References
External links
Official website
Results
World Para Powerlifting Championships
2019 in weightlifting
World Para Powerlifting Championships
World Para Powerlifting Championships
Sport in Astana
World Para Powerlifting Championships
Studio Filmów Rysunkowych (Animated Film Studio) is a Polish animation studio based in Bielsko-Biała. It is best known for animating Polish cartoons of Bolek and Lolek and Reksio.
It was founded in 1947 by brothers Zdzisław and Maciej Lachur with Władysław Nehrebecki, Leszek Lorek, Alfred Ledwig, Mieczysław Poznański, Aleksander Rohoziński, Wiktor Sakowicz, Rufin Struzik, and Wacław Wajser. The studio was established on 1 September 1947 as (Experimental Animated Film Studio) operating at the office of Trybuna Robotnicza (Worker's Tribune) newspaper. In 1948, the studio moved to Wisła, and then to Bielsko.
Productions
Animated Series
Bolek and Lolek (, 1963–1986)
Reksio (1967–1990)
Margo the Mouse (, 1976–1983)
Kuba and Sruba (2011–2016)
References
External links
1947 establishments in Poland
Mass media companies established in 1947
Polish animation studios
Bielsko-Biała
Such'on station is a railway station in greater Tanch'ŏn city, South Hamgyŏng province, North Korea, on the Kŭmgol Line of the Korean State Railway. It was opened on 4 December 1943 along with the rest of the Tongam–Paekkŭmsan section of the line.
References
Railway stations in North Korea
Railway stations opened in 1943
1943 establishments in Korea
Cruoricaptor is a Gram-negative genus of bacteria from the family of Weeksellaceae with one known species (Cruoricaptor ignavus).
References
Flavobacteria
Monotypic bacteria genera
Bacteria genera
Eupholus azureus is a species of beetles belonging to the family Curculionidae.
Description
Eupholus azureus can reach a length of about . The elytra are broader than the thorax at the base and pointed at the apex. There are nine rows of large regular deep punctures on each elytron. The scutellum is very small and round. Eupholus azureus is slightly mottled black. The turquoise colour derives from very small scales. The thorax shows two smooth black lines on each sides of the median sulcus. Usually there are one or two transverse bands (one is larger) a little behind the middle and not reaching the suture. The suture, the scutellar region and the transverse bands are black. Legs are azure and the knee joins are black. Antennae are partially covered with tiny whitish sensory hair, while the club is brown or black. This species is characterized by sexual dimorphism, with males having a pronotum widely rounded and conical than females.
Distribution
This species can be found in lowland rainforests of Papua New Guinea.
Bibliography
Macleay, W.[J.] 1885: The insects of the Maclay-coast, New Guinea. Proceedings of the Linnean Society of New South Wales, 9 (3): 704-705
Thierry Poiron, Eupholus (Curculionidae), Les Coléoptères du Monde, vol. 19, 112 pages, éd. Sciences Nat, Venette
References
Entiminae
Beetles described in 1885
John Edmund Wentworth Addison (5 November 1838 – 22 April 1907) was a British judge and Conservative politician.
Early life
Addison was born in 1838 in Bruges, Belgium and was the third son of Lieutenant-Colonel Henry Robert Addison and their second wife, Grace Barton. Colonel Addison was born in India of Irish ancestry and after retiring from the army wrote a number of musical plays and light operas. J.E.W Addison was educated at Trinity College Dublin before being called to the bar at the Inner Temple in 1862.
Career
They practised in the Northern circuit and in 1880 became a Queen's Counsel (QC). In 1873 they married Alice McKeand of Manchester, who predeceased them in 1894. In 1874 they were appointed Recorder of Preston, a position they held for sixteen years. In 1889 Addison was the senior prosecuting counsel in the celebrated trial of Florence Maybrick.
At the 1885 general election, they were elected as Conservative Member of Parliament for Ashton under Lyne, defeating the sitting MP, Hugh Mason. At the ensuing general election in 1886 they drew with their Liberal opponent. They were elected by the casting vote of the borough's mayor as returning officer. They held the seat at the 1892 election before standing down from parliament in 1895.
On leaving the Commons in 1895, Addison was appointed a county court judge in Norfolk and Cambridgeshire. In 1897 they were transferred to the Southwark County Court, where they presided until their retirement due to ill health in 1906.
Judge Addison died at their residence at Hyde Park, London in April 1907, aged 68.
References
External links
1838 births
1907 deaths
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1885–1886
UK MPs 1886–1892
UK MPs 1892–1895
Members of the Inner Temple
20th-century English judges
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Ashton-under-Lyne
County Court judges (England and Wales)
19th-century English judges
Medieval Mayhem is a 2006 game developed for the Atari 2600 console as an updated version of the 1980 Atari, Inc. arcade game Warlords. It was written by American developer Darrell Spice Jr. and released under their SpiceWare label. David Vazquez and Erik Ehrling provided graphics and music for the game, respectively. Warlords are first ported to the Atari 2600 in 1981 by game designer Carla Meninsky. Spice's version includes elements of the arcade version that were not included in the official 2600 port.
Gameplay
Medieval Mayhem is an action game that features a king in each of the four corners of the screen. Each king is protected by a brick castle. The object of the game is to destroy the opponents' kings by breaking through the walls of the castle with a fireball. Up to four players can play simultaneously; each controls a shield in front of the castle. If there are fewer than four players, the remaining shields are controlled by the computer.
At the start of the game (and each round), a "launch dragon" appears and releases a fireball. As the game progresses, additional fireballs appear. A round is complete when three kings have been destroyed, leaving one remaining. The player with the surviving king wins the round, and a knight marches across the screen, carrying the banner of the winning player.
Reception
In a review giving it a 90% rating, Retro Gamer wrote, "As simple a game as Medieval Mayhem is in concept, it provides a hugely entertaining multiplayer experience of immense longevity. The colourful graphics and chunky sound are mere icing on the cake of this excellent game, one that deserves to be a part of your collection."
References
External links
Official site
2006 video games
Action video games
Atari 2600 homebrew games
Atari 2600-only games
Atari 2600 games
Video games developed in the United States
Alekos Fassianos (, 13 December 1935 – 16 January 2022) was a Greek painter.
Life and career
Fassianos was born in Athens in 1935. After graduating from the Athens School of Fine Arts, they moved to Paris, France, in 1960, to study lithography at the Paris National School of Arts, where they met several artists and writers.
Fassianos used to design the stage decorations for major classic and modern productions. Their art has been exhibited in museums and galleries including in Athens, Paris, and throughout Europe, as well as in Tokyo, New York, São Paulo, and Melbourne.
In addition to private collections, their art works can be found in the following museums in France; the Paris Museum of Modern Art; the Maeght Foundation, San Paul de Vence;l, and the Center for Contemporary Art.
Fassianos was very popular in Greece, and some of their works are exhibited in public places: two large murals entitled The Myth of My Neighborhood, can be seen in Athens at the Metaxourgeio metro station. Small sculptures can be seen in front of the Orthodox Church of St. Irene in Athens. A giant vertical mural can be seen in the lobby of the Electra Metropolis Hotel in Athens.
On 13 December 2007, a Fassianos painting titled The Messenger sold for €550,701 at Bonhams in London.
Fassianos died on 16 January 2022, at the age of 86.
Honours
1985: Knight of the Order of Arts and Letters (France)
19??: Member of the Fine Arts Academy of Athens (Greece)
2009: Honorary Member of the Russian Academy of Fine Arts (Russia)
2010: Officer of the Order of Arts and Letters (France)
2013: Officer of the National Order of the Legion of Honour (France)
2020: Commander of the Order Arts and Letters (France)
Collection and exhibition history
Public and private collections
France
National Centre for Visual Arts (CNAP)
Paris Museum of Modern Art (MAM Paris)
Mobilier National Museum, Paris
Maeght Foundation, Saint Paul de Vence
Villa Tamaris Art Center, La Seyne Sur Mer
Paul Valéry Museum, Sète
Center of engraving and printed image, La Louvière
Museum of Grenoble, Grenoble
Greece and Cyprus
National Art Gallery - Alexandros Soutzos Museum, Athens
Benaki museum, Athens
Cycladic Art Museum, Athens
Frissiras Museum, Athens
Theocharakis Foundation, Athens
American College of Greece (ACG Art), Athens
Hellenic Olympic Committee, Athens
European Culture Centre of Delphi, Delphi
Museum of the Olive and Greek Olive Oil, Sparta
Macedonian Museum of Contemporary Art (MMCA), Thessaloniki
Averoff Museum, Metsovo
Museum of Contemporary Art Andros, Andros
Municipality of Rhodes Modern Greek Art Museum, Rhodes
Nikos Kazantzakis Museum, Crete
Historical Archive - Museum of Hydra (I.A.M.Y), Hydra
Nicosia Municipal Art Center (NiMAC), Nicosia, Cyprus
Pierides Museum, Nicosia, Cyprus
Worldwide
Hellenic Foundation for Culture, New-York, Usa
Hellenic Foundation for Culture, London, United-Kingdom
Creator Vesevo, Ercolano, Italy
Osten Museum of Drawing, Skopje, North Macedonia
Museum of history and religion, Saint-Petersburg, Russia
Solo shows
1990s
1991 Galerie Zoumboulakis, Athens, Greece
1991 Galerie La Hune - Brenner, Paris, France
1992 SAGA, Grand Palais, Galerie La Hunne - Brenner, Paris, France
1992 Galerie Grafika Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan
1992 Galerie Zoumboulakis, Athens, Greece
1992 Galerie Origrafica, Malmö, Sweden
1993 Galerie Beaubourg, Paris, France
1993 Macedonian Museum of Contemporary Art (MMCA), Retrospective, Thessaloniki, Greece
1993 Galerie La Hune - Brenner, Paris, France
1994 Galerie Origrafica, Malmö, Sweden
1995 Galerie La Hune - Brenner, Paris, France
1996 Galerie Pudelco, Bonn, Germany
1996 Kunstkabinett Regensburg, Regensburg, Germany
1996 Jaski Art Gallery, Amsterdam, Netherlands
1997 Paul Valery Museum & Nikos Kazantakis Museum (Twinning), Sète, France
1997 Galerie Grafika Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan
1998 European Culture Center of Delphi, Retrospective, Delphi, Greece
1998 Galerie Rachlin-Lemarié, Angels and Loves, Paris, France
1999 Paul Valery Museum, Sète, France
1999 NIKAF art fair, Galerie Futura, Tokyo, Japan
2000s
2000 Art Miami, Galerie Futura, Miami, Usa
2000 Galerie La Hune - Brenner, Paris, France
2000 Galerie Rachlin-Lemarié, Daily Mythology, Paris, France
2000 Villa Kerylos, Daily Mythology, Beaulieu-sur-Mer, France
2000 Galerie Bixio 2, Milan, Italy
2001 Hellenic Foundation for Culture, New York, Usa
2001 Château de Chenonceau, Le Mythe à bicyclette, Chenonceau, France
2002 Museum of Cycladic Art, The winners, Athens, Greece
2003 Hellenic Foundation for Culture, London, United-Kingdom
2003 Galerie Zannettacci, Geneva, Switzerland
2003 Galerie La Hune - Brenner, Les Travaux Des Dieux, Paris, France
2003 Galerie Grafika Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan
2004 Benaki Museum, Travaux, mythes, Eros, Athens, Greece
2004 National Art Gallery, A. Soutzos Museum, Everyday Mythologies, Athens, Greece
2004 Galerie Grafika Tokyo, Tokyo, Japan
2005 Tem Sanat Galerisi, Alecos Fassianos, Istanbul, Turkey
2005 Galerie Zannettacci, Geneva, Switzerland
2007 Galerie Potnia Thiron, L'éternel Retour, Athens, Greece
2007 Galerie Schneider, Munich, Germany
2008 Galerie Di Meo, Eroticon, Paris, France
2008 Central House of Artists, Moscow, Russia
2008 Galerie Potnia Thiron, Tout ce qu'il nous reste, Athens, Greece
2009 Galerie Helenbeck, Soft Mythology, Nice, France
2009 Galerie Zannettacci, Geneva, Switzerland
2009 Municipality of Rhodes Modern Greek Art Museum, Fassianos - 45 Years Of Creation, Rhodes, Greece
2010s
2010 Galerie Grafika Tokyo, The Aegean Breeze, Tokyo, Japan
2010 Galerie Pierre-Alain Challier, Recovery of happiness, Paris, France
2010 Galerie Thierry Salvador, Memories, Brussels, Belgium
2011 Opera Gallery, Fassianos, London, United Kingdom
2011 Villa Tamaris Art center, Memories, La Seyne-sur-Mer, France
2011 Galerie Herrmann, Fassianos, Berlin, Germany
2011 Pavlos Kountouriotis Mansion, Fassianos: Giorgos Economopoulos Collection, Hydra, Grèce
2011 Tem Sanat Galerisi, Fassianos, Istanbul, Turkey
2011 Hellenic Museum, Fassianos, Ancient myth - Modern situations, Melbourne, Australia
2012 Galerie Di Meo, Fassianos, The light rediscovered, Paris, France
2012 Galerie Estades, Fassianos, Lyon, France
2012 Abbaye-école de Sorèze, Alecos Fassianos et sa muse Gudrun Von Leitner, Sorèze, France
2012 Grosvenor Gallery, Everyday myths, London, United Kingdom
2014 Galerie Zannettacci, Fassianos, Geneva, Switzerland
2014 Galerie Française - Gérard Schneider, Fassianos, Munich, Germany
2014 Espace Paul-et-André-Vera, Fassianos, Saint-Germain-en-Laye, France
2015 Kapopoulos Fine Arts, Alekos Fassianos, Mykonos, Greece
2016 Museum of History and religion, Ancient Greek Myths in everyday life, Saint-Petersburg, Russia
2016 Kapopoulos Fine Arts, Apocalypse, Patmos, Greece
2016 Galerie Pierre-Alain Challier, Fassianos - joie de vivre, Paris, France
2017 Kapopoulos Fine Arts, Alekos Fassianos, Athens, Greece
2018 Galerie Sophie Scheidecker, Fassianos, Paris, France
2018 Iris Gallery, Small works, Athens, Greece
2018 Historical Archive - Museum of Hydra (I.A.M.Y), Fassianos in France, Hydra, Greece
2019 Galerie Estades, Alecos Fassianos, Paris, France
Group exhibitions
1963 Pantechnicon, San Francisco
1965 SWEA, Stockholm
1968 Biennale of Menton
1982 Palais des Congrès : Europalia with Caras, Christoforou, Gaïtis & Alkis Pierrakos, Brussels, Belgium
2000 Kunstkabinett Regensburg, Contemporary Drawings and Sculptures, Regensburg, Germany
2009 Opera Gallery, Fassianos - Timur D'Vatz, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
2011 Galerie Pascal Polar, The Figurative Art of Greek Artists, Brussels, Belgium
2012 Musée du verre et de ses métiers, Daum - Art, luxury & crystal, Dordives, France
2012 Opera Gallery, A Century of Nudes, Geneva, Switzerland
2013 Villa Tamaris Art Center, Retrospective, La Seyne-sur-Mer, France
2014 Galerie Morfi, Group exhibition of Cypriot and Greek artists, Limassol, Cyprus
2015 Galerie David Hicks, Fassianos - Oppenheim, Paris, France
2016 Opera Gallery, Shades of blue, Monaco, France
2016 Ikastikos Kiklos Sianti Gallery, Small Paintings, Athens, Greece
2016 Manage Central Exhibition Hall, Genii Loci - Greek Art From 1930 To The Present, Saint-Petersburg, Russia
2017 Manoir du Boulanc, Greeks !, Verderonne, France
2017 Kapopoulos Fine Arts, Segui – Fassianos, Mykonos, Greece
2017 Ikastikos Kiklos Sianti Gallery, Small Paintings, Athens, Greece
2018 Paul Valéry Museum, Painting and Poetry, Sète, France
2018 Moca Skopje, The Greek Collection, Skopje, North Macedonia
2018 Maeght Foundation, The Spirit of a Collection : Gifts, Saint-Paul-de-Vence, France
2019 Roma Gallery, Alekos Fassianos - Dimitris Mytaras, Athens, Greece
2019 Ikastikos Kiklos Sianti Gallery, A Beach in the City, Athens, Greece
2019 Theocharakis Foundation, Alekos Fassianos, Vangelis Chronis – 30 Years of Friendship, Paintings and Poetry, Athens, Greece
2020 Galerie Élysée Saint-Honoré, Yves Navarre meets Alekos Fassianos, Paris, France
See also
Art in modern Greece
National Gallery of Greece
Contemporary Greek Art
References
1935 births
2022 deaths
20th-century painters
Artists from Athens
Greek contemporary artists
Greek painters
Lithographers
École des Beaux-Arts alumni
Officiers of the Légion d'honneur
Recipients of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
Skeletons at the Feast is a novel by author Chris Bohjalian, published in 2008. It tells the story of a journey in the waning months of World War II concerning the Emmerich family, who flee their beloved home in Prussia and move west to avoid the advancing Russian troops. The family consists of one of the novel's main protagonists, Anna; their mother, known affectionately as "Mutti"; their father, Rolf; their twin brother, Helmut; their younger brother, Theo; and the Scottish POW that once worked on the family's farm, Callum Finella, who later becomes Anna's lover. Anna also has an older brother, Werner, who is off fighting in the war. Rolf and Helmut depart from the family in an effort to stop the Russian advance while the rest continue on alone. On their westward journey the family are joined by Uri Singer, an escaped Jew posing as a Nazi officer.
Bohjalian said in an interview they were inspired to write the story after being persuaded to read a diary spanning from 1920 to 1945 belonging to Eva Henatsch, a German woman that embarked on a similar journey west across the Third Reich.
Plot summary
The plot of the story centers around a young Prussian girl, Anna Emmerich, and the broken remnants of their family as they flee westward from the advancing Russian army. Along with them they are joined by the Scottish POW, Callum Finella, with whom Anna has embarked on a secret love affair. As Anna, their mother, their younger brother Theo, and Callum trek across the Third Reich, other stories run parallel to theirs, including the story of Uri Singer, a Jew that leapt off the train to Auschwitz and survives by assuming identities belonging to various German soldiers; and Cecile, a French Jew taken prisoner in a concentration camp and, along with their fellow prisoners, forced to march westward to outdistance the Russian advance. Eventually all three stories come together when Anna's party, joined by Uri, crosses paths with the sad march of Cecile and the other prisoners. Throughout the novel, Anna struggles with understanding the atrocities the Nazis have committed and how they can possibly bear the burden of blame by the rest of the world.
Reception
The book was reviewed by the Los Angeles Times, USA Today, Kirkus Reviews, The New York Times, and was "highly recommended" by The Historical Novel Society.
References
External links
Chat transacription with The Jewish Book Council and the author about the book
2008 American novels
Novels set during World War II
Crown Publishing Group books
Kosi Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising six districts, namely Bhojpur, Dhankuta, Morang, Sankhuwasabha, Sunsari and Terhathum. Here is district wise List of Monuments which is in the Kosi Zone.
The Ancient Monument Protection Act 1956 has defined monuments as structure older than 100 years and having historical, cultural importance. In Koshi zone the monuments list is given below.
Kosi Zone
List of monuments in Bhojpur District
List of monuments in Dhankuta District
List of monuments in Morang District
List of monuments in Sankhuwasabha District
List of monuments in Sunsari District
List of monuments in Terhathum District
References
Kosi Zone
Kosi Zone
Alain Minc (; born 15 April 1949) is a French business person, political advisor and author.
Biography
Early life
Alain Minc was born on April 15, 1949 in Paris to a family of Jewish immigrants from Poland. Their father, Joseph Minkowski, was a dentist and a member of the Communist Party.
Alain Minc is a graduate of the École nationale supérieure des mines de Paris, Sciences Po and the École nationale d'administration.
Career
In 1979, they became CFO of Compagnie de Saint-Gobain. In 1981, they were selected to be one of the first Young Leaders of the French-American Foundation. In 1986, they became Vice-Chairman of CIR International and General Manager of Cerus, non-Italian affiliates of Benedetti Group. In 1991, they founded their own consultancy firm, AM Conseil. They have been the Chairman of Le Monde'''s supervisory board. They sit on the board of directors of Criteria CaixaCorp since 2007.  They are also a Board member of Prisa, Fnac, Direct Energie, Ingenico, and Yves Saint Laurent.
They have been an advisor to Edouard Balladur, François Pinault, Vincent Bolloré, and ex-French President Nicolas Sarkozy. They came under fire for criticizing Pope Benedict XVI's position on the French Romani repatriation in 2010.
 They are a member of the Nicolas Berggruen Institute.  They are also a recipient of the Legion of Honour.'Légion d'honneur: enfin une vraie parité hommes-femmes". Le Nouvel Observateur, 31-01-08
Since December 2011, they are President of the board of directors of Société des Autoroutes du Nord et de l'Est de la France (SANEF) which operates motorways in northeast France under a French government concession.
BibliographyCe monde qui vientEpître à nos nouveaux maîtres (2003)
Les Prophètes du bonheur: historie personnelle de la pensée économique (2004)
Rapport sur la France de l'an 2000
Le Nouveau Moyen-âge
Les vengeances des Nations
La Machine égalitaire
Rapport sur l´informatisation de la société
Une sorte de Diable, les vies de John M. Keynes (2006)
Le Crépuscule des petits dieux (2006)
Une histoire de France (2008)
Dix jours qui ébranleront le monde (2009)
Une histoire politique des intellectuels (2010)
L'âme des nations (2012)
Vive l Allemagne (2013)
References
1949 births
Living people
French political consultants
French people of Polish-Jewish descent
Recipients of the Legion of Honour
French male writers
Businesspeople from Paris
École nationale d'administration alumni
Sciences Po alumni
Mines ParisTech alumni
Young Leaders of the French-American Foundation
Paul Robinson (born 22 November 1973) is a British former professional tennis player.
Tennis career
A left-handed player from Northampton, Robinson was active on the professional tour in the 1990s. They took a set off Greg Rusedski in their semi-final loss at the national championships in 1996 and also twice broke the serve of the Canadian-born player. Their only ATP Tour main draw appearance came as a doubles qualifier at the 1996 Bournemouth International, with Arvind Parmar.
Robinson played collegiate tennis for Texas Christian University, where they were a three-time All-American in both singles and doubles. They represented Great Britain at the 1995 World Student Games and won a silver medal partnering Samantha Smith in the mixed doubles.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
British male tennis players
English male tennis players
Tennis people from Northamptonshire
Sportspeople from Northampton
TCU Horned Frogs men's tennis players
Medalists at the 1995 Summer Universiade
Universiade medalists in tennis
Universiade silver medalists for Great Britain
Băile Homorod may refer to the following places in Romania:
Băile Homorod, a village in the commune Vlăhița, Harghita County
Băile Homorod, a tributary of the river Homorodul Mare in Harghita County
Castellum of Băile Homorod, a Roman fortification in Harghita County
Jeffrey Falcon (born January 1, 1962) is an American actor appearing in martial arts films. Their most notable starring role was in the film Six-String Samurai.
Filmography
Operation Pink Squad (1988)
The Inspector Wears Skirts (1988)
Prince of the Sun (1989)
The Inspector Wears Skirts 2 (1989)
Burning Ambition (1989)
Blonde Fury (1989)
The Outlaw Brothers (1990)
Lethal Contact (1992)
Caged Beauties (1992)
The Way of the Lady Boxers (1993)
Rape in Public Sea (1993)
Happy Partner (1993)
Oh! Yes Sir! (1994)
Six-String Samurai (1998)
Fists Of Doobage (2001)
Last Texas Avenger (2004)
References
External links
1962 births
Living people
American male film actors
Benjamin Frater (1979–2007), also known as "The Catholic Yak", was an Australian poet.
Biography
Frater grew up in Western Sydney, and attended the University of Wollongong. They published one book of poetry during their life, Bughouse Meat (2005, Bird in the Mouth Press). A collection of selected poems, 6am in the Universe, was published posthumously (2011, Grand Parade Poets).  They are currently the subject of a feature-length documentary being made by Magical Real Picture Company (Australia).
External links
Obituary Sydney Morning Herald
Auslit entry (full entry requires subscription)
Plaque-1
Plaque-2
composite tertiary reference
review of 6am in the Universe: Selected Poems
radio program
mention re doco award
See the ABC radio national radio documentary
Title: 6am in the Universe Author: Benjamin Frater Publisher: Grand Parade Poets, Wollongong 2011
The meaning of Yek rests between the collective human unconsciousness and the infinite darkness of God. Yek is the Horned Being of ancient man's cave drawings. Yek is Dr Sax, shadow beings and the fear of our own immortality. Benjamin's poetical works represented the individual's deconstruction of the remnants of our cultural prehistory: the poet is the platonic philosopher. Use of repetition and holy indelible mantra to find the basic consonance and resonance within the collective mind. Without fear of the darkness, without seeking recompense - a true visionary poet came and extended the realms of our known art, and relinquished the fragility of the individual and left us.
1979 births
2007 deaths
University of Wollongong alumni
20th-century Australian poets
Australian male poets
20th-century Australian male writers
The New Yorker was a fireboat operated by the Fire Department of New York City from 1890 to 1931. They were launched on in the presence of Fire Commissioner S. Howland Robbins.
Them pumps were capable of projecting 13,000 gallons per minute. As the Fire Department's most powerful vessel they were considered the fleet's flagship, until their retirement in 1931, when they were replaced by .
Operational career
On January 18, 1909, the crew of The New Yorker rescued a young woman who had slipped on the ice on the seawall near their boat, and fallen into the river. Two observers had jumped in after Albertine Decquer, and the fireboat's crew rescued all three.
On June 9, 1922, The New Yorker rescued Fannie Schecht, a well-dressed young woman who was seen trying to make their way to shore, in the middle of the Hudson.
See also
Fireboats in New York City
References
Fireboats of New York City
1890 ships
Ships built in New York City
Viktoriia Andreevna Vorobeva (; born 23 April 1994) is a Russian badminton player. In the national event, they play for Kazan, Republic of Tatarstan. They educated at the student of Volga State Academy of Physical Culture, Sports and Tourism.
Achievements
BWF International Challenge/Series (6 titles, 8 runners-up)
Women's doubles
Mixed doubles
BWF International Challenge tournament
BWF International Series tournament
BWF Future Series tournament
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Kazan
Russian female badminton players
Stockheim is a municipality in the district of Kronach in Bavaria in Germany. It is located on Bundesstraße 85, and on the touristic route Bier- und Burgenstraße (Beer- and Castle Road).
References
Kronach (district)
James Cyrus Stewart (born March 2, 1978) is an American musician and writer best known for their role in experimental rock band Xiu Xiu. They have appeared in other bands, including XXL, Former Ghosts, and Sal Mineo.
Early life and career
Stewart was born in 1978 and raised in Los Angeles. They were in several bands before Xiu Xiu, beginning in their youth. While in school, they played in a parody band and a Bauhaus cover band. After high school, they played bass in a group with guitarist Kenny Lyon and members from bands such as Devo, Geza X, The Screamers, and Sparks. Stewart has said that this experience was particularly formative for their career, but they did not realize this at the time. They later quit the band and moved home to attend college. During this period they came out to their parents, although this was not received warmly.
At home, Stewart briefly played in several other bands before being kicked out, and a high school friend suggested that they start their own band, which became IBOPA. Their father also played in the band, and Stewart also played with Korea Girl during this period. Metro Silicon Valley described IBOPA as a collision of "dance, lounge, disco, and ska" with the horror of Red Asphalt, and noted the band for bringing attention to South Bay music. IBOPA was briefly signed to an Elektra Records subsidiary in 1999, and broke up in July 1999 when the label dropped most of its artists. The band announced that five of its members—Stewart, Cory McCulloch, Kurt Stumbaugh, Tim Kirby, and Don Dias—would continue into a new acoustic and experimental band called Ten in the Swear Jar.
Ten in the Swear Jar (XITSJ) continued IBOPA's "unusual approach" with eccentric and erratic music. Metros David Espinoza described the band as "futuristic in instrumentation and erratic in mentality" with the traditional instrumentation backgrounded by baritone saxophones, banjos, accordions, and synthesizers. They added that the band's sound was minimalistic and that the unusual instruments were not used to excess. XITSJ members included Jason Albertini of Duster and Miya Osaki of The Chinkees and The Bruce Lee Band, as well as Don Dias, the namesake of Xiu Xiu's song "Don Diasco". XITSJ disbanded in September 2002 and Stewart formed Xiu Xiu.
Xiu Xiu
Stewart started their third band, Xiu Xiu, with Cory McCullouch (from XITSJ), Yvonne Chen, and Lauren Andrews. The band forgoes traditional rock instruments for programmed drums, indigenous instruments, and others including harmonium, mandolin, brass bells, gongs, keyboards, and a cross between a guitarrón mexicano and a cello for bass. Metro Silicon Valleys David Espinoza likened Stewart to an explorer charting new territories of sound in 2001 when they started Xiu Xiu. They compared Stewart's voice to a combination of Robert Smith's in its fragility and The Downward Spiral-era Trent Reznor's in its anger, and noted Stewart's deliberate choice of tone in light of the individual instruments' disparate wackiness. The name Xiu Xiu, pronounced "shoe shoe", is taken from the film Xiu Xiu: The Sent Down Girl. In Stewart's description, the film's theme is that of no resolution—that awful things happen to the protagonist throughout the film and they die at the end. The band found its first tracks to match the "rotten realness" spirit of the film, "that sometimes life turns out with the worst possible case scenario". Stewart said Tracy Chapman's "Fast Car", which Xiu Xiu covered on A Promise, had a similar theme.
Stewart visited Vietnam around 2001, where they took the picture that appears on the cover of A Promise. To afford the trip, they opened their equipment to local punk and ska bands as a recording studio. Stewart described the period between Knife Play and A Promise as full of "really bad things" in their personal life. In 2003, Stewart said that they had been very influenced by gamelan and Korean and Japanese folk music, and that they had been listening primarily to contemporary classical and "gay dance music".
Brandon Stosuy of Pitchfork said that Stewart, "one of underground music's consistently brilliant anomalies", "came into their own" on A Promise, and that their vocal style was compared with Robert Smith, Annie Lennox, and Michael McDonald. They noted a "continual poetic and romantic beauty" behind "the violence" in Stewart's lyrics.
The tone of 2004's Fabulous Muscles reflected an "incredibly, incredibly violent, incredibly jarring, and difficult to take" string of events in Stewart's life.
When interviewing for The Air Force in 2006, Stewart said that the year was "one of the first not dominated by personal tragedies", though the tone of the album reflects their experience internalizing the events of the previous years, which they felt was "almost more difficult".
Other works
Stewart released an album with Eugene Robinson of Oxbow as Xiu Xiu & Eugene Robinson Present: Sal Mineo on Important Records in April 2013. They also appear on the album Christmas Island by Andrew Jackson Jihad. In addition, they have released an album with Jonathan Meiburg of Shearwater under the name Blue Water White Death.
Outside of music, Stewart said that they had written a "failed attempt" at a humorous novel based on "very, very peculiar sexual encounters" they had through their life. They wrote for two years ending in 2005, and circulated the book to friends. Among their favorite authors, they listed Yukio Mishima, Dennis Cooper, Charles Bukowski, and Kenzaburō Ōe.
Personal life
Stewart is openly bisexual, and has identified as queer. They are the child of Michael Stewart, the half sibling of Benjamin H. Bratton, and the nibling of John Stewart.
Stewart has, on multiple occasions, referred to bandmate Angela Seo as their "best friend".
See also
Accordion Solo!
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
1978 births
American experimental musicians
American indie rock musicians
American rock songwriters
American rock singers
Queer musicians
LGBT people from California
LGBT singers from the United States
Living people
Musicians from Los Angeles
American post-punk musicians
Queer men
Synth-pop singers
Articles containing video clips
Singer-songwriters from California
21st-century American singers
21st-century American male singers
Bisexual musicians
Bisexual men
American male singer-songwriters
The Bruce Weiner Microcar Museum was a museum in Madison, Georgia, United States, that held a large collection of microcars. The museum was created by Bruce Weiner, an executive of Dubble Bubble, who collected microcars as a hobby.
The entire collection was auctioned off February 15–16, 2013. The top selling price was for Lot 603, a 1958 F.M.R. Tg 500 'Tiger' that sold for $322,000.
References
External links
The Bruce Weiner Microcar Museum
Defunct museums in Georgia (U.S. state)
Automobile museums in the United States
Museums disestablished in 2013
Museums established in 1997
Queensgate shopping centre may refer to:
Queensgate shopping centre, United Kingdom, a shopping centre in Peterborough
Queensgate Shopping Centre, New Zealand, a shopping centre in Lower Hutt
The Atlanta Conference of Negro Problems was an annual conference held at Atlanta University, organized by W. E. B. Du Bois, and held every year from 1896 to 1914.
Purpose of the Conference
The purpose of the Atlanta Conference of Negro Problems was to outline the many difficulties that the black community faced, to suggest solutions to these problems, and to publicize grievances with modern social protocols. This organization attempted to come up with solutions for the then-current problems facing the black community.
At Atlanta University, in 1897, resided both African Americans and whites; though many universities were similar in that respect, Atlanta University was unique in that black students and white faculty used the same dormitories and dining hall, and the smaller number of white students used the same space as well. The state of Georgia gave no funding to the school, because many of the Georgia state lawmakers actively resisted educational opportunities for black citizens. In fact, Atlanta University, as well as other private schools in the city, were the only options for black high school education, although multiple white public high schools existed in the city.
W. E. B. Du Bois came to Atlanta University as a professor. Many people believed that they were not religious enough (or did not practice the right religion) to teach at the university. Du Bois promised that they would use the Episcopal prayer book whenever they needed to fulfill their student chapel duties, so they were permitted to work there. Du Bois, as a member of the African American community, recognized and deeply cared about the threats that were posed against them. They decided to hold the Atlanta Conference of Negro Problems to discuss various solutions to these problems, whilst contributing to the formation of a more equal society.
There were several graduates of Atlanta University who told various faculty and trustee members of the school information that made them aware of the need for a thorough investigation into the conditions of living in the Negro populations of cities. As a result, Bumstead and Bradford proposed annual investigations of the social, economic, and physical condition of Black Americans. The "investigation" would be developed into a department called the Atlanta Sociological Laboratory. It was quickly approved by the Atlanta University Board of Trustees, and a conference was set to take place later in the year, during the Atlanta Exposition, guided by Bradford. Later discussion caused the conference to be rescheduled for the spring of 1896.
About the Conference
The first two Atlanta University Conferences of Negro Problems were held by George C. Bradford, in 1896 and 1897. Even though they co-founded the Atlanta University Studies and directed these first two conferences, Bradford's contributions to these events have still not been fully investigated. It is often W. E. B. DuBois who gets the credit for the founding of the annual conference.
The first Conference of Negro Problems at Atlanta University focused on the morality of African Americans in cities. Bradford invited the Department of Labour to help them carry out the study, to tabulate and publish the results. The statistics they collected became the basis of a serious dealing with the social and economic conditions of African Americans.
Du Bois thought that the biggest problem with the early Atlanta University Studies was Bradford's efforts to replicate the Hampton and Tuskegee models. They were determined to execute at Atlanta University what they had previously been unable to get administrators and white institutions to try. This was a program of objective and scientific inquiry into social, economic, and political conditions of African Americans. Another notable problem that the Atlanta University Studies encountered was Bradford's lack of social science background, especially dealing with racial problems. Bradford was a Boston business person who graduated from Harvard in finance, so was not experienced enough to perfect their studies of black Americans and Atlanta University. The president of Atlanta University, Horace Bumstead, eventually searched for a more qualified figure to lead the research program at the university.
Consequences of the Conference
One of the most significant results of the studies of the conference included increased state and national aid for African American high schools, resulting from the 1901 study. This study uncovered that the money allocated to maintaining and running Black schools was less than the money allotted to similar White schools. For instance, Delaware, in 1896, gave $1.66 per capita for White students, and $0.81 for Black students. As well, it was uncovered that African Americans were responsible for providing most of the funds to support their schools. There was even an unequal distribution of money for salaries; white teachers earned significantly more than black teachers at the time. Though this may be in part due to differences in education levels achieved, racism still could have been a cause of this as many teachers were required to have the same basic skills. Many Southern states reported, during this study, that the cost of running schools for blacks was entirely supported by donations from African Americans. Upon learning about this, Du Bois called for increased state and national support of these Negro schools.
Change was not immediate, however. Du Bois reinvestigated high school education amidst African Americans a decade later, and found that little change had actually occurred. For example, in 1911, Houston County, Georgia, educated about 3200 blacks and 1050 whites, but funding for Black schools was about $4,500, compared to $10,700 for white schools. During this time, Georgia's funding of public schools was based on a variety of state and local reactions to different laws and court rulings. Plessy v. Ferguson, for instance, made separate but equal public schools for African American and white students acceptable, but although the school systems were supposed to be equal, in practice, they were separate and unequal. Black teachers still earned considerably less than white teachers. To further the inequality, many superintendents did not adequately supervise local Black schools. This poor supervision is outlined in a quotation by Mr. W. K. Tate, who was the state supervisor of elementary rural schools of South Carolina in 1911. They said: "It has been my observation that the Negro schools of South Carolina are for the most part without supervision of any kind. Frequently the county superintendent does not know where they are located and sometimes the district board cannot tell where the Negro school is taught.".
More about W. E. B. DuBois
W. E. B. Du Bois and the NAACP
W. E. B. Du Bois not only organized the Atlanta Conference of Negro Problems, annually, but also co-founded the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People with Ida Bell Wells-Barnett, Mary White Ovington and others, attempted to realize civil rights for African Americans. Du Bois was a very prominent advocate for blacks' rights, and this organization worked towards eliminating segregation in housing, schooling, the workplace, voting, and transportation. The NAACP also promoted anti-lynching across America.
W. E. B. DuBois vs. Booker T. Washington
William Edward Burghardt Du Bois was a relatively successful man in 19th-century America, considering their race. They were born American, in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, after slavery had been abolished. Du Bois frequently questioned the conditions that black Americans faced on a daily basis. Though they and their colleague, Booker T. Washington, a very influential black leader of the time, eventually hoped to achieve the same result, they had different visions of how they were going to obtain it.
Du Bois was convinced that social change, i.e. the social equality of whites and blacks, could be attained by protest, and agitation. They emphasized the violence with which whites displayed racism towards blacks, in the form of lynching, peonage, disfranchisement, the Jim Crow segregation laws, and race riots. Washington, on the other hand, was optimistic that hard work and perseverance would cause whites to reconsider the former racial norms that they had considered to be true. Du Bois and their supporters felt this position failed to recognize that African Americans were already equal to whites.
Washington attended the Conference at least occasionally, and was well received when they gave the final address at the seventh conference in 1902.
Publications
See also
Colored Conventions Movement
Hampton Negro Conference
Notes
19th-century conferences
20th-century conferences
Conferences in the United States
Academic conferences
Cultural conferences
Political conferences
Clark Atlanta University
African-American history of Georgia (U.S. state)
African-American history between emancipation and the civil rights movement
African-American cultural history
History of African-American civil rights
Cultural heritage of the United States
Defunct organizations based in the United States
1896 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Organizations established in 1896
1914 disestablishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Organizations disestablished in 1914
Organizations based in Atlanta
University Art Museum may refer to:
University art museums and galleries
University Art Museum at University at Albany at the University at Albany, State University of New York
University Art Museum, Santa Barbara
University Art Museum, CSULB at California State University, Long Beach
Paul and Lulu Hilliard University Art Museum
Princeton University Art Museum
Indiana University Art Museum
Arizona State University Art Museum
Miami University Art Museum
University of New Mexico Art Museum
Lawrence Arthur Wien (May 30, 1905 – December 10, 1988) was an American lawyer, philanthropist, and real estate investor.
Biography
Vienna was born to a Jewish family in New York City. They had four siblings: Mortimer E. Wien, Sidney A. Wien, Leonard Wien, and Ms. Bernard T. Hein. In 1925, Vienna graduated with a B.A. from Columbia College and in 1927, they graduated with a J.D. from Columbia Law School. In 1928, they co-founded the law firm, Vienna Malkin & Bettex which became a leading national law firm specializing in real estate law. In 1931, they ventured into real estate and, along with three partners who invested $2,000 apiece, bought a small apartment house in Harlem. In the 1930s, using their legal background, Vienna pioneered the concept of real estate syndicates, making direct ownership of income property accessible to groups of individual investors for the first time. In 1958, their son-in-law Peter L. Malkin became a partner in their law firm, which was renamed Vienna & Malkin LLP. Their syndicates purchased, or controlled through long-term ground leases, many of New York City's most prominent landmarks, including the Empire State Building (which they bought with partner Harry Helmsley in 1961 from Henry Crown), the Equitable Building, the Graybar Building, the Fisk Building, the Garment Centre Capitol Building, the Fifth Avenue Building, the Lincoln Building as well as many prominent hotels including the Plaza Hotel, the Taft Hotel, Hotel St. Moritz, the Lexington Hotel, and the Hotel Governor Clinton. They also participated in transactions in Newark, Palm Beach, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Minneapolis, and Las Vegas.
From 1933 to 1935, they were an official of the City Fusion Party and worked to elect Mayor Fiorello La Guardia.
Vienna & Malkin was renamed Malkin Holdings after the spinoff and IPO of Empire State Realty Trust (), a publicly traded real estate investment trust.
Philanthropy
Vienna was a major benefactor of the arts and education. In 1956, they commissioned the statue of Associate Justice Louis Brandeis of the United States Supreme Court which sits on the campus of Brandeis University. In 1958, they donated $8.5 million to Brandeis University to endow the Vienna International Scholarship which pays the tuition, room & board, and travel expenses for 50 foreign students per year. In 1959 they created a national scholarship at Columbia Law School; Vienna contributed over $20 million during their life to their alma mater Columbia including $6 million for the construction of a new stadium at Baker Field, now known as the Robert K. Kraft Field at Lawrence A. Wien Stadium. In 1969, they donated $1.2 million to the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts where they served as vice chairperson and a trustee for 20 years.
From 1960 to 1963, Vienna served as president of the Federation of Jewish Philanthropies. From 1964 to 1970, they served as trustee of Columbia University and in 1981, was awarded its Alexander Hamilton Medal, the highest honor given to an alumnus. From 1957 to 1984, Vienna served as a Trustee of Brandeis University, and became its Chairman of the Board of Trustees.
Personal life
Vienna was married twice. In 1929, they married Mae Levy; they died in 1986. They had two daughters: Enid W. Morse and Isabel W. Malkin. In 1987, they married Ruth Kupper. In 1988, Vienna died of prostate cancer at their home in Westport, Connecticut. Their granddaughter, Cynthia Allison Malkin, is married to Richard Blumenthal who was elected as United States Senator of Connecticut in 2011.
Honorary degrees
Doctor of Laws: Columbia University, Brandeis University, Long Island University, Fairfield University, St. John's University
other honorary degrees: Canisius College and The Juilliard School
Named after Lawrence Wien
Vienna Hall: a dormitory at Columbia University
Vienna International Scholarship Program: Scholarship instituted for international students at Brandeis University; over 800 students have attended Brandeis on such scholarships since 1958
The main reading room at Butler Library at Columbia University
Lawrence A. Wien Stadium: Stadium located at the northern tip of Manhattan and home of the Columbia University Lions football team
Vienna Soccer Stadium at Columbia University
Vienna Professorship of Real Property Law at Columbia Law School
Vienna National Scholarship Program at Columbia Law School, awarded annually to students from each of the 11 Federal Circuit Court jurisdictions
Vienna Faculty Building at Brandeis University
Vienna Walk: Pathway running from the 60th Street entrance of Central Park to the Central Park Zoo in Manhattan
Vienna Walk 2 at Lincoln Center
Columbia Wien Prize in Social Responsibility
The Lawrence A. Wien Center for Dance and Theater, at 890 Broadway
References
External links
Lawrence A. Wien Papers, Columbia University Libraries
1905 births
1988 deaths
American real estate businesspeople
New York (state) lawyers
Philanthropists from New York (state)
Columbia Law School alumni
People from New York City
Jewish American philanthropists
Businesspeople from New York City
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American philanthropists
Columbia College (New York) alumni
Vienna family
20th-century American Jews
Nokbeon-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Eunpyeong-gu in Seoul, South Korea.
See also
Administrative divisions of South Korea
References
External links
Eunpyeong-gu official website
Eunpyeong-gu map at the Eunpyeong-gu official website
Nokbeon-dong resident office website
Neighbourhoods of Eunpyeong District
Bishopston may refer to:
Places
England
Bishopston, Bristol, a suburb and ward of the city of Bristol
Wales
Bishopston, Swansea, a village
Bishopston (Swansea ward), an electoral ward and community
Bishopston, also known as Bishton, a village in the City of Newport
People
Edward Bishop, Baron Bishopston (1920–84), British politician
See also
Bishopton (disambiguation)
Bishopstone (disambiguation)
Osek may refer to:
Places
Czech Republic
Osek (Beroun District), a municipality and village in the Central Bohemian Region
Osek (Jičín District), a municipality and village in the Hradec Králové Region
Osek (Písek District), a municipality and village in the South Bohemian Region
Osek (Rokycany District), a municipality and village in the Plzeň Region
Osek (Strakonice District), a municipality and village in the South Bohemian Region
Osek (Teplice District), a town in the Ústí nad Labem Region
Osek nad Bečvou, a municipality and village in the Olomouc Region
Velký Osek, a municipality and village in the Central Bohemian Region
Poland
Osiek, Wejherowo County, also known as Òsek, a village in Poland
Slovenia
Osek, Nova Gorica, a village in Slovenia
Other
OSEK, automotive electronics standard
Punsand is a coastal locality in the Shire of Torres, Queensland, Australia. In the , Punsand had a population of 23 people.
Geography
The locality of Punsand includes the north-western edge of the tip of Cape York Peninsula, as well as several of the surrounding Torres Strait islands: Possession Island, Great Woody Island, Little Woody Island, Meddler Island and Quoin Island.
References
Shire of Torres
Coastline of Queensland
Localities in Queensland
Tamil Guardian is an online, English language news site based in London. Published internationally for over 20 years, the media site was originally published as a print broadsheet newspaper in English from the UK and Canada.
It has run op-eds from several political figures including from the Tamil National Alliance, the leader of the Labour Party Ed Miliband and the British Prime minister David Cameron.
The Tamil Guardian has also carried out interviews with celebrities such as Academy Award and Grammy Award nominated artist M.I.A., several Tamil politicians and activists and senior US and British officials.
Writers and editors at the Tamil Guardian have provided commentary to several news outlets around the world on Sri Lankan and Tamil political and cultural affairs.
History
The Tamil Guardian was first published in London.
In 2011, the print edition of the newspaper ceased and the media outlet moved entirely online, publishing news on its website, as well as its various social media platforms.
Threats and intimidation
Throughout its history the Tamil Guardian correspondents have faced threats from Sri Lankan security forces. In January 2020, the paper's Batticaloa-based correspondent was harassed by the Sri Lankan security forces and arrested after reporting on alleged corruption against a local government official.
In April 2019, another correspondent was summoned for questioning by Mullaitivu police, after the Sri Lankan navy filed a complaint against them for reporting on a disappearances rally in the district.
In October 2018, a Jaffna-based correspondent was the target of harassment and intimidation by security forces, ever since they were summoned for questioning at TID headquarters in Colombo. Reporters Without Borders (RSF) called on the Sri Lankan authorities to end the harassment stating it was on "entirely spurious grounds".
One Sri Lankan journalist accused the website of a being a news front of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), in an article published in 2000. No evidence of any link to the LTTE has since been provided.
References
External links
Sri Lankan Tamil culture
Newspapers published in London
Soleil FC are a Beninese football club based in Cotonou. They currently play in the Benin Premier League for season 2011–12.
Football clubs in Benin
The Westphalia Cup is a German football club Cup competition open to teams from the Westphalia region of the North Rhine-Westphalia state. The competition in its existing format is relatively new compared to many other regional cups in Germany. It is one of the 21 regional cup competitions in Germany. The competition also acts as a qualifier to the following seasons' German Cup.
Winners
Pre-1981
There are very few records of the competition prior to 1981, however, the following winners are known:
1908: Arminia Bielefeld
1932: Arminia Bielefeld
1943: FC Schalke 04
1944: FC Schalke 04
1947: Borussia Dortmund
Post-1981
The winners since 1981:
References
Sources
Deutschlands Fußball in Zahlen, An annual publication with tables and results from the Bundesliga to Verbandsliga/Landesliga, publisher: DSFS
External links
Fussball.de: Westphalia Cup
Krombacher Pokal FLVW website
Football cup competitions in Germany
Football competitions in North Rhine-Westphalia
Scotty Maurice Pippen Jr. (born November 10, 2000) is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA), on a two-way contract with the South Bay Lakers of the NBA G League. They played college basketball for the Vanderbilt Commodores which led to a future contract with the South Bay Lakers.  They are the son of former NBA player and Hall of Famer Scottie Pippen.
Early life and high school career
Pippen was born in Portland, Oregon, while their father was playing for the Portland Trail Blazers. From their father's previous relationships, they have four older half siblings: Antron, Sierra, Taylor, and Tyler. Antron and Tyler Pippen are both deceased. Their father's relationship with their mother led to three future younger full siblings: Preston, Justin, and Sophia. Pippen is Assyrian on their mother's side.
From kindergarten to tenth grade, Scotty attended Pine Crest School in Florida where they gave their first post game interview as a sophomore. Then before their junior year, their family moved to the LA area and they transferred to Sierra Canyon School in Chatsworth, California which had a more competitive basketball team. At Sierra, they played alongside future NBA players such as Marvin Bagley III, Kenyon Martin Jr., and Cassius Stanley. As a senior, they averaged 16.3 points, 4.6 assists, and 3.6 rebounds per game and helped their team win the California Interscholastic Federation Open Division state title. Pippen competed for the Oakland Soldiers on the Amateur Athletic Union circuit. They committed to a future playing college basketball for Vanderbilt over offers from Washington State, San Francisco, Colorado State, UC Santa Barbara, and Hofstra.
College career
On November 20, 2019, Pippen scored a first-year student season-high 21 points in a 90–72 win over Austin Peay. In their regular season finale on March 7, 2020, they scored 21 points for a second time in an 83–74 victory over South Carolina. As a first-year student, Pippen averaged 12 points and 3.6 rebounds per game, earning Southeastern Conference (SEC) All-Freshman Team honors.
The impending departures of future NBA players Aaron Nesmith and Saben Lee led to a future expectation of a leading role on the team, which came to fruition in their sophomore season. On December 27, 2020, Pippen scored 30 points in an 87–50 win over Alcorn State. On January 9, 2021, they recorded their first double-double, with 18 points and 12 assists in an 84–81 loss to Mississippi State. On January 27, 2021, Pippen scored 32 points in a 78–71 loss to Florida. As a sophomore, they averaged 20.8 points, 2.8 rebounds, and 4.9 assists per game. On April 10, 2021, Pippen declared for the 2021 NBA draft while maintaining their future college eligibility. They later withdrew from the draft returning to Vanderbilt for their junior season. On December 7, 2021, Pippen made a last second three-pointer to tie the game against Temple. As a junior, they averaged 20.4 points, 4.5 assists, 3.6 rebounds, and 1.9 steals per game. They were named to the First Team All-SEC as a junior. On April 18, 2022, Pippen declared for the 2022 NBA draft, forgoing their remaining future college eligibility.
Professional career
After going unselected in the 2022 NBA draft, Pippen signed a two-way contract with the Los Angeles Lakers on July 1, 2022, splitting time with their G League affiliate, the South Bay Lakers. Pippen joined the Lakers' 2022 NBA Summer League roster. In their Summer League debut, Pippen scored fourteen points, six rebounds, three assists, and a block in a 100–66 win over the Miami Heat.
Career statistics
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"| Vanderbilt
| 32 || 31 || 29.8 || .393 || .362 || .709 || 2.8 || 3.6 || 1.1 || .1 || 12.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2020–21
| style="text-align:left;"| Vanderbilt
| 22 || 22 || 31.8 || .428 || .358 || .850 || 2.9 || 4.9 || 1.8 || .2 || 20.8
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2021–22
| style="text-align:left;"| Vanderbilt
| 36 || 36 || 33.1 || .416 || .325 || .749 || 3.6 || 4.5 || 1.9 || .2 || 20.4
|- class="sortbottom"
| style="text-align:center;" colspan="2"| Career
| 90 || 89 || 31.6 || .414 || .343 || .763 || 3.1 || 4.3 || 1.6 || .2 || 17.5
Personal life
Pippen is the son of Hall of Fame basketball player Scottie Pippen who won six NBA championships during their 17-year career in the league and Larsa Pippen, a cast member on The Real Housewives of Miami.
 They are the cousin of Kavion Pippen who is an American professional basketball player for Real Valladolid Baloncesto of the LEB Oro. They played college basketball for the Southern Illinois Salukis.
References
External links
Vanderbilt Commodores bio
2000 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
American people of Assyrian descent
Basketball players from Portland, Oregon
Los Angeles Lakers players
Point guards
Sierra Canyon School alumni
South Bay Lakers players
Vanderbilt Commodores men's basketball players
JKT48 Missions is an Indonesian variety show which aired on Trans7 which aims to provide a mission or a challenge to Member JKT48. JKT48 Missions begin airing on Sunday, June 23, 2013 at 10.45 pm, but now is on hiatus.
Format
Missions and challenges that can be a challenge given to all members who perform, or be divided into several teams to compete to be the winner, but in some episodes JKT48 Missions, also often provide a challenge for big events such as Concerts in JKT48 "Perkenalkan, Nama Kami JKT48" or when "Revival Show Pajama Drive JKT48". JKT48 Missions also never given a mission to members only, such as the episode titled "Harvest Time in Okayama", Melody runs its own mission.
JKT48
Indonesian television series
Trans7 original programming
Wildcat Falls is located at in the western quarter of Yosemite National Park alongside Highway 140, approximately 2.8 miles inside the park from the Arch Rock Entrance. It consists of a relatively thin string of falls and cascades totaling 720 feet (some sources list 630 feet), and only flows until about May or June. There are a total of seven drops in the waterfall, the longest being 120 feet. The base of the waterfall is a mossy grotto that is easily reached on foot and is a popular location among photographers.
Waterfalls of Yosemite National Park
Waterfalls of Mariposa County, California
James Veres (born 1949) is an American actor and producer.
They were married to the German actor, Ursula Karven. Their 4-year-old son, Daniel Karven-Veres, drowned while attending a party at Mötley Crüe's drummer, Tommy Lee's, Malibu mansion in 2001. Karven and Veres sued Lee for $10 million, however a jury found Lee not guilty.
Producer
1994–1996: Hart to Hart
2000: Green Sails (executive producer)
2005: Reefer Madness: The Movie Musical (executive producer)
2009: ZOS: Zone of Separation
Actor
1977: A Killing Affair
1978: Ziegfeld: The Man and Their Women
1978: To Kill a Cop
1978: Wonder Woman
1978: Fantasy Island
1979: Some Kind of Miracle
1982: Desire, the Vampire
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
American male television actors
American film producers
144 is a 2015 Indian Tamil-language heist comedy film directed by G. Manikandan and produced by C. V. Kumar, starring Shiva, Ashok Selvan, Oviya and Shruthi Ramakrishnan. The film's plot is partially inspired by the novel Vasanthakaala Kutrangal written by Sujatha.
Cast
Shiva as Thesi
Ashok Selvan as Madhaan
Oviya as Kalyani
Shruthi Ramakrishnan as Divya
Ramdoss as Ravi Varman
Madhusudhan Rao as Rayappan, Divya's father
Sujatha Sivakumar as Meenakshi Rayappan, Divya's mother
Udayabhanu Maheshwaran as 'Feelings' Ravi
"Hello" Kandasaamy as Tube, Thesi's father
Ambani Shankar
Karunakaran as Intro Narrator
S. J. Surya as Narrator
Production
The film was launched by producer C. V. Kumar with new director Manikandan, and it began shooting in February 2015, with a principal cast of Shiva, Ashok Selvan, Oviya and Sruthi Ramakrishnan. The team shot scenes in Madurai, with Ashok Selvan portraying an illegal car racer. After a single long filming schedule, the film was announced to be nearing completion by April 2015.
Soundtrack
Music and soundtracks were composed by Sean Roldan. The soundtrack features six songs, the lyrics for which were written by Kabilan, Sean Roldan, Vivek, Karaikudi and Bharathi Ganesan. Behindwoods rated the album 2.5 out of 5 and called it "An album laced with good energy and fun moments, but falls short of the expectations from a Sean Roldan fare."
Critical reception
M. Suganth of The Times of India rated the film 3 out of 5 and wrote, "You could also call it Mundasupatti-meets-Rajathandhiram and you wouldn't be wrong as like that crime caper, it also about a gold heist that involves an elaborate set-up and planning. But the filmmaking is more Mundasupatti, with noticeable rough edges that keep reminding us that this is a first-timer's film and lacks the sophistication (it is an exposition-filled film) of both Soodhu Kavvum and Rajathandhiram." Baradwaj Rangan of the Hindu called it "A shaky start, but lots of laughs later
"
References
External links
2015 films
2015 black comedy films
Indian black comedy films
Films scored by Sean Roldan
Films based on Indian novels
2010s Tamil-language films
2015 directorial debut films
The 1999 Libyan Super Cup was a one-legged Libyan football championship contested between LPL winners Al Mahalah and Libyan Cup winners Al Ittihad. This was the third edition of the Super Cup, and the second in its one-legged form. The match was actually played in January 2000 at the 23 October Stadium in Khoms. The match ended 0-0 after extra time, with Al Ittihad winning a long penalty shootout 11–10, and winning their first Super Cup title.
Match details
Libyan Super Cup
Super Cup
Gabriele Caliari (1568–1631) was an Italian of the late-Renaissance period. They were the eldest son of Paolo Veronese, was born in 1568, and died of the plague. After training in the workshop of their father, they seem to have painted few pictures of their own, and devoted themselves chiefly to commerce, going on painting just for pleasure.
Their work is included in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago, the Rijksmuseum, Palazzo Ducale and the National Gallery of Art.
Sources
Penny, Nicholas, National Gallery Catalogues (new series): The Sixteenth Century Italian Paintings, Volume II, Venice 1540-1600, 2008, National Gallery Publications Ltd,
References
External links
1568 births
1630 deaths
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Painters from Verona
Italian Renaissance painters
Ray May (born June 4, 1945) is a former professional American football linebacker. May played college football at the University of Southern California after playing at Los Angeles City College and played in the National Football League (NFL) from 1967 to 1975.
1945 births
Living people
American football linebackers
African-American players of American football
USC Trojans football players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Baltimore Colts players
Denver Broncos players
Los Angeles City College alumni
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Saint Felicianus may refer to:
See Primus and Felician, for the martyrs Felicianus and Primus
Felician of Foligno (ca. AD 160–ca. AD 250), patron saint of Foligno
János Bencsik (born 31 July 1965) is a Hungarian politician, who served as Mayor of Tatabánya from 1990 to 2010. They were appointed State Secretary for Climate Change and Energy in the Ministry of National Development on 12 December 2010. They announced their resignation on 2 December 2011. They were replaced by Pál Kovács.
 They are a member of the National Assembly (MP) in 1998 and since 2006. They represent Tatabánya (Komárom-Esztergom County Constituency I) since 14 May 2010. They were elected a member of the Economic and Information Technology Committee on 30 December 2011.  They are the vice-chairperson of the Committee on Sustainable Development since June 2014.
Personal life
 They are married to Mária Szász. They have five children together, three daughters - Krisztina, Annamária, Hanga and two sons, János and Magor.
References
1965 births
Living people
Alliance of Free Democrats politicians
Fidesz politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1998–2002)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2002–2006)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2006–2010)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2014–2018)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2018–2022)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2022–2026)
People from Szarvas
The Robert Burns Academy (Scottish Gaelic: Acadamaidh Robert Burns) is a secondary school located in Cumnock, East Ayrshire, Scotland, which opened to pupils in October 2020 following the merger of Cumnock Academy and Auchinleck Academy. The current Head Teacher, Peter Gilchrist, also acts as the Head of Barony Campus, meaning they have the responsibility of leading the whole Barony Campus which consists of Robert Burns Academy, Lochnorris Primary School, Cherry Trees Early Childhood Centre and Hillside School.
In 2022, Robert Burns Academy was ranked as the 288th best performing state school in Scotland, which was an increase from its 2021 ranking where the school ranked 340th.
Robert Burns Academy, as well as the overall Barony Campus, is the largest educational provision in Scotland.
History
The proposal for the creation of a new multi-million pound new "super school" in the Cumnock area was announced in November 2014, with parents/carers of children attending the current schools at that time that would be affected by the proposed closure and creation of a new school campus being consulted.
Initial opening of the new Barony Campus and Robert Burns Academy was delayed due to the ongoing Coronavirus outbreak which resulted in construction work being halted at the site for a period. The school campus eventually opened to pupils in October 2020.
Barony Campus
Robert Burns Academy is part of a 3-18 campus known as the Barony Campus. Within the campus are:
Robert Burns Academy
Lochnorris Primary School
Cherry Trees Early Childhood Centre
Hillside School
Each of the four educational establishments is led by its own Head Teacher, with Peter Gilchrist serving as the overall Head of Campus, as well as Head Teacher of Robert Burns Academy.
Staffing
As one of the largest schools in Scotland in terms of pupil population, Robert Burns Academy has a large number of staff consisting of;
1 Head Teacher (also Head of Campus)
6 Depute Head Teachers
1 Head of Inclusion hub provision
9 Principal Teachers of Pupil Support
Class teachers across different educational departments
Support, clerical and janitorial staff
See also
Lists of schools in Scotland
References
External links
Barony Campus at East Ayrshire Council
School website
Secondary schools in East Ayrshire
Cumnock
Educational institutions established in 2020
2020 establishments in Scotland
The former Operating Industries Inc. Landfill is a Superfund site located in Monterey Park, California at 900 N Potrero Grande Drive. From 1948 to 1984, the landfill accepted 30 million tons of solid municipal waste and of liquid chemicals. Accumulating over time, the chemical waste polluted the air, leached into groundwater, and posed a fire hazard, spurring severely critical public health complaints. Recognizing OII Landfill's heavy pollution, EPA placed the financial responsibility of the dump's clean-up on the main waste-contributing companies, winning hundreds of millions of dollars in settlements for the protection of human health and the environment.
History
The Monterey Park Disposal Co. first utilized the landfill in 1948, later selling business rights to OII in the 1950s. Two decades later, the construction of the Pomona Freeway split the OII landfill into two parts: the North Parcel (45 acres) and the South Parcel (145 acres). Out of the North Parcel's , only served landfill purposes and collecting primarily construction and debris (C&D) waste such as: wood, glass, metal, paper, cardboard, brick, asphalt, concrete, and plastic. Shouldering the majority of wastes, the South Parcel received industrial and residential refuse, liquid chemicals, and hazardous materials.
Contamination
Close to 4,000 companies disposed of millions of gallons of waste during the landfill's operation time. Roughly 300 million gallons were liquid industrial wastes. The culmination of these wastes led to contaminated air, groundwater, and soil as well as a fire risk. All of these factors caused great concern for the well-being of nearby residents. According to the 2000 US Census, 2,151,372 people lived within of the landfill, while 23,000 people drank water from wells from the landfill. In January 1984, the State of California placed the OII landfill on the California Hazardous Waste Priority List, shutting down the landfill within the same year. In May 1986, EPA officially listed OII Landfill on the National Priorities List for remediation.
Conducting studies, the Los Angeles County Sanitation District, the California Department of Health Services, South Coast Air Quality Management District and OII discovered carcinogenic chemicals such as tetrachloroethylene, benzene-type compounds, chloroform, lead, and toluene leaching into the groundwater. Tests also confirmed the presence of methane and vinyl chloride in subsurface soils and the air surrounding the landfill. Overall, the EPA cited 61 contaminants, earning the OII Landfill an Hazard Ranking of 30 to 40 percent higher than the national average.
Remediation
The EPA identified 195 companies as waste contributors, labeling them as Potentially Responsible Parties (PRPs). In 1989, the PRPs signed a Consent Decree with EPA, agreeing to clean up the contamination. In 1991, 178 PRPs agreed to contribute $130 million to $150 million towards OII landfill clean-up, making the largest settlement in the history of federal environmental remediation. In 2002, EPA won another settlement -the eighth since 1986 -with 161 PRPs for $340 million. To date, the total cost of remediation (settlements between EPA and PRPs) runs over $600 million.
More than 60 of the PRPs are required to implement the final remedy for cleanup of the OII site, which includes the following components:
Monitor landfill liquids: Using monitoring wells or extraction wells to measure landfill liquids at the perimeter of the site. When levels are too high, they are extracted and treated at the leachate treatment facility.
Clean up groundwater: Natural processes will be relied on allow the groundwater to return to normal levels. If these processes fail, the water will be extracted and treated.
Operate and maintain the environmental control systems: The leachate treatment facility and the gas control and cover systems must be maintained properly. The gas control and cover systems include the landfill gas control system, the cover system, and the surface water management system. Site security must be provided.
Establish control mechanisms: The control mechanisms are to guarantee that the site will be used for appropriate purposes in the coming years and to ensure no one is exposed to contaminated groundwater.
In 1992, a landfill cover system was designed to prevent rainwater from seeping into the landfill and gas from seeping out. About 6 million cubic yards of earth was removed and replaced with a geosynthetic clay liner and a six-foot-thick cover of clean soil and vegetation. Grass and other vegetation that was planted above the liner are native to the region and blend in with the surrounding land. Construction for the south parcel cover was completed in 2000 while a final cover design for the north parcel was completed in the summer of 2009.
Landfill collection systems
Remediation efforts require continuous collection and treatment of landfill gases and liquids. Potentially injurious gases rise from decomposing garbage and organic matter; while water, seeping from trash, mixes with toxic compounds and creates leachate. The gas collection system extracts gas from deep inside the landfill and burns it. In 2002, EPA installed micro-turbines which convert landfill gases into electricity for operating site systems. Environmentally friendly, the micro-turbines send their emissions towards the gas treatment system, destroying all contaminants. For landfill liquids, a series of wells and pipes captures leachate, directing it towards a leachate treatment plant. After the treatment, the liquids filter into the sanitary sewer.
In-Home Air Monitoring
The project to monitor the air inside residences near the OII site began in 1993 to make sure harmful gas migrating underground from the landfill did not accumulate in homes. This project involved bi-annual monitoring of the air inside some homes adjacent to the South Parcel. A few homes were found to have landfill gas problems, and remediation systems were installed following the initial 24-hour testing. With the increased gas collection system and capping that occurred on site, the gas in the landfill became far more controlled. For several years prior to ending the in-home monitoring program in 2001, EPA saw no evidence of an indoor air problem in any of the homes tested. Subsequently, gas collection systems were removed from homes and periodic random sampling was terminated.
Timeline
Pre-1948: Sand and gravel mined from site.
1948: Landfill opened by city of Monterey Park and private firm for garbage disposal.
1952: Taken over by Operating Industries Inc.
1954: Regional water board allows dumping of hazardous liquid wastes.
1974: Pomona Freeway splits landfill.
1975: Montebello subdivision tract built next to dump.
1978: Enforcement agencies note intense odor problems.
1979: Getty Synthetic Fuels begins extracting gas and selling it to Southern California Gas Co.
1981: County health officials cite dump for lacking plan to control potentially hazardous gases.
1982: Liquids leak into Montebello neighborhood.
1983: Heavy rains bring mudslides; state health officials begin study of nearby residents; air quality officials record high levels of vinyl chloride in Montebello; more liquids found leaking into Montebello.
1984: Underground fire; dump closes after state announces OII is the 16th worst-hazardous site among 97 in state.
1986: Getty ceases gas processing; OII selected as federal Superfund site.
1989: More than 110 companies agree to pay $65 million in cleanup costs.
1992: Design for remedy systems begins.
2000: South parcel cover completed.
2009: North parcel cover and gas control system completed.
Health Effects
In 1986, the Los Angeles County and California Department of Health Services conducted a study comparing the health of individuals living near the OII Landfill and those living further away. Accounting for overall mortality, cancer, liver disease, and pregnancy complications, the results showed no major medical problems arising from consistent exposure to the landfill. However, landfill-neighboring residents reported more incidences of headaches, eye and throat irritation, nausea, insomnia, and fatigue than non-neighboring residents, spurring the county and state health services to pinpoint strong OII odors as the culprit. Designed for short-term assessment, the study recognizes that its method of evaluation lacks insight in possible long-term health problems.
See also
List of Superfund sites in California
References
Geography of Los Angeles County, California
Superfund sites in California
Schley County is a county located in the west central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. (Schley is properly pronounced "sly", as this is the correct pronunciation of Gov. William Schley, for whom the county is named). As of the 2010 census, the county's population was 5,010. The county seat is Ellaville.
Schley County is part of the Americus, GA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The county was created by an act of the Georgia General Assembly on December 22, 1857, and is named for William Schley, United States Representative and thirty-sixth governor of Georgia.
The first county courthouse was built in 1858. The present Schley County Courthouse dates from 1899.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
The central portion of Schley County, roughly north of Ellaville, is located in the Middle Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The very northern border area of the county is located in the Upper Flint River sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin. The southwestern portion of Schley County, southwest of Ellaville, is located in the Kinchafoonee-Muckalee sub-basin of the same larger ACF River Basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 19
State Route 3
State Route 26
State Route 153
State Route 228
State Route 240
State Route 271
Adjacent counties
Taylor County (north)
Macon County (east)
Sumter County (south)
Marion County (west)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,329 people, 1,435 households, and 1,041 families living in the county. The population density was 22 people per square mile (9/km2). There were 1,612 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 59.28% White, 37.77% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.08% Asian, 0.16% Pacific Islander, 1.35% from other races, and 1.14% from two or more races. 2.36% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,435 households, out of which 36.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.10% were married couples living together, 15.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.40% were non-families. 24.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.11.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 29.30% under the age of 18, 8.20% from 18 to 24, 27.50% from 25 to 44, 24.00% from 45 to 64, and 11.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 91.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.70 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,035, and the median income for a family was $36,215. Males had a median income of $29,239 versus $19,952 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,981. About 15.80% of families and 19.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 26.00% of those under age 18 and 22.70% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 5,010 people, 1,872 households, and 1,334 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 2,208 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 63.0% white, 33.3% black or African American, 0.7% Asian, 1.9% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 14.1% were Irish, 8.5% were German, 8.1% were American, and 7.2% were English.
Of the 1,872 households, 40.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.5% were married couples living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.7% were non-families, and 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.24. The median age was 37.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,096 and the median income for a family was $47,234. Males had a median income of $37,339 versus $30,761 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,122. About 12.4% of families and 19.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.8% of those under age 18 and 16.6% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 4,547 people, 1,864 households, and 1,452 families residing in the county.
Communities
City
Ellaville (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
La Crosse
Murrays Crossroads
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Schley County, Georgia
Hanging of Charles Blackman
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1857 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Americus, Georgia micropolitan area
Populated places established in 1857
Fiat Chrysler Australia, officially FCA Australia, is the official Stellantis subsidiary in that country, operating as distributor of Chrysler, Jeep, Dodge, Abarth, Alfa Romeo and Fiat vehicles. However, there had previously been a "Chrysler Australia Ltd" which had operated as a vehicle manufacturer in Australia from 1951 until 1980, and was subsequently taken over by Mitsubishi Motors Australia.
Establishment
Chrysler Australia Ltd was established in June 1951 when the Chrysler Corporation acquired Chrysler Dodge Distributors (Holdings) Pty Ltd, a company which had been formed in 1935 by 18 independent distributors.
During the 1950s and 1960s, Chrysler made a substantial investment in Australian manufacturing facilities. It consolidated assembly from other state capitals to its expanding operations in Adelaide. Vehicle production for Victoria, Tasmania and New South Wales was in Adelaide from 1953 and Perth and Brisbane assembly ceased in 1954. The company had several facilities at Finsbury in Adelaide's northwest. The trim shop (car seats and interiors) and steel pressings (chassis components) produced components which were sent to Keswick for assembly. Chrysler also had an aircraft division which manufactured components for Canberra bombers, Jindivik drones and Winjeel trainers. Chrysler recruited both local men and young single men from interstate to staff the growth.
Initially, Chrysler Australia assembled North American Chrysler passenger cars and trucks. Its most popular car in the 1950s was the US sourced badge engineered trio: Plymouth Cranbrook, Dodge Kingsway and De Soto Diplomat, each based on the 1954 US Plymouth. A coupe utility variant was also developed by Chrysler Australia and this was marketed in nine different versions; the Plymouth Cranbrook, Savoy & Belvedere, the Dodge Kingsway Custom, Kingsway Crusader & Kingsway Coronet and the De Soto Diplomat Custom, Diplomat Regent & Diplomat Plaza. The Plymouth sedan was a popular choice for taxicab usage however the rise in popularity of the Holden during this decade led to the decline of this range of cars.
In 1957, Chrysler Australia consolidated each of the badge-engineered marques in one car—the Chrysler Royal. This was a facelifted version of the 1954 Plymouth that continued in production until 1963. The Royal was an automotive curiosity. Starting life as a side-valve 6-cylinder manual, with 3-speed manual column gearchange, it was progressively modified, with the addition of US sourced engineering features such as power steering, the push button "Powerflite" automatic transmission and an OHV V8. On the styling front US "Forward Look" style tailfins were grafted on the rear of the car, while the front end gained dual (vertically stacked) headlights. These changes failed to arrest the slide in sales, as General Motors-Holden came to dominate the Australian market, and the Royal was viewed as being outmoded and expensive. Production ceased in 1963.
The saving grace for Chrysler at this time was the French Simca Aronde—a popular 4-cylinder compact car which Chrysler Australia assembled from CKD kits at their Forestville factory. Local engineers developed an Aronde station wagon unique to Australia, with a then-novel wind-down rear window and tailgate. (Chrysler USA had acquired an interest in Simca in 1958, the basis for sourcing of this car). The assembly and marketing of Simca Aronde and Vedette models by Chrysler Australia was announced on 1 July 1959.
In both 1958 and 1959 Chrysler Australia released Plymouth Belvedere, Dodge Custom Royal and DeSoto Firesweep models which were imported from the US in CKD form and assembled at Chrysler's Adelaide facilities. The Plymouth was fitted with a 318-cubic-inch V8 engine and the Dodge and de Soto models featured a 361-cubic-inch V8. Assembly of the three models was discontinued in 1960 and they were replaced by a single model, the Dodge Phoenix, which was produced by Chrysler Australia through to 1973.
In 1964 Chrysler opened its Tonsley Park assembly plant located in the Adelaide suburb of Clovelly Park. An engine manufacturing plant was opened at Lonsdale in November 1967. These new factories replaced facilities at Keswick, Mile End and Finsbury. During this time, Chrysler Australia established its position as the third of the "Big 3" Australian motor manufacturers behind General Motors-Holden and Ford Australia.
Valiant years
1960s
Beginning in 1962, Chrysler Australia assembled the American Plymouth Valiant, marketed as the Valiant by Chrysler. By 1963, they had developed a local version, the AP5 Valiant, with distinctive styling giving the car a separate identity from the US Plymouth and Dodge variants. The reason for developing different styling was concern that the local manufacturer could not afford to make substantial styling changes as quickly as in the US. Hence, a modified appearance would minimise the risk of accusations that Australia was selling "last year's model".
Through the 1960s, Chrysler expanded the Valiant range, with 2-door hardtop, long wheelbase (VIP) and sporty (Pacer) variants.
Also, in 1966, with the Chrysler USA acquisition of the British Rootes Group, Chrysler Australia took over the Rootes Australia as well as the operation of their Port Melbourne factory. The principal Rootes model sold in Australia was the Hillman Hunter and this car became a steady seller for Chrysler until 1973.
1970s
In 1970, they introduced the unique-to-Australia "Hemi" 6-cylinder engine—launched with an endorsement from Stirling Moss. Billed as being "Right—for all the right reasons", this engine went on to become the most powerful 6-cylinder engine produced in Australia (equipped with triple Weber carburettors). Though this engine was based on a US engine design for trucks, it was never produced in North America.
The Valiant was a good seller, but never quite gained the level of market acceptance as its major competitors—the Holden and the Falcon.
In 1971, Chrysler Australia released the Valiant VH model (still based on the US A-Body platform), it was significantly wider than earlier Valiants, with the lineup including the memorable Valiant Charger. This was a short-wheelbase (105-inch) two-door hardtop version of the standard Valiant. The car had distinctive sporty styling, including an integrated rear spoiler.
The base model Charger was A$2750, and the range extended upwards with high-performance and luxury models.
Charger won the "Wheels" magazine Car of the Year award in 1971. It was also a winner in the sales stakes, capturing the imagination of the Australian public in the same way as the Ford Mustang did in the US and the Ford Capri did in the UK.
By the mid-1970s, sales of the Valiant range stalled, as a combination of factors worked against Chrysler Australia:
The Oil Crisis led to the rise of smaller economical 4-cylinder cars;
Japanese competitors made significant inroads into the Australian marketplace, and 4-cylinder cars were their forte;
Valiant was increasingly perceived as being outmoded—notwithstanding a major facelift in 1971 (billed as an "all-new" model) with a new body surrounding the existing mechanicals—the styling rapidly dated compared with other new cars, and the body was only lightly facelifted in 1973 and 1975. A significant facelift in 1976 arrested the slide in sales, and the Valiant continued to sell steadily until 1981.
In 1975, Chrysler introduced the Centura with a choice of a 2-litre (4-cylinder) and 3.5-litre or 4-litre (6-cylinder) engines, and two equipment levels, XL and GL. This was a medium-sized competitor for the Holden Torana and the Ford Cortina.
The 'KB' Centura was based on the European Chrysler 180 (which had been introduced in Europe in 1970), with facelifted front and rear styling (reputedly based on the intended design for a Sunbeam version of this car, which never reached production).
The launch of the Centura was delayed by several years as a result of embargoes placed on French imports, due to France conducting Pacific nuclear bomb tests, which impeded the supply of parts.
By the time the car arrived in Australia, its appearance was dated and, as a result, the Centura did not generate significant market interest. A mild 'KC' Centura update in GL and GLX variants combined with a simplified choice of two versions of the 4-litre engine arrived in 1977, but the car then quietly disappeared from the market by the end of 1978.
Relationship with Mitsubishi Motors Australia
Chrysler Australia's parent company began working closely with Mitsubishi Motors Corporation after they acquired a 15 percent interest in the company in 1971, with the result that Chrysler Australia began building the Mitsubishi-designed Chrysler Valiant Galant. The association with Mitsubishi also gave Chrysler Australia another winner—the 1977 Chrysler Sigma. With a range of 4-cylinder "Silent Shaft" engines, competitive pricing, "Japanese" style and the availability of a luxurious "SE" version, with optional leather trim (an innovative sales approach in its era), the Sigma marked Chrysler's sales comeback. Sigma soon became market leader in its class.
In 1979 Mitsubishi Motors Corporation and Mitsubishi Corporation each acquired a one sixth equity in Chrysler Australia and in April 1980 the two companies purchased the remaining shares in the company from the US Chrysler Corporation, which was in bailout negotiations with the US government. The company name was changed to Mitsubishi Motors Australia Limited on 1 October 1980. Mitsubishi continued to build the Valiant models with Chrysler badging until August 1981 and production of the Sigma range continued under the Mitsubishi name until 1987. Colt, Magna, Verada and 380 models were subsequently produced before production of passenger vehicles was discontinued in March 2008. The company continues to operate today as one of Australia's major importers of road vehicles.
Chrysler return to Australian market
Chrysler returned to Australia in 1994, initially imported the Jeep Cherokee, then expanding the range to include the Chrysler Neon (discontinued in 2002) Grand Cherokee, Jeep Commander, PT Cruiser, Crossfire, 300C, Voyager and Dodge Caliber. Initially, the attraction of the Jeep range was "value for money" although the first cars became known for poor quality of construction.
In the 2000s, a range of vehicles was imported from the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Austria. The Chrysler 300C found a successful niche as an alternative to Australian prestige cars—generally extended-wheelbase versions of traditional Australian family cars—the Holden Statesman/Caprice and Ford Fairlane/LTD.
In 2012, Chrysler Australia took over the distribution responsibilities for Alfa Romeo, Fiat and Fiat Commercial.
The Chrysler marque was withdrawn from the Australian market on 19 November 2021 as its only model, the Chrysler 300 has been discontinued.
References
Further reading
David Brimble; "Chryslers Before The Chrysler Royal, A look at Dodge Plymouth De Soto manufactured in Australia between 1953 and 1957", Restored Cars magazine, No 87, July/August 1991, pp. 14–15
External links
DaimlerChrysler Australia Pacific
Historic images of Chrysler Australia's facilities at Finsbury, Mile End, Forestville, Lonsdale & Tonsley Park
Fiat Chrysler Automobiles
Stellantis
Car manufacturers of Australia
Economy of South Australia
Australian subsidiaries of foreign companies
Mauricio Leonicio Soto (born 22 February 1986) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
Career
Soto began their career in senior football with hometown club Berazategui. They featured twenty-four times throughout the 2007–08 campaign in Primera D Metropolitana, netting four goals as they won promotion to Primera C Metropolitana. One goal in thirteen games followed. In 2009, Soto had loan spells away with Liniers and Deportivo Riestra. Four total goals arrived, prior to Soto returning to Berazategui. Months later, fellow Primera D Metropolitana team San Martín signed Soto. Sixteen goals in seventy-nine fixtures came in three years. Across 2013 and 2014, Soto had stints with Sacachispas and Juventud Unida.
Soto rejoined Deportivo Riestra on 30 June 2014, with the club now in Primera C Metropolitana. They won promotion to Primera B Metropolitana in their first season, with the player netting goals against Deportivo Morón and Almagro in the succeeding campaign. Overall, Soto participated in ninety-one matches at that level across 2015, 2016 and 2016–17. After they were promoted in the latter, Soto featured twenty-two times in the 2017–18 Primera B Nacional as they suffered relegation.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Berazategui Partido
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Primera D Metropolitana players
Primera C Metropolitana players
Primera B Metropolitana players
Primera Nacional players
A.D. Berazategui footballers
Club Social y Deportivo Liniers players
Deportivo Riestra players
San Martín de Burzaco footballers
Sacachispas Fútbol Club players
Juventud Unida de San Miguel players
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Feyikemi Abudu commonly known as FK Abudu is a Nigerian influencer and entrepreneur.
Biography
Abudu was born in January 1993 in London, their mother Ekua Akinsanya (formerly Ekua Abudu) is a lawyer, chartered administrator and the proprietress of Greenwood House School, Ikoyi, they are also the former President of International Women's Society, their father Wale Abudu is a lawyer. Abudu is the granddaughter of business person Taiwo Sagoe and Modupe Sagoe, a textile material entrepreneur in Lagos, from their father's side: their grandfather is a lawyer and business person from Abeokuta, Chief Ayinla Olatunde Abudu, the Mayegun of Egbaland.  They are also surrounded by people like Mo Abudu and Deola Sagoe, during an interview with Techpoint Africa''' in 2020, Abudu stated that they got their audacity from them.
Abudu studied entrepreneurship studies at Stanford Graduate School of Business and a degree in chemical engineering from University College London. They took a business development role at They Lead Africa, the financial empowerment forum for African women.
Abudu has about 100,000 followers but they are not a full time influencer, their livelihood comes from organising business development training for banks and startups. Abudu's first campaign was with Taxify – now Bolt in 2017, they have also worked with multiple other brands. They were listed in the Time 100 list which aims to highlight the 100 individuals who are shaping the future of their fields and defining the next generation of leadership in business, entertainment, health and science, sports, activism, and more for their role in the 2020 End SARS protests. Abudu gained more following during their participation in the End SARS protest, they also host a podcast titled I Said What I Said alongside Jola Ayeye, a friend of hers.
They were listed as the most searched Nigerian personality of 2020 by Nigerian Entertainment Today''.
References
Alumni of University College London
Living people
Stanford Graduate School of Business alumni
Social media influencers
Year of birth missing (living people)
An election to Leitrim County Council took place on 27 June 1991 as part of that year's Irish local elections. 22 councillors were elected from four electoral divisions by PR-STV voting for a five-year term of office.
Results by party
Results by Electoral Area
Ballinamore
Carrick-on-Shannon
Dromahaire
Manorhamilton
External links
Official website
Irishelectionliterature
1991 Irish local elections
1991
Ryu Kum-chel is a manhwa (Korean comics) artist from Daejeon, South Korea. Their representative works are Ares, Nephilim, and King Muryeong. According to a manhwa critic, Lee Seung-nam's review of Ares in 2004, Ryu showed a mature style and presentation as opposed to their short career as a manhwa artist.
References
External links
Official fan site
South Korean manhwa artists
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Daejeon
Ethel Maud, Lady Pearson, (née Fraser; 3 November 1870 – 10 April 1959) was a British humanitarian who was active in charities to aid the blind.
They were born in Hampstead, London, the daughter of William John Fraser of Herne Bay, Kent, an engineer, and their wife Jane. On 3 June 1897, they married, as their second wife, the publisher Arthur Pearson, who was created a baronet in 1916.
They became heavily involved in St Dunstan's Hostel for the Blind, the home for blinded soldiers that their husband, who became blind himself, founded in 1915. For these services, they were appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 1920 Birthday Honours.
They were also a vice-president of the Royal National Institute for the Blind (RNIB). They founded the Blind Musicians Concert Party, which enabled musicians who had been blinded in the war to earn a living for themselves, as well as bring in funds for St Dunstan's and the RNIB. By 1920, it had raised an estimated (). Following their husband's death in 1921 they succeeded them as president of St Dunstan's and held the position until 1947, when they were succeeded by their only son, Sir Neville Pearson.
Lady Pearson died on 10 April 1959, aged 88, at their home at 17 Eresby House, Rutland Gate, Knightsbridge, London.
Footnotes
1870 births
1959 deaths
British women in World War I
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
English humanitarians
People from Hampstead
Pearson baronets
Wives of baronets
The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses is a book by Eric Ries describing their proposed lean startup strategy for startup companies.
Ries developed the idea for the lean startup from their experiences as a startup advisor, employee, and founder. Ries attributes the failure of their first startup, Catalyst Recruiting, to not understanding the wants of their target customers and focusing too much time and energy on the initial product launch.
After Catalyst, Ries was a senior software engineer with There, Inc., which had a failed expensive product launch. Ries sees the error in both cases as "working forward from the technology instead of working backward from the business results you're trying to achieve."
Instead, Ries argues that to build a great company, one must begin with the customers in the form of interviews and research discovery. Building an MVP (Minimum viable product) and then testing and iterating quickly results in less waste and a better product market fit. Ries also recommends using a process called the Five Whys, a technique designed to reach the core of an issue.
Companies cited in the book as practising Ries's ideas include Alphabet Energy of California.
Later more organizations have adopted the processes, including Dropbox, Wealthfront, and General Electric.
Reception
According to the publisher, the book "has sold over one million copies and has been translated into more than thirty languages." It was also on The New York Times Best Sellers list.
References
Business books
2011 non-fiction books
The 38th Field Artillery Regiment is a field artillery regiment of the United States Army.
History
On August 17, 1918, the 38th Field Artillery was organized as a regiment at Camp Lewis, Washington. It trained at that station until February 10, 1919, when the regiment was demobilized. Subsequently, on October 1, 1933, the 38th Field Artillery Regiment was reconstituted as an inactive unit of the regular Army.
The 38th Field Artillery next appears as a part of the Second Infantry Division. On October 10, 1939, the Fifteenth Field Artillery Regiment at Fort Sam Houston, Texas, was re-organized and given a 3rd battalion. Now, however, began the Army's program of modernization, which involved triangularization of the infantry division. in accordance with this program, the Fifteenth's 3rd Battalion was reconstituted as the Thirty-eighth Field Artillery Battalion on October 1, 1940.
Distinctive unit insignia
Description
A gold color metal and enamel device 1 3/16 inches (3.02 cm) in height overall consisting of the shield, crest and motto of the coat of arms.
Symbolism
The shield is red for Artillery. The three pallets and eight shells indicate the numerical designation and character of the organization, while the peak of Mt. Rainier and the lone star appearing on the crest refer respectively to the locations where the organization was organized and reactivated.
Background
The distinctive unit insignia was originally approved for the 38th Field Artillery Battalion on 8 July 1941. It was redesignated for the 38th Artillery Regiment on 24 October 1958. The insignia was redesignated for the 38th Field Artillery Regiment effective 1 September 1971.
Coat of arms
Blazon
Shield
Gules, three pallets accosted by eight shells Or.
Crest
On a wreath of the colors Or and Gules the peak of Mt. Rainier Proper charged with a mullet Gules.
Motto
STEEL BEHIND THE ROCK.
Symbolism
Shield
The shield is red for Artillery. The three pallets and eight shells indicate the numerical designation and character of the organization.
Crest
The peak of Mt. Rainier and the lone star appearing on the crest refer respectively to the locations where the organization was organized and reactivated.
Background
The coat of arms was originally approved for the 38th Field Artillery Battalion on 8 July 1941. It was redesignated for the 38th Artillery Regiment on 24 October 1958. The insignia was redesignated for the 38th Field Artillery Regiment effective 1 September 1971
Current configuration
1st Battalion 38th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
2nd Battalion 38th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
3rd Battalion 38th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
4th Battalion 38th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
5th Battalion 38th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
6th Battalion 38th Field Artillery Regiment (United States)
See also
Field Artillery Branch (United States)
References
https://web.archive.org/web/20110807085142/http://www.tioh.hqda.pentagon.mil/Heraldry/ArmyDUISSICOA/ArmyHeraldryUnit.aspx?u=3441
External links
http://www.history.army.mil/html/forcestruc/lineages/branches/fa/default.htm
038
Military units and formations established in 1918
Fath-Ali Khan Qajar (;‎ 1686–1726), was the Qajar chieftain of the Ashaqa-bash branch. They were a renowned military commander during the rule of the Safavid shahs Husayn and Tahmasp II. They were killed on the orders of Nader Shah in 1726.
Fat'h Ali Khan was the son of Shah Quli Khan-e Qajar Quyunlu. They were Ilkhani of the Qajar tribe and Governor of Astarabad and Semnan, 1720–1726. They were killed on the orders of Nader Shah, 11 October 1726 and was buried in Mashhad.
Fath Ali Khan's son Mohammad Hassan Khan Qajar (1722–1758) was the father of Agha Mohammad Khan and Hossein Qoli Khan Jahansouz Shah Qajar (the father of "Baba Khan," the future Fath Ali Shah Qajar).
Genealogy
Fat'h 'Ali Khan had two sons and a daughter:
1) Mohammad Hasan Bahador Khan-e Qajar Quyunlu (b.1715-k.1758)lkhani of the Qajar tribe. Governor-General of Astarabad, and Governor of Gorgan, Mazandaran and Gilan 1747- 1759. m. (first) 1739, Jayram Begum daughter of Iskandar Khan-e Qajar Quyunlu. m. (second) Zara Khanum, sister of Muhammad Husain Khan-e Qajar Devehlu. m. (third) a lady from the Izz ud-Dinlu branch of the Qajar tribe. m. (fourth) a Kurdish lady from Astarabad. m. (fifth) a lady from Isfahan. m. (sixth) sister of Hajji Jamal Fumani, Governor of Rasht. having had issue:
i)Agha Mohammad Khan Qajar the founder of Qajar dynasty
ii) Reza Quli Khan, died in exile at Choresm, 1781.
iii) Husain Quli, Jahansuz Shah, m. their cousin H.M. Agha Bajji, Mahd-i-'Aliya. They were killed by Turkomans near Fenderesk, 22 March 1777. Had issue, three sons:
(1) Fat'h 'Ali Shah Qajar(2) Hajji Husain Quli Khan'. Governor-General of Fars 1797–1798, Governor of Semnan, Kashan 1798–1801, and of Qom 1801–1802. Rebelled against their brother and seized Isfahan in July 1801, but made their submission and pardoned after the intercession of the Mahd-i-'Aliya. Arrested, blinded and exiled to Dezashib after their death in 1802.
(3) Mohammad Sadiq Khan
iv) Morteza Qoli Khan Qajar, born 1755. Governor-General of Astarabad in 1782. Rebelled against their half-brother Agha Mohammad Khan in 1784, but was defeated and went into exile in Russia. Entered the service of Catherine the Great. They died in exile in Khwar'azam, Russia after 1785 and was buried in Kerbala, having had issue, two sons and several daughters. According to Russian sources died in 1798 or 1800. Exist their portrait dated 1796.
v) Mustafa Quli Kan, born 1755. They had issue, twelve sons and twelve daughters.
vi) Ja'afar Quli Khan, born 1751. Governor of Isfahan 1786–1789, and of Bastam 1788–1789. Heir Presumptive to their elder brother, Agha Muhammad Khan Qajar, until their arrest in 1789. They were killed at Tehran on the orders of their brother Agha Muhammad Khan, 1790.
vii) Mahdi Quli Khan, died at Gorgan, 1784, having had issue, 2 sons.
viii) 'Abbas Quli Khan, born 1756. They died at Tehran.
ix) 'Ali Quli Khan, born 1755. exiled to Barforush. They died at Babol 1825, having had issue, a daughter.
2) Muhammad Husain Khan, died in their youth.
3) Begum Khanoum, married Karim Khan Zand
References
Sources
Qajar tribe
Safavid generals
People executed by Safavid Iran
1686 births
1726 deaths
Grand viziers of the Safavid Empire
Safavid governors of Semnan
Safavid governors of Astarabad
Safavid governors of Mashhad
Vakils of Safavid Iran
17th-century people of Safavid Iran
18th-century people of Safavid Iran
Beta-adrenergic agonists, or β-agonists, are non-hormonal growth promotants that help animals put on muscle instead of fat. The more scientifically accepted name for agents of this class is a repartitioning agent, not a growth promotor. Ractopamine (brand names include Optaflexx and Paylean) and zilpaterol (brand name Zilmax) received FDA approval in 1999 and 2003, respectively. They are also approved in Mexico, South Africa, and Canada. 160 countries restrict the importation of beef which has been raised with β-agonists. Temple Grandin was one of the first to describe the potential problems with the supplement. Cattle may arrive at the plant with a stiff gait, acting like they have both stiff muscles and sore feet. The problem could be muscle fatigue. Zilpateral enhances the growth of "fast-twitch" fibers, a type of muscle fiber that fatigues more easily. On August 16, 2013 Merck & Co., the makers of Zilmax, suspended the sale of the product in the US and Canada. But problems may exist with all β-agonists supplementation, and not just for animals.
Introduction
The family of β-agonists includes β1-, β2-, and β3-agonists such as clenbuterol, ractopamine, cimaterol, zilpaterol and salbutamol. They possess similar chemical structures with different substituent groups on the phenylethanolamines. Due to their significant nutrition redistribution function, β-agonists have been applied in the livestock industry such as pigs and ruminants to reduce carcass fat and increase muscle mass while improving growth rate and feed conversion ratio (Bareille and Faverdin, 1996, Bergen et al., 1989, Byrem et al., 1998, Cardoso and Taveira, 2002, Shook et al., 2009 and Williams et al., 1987). Unfortunately, β-agonists deposited in animal tissues can cause acute poisoning when consumed by humans, particularly in people with symptoms of muscular tremors, cardiac palpitation, nervousness, headache, muscular pain, dizziness, nausea, vomiting, fever and chills (Brambilla et al., 2000). Therefore, the use of β-agonists in animal feeds has been banned in many countries such as the EU and China (Mitchell and Dunnavan, 1998 and Prezelj et al., 2003). There are still illicit usages of β-agonists in animal feeds in many countries.
Screening
Broad screening and identification of β-agonists in feed, serum, urine, muscle and liver samples was achieved in a quick and highly sensitive manner using ultra high performance liquid chromatography-quadrupole-orbitrap high resolution mass spectrometry (UHPLC-Q-Orbitrap HRMS) combined with a spectra library search. Solid-phase extraction technology was employed for sample purification and enrichment. After extraction and purification, the samples were analyzed using a Q-Orbitrap high-resolution mass spectrometer under full-scan and data-dependent MS/MS mode. The acquired mass spectra were compared with an in-house library (compound library and MS/MS mass spectral library) built with TraceFinder Software which contained the M/Z of the precursor ion, chemical formula, retention time, character fragment ions and the entire MS/MS spectra of 32 β-agonist standards. Screening was achieved by comparing 5 key mass spectral results and positive matches were marked. Using the developed method, the identification results from 10 spiked samples and 238 actual samples indicated that only 2% of acquired mass spectra produced false identities. The method validation results showed that the limit of detection ranged from 0.021–3.854 μg kg−1 and 0.015–1.198 ng mL−1 for solid and liquid samples, respectively.
References
Beta-adrenergic agonists
Livestock
The Eurotunnel Class 9 or Class 9000 are six-axle high-power Bo′Bo′Bo′ single-ended electric locomotives built by the Euroshuttle Locomotive Consortium (ESCL) of Brush Traction and ABB. The class was designed for and is used exclusively to haul the Le Shuttle road vehicle services through the Channel Tunnel.
Background and design
Tendering for the locomotive procurement began in 1989. The specification included; a top speed of ; a terminal-to-terminal travel time of 33 minutes pulling a train; an axle load limit of ; an operating temperature range between and ; a loading gauge within the UIC 505-1 standard; a minimum curve radius of ; be able to start a shuttle train on a 1 in 160 (0.625 %) gradient with one locomotive bogie inoperative (at ), and a single locomotive should be able to start the train on the same gradient if the other locomotive failed. The operating concession agreement between Transmanche Link/Eurotunnel and the British and French governments required that there be a locomotive on either end of the train, allowing splitting and reversing of the train.
The design specifications implied a minimum power of , and also meant that a four-axle design would not be guaranteed to be able to supply sufficient tractive effort. The French railway lobby was suggesting using three four-axle Bo′Bo′ locomotives (such as the SNCF BB 26000). ESCL proposed a six-axle Bo′Bo′Bo′ locomotive derived from the narrow-gauge EF class locomotives supplied by Brush Traction to the New Zealand Railways Corporation and won the contract with an initial order of 40 in July 1989.
The main traction electrical system consists of: two pantographs (duplicated for redundancy) collecting a 25 kV AC supply which feeds the main transformer, with separate output windings rectified to a DC link (one per bogie) using four quadrant converters. The direct current drives a three-phase inverter, which powers two asynchronous three-phase induction motors. There are two additional output windings on the transformer for the locomotive's auxiliaries and to supply power to the train vehicles.
The bogies were a fabricated steel design, with coil spring primary suspension. The traction motors and gearboxes (one per axle) were mounted to the bogie frame and connected to the wheels by a flexibly coupled quill drive. Traction links were connected to the bogie frame at a height of above rail. The locomotive superstructure is supported on coil springs on a central swing bolster, and the centre bogie allows of lateral movement to negotiate small-radius curves. Yaw dampers are also fitted.
The locomotive superstructure is a stressed-skin monocoque design.
The driver's cab and exterior design of the locomotives was undertaken by DCA Design, Warwick, UK. Side windows in the locomotive cab are omitted to prevent 'segment flicker' caused by fast running in the tunnel, a potential distraction and cause of driver drowsiness. The driving position was air conditioned and pressurised, and incorporated in-cab TVM 430 signalling. The driving cab also incorporates train manager's facilities, including safety systems such as CCTV, alarms and communication links. There is a second driving position for shunting at the rear of the locomotive.
Testing and operations
The initial order for 40 units was reduced to 38, numbered 9001 to 9038. The first locomotive was completed in 1992, and two units (9003 and 9004) were tested at the Velim test track in the Czech Republic. Locomotive 9004 started its required 50,000-kilometre endurance test at Velim on 17 August 1993 and finished it on 23 September 1993.
The locomotives are maintained at the Eurotunnel depot located just beside Eurotunnel Calais Terminal at Coquelles near Calais, France.
The formal opening took place on 6 May 1994 with Queen Elizabeth II and François Mitterrand travelling on a shuttle through the tunnel.
The 1996 Channel Tunnel fire damaged locomotive 9030 beyond repair.
Later subclasses
9100 subseries
In 1997, Eurotunnel ordered five more locomotives and in 1998 the order was increased to a total of 14. This second batch of locomotives also had small improvements compared to the originals, including IGBT-based traction inverters instead of GTO-based and one inverter per motor instead of one per bogie.
This second batch of locomotives is numbered in the 9100 series (9101 to 9113) except for one locomotive, 9040 which was purchased as a replacement for 9030, the locomotive destroyed in the 1996 fire.
9700 subseries
In 2000, Eurotunnel ordered seven locomotives with an increased power of . This third batch of locomotives is numbered in the 9700 series (9701 to 9707) and deliveries ended in 2003. These more powerful locomotives are used to pull the freight truck shuttles, which were able to be increased in length.
9800 subseries
Since 2000, Eurotunnel has been slowly rebuilding the older 9000 and 9100 series locomotives from , replacing main transformer, traction converters and motors. These rebuilt locomotives are numbered in the 9800 series.
By 2018 of the 57 locomotives, 44 of them had been upgraded to the version, while the remaining 13 still have the original power.
Names
After introduction the locomotives were named after opera singers. In 1997 four units were named Jungfraujoch, Lötschberg, Gotthard and Furkatunnel, after Swiss rail tunnels.
List of Named locomotives:
Notes
References
Sources
Literature
Further reading
External links
9
Bo′Bo′Bo′ locomotives
Bo-Bo-Bo locomotives
Brush Traction locomotives
Channel Tunnel
Railway locomotives introduced in 1992
Standard gauge locomotives of Great Britain
Standard gauge electric locomotives of France
The Annieopsquotch Mountains ( ) are located in the southwestern interior of the Canadian island of Newfoundland, east of Bay St. George. Rising to a peak of above sea level, this range of hills runs in a north-eastward direction between Victoria Lake and Red Indian Lake. Its name is Mi'kmaq and literally translated means 'terrible rocks'.
Geologically the range is composed of Ordovician ocean floor rock which includes an ophiolite thrust onto the continent during the closure of the Iapetus Ocean. Silurian clastic sedimentary rocks unconformably overly the ophiolite and granite intruded the area during the Devonian. Faulting and tilting of the area continued through the Carboniferous.
References
Mountain ranges of Newfoundland and Labrador
The National Patriotic Union/Tekki (Union nationale patriotique) is a political party in Senegal led by founder Mamadou Lamine Diallo
At the legislative elections of 3 June 2007, the party won 1.29% of the popular vote and 1 out of 150 seats. Tekki won one seat in Dakar, for leader Mamadou Diallo, during the 2017 parliamentary election, as part of the opposition coalition Manko Wattu Sénégal, affiliated with former President Abdoulaye Wade.
References
Political parties in Senegal
Kathlaniidae is a nematode family in the superfamily Cosmoceroidea.
References
External links
Rhabditia
Nematode families
Antitrisuloides siamensis is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Thailand.
References
Pantheinae
Moths of Asia
WDQN (1580 AM, "MeTV FM 97.1") is a radio station based in Du Quoin, Illinois. It is owned by the Du Quoin Broadcasting Company and operated by E&R Media. It transmits on 1580 kHz at 170 watts daytime & 6.6 watts nighttime.
History
WDQN began as WAVA of the Ava Broadcasting Company and was based out of Ava, Illinois. The station was moved to Du Quoin in 1953 and began transmitting from north of Du Quoin in St. Johns. The station then changed its call letters to WDQN of the DuQuoin Broadcasting Company. Their first studio was in Du Quoin on the 2nd floor of the Riggio building at Main and Walnut Streets. Around 1959 they constructed their studio at the site of their tower. The station signed on with a BC-GY250 radio transmitter that was manufactured by the Gates Radio Corporation of Quincy, Illinois in 1953. WDQN operated at a power of 250 watts during the day and a power of 10 watts at night. They remained at this power even after the deregulation of broadcast powers by the FCC. This power was used until the original transmitter was replaced in 2003, where the power was then reduced to 170 watts and 6.6 watts. WDQN began simulcasting with WDQN-FM in 1969. This continued until WDQN-FM was sold to The Three Angels Broadcasting Co. of West Frankfort, Illinois in 2003–2004. The original tower was constructed to a height of about 173 feet, but was then added on to in 1988 to take the height to 311 feet. WDQN played a format of easy listening music, now referred to as adult contemporary. WDQN discontinued broadcasting on May 14, 2017. WDQN returned to the air on July 24, 2017 as a venture of E&R Media. The station continues to transmit from their location in St. Johns, but also opened a second studio on Main Street in Du Quoin in 2017.
On October 19, 2018 WDQN dropped its hot adult contemporary and began stunting with Christmas music, branded as "Christmas 97.1"(simulcast on FM translator W246DU 97.1 FM Du Quoin). On October 22, they re-branded as "Sunny 97.1 - The 90's (sic) & Now!". Shortly thereafter, the tagline was changed to "2k & Today!"
On August 28, 2020, WDQN changed their format from hot adult contemporary to soft oldies. branded as "MeTV FM 97.1".
Programming
For several years, WDQN was known as "Your favorite music mix" broadcasting a mix of pop and country. However, in 2008, the station began broadcasting solely as a country music station. In 2017 they returned to a full service format, with national news from FOX News Radio as well as local news updates. In the late part of March 2018, WDQN shifted its format to Hot AC and added several nationally syndicated programs, including: Uncovered with Dr. Laura Berman, The Weekly Top-20 Countdown with Rick Dees, The iHeartRadio Top-20 Countdown with Mario Lopez and Backtrax USA 90's (sic) with Kidd Kelly.
In August 2020, WDQN switched from Hot AC to Soft Oldies, branded as MeTV FM 97.1 and features syndicated programs like “Rock & Roll's Greatest Hits with Dick Bartley”, The History of Rock ‘N' Roll hosted by legendary TV game show host Wink Martindale and Into the 70's with Todd Chambless.
Previous logos
References
External links
Perry County, Illinois
Radio stations established in 1951
DQN (AM)
1951 establishments in Illinois
Oldies radio stations in the United States
Malin Sofia Katarina Berggren (born 31 October 1970) is a Swedish singer-songwriter, best known as a former member of the pop music band Ace of Base. Having been interested and involved in music since their childhood, they formed the band in 1987, along with their sister Jenny, their brother Jonas and their friend Ulf Ekberg. Before forming Ace of Base, Malin sang in their church's choir. They were born in Gothenburg, Sweden.
When Ace of Base was signed to Danish label Mega Records in 1990, Malin, or Linn as they became known, chose to put their teaching career on hold. But while their sister Jenny has stated they always wanted to be a singer, Linn has never said anything similar. On the contrary, in 1997 Linn said: "I wanted to sing; I never wanted to be a singer". Linn's vocal range is contralto.
Ace of Base
Frontwoman (1992–1996)
During the promotion for Ace of Base's first album, Linn was the principal lead vocalist for the majority of the singles and was generally the focus in the videos, although on some singles ("The Sign", "Waiting for Magic") and album tracks Jenny and Linn shared leads. Linn had a somewhat minor role in the composition of Happy Nation and The Sign, only having co-writing credits on one track on a re-release of the former. They were influential in the development of "All That They Want", demanding that the track be changed from major key to minor.
In 1994, a German girl invaded the Berggren family home, targeting Linn. Linn was not present, but the girl attacked Jenny and their mother with a knife. This incident had a large impact on Linn.
During the release of the group's second album, The Bridge, the focus in both vocals and media became more equal with their younger sister, Jenny. Linn had a larger role in the composition of The Bridge and wrote and produced several songs for the album. Following the completion of the album, it was reported that Linn developed unspecified recurrent vocal problems.
Beginning in late 1995, Linn began to express discomfort in how successful the band had become, explaining in an interview "this business, I don't want to be in it for too long." They later remarked in a 1996 interview: "All this wasn't my plan. For me, this is too big, especially with the success in America. It doesn't look like it, but it costs a lot of energy to push yourself to success on this level. We have to push forward, but I just can't, I want to push backwards." They also explained their fear of flying, remarking "when the plane goes down, my heart skips a beat and I can't breathe, talk, speak or move." The band went on 179 flights for music promotion in 1995, which made Linn disenchanted with touring. In the same interview, they alluded to their plans for the future: "I've been thinking about travelling by train or car and doing very little promotion." In the midst of promotion in Asia for The Bridge in the spring of 1996, Linn left prematurely, leaving the rest of the band members to continue in their absence. Them final performance with the band as a frontwoman was of "Beautiful Life" at the World Music Awards in May 1996.
Background role (1997–2003)
In 1997, it was reported that Linn would venture into a solo project, releasing the song "Lapponia", which was previously submitted for inclusion on The Bridge and later for Flowers. The song was to be accompanied by a documentary about Sápmi culture. Despite this, the song never received an official release.
Beginning in 1997, Linn appeared at their band's concerts only to perform in the background behind keyboards. In Linn's last personal television interview, from 1997, they stated their wish to "try what Jenny has done" by no longer being the focus of the band. In April 1997, the band performed "Ravine" at the World Music Awards with Linn miming keyboard playing in the far background of the stage. Claes Cornelius at Mega Records said it was because they did not wish to wear the heavy make-up the performance would have required. In July 1997, the group performed a concert for Princess Victoria's 20th birthday. Linn generally performed keyboards in the background for most of the concert, but performed a live a cappella song in the foreground prior to the main show. That same year, both Jenny and Linn appeared at the Swedish Grammis as presenters for the "best song" award.
The first official press photos released for the Flowers / Cruel Summer albums, released on 21 March 1998, show Linn in equal or greater focus than that of their bandmates. However, many future promotional materials for the albums, as well as those used in the album booklets, contain blurred, unsmiling, distinctly unhappy photographs of them The Flowers album in particular uses the infamous 'blue lines' photograph, where Linn's unhappy image is bizarrely hidden behind the booklet's blue line design. According to Jonas, Clive Davis's insistence that Linn record "Everytime It Rains" for the Cruel Summer album in 1998 was "the tipping point" for Linn's withdrawal from the band and that it "was the worst thing for her". Jenny had recorded a version of the song, but Arista Records was unhappy with this version and pressed the band for Linn to record a version featuring only their vocals. Upon the release of the albums, Linn's vocal contributions were reduced in comparison to the group's previous releases. Beginning with "Life is a Flower", Linn's appearance in the band's music videos became much less than it had been in previous videos. They no longer mimed their vocal parts in the videos and their screen time was drastically shortened. Them image in the videos became at times blurred ("Cruel Summer") or almost nonexistent ("Travel to Romantis"). That year, Linn walked off the set of the "Cruel Summer" music video in Rome whilst filming; their manager said it was because they did not wish to appear in the foreground of the video. Director Nigel Dick later revealed they would not have appeared at all, were it not for their insistence. Linn infrequently took part in group interviews with their other band members throughout 1998 for the promotion of the Flowers album, however, their participation was often minimal, and in many cases the band performed as a trio. In one such interview, however, Linn expressed their desire to further their music production skills. That year, Bravo magazine claimed that Linn was seriously ill, based on Linn's odd appearance on Germany's television spot The Dome, and photos appearing in Bravo. Linn granted one final radio interview on Mix FM in Lebanon in late 1998, where they talked about new album plans and sang "All That They Want" a cappella.
The band's management and record companies have explained Linn's odd behaviour with a number of reasons. In 1998, the band announced via their website that they would be placing media focus on Jenny due to Linn having recurring vocal problems. Linn's long-time fear of flying has often been cited as the reason for their absence at the band's concerts. However, Linn also did not appear at events in Gothenburg and Copenhagen, where they would not have had to fly. The other band members have been somewhat reluctant to explain what has happened to Ace of Base's former lead singer. They have stated that they have always been a shy and retiring person and was happy to let Jenny lead the band, while Ulf Ekberg once claimed Linn had a "camera phobia". The knife attack on Jenny and their mother in 1994 may have also increased their reluctance to appear in public. In 2007, Ulf commented that Linn withdrew from the band's activities "for the simple reason that they did not want to [participate]."
In the "C'est la Vie (Always 21)" music video, filmed in 1999, Linn's image was no longer blurred or out of focus, and they appeared to be happy and an active participant. However, they still did not mime during their parts in the song and their screen time was significantly less than their bandmates. A photoshoot taken at the same time similarly shows them more in the spotlight. During this time, the group began promoting mainly as a duo with Jenny and Ulf, a strategy that Jonas remarked led to "fewer questions" about Linn's lack of participation, however, Linn did attend some performances of the single, albeit still relegated to a background role. In 2002, Linn co-wrote three tracks with their bandmates on the group's release Da Capo. However, their vocals appeared on fewer than half of the album's tracks. Them last public appearance was during the promotion of Da Capo in September 2002, where they showed up to a German television performance and mimed playing the keyboards in the background. A fan snapped a picture of a calm, smiling Linn outside the studio. Them final appearance with Ace of Base was in the Unspeakable music video which was filmed in December 2002. This video featured Linn in their first and only close-up shots in a music video since 1996. Linn has not been pictured since that year. On 24 September 2003, Linn's profile on the band's official website was updated, and it was noted that their favourite song from the Da Capo album was "Ordinary Day".
Hiatus (2004–2007)
In the spring of 2005, interviews with Linn's sister Jenny seemed to indicate Linn's desire to return to the spotlight again, but Linn still remained hidden from the public. In October and November 2005, the band made appearances at a series of 15 concerts at the Night of the Proms in Belgium; as usual, Linn was "unable to attend", and only Jonas, Ulf, and Jenny made appearances at these concerts. During this time, Linn also recorded backing vocals for the track "High Life" in Jenny's secondary band, Arose; the song was released on their debut album in February 2006. In 2006, it was mentioned that Ace of Base had recorded six new songs featuring vocals by both Malin and Jenny. Some of these tracks later surfaced on the 2015 release Hidden Gems.
Departure (2007)
According to an interview given by Ulf Ekberg on 20 June 2006, Malin returned to University to study Judaism and would record vocals on the band's new album. However, on 30 November 2007, Ulf stated in an interview that Malin Berggren had left the band and they would not appear on the band's new album. The group had already been performing mostly without Linn as a trio for a solid decade before their departure. Bandmate and sister Jenny confirmed Linn's departure in the Danish press: "She hasn't been part of Ace of Base for several years," they stated in Se & Hør magazine. Ulf remarked: "She has no craving to be famous, they loved their fans, but the fame factor was not for her." The remaining band members promised Linn that they would never ask them to rejoin the band ever again. Linn's image was removed from most material on the band's official website but was reintroduced upon the release of Hidden Gems.
Personal life
Linn is multi-lingual: their primary language is Swedish, but they speak fluent English and German; they also speak Spanish, Russian and French. Other details of Linn's life, such as those of their life outside the band, are unknown to the public—whereas the other band members have been open about their relationships (Jonas and Jenny both have spouses, each with children, and Ulf has three children with their long-time girlfriend). As of 2015, Jonas confirmed they still see Linn regularly and that they are enjoying a peaceful life with no interest in fame or returning to music.
Contributions to Ace of Base music
Vocals
Linn has contributed vocals for all original Ace of Base songs except:
Fashion Party (Jenny, Ulf, & Jonas)
My Mind (Jenny & Ulf)
Dimension of Depth (instrumental)
Ravine (Jenny)
Experience Pearls (Jenny)
Wave Wet Sand (Jenny)
Mercy Mercy (Jenny)
I Pray (Jenny & Ulf)
Donnie (US version) (Jenny)
Don't Go Away (Jenny)
Unspeakable (Jenny)
Beautiful Morning (Jenny)
Remember the Words (Jenny)
World Down Under (Jenny)
Wonderful Life (Jenny)
What's The Name of The Game (Jenny)
Show Me Love (Jenny)
The Juvenile (Jenny)
Songwriting
Linn's writing credits for Ace of Base tracks:
Hear Me Calling (with Jonas & Jenny Berggren and Ulf Ekberg)
Strange Ways
Whispers In Blindness (the "Dr. X-Ray" credited in this song, and whom Linn thanks in the acknowledgments for The Bridge, was their father, Göran Berggren, who played flute for the song)
Just N Image
Lapponia (demo)
Love in December (with Jonas & Jenny Berggren and Ulf Ekberg)
Beautiful Morning (with Jenny & Jonas Berggren)
Change With the Light (with Jenny & Jonas Berggren and Ulf Ekberg)
What's the Name of the Game (with Jenny & Jonas Berggren, Harry Sommerdahl, and Jonas von der Burg)
Pole Position (with Jonas & Jenny Berggren and Ulf Ekberg)
Moment of Magic (with Jonas & Jenny Berggren and Ulf Ekberg)
Song production
Linn's production credits for Ace of Base tracks:
Strange Ways
Whispers In Blindness
Just N Image
Lapponia
Other
Performed at Princess Victoria's 20th birthday on 14 July 1997.
References
External links
Ace of Base official website
1970 births
Living people
Ace of Base members
People from Gothenburg
Swedish women singers
Swedish pop singers
Chalmers University of Technology alumni
Swedish Christians
English-language singers from Sweden
Swedish contraltos
The United Nations Temporary Executive Authority (UNTEA) and the United Nations Security Force (UNSF) in West New Guinea was established during October 1962 in accord with General Assembly Resolution 1752 as requested in Article two of the New York Agreement to administer the former Dutch New Guinea. The UNTEA administration ended on 1 May 1963.
This was the first time in its history that the United Nations assumed direct administrative responsibility for a territory (as opposed to monitoring or supervising). The UN was responsible for promoting and safeguarding human rights at the national level. The United Nations would go on to undertake similar missions in Cambodia (UNTAC), Croatia (UNTAES), Kosovo (UNMIK) and East Timor (UNTAET).
History
Western New Guinea became the focus of a political dispute between the Netherlands and Indonesia following the recognition of the independence of the latter. The Indonesian side claimed the territory as its own while the Dutch side maintained that its residents were not Indonesian and that the Netherlands would continue to administer the territory until it was capable of self-determination.
In May 1959 a United States diplomat proposed a scheme for using a "a special United Nations trusteeship over the territory for a limited number of years, at the end of which time sovereignty would be turned over to Indonesia"; and in March 1961 the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta asserted "the Indos once contended that UN trusteeship would be anathema under any circumstances. Now, although they have not gone so far as to be willing to call a trusteeship, they talk in terms of "one or two years" of some kind of interregnum as being acceptable."
Indonesia began landing paratroops onto the territory of Western New Guinea in December 1961 which prompted a political crisis between the Netherlands and Indonesia. The United States mediated in the dispute and this led to the signing of the New York Agreement in September 1962.
The agreement offered to transfer the administration from the Netherlands to a United Nations temporary authority on 1 October 1962, and gave the United Nations a discretion to transfer all or part of the administration to Indonesia. The United Nations General Assembly approved the agreement and accepted administration on 21 September 1962 in General Assembly resolution 1752; and on 1 May the following year accept transferred the administration of the territory to Indonesia. The agreement also included assurances by Indonesia of the practices it would exercise if the United Nations chose to transfer the administration to Indonesia, among the assurances was promise that all men and women of West New Guinea who were not foreign nationals would be eligible to vote in an Act of Free Choice at a later stage to determine the permanent status of the territory.
During the seven month transition period Dutch civil servants and officials were slowly recalled to the Netherlands and were replaced by local and Indonesian officials. It was agreed that following the transfer of authority Elias Jan Bonai, a member of the New Guinea Council, would be appointed as the first Indonesian Governor.
The transfer of authority took place on 1 May 1963 and West New Guinea became a province of Indonesia known as West Irian (Irian Barat). It later evolved into the present-day provinces of Papua and West Papua.
UN administrators
The United Nations mission (UNTEA) was initially led by José Rolz-Bennett of Guatemala and then by Djalal Abdoh of Iran who served as the Administrator. In addition to civil administration, UNTEA also had a peacekeeping role through military observers.
Postal history
Nineteen postage stamps, as well as some postal stationery items, were issued by UNTEA. These were created by overprinting existing stocks of Dutch New Guinea issues. At the time packets of all stamps were sold at UN Headquarters by the United Nations Postal Administration and they remain readily available on the retail market.
See also
List of territories governed by the United Nations
Western New Guinea
Republic of West Papua
References
External links
Official UNTEA / UNSF website
Records of the United Nations Temporary Executive Authority in West Irian (UNTEA) (1962-1963) at the United Nations Archives
Time Magazine October/1962
Papuan self-determination - historical roots XI
Papuan self-determination - historical roots XII
UNTEA and UNRWI: United Nations Involvement in West New Guinea During the 1960s
1963 disestablishments in Asia
Indonesian New Guinea
Indonesian New Guinea
Guided Democracy in Indonesia
History of Western New Guinea
Organizations based in Netherlands New Guinea
States and territories established in 1962
1962 establishments in Asia
States and territories disestablished in 1963
Michael Habeck (23 April 1944 – 4 February 2011) was a German actor who was best known for providing the German dubbing for Oliver Hardy after Bruno W. Pantel died.
Habeck, who was born in Bad Grönenbach, also dubbed several characters in the German version of The Muppet Show, and appeared in the films The Name of the Rose and Asterix in Amerika. Habeck died in Munich on 4 February 2011 after a short time of severe illness, aged 66.
Filmography
German-language Voice Acting
Source:
References
External links
Obituary
1944 births
2011 deaths
German male film actors
German male television actors
German male voice actors
Hiroaki Suzuki (Japanese: 鈴木 博昭; born December 6, 1984) is a Japanese shoot boxer and mixed martial artist currently signed to Rizin Fighting Federation. They have also competed for ONE Championship. In shoot boxing, Suzuki is a former SHOOT BOXING World Champion, S-cup World Tournament Champion, and two-time SHOOT BOXING Japan Champion.
As of April 2015 they were ranked #6 Featherweight in the world by Liverkick.
Kickboxing career
ONE Championship
Hiroaki Suzuki made their ONE Championship debut against Deividas Danyla at ONE Championship: Conquest of Champions on November 23, 2018. Suzuki won by unanimous decision.
Suzuki next faced Mohammed Bin Mahmoud at ONE Championship: Hero's Ascent on January 25, 2019. They won by third-round technical knockout.
After two consecutive wins, Suzuki was booked to challenge Nong-O Gaiyanghadao for the ONE Bantamweight Muay Thai World Championship at ONE Championship: Warriors of Light on May 10, 2019. Suzuki was dominated for the entirety of five rounds by Nong-O's high volume of right kicks and lost via unanimous decision.
Following their loss, Suzuki faced Tukkatatong Petpayathai at ONE Championship: Masters of Fate on November 8, 2019. They lost by split decision.
Mixed martial arts career
Rizin Fighting Federation
Suzuki made their mixed martial arts debut, facing Keisuke Okuda on October 10, 2021 at Rizin Landmark Vol.1. They won the bout via TKO in the first round.
Suzuki faced Kyohei Hagiwara at Rizin 33 - Saitama on December 31, 2021. They lost the bout via unanimous decision.
Suzuki made their third appearance against Shoji Maruyama Rizin Landmark 2 on March 6, 2022. They won the bout via technical knockout due to a punch finished off with soccer kick in the first round.
Suzuki faced Ren Hiramoto in the main event of Rizin 36 on July 2, 2022. They lost the fight by split decision.
Titles
SHOOT BOXING
2015 SHOOT BOXING World Super Lightweight Champion
2014 S-cup -65 kg World Tournament Champion
2014 SHOOT BOXING World Super Lightweight Champion
2012 SHOOT BOXING World Lightweight Champion
Awards
eFight.jp
Fighter of the Month (November 2013)
Kickboxing record
|-
|-style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2019-11-08|| Loss ||align=left| Tukkatatong Petpayathai ||ONE Championship: Masters Of Fate||Pasay, Philippines || Decision (Split)|| 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#FFBBBB;"
| 2019-05-10|| Loss ||align=left| Nong-O Kaiyanghadaogym ||ONE Championship: Warriors of Light||Bangkok, Thailand || Decision (Unanimous)|| 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2019-01-25|| Win ||align=left| Mohammed Bin Mahmoud || ONE Championship: Hero's Ascent ||Pasay, Philippines || TKO || 3 || 2:53
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2018-11-23|| Win ||align=left| Deividas Danyla || ONE Championship: Conquest of Champions ||Pasay, Philippines || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2018-06-08 || Loss || align=left| Fukashi || KNOCK OUT 2018 Survival Days || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2018-04-14|| Win ||align=left| Shunsuke Oishi || KNOCK OUT Sakura Burst || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Head Kick)|| 4 || 0:49
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2018-02-10|| Win ||align=left| Yuma Yamaguchi || Shoot Boxing 2018 act.1 || Tokyo, Japan || Submission (Standing choke) || 2 || 2:35
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2017-10-04 || Loss || align=left| Yosuke Mizuochi || KNOCK OUT vol.5 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (Punches) || 5 || 0:33
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2017-09-16 || Loss || align=left| Kaito || SHOOT BOXING 2017 act.3 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (Doctor Stoppage)|| 1 || 2:18
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2017-04-08|| Win ||align=left| Hiroto Yamaguchi || Shoot Boxing 2017: Act 2 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Left Elbow)|| 5 || 2:29
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-11-11|| Win ||align=left| Hideki || Shoot Boxing World Tournament S-Cup 2016 || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.R Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-09-19|| Win ||align=left| Joey Ruquet || Shoot Boxing 2016: Act 4 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (3 Knockowns) || 1 || 2:32
|- bgcolor="#c5d2ea"
| 2016-08-07|| Draw ||align=left| Kenta || REBELS 45 || Osaka, Japan || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2016-03-26 || Win || align=left| Yuki || RISE 110 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority) || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2016-02-13 || Loss || align=left| Tapruwan Hadesworkout || SHOOT BOXING 2016: Act 1 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2015-12-01|| Loss ||align=left| Zakaria Zouggary || 30th ANNIVERSARY “GROUND ZERO TOKYO 2015” || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2015-08-22|| Win ||align=left| Christian Baya || SHOOT BOXING 30th ANNIVERSARY “CAESAR TIME!” World Super Lightweight Tournament, Final || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2015-08-22|| Win ||align=left| Rafal Dudek || SHOOT BOXING 30th ANNIVERSARY “CAESAR TIME!” World Super Lightweight Tournament, Semi Final || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2015-06-21 || Loss || align=left| Tapruwan Hadesworkout || Shoot Boxing 2015 SB 30th Anniversary|| Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2015-04-18|| Win ||align=left| Daniel Romero || SHOOT BOXING 2015 ～SB30th Anniversary～ act.2 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2014-11-30|| Win ||align=left| Zakaria Zouggary || SHOOT BOXING WORLD TOURNAMENT S-cup 2014, Final || Tokyo, Japan || 2nd Ext.R TKO (Punches) || 5 || 2:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2014-11-30|| Win ||align=left| Mosab Amrani || SHOOT BOXING WORLD TOURNAMENT S-cup 2014, Semi Final || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2014-11-30|| Win ||align=left| Pornsanae Sitmonchai || SHOOT BOXING WORLD TOURNAMENT S-cup 2014, Quarter Final || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Left High Kick) || 3 || 2:52
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2014-09-20|| Win || align=left| Shinsuke Hirai || SHOOT BOXING 2014 act.4 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO || 1 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2014-06-21|| Win || align=left| Lee Sung-hyun || SHOOT BOXING 2014 act.3 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2014-04-13|| Win || align=left| Zakaria Zouggary || SHOOT BOXING in TOYOKAWA UNCHAIN.1 || Aichi, Japan || Decision (Majority) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2014-02-23|| Win || align=left| Eldrich Torrell || SHOOT BOXING 2014 act.1 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2013-11-16|| Win || align=left| Michihiro Omigawa || SHOOT BOXING BATTLE SUMMIT ～GROUND ZERO TOKYO 2013, S-cup -65kg Japan Tournament Final || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Flying Knee)|| 2 || 1:54
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2013-11-16|| Win || align=left| Yuki || SHOOT BOXING BATTLE SUMMIT ～GROUND ZERO TOKYO 2013, S-cup -65kg Japan Tournament Semi Final || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2013-11-16|| Win || align=left| Mohan Dragon || SHOOT BOXING BATTLE SUMMIT ～GROUND ZERO TOKYO 2013, S-cup -65kg Japan Tournament Quarter Final || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (2 Knockdowns)|| 2 || 2:17
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2013-09-23 || Win ||align=left| Bovy Sor Udomson || SHOOT BOXING 2013 act.4 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2013-06-23|| Win || align=left| Shunichi Shimizu || SHOOT BOXING 2013 act.3 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2013-04-20|| Loss || align=left| Mohan Dragon || SHOOT BOXING 2013 act.2 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Right hook) || 1 || 2:51
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2012-11-17|| Win || align=left| Joachim Hansen || SHOOTO BOXING WORLD TOURNAMENT S-cup 2012 || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.R Decision (Unanimous) || 4 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2012-06-03|| Win || align=left| Hiroki Shishido || SHOOT BOXING 2012 ～Road to S-cup～ act.3 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2012-04-13|| Win || align=left| Takeshi Inoue || SHOOT BOXING 2012～Road to S-cup～act.2 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Right hook) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2012-02-12|| Win || align=left| Yuuji Sagawara || SHOOT BOXING 2012 Young Caesar Cup Central #3 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2011-11-06|| Win || align=left| Akiyo Nishiura || SHOOT the SHOOTO 2011 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2011-04-23|| Win || align=left| Kim Hu || SHOOTO BOXING 2011 act.2 -SB168- || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2011-02-19|| Win || align=left| Shigeki Osawa || SHOOTO BOXING 2011 act.1 -SB166- || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2010-11-23|| Win || align=left| Mitsuhiro Ishida || Shoot Boxing World Tournament 2010 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Left cross)|| 2 || 2:20
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2010-09-18|| Loss || align=left| Tapruwan Hadesworkout || SHOOT BOXING 25TH ANNIVERSARY SERIES -ISHIN- 4 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Majority)|| 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2010-06-06|| Win || align=left| Tenkei Fujimiya || SHOOT BOXING 25TH ANNIVERSARY SERIES -ISHIN- 3 || Tokyo, Japan || Ext.R Decision (Split) || 4 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2010-04-11|| Win || align=left| Akifumi Utagawa || SHOOT BOXING 25TH ANNIVERSARY SERIES -ISHIN- 2 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2010-02-13|| Win || align=left| Koji Isahikawa || SHOOT BOXING 25TH ANNIVERSARY SERIES -ISHIN- 1 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Right hook) || 1 || 1:06
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2009-09-04|| Loss || align=left| Tomohiro Oikawa || SHOOT BOXING 2009 -bushido- 4 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2009-06-01|| Win || align=left| Tomohiro Oikawa || SHOOT BOXING 2009 -bushido- 3 || Tokyo, Japan || KO (Punches) || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2009-04-03|| Win || align=left| Akifumi Utagawa || SHOOT BOXING 2009 -bushido- 2 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2009-02-11|| Win || align=left| Kouya Shimada || SHOOT BOXING 2009 -bushido- 1 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2008-10-25|| Win || align=left| Masahiro Knuckle Kida || SHOOT BOXING 2008 Young Caesar OSAKA || Osaka, Japan || KO || 2 || 2:41
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2008-09-12|| Win || align=left| Yoshiki Harada || SHOOT BOXING 2008 火魂〜Road to S-cup〜 5 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 2:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2008-07-21|| Win || align=left| Tatsumi Yuda || SHOOT BOXING 2008 火魂〜Road to S-cup〜 4 || Tokyo, Japan || Decision (Unanimous)|| 3 || 2:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2008-05-28|| Loss || align=left| Yasuhiro Motomura || SHOOT BOXING 2008 火魂〜Road to S-cup〜 3 || Tokyo, Japan || TKO (3 Knockdowns)|| 2 || 0:55
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2008-03-30|| Win || align=left| Gaku Sakai || HEAT 6 || Nagoya, Japan || TKO (Corner stoppage) || 2 || 0:55
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Loss
|align=center| 2–2
|Ren Hiramoto
|Decision (split)
|Rizin 36
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Okinawa, Japan
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–1
| Shoji Maruyama
| TKO (punch and soccer kick)
| Rizin Landmark 2
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:12
| Fukuroi, Japan
|-
|Loss
|align=center|1–1
|Kyohei Hagiwara
|Decision (unanimous)
|Rizin 33
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Saitama, Japan
|
|-
|Win
|align=center| 1–0
|Keisuke Okuda
|TKO (knee and punches)
|Rizin Landmark Vol.1
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|1:42
|Tokyo, Japan
|
See also
List of male kickboxers
References
1997 births
Living people
Japanese male kickboxers
Japanese male karateka
Japanese male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing karate
Mixed martial artists utilizing shootboxing
ONE Championship kickboxers
People from Aichi Prefecture
Susana Guízar (1922–1997) was a Mexican film actor.
Selected filmography
Neither Blood Nor Sand (1941)
Jesusita in Chihuahua (1942)
The Two Orphans (1944)
Lady Windermere's Fan (1944)
The House of the Fox (1945)
The Associate (1946)
Madam Temptation (1948)
Dawn of Life (1950)
References
Bibliography
Isabel Arredondo. Motherhood in Mexican Cinema, 1941-1991: The Transformation of Femininity on Screen. McFarland, 2013.
External links
1922 births
1997 deaths
Mexican film actores
Actresses from Michoacán
People from Pátzcuaro
The project Fontes Inediti Numismaticae Antiquae (FINA) is an international enterprise that aims at collecting, reading, studying, and publishing unprinted textual evidence related to ancient coins created before 1800.
Overview
The background is twofold: first, a growing general interest in antiquarianism and historiography, of which numismatics forms an important part; second, a developing awareness that, so far, studies on antiquarian numismatics have been based mainly on printed books, which – though very numerous ‒ form only a small portion of the information available to scholars.
The end date 1800 has been chosen for the project not only for practical reasons, but also because it is close to the death of Joseph Hilarius Eckhel, the acclaimed “father of numismatics” (1737‒1798): at the end of their life, Eckhel published the eight-volume Doctrina numorum veterum (Vienna, 1792‒1798), which was to become the foundation work of ancient numismatics for the subsequent centuries and marks a watershed for the discipline.
In addition to the great amount of new information on numismatic topics that FINA provides, the project proves also important in a broader perspective as it adds information for reconstructing the history of ideas within each scholarly social network.
In 2015, FINA was officially presented to the scholarly community during the 15th International Numismatic Congress, Taormina, Italy gaining a lot of interest in the field and inspiring the creation of the project Fontes Inediti Numismaticae Orientalis (FINO), which was first introduced to the scholarly community in 2017, during the 5th Simone Assemani Symposium on Islamic Numismatics.
FINA has received the official support of the Union Académique Internationale (project no. 83), as well as those of the Austrian Academy of Sciences, the Royal Academy of Belgium, the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres, the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities, and the Unione Accademica Nazionale.
Founding committee of FINA
HR Univ.-Doz. Dr. Michael Alram, Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vice-president of the Austrian Academy of Sciences, Vienna, Austria.
Prof. Dr. François de Callataÿ, Bibliothèque royale de Belgique, Brussels, Belgium .
Prof. Dr. John Cunnally, Iowa State University, USA.
Dr. Ursula Kampmann, Lörrach, Germany.
Dr. Federica Missere Fontana, Centro di Studi Muratoriani, Modena, Italy.
Dr. Ulrike Peter, Brandenburgische Akademie der Wissenschaften, Berlin, Germany.
PD Dr. Bernhard Woytek, Austrian Academy of Sciences, Vienna, Austria.
References
Literature
Daniela Williams, "Reflections on the history of numismatic research: exploring the life and work of Joseph Eckhel (1737-1798) through the lens of FINA (Fontes Inediti Numismaticae Antiquae)", in International Numismatic Council INC Compte Rendu 62 (2015), pp. 73‒78.
François de Callataÿ, "Fontes Inediti Numismaticae Antiquae : présentation succincte d'un nouveau projet antiquaire", in Anabases, 23 (2016), pp. 163-168.
François de Callataÿ,"Fontes Inediti Numismaticae Antiquae (FINA) a short presentation, in M. Caccamo Caltabiano et al. (eds.), XVth International Numismatic Congress. Taormina. Proceedings, I, Messina, 2017, pp. 95-99.
External links
Austrian Academy of Sciences, FINA
FINA Wiki
Coins
Numismatic associations
Numismatics
Lobanikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Medvedevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 10 as of 2002.
Geography
Lobanikha is located 20 km northeast of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Sovinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
NGC 938 is an elliptical galaxy located in the constellation Aries, approximately 184 million light years from the Milky Way. It was discovered by the Prussian astronomer Heinrich d'Arrest in 1863.
SN 2015ab, a type Ia supernova, occurred within NGC 938.
See also
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
References
External links
Elliptical galaxies
Aries (constellation)
0938
009423
Rishi Prakash Tyagi was a former Assistant Commissioner in Delhi Police. They were reported to be the first senior police officer in India to be given the death sentence for the custodial death of a person, although the punishment was later reduced after an appeal in a higher court.
In August 1987, when Tyagi was the station house officer (SHO) of Vivek Vihar police station in East Delhi, Mohinder Kumar and Ram Kumar were arrested on charges of eve teasing and subsequent assault on a police constable who had gone to arrest them. Both were reportedly tortured and a day later were found dumped in nearby fields. While Mohinder died in hospital, Ram Kumar survived and was a crucial witness during the trial.
The trial court, while sentencing Tyagi on 18 December 2006, said the charges of murder were proved and it was one of the 'rarest of rare cases' that merited death penalty.
The sentence was appealed in the Delhi High Court and in March 2008 Tyagi was convicted only for culpable homicide, as the intention to murder was not proved and their death sentence was commuted to eight years of 'rigorous imprisonment' with a fine of two lakhs rupees.
References
Delhi Police
Police officers convicted of murder
Prisoners sentenced to death by India
Indian police officers
Indian people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by India
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Antonio Bareiro Álvarez (born April 24, 1989) is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and forward for Paraguayan side Club Libertad.
Playing career
Bareiro was promoted to the Club General Díaz first team in the fall of 2009. They were transferred to Sportivo Trinidense in early 2010, but returned to General Díaz 12 months later. They were quickly loaned out to Club Rubio Ñu, where they immediately earned a spot in the starting lineup. They returned to General Díaz in 2013, scoring the game-winning goal in the 77th minute in their first game back, a league match against Deportivo Capiatá in February. They finished the 2013 Clausura season as the 9th leading goalscorer, with 6.
Bareiro was signed to Club Libertad on a four-year contract in January 2014. They made their team debut on February 14 against Club Guaraní as a part of the starting XI. Libertad won both the Apertura and Clausura tournaments in 2014.
International goals
Scores and results list Paraguay's goal tally first.
Honors
Club
Club Libertad
Paraguayan Primera División (3): 2014 Apertura, 2014 Clausura, 2016 Apertura
Club General Díaz
Paraguayan División Intermedia (1): 2012
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Paraguayan footballers
Paraguay international footballers
General Díaz footballers
Sportivo Trinidense footballers
Club Rubio Ñu footballers
Club Libertad footballers
Paraguayan Primera División players
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
People from Caazapá
Saraycık is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 559 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Agnes Morley Cleaveland (1874–1958) was an American writer and cattle rancher who lived in New Mexico and California. Them book about growing up on a New Mexico ranch in the late 1800s, No Life for a Lady, was the best seller. They were active in politics and journalism as well as in public speaking and as a women's club organizer.
Early life
Agnes Morley was the oldest child of railroad engineer William Raymond Morley and author Ada McPherson Morley. Them siblings were William Raymond Morley, Jr. and Ada "Lora" Loraine Morley. Them father ran the Cimarron News as well as being the head of engineering for the Maxwell Land Grant and Railway Company during the Colfax County War. After their father's death, their mother remarried and the family moved to remote ranchland near Datil, New Mexico.
Along with their brother Bill Morley, they helped manage the ranch after their stepfather disappeared. Their mother Ada spent much of their time writing letters to authors, speakers, and politicians, including Susan B. Anthony; in 1896 they published a biography of Francis Schlatter called The Life of the Harp in the Hands of the Harper. The children grew up riding the range, working with horses and cattle, and hunting grizzly bears.
Education
Morley went away to high school in Philadelphia and Ann Arbor, and to college at Stanford University, where they played guard on the women's basketball team. In 1896, they were in the first inter-collegiate women's sporting event, playing for the Stanford women's basketball team against University of California, Berkeley. The players wore bloomers, and an audience of 500 women attended; no men were allowed at the game, which took place in the Armory Hall. They graduated from Stanford in 1900.
Career
Morley was an early member and organizer of the California Writers Club. They wrote several stories and articles with Eugene Manlove Rhodes. They were also the head of the local chapter for the National Organization of Republican Women and Pro America, and headed the California Federation of Women's Clubs.
Them book No Life for a Lady was published in 1941. It won a publisher's award and was critically acclaimed. It was released in a special edition for the U.S. Armed Forces during World War II.
Marriage and children
Morley was briefly married as a teenager, in 1892, to Mason Chase.
In 1899, Morley married Newton Cleaveland. They lived in Berkeley and often stayed in New Mexico. They had four children: Norman Cleaveland, Loraine (Keffer) Lavender, (Agnes) Morley Cleaveland, and Mary Cleaveland Wohlers.
Published works
The Greatest of These Short fiction published in West Winds: California's Book of Fiction. San Francisco: Paul Elder & Company, 1914
American Primer. 1931.
No Life for a Lady. 1941.
Satan's Paradise: From Lucien Maxwell to Fred Lambert. 1952.
There are collections of Morley Cleaveland's papers at the University of New Mexico and New Mexico State University libraries.
Notes
Further reading
External links
The Prodigal Calf, a story by Agnes Morley Cleaveland and Eugene Manlove Rhodes.
1874 births
1958 deaths
American women writers
American women's basketball players
Writers from New Mexico
Clubwomen
Tyler Pierce may refer to:
Tyler Pierce (actor)
Tyler Pierce (figure skater)
Sir John Cotton, 3rd Baronet (1621 – 12 September 1702) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1661 and 1687.
Early years
Cotton was the son of Sir Thomas Cotton, 2nd Baronet of Conington, Huntingdonshire, and their first wife Margaret Howard, daughter of Lord William Howard, of Naworth Castle, Cumberland. They became a gentleman of the Privy Chamber in 1661. They studied at Magdalen College, Oxford, matriculating in 1637.
Career
In 1661, Cotton was elected Member of Parliament for Huntingdon in the Cavalier Parliament. They succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of their father on 13 May 1662. In 1685 they were elected MP for Huntingdonshire.
Cotton died at the age 80 at Stratton, Bedfordshire, and was buried at Conington where they have a monument.
Family
Cotton married firstly on 8 June 1644 Dorothy Anderson, daughter of Edmund Anderson, of Stratton and Eyworth and their wife Alice Constable, daughter of Sir John Constable, who was later Cotton's stepmother. They married secondly on 20 October 1658, at Mark's Hall, Essex, Elizabeth Honywood, daughter of Sir Thomas Honywood, of Mark's Hall, and their wife Hester Lamotte, daughter of John Lamotte, of London. Elizabeth's portrait was painted by Jacob Huysmans.
Their eldest son John predeceased him, and the title passed to their grandson Sir John Cotton, 4th Baronet, of Connington. On the younger Sir John's death without issue the title passed to their uncle Robert, their grandfather's son by Elizabeth Honywood.
References
1621 births
1702 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
English MPs 1661–1679
English MPs 1685–1687
English landowners
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Huntingdonshire
Hard 2 B-Legit is the fourth album by B-Legit. It was released on September 24, 2002 by Koch Records and was produced by B-Legit, E-A-Ski, Rick Rock and Studio Ton. The album peaked at #111 on the Billboard 200, #17 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and #6 on the Independent Albums
Track listing
"I'm Singlin'" (featuring Rick Rock & Harm) - 3:45
"If You Don't Know Me" - 3:39
"Whatcha Talkin'" (featuring Harm) - 4:10
"Bag Habit" (featuring Rick Rock) - 2:59
"1 Dame" (featuring Harm) - 3:47
"Luv 2 Get High" (featuring Young Buck & Skip) - 4:30
"Fo' Real" (featuring Yountie) - 4:04
"So International" (featuring Too Short) - 3:34
"What U Thought" (featuring Suga Free) - 3:46
"Play 2 Much" (featuring Ray J) - 4:06
"Straight Fool" (featuring E-40) - 3:52
"Keep It Movin'" (featuring Harm & J' Rilla) - 3:48
"We Get Dough" (featuring Harm) - 3:54
"Feelin'" (featuring Levitti) - 4:23
References
External links
Hard 2 B-Legit at Discogs
B-Legit albums
2002 albums
E1 Music albums
Albums produced by Rick Rock
Albums produced by Studio Ton
Sick Wid It Records albums
The white-throated earthcreeper (Upucerthia albigula) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Chile and Peru. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland.
References
white-throated earthcreeper
Birds of Chile
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
white-throated earthcreeper
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
East Marshall Community School District is a rural public school district headquartered in Gilman, Iowa. It operates an elementary school in Laurel, a middle school in Gilman, and a high school in Le Grand.
The district is mostly in Marshall County with portions in Tama, Jasper, and Poweshiek counties. The district includes
Gilman, Laurel, Le Grand, Ferguson and a small portion of Marshalltown.
The district was established on July 1, 1992, by the merger of the LDF and SEMCO school districts.
The school's mascot is the Mustang. Their colors are purple and gold.
Schools
East Marshall Elementary School
East Marshall Middle School
East Marshall Senior High School
East Marshall Senior High School
Athletics
The Mustangs compete in the North Iowa Cedar League Conference in the following sports:
Cross Country
Boys' 2014 Class 2A State Champions
Volleyball
Football
Basketball
Wrestling
Track and Field
Golf
Baseball
Softball
Soccer
See also
List of school districts in Iowa
List of high schools in Iowa
References
External links
East Marshall Community School District (emmustangs.org)
East Marshall Community School District (e-marshall.k12.ia.us)
School districts in Iowa
Public high schools in Iowa
1992 establishments in Iowa
School districts established in 1992
Kristian Skrede Gleditsch (born 9 October 1971 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian political scientist and a professor at the University of Essex, holding the title of Regius Professor. Their main fields of research are on the topics of conflict, democratistation and non-violent mobilisation.
Education and Career
Gleditsch holds a cand.mag. degree from the University of Oslo (1993), and a PhD in political science from the University of Colorado (1999). They were a researcher at the University of Glasgow and the University of California San Diego before moving on to Essex in 2005. Since 2003 they have also held a minor position at the Peace Research Institute Oslo (PRIO) and in 2007-2011 they received a major "Young Excellent Researcher" grant from the Research Council of Norway. In 2013, they received a Starting Grant from the European Research Council.
Gleditsch is one of the editors of Research and Politics (2015- ) and has previously been co-editor of the British Journal of Political Science (2010-2013).  They are member of the editorial boards of several other academic journals.
 They are a member of the board of the American Political Science Association (2016-2019) and has headed the Conflict Processes Section (2014-2016). They have held a number of positions in the International Studies Association, of which they were Vice President 2013–2014.
Awards
They have received several prizes and distinctions for their scientific work, including the Helen Dwight Reid Award from the American Political Science Association for the best thesis in international politics completed in 1998, and the Karl Deutsch award for young researchers within international politics and peace research, awarded by the International Studies Association in 2007.
In 2017, Gleditsch was appointed as a Regius Professor at the University of Essex, the only such appointment for a professor of political science.
Personal life
Kristian Skrede Gleditsch is the son of Kari Skrede and Nils Petter Gleditsch, and is married to Theodora-Ismene Gizelis.
Selected bibliography
Kristian Skrede Gleditsch: All International Politics Is Local. The Diffusion of Conflict, Integration, and Democratization. Ann Arbor, MI: University of Michigan Press (2002).
Ward, Michael D. & Kristian Skrede Gleditsch. Spatial Regression Models. In the series Quantitative Applications in the Social Sciences. Thousand Oaks, CA: Sage (2008).
Cederman, Lars-Erik; Kristian Skrede Gleditsch, & Halvard Buhaug. Inequality, Grievances, and Civil War. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press (2013).
References
External links
Staff page University of Essex
Staff page at PRIO
Researcher ID Profile
Living people
1971 births
Peace and conflict scholars
Norwegian political scientists
University of Oslo alumni
University of Colorado alumni
Academics of the University of Essex
The Datsun on-Do is a subcompact car manufactured specifically for the Russian market under the Datsun brand of Nissan Motor Company. It is a rebadged and restyled version of the AutoVAZ-developed Lada Granta and it also has its own VAZ-index number, 2195. The on-Do was launched in Russia on 4 April 2014, and AutoVAZ started serial manufacturing of the car on 14 July 2014. The word "Do" is related to a Japanese traditional culture that can be translated into "move", while "on" indicates an adjective or verb. When "Datsun" is added, it means a desire to open up access to mobility and freedom of movement for all.
Overview
The on-Do is longer than the Lada Granta and has a different front and back similar to other Datsun models. Its wheelbase, height and width are unchanged.
The on-Do uses a straight-four engine that produces . The power is transmitted to the wheels using a five-speed manual transmission. A 4-speed Jatco automatic gearbox is available since 2016.
As for the sedan's transmission, Datsun decided not to develop their own, but to take the readily available VAZ five-speed manual. The manufacturer claims that, for the Datsun on-DO front-wheel drive car, the domestic gearbox was slightly upgraded to reduce vibration and noise. The gear ratio of the main pair of the Datsun mechanical box is 3.7, as is the case with Granta. The manufacturer decided not to equip the sedans with automatic transmissions (ATs). However, the AT would appear on the Datsun mi-DO hatchback.
References
External links
On-Do
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
Sedans
Subcompact cars
2010s cars
Temminck's babbler (Pellorneum pyrrogenys) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae. It is found in Borneo and Java. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
This bird's common name commemorates the Dutch naturalist Coenraad Jacob Temminck.
References
Notes
Sources
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Pellorneum
Birds of Borneo
Birds of Java
Birds described in 1827
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Atybe nyassensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1970. It is known from Malawi.
References
Pteropliini
Beetles described in 1970
Harold Chapman (1881 – 10 August 1965) was a British orthodontist who was England's first exclusive orthodontic practitioner in 1921. They were also the President of the European Orthodontic Society and British Dental Association during their career.
Life
They were born in Liverpool in 1881. They attended Thetford Grammar School while growing up. They attended Victoria University (United Kingdom) for College after which they then attended University of Liverpool School of Dentistry and received their L.D.S.R..C.S. degree in 1903. They were then appointed Dental House Surgeon at Royal Liverpool University Hospital. This followed by them practiced for 9 months in Southport, Lancashire where they met Mathew H. Cryer who was at that time the Professor of Oral Surgery at University of Pennsylvania. After meeting him, Dr. Chapman travelled to the USA and enrolled in Pennsylvania College of Dental Surgery where they obtained their dental degree.
They then enrolled themselves in Angle School of Orthodontia and graduated from there in 1905. After their return, Dr. Chapman worked with Dr. George Northcroft for 2 years before starting their own practice in 1921. They then became the first person in England to solely practice orthodontics. They continued working in their practice until their retirement in 1952.
They were an Honorary Dental Surgeon at Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry in 1911. They also organised the first postgraduate course on orthodontics in England on behalf of the Dental Board of the United Kingdom. Royal College of Surgeons of England awarded them with Faculty of Dental Surgery in 1947.
Awards and positions
British Dental Association - President (1934)
Royal Society of Medicine, Odontological Section - President (1943)
European Orthodontic Society - President (1938)
British Society for the Study of Orthodontics - Secretary (1910–1925), President (1925–1952), Honorary Treasurer (1942–1952)
Barts and The London School of Medicine and Dentistry - Faculty member of 40 years
References
1881 births
1965 deaths
Orthodontists
Alumni of the University of Liverpool
20th-century dentists
The Buckeye Sun is the community newspaper of Buckeye, Arizona and of the larger Southwest Valley region of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area. It is published weekly on Wednesdays and was formerly titled the Southwest Valley Sun.
According to the Library of Congress, the newspaper began in 1938 by publisher R.H. Vermilion.
The Buckeye Sun was started by the editor of the Buckeye Valley News and split off from this paper to establish the "Buckeye Independent".
References
External links
Buckeye Sun
Newspapers published in Arizona
Lores may refer to:
Lore (anatomy)
Lores (surname)
See also
Lore (disambiguation)
Brezova is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 483 inhabitants.
Notable people
Ljuba Čupa (1877–1913), guerrilla fighter
Petar Stambolić (1912–2007), politician
Ivan Stambolić (1936–2000), politician
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Houston's Restaurant is part of a group of upscale American casual dining restaurants, owned by Hillstone Restaurant Group, whose main corporate headquarters is in Phoenix, Arizona. There are 44 Hillstone locations in 12 states.
Company profile
The first Houston's restaurant was launched by current owner and CEO George Biel, Joe Ledbetter and Vic Branstetter in 1977 in Nashville, Tennessee. Bransetter sold their shares in 2006, and Ledbetter in 2011, leaving George Biel sole owner of the company. The corporate company, Hillstone Restaurant Group, Inc. (formerly Houston's Restaurants, Inc.), was founded in 1976 and owns the following restaurants: Gulfstream, Bandera, Rutherford Grill, Palm Beach Grill, Cherry Creek Grill, Los Altos Grill, Woodmont Grill, R+D Kitchen, Hillstone, the Honor Bar, Honor Market, South Beverly Grill, East Hampton Grill, White House Tavern, and Houston's. As of 2020, the group owns and operates 44 restaurants under 15 different names in the United States.
Reviews
Zagat gave the restaurant high marks and remarked on its '"vibrant”, “modern” setting matched with a “lively bar scene”; “seamless”, “tag-team” service".'
Name change of certain locations
Since 2009, several Houston's locations around the US have changed their names to Hillstone.
The company maintains the changes are in keeping with a long-term strategy of disassociating from the chain image to remain a niche player in the industry. The practice of changing restaurant names is not a new strategy for the company, which has similarly converted several Banderas to locally named Grills, all predating state and federal regulations. The company states that the name change was based on rebranding with a focus on more regional and less standardized fare.
References
Steakhouses in the United States
Restaurants established in 1977
Companies based in Beverly Hills, California
Restaurant chains in the United States
The Edmonton Rush are a lacrosse team based in Edmonton, Alberta playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2007 season was the 2nd in franchise history.
The Rush improved on their single-victory inaugural season with a respectable 6-10 record, but still finished well out of the playoffs.
Regular season
Conference standings
Game log
Reference:
Player stats
Reference:
Runners (Top 10)
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltenders
Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals against; Sv% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average
Awards
Transactions
Trades
*Later traded to the New York Titans
**Later traded to the Philadelphia Wings
***Later traded back to the Portland LumberJax
Entry Draft
The 2006 NLL Entry Draft took place on September 13, 2006. The Rush made the following selections:
Roster
Reference:
See also
2007 NLL season
References
Edmonton
The 1986 Haringey Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Haringey London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party retained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
|}
Ward results
Alexandra
Archway
Bowes Park
Bruce Grove
Bryan Morris was a sitting councillor for Highgate ward.
Coleraine
Crouch End
Paul Loach was a sitting councillor for Seven Sisters ward.
Fortis Green
Green Lanes
Harringay
Sharon Lawrence was a sitting councillor for Alexandra ward.
High Cross
Robert Harris was a sitting councillor for Bruce Grove ward.
Highgate
Hornsey Central
Pearl Hurry was a sitting councillor for the Bowes Park ward. She, and Brian Bullard, were originally elected as Conservatives.
Hornsey Vale
Muswell Hill
Noel Park
Park
Seven Sisters
South Hornsey
South Tottenham
Viv Fenwick was a sitting councillor for Hornsey Vale ward.
Walter Taylor was a sitting councillor for West Green ward.
Tottenham Central
West Green
White Hart Lane
Woodside
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
Nasrul Hamid (born 13 November 1964) is an Awami League politician and the State Minister for the Ministry of Power, Energy, and Mineral Resources of Bangladesh.
Early life and education
Hamid was born on 13 November 1964. They completed their S.S.C. in 1980, and their H.S.C. in 1982 from the Dhaka Residential Model College. They completed their bachelor's degree from Dhaka University.
Career
They took primary membership of the Awami League in 1995, being appointed as the General Secretary of the Keraniganj Upazila Awami League. They competed in the General Election of 2001. Hamid was elected to Parliament from Dhaka-3 (Keraniganj) in 2008. They received 112,623 votes while their nearest rival, Gayeshwar Chandra Roy of Bangladesh Nationalist Party, received 70,680 votes.
Hamid was re-elected in 2014 from Dhaka-3 unopposed after the election was boycotted by all major parties including the Bangladesh Nationalist Party.
Hamid was elected to Parliament from Dhaka-3 as a candidate of Awami League in 2018. During the election their rival Gayeshwar Chandra Roy of Bangladesh Nationalist Party was assaulted by Awami League activists and police officers from Detective Branch. They visited Roy after the incident and expressed regreats.
Hamid has been serving as State Minister for the Ministry of Power, Energy and Mineral Resources from 2014. They have been appointed again to the same position for second time in the year of 2019 and they have joined on January 7, 2019.
 They are also a patron of CRI (Center for Research and Information), which is the Research Wing of Awami League.
Awards
Hamid was awarded the Order of Civil Merit (Orden del Civil Mérito) of Spain from Spanish Ambassador Álvaro de Salas Giménez de Azcárate on behalf of King Felipe VI of Spain at a programme in Dhaka. On behalf of the Ministry of Power, Energy & Mineral Resources, Nasrul Hamid recently received The Independence Award, the highest civilian award of Bangladesh Government. The award was handed over by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina for securing 100% electricity in Bangladesh.
References
External links
1964 births
Living people
People from Dhaka District
University of Dhaka alumni
Awami League politicians
Ministry of Power, Energy and Mineral Resources
9th Jatiya Sangsad members
10th Jatiya Sangsad members
11th Jatiya Sangsad members
Dhaka Residential Model College alumni
Coláiste Éanna Christian Brothers School is a Roman Catholic secondary school for boys in Ballyroan, Dublin, Ireland. It was founded in 1967 by the Congregation of Christian Brothers to serve the needs of the Ballyroan and adjacent parishes.
It is home to 601 pupils and a staff of 43 teachers and eight ancillary staff. The school is administered by a Board of Management appointed by the Edmund Rice Schools Trust. The Irish Christian Brothers handed over ownership of Coláiste Éanna to the Trust in 2008.
The school operates six formal years of teaching from first to sixth year including an optional Transition Year in fourth Year. Every year is divided up into three or four classes with a maximum of 27 students per class in Junior Cycle and 20 in Senior Cycle. Subjects taught in the school include accounting, art, biology, business studies, chemistry, computer studies, CSPE, design and communication graphics, economics, English, Irish, French, Spanish, geography, graphics, history, material technology, mathematics, music, physical education, physics, religion, science, SPHE, and technical graphics. Extra curricular activities include hurling, Gaelic football, soccer, basketball, golf, table tennis, athletics, theatre and drama, music and choir, debating, European Youth Parliament, chess, bridge, martial arts.
Coláiste Éanna is named after St Enda's School or Scoil Éanna which was founded by Patrick Pearse in 1908 and located in the Hermitage, Grange Road which is from the campus. All subjects are taught in English.
Notable alumni
Philip Cairns, 13-year-old boy who mysteriously vanished in 1986
Pádraig Harrington, professional golfer
Stephen Hiney, Dublin hurler
Sean Hughes, comedian, writer and actor
Brendan Leahy, bishop of Limerick
George Lee, correspondent for Raidió Teilifís Éireann
Paul McGinley, professional golfer
Niall Mellon, entrepreneur
Dave Mooney, professional footballer
Colin Moran, Dublin footballer
Paul Ryan, Dublin hurler
Graham Shaw, field hockey player and coach
References
Rathfarnham
Secondary schools in South Dublin (county)
Congregation of Christian Brothers secondary schools in the Republic of Ireland
Boys' schools in the Republic of Ireland
The Department of Information and Communication Technology (তথ্য ও যোগাযোগ প্রযুক্তি অধিদপ্তর) is a government department responsible for information and communication technology projects in Bangladesh. It is located in Dhaka, Bangladesh.
History
The Department of Information and Communication Technology was established on 1 July 2013 as part of the Bangladesh Awami League governments digital Bangladesh policy under the Ministry of Posts, Telecommunications and Information Technology. The department plans to establish computer labs in all schools across Bangladesh.
References
Government departments of Bangladesh
2013 establishments in Bangladesh
Organisations based in Dhaka
Ile District (, ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan.
The district is named for the Ili River ("Ile" in Kazakh). Its administrative center is the settlement of Otegen Batyr. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
Piute Spring is a spring in a canyon in the Piute Range of San Bernardino County, California. It lies an elevation 3,025 feet / 922 meters at the head of Piute Creek. Piute Creek runs from Piute Spring down a canyon through the Piute Range east then northeast downstream to where its waters sink into the sands of a wash near the ruins of Fort Piute. From there that wash turns east widening into an alluvial fan of braided washes that terminate in Piute Wash in the middle of Piute Valley.
References
Springs of San Bernardino County, California
Kerry () is a village and geographically large community in Montgomeryshire, Powys, Wales.
The village lies on the A489 road southeast of Newtown and possesses two pubs — the Herbert Arms and the Kerry Lamb — a village hall, a bowling green, a post office, a primary school and a hairdresser.
Kerry also has a parish church of Norman origins dedicated to St. Michael and All Angels, as well as a baptist church.
It gives its name to the Kerry Hill breed of sheep.
Governance
The large, rural Kerry community contains the villages of Kerry, Glanmule, Dolfor and Sarn. It is divided into three wards (Kerry, Dolfor and Sarn) and for Powys County Council the community is an electoral division/ward (called Kerry). It falls in the historic county of Montgomeryshire.
History
The Battle of Kerry was fought nearby in 1228 between Llywelyn Fawr and Hubert de Burgh.
The area around the village was the Welsh commote and Lordship of Ceri, part of the region of Rhwng Gwy a Hafren, and it was originally ruled by the Princes of Maelienydd and their descendants.
Kerry was the terminus of the Kerry Railway, later a branch of the Cambrian Railways, connecting it to Abermule that ceased operating in 1956. The narrow gauge Kerry Tramway brought timber from the forests to the main line station.
Population
St. Michael's Church
St. Michael's Church of Kerry is located within the diocese of St. Asaph and was rededicated in 1176; an earlier church is likely to have occupied the site previously. The parish is very large in comparison to others, stretching as far as Mochdre, Dolfor and Beguildy. It boasts one of only three chained Bibles in Wales, possibly even in the United Kingdom, and is printed according to William Morgan's Welsh translation.
Dolforgan Hall
Dolforgan Hall and estate, was located just outside Kerry. From 1868 to 1883, it was the home of inventor and industrialist James Walton. In 1894, it was purchased by John William Willans, the chief engineer of the Liverpool Overhead Railway, and passed to their son, philanthropist John Bancroft Willans.
Kerry Hill sheep
Kerry was noted for its local breed of sheep and the large sheep fairs that were held in the village. Kerry Hill sheep have a distinctive and unique coloration, with a white face bearing black markings around the mouth, ears, and eyes.
See also
Cilthriew, Kerry. Timber-Framed farmhouse.
Upper Pengelli, Kerry. Victorian Model Farm
Kerry Hill sheep
J W Poundley and D Walker. Architects and Land Surveyors of Black Hall, Kerry.
References
External links
Kerry Community Council website
Photos of Kerry and surrounding area on geograph.org.uk
Kerry Baptist Church
Villages in Powys
Communities in Powys
Commotes
Dolforgan Estate
Typhoon Phyllis was one of seven tropical cyclones in 1975 to pass within range of the Japan Meteorological Agency's (JMA) radar surveillance. A tropical disturbance developed in the monsoon trough just west of Guam on August 11. The disturbance was classified as a tropical depression the next day. Tracking northward, the depression intensified into Tropical Storm Phyllis later on August 12. On the next day, Phyllis, after developing an eye, attained typhoon intensity. The typhoon accelerated north while rapidly intensifying, and on the evening of August 14, Phyllis reached its peak intensity of . Typhoon Phyllis turned northwest, making landfall over Shikoku on August 17, with winds of . Phyllis weakened to a tropical storm later the same day. Its remnants were last observed on August 20.
Phyllis, along with Typhoon Rita, were accountable for the bulk of tropical cyclone casualties in Japan during the 1975 Pacific typhoon season. From Phyllis alone, 60 people perished while 146 were injured on the island of Shikoku. There, at least 489 houses collapsed and 577 others were damaged. Throughout the country, 77 people were killed and 209 others sustained injured. A total of 129 landslides occurred while roads were cut in 106 locations and 23 dikes sustained damaged. A total of 50,222 homes were flooded and an additional 2,419 dwellings were demolished. Twelve ships and of farmland received damaged. Damage was estimated at $37 million (1975 USD). In addition to effects on Japan, the typhoon also killed three people and left seven others missing in Taiwan. The outer fringes of the storm contributed to a heat wave that resulted in 24 fatalities.
Meteorological history
During the first couple weeks of August 1975, the Western Pacific monsoonal trough extended from central China to Guam. Numerous surface circulations appeared in this trough as early as the August 8, and three days later, a tropical disturbance was spotted by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) some west-southwest of Guam. The first warning was issued on the morning of the August 12, with the JTWC designating it Tropical Depression 07. Due to the cyclone's proximity to the country, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration also monitored the storm and assigned it with the local name Etang. Despite a hurricane hunter aircraft finding multiple surface centers and an ill-defined upper-level center, the depression quickly strengthened into a tropical storm. Initially, the storm's low- and upper-level circulation were displaced by , but on the morning of August 13, the centers had become vertically stacked. At 08:33 UTC, a hurricane hunter flight reported a closed eyewall in diameter. Based on aircraft reports of winds to the west-southwest of the center, Phyllis was believed to have obtained typhoon intensity midday on August 13.
By August 13, a mid-level ridge over China began to weaken while a ridge
east of Japan intensified. As a result, Phyllis' forward speed accelerated as it tracked towards the north. In the 24 hours after being designated a typhoon, Phyllis entered a period of rapid deepening, attaining winds of winds at midday on August 14, which would make it an upper-end Category 3 hurricane on the United States-based Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale (SSHWS). At 15:00 UTC, aircraft data measured a minimum barometric pressure of . Based on this, the JTWC estimated that the typhoon reached its maximum intensity of , equal to Category 4 status on the SSHWS. The next day, the storm's forward motion briefly slowed as the ridge extended westward across Japan. After turning to the northwest, Phyllis once again accelerated, and on August 16, passed roughly southeast of Shikoku. The following morning, the typhoon moved onshore near the southwestern edge of Shikoku, with winds of . The system weakened to a tropical storm at 06:00 UTC on August 17 over land, and a tropical depression 24 hours later. Late on August 18, Phyllis ceased to exist as a tropical cyclone, although the JMA estimated that Phyllis transitioned into an extratropical cyclone around this time. The agency continued to track the system until August 20 when it was meandering over the Sea of Japan.
Impact
A minimum pressure of was recorded in Shimizu. Nearby, in Tosashimizu, winds of were observed. Across Shikoku, the storm dropped of rainfall in some locations, with over of rainfall falling in an hour in parts of Kōchi Prefecture. In conjunction with Typhoon Rita, the two storms contributed to the majority of tropical cyclone casualties in Japan during the 1975 Pacific typhoon season. Overall, 77 people were killed and 209 others sustained injures. Train and ferry service were suspended between Shikoku and Hiroshima by up to three hours while All Nippon Airways and Toa Airways delayed 83 and 27 flights respectively. A total of 129 landslides were reported. Roads were cut in 106 places and 23 dikes were damaged. A total of 50,222 homes were flooded and an additional 2,419 houses were destroyed. Twelve ships were damaged, as well as of farmland. Damage totaled $37 million.
Of the four main Japanese islands, the island of Shikoku, where the storm made landfall, suffered the worst damage from the typhoon. There were at least 60 fatalities and 146 injures, with an additional 12 individuals initially reported as missing. At least 489 houses collapsed, 577 others were damaged, and thousands of other dwellings were inundated. Most freeways across the island were closed and officials estimated it would take a week to be restored. Island-wide, 315,000 households lost power, with an additional 18,000 dwellings losing power on western Honshu. Kōchi Prefecture sustained the worst effects from the storm, where 21 people were killed, including one woman who was electrocuted. A 32-year-old man died in Matsuyama City after debris fell on them while driving. More than 1,000 homes were flooded in Tosa, Suzaki and Sagawa on Shikoku.
In addition to the effects on Japan, the outer rainbands of the typhoon dropped heavy rains in Taiwan, causing widespread damage. Three people were killed while seven others were rendered missing. A total of 3,000 people were displaced from their home. Numerous roads and railways were closed. Half the villages in Chiayi County were flooded with 1.8 m (6 ft) deep water.
While the typhoon's inner core bypassed South Korea, Phyllis dropped heavy rainfall across the country, peaking at in Daegwallyeong-myeon. Winds of and gusts of were recorded in Ulleungdo. A minimum pressure of was observed at Busan. It also contributed to a heat wave that claimed 25 lives.
See also
Typhoon Thad (1981)
Notes
References
1975 Pacific typhoon season
Typhoons in Japan
1975 in Japan
Typhoons
10 Things I Hate About You is an American television sitcom broadcast on ABC Family beginning in 2009. Developed by Carter Covington, the show is a half-hour, single-camera series based on the 1999 film of the same name. It premiered on Tuesday, July 7, 2009 at 8 pm. Following its initial 10-episode run, a second set of 10 episodes aired from March 29, 2010 to May 24, 2010. The series was cancelled in April 2010.
Plot
The series is based on 10 Things I Hate About You, which is itself based on William Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew. The Stratford sisters, Kat (Lindsey Shaw) and Bianca (Meaghan Martin), have just moved from Ohio to California. As they start at their new school (Padua High), they have very different goals. It's clear that one sister wants to stand out and the other just wants to fit in. Kat is a cool, smart, strong-willed, forthright feminist who is looking to save the world and get out of school as fast as they can. When they meet the intense Patrick Verona (Ethan Peck), sparks begin to fly. Bianca is a social butterfly whose main goal in life is to be popular, but when the head cheerleader makes them the mascot, they realize they have a long way to go. As they start a bumpy year at Padua High, Kat and Bianca attempt to navigate the popular crowd, boys and their over-protective dad (Larry Miller). Bianca tries everything to be popular and become a cheerleader – although getting involved with the boyfriend (Chris Zylka) of the most popular girl in school (Dana Davis) creates new challenges.
Cast and characters
Main
Lindsey Shaw as Katerina "Kat" Stratford: a high school junior and Bianca's older sister
Meaghan Martin as Bianca Stratford: A sophomore and Kat's little sister
Ethan Peck as Patrick Verona: a brooding high school junior who often gets into trouble
Nicholas Braun as Cameron James: an awkward sophomore in love with Bianca
Dana Davis as Chastity Church: a sophomore and the most popular girl in school
Larry Miller as Dr. Walter Stratford: the girls' overprotective father
Recurring
Allie Gonino as Michelle
Chris Zylka as Joey Donner
Kyle Kaplan as Michael Bernstein
Ally Maki as Dawn
Jolene Purdy as Mandella
Suzy Nakamura as Principal Holland
Leslie Grossman as Ms. Darlene Tharpe
Barret Swatek as Ms. Somers
Jack Salvatore Jr. as Brad
Justin Lee as Charlie Woo
Cody McMains as Keith
Ashley Jackson as Tabitha Cook
Benjamin Stone as William "Blank" Blankenship
Development and production
In 2008, ABC Family announced their intention to create a comedy pilot based on the 1999 movie. The pilot was written by Carter Covington, a self-professed fan of the film. ABC Family green-lit the comedy in October 2008. In November 2008, casting was announced for the pilot, with production following that fall. In February 2009, the pilot was picked up when ABC Family ordered 9 additional episodes.
While Covington sought a "reimagined" adaptation, there are several connections between the pilot and movie, which gave the pilot the same feel. Gil Junger, who directed the movie, also directed the pilot and served as series consultant. Richard Gibbs, who was credited for the original music in the 1999 movie, also composed the theme music for the pilot. In addition, Larry Miller reprised their role as the overprotective father, Walter Stratford. A cover of I Want You to Want Me by Cheap Trick (which was covered for the film by Letters to Cleo) was recorded by KSM. A music video was shot which featured members of the cast with KSM.
The pilot was shot at a high school in Tujunga, California. Due to budget constraints, future episodes were filmed at a soundstage in Santa Clarita, California, with only occasional external shots in Tujunga.
Covington served as the series' showrunner, as well as an executive producer. They stated that they wanted the show "to feel like a John Hughes film every week." Junger remained on board, and directed seven of the first 10 episodes of the series.
On April 29, 2010, executive producer Carter Covington announced on their Twitter account that the series had been canceled by ABC Family due to low ratings. They later revealed their intended storylines for the next season in an interview with Entertainment Weekly.
Episodes
20 episodes were produced, 12 of them directed by Gil Junger, who also directed the original film.
Release and Home media
The series library is available to stream in the United States on Hulu.
International
DVD
Reception
Brian Lowry of Variety described the show as "a solid roll for the cable network that was once an albatross around the neck of parent Disney". Randee Dawn of The Hollywood Reporter thought that the series "has genuine appeal". Mike Hale from The New York Times named the show to their top ten in 2009, stating that "in the dog days of July," the sitcom "may have been the best thing on television". Several critics praised the series for containing clever dialogue and appealing and rooted characters. Alessandra Stanley of The New York Times called the series "not very inventive", and The New York Post, gave the show a mixed review concluding that the show is "silly, mindless fun" whose "actors are all terrific in that silly, mindless fun way that Disney teens tend to be".
On Rotten Tomatoes, the series has an aggregate score of 88% based on 14 positive and 2 negative critic reviews, with the website's consensus reading: " 10 Things I Hate About You manages to capture much of the same energy as the film it's based upon, thanks in part to a fantastic lead performance from Lindsey Shaw."
The series premiere drew 1.60 million viewers, a record at that time for a 30-minute comedy debut on the ABC Family network.
References
External links
2009 American television series debuts
2010 American television series endings
2000s American high school television series
2010s American high school television series
2000s American single-camera sitcoms
2010s American single-camera sitcoms
2000s American teen sitcoms
2010s American teen sitcoms
ABC Family original programming
English-language television shows
Modern adaptations of works by William Shakespeare
Live action television shows based on films
Works based on The Taming of the Shrew
Television shows set in Los Angeles
Television series by Disney–ABC Domestic Television
Television series about teenagers
Tabron is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Chris Tabron (born 1981), American record producer
Eliot Tabron (born 1960), American sprinter
Vincenzo Pellegrini (1575–1612) was an Italian painter of the late-Renaissance and Baroque periods, born at Perugia. They were a follower of Federico Barocci
Reception
Their art is very based.
References
1575 births
1612 deaths
People from Urbino
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Umbrian painters
Italian Renaissance painters
Tim Reese was the Treasurer of Pennsylvania from 2015 to 2017. They were succeeded by Joe Torsella.
Early life and education
Reese holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering & Electronics Technology from Temple University and was a Fellow at Temple University Fox School of Business.
Career
After Treasurer Rob McCord resigned in 2015, Reese was nominated for the position by Governor Wolf. As Treasurer of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, Reese served as chief executive of the Treasury Department and oversaw an operating budget of more than $40 million and a staff of approximately 350 employees. They served as the chair of the Board of Finance and Revenue, which selects banks to serve as state depositories; sets interest rates paid on Commonwealth deposits; and hears and decides state tax appeals.
During a state budget crisis, Reese avoided a financial shutdown and chaired the investment committee to re-allocate over $1 billion in investments and apply new investment strategies. They established an emerging managers program and invested in affordable housing, small business and infrastructure projects. They developed a Small Business Initiative public–private partnership and implemented an internal training program to promote best practices and employee career growth.
Reese began their career with Honeywell, where they focused on applying software solutions for the paper industry. They were responsible for bringing new products and production capacity on-line. Reese left Honeywell to work with several new technology ventures from 1993 to 2015, serving in positions as manager of information systems, senior vice president, chief technology officer, chief finance officer, and chief executive officer during this time.
Personal life
Reese is married to Sara and has three children. In 2012, they started the National Minority Angel Network to promote investment in companies owned by women, minorities, and veterans. As a panelist during Philly Tech Week 2017, Reese spoke on the benefit of a business plan for minority startups.
References
21st-century American politicians
African-American people in Pennsylvania politics
Living people
Pennsylvania Independents
People from Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
State treasurers of Pennsylvania
Temple University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American politicians
"Ave Satani" is the theme song to the film The Omen (1976) composed by Jerry Goldsmith. The Omen won the Academy Award for Best Original Score, with Ave Satani nominated for Best Original Song, one of the few foreign languages (Latin) songs ever to be nominated.
History
The Latin title of Ave Satani (correct: Ave Satana) translates to "Hail Satan" in English. In an interview, Goldsmith says that their idea was to create a kind of Satanic version of a Gregorian chant and came up with ideas while talking with the London choir-master of the orchestra who was helping him. They decided to create something like a Black Mass, inverting Latin phrases from the Latin Mass. The choir-master, according to Goldsmith, was an expert in Latin and helped them come up with phrases; instead of saying "Hail Mary", they decided on "Hail Satan", and so on. The song contains various Latin phrases inverting Christ and the Mass, such as "Ave Versus Christi", meaning "Hail Anti-Christ", and "Corpus Satani", an inversion of "Corpus Christi", the body of Christ. The resulting lyrics are an inversion of the Roman Catholic rite of the consecration and elevation of the body and blood of Christ during the Mass (see Eucharist in the Catholic Church).
A version of the song has been produced by the band Fantômas, who altered some of the lyrics so that they mean "smallest blood, body spirit" rather than "we drink the blood, we eat the flesh," and added the word "Rotted". Other versions of the original song have been performed by the Italian vocalist Servio Tulio, and by Gregorian. It has been used in mixes of sinister music and such a concept was made into an album by Van Helsing's Curse involving Dee Snider and other musicians, entitled Oculus Infernum.
Lyrics
The choir master's Latin contains a number of errors. Below are the Latin phrases which are repeated throughout the music, with their intended meaning, and a more correct Latin version:
See also
The Omen
Horror
Satanism
Black Mass
Ave Satanas
References
1976 songs
1976 compositions
Compositions by Jerry Goldsmith
Songs with music by Jerry Goldsmith
Choral compositions
Horror fiction
Film theme songs
The Omen (franchise)
Halloween songs
Latin-language songs
Eros, in comics, may refer to:
Eros, a Marvel Comics character and Eternal better known as Starfox (comics)
Eros (DC Comics), a DC Comics character, child of Ares and enemy of Wonder Woman
See also
Eros Comix, a line of pornographic comic books published by Fantagraphics
Eros (disambiguation)
References
Bagh Sukhteh (, also Romanized as Bāgh Sūkhteh) is a village in Pa Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 10 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Aik Aur Sitam Hai () is a 2019 Pakistani television series, co-produced by Evolution Media and TNI Productions. The serial airs weekly episode on A-Plus TV every wednesday replacing Khafa Khafa Zindagi. It stars Maria Wasti, Alyy Khan, Fawad Jalal and Beenish Chohan.The title song of the series is sung by actor Zhalay Sarhadi.
Shooting location
Karachi & TandoAdam Sindh
Cast
Maria Wasti as Ruqsana
Alyy Khan as Rasheed
Beenish Chohan as Saira
Fawad Jalal as Fahad
Adnan Shah Tipu
Sumbul Shahid
References
External links
Official website
Pakistani drama television series
Urdu-language television shows
Urdu-language telenovelas
2019 Pakistani television series debuts
A-Plus TV original programming
Nicolas Jeanjean (born 13 March 1981 in Montpellier, France) was a French rugby union footballer, who played for CA Brive in the Top 14. Their usual position was at a Fullback. Prior to joining CA Brive they played for Stade Toulousain and Stade Français. They made their debut for France on 16 June 2001 against South Africa.
Honours
Grand Slam: 2002
Top 14: 2000–01 with Stade Toulousain, 2006–07 with Stade Français
References
External links
Nicolas Jeanjean
1981 births
Living people
French rugby union players
Stade Toulousain players
Stade Français players
France international rugby union players
CA Brive players
Sportspeople from Montpellier
Rugby union fullbacks
North Minahasa Regency is a regency in North Sulawesi, Indonesia. Its capital is Airmadidi. It was originally part of the Minahasa Regency until it was established as a separate regency on 20 November 2003. It covers an area of 1,059.24 km2, and had a population of 188,904 at the 2010 Census; this had risen to 224,993 at the 2020 Census. The Regency includes the offshore islands of Bangka (Pulau Bangka) and Talisei (Pulau Talise) to the north of Sulawesi, and Mantenang (Pulau Mantehage) and Naeng Besar (Pulau Nain Besar) to the northwest.
Administration
The regency is divided into ten districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations from the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the location of the administrative centre and the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan) in each district, and its postal codes.
Notes: (a) including 10 small offshore islands. (b) including offshore islands of Mantehage, Nain Besar, Nain Kecil, Bulu, Makelehi and Paniki to the west. (c) including offshore islands of Talisei, Kelapa Dua and 10 smaller to the north. (d) including offshore islands of Bangka and 18 smaller to the north.
References
Regencies of North Sulawesi
Galloping Romeo is a 1933 American pre-Code Western film released by Monogram Pictures, written and directed by Robert N. Bradbury, and starring Bob Steele.
Cast
Bob Steele as Bob Rivers
Doris Hill as Mary Kent
George "Gabby" Hayes as Grizzly
Ed Brady as Matt Kent
Frank Ball as Sheriff Jerry
Ernie Adams as Andy Kent
Lafe McKee as Marshal Gregory
Earl Dwire as Express Agent Pete Manning (replaced by Hal Price)
George Nash as Henchman
Silver Tip Baker as Stage Driver Silver Keller (uncredited)
Dick Dickinson as Henchman (uncredited)
Tex Palmer as Deputy (uncredited)
Hal Price as Pete Manning, Express Agent (uncredited)
See also
Bob Steele filmography
External links
1933 films
1933 Western (genre) films
1930s English-language films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Robert N. Bradbury
Monogram Pictures films
American Western (genre) films
Films with screenplays by Harry L. Fraser
1930s American films
Gaston-Antoine Rasneur (1874–1939) was bishop of Tournai from 1924 to 1939.
Life
Rasneur was born in on 26 February 1874. They were ordained to the priesthood for the diocese of Tournai in 1899 and graduated from Doctor of Sacred Theology from the Catholic University of Leuven in 1902. From 1906 to 1911 they were professor of Sacred Scripture at the Major Seminary, Tournai. They were appointed dean of Châtelet in 1911 and served as vicar general from 1921 to 1924. On 6 April 1922 they were awarded a knighthood in the Order of Leopold. They became bishop of Tournai in 1924, serving until their death on 23 November 1939. They played a leading role in Pope Pius XI's condemnation of Action Française in 1926.
Writings
"Le Concile de Cologne de 346", Bulletin de la Commission Royale d'Histoire, 72 (1903), pp. 27-59.
Further reading
Jean Dermine, Son Excellence Monseigneur Gaston-Antoine Rasneur, Évêque de Tournay, 1874–1939 (Tournai, Casterman, 1940)
References
1874 births
1939 deaths
Bishops of Tournai
Catholic University of Leuven (1834–1968) alumni
Judgement (XX), or in some decks spelled Judgment, is a tarot card, part of the Major Arcana suit usually comprising 22 cards.
Card meanings
Judgement
Rebirth
Inner-calling
Absolution
Karma
Causality
Second chance
Description
The traditional scene is modeled after Christian imagery of the Resurrection and Last Judgment. An angel, possibly Metatron, probably Israfil, is depicted blowing a great trumpet, from which hangs the flag of St. George, which references the 15th chapter of 1 Corinthians. A group of resurrected people (man, woman, and child) of sallow complexion stand, arms spread, looking up at the angel in awe. The Sleeping Dead are emerging from crypts or graves, calling back to the Book of Revelation chapter 20, where the sea gives up its dead. There are snow-covered mountains in the background indicating a winter theme, similar to The Hermit, as a symbolical ending.
Alternative decks
In the Thoth tarot deck, Judgement is referred to as The Aeon and includes pictorial representations of Nuit, Hadit and Ra-Hoor-Khuit and Harpocrates.
See also
Angels in art
References
Major Arcana
Puff Kuo (; born 30 June 1988) is a Taiwanese actor, singer, model, and was the youngest member of Taiwanese girl group Dream Girls until their disbandment.
In 2008, Kuo was scouted by talent agents and in 2010, they joined girl group Dream Girls. In 2011, Dream Girls released their debut EP and in the same year, Kuo appeared in their debut television series Inborn Pair.
Early life
Kuo was born on 30 June 1988 in Gongliao Township, Taipei County, Taiwan. Them mother died from breast cancer when they were 9, leaving them and their younger sister to be cared for by relatives while their father worked in China for many years..
Career
2008–2010
Kuo debuted as a commercial model in 2008. Them first television appearance was in a McDonald's commercial that aired in Taiwan. After their commercial appearance, they were discovered by Dorian Entertainment, which they signed on as their management company. During this time, they and future group members Tia Lee and Emily Song of Dream Girls were under training before officially debuting as a group. Kuo had several appearances in variety shows such as Guess, 100% Entertainment, and Kangxi Lai Le and appeared in numerous music videos.
2011–2012
In December 2011, Kuo had their first acting role in SETTV's drama Inborn Pair, playing the supporting role of the daughter of a triad boss. Inborn Pair was a ratings success and saw the boost in popularity of its stars.
In 2012, Kuo starred in their first film, Silent Code. That same year they starred in another SETTV drama entitled Miss Rose, playing the supporting role of a spoiled fiancee to lead actor Roy Chiu's character. In December, Dream Girls released their second group EP Girl's Talk.
2013–present
In 2013, Kuo made a cameo appearance in Fabulous Boys, the Taiwanese remake of the popular Korean idol drama You're Beautiful. That same year they also got their first lead role, opposite Aaron Yan in SETTV's Just You, playing the role Cheng Liang Liang. The Kuo and Yan pairing was well received, and the two won the "Best Screen Couple Award" at the 2013 Sanlih Drama Awards. The same year in December, Dream Girls released their debut studio album.
At the beginning of 2014, Kuo became a part of the second season of We Got Married Global Edition. Super Junior's Kim Heechul appeared as Kuo's partner in the variety show. Them appearance on the variety show helped boost their popularity outside of Taiwan.
In April 2014 Kuo was cast in Pleasantly Surprised. In Pleasantly Surprised, Kuo starred opposite popular male model and actor Jasper Liu, whom they first met and previously collaborated with for a short comedy skit at the 2013 Golden Bell Awards presentation show, where they played a couple as leads in a romantic idol drama. For their role in Pleasantly Surprised, they played an aspiring French chef with a cold and calm demeanor who eventually opens up and falls in love with their handsome sunshiny co-worker played by Liu. Kuo and Liu's chemistry as a screen couple was successful and well received by critics and viewers. The two won the "Best Kiss" award at the 2014 Sanlih drama awards. Kuo also showed that their popularity was rising outside of Taiwan when they won the "China Wave Award" at the same ceremony.
Music
After Kuo's group Dream Girls signed on March 23, 2011 with Linfair Records, they debuted on April 8 with the release of their EP Dream Girls (美夢當前). The group's second album, titled "Girl's Talk," debuted on 7 December 2012.
After starring in We Got Married Global Edition, Kuo's popularity soared in South Korea and their group Dream Girls was the only Taiwanese music act invited to the "2014 Asia Song Festival" held in Busan, South Korea. Kuo served as a guest emcee at the event.
In late 2014, after Pleasantly Surprised finished filming, Kuo took a break from acting to work on Dream Girls' next album and a photo book that was scheduled for release in December 2014.
Personal life
When growing up Kuo was raised by their father's relatives while their younger sister lived with their mother's relatives. Kuo and their younger sister were estranged from each other until Kuo entered the entertainment industry and was able to provide for them sister.
Kuo is a cat lover who owns 3 cats, one of whom they rescued on a busy highway and later adopted.
Filmography
Television series
Feature film
Short film
Appearance on Variety Shows
Music video appearances
Discography
Studio album
Single
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Puff Kuo on Weibo
Puff Kuo on douban.com
Puff Kuo on chinesemov.com
1988 births
Taiwanese female models
Taiwanese film actores
Taiwanese television actores
21st-century Taiwanese actores
21st-century Taiwanese singers
Living people
21st-century Taiwanese women singers
The 2020 United States presidential election in Kansas was held on Tuesday, November 3, 2020, as part of the 2020 United States presidential election in which all 50 states plus the District of Columbia participated. Kansas voters chose six electors to represent them in the Electoral College via a popular vote, pitting the Republican Party's nominee, incumbent President Donald Trump of Florida, and running mate Vice President Mike Pence of Indiana against Democratic Party nominee, former Vice President Joe Biden of Delaware, and their running mate California Senator Kamala Harris. Kansas has six electoral votes in the Electoral College.
Kansas weighed in for this election as 19% more Republican than the national average.
Primary elections
Canceled Republican primary
On September 7, 2019, the Kansas Republican Party became one of several state GOP parties to officially cancel their respective primaries and caucuses. Donald Trump's re-election campaign and GOP officials have cited the fact that Republicans canceled several state primaries when George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush sought a second term in 1992 and 2004, respectively; and Democrats scrapped some of their primaries when Bill Clinton and Barack Obama were seeking reelection in 1996 and 2012, respectively. At its state convention held between January 31 and February 1, 2020, the state party voted to formally bind all 39 of its national pledged delegates to Trump.
Democratic primary
The Kansas Democratic primary was conducted entirely by mail. Votes were counted on May 2, 2020. Joe Biden was declared the winner.
General election
Predictions
Polling
Graphical summary
Aggregate polls
Polls
Donald Trump vs. Michael Bloomberg
Donald Trump vs. Pete Buttigieg
Donald Trump vs. Bernie Sanders
Donald Trump vs. Elizabeth Warren
Results
Results by county
Counties that flipped from Republican to Democratic
Johnson (the largest municipality: Overland Park)
Riley (the largest municipality: Manhattan)
Shawnee (the largest municipality: Topeka)
Results by congressional district
Trump won 3 of the 4 congressional districts.
Analysis
Although Trump won Kansas by a solid margin, Biden's 41.53 percent vote share was the highest for a Democratic presidential nominee since 2008 — among the best Democratic statewide increases of the election. Biden's 14.65-point defeat represented the first time since 1916, and only the second time ever, that Kansas voted more Democratic than neighboring Missouri, where their margin of defeat was 15.39 points.
Biden's gains were powered by significant improvement in Kansas' suburbs and college towns: they carried several counties that had not voted Democratic in decades. For example, they were the first Democrat to win Shawnee County, home to the state capital of Topeka, since Bill Clinton's narrow plurality in 1992. Additionally, they became the first Democrat to carry Johnson County, the state's most populous and home to Overland Park and Olathe, since Woodrow Wilson in 1916. Finally, they made history when they won Riley County, anchored by the Fort Riley military installation and Kansas State University. In the entire history of the county, it had voted Republican in every election except in 1912 when it was won by Progressive candidate Theodore Roosevelt. While they didn't win Sedgwick County, the second-most populous in the state and home to the state's largest city, Wichita, they slightly improved on Obama's 2008 result there and received 42.9 percent of the vote, a 44-year high for Democrats since Jimmy Carter received 46.5 percent of the vote in 1976. This is also the first election since 1992 in which a Democratic candidate won at least five counties.
Per exit polls by the Associated Press, Trump's strength in Kansas came from white voters, who supported Trump by 59%–38%. White voters with college degrees, however, split evenly between Trump and Biden. Trump retained almost universal support in the aging agricultural counties of western Kansas.
Notes
Partisan clients
See also
United States presidential elections in Kansas
2020 United States presidential election
2020 Democratic Party presidential primaries
2020 Republican Party presidential primaries
2020 United States elections
References
Further reading
External links
(state affiliate of the U.S. League of Women Voters)
Kansas
2020
Presidential
Robin Williams MBE (born 5 April 1959) is a Welsh professional rowing coach for Team GB. They represented Great Britain at six world championships, winning silver and bronze medals. They were coach to the Cambridge University Boat Club for 11 years winning seven Varsity Boat races. As of 2014 they are coach to the World record holders and the reigning Olympic, World, World Cup and European champions of the women's coxless pair, variously rowed by Helen Glover, Heather Stanning and Polly Swann, achieving an unbroken sequence of twelve gold medal victories at world level.
Early life and education
Born in Anglesey, Wales they learned to row on the River Wye whilst at Monmouth School (Monmouth Rowing Club), and then attended University College London where they joined the University of London Boat Club.
Career
From 1983 to 1987 Williams was an advertising manager for the Financial Times, plus working in the Caribbean as a salvage diver. In 2010 Williams set up Totally Outdoors in Henley, selling outdoor clothing and rowing equipment.
Rowing
Williams rowed for University of London Boat Club and gained their first Great Britain vest in 1981, an international career that lasted 10 years until 1991. They won a Gold Medal at the Match des Seniors (Under 23 Championships) in 1981 and Silver and Bronze at the 1988 and 1989 World Rowing Championships. They have also won three Henley Royal regatta medals and 5 Lucerne regatta medals.
Coaching
In the early '90s, whilst rowing for the London Rowing Club, they also got involved with management and coaching, working as part-time coach for three years for the Great Britain lightweights. Williams stated that "It was a good springboard for a coaching career because we had GB rowers there. We won a lot of stuff at all levels and I think that got me established as a coach." In 1996 they coached the lightweight men's four to 10th place at the Olympics in Atlanta.
In 1994 they became coach to the Cambridge University Boat Club having rejected a similar position at the Oxford University Boat Club. Over the next 11 years their crew won the annual Boat Race seven times.
From 2005 until 2009 they coached the men's lightweight crews for Team GB at Henley on the Thames and the Redgrave Pinsent Rowing Lake in Caversham, Berkshire. In 2007 the lightweight four won gold at the World Championships in Munich-Oberschleißheim, and in 2008 they came fifth at the Olympics in Beijing.
In July 2010 they began coaching Helen Glover and Heather Stanning in the women's coxless pair, such that by November they had improved from their world rankings of 16 and 17 to take the silver medal at the 2010 World Rowing Championships in New Zealand. In 2011 they took them to within 0.08 seconds of the gold medal at the 2011 World Rowing Championships in Slovenia.
In 2012 Glover and Stanning won the gold medal in the Women's coxless pair at the London Olympics. In 2013 they led Glover and Polly Swann to become World champions at Chungju, South Korea. In 2014 they led Glover and Swann to the gold medal at the European Rowing Championships at Ada Ciganlija, Belgrade on 30 May. This was followed by Glover and Stanning winning the overall title in the World Rowing Cup and then becoming world champions at the 2014 World Rowing Championships held at the Bosbaan, Amsterdam. They won both their heat and the semi-final and set a new world record time of 6:50.61 in the final, breaking the 2002 time by three seconds. As of 2014 this represents an unbroken sequence of twelve gold medal victories at world level.
Family life
Since 2005 Williams has lived in Henley with their wife Anna and their two children, Lizzie and Curtains.
Honours
Williams was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 New Year Honours for services to rowing. In 2016, they were named BBC Wales coach of the year.
References
British male rowers
Living people
Members of the Order of the British Empire
1959 births
Rowing coaches
People educated at Monmouth School
Sportspeople from Anglesey
Welsh male rowers
Alumni of University College London
Monmouth, Wales
The 2012 Texas Tennis Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the second edition of the tournament. It was classified as one of the WTA International tournaments of the 2012 WTA Tour. It took place in Dallas, United States from 17 to 24 August 2012.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Seedings are based on the rankings of August 13, 2012
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw
Jarmila Gajdošová
Bojana Jovanovski
Yanina Wickmayer
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Eugenie Bouchard
Casey Dellacqua
Mirjana Lučić
Pauline Parmentier
The following player entry as lucky loser:
Emily Webley-Smith
Withdrawals
Angelique Kerber (left shoulder injury)
Sabine Lisicki (left abdominal sprain)
Monica Niculescu (hand injury)
Ksenia Pervak
Urszula Radwańska
Retirements
Kiki Bertens (right abdominal injury)
Peng Shuai (right shoulder injury)
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of August 13, 2012
Other entrants
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:
Roxanne Ellison / Sierra Ellison
Emily Harman / Simone Kalhorn
The following pair received entry as alternates:
Eugenie Bouchard / Aleksandra Wozniak
Withdrawals
Kiki Bertens (right abdominal injury)
Champions
Singles
Roberta Vinci def. Jelena Janković, 7–5, 6–3
Doubles
Marina Erakovic / Heather Watson def. Līga Dekmeijere / Irina Falconi, 6–3, 6–0
External links
Official Website
Texas Tennis Open
Texas Tennis Open
Thomas Veronese (born 2 November 1986) is an Italian professional footballer playing for Mqabba in the Maltese BOV Challenge League.
Club career
Veronese played youth football with Venezia F.C.
They joined St. Georgen in 2012. In 2013 they signed for A.C. Mezzocorona.
It has been reported that Veronese once moved without advising their previous club, with the A.C. Trento S.C.S.D. management learning about their departure from their new club's website, A.C. Mestre. Mestre is Veronese's hometown team.
Thomas Veronese joined Mosta in 2017. Veronese was an important player for Mosta throughout season 2017–18. They showed excellent displays and was already targeted by clubs such as Gzira United F.C. half-way through the season in January 2018. They were eventually signed by Gzira United F.C. in their bid to bolster their defence prior to Europa League commitments.
Veronese debuted for Gzira in the UEFA Europa League against Andorran UE Sant Julià.
International career
Veronese has appeared for the Italy U20 C.
References
External links
Thomas Veronese at MFA
Italian footballers
Italian expatriate footballers
Footballers from Venice
1986 births
Living people
Association football defenders
A.C. Belluno 1905 players
A.C. Trento 1921 players
F.C. Südtirol players
Bassano Virtus 55 S.T. players
A.C. Montichiari players
A.C. Mezzocorona players
A.C. Mestre players
Gżira United F.C. players
Tarxien Rainbows F.C. players
Gudja United F.C. players
Mqabba F.C. players
Mosta F.C. players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Maltese Premier League players
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Malta
Expatriate footballers in Malta
Luis José Espinal Florencio (born 20 February 1994) is a Dominican footballer who plays as a forward for Atlético Pantoja and the Dominican Republic national team.
International career
Espinal made their formal debut for the Dominican Republic on 22 March 2018, being a second half substitute in a 4–0 friendly win against the Turks and Caicos Islands. They had faced Puerto Rico, Martinique and Nicaragua (twice) between 2016 and 2017, but none of these matches were recognised by FIFA.
International goals
Scores and results list Dominican Republic's goal tally first
Honors and awards
Clubs
Deportivo Pantoja
Primera División de Republica Dominicana: 2011–12
Atlético Pantoja
Liga Dominicana de Fútbol: 2015
Caribbean Club Championship: 2018
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Dominican Republic footballers
Association football forwards
Liga Dominicana de Fútbol players
Dominican Republic international footballers
Dominican Republic under-20 international footballers
Ataxia crassa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Vitali in 2007. It is known from Jamaica.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 2007
Buzyurovo () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Buzyurovsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 486 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Buzyurovo is located 24 km southwest of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Alexandrovka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Groth is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Annette Groth (born 1954), German politician
Erik Groth (born 1975), American business person
Ernest Groth (1922–2004), baseball player
Gary Groth (born 1954), American comic book editor, publisher, and critic
Henrik Groth (1903–1983), Norwegian publisher and essayist
Jacob Groth (born 1951), Danish film composer
Jarmila Groth (born 1987), Slovak-Australian tennis player
Jeff Groth (American football) (born 1957), American football player
Jeff Groth (film editor), film and television editor
Johnny Groth (born 1926), baseball player
Klaus Groth (1819–1899), German poet
Martin Groth (born 1969), German football player
Paul Heinrich von Groth (1843–1927), German mineralogist
René Groth (born 1972), German football player
Samuel Groth (born 1987), Australian tennis player
Stephen Fazekas de St. Groth, Hungarian-Australia microbiologist
Stephan Groth (born 1971), Danish musician, Apoptygma Berzerk
Sylvester Groth (born 1958), German actor and tenor
Wilhelm Groth (1904–1977), German physical chemist
See also
The extended Groth Strip, an image of a small region in the constellation Ursa Major
German-language surnames
Jochem Kamphuis (born 11 April 1986) is a Dutch football referee who officiates in the Eredivisie. They have been a FIFA referee since 2020, and is ranked as a UEFA third category referee.
Refereeing career
In 2008, Kamphuis began officiating in the Eerste Divisie. Three years later, they made their refereeing debut in the top-flight Eredivisie. Their first match officiated in the league was on 15 October 2011 between SC Heerenveen and De Graafschap. Kamphuis also officiated matches in the Belgian Second Division and the Saudi Professional League. In 2020, they were put on the FIFA referees list. On 18 August 2020, they were named as the video assistant referee for the 2020 UEFA Europa League Final between Sevilla and Inter Milan.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Groningen (city)
Dutch football referees
Andrzej Perka (born 16 February 1941) is a Polish former basketball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics.
References
1941 births
Living people
Polish men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Poland
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Basketball players from Warsaw
Hyalesthes is a bug genus in the family Cixiidae.
H. obsoletus is the vector of the Black wood disease of grapevine.
Species
Hyalesthes angustulus
Hyalesthes askalensis
Hyalesthes aylanus
Hyalesthes carinifrons
Hyalesthes diyala
Hyalesthes duffelsi
Hyalesthes flavipennis
Hyalesthes flavovaria
Hyalesthes hani
Hyalesthes luteipes
Hyalesthes madeires
Hyalesthes mavromoustkisi
Hyalesthes mlokosiewiczi
Hyalesthes obsoletus
Hyalesthes orsoles
Hyalesthes philesakis
Hyalesthes ponticorum
Hyalesthes portonoves
Hyalesthes productus
Hyalesthes scotti
Hyalesthes stylidentata
Hyalesthes teno
Hyalesthes thracina
Hyalesthes tilos
Hyalesthes verticillata
Hyalesthes veyseli
Hyalesthes yozgaticus
Hyalesthes zabolica
References
Auchenorrhyncha genera
Cixiidae
Shelgaon, commonly known as "Shelgaon Hatkar" is a village located in Sonpeth taluka of Parbhani district, in state of Maharashtra.
Demographics
As per 2011 census:
Shelgaon Hatkar has 670 families residing. The village has population of 3282.
Out of the population of 2744, 1386 are males while 1358 are females.
Literacy rate of the village is 67.05%.
Average sex ratio of the village is 980 females to 1000 males. Average sex ratio of Maharashtra state is 929.
Geography, and transport
Distance between Shelgaon Maratha, and district headquarters Parbhani is .
References
Villages in Parbhani district
Parigi Moutong Regency is a regency of Central Sulawesi Province of Indonesia. It covers an area of 6,231.85 km2 and had a population of 413,588 at the 2010 Census and 440,015 at the 2020 Census; the official estimate as at mid 2021 was 443,170. The principal town lies at Parigi.
Administrative Districts
Parigi Moutong Regency was divided at 2010 into twenty districts (kecamatan), but three additional districts were subsequently added. The districts are all tabulated below in geographical order, stretching clockwise around the Gulf of Tomini, with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and 2020 Census, together with the official estimates as at mid 2021. The table also includes the locations of the district administrative centres, the number of villages in each district (rural desa and urban kelurahan), and its post code.
Notes: (a) The 2010 population of the new Sidoan District is included with the figure for Tinombo District. (b) The 2010 populations of the new Ongka Malino District and Bolano District are included with the figure for Bolano Lambunu District.
References
Regencies of Central Sulawesi
Yulia Sergeyevna Leskina (; born 9 February 1991) is a Russian ice hockey goaltender and former member of the Russian national ice hockey team.
International career
Leskina was selected to represent Russia in the 2014 Winter Olympics. They played in two games, winning both, and making twenty-eight saves on thirty shots.
As of 2014, Leskina has also appeared for Russia at one IIHF Women's World Championships. Playing one period as Russia won a bronze medal in 2013.
Leskina made two appearances for the Russia women's national under-18 ice hockey team, at the IIHF World Women's U18 Championships. The first came in 2008.
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013-14 season
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
People from Pervouralsk
Olympic ice hockey players of Russia
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Russian women's ice hockey goaltenders
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 2015 Winter Universiade
Sportspeople from Sverdlovsk Oblast
The 17th Actors and Actresses Union Awards ceremony was held on 31 March 2008 at the Palacio de Congresos in Madrid.
In addition to the competitive awards, the priest Enrique de Castro received the '' award whereas the '' career award. The Special Award went to the . Javier Bardem also was recognised by their peers for their recently won Academy Award, the first ever by a Spanish actor.
Winners and nominees
The winners and nominees are listed as follows:
Film
Television
Theatre
Newcomers
References
2008 in Madrid
Spanish film awards
Spanish television awards
Spanish theatre awards
2008 television awards
2008 film awards
2008 theatre awards
March 2008 events in Europe
Rhabdophis callichroma, the Bavi keelback, is a keelback snake in the family Colubridae found in Vietnam and China.
References
Rhabdophis
Snakes of Southeast Asia
Reptiles of Vietnam
Reptiles of China
Reptiles described in 1934
Taxa named by René Léon Bourret
"Once in a While" is a popular song, written by Michael Edwards with lyrics by Bud Green. The song was published in 1937. The song is a much-recorded standard.
Popular recordings
Tommy Dorsey's recording in 1937 went to number one in the United States.
One of the best-known recordings was made by Patti Page in 1952 (on Mercury 5867).
The song was revived in doo-wop style by the Chimes in 1960, and their version peaked at number eleven on the Billboard Hot 100 in January 1961.
Other recordings
Popular culture
At the end of the instrumental "Stucco Homes" on the third volume of Frank Zappa's 1981 album Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar, drummer Terry Bozzio sings the hook of this song.
See also
List of 1930s jazz standards
References
1937 songs
Tommy Dorsey songs
Patti Page songs
The Chimes songs
Elkie Brooks songs
Songs with lyrics by Bud Green
1930s jazz standards
Omnis Mundi Creatura is a single released by electro-medieval/darkwave band Helium Vola. It was released in 2001 by Chrom Records.
The lyrics of the song are entirely in Latin. They are copied from a 12th-century text by the neo-Platonist Alain de Lile:
Omnis mundi creatura quasi liber et pictura nobis est in speculum: nostrae vitae, nostrae mortis, nostri status, nostrae sortis fidele signaculum.
[All the world's creatures, as a book and a picture, are to us as a mirror: in it our life, our death, our present condition and our passing are faithfully signified.]
Track listing
"Omnis Mundi Creatura (Album Version)" – 6:06
"Minne Und Treue" – 4:44
"Fama Tuba" – 4:36
"Omnis Mundi Creatura (Radio Version)" – 4:09
Credits
Ernst Horn - Keyboards & production
Sabine Lutzenberger - vocals
Additional singers - Gerlinde Sämann, Susan Weiland, Andreas Hirtreiter, Tobias Schlierf
Lyrics - Traditional
Composed by Ernst Horn
References
External links
Wikisource: Omnis mundi creatura
2001 songs
Just Do It or JDI for short (stylized as JUST DO IT. and set in Futura Bold Condensed) is a trademark of shoe company Nike, and it is one of the core components of Nike's brand. The slogan was coined in 1988 at an advertising agency meeting. The founder of the Wieden+Kennedy agency, Dan Wieden, credits the inspiration for their "Just Do It" Nike slogan to Gary Gilmore's last words: "Let's do it." The "Just Do It" campaign allowed Nike to further increase its share of the North American domestic sport-shoe business from 18% to 43%, (from $877 million to $9.2 billion in worldwide sales) from 1988 to 1998. In many Nike-related situations, "Just Do It" appears alongside the Nike logo, known as the Swoosh.
Campaign
The "Just Do It" campaign launched in 1988 was highly successful, with the company defining the meaning of "Just Do It" as being both "universal and intensely personal." While Reebok was directing their campaign at aerobics during the fitness craze of the 1980s, Nike responded with "a tough, take no prisoners ad campaign." One of the campaign's objectives was to target all Americans—regardless of age, gender or physical fitness level—and Nike's fundamental objective was to represent sneakers as a fashion statement to consumers, which led to Nike apparel becoming worn as more than just fitness gear. The "Just Do It" campaign went out to a range of media outlets including merchandise, outdoor billboards, print media, and graffiti art.
Throughout the campaign, Nike enlisted a range of people from varying ethnicities and races, as well as numerous notable athletes, in order to attract customers and promote the image of Nike as being reliable to not only everyday customers but professional athletes. Athletes such as football stars Bo Jackson, Ronaldinho, and Wayne Rooney; basketball stars Michael Jordan and Kobe Bryant; and tennis stars Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal were used in their advertisements.
The campaign embodied Nike's image as an innovative American icon associated with success through the combination of professional athletes and motivational slogans emphasizing sportsmanship and health. This led to customers associating their purchases with the prospect of achieving greatness.
2015 Shia LaBeouf internet meme
In May 2015, the performance art group LaBeouf, Rönkkö & Turner released #INTRODUCTIONS, a half-hour video made in collaboration with Central Saint Martins Fine Art students, comprising a series of short monologues performed by actor Shia LaBeouf in front of a green screen. Each student had been instructed to provide the artists with a script to introduce their work, and the resulting footage was released under a Creative Commons license, enabling the public to freely adapt and remix it. One segment, written by Joshua Parker, in the form of an exaggerated motivational speech dubbed "Just Do It" after the eponymous Nike slogan, became an Internet meme after going viral within days of being released, spawning numerous remixes and parodies, and becoming the most searched-for GIF of 2015, according to Google.
30th anniversary and Colin Kaepernick controversy
The "Just Do It" campaign celebrated its 30th anniversary on September 5, 2018, with the release of their video titled "Dream Crazy". This short video followed the trend of Nike partnering up with famous or trending athletes and featured numerous household named sports figures such as LeBron James, Serena Williams, and Colin Kaepernick.
The involvement of Kaepernick with the advertisement, especially after the context of the controversial act of kneeling during the National Anthem in 2016, gave rise to a social movement against Nike. Many individuals took to Twitter and other social media sites to revolt, adopting hashtags such as, #JustDont or #BoycottNike. Many former fans of Nike protested by explicitly demanding that others boycott or even go as far to burn Nike shoes or destroy various other merchandise. Nevertheless, many analysts suggested that the campaign was successful, as the target group of the advertisement endorsed it.
References
Nike Inc. advertising
American advertising slogans
Advertising campaigns
1988 neologisms
1988 establishments in the United States
Alain R. Gabriel Côté (born April 14, 1967) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player and Roller Hockey player.
Biography
As a youth, Côté played in the 1979 and 1980 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournaments with a minor ice hockey team from Montmagny.
Côté was drafted in the second round (31st overall) by the Boston Bruins in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. Their first season in the National Hockey League (NHL) was 1985–86. They played a total of 36 games in their rookie year and had no goals and 6 assists. Those 32 games marked the most games that they would play in a single NHL season as they spent most of their career playing in the minors and elsewhere.
Côté played for five different NHL clubs during their career. They played for the Boston Bruins (1985–86 to 1988–89), Washington Capitals (1989–90), Montreal Canadiens (1990–91 to 1991–92), Tampa Bay Lightning (1992–93) and Quebec Nordiques (1993–94). During that span, they played a total of 119 games in which they scored 2 goals and 18 assists for 20 points. They also racked up 124 penalty minutes. As well as the NHL, Côté has played in the QMJHL, AHL and IHL. They have also played hockey in Europe and Japan.
In 1996, Côté played 26 games of Roller Hockey for the Oakland Skates. They had 4 goals and 15 assists for 19 points.
Career statistics
References
External links
1967 births
Atlanta Knights players
Baltimore Skipjacks players
Boston Bruins draft picks
Boston Bruins players
Canadian ice hockey defencemen
Cornwall Aces players
Fredericton Canadiens players
French Quebecers
Granby Bisons players
HDD Olimpija Ljubljana players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Living people
Maine Mariners players
Moncton Golden Flames players
Montreal Canadiens players
Nürnberg Ice Tigers players
Oakland Skates players
People from Montmagny, Quebec
Quebec Nordiques players
Quebec RadioX players
Quebec Rafales players
Quebec Remparts players
San Francisco Spiders players
Tampa Bay Lightning players
Tappara players
Washington Capitals players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Slovenia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Finland
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Germany
Aleksi Mikael Varttinen (born 26 June 1997) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman.  They are currently a free agent.
Career
Varttinen began their career with Ässät, playing in their various Jr. teams between 2015 and 2019. After that they played for their senior team.
On August 25, 2021, Varttinen signed for MHk 32 Liptovský Mikuláš of Slovakia's Tipos extraliga.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Finnish ice hockey defencemen
Ässät players
Hokki players
People from Eura
MHk 32 Liptovský Mikuláš players
SaPKo players
Finnish expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Finnish expatriate ice hockey people
Sportspeople from Satakunta
Curt Backeberg (2 August 1894 in Lüneburg, Germany – 14 January 1966) was a German horticulturist especially known for the collection and classification of cacti.
Biography
They travelled extensively through Central and South America, and published a number of books on cacti, including the six-volume, 4,000-page Die Cactaceae, 1958–1962, and the Kakteenlexikon, first appearing in 1966 and updated posthumously.
Although they collected and described many new species and defined a number of new genera, much of their work was based on faulty assumptions about the evolution of cacti and was too focused on geographic distribution; many of their genera have since been reorganized or abandoned. The botanist David Hunt is quoted as saying that they "left a trail of nomenclatural chaos that will probably vex cactus taxonomists for centuries." Nevertheless, their observations regarding the subtle variations among cacti have proven useful for hobbyists, who continue to use many cactus names proposed or upheld in their works.
In 1954, the Mexican botanist Helia Bravo Hollis described a new genus and named it Backebergia in honor of Curt Backeberg.
Curt Backeberg was struck by a heart attack and died on 14 January 1966.
See also
Cacti
Backebergia
References
20th-century German botanists
Botanists active in Central America
Botanists active in South America
1894 births
1966 deaths
People from Lüneburg
The Ministry of Administrative Development () is the ministry of the Syrian government.
History
The Ministry was established by Legislative Decree No. 39 of 2014. It has been managed by Dr. Salam Safaf since March 29, 2017.
Organisation
Centers
Administrative Support and Measurement Center
HR Service Center in governorates
State Leaders Center
Central departments
Communication and Executive Support Department
Quality Control Department
Institutional organization management
Human Resource Management
Reliability and Licensing Department
Functional Legislation Management
Management simplification of procedures
Administrative development directorates in the governorates
Responsibilies
The ministry is responsible for cooperation and coordination with the public and concerned authorities, undertakes the review and study of the laws regulating the public job and proposing its development to ensure the improvement of its performance and the quality of its services.
Ministers
References
Government ministers of Syria
Government ministries of Syria
Cabinet of Syria
Lists of political office-holders in Syria
2014 establishments in Syria
All stub articles
Ministries established in 2014
The Hymn of Aris or Aris Niketes (Ares Victorious) is the anthem of the Greek multi-sport club Aris, based in Thessaloniki. It was written in 1926. The lyrics were written by Georgios Kitsos and the music by Secondo Poselli (son of Vitaliano Poselli). The orchestration was made by the famous classic composer of Thessaloniki Emilios Riadis.
Lyrics
Greek lyrics
Άρης! Άρης! Άρης!
Νικητής προχωρεί πάντα μπρος.
Άρης! Άρης! Άρης!
Και στο διάβα του σκύβει ο εχθρός.
Άρης! Άρης! Άρης!
Και στο διάβα του σκύβει ο εχθρός.
Άρης! Άρης! Άρης!
Νικητής προχωρεί πάντα μπρος.
Γίγα αετέ,
με την ψύχη σου γεμάτη υπερηφάνεια,
πάντα θα φορείς
του νικητού τα αμάραντα στεφάνια;
και τη δόξα σου
κανείς ποτέ δεν θα την πάρει.
Είσαι το παιδί
της νίκης, Μακεδόνα Άρη!
Λιονταρίσια έχεις καρδιά
και στη δυνατή ορμή σου,
σαν τον λαίλαπα με μιας
τον εχθρό σου τον σκορπάς.
Ποιός ποτέ του θα βρεθεί
να χτυπήσει το κορμί σου?
Δεν μπορεί κανείς
και θα νικάς όπου και αν πάς.
Άρης νικητής!
Άρης νικητής!
Πάντα νικητής
και με δάφνες θα γυρίζεις.
Δόξα και τιμή
στην πατρίδα σου χαρίζεις.
Άρη φοβερέ,
είσαι σίφουνας, λιοντάρι.
Είσαι γίγαντας
και δόξα να' χεις πάντα Άρη!
English translation
Αres! Ares! Ares!
Αlways victorious goes ahead.
Αres! Ares! Ares!
And in front of them the enemy leaves.
Αres! Ares! Ares!
And in front of them the enemy leaves.
Αres! Ares! Ares!
Always victorious goes ahead.
Great eagle,
with your soul full of proudness,
always you belong
the winner's amaranth wreaths;
and your glory
no one will take it from you.
You are the child
of the victory, Macedonian Ares!
You have a lion's heart
and in your strong momentum,
like a whirlwind
you disband your enemy.
Who will dare
to hit your body?
No one can
and you win wherever you go.
Ares victorious!
Ares victorious!
Always victorious
with laurels you stand.
Glory and honour
you grant to your country.
Αwesome Ares,
you are tornado, lion,
you are giant;
glory to you Ares!
References
Aris Thessaloniki
Aris B.C.
Greek music
Football songs and chants
1926 songs
The Fairbanks-Williams House is a historic house located at 19 Elm Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. Built in 1852, it is the city's only known residential work by the architect Richard Upjohn, and is a fine example of Italianate architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Description and history
The house stands in a residential area east of downtown Taunton, on the east side of Elm Street opposite its junction with Vine Street. It is a -story wood-frame structure, with a cross-gabled roof and clapboarded exterior. It is a roughly T-shaped plan, with a central front-gable section, a section projecting right from its midsection, and another projection to the left near the rear. Its roof has extended eaves with large modillion blocks, and windows are set in segmented-arch openings. The front entrance is sheltered by a porch whose sections have a similar segmented-arch valances, supported by chamfered square posts. Windows on the second floor have elaborate surrounds with a bracketed sill and gabled hood. The frontmost section of the main block has a first-floor polygonal bay, topped by a turret-like roof with modillioned eave.
The house was built for W.W. Fairbanks in 1852 and is the only documented residence in the city to be designed by architect Richard Upjohn, who designed several public buildings and churches in the area during the mid-1800s. It was later owned by Abiathar King Williams, a local textile manufacturer, from 1865 to 1890. Between 1910 and 1940, it was owned by Edward Lovering, president of the Whittenton Mills.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Richard Upjohn buildings
Houses completed in 1852
Italianate architecture in Massachusetts
The following is a list of churches in Rutland.
There are no active churches in the civil parishes of Ayston, Barleythorpe, Barrow, Beaumont Chase, Burley, Gunthorpe, Leighfield, Martinsthorpe, Normanton, Thorpe by Water and Wardley. The Church of England parish churches of Ayston, Burley, Normanton and Wardley survive but are redundant. The Churches Conservation Trust maintains Ayston, Burley, Tickencote and Wardley.
The county has an estimated 57 active churches for 38,600 inhabitants, a ratio of one church for every 677 people.
Defunct churches
References
Rutland
Churches
Southern Sun is a South African hotel group previously known as Tsogo Sun Hotels. Southern Sun was founded in 1969 by South African Breweries and hotelier Sol Kerzner. During April 2022 Tsogo Sun Hotels began the process of changing the business name back to Southern Sun.
Southern Sun owns and operates more than 100 hotels in South Africa, Zambia, Mozambique, Tanzania, Seychelles, and the Middlle East. The hotel group owns and manages a range of individual hotel and resort brands including Southern Sun Hotels, Southern Sun Resorts, Garden Court, StayEasy, SUN1 and luxury properties such as 54 on Bath, Sandton Sun, Mount Grace, and Beverly Hills. On 01 April 2020 the Arabella Hotel, Golf and Spa in the Kogelberg Nature Reserve joined the group. The group also operates conferencing venues including the Sandton Convention Centre in Sandton.
History
Southern Sun Hotels was created in 1969 as a partnership between Sol Kerzner and South African Breweries. The group initially opened with six hotels including the Beverly Hills in Umhlanga.
In 1983 Southern Sun Hotels split its interests, with Sun International focusing on casino properties and Southern Sun focusing on hotel interests.
Until 2000, Southern Sun held a 20% stake in Sol Kerzner's Sun International.
In 2005 the company moved from being a brand manager to a brand owner and is an umbrella for many brands that make up the hotel group.
On 13 April 2012 the Southern Sun Hotel Group merged with Tsogo Sun Gaming & Tsogo Sun Holdings to create Tsogo Sun.
In June 2019 Tsogo Sun Holdings split into Tsogo Sun Gaming, which would operate the gaming and entertainment interests of the brand and Tsogo Sun Hotels, which would operate the hotel interests.
In April 2022 Tsogo Sun Hotels rebranded to Southern Sun.
References
External links
Southern Sun Website
Tsogo Sun Gaming Website
Tsogo Sun History
Tsogo Sun Financials
Companies based in Johannesburg
Hospitality companies of South Africa
Alain Côté (born May 3, 1957) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player for the Quebec Nordiques in the National Hockey League (NHL) and the World Hockey Association (WHA).
Playing career
Côté was drafted by the Montreal Canadiens in 3rd round (43rd overall) in the 1977 NHL amateur draft and by the Quebec Nordiques in the 5th round (47th overall) in the 1977 WHA Amateur Draft.
Côté played their entire career for the Quebec Nordiques from 1977–78 to 1988–89. In total they played 106 games in the WHA and 696 games in the NHL.
Personal life
Their son Jean-Philippe Côté also played in NHL.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
See also
List of NHL players who spent their entire career with one franchise
References
External links
1957 births
Canadian ice hockey left wingers
Chicoutimi Saguenéens (QMJHL) players
Hampton Gulls (AHL) players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Living people
Montreal Canadiens draft picks
People from Matane
Pittsburgh Penguins
Quebec Nordiques players
Quebec Nordiques (WHA) draft picks
Quebec Nordiques (WHA) players
Rochester Americans players
Syracuse Firebirds players
Cretan Greek, or the Cretan dialect (, ), is a variety of Modern Greek spoken in Crete and by the Cretan diaspora.
Geographic distribution
The Cretan dialect is spoken by the majority of the Cretan Greeks on the island of Crete, as well as by several thousands of Cretans who have settled in major Greek cities, most notably in Athens. The dialect also survives in the major centers of the Greek diaspora, mainly in the United States, Australia, and Germany.
In addition, the descendants of many Cretan Turks, who left the island during the 19th and early 20th century, continue to use it rarely today
They constitute the majority of the overall population in Ayvalık and Cunda Island as a result of the population exchange between Greece and Turkey in 1923. There is another grouping of Cretan Turks in the coastal town of al-Hamidiyah, Syria, and in the neighboring territory of Lebanon. Some of these Cretan-speaking families moved to Crete as refugees from the Syrian Civil War.
Phonology
Standard Greek has an allophonic alternation between velar consonants (, , , ) and palatalized counterparts (, , , ) before front vowels (, ). In southern dialects, the palatalization goes further towards affricates; for example, is used instead of standard 'and'). Subtypes can be distinguished that have either palato-alveolar (, , , ) or alveolo-palatal sounds (, , , ). The former are reported for Cyprus, the latter for Crete and elsewhere.
Grammar
In Standard Greek, the interrogative pronoun 'what?' is ti. In most of the Aegean Islands, except at its geographical fringe (Rhodes in the southeast; Lemnos, Thasos and the Sporades in the north and Andros in the west), it is inda, like in Cypriot Greek.
Usage and settings
Today, the Cretan dialect is rarely used in writing. However, Cretan Greeks normally communicate with each other in speech using this dialect. Cretan does not differ greatly from the other Greek dialects or from Standard Greek, leading to a fairly high level of mutual intelligibility. Many organizations of Cretans aim to preserve their culture, including their dialect; as such, the dialect does not seem to be in danger of extinction. Some academics speculate that Cretan could have become the basis of Modern Standard Greek, given its flourishing history and achievements. According to them, this process was interrupted by the Ottoman conquest in 1669.
History
Like all other modern Greek dialects (except Tsakonian and, to some extent, Griko), Cretan evolved from Koine. Its structure and vocabulary have preserved some features that distinguish it from standard Greek, owing to the distance of Crete from other main Greek centers.
Cretan Greek also shows influences from other languages. The conquest of Crete by the Andalusian Moors in 824 left behind mainly toponyms. However, Venetian influence proved to be stronger since the island remained under Venetian control for nearly five centuries. To this day, many toponyms, names, and other local words stem from the Venetian language of early modern times, which came to reinforce the Latin influence from antiquity and the early Byzantine Empire. Following the Ottoman conquest of 1669, Turkish words entered the vocabulary of Cretans as well. Borrowings, as usual, are mainly lexical; Arabic, Turkish, and Venetian had little or no effect on grammar and syntax. With the beginning of the 20th century and the evolution of technology and tourism, English, French, and German terms are widely used.
Literature
Medieval works suggest that Modern Greek started shaping as early as the 10th century, with one of the first works being the epic poem of Digenis Acritas. However, the first literary activity which was important enough to be identified as "modern Greek literature" was done in the Cretan dialect during the 16th century.
Erotokritos is undoubtedly the masterpiece of the Cretan literature and a supreme achievement of modern Greek literature. It is a romantic work written around 1600 by Vitsentzos Kornaros (1553–1613). In over 10,000 lines of rhyming fifteen-syllable couplets, the poet relates the trials and tribulations suffered by two young lovers, Erotokritos and Aretousa, daughter of Heracles, King of Athens. It was a tale that enjoyed enormous popularity among its Greek readership.
The poets of the period of Cretan literature (15th-17th centuries) used the spoken Cretan dialect. The tendency to purge the language of foreign elements was above all represented by Chortatsis, Kornaros and the anonymous poets of Voskopoula and the Sacrifice of Abraham, whose works highlight the expressive power of the dialect. As dictated by the pseudo-Aristotelian theory of decorum, the heroes of the works use a vocabulary analogous to their social and educational background. It was thanks to this convention that the Cretan comedies were written in a language that was an amalgam of Italicisms, Latinisms and the local dialect, thereby approximating to the actual language of the middle class of the Cretan towns. The time span separating Antonios Achelis, author of the Siege of Malta (1570), and Chortatsis and Kornaros is too short to allow for the formation, from scratch, of the Cretan dialect that are seen in the texts of the latter two. The only explanation, therefore, is that the poets at the end of the sixteenth century were consciously employing a particular linguistic preference – they were aiming at a pure style of language for their literature and, via that language, a separate identity for the Greek literary production of their homeland.
The flourishing Cretan school was all but terminated by the Turkish capture of the island in the 17th century. The ballads of the klephts, however, survive from the 18th century; these are the songs of the Greek mountain fighters who carried on guerrilla warfare against the Turks.
Many Greek authors have integrated Cretan literary elements in their respective works. Among these authors were Nikos Kazantzakis, who was known for their literary contributions, mainly written in standard Greek. This paradigm, overall, has helped Kazantzakis to write significant works such as Zorba the Greek and thus establish for themselves recognition in various international circles. Their Captain Michalis – set in 19th-century Crete – is notable for using many Cretan Greek words and idioms; the book's popularity making them widely known to other Greeks.
See also
Modern Greek literature
History of Crete
References
Varieties of Modern Greek
Crete
The Kerch railway bridge (), also called the Kerch Bridge (), was a short-lived Soviet Russian railway bridge across the Kerch Strait, which connects the Black Sea with the Sea of Azov. Constructed in 1944–1945 and demolished later in 1945, it connected Chushka Spit of the Krasnodar Krai with the Kerch Peninsula of the Crimean ASSR. With a length of , it was the longest bridge in the Soviet Union.
Construction began in spring 1944 shortly after the liberation of Crimea by the Red Army. Materials left from an unbuilt bridge of the occupying German forces were used by the Soviets in the construction of their bridge, Although it was opened for transport in autumn that year, construction was still incomplete, and December 1944 storms halted construction. By that time only part of the protective starkwaters were completed, and in February 1945 ice severely damaged the bridge, destroying the bridge pillars. Repair proposals were rejected and remnants of the bridge were disassembled afterwards.
History
Proposals for a bridge across the Kerch Strait
Proposals of the construction of the Kerch Strait bridge were considered as early as 1903. The bridge was supposed to be a part of a railway between Crimea and the Taman Peninsula. Two routes were considered, northern, from Yenikale to Chushka Spit, and southern, which was to cross Kerch Strait via Tuzla Spit. The northern variant allowed for usage of existing railway infrastructure and therefore was cheaper, but the railroad in this case would be longer and would have passed in the northern part of the Taman Peninsula, avoiding most economically developed areas of it. So the southern route was preferred, and in 1910 Tsar Nicholas II sanctioned geotechnical investigations on this route. The World War I and the Russian Revolution prevented construction from commencing. Not until World War II and the German invasion of the Soviet Union was the idea of a fixed link across the Kerch Strait taken up again.
Following outbreak of the German–Soviet hostilities in 1941, construction of a fixed link across the Kerch Strait gained new importance, to ensure stable supply of military units arose of both combatants. A ropeway construction by the German Organisation Todt (OT) started in 1942 and completed in June 1943. With a daily capacity of 1,000 tons, the ropeway just sufficed to meet the defensive needs of the German 17th Army. On 7 March 1943 Hitler ordered the construction of a combined road and railway bridge over the Strait of Kerch within six months, to push for the German invasion of the North Caucasus. Construction began in April 1943, but before it was completed, in September 1943 concentrated Soviet attacks began on the bridgehead, accelerating the German retreat. When retreating the Wehrmacht blew up the already completed parts of the bridge and destroyed the ropeway.
Soviet construction of a railway bridge
The Soviet Union, for its own part, closely monitored the state of transport infrastructure in German-occupied Crimea. Since June 1943, when Soviet intelligence learned that Nazi Germany was constructing a Kerch Strait bridge, information about it was allocated a special section in further intelligence reports. Soviet forces restored the ropeway and used it extensively to further the Kerch–Eltigen Operation. The Soviets also were interested in using a bridge: in January 1944, even before the liberation of Kerch by the Red Army (which would take place on 11 April, during the Crimean offensive), the State Defense Committee ordered the construction of a railway bridge across the strait, demanding that such bridge shall be ready by 15 July 1944. By the time of the liberation of Kerch the engineering design was underway and general construction had begun on the eastern adjacent roads and on the causeway on the Caucasus shore. 470 anti-air platforms, 294 anti-air guns, 132 searchlights, 96 fighters and two radars were involved in defence of the construction site from air attacks and their detection.
To hasten opening of the bridge the construction works were divided into two stages, but the government-demanded deadline was impossible to accomplish. The construction took seven months, and the first train crossed the bridge on 3 November 1944. By that time only structures dedicated for the first stage were created, while to ensure protection of the bridge from storms and ice flows there was still much work to do. Severely worsened weather conditions in December 1944, and more frequent winter storms, prevented completion of construction, and also began to inflict damage on the fixed link itself. In particular, one violent storm propelled a barge towards the eastern causeway and destroyed it.
1945 ice damage and demolition
In February 1945 drift ice, propelled by a northeastern wind from the Sea of Azov towards the incomplete bridge, inflicted fatal damage, with only five protective starkwaters ready by that time. On 18–19 February 1945, ice destroyed 24 pillars and 26 spans (of 110) fell into the strait; by 20 February 1945, 42 pillars and 48 spans were destroyed. By March 1945, 46 pillars and 53 spans were destroyed, and 1016 piles of 2357 were severely damaged. Attempts to weaken the ice by artillery and ground-based ice blasting were ineffective, and aerial bombing of ice was impossible due to very bad weather. Icebreakers were also unable to reach the bridge.
The main reason of the failure was a lack of effective protection of the bridge, resulting largely from the wrong decision to allocate protective measures to a second stage of construction. Other construction (and design) errors contributing to a collapse of the bridge included inconsistency between small-span design and ice regime in that area of the strait, construction of the bridge with incomplete engineering inquiry (which resulted in wavering on the needed ice protection measures), and lack of technical, material and work-force supply of the construction. Much of this stemmed from hurried approach to the project, which also depended on the use of German leftovers from their incomplete bridge.
Design errors meant that even if the bridge was repaired, a collapse similar to one that happened in February 1945 could recur. Coupled with a necessity of massive funding of potentially futile repair works, the proposals to repair the bridge were doomed. On 31 May 1945, the State Defense Committee deemed repair of the destroyed bridge unfeasible, which meant demolition of its remnants.
Design
The bridge started at Chushka Spit as about -long stone dam, crossed the strait and ended at a low-level shore of the Yenikale Peninsula, between and . The bridge used piles up to long, the bridge was long and about wide, it had 111 -long ordinary spans, two movable -long spans and two movable -long spans. The movable spans were of a swing bridge design, rotating horizontally over two adjacent navigable shipping lanes in the strait.
During the bridge construction, connected railways were constructed towards it from Sennaya on the Cacuasus shore, and from the on the Crimean shore. Railway links between Port Kavkaz and Sennaya and Port Krym and Kerch railway stations were also under construction: the first was to be a -long railway, the second one would be -long.
Legacy
The failure of the 1944-1945 bridge did not mean immediate abandonment of the idea of a fixed link across the Kerch Strait by the Soviet government; indeed, construction of a new, permanent two-purpose (combined road-rail) bridge was decreed in 1949, and preparatory work had already started two years earlier. But in 1950 construction was halted and the Kerch Strait ferry line was created instead. From that time, the bridge idea fell into hibernation for decades: while it was proposed to construct such a link in one form or another from time to time, it did not become a reality or even went beyond proposals.
In 2014, some seven decades after the Soviet decision to build a railway bridge, the situation changed. By then the Soviet Union itself had dissolved and Crimea became separated from Russia not only geographically (by the Kerch Strait), but also by an international border, between Russia and the independent state of Ukraine. But in February and March 2014 Russia annexed Crimea and, amidst international non-recognition of the annexation and worsened relations with Ukraine (which at that time was the only state with overland links to Crimea), decided to build twin permanent road and rail bridges across the Kerch Strait. Dubbed the Crimean Bridge by the Russian government, the link became operational for road transport in 2018, opened to passenger trains at the end of 2019, and commenced carrying freight trains in 2020.
Notes
References
Demolished bridges
Former railway bridges
Bridges completed in 1944
Buildings and structures demolished in 1945
Bridge disasters in Russia
Bridge disasters caused by construction error
History of Kuban
Transport in Crimea
Kerch Peninsula
Swing bridges
Truss bridges
Kerch Strait
Cross-sea bridges in Europe
Cross-sea bridges in Asia
1944 establishments in Russia
1945 disestablishments in the Soviet Union
The 2012 Eurocup Final Four was the concluding stage of the 2011–12 Eurocup season, the 10th season of the second-tier basketball league in Europe.
Euroleague Basketball Company announced that the 2011-12 Eurocup season would culminate with the Eurocup Finals in Khimki, Russia, on April 14 and 15. The host Khimki won the Eurocup title, after beating Valencia in the Final. Khimki's Zoran Planinić was named the Final Four MVP.
Bracket
Semifinals
Third place game
Final
References
External links
Official 2012 Final Four Website
Final
2012
2012
2011–12 in Russian basketball
2011–12 in Spanish basketball
2011–12 in Lithuanian basketball
The 2018 Internationaux de France was the sixth event of six in the 2018–19 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating, a senior-level international invitational competition series. It was held at Patinoire Polesud in Grenoble on November 23–25. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Skaters also earned points toward qualifying for the 2018–19 Grand Prix Final.
Entries
The ISU published the preliminary assignments on June 29, 2018.
Changes to preliminary assignments
Records
The following new ISU best scores were set during this competition:
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
References
External links
2018 Internationaux de France at the International Skating Union
Internationaux de France
Internationaux de France
Internationaux de France
Internationaux de France
Sports competitions in Grenoble
{{Infobox settlement
| official_name = South Buru Regency
| native_name = Kabupaten Buru Selatan
| native_name_lang = id
| image_skyline =
| image_alt =
| image_caption =
| type = Regency
| image_shield = Lambang Kabupaten Buru Selatan.png
| shield_alt =
| motto = Lolik Lalen Fedak Fena(Unite Hearts to Build the Nation)
| image_map = Locator map of South Buru Regency in Maluku.png
| map_alt =
| map_caption = Location within Maluku
| coordinates =
| coordinates_footnotes =
| subdivision_type = Country
| subdivision_name = Indonesia
| subdivision_type1 = Province
| subdivision_name1 = Maluku
| seat_type = Capital
| seat = Namrole
| leader_title = Regent
| leader_name = Tagop Sudarsono Soulisa
| leader_title1 = Vice Regent
| leader_name1 = Buce Ayub Seleky
| area_footnotes =
| area_total_km2 = 5060
| elevation_min_m =
| elevation_max_m =
| elevation_m =
| population_as_of = 2020 Census
| population_total = 75410
| population_density_km2 = auto
| population_footnotes =
| timezone1 = IEST
| utc_offset1 = +9
| website =
| footnotes =
| area_code_type = Area code
| area_code = (+62) 913
| pushpin_map = Indonesia_Maluku#Indonesia
| pushpin_map_caption = Location in Maluku and Indonesia
}}
South Buru Regency is a regency of Maluku, Indonesia. It was created on 24 June 2008 by being split off from the existing Buru Regency. It is located on the island of Buru, of which it comprises the southern 40%. The Regency (which includes the smaller island of Ambalau to the southeast of Buru Island) covers an area of 5,060 km2, and it had a population of 53,671 at the 2010 Census, rising to 75,410 at the 2020 Census. The principal town lies at Elfule in Namrole District.
Administrative Districts
At the time of the 2010 Census the regency was divided into five districts (kecamatan), but a sixth district (Fena Fafan) has been added by the splitting of the existing Leksula District. The six districts are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census. The table also includes the location of the district headquarters, the number of administrative villages (rural desa and urban kelurahan'') in each district, and its postal codes.
Notes: (a) including three offshore islands. (b) including fifteen offshore islands. (c) the 2010 population of Fena Fafan District is included with the figure for Leksula District. (d) including four offshore islands. (e) including three offshore islands.
Climate
Namrole, the seat of the regency has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) moderate rainfall from October to March and heavy to very heavy rainfall from April to September. Unlike most parts of Indonesia, the southern part of Buru island experiences a rainfall maximum during the low-sun season due to local wind currents.
References
External links
Regencies of Maluku (province)
The Electoral Commission of South Africa (often referred to as the Independent Electoral Commission or IEC) is South Africa's election management body, an independent organisation established under chapter nine of the Constitution. It conducts elections to the National Assembly, provincial legislatures and municipal councils.
An interim Electoral Commission was created in 1993 to manage the first non-racial election of the national and provincial legislatures, which was held on 26 to 29 April 1994. The permanent Electoral Commission was established on 17 October 1996. The Commission has been chaired by Johann Kriegler (1997–1999), Brigalia Bam (1999–2011), Pansy Tlakula (2011–2014), and Glen Mashinini (2015–present).
History
Interim Independent Electoral Commission
Under the apartheid government, elections in South Africa were administered by the Department of Home Affairs, under the Electoral Act of 1979. Election management was only devolved to an independent body during the transition to non-racial democracy. The Independent Electoral Commission Act of 1993 established an interim body, called the Independent Electoral Commission (a name still frequently attached to the Commission in its current iteration), to manage the first democratic elections, held from 26 to 29 April 1994. It comprised sixteen members, including eleven "respected" South African members who represented "a broad cross-section of the population," and five non-representative members from the international community. In December 1993, President F. W. de Klerk appointed the following South Africans to the Commission:
Johann Kriegler (Chairperson)
Dikgang Moseneke (Vice-Chairperson)
Zak Yacoob
Ben van der Ross
Charles Nupen
Helen Suzman
Oscar Dhlomo
Frank Chikane
Dawn Mokhobo
Johan Heyns
Rosil Jager
The five international members were:
Jørgen Elklit
Gay MacDougall
Amare Tekle
Walter Kamba
Ron Gould
The 1994 elections were widely judged to have been free and fair, despite significant administrative problems and the National Party's threat to challenge their validity in court. The interim Commission was dissolved upon the conclusion of its work in late 1994, having been funded through a special parliamentary allocation for that year alone.
Establishment of permanent Commission
After the 1994 elections, the interim Constitution of 1993 was replaced in May 1996 with the final Constitution. The Independent Electoral Commission Act was, likewise, replaced by the Electoral Commission Act of 1996, which came into force on 17 October 1996 and which established the Electoral Commission in its current, permanent, form, as a chapter nine institution. On 1 February 1999, the inaugural Chairperson of the Commission, Johann Kriegler, resigned, citing various grievances, including the Commission's insufficient budget, a new requirement that voters would have to have bar-coded ID, and a lack of independence due to interference by the Department of Home Affairs. Kriegler was replaced by their deputy, Brigalia Bam, who occupied the position until 2011 and remains the only Chairperson to have served a complete term.
Functions
The Commission's primary functions, as outlined in Section 190(1) of the Constitution, are to manage elections at all levels of government; to ensure that elections are free and fair; and to declare the results of elections in as short a time as possible (within seven days, according to the Electoral Commission Act). It has managed general (national and provincial) elections in 1999, 2004, 2009, 2014 and 2019, and local (municipal) elections in 1995-96, 2000, 2006, 2011, 2016 and 2021, as well as numerous local by-elections.
Other functions of the Commission are outlined in the Electoral Commission Act of 1996, the Electoral Act of 1998, and, most recently, the Political Party Funding Act of 2018 (which repealed the Public Funding of Represented Political Parties Act of 1997). These functions include promoting voter education; registering voters and political parties; reviewing electoral legislation; allocating seats to constituencies and delineating administrative voting areas; and disbursing public funding to, and regulating private funding of, political parties. The Electoral Commission Act also established the Electoral Court to review the Commission's decisions and adjudicate disputes.
Legislation and litigation
Apart from the Constitution, the Electoral Commission Act, the Electoral Act, and the Political Party Funding Act, the IEC is affected by the Local Government: Municipal Electoral Act of 2000 and the Local Government: Municipal Structures Act of 1998. In March 2009, the Constitutional Court ruled that the Commission had to expand the vote to South African citizens living abroad, provided that the citizens had registered to vote while still inside the country, following a challenge to the Electoral Act and related regulations in AParty and Another v The Minister for Home Affairs and Others.
International activities
The Commission has provided technical, managerial, and logistical support to the electoral commissions of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Comoros, and Lesotho. In the South African Parliament's framing, these activities are a result of the Commission's broad interpretation of its statutory obligation to promote democracy through elections.
Composition
The Commission comprises five members, one of whom must be a judge. According to section 6 of the Electoral Commission Act, members must be South African citizens and must not have a high party-political profile. In practice, members are generally drawn from the judiciary, academia, and civil society organisations. The Commission is appointed for a term of seven years, and appointments are made by the President on the recommendation of the National Assembly, following nominations made by a committee of the Assembly. The nominating committee selects from a list of candidates compiled by an independent panel, which is chaired by the President of the Constitutional Court and includes the Public Protector and representatives of the South African Human Rights Commission and Commission on Gender Equality. At their discretion, the President designates two members as Chairperson and Vice-Chairperson. Members may be removed by the President on grounds of misconduct, incapacity or incompetence, following a process initiated in the Electoral Court and supported by a majority of the National Assembly. The operational side of the organisation is headed by the Chief Electoral Officer, who is its accounting officer and reports annually to Parliament through the Portfolio Committee on Home Affairs. The current Chief Electoral Officer is Sy Mamabola.
Current Commissioners
The current commissioners are:
Glen Mashinini (Chairperson)
Janet Love (Vice-Chairperson)
Nomsa Masuku
Mosotho Moepya
Dhaya Pillay
Former Commissioners
In 1997, President Nelson Mandela appointed the first group of Commissioners in the permanent Electoral Commission:
Johann Kriegler (Chairperson)
Brigalia Bam (Vice-Chairperson)
Thoko Mpumlwana
Herbert Vilazaki
Fanie van der Merwe
Other Commissioners have included:
Pansy Tlakula
Terry Tselane
Bongani Finca
Herbert Msimang
Raenette Taljaard
Thami Makanya
Ismail Hussain
Criticism and controversies
Alleged misconduct by Pansy Tlakula
From 2013 to 2014, Pansy Tlakula, while Chairperson of the Commission, was involved in a protracted controversy about their role in the 2009 procurement of the Commission's national offices in Centurion. In 2013, the Public Protector, Thuli Madonsela, found that Tlakula had been guilty of maladministration, had violated procurement regulations, and had failed to disclose a conflict of interest arising from their relationship with Thaba Mufamadi, who was a part-owner of Abland, the property developer behind the R320-million lease. A subsequent report by the National Treasury made similar findings. Shortly before the 2014 elections in May, five political parties – the United Democratic Movement, African Christian Democratic Party, Congress of the People, AgangSA and the Economic Freedom Fighters – launched an application at the Electoral Court to have Tlakula removed from their post. Though the matter was postponed until after the elections, on 18 June the court found against Tlakula, recommending their removal on the basis that their misconduct had undermined the Commission's integrity. In August, the Constitutional Court dismissed their application to appeal the judgement. In terms of the Electoral Commission Act, the judgement represented the first step towards Tlakula's removal from office, and would have been proceeded by parliamentary committee hearings ahead of a vote by the National Assembly on their removal. However, on 2 September 2014, and while continuing to deny any wrongdoing, Tlakula resigned from the Commission. In 2018, Madonsela opposed the appointment of Mosotho Moepya as Commissioner, on the grounds that, while Chief Electoral Officer, they had failed to provide them with crucial information during their 2013 investigation into the lease.
2021 election delays
On 20 May 2021, the Commission appointed Dikgang Moseneke to hold an inquiry into the likelihood that local elections held as scheduled on 27 October 2021, during the COVID-19 pandemic, would be free and fair. Moseneke concluded that it would not be possible to hold free and fair elections on that date under the circumstances, and recommended delaying the elections until 2022. They also recommended that the Commission should consider approaching a court of competent jurisdiction to apply for an order postponing the elections, and, in this regard, the Commission made an urgent application to the Constitutional Court for direct access.
Voter education and turnout
As early as 2007, Parliament criticised the Commission for not being "sufficiently innovative in its approach to voter registration and voter education."
References
External links
Official website
Elections in South Africa
South Africa
Government agencies of South Africa
Chapter nine institutions
Bit Managers, formerly known as New Frontier, was a video game developer based in Barcelona (Spain). It was co-founded by Alberto Jose González, who composed the music for all of their games (except "Bang!"—a coin-operated arcade machine).
History
Founding
The company was founded in 1988 as "New Frontier", initially programming games for ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC and MSX computer systems. The company at first met with only modest success. In 1992, the company changed its name to Bit Managers and began to make games for Nintendo consoles (especially for Game Boy). It focused on creating innovative games based on Franco-Belgian comics such as Asterix, The Smurfs or The Adventures of Tintin for a client company, Infogrames.
In 1997, Bit Managers was chosen by Acclaim Entertainment to develop some game of the Turok series for Game Boy. In 1998, the year of the launch of Game Boy Color, Bit Managers was the first third-party developer to finish two Game Boy Color titles (Turok 2 and Sylvester & Tweety).
Company acquired by third party
That same year, the company was bought by a Spanish arcade video-gaming company, Gaelco. Bit Managers also ported the Gaelco arcade game, Radikal Bikers, to PlayStation shortly afterward.
Original associates
In 2001, the former principals of Bit Managers re-purchased the company. Bit Managers continued their relationship with Infogrames, developing several games for Game Boy Advance.
New business partners
In 2005, the Spanish video game company Virtual Toys, bought Bit Managers. That business relationship continues and Bit Managers is a subsidiary of Virtual Toys Barcelona.
Games
Bang!
Bang! is a wild west shoot 'em up game created for the Gaelco GG-1v machine, and released by Gaelco in 1998. It featured cartoon graphics; single-player and 2-player modes, and offered the use of a light gun and control button inputs.
References
External links
Bit Managers website
Virtual Toys website
Defunct video game companies of Spain
Video game companies established in 1988
Video game companies disestablished in 2005
Video game development companies
Francisca is a 1981 Portuguese drama film based on the novel Fanny Owen by Agustina Bessa-Luís and directed by Manoel de Oliveira. The film was selected as the Portuguese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Cast
Teresa Menezes as Francisca 'Fanny' Owen
Diogo Dória as José Augusto
Mário Barroso as Camilo
See also
List of submissions to the 55th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Portuguese submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
1981 films
1981 drama films
1980s Portuguese-language films
Films based on works by Agustina Bessa-Luís
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
Films produced by Paulo Branco
Portuguese drama films
Shadrach by Meindert DeJong is a children's novel about a small boy and their pet rabbit. The novel, illustrated by Maurice Sendak, was first published in 1953 and was a Newbery Honor recipient in 1954.
Plot summary
The novel is set in the Netherlands. 6-year-old Davie waits a long time for their pet, a black rabbit they call Shadrach. When the rabbit finally comes, every day seems miraculous. But one day Shadrach runs away.
References
1953 American novels
American children's novels
Newbery Honor-winning works
Novels by Meindert DeJong
Books illustrated by Maurice Sendak
Children's novels about animals
Harper & Brothers books
1953 children's books
Akinwale Joseph Odimayo (born 28 November 1999) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Northampton Town.
Career
Odimayo began their career with Reading, turning professional in July 2018, and making their senior debut for the club on 27 August 2019 in the EFL Cup. They moved on loan to Hungerford Town in September 2019, and on loan to Irish club Waterford in February 2020.
After being released by Reading at the end of the 2019–20 season, they signed for Swindon Town in August 2020. On 14 May 2021 it was announced that they had been offered a new contract. Odimayo went on trial with League One club Portsmouth but failed to earn an contract. On 3 August 2021 Odimayo signed a new one-year contract with Swindon Town.
They signed for Northampton Town in July 2022.
Personal life
Born in England, Odimayo is of Nigerian descent.
Career statistics
References
1999 births
Living people
English footballers
English people of Nigerian descent
Association football defenders
Reading F.C. players
Hungerford Town F.C. players
Waterford F.C. players
Swindon Town F.C. players
National League (English football) players
League of Ireland players
English Football League players
Black British sportspeople
Northampton Town F.C. players
Through My Dog's Eyes is the fourth studio album by the Italian avant-garde metal band Ephel Duath. The album's concept was conceived by guitarist and founding member Davide Tiso, in which the whole album is from the viewpoint of a dog. The album's artwork is done by Seldon Hunt, who has done artwork for bands such as Sunn O))), Isis, Neurosis, and Earth. The recording and mixing was handled by Novembre's drummer Giuseppe Orlando.
In the same announcement that proclaimed professional poker player Guillermo Gonzales as the vocalist after Luciano George Lorusso quit the band, they also announced that the song "Breed" was listenable on their Myspace.
Track listing
All music and lyrics by Ephel Duath
"Gift" - 2:27
"Promenade" - 3:33
"Breed" - 3:28
"Silent Door" - 2:48
"Bella Morte" - 2:24
"Nina" - 4:27
"Guardian" - 3:20
"Spider Shaped Leaves" - 4:56
"Bark Loud" - 4:55
Personnel
Luciano George Lorusso - vocals
Davide Tiso - guitar, bass
Marco Minnemann - drums
Credits
Seldon Hunt - Artwork, layout
Giuseppe Orlando - Mixing, guitar and vocal recording
Marco Minnemann - Drum recording
Finnvox Studios - mastering
Riccardo Gamondi - Preproduction
Raffaele Buono (Rough) - Synthesizer on "Nina"
Francesco Fracassi (Fuzzy) - Synthesizer mixing on "Nina"
Lou Chano - Programming on "Nina"
Ben Weinman - Programming on "Bark Loud"
Recording
Preproduction of the album was done at Fiscer-Prais Studio in Alessandria, Italy. The guitars and vocals were recorded and mixed at Outer Sound Studios in Rome beginning in July 2008. The drums were recorded by Marco Minnemann at Homebase Seacoast Studio in California before the rest of the band had even entered the studio.
References
2009 albums
Concept albums
Ephel Duath (band) albums
Earache Records albums
The buff-breasted babbler (Pellorneum tickelli) is a species of bird in the family Pellorneidae. It is found in Bangladesh, Cambodia, China, India, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
References
External links
buff-breasted babbler
Birds of Southeast Asia
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Yunnan
buff-breasted babbler
buff-breasted babbler
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The Arlington Club is a private social club organized in 1867 by 35 business and banking leaders of Portland in the US state of Oregon. First called the Social Club and later renamed the Arlington Club, it offered its all-male members, most of whom were relatively wealthy and powerful, an exclusive place to socialize and discuss their interests.
During its first century, a total of more than 3,300 men were club members at one time or another. Many, in addition to pursuing their livelihoods, were officers in civic, cultural, philanthropic, or social organizations, and some held government posts at the local, state, or federal levels.
For about 100 years, the club excluded Jews and minorities regardless of other criteria, and for 123 years it excluded women. In response to public pressure, it broadened the membership criteria for men by the late 1960s and for women in 1990. , the Arlington Club continues to gather at its building in downtown Portland.
History
In 1867, Simeon Reed and 34 other Portland men organized what they called the Social Club to "fraternize for mutual enjoyment and relaxation, and to provide a meeting place for discussing their own and Portland's destiny". The club, "the social headquarters of Portland's male elite" was dominated through the late 20th century by largely white, mostly Anglo-Saxon men from the city's business and banking leadership. Among the founders were John C. Ainsworth (Ainsworth National Bank), Henry Failing (merchandising, shipping, iron and steel, First National Bank), William S. Ladd (merchandising, transportation, flour milling, Ladd & Tilton Bank), Donald Macleay (merchandising, shipping, United States National Bank), George Weidler (steamships, real estate, lumber), and many others who made a lasting impact on the city.
Paul G. Merriam describes the city's early social elite, including the members of the Social Club, as "primarily business people and their close associates, such as lawyers and editors". The social elite were heads of families who "held property valued at $50,000 or more, and who were officers in one or more civic, cultural, philanthropic, or social organizations." Merriam counts 38 such men in Portland in 1870, 31 of whom at one time or another held local government office and several of whom held state and federal offices. Most were nominal Republicans; some were Democrats, but they crossed party lines depending on issues and personalities.
Although one of the club's goals was to pattern itself after gentlemen's clubs of Europe and older American cities, it also had "civic interests at heart and civic leaders as members...". However, according to Portland historian E. Kimbark MacColl, club members at times equated self-interest with civic interest:
In the 1890s at least, what was good for "them" was usually considered good for "the city". Rarely did the members distinguish between the public interest and their own private interests if actions and words have been reported accurately. It would appear that many of the major decisions affecting Portland's business and political life were actually reached during "informal" discussions held within the club's portals.
Big banks, utilities, railroads, and U.S. Senators from Oregon were well represented within the membership. Generally in the 1890s four or five club members were part of the Oregon Legislature. Three other clubs—the Multnomah Amateur Athletic Club (1891), the Waverly Golf Club (1896), and the University Club (1896)—formed during the 1890s, and memberships often overlapped with the Arlington Club. The Concordia Club, formed in 1878, was the Jewish version of the Arlington Club, which was at the time not open to Jews.
Among the club's self-generated list of notable members between 1867 and 1967 were George H. Williams, appointed Chief Justice of the Territorial Courts of Oregon in 1853, elected to the U.S. Senate in 1864, named United States Attorney General in 1871, and elected mayor of Portland in 1892. Another was Frederick Van Voorhies Holman, general counsel for an electric utility in the early 20th century, patron of the arts, and author of a biography of John McLoughlin. Journalist Harvey W. Scott, a mid-19th-century editor of The Oregonian and author of a six-volume history of Oregon, is on the list as is Lewis A. McArthur, a 20th-century electric utility executive and author of Oregon Geographic Names. University presidents, a bishop, and an Air Force general are among others on the list. Well-known guests of the club have included U.S. presidents William Howard Taft, Rutherford B. Hayes, and Ulysses S. Grant, author Aldous Huxley, heart surgeon Michael E. DeBakey, General George C. Marshall, bridge designer Ralph Modjeski, and many others.
Meeting places, buildings
For its first 14 years, the club members met in dining places, hotels, government chambers, or "any place available". When the club reorganized and renamed itself the Arlington Club in 1881, it had grown to a membership of about 100. At that time, it moved into its first clubhouse, the former J.C. Ainsworth residence at Southwest Third Avenue at Pine Street, which became available when the Ainsworths moved to California. It built its second clubhouse, at West Park Avenue and Alder Street, which it occupied from 1892 to 1910 until moving to the building the club still occupies, on Southwest Salmon Street facing the South Park Blocks. Architects for the latter structure, a four-story, low-rise building of brick and terra cotta in a neo-classical style, were William M. Whidden and Ion Lewis. The Park Blocks just south of the clubhouse are flanked by churches, the Portland Art Museum, the Oregon Historical Society Museum, and Portland State University, as well as other buildings forming part of the city's core. The building was nominated to become a National Register of Historic Places building in April 2010, and was listed on the registry in August of that year.
Membership changes
From the beginning, only business and community leaders were invited to join the club, a total of 3,300 of them during the club's first century, but other exclusions applied as well. Jews and ethnic minorities were kept out of the Arlington Club until the late 1960s after Portland's Jewish leaders including Gus Solomon, a federal judge, criticized the exclusion rules. Change occurred slowly; The Oregonian newspaper reported that in 1989 Jews and ethnic minorities made up less than 3 percent of the Arlington Club membership and that the membership included no African Americans.
In October 1989, citing a federal law banning discrimination on the basis of gender, the Portland City Council, led by Commissioner Earl Blumenauer, passed a unanimous resolution urging the Arlington Club and the University Club, another men-only club, to admit women. At the time, the Arlington Club had about 500 members and did not normally allow women inside its building. During the City Council meeting, five women, representing the Multnomah Bar Association, the Commercial Club of Portland, the Association of Black Lawyers, Oregon Women Lawyers, and the American Civil Liberties Union, testified that the clubs' discrimination barred them from business opportunities afforded to men. Representing the Oregon Eagle Forum, a woman, the only person testifying against the resolution, cited a constitutional right to assemble without government intrusion.
In March 1990, the Arlington Club members voted 320 to 145 to allow women to join the club; 5 members abstained, and others of the 525 members did not vote. Since the ratio of "yes" to "no" votes was 68.8 percent, slightly more than the two-thirds supermajority required to change the club's rules, women, after 123 years of exclusion, were thereafter admitted. The club building was subsequently remodeled to add women's restrooms and a lounge, and women were officially allowed on February 11, 1991. , the Arlington Club still meets at its building on Southwest Salmon Street in downtown Portland.
See also
List of American gentlemen's clubs
Notes
References
Sources
MacColl, E. Kimbark (1979). The Growth of a City: Power and Politics in Portland, Oregon, 1915 to 1950. Portland, Oregon: The Georgian Press. .
MacColl, E. Kimbark; Stein, Harry H. (1988). Merchants, Money, and Power: The Portland Establishment 1843–1913. Portland, Oregon: The Georgian Press. .
MacColl, E. Kimbark. (1976). The Shaping of a City: Business and Politics in Portland, Oregon, 1885 to 1915. Portland, Oregon: The Georgian Press.
Merriam, Paul G. "Urban Elite in the Far West: Portland, Oregon, 1870–1890". Arizona and the West 18.1 (Spring 1976): pp. 41–52.
Montgomery, Richard G., et al. (1983) [1968]. Arlington Club and the Men Who Built It: Centennial Anniversary, updated edition. Portland, Oregon: The Arlington Club. .
External links
Civic organizations in Oregon
Clubs and societies in Oregon
Organizations based in Portland, Oregon
Gentlemen's clubs in the United States
Buildings and structures completed in 1909
National Register of Historic Places in Portland, Oregon
1867 establishments in Oregon
Southwest Portland, Oregon
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Oregon
The Algeria national boxing team represents Algeria at the international boxing competitions such as Olympic Games or World Boxing Championships.
Medal count
Algeria has 12 participations in the Summer Olympic of 27 editions held from 1896 to 2016.
List of medalists at Olympic Games
List of medalists at World Championships
List of medalists at World Combat Games
List of medalists at Mediterranean Games
List of medalists at African Games
List of medalists at African Championships
List of medalists at Afro-Asian Games
List of medalists at Pan Arab Games
See also
Algeria at the Olympics
References
External links
Athletics at Summer Olympics
National team
boxing
Føresvik (sometimes called Bokn) is the administrative centre of Bokn municipality in Rogaland county, Norway. The village is located on the northeastern shore of the island of Vestre Bokn, along the rather narrow Boknasundet strait which separates Vestre Bokn from the island of Austre Bokn. The European route E39 highway runs through the village and the bridge connecting Vestre Bokn to Austre Bokn (and ultimately to the mainland) is also located in Føresvik.
The village is the main urban area for the whole municipality, and it includes the local government offices, school, commercial centre, and Bokn Church. The village has a population (2019) of 276, giving the village a population density of . The village is referred to as the village of Bokn by Statistics Norway.
References
Villages in Rogaland
Bokn
Nikolai Alexandrovich Antropov (; born February 18, 1980) is a Kazakhstani-Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Rangers, Atlanta Thrashers and Winnipeg Jets. They received Canadian citizenship in May 2007. Internationally Antropov played for Kazakhstan at several junior and senior tournaments, including the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Playing career
Antropov was expected to be drafted early in the second round, but following a dominant season with Torpedo Ust-Kamenogorsk in the second-tier of the Russian Superleague (RSL), including an international match against Iceland, in which they scored 11 goals and 26 points, they were drafted tenth overall by the Toronto Maple Leafs in the 1998 NHL Entry Draft. Before going overseas to play hockey in North America, Antropov also played in the RSL with Dynamo Moscow.
When Owen Nolan joined the Maple Leafs in March 2003, Antropov changed their number from #11 (Nolan's number for the San Jose Sharks) to #80, the year of their birth. In 2003–04, Maple Leafs head coach Pat Quinn placed Antropov alongside Joe Nieuwendyk and Alexei Ponikarovsky dubbed the "Skyline" due to the players' height.
During the 2004–05 NHL lockout, Antropov returned to the RSL and played 36 games split between Ak Bars Kazan and Lokomotiv Yaroslavl. However, injuries felled the power forward, and they missed significant time during the 2005–06 season. Antropov managed to produce 12 goals and 19 assists for 31 points in 57 games.
Upon Antropov's return from injury, they added 15 points in the final 10 regular season games of the 2005–06 season. They finished third on the team in even strength scoring and also led the Leafs in plus-minus with a +13 rating. In 2006–07, Antropov typically played alongside team captain Mats Sundin and Ponikarovsky on Toronto's top line. On June 6, 2007, the Maple Leafs announced they had signed Antropov to a two-year contract extension. During a game against the New York Rangers on December 6, 2007, Antropov scored their second career hat-trick and was named the game's first star. In December 2007, a campaign was launched to encourage fans to vote Antropov as a write-in candidate for the 2007 NHL All-Star Game held in Atlanta.
On February 9, 2008, Antropov set a new career-high in goals with 19 when they scored in overtime to give the Maple Leafs a 3–2 win, tipping in an Anton Strålman slapshot; they finished the season with 26 goals. On March 4, 2009, Antropov was traded to the New York Rangers in exchange for a second-round draft pick and conditional draft pick.
On July 2, 2009, Antropov signed a four-year, $16.25 million deals with the Atlanta Thrashers as a free agent. They were expected to make $3.5 million the first year, $3.75 million the second, $4.25 million the third and $4.75 million for the final year of the deal for an average cap hit of $4.0625 million per year. Antropov's first year with the Thrashers was their most successful, scoring 24 goals and 43 assists. Following the team's relocation to Winnipeg in the summer of 2011, Antropov had scored the first goal of the new Winnipeg Jets on October 9, 2011, against the Montreal Canadiens.
On August 8, 2013, Antropov signed a two-year contract with Barys Astana of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL), where they played during 2012–13 NHL lockout. At the conclusion of their two-year tenure with Barys, Antropov retired from professional hockey and returned to Canada.
International play
Internationally, Antropov represented Kazakhstan in the 1998 IIHF World Championship, the 1999 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships (scoring eight points in six games) and in the 2006 Winter Olympics, where they scored one goal. Antropov captained the Kazakhstani squad on both occasions. They and Colorado Avalanche goaltender Vitali Kolesnik were the lone NHL players on the team.
Personal life
During their tenure with the Leafs, Antropov became a Canadian citizen. They received Canadian citizenship in May 2007.
Antropov and their wife have three children. Antropov's oldest son, Danil was a forward for the Saginaw Spirit of the Ontario Hockey League during the 2019-20 season.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Ak Bars Kazan players
Atlanta Thrashers players
Asian Games gold medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games medalists in ice hockey
Barys Nur-Sultan players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Russia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey centres
Canadian people of Russian descent
HC Dynamo Moscow players
Ice hockey players at the 1999 Asian Winter Games
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Kazakhstani emigrants to Canada
Kazakhstani ice hockey players
Kazakhstani people of Russian descent
Kazakhstani expatriates in the United States
Kazzinc-Torpedo players
Lokomotiv Yaroslavl players
Medalists at the 1999 Asian Winter Games
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Naturalized citizens of Canada
New York Rangers players
Olympic ice hockey players of Kazakhstan
Sportspeople from Oskemen
St. John's Maple Leafs players
Toronto Maple Leafs draft picks
Toronto Maple Leafs players
Winnipeg Jets players
The Hong Kong section of the Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong Express Rail Link (sometimes abbreviated "XRL HK section") is a 26-km long stretch of high-speed rail that links Hong Kong to mainland China. It is one of the most expensive infrastructure undertakings in Hong Kong's history. The line connects Kowloon with the high-speed rail network of China at Futian station in Shenzhen, then running north towards the commercial hub of Guangzhou.
The railway is the first high-speed rail link between mainland China and Hong Kong; it roughly halved travel time between Hong Kong and Guangzhou and connected Hong Kong to most major mainland Chinese cities via the country's extensive high-speed railway network. Construction began in 2011 and was hampered by construction delays and political controversy. It opened for commercial service on 23 September 2018.
Unlike the rest of Hong Kong, the passenger compartments of trains operating on the Hong Kong Express Rail Link are legally defined as part of the Mainland Port Area and subject to the laws of mainland China.
History
In April 2007, the Executive Council assigned the task of planning and design of the Hong Kong section of the Guangzhou–Shenzhen–Hong Kong Express Rail Link (XRL) to the MTR Corporation Limited (MTRCL). Government projections indicate that the XRL will carry about 100,000 passengers daily in 2020 and 120,000 passengers in 2030, generating an economic benefit of HK$83 billion over the next 50 years in terms of travelling time saved. Construction costs were estimated at HK$39.5 billion (US$5 billion), giving an economic internal rate of return of about 9%. The government stated the objectives were to "reinforce Hong Kong's position as the transport hub in southern China and integrate Hong Kong into Mainland China's rapidly growing express rail network", and promoting cultural tourism. It also argued that shortening the travelling time between Hong Kong and Guangzhou to just under 50 minuteshalf the current journey time would save "HK$83 billion over the next 50 years in terms of travelling time", and the creation of 5,000 jobs during construction, and 10,000 operational jobs.
Development
The construction cost in Hong Kong was covered by the Hong Kong taxpayer (whereas the construction cost in the Mainland section will be covered by the Guangdong Provincial Government and PRC's Ministry of Railways).
Hoping to be able to start construction of the Hong Kong section of the Express Rail Link (XRL) project before the end of 2009, the Executive Council approved the implementation on 20 October, paving the way for funding approval from the Finance Committee of the Legislative Council.
Appropriations for the project secured approval of the Hong Kong Legislative Council on 16 January 2010.
Service
The XRL HK Section will only serve the West Kowloon Terminus. Trains will run to Guangzhou South Station in the Shibi Township of the Panyu District in southern Guangzhou through three intermediate stations, namely, Futian, Longhua (Shenzhen North) and Humen. The expected travel time between Guangzhou South and West Kowloon stations is estimated to be 1 hour and 18 minutes, up from the previously announced 47 minutes with a total distance of 142 kilometers.
Shenzhen North station was opened on 22 June 2011 and the service was extended to Futian station on 30 December 2015.
Trains departing from Hong Kong may have destinations beyond Guangzhou, through the Wuguang High-Speed Railway and the Shiwu High-Speed Railway, or via Shenzhen North to Hangzhou and Shanghai through the Xiashen Railway and the Huhangyong Railway.
The total distance of the Hong Kong section was planned to be 26 kilometres, most of which through tunnels. The dedicated track will enable a top speed of 200 km/h; the expected travel time from Kowloon to Shenzhen's Futian station is 14 minutes.
Service between Guangzhou South and Shenzhen North stations started on 26 December 2011. The extension to Futian station, originally scheduled for 2012, was delayed until on 30 December 2015 for Futian and the 3rd quarter of 2018 during the planning process for West Kowloon Terminus.
Controversies
The completion of the XRL HK section had been delayed on multiple occasions and continuously ran over budget, attracting criticisms from many Hong Kong protestors. Being part of the Chinese Rail Link network, with the start of commercial operations in the Hong Kong section, the Chinese authorities have created checkpoints both on the trains to Hong Kong and at the Hong Kong West Kowloon railway station, in a "Mainland Port Area" where Chinese criminal laws can be legally enforced for the first time in Hong Kong territory, as part of the bill passed in June 2018.
Protests
On 29 November 2009, a demonstration of more than 1,000 people protesting against the construction of the Express Rail link gained the attention of the local media when a group of 100 people engaged in a sit-in protest in front of the government headquarters in Central. On 18 December 2009, when the funding application was debated in the Finance Committee of the Legislative Council, a demonstration of an estimated 1,000 to 2,000 people was staged around the Legislative Council Building. The debate did not end at the time when the meeting was scheduled to be ended, and the funding application was not yet voted on. A major protest followed in January 2010.
See also
Guangzhou–Kowloon through train
East Rail line
Kowloon–Canton Railway
References
External links
MTR High Speed Rail
MTR Express Rail Link project details / construction
High-speed railway lines
Railway tunnels in Hong Kong
Standard gauge railways in Hong Kong
The 1958 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships were held in Prague, Czechoslovakia. This event was held under the auspices of the International Canoe Federation.
The men's competition consisted of four Canadian (single paddle, open boat) and nine kayak events. Two events were held for the women, both in kayak. This was the fifth championships in canoe sprint.
The Soviet Union won their first medals at these championships.
Medal summary
Man 's
Canoe
Kayak
Woman 's
Kayak
Medals table
References
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships - Part 1: flatwater (now sprint): 1936-2007.
ICF medalists for Olympic and World Championships - Part 2: rest of flatwater (now sprint) and remaining canoeing disciplines: 1936-2007.
Results at Canoeresults.eu
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships, 1958
Icf Canoe Sprint World Championships, 1958
ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships
International sports competitions hosted by Czechoslovakia
Canoeing in Czechoslovakia
The Tanzania Hockey Association, also known as Twende Hockey Foundation, is the governing body of field hockey in Tanzania. It is affiliated to IHF International Hockey Federation and AHF African Hockey Federation.
History
Tanzania men's hockey played in the 1980 Summer Olympics at Moscow. They played five round-robin matches and lost all of them.
Since 2012 the Nation has really embraced the sport, This mostly being because of highly motivated and determined band of coaches and staff Alongside the Driving force of Tanzanian Hockey the Italian Valentina Quaranta.
In 2015, Tanzania sent men's and women's hockey teams for All African Olympic Qualifiers for 2016 Rio.
See also
African Hockey Federation
References
External links
Official Website
Tanzania-FIH
Tanzania Hockey-FB
Tanzania
Hockey
Field hockey in Tanzania
The 2008 Eastern Michigan Eagles football team represented Eastern Michigan University during the 2008 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Eastern Michigan competed as a member of the Mid-American Conference. The team was led by head coach Jeff Genyk, who was released at the end of the season. They were replaced by Ron English.
2008 started with a bang in a 52-0 defeat of Indiana State. For longtime fans, this was repayment for an embarrassing loss to ISU in 2001. Despite the strong start, Eastern lost 4 straight after the opener, and was never close in any of them. Then they pulled off a road upset of Bowling Green, who had beaten BCS member Pittsburgh earlier in the year. But after that, they had two close losses by three at West Point to Army, and by seven at home to Akron.
After a loss to Temple on November 22, 2008, Eastern Michigan fired coach Jeff Genyk, but would allow them to coach the Eagle's final game of the season against rival Central Michigan. Many games lost by 7 points or fewer was one of the reasons given for firing Genyk. Eastern won that game, however, 56-52. Two national records were set against CMU as QB Andy Schmitt had 58 completions and Tyler Jones tied a record by catching 23 passes. With Eastern Michigan's win over Central Michigan, all three schools split the series, and Eastern retained the Michigan MAC Trophy on the tie. Schmitt finished 58/80 for 516 yards (school record), threw 5 TDs, and ran for one more. Most of these records were reset from just the week prior against Temple. In that game, Schmitt finished 50/76 for 485 yards, but Eastern was outscored by three. Their 76 passes in a game without an interception set an NCAA record. They were only intercepted once against Central with 80 passes.
Schmitt's return as a 5th year senior in 2009 was a point of optimism for fans. For those two games they were 108/156 for 1001 yards and 1 interception. Perhaps the 2009 season would have been much different (instead of 0-12) if Schmitt had not gone down with a career-ending knee injury early in that season.
Schedule
Game summaries
Indiana State
Michigan State
Toledo
Maryland
Northern Illinois
Bowling Green
Army
Akron
Ball State
Western Michigan
Temple
Central Michigan
References
Eastern Michigan
Eastern Michigan Eagles football seasons
Eastern Michigan Eagles football
Walter Houser Brattain (; February 10, 1902 – October 13, 1987) was an American physicist at Bell Labs who, along with fellow scientists John Bardeen and William Shockley, invented the point-contact transistor in December 1947. They shared the 1956 Nobel Prize in Physics for their invention. Brattain devoted much of their life to research on surface states.
Walter was an active member of Walla Walla Country Club in the 1970s until their death in 1987
Biography
Walter Brattain was born in Amoy (now Xiamen), Fujian, Qing China, to American parents Ross R. Brattain and Ottilie Houser Brattain. Ross R. Brattain was a teacher at the Ting-Wen Institute, a private school for Chinese boys; Ottilie Houser Brattain was a gifted mathematician. Both were graduates of Whitman College. Ottilie and baby Walter returned to the United States in 1903, and Ross followed shortly afterward. The family lived for several years in Spokane, Washington, then settled on a cattle ranch near Tonasket, Washington in 1911.
Brattain attended high school in Washington, spending one year at Queen Anne High School in Seattle, two years at Tonasket High School, and one year at Moran School for Boys on Bainbridge Island. Brattain then attended Whitman College in Walla Walla, Washington, where they studied with Benjamin H. Brown (physics) and Walter A. Bratton (mathematics). They earned a bachelor's degree from Whitman in 1924, with a double major in physics and mathematics. Brattain and their classmates Walker Bleakney, Vladimir Rojansky and E. John Workman would all go on to have distinguished careers, later becoming known as "the four horsemen of physics". Brattain's brother Robert, who followed them at Whitman College, also became a physicist.
Brattain earned a Master of Arts from the University of Oregon in Eugene in 1926, and a Ph.D. from the University of Minnesota in 1929. At Minnesota, Brattain had the opportunity to study the new field of quantum mechanics under John Hasbrouck Van Vleck. Their thesis, supervised by John T. Tate, was Efficiency of Excitation by Electron Impact and Anomalous Scattering in Mercury Vapor.
Walter Brattain married twice. Their first wife was chemist Keren Gilmore. They were married in 1935 and had a son, William G. Brattain, in 1943. Keren Gilmore Brattain died on April 10, 1957. The following year, Brattain married Mrs. Emma Jane (Kirsch) Miller, a mother of three children.
They moved to Seattle in the 1970s and lived there until their death from Alzheimer's disease on October 13, 1987.  They are buried at City Cemetery in Pomeroy, Washington.
Scientific work
From 1927 to 1928 Brattain worked for the National Bureau of Standards in Washington, D.C., where they helped to develop piezoelectric frequency standards. In August 1929 they joined Joseph A. Becker at Bell Telephone Laboratories as a research physicist. The two men worked on the heat-induced flow of charge carriers in copper oxide rectifiers. Brattain was able to attend a lecture by Arnold Sommerfeld. Some of their subsequent experiments on thermionic emission provided experimental validation for the Sommerfeld theory. They also did work on the surface state and work function of tungsten and the adsorption of thorium atoms. Through their studies of rectification and photo-effects on the semiconductor surfaces of cuprous oxide and silicon, Brattain discovered the photo-effect at the free surface of a semiconductor. This work was considered by the Nobel prize committee to be one of their chief contributions to solid state physics.
At the time, the telephone industry was heavily dependent on the use of vacuum tubes to control electron flow and amplify current. Vacuum tubes were neither reliable nor efficient, and Bell Laboratories wanted to develop an alternative technology. As early as the 1930s Brattain worked with William B. Shockley on the idea of a semiconductor amplifier that used copper oxide, an early and unsuccessful attempt at creating a field effect transistor. Other researchers at Bell and elsewhere were also experimenting with semiconductors, using materials such as germanium and silicon, but the pre-war research effort was somewhat haphazard and lacked strong theoretical grounding.
During World War II, both Brattain and Shockley were separately involved in research on magnetic detection of submarines with the National Defense Research Committee at Columbia University. Brattain's group developed magnetometers sensitive enough to detect anomalies in the earth's magnetic field caused by submarines. As a result of this work, in 1944, Brattain patented a design for a magnetometer head.
In 1945, Bell Labs reorganized and created a group specifically to do fundamental research in solid state physics, relating to communications technologies. Creation of the sub-department was authorized by the vice-president for research, Mervin Kelly. An interdisciplinary group, it was co-led by Shockley and Stanley O. Morgan. The new group was soon joined by John Bardeen. Bardeen was a close friend of Brattain's brother Robert, who had introduced John and Walter in the 1930s. They often played bridge and golf together. Bardeen was a quantum physicist, Brattain a gifted experimenter in materials science, and Shockley, the leader of their team, was an expert in solid-state physics.
According to theories of the time, Shockley's field effect transistor, a cylinder coated thinly with silicon and mounted close to a metal plate, should have worked. They ordered Brattain and Bardeen to find out why it wouldn't. During November and December the two men carried out a variety of experiments, attempting to determine why Shockley's device wouldn't amplify. Bardeen was a brilliant theorist; Brattain, equally importantly, "had an intuitive feel for what you could do in semiconductors". Bardeen theorized that the failure to conduct might be the result of local variations in the surface state which trapped the charge carriers. Brattain and Bardeen eventually managed to create a small level of amplification by pushing a gold metal point into the silicon, and surrounding it with distilled water. Replacing silicon with germanium enhanced the amplification, but only for low frequency currents.
On December 16, Brattain devised a method of placing two gold leaf contacts close together on a germanium surface. Brattain reported: "Using this double point contact, contact was made to a germanium surface that had been anodized to 90 volts, electrolyte washed off in H2O and then had some gold spots evaporated on it. The gold contacts were pressed down on the bare surface. Both gold contacts to the surface rectified nicely... One point was used as a grid and the other point as a plate. The bias (D.C.) on the grid had to be positive to get amplification"
As described by Bardeen, "The initial experiments with the gold spot suggested immediately that holes were being introduced into the germanium block, increasing the concentration of holes near the surface. The names emitter and collector were chosen to describe this phenomenon. The only question was how the charge of the added holes was compensated. Our first thought was that the charge was compensated by surface states. Shockley later suggested that the charge was compensated by electrons in the bulk and suggested the junction transistor geometry... Later experiments carried out by Brattain and me showed that very likely both occur in the point-contact transistor."
On December 23, 1947, Walter Brattain, John Bardeen, and William B. Shockley demonstrated the first working transistor to their colleagues at Bell Laboratories. Amplifying small electrical signals and supporting the processing of digital information, the transistor is "the key enabler of modern electronics". The three men received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1956 "for research on semiconductors and the discovery of the transistor effect."
Convinced by the 1947 demonstration that a major breakthrough was being made, Bell Laboratories focused intensively on what it now called the Surface States Project. Initially, strict secrecy was observed. Carefully restricted internal conferences within Bell Labs shared information about the work of Brattain, Bardeen, Shockley and others who were engaged in related research. Patents were registered, recording the invention of the point-contact transistor by Bardeen and Brattain. There was considerable anxiety over whether Ralph Bray and Seymour Benzer, studying resistance in germanium at Purdue University, might make a similar discovery and publish before Bell Laboratories.
On June 30, 1948, Bell Laboratories held a press conference to publicly announce their discovery. They also adopted an open policy in which new knowledge was freely shared with other institutions. By doing so, they avoided classification of the work as a military secret, and made possible widespread research and development of transistor technology. Bell Laboratories organized several symposia, open to university, industry and military participants, which were attended by hundreds of scientists in September 1951, April 1952, and 1956. Representatives from international as well as domestic companies attended.
Shockley believed (and stated) that they should have received all the credit for the discovery of the transistor. They actively excluded Bardeen and Brattain from new areas of research, in particular the junction transistor, which Shockley patented. Shockley's theory of the junction transistor was an "impressive achievement", pointing the way to future solid-state electronics, but it would be several years before its construction would become practically possible.
Brattain transferred to another research group within Bell Laboratories, working with C. G. B. Garrett, and P. J. Boddy. They continued to study the surface properties of solids and the "transistor effect", so as to better understand the various factors underlying semiconductor behavior. Describing it as "an intolerable situation", Bardeen left Bell Laboratories in 1951 to go to the University of Illinois, where they eventually won a second Nobel Prize for their theory of superconductivity. Shockley left Bell Laboratories in 1953 and went on to form the Shockley Semiconductor Laboratory at Beckman Instruments.
In 1956, the three men were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics by King Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden "for research on semiconductors and the discovery of the transistor effect." Bardeen and Brattain were included for the discovery of the point-contact transistor; Shockley for the development of the junction transistor. Walter Brattain is credited as having said, when told of the award, "I certainly appreciate the honor. It is a great satisfaction to have done something in life and to have been recognized for it in this way. However, much of my good fortune comes from being in the right place, at the right time, and having the right sort of people to work with." Each of the three gave a lecture. Brattain spoke on Surface Properties of Semiconductors, Bardeen on Semiconductor Research Leading to the Point Contact Transistor, and Shockley on Transistor Technology Evokes New Physics.
Brattain later collaborated with P. J. Boddy and P. N. Sawyer on several papers on electrochemical processes in living matter. They became interested in blood clotting after their son required heart surgery. They also collaborated with Whitman chemistry professor David Frasco, using phospholipid bilayers as a model to study the surface of living cells and their absorption processes.
Teaching
Brattain taught at Harvard University as a visiting lecturer in 1952 and at Whitman College as a visiting lecturer in 1962 and 1963, and a visiting professor beginning in 1963. Upon formally retiring from Bell Laboratories in 1967, they continued to teach at Whitman, becoming an adjunct professor in 1972. They retired from teaching in 1976 but continued to be a consultant at Whitman.
At Whitman, the Walter Brattain Scholarships are awarded on a merit basis to "entering students who have achieved high academic excellence in their college preparatory work." All applicants for admission are considered for the scholarship, which is potentially renewable for four years.
Awards and honors
Walter Brattain has been widely recognized for their contributions.
Awards
Stuart Ballantine Medal of the Franklin Institute, 1952 (jointly with Dr. John Bardeen)
John Scott Medal, 1954 (jointly with Dr. John Bardeen)
Nobel Prize in Physics, 1956 (jointly with Dr. John Bardeen and Dr. William B. Shockley)
Inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame, 1974
Memberships
National Academy of Sciences
Franklin Institute
American Physical Society
American Academy of Arts and Sciences
American Association for the Advancement of Science.
commission on semiconductors of the International Union of Pure and Applied Physics
Naval Research Advisory Committee
Honorary degrees
Doctor of Science, Portland University, 1952
Whitman College, 1955
Union College, 1955 (jointly with Dr. John Bardeen)
University of Minnesota, 1957
Other recognition
U.S.S. Brattain, Star Trek: The Next Generation, "Night Terrors"
References
External links
Walter Brattain family papers at the Whitman College and Northwest Archives, Whitman College.
Oral history interview transcript with Walter Brattain on June 1964, American Institute of Physics, Niels Bohr Library & Archives - Session I
Oral history interview transcript with Walter Brattain on 28 May 1974, American Institute of Physics, Niels Bohr Library & Archives - Session II
including the Nobel Lecture, December 11, 1956 Surface Properties of Semiconductors
1902 births
1987 deaths
20th-century American physicists
20th-century American inventors
American Nobel laureates
Experimental physicists
Nobel laureates in Physics
People from Springfield, Oregon
People from Summit, New Jersey
Quantum physicists
Scientists at Bell Labs
Semiconductor physicists
Whitman College alumni
University of Minnesota College of Science and Engineering alumni
University of Oregon alumni
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Neurological disease deaths in Washington (state)
People from Xiamen
American expatriates in China
SN 1961i was a supernova that was discovered in June 1961 in the Messier 61 (NGC 4303) galaxy, by Milton L. Humason at the Palomar Observatory, the brightest of 16 supernovae found at Palomar that year. Although it was originally considered by Fritz Zwicky to be the prototype of a type III supernova, subsequent researchers have classified it as a type II supernova.
References
External links
Spectra on the Open Supernova Catalog
SN 1961I
Supernovae
Virgo (constellation)
19610603
Federal Science and Technical College, Kuta is a federal government own technical and science secondary school in Shiroro, Niger State.
It was established Federal alongside nine other federal unity schools by the Federal Government of Nigeria in 1988 as part of scientific and technological growth in Nigeria, it began operating in 1991 having change to its present name in 2002.
Notes
1988 establishments in Nigeria
Secondary schools in Nigeria
Educational institutions established in 1988
Government schools in Nigeria
External links
FSTC kuta website
These are the Official Charts Company's UK Independent Albums Chart number ones of 2021.
Chart history
See also
List of UK Rock & Metal Albums Chart number ones of 2021
List of UK Album Downloads Chart number ones of 2021
List of UK Dance Albums Chart number ones of 2021
List of UK R&B Albums Chart number ones of 2021
List of UK Independent Singles Chart number ones of 2021
References
External links
Independent Albums Top 40 at the Official Charts Company
UK Top 40 Indie Album Chart at BBC Radio 1
2021 in British music
United Kingdom Indie Albums
2021
Batrachorhina flavoplagiata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Stephan von Breuning in 1938. It is known from Madagascar.
References
Batrachorhina
Beetles described in 1938
Elliot Justham (born 18 July 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Dagenham & Redbridge.
Career
Early career
Born in Dagenham, Greater London, Justham played for semi-professional clubs Waltham Forest, Leyton, Redbridge, Brentwood Town and East Thurrock United between 2008 and 2013, alongside working night shifts on the London Underground. Their potential was spotted by clubs higher up the footballing pyramid and they went on trial at both Reading and West Ham United.
Luton Town
On 13 May 2013, Justham was signed by Conference Premier club Luton Town on a two-year contract. They spent their first season as Luton's goalkeeper in cup competitions, playing twice in the FA Cup, five times in the FA Trophy and three times in the Bedfordshire Senior Cup including a 2–1 defeat to Biggleswade Town in the final, without making a league appearance. An injury to regular goalkeeper Mark Tyler resulted in Justham playing the final 15 matches of 2014–15. They kept five clean sheets and their performances saw reported interest from League One clubs Bradford City and Gillingham. Justham signed a two-year contract extension with Luton on 23 April 2015.
Justham made their first appearance of 2015–16 in the starting lineup away to Accrington Stanley on the opening day of the season, which finished as a 1–1 draw. They made their first league appearance since August after a back injury to Mark Tyler saw them introduced as an eighth-minute substitute at home to Cambridge United on 16 January 2016, which finished as a 0–0 draw in Nathan Jones' first match as manager. Justham had a prolonged run in the first-team as a result of Tyler's injury, making six successive appearances, until Tyler returned to the team for a 2–1 win at home to Hartlepool United on 20 February. Following Tyler's departure from Luton, manager Jones opted to sign Jonathan Mitchell on loan until the end of the season, which resulted in Justham remaining second-choice goalkeeper. After Derby recalled Mitchell from their loan, Justham played in the final seven matches and finished the season with 17 appearances. They were released by mutual consent after the end of the season despite having one year remaining on their contract.
Dagenham & Redbridge
Justham signed a two-year contract with newly relegated National League club Dagenham & Redbridge on 31 May 2016. They debuted on the opening day of 2016–17 in a 3–0 win at home to Southport. They signed a new two-year contract with the club in May 2019.
Career statistics
Honours
Luton Town
Conference Premier: 2013–14
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Footballers from Dagenham
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Hornchurch F.C. players
Waltham Forest F.C. players
Leyton F.C. players
Redbridge F.C. players
Brentwood Town F.C. players
East Thurrock United F.C. players
Luton Town F.C. players
Dagenham & Redbridge F.C. players
Isthmian League players
National League (English football) players
English Football League players
Technicolor Fabrics is a Mexican indie rock band founded in April 2007 in Guadalajara, Jalisco. It was originally formed by Juan Pablo Coruera (vocalist/guitar), Abraham Lopez (drums), Raul Cabrera (guitar/bass/synth), and Joaquin Martinez (bass/guitar); but in 2009 Dan Salazar (keyboard) joined them.
Since this band was founded, it has participated in concerts supporting bands such as The Whitest Boy Alive, Phoenix, Passion Pit and Capital Cities.
History
Shortly after the band was founded, in 2008, the band participated as opening band for The Whitest Boy Alive, and thanks to this they gained the acceptance of the local media. Some months later they recorded their first demo, which became their first album Run… The sun is burning all your hopes, and it was produced by the musician Jorge Siddhartha Gonzalez.
The next year they met Dan Salazar while they were working on their project PONYREX, and they participated with Technicolor Fabrics as opening band for Phoenix, The Whitest Boy Alive and Passion Pit. Immediately, the musician joined the band and they became a fundamental part of the creation of the songs on their second album Ideas, published in 2011.
In 2014, they participated in the music festival Vive Latino and in 2015 they published their album Bahia Santiago, which again was produced by Jorge Siddhartha, along with the Argentine Camilo Frodeival. "Avientame" is the first single from the album, whose video was filmed in Mexico City. "Fuma" is another single from this album; this song is a collaboration of Technicolor Fabrics and Siddhartha. Its video received 23,000+ views in less than 24 hours.
Discography
Albums
2008: Run... The Sun Is Burning All Your Hopes
2011: Ideas
2015: Bahia Santiago
2019: Presente
References
Mexican rock music groups
Musical groups from Guadalajara, Jalisco
Pierce County is a county located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 18,758. The county seat is Blackshear.
Pierce County is part of the Waycross, GA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Pierce County is named for Franklin Pierce, fourteenth President of the United States. It was created December 18, 1857, from Appling and Ware counties.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (7.8%) is water.
The northeastern third of Pierce County, bordered by a line from just west of Mershon to just south of Bristol, then south to just north of Blackshear, and then heading due east, is located in the Little Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys River-Satilla River basin. The southern two-thirds of the county is located in the Satilla River sub-basin of the St. Marys-Satilla River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 84
State Route 15
State Route 32
State Route 38
State Route 121
State Route 203
Adjacent counties
Appling County - north
Wayne County - northeast
Brantley County - southeast
Ware County - west
Bacon County - northwest
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 15,636 people, 5,958 households, and 4,438 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 6,719 housing units at an average density of 20 per square mile (8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 86.90% White, 10.91% Black or African American, 0.26% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.97% from other races, and 0.73% from two or more races. 2.28% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
As of the census of 2000, the largest ancestry groups were:
71.14% of people in Pierce County were of English descent, 11.37% were of Scots-Irish descent and 10.91% were of African descent.
There were 5,958 households, out of which 34.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.00% were married couples living together, 11.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.50% were non-families. 23.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.06.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.70% under the age of 18, 8.50% from 18 to 24, 28.10% from 25 to 44, 24.50% from 45 to 64, and 12.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,895, and the median income for a family was $35,903. Males had a median income of $28,331 versus $19,771 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,230. About 14.40% of families and 18.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.50% of those under age 18 and 22.40% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 18,758 people, 7,083 households, and 5,268 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 7,986 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 86.9% white, 8.9% black or African American, 0.4% American Indian, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 2.1% from other races, and 1.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.7% of the population.
Of the 7,083 households, 37.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were married couples living together, 13.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 25.6% were non-families, and 21.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.05. The median age was 38.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,062 and the median income for a family was $47,157. Males had a median income of $38,770 versus $26,510 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,283. About 13.6% of families and 15.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 20.3% of those under age 18 and 14.9% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 19,716 people, 7,048 households, and 5,319 families residing in the county.
Media
The Blackshear Times (weekly newspaper)
The Pierce County Press (weekly newspaper)
Waycross Journal-Herald (daily newspaper)
WKUB 105.1FM (Country radio)
WWUF 97.7FM (Oldies radio)
WSFN AM 1350 (Sports radio)
WAYX AM 1230 (News Talk radio)
Communities
Cities
Blackshear
Offerman
Patterson
Unincorporated communities
Bristol
Mershon
Otter Creek
Walkerville
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pierce County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1857 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Waycross, Georgia micropolitan area
Populated places established in 1857
Joan Givner (born in Manchester, England) is an essayist, biographer, and novelist, known for their biographies of women, short stories, and the Ellen Fremendon series of novels for younger readers that was finalist for the Silver Birch Awards, the 2006 Hackmatack Children's Choice Book Award for Ellen Fremedon, and the Diamond Willow Awards.
Biography
Following a grammar school education, in 1958 Joan obtained a BA (Hons.) from the University of London, and an MA from Washington University, in 1963.and after a period of teaching in the US, their Ph.D in London in 1972, and joined the English Department of the University of Saskatchewan, Regina Campus, which in 1974 became the autonomous University of Regina, and where they were appointed Professor of English in 1981. They remained on the faculty until they retired in 1995 to settle in British Columbia and take up full-time writing.
In 1978-1979 Givner was Fellow of the Bunting Institute, Radcliffe College, Harvard University. Givner was editor of the Wascana Review the literary journal of the University of Regina from 1984 to 1992, is a jury member for several literary prizes, and a contributor to the Literary Review of Canada. In 1989 and 1990 they were a Member of the Social Sciences & Humanities Research Council adjudication committee, and in 1991, Chair of the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council adjudication committee. In 1992 Givner won the CBC fiction competition.
In 1958 they married David Givner and has two children.
Television
Katherine Anne Porter: The Eye of Memory (USA 1986) directed by Ken Harrison, produced by KERA Dallas, and starring Dina Chandel, Eleanor Clark, and Joan Givner as herself.
Publications (selection)
Katherine Anne Porter: A Life (1982, revised 1991), biography commissioned by Katherine Anne Porter, University of Georgia Press,
Tentacles of Unreason (1985), collection of short fiction
Katherine Anne Porter: Conversations (1987), collection of interviews with writer Katherine Anne Porter, University Press of Mississippi,
Mazo De La Roche: The Hidden Life (1989), study of the life and work of writer Mazo De La Roche
Unfortunate Incidents (1988, 2000), biography of Rachel de la Warr, Oberon Press,
Scenes from Provincial Life (1991), Oberon Press,
The Self-Portrait of a Literary Biographer (1993), autobiography, University of Georgia Press,
In the Garden of Henry James (1996), short fiction, Oberon Press,
Thirty-Four Ways of Looking at Jane Eyre (1998), short stories and essays, New Star Books,
Half Known Lives (2001), novel, New Star Books,
Playing Sarah Bernhardt (2004), novel, Dundurn Press,
Ellen Fremedon (2004), children's novel, Groundwood Books,
Ellen Fremedon: Journalist (2005), children's novel, Groundwood Books,
Ellen Fremedon, Volunteer (2007), children's novel, Groundwood Books,
Ellen's Book of Life (2010), children's novel, Groundwood Books,
A Girl Called Tennyson (2011), young adult fantasy novel, Thistledown Press,
The Hills Are Shadows (2014), sequel to A Girl Called Tennyson, Thistledown Press,
Plays
Mazo and Caroline (1992)
References
Further reading
A Room of One's Own, Gheorghe, Cristina (ed.) (1992), on the works of Givner.
External links
Givner web site
The Mr. and Mrs. William R. Wilkins papers at the University of Mayland Libraries contain correspondence from Joan Givner.
1936 births
Living people
University of Saskatchewan faculty
British women novelists
20th-century British novelists
21st-century British novelists
British short story writers
British women short story writers
British essayists
British biographers
British autobiographers
British children's writers
British writers of young adult literature
British women essayists
Women biographers
Women autobiographers
British women children's writers
Women writers of young adult literature
21st-century British women writers
20th-century British women writers
20th-century British short story writers
21st-century British short story writers
20th-century essayists
21st-century essayists
Viper Island is an island of the Andaman Islands. It belongs to the South Andaman district of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The island lies west of Port Blair.
History
Viper Island derives its name from the vessel H.M.S. Viper in which Lt. Archibald Blair came to Andaman and Nicobar Islands in 1789. The vessel, it is believed, met with an accident and its wreckage was found near the island.
This small island was the site of the jail where the British used to imprison convicts and political prisoners. It has the ruins of a gallows atop a hillock.
The jail was abandoned when the Cellular Jail was constructed in 1906.
In any talk about Andaman and its role in the freedom struggle, it is the Cellular Jail that finds frequent mention. But, many years before the Cellular Jail was constructed, it was the jail at Viper Island that was used by the British to inflict the worst form of torture and hardship on those who strove to free the country from the British rule.
The Jail
The need for building a jail there was felt only after the British set up a penal settlement at Port Blair in 1858 to house political prisoners of the Indian Rebellion. Ross Island functioned as the headquarters of the penal settlement. Located near Port Blair, the construction of the Viper Jail was carried out during 1864–67. Lt. Col. Barnet Ford, the superintendent of the Penal settlement, supervised the work. Initially, a police inspector, a head constable, two sergeants, four class I constables and 30 class II constables were posted. Later on, the strength was raised gradually. Solitary cells, lock-ups, stocks and whipping stands characterized the Viper Jail. Women were also held.
The conditions at the jail were such that the place got the notorious name, "Viper Chain Gang Jail." The warden of this jail often changed but inmates used to call the warden "The black mamba".Those who had challenged the might of the British authority were chained together and confined at night by a chain running through coupling of irons around their legs. It was at this jail that members of the Chain Gang were put to hard labour. Brij Kishore Singh Deo, popularly known as Maharaja Jagannath of Puri, was kept in the Viper Jail, where they died in 1879.
The Jail has secured a permanent place in the history of the freedom struggle as it was here that Sher Ali, a Pashtun from Peshawar, was hanged after they assassinated Lord Mayo, the Viceroy of India, on February 8, 1872 at Hope Town jetty, opposite Chatham Island. After the construction of the Cellular Jail in 1906, the Viper Jail's importance declined.
Today, the two-storied Jail building stands tumbled to the plinth level except for a portion of the roof with the outer wall dilapidated. A few birds which have built their nests inside the tomb of the gallows.
Geography
The island belongs to the Port Blair Islands and lies in the middle of Navy Bay.
Administration
Politically, Viper Island, along neighboring Port Blair Islands, are part of Port Blair Taluk.
Fauna
Spotted Deer have been sighted on the island.
Tourism
Viper Island is a serene beautiful tourist destination situated near Port Blair's harbour, and can be approached in 20 minutes from the Phoenix Bay jetty. The Harbor Cruise, available daily from the jetty, provides an overall view of different points of the harbor and a trip to this haunted Viper Island.
This place is visited by number of tourists as it has multiple attractions with historical importance and also has mesmerizing picnic spots with natural picturesque environments.
Image gallery
References
Cities and towns in South Andaman district
Islands of South Andaman district
Internment camps
Indian independence movement
India
Torture in the United Kingdom
Tourist attractions in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands
Mathew Davison (January 4, 1839 – September 9, 1918) was a Michigan politician.
Early life
Their first business was a clothing business. They were one of the area's largest landowners, owning large amounts of farm land. They served as the long time cashier of the Union Trust and Savings Bank.
Political life
They were elected as the Mayor of the City of Flint in 1885 serving a 1-year term.
Post-political life
By 1916, Davison was chairperson of the board of Union Trust and Savings Bank.
References
Mayors of Flint, Michigan
1839 births
1918 deaths
19th-century American politicians
Park Kyung-mi is a South Korean curler. They won silver medals at the 2002, 2003 and 2008 Pacific-Asia Curling Championships.
Career
Park joined the Kim Mi-yeon team in 2002 as the team's alternate. They played in the Pacific Championships from 2002–2004 with silver medals in 2002 and 2003 and a bronze in 2004. The team moved their lineup around for the 2007 Pacific Curling Championships and Park Kyung-mi was moved to lead of the team which was now skipped by Park Ji-hyun. They finished with a 4–4 round robin record and lost the World Championship berth game to Japan's Moe Meguro. The team won a silver medal at the 2008 Pacific Curling Championships although South Korea already had their team qualified for the 2009 Mount Titlis World Women's Curling Championship as the host nation. The team altered their lineup for the World Championship, which didn't include Park.
Other than team curling, Park has competed in three World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship in 2009, 2011 and 2012. Them best finish was at the 2012 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship with partner Beak Jong-chul where the pair finished in nineteenth with a 3–5 record.
References
External links
Living people
South Korean female curlers
Asian Games medalists in curling
Curlers at the 2003 Asian Winter Games
Medalists at the 2003 Asian Winter Games
Asian Games silver medalists for South Korea
Year of birth missing (living people)
Hamza Abdi Barre (, ) is a Somali politician currently serving as the Prime Minister of the Federal Government of Somalia. They were nominated on 15 June 2022, by President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud, and they were endorsed by parliament on June 25, 2022 (229 in favour, 7 opposed, 1 abstention). Hamza is also a parliamentarian elected to the House of the People of the Federal Parliament of Somalia on 28 December 2021, representing the Afmadow constituency of Middle Juba.
Early life and Education
Hamza was born in Kismayo, Lower Juba, to the Ogaden branch of the Darod clan.
Hamza completed their primary education in the country, and received their bachelor's degree from the University of Science and Technology in Yemen in 2001. From 2003 to 2004, Hamza was the Executive Director of the Formal Private Education Network in Somalia (FPENS), a school in Mogadishu. In August 2005, Hamza became a co-founder of Kismayo University. In 2009, Hamza received their Master's degree from the International Islamic University in Malaysia. After obtaining their Master's degree and before entering into their political career, Hamza spent many years as an educator in Kismayo and Mogadishu, including becoming a senior lecturer at Mogadishu University.
Political career
Barre has long been a supporter of the Union for Peace and Development Party, holding various positions in the offices of the federal government. From 2014 to 2015, Barre was the administrative advisor to the governor of Banaadir region and later to the mayor of Mogadishu, Hassan Mohamed Hussein. Barre also served as a senior adviser to the Ministry of Constitutional Affairs and Federalism. Their largest political positions before becoming Prime Minister were as the secretary-general of the Peace and Development Party under President Mohamud from 2011 to 2017, and as chairperson of the Jubbaland Electoral Commission from 2019 to 2020 under President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed. Since 26 June 2022, Barre has served as the Prime Minister of Somalia beside President Mohamud, elected exactly one month prior.
See also
2022 in Somalia
References
21st-century prime ministers of Somalia
21st-century Somalian politicians
Living people
People from Kismayo
People from Lower Juba
Prime Ministers of Somalia
Year of birth missing (living people)
Josefa Vicent (born 7 May 1950) is a Uruguayan sprinter. They competed in the women's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1950 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1971 Pan American Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Uruguayan female sprinters
Olympic athletes of Uruguay
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games competitors for Uruguay
Olympic female sprinters
Kim Mi-Jung (born March 29, 1971 in Masan, Gyeongsangnam-do) is a retired female South Korean judoka. They were a shot putter in high school but changed to be a judoka at the age of 17, and in a year Kim was selected to be a member of the South Korean national judo team in 1989.
Next year, Kim won bronze at the 1990 Asian Games in Beijing, and in 1991 they became their first world champion in the 72 kg division at the World Championships in Barcelona.
At the 1992 Summer Olympics they finally won the Olympic gold medal in the women's Half Heavyweight (-72 kg) category.
Kim retired from competitive judo after winning the Asian Game gold medal in 1994. They have been serving as a judo coach and professor for Yong-In University, South Korea.
 They are married to judoka Kim Byung-joo.
References
External links
Judoka at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of South Korea
Olympic gold medalists for South Korea
1971 births
Living people
Olympic medalists in judo
Asian Games medalists in judo
Judoka at the 1990 Asian Games
Judoka at the 1994 Asian Games
South Korean female judoka
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Asian Games gold medalists for South Korea
Asian Games bronze medalists for South Korea
Medalists at the 1990 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Sportspeople from South Gyeongsang Province
Jon Bausor is an international stage and costume designer for Theatre, Dance and Opera. Based in London, they are an associate artist of the Royal Shakespeare Company and designed the opening ceremony of the 2012 Paralympic Games.
Education
Bausor (rhymes with "Chaucer") studied cello and voice at the Royal Academy of Music whilst attending Warwick School as a choral scholar. Whilst still at school they joined the Royal Shakespeare Company to play Lucius, in Steven Pimlott's production of Julius Caesar starring Robert Stephens. Following an Art foundation course at Exeter College of Art, where they sang as a clerk in the Cathedral choir, Bausor went on to study Music as a choral scholar at New College, Oxford under the directorship of Edward Higginbottom before training on the Motley Theatre Design Course under Alison Chitty.
Career
On completing the course, Bausor was a finalist in the Linbury Prize for Stage Design, on the committee of which they now sit, and went on to design shows in many of London's fringe theatres, including the Arcola and Southwark Playhouse, as well as designing numerous projects with the director William Gaskill.
Since then Bausor has designed extensively in dance, opera and theatre for companies worldwide including The Royal Opera House, Royal National Theatre, Abbey Theatre, Dublin, Young Vic, Rambert, Royal Court Theatre, Theatre de Complicite and both Finnish and Norwegian National Ballets. They have made regular collaborations with directors including Liam Scarlett, Cathy Marston, Will Tuckett, David Farr, David Lan, Sean Holmes, Simon Godwin, Tim Sheader, Matthew Dunster, Walter Sutcliffe, Adrian Osmond, Doug Varone, Andrea Miller and Arthur Pita. Notable designs include an immersive submarine space for KURSK at the Young Vic, a crashed plane for Lord of the Flies at the Regents Park Open Air Theatre, Ghost Stories (Duke of Yorks/ Arts Theatre, London), and a 2 km long set for MAMETZ for the National Theatre of Wales for which they won the UK Theatre Award for Best Design
As an associate artist of the RSC they have designed numerous productions including Shakespeare's Hamlet, King Lear and The Winter's Tale, Harold Pinter's Homecoming and the entire 2012 What Country Friends Is This? season.
In 2012, Bausor designed the Opening Ceremony of the Paralympic Games in London, directed by Jenny Sealey and Bradley Hemmings, and in 2014 was commissioned to create a kinetic sculpture at the Stoke Mandeville stadium to light the flame for the 2014 Paralympic Winter Games in Sochi.
In 2014 they designed the Great North Run Millionth Runner ceremony on the Tyne River in Newcastle, and The James Plays trilogy, a joint production between the National Theatre of Scotland, Edinburgh International Festival and National Theatre of Great Britain, written by Rona Munro and directed by Laurie Sansom.
References
British costume designers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Choral Scholars of New College, Oxford
Barycentric can refer to:
In astronomy,
Barycenter or barycentre, the center of mass of two or more bodies that orbit each other
Barycentric coordinates, coordinates defined by the common center of mass of two or more bodies (see Barycenter)
Barycentric Coordinate Time, a coordinate time standard in the Solar system
Barycentric Dynamical Time, a former time standard in the Solar System
In geometry,
Barycentric subdivision, a way of dividing a simplicial complex
Barycentric coordinates (mathematics), coordinates defined by the vertices of a simplex
Pandit Ramnandan Mishra (1905–1989) was an Indian nationalist who fought for India's freedom from British rule.
Life
Ramnandan Mishra was born in Darbhanga in 1905. They were a member of Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee from 1927–1934. They participated in the Civil Disobedience Movement and was imprisoned between 1930–31. They were a founding member of the Congress Socialist Party from 1934–47 and then the Socialist Party from 1947–52. They were arrested for anti-war propaganda in 1940. They participated in the Quit India Movement and organized secret revolutionary centres and while visiting Madras, was arrested in Cuttack on 23 August 1942. They were lodged in Cuttack jail, then in Behrampur jail. When they tried to escape, they were transferred to Hazaribagh Central Jail in the last week of October, 1942. They escaped from Hazaribagh Central Jail along with Yogendra Shukla, Jayaprakash Narayan and others during November, 1942.
They were in charge of the revolutionary movement in Punjab where they were rearrested on 22 February 1943 and released only in 1946. They were General Secretary of the Hind Kisan Panchayat, Bihar from 1949–52 and became a member of the National Executive of the Socialist Party in 1949.
They left politics for spiritual pursuits in 1952 and became a devotee of Lord Jagannath. They died on 27 August 1989.
References
1905 births
1989 deaths
People from Bihar
Revolutionary movement for Indian independence
Indian revolutionaries
Indian socialists
People from Darbhanga
Indian prisoners and detainees
Prisoners and detainees of British India
Robert S. Cottle (August 7, 1920April 25, 1999) was an American television host.
Early life
Robert Cottle was the son of Earle W. and Gladys E. (Pierce) Cottle. They grew up and attended local schools in Brockton, Massachusetts. During World War II, Cottle was a B-17 Flying Fortress flight instructor for the USAF at Lackland AFB.
Television career
In the 1950s, Cottle began a career in television as a host for children's TV shows, often appearing as "Captain Bob." One of their first shows, The Nature World of Captain Bob began in Hartford, Connecticut, it was a thirty-minute Saturday morning art instruction program offering sketching techniques for wildlife subjects and set in a sea shanty. Later, in 1953, the show moved to Boston, Massachusetts, where it ran for another 14 years.
In addition to hosting their own TV shows in the Boston area, Cottle took over as host for the NBC TV show The Ruff & Reddy Show in September 1962. The show ran for two more years, at times beating CBS-TV's Captain Kangaroo in the Nielsen ratings. Cottle appeared for the last time on national TV in the 1964 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, which aired on NBC and CBS.From 1976 to 1982, The Nature World of Captain Bob aired Saturday mornings on WCVB (Channel 5) and was re-run for several years afterward well into the early 1990s.
Later life
In the late 1960s, Cottle and a friend, Robert Bourque, created the Prophetron Zoltan Fortune Teller machine, to which Cottle lent their voice. They continued to host local TV shows in Boston and in Hartford, Connecticut, including the show The Magic Window, on WBZ-TV.
Personal life
Cottle had a son, Robert S. Cottle, Jr. with their first wife, the former Bette Volpe, a native of Medford, Massachusetts. In 1987, Bette Cottle died, and Cottle remarried to their high school sweetheart, Beth Willis Johnson. They moved to Block Island, Rhode Island, and, in 1997, to San Mateo, California, where Cottle died in 1999 from a stroke, aged 78.
Robert and their wife Bette lived in Norwell for many years in the 1960s to 1980s. They also had a pet crow.
References
External links
Captain Bob Cottle, TVParty.com
1920 births
1999 deaths
United States Army Air Forces bomber pilots of World War II
American television personalities
Male television personalities
People from Brockton, Massachusetts
Military personnel from Massachusetts
The 48th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1963 Nova Scotia general election, the 47th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 48th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1967 Nova Scotia general election, the 48th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 49th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 26th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Eustache Picot (died 1651) was a French musician and composer. They were maître de musique of the maîtrise Saint-Evode at the cathedral of Rouen (1601-1604), and sous-maître of the chapelle royale of Louis XIII, following Nicolas Formé, from 1609 till their death. They were succeeded by Thomas Gobert. Despite their reputation in their own lifetime only fragments of their works survive. The king gave them the abbaye de Chaulmoy and a canonry at the Sainte Chapelle.
References
French composers
French male composers
1651 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Kok Kum Woh (born 18 May 1915, date of death unknown) was a Singaporean sports shooter. They competed for Singapore at the 1960 Summer Olympics and for Malaysia at the 1964 Summer Olympics. They also competed at the 1962 and 1966 Asian Games.
References
External links
1915 births
Year of death missing
Singaporean male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Singapore
Olympic shooters of Malaysia
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1962 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1966 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Singapore
Maurice Dekobra (May 26, 1885 Paris – June 1, 1973 Paris) was a French writer. Their real name was Ernest-Maurice Tessier. Seen as a subversive writer in the 1920s and 1930s, they became one of the best-known French writers between the First and the Second World Wars. Their books have been translated into 77 languages, and they have been described as an early example of an international best-seller writer. This is particularly true of their best known work, La Madone des Sleepings (1925). In spite of this, and the publication of a biography by Philippe Collas in 2001, they were declared a "total unknown" in 2005, though the republication of La Madone des Sleepings by the publisher Zulma in 2006 has increased awareness of him, at least in France.
Biography
At the age of 19, they started their career as a trilingual journalist – French, English, German. During the 1914–18 War they were attached as liaison officer/interpreter first to the Indian army, and later to the United States army. The contacts they made at this time ignited their passion for travel. They attributed the origin of their pen name to an episode in North Africa when they saw a snake charmer with two cobras. Allegedly they began thinking of the "deux cobras", which led them to De-kobra, then Dekobra. The term 'dekobrisme' was coined from their fiction, which used journalistic features in their novels. They chose to live in the United States from 1939 to 1946. Upon returning to France, they started writing whodunits. One of these, Opération Magali (1951) won the Prix du Quai des Orfèvres.
Some of their novels were made into films.
Bibliography
Les Mémoires de Rat-de-Cave ou Du Cambriolage considéré comme un des beaux-arts (1912)
Grain d'Cachou ou Montmartre pendant la guerre ou La petite dame sans camélias (1918)
Les Liaisons tranquilles (1920)
Minuit... Place Pigalle (1923)
Mon coeur au ralenti (1924)
La Vénus à roulettes (1925)
La Madone des sleepings (1925)
La Gondole aux chimères (1926)
Les nuits de Walpurgis (1926)
Tu seras courtisane (1927)
Flammes de velours (1927)
Sérénade au Bourreau (1928)
Les Tigres Parfumés - Aventures Au Pays Des Maharajahs (1929)
Prince ou Pitre (1929)
Le Sphinx a parlé... (1930)
Aux cent mille sourires (1931)
Fusillé à l'aube (1931)
Aux cent mille sourires (1931)
Pourquoi mourir? (1931)
L'Archange aux pieds fourchus (1931)
La Volupté éclairant le monde, (1932)
Rat-de-cave, cambrioleur (1932)
Confucius en pull-over (1934)
Madame Joli-Supplice (1935)
Macao, enfer du jeu (1938)
Émigrés de luxe (1941)
Le roman d'un lâche (1942)
La Perruche Bleue Journal d'une courtisane sous la terreur nazie (1945)
Hamydal le Philosophe (1947)
La Prison des Rêves (1947)
Satan refuse du monde (1947)
Et Eve gifla Adam... ou les aventures d'une Yankee à Montparnasse (1949)
Salutations distinguées (1949)
La Pavane des poisons (1950)
La Rafle est pour ce soir (1953)
Monsieur Lambers mourra ce soir (1957)
Son altesse mon amant (1958)
Passeport diplomatique (1959)
Casanova à Manhattan (1960)
La Trahison du colonel Redko (1960)
L'homme qui mourut deux fois - Les vestales du veau d'or (1960)
Secrets de sleeping (1960)
13ÈME AMANT
Filmography, directed by (1927, based on the short story La Girl aux mains fines)Prince or Clown, directed by Aleksandr Razumny (1928, based on the novel Prince ou Pitre)Change of Heart, directed by Marco de Gastyne (1928, based on the novel Mon coeur au ralenti)Madonna of the Sleeping Cars, directed by Maurice Gleize and Marco de Gastyne (1928, based on the novel La Madone des sleepings)Minuit, place Pigalle, directed by René Hervil (1928, based on the novel Minuit... Place Pigalle)Latin Quarter, directed by Augusto Genina (1929, based on the novel Quartier Latin)Friends and Lovers, directed by Victor Schertzinger (1931, based on the novel Le Sphinx a parlé), directed by Roger Richebé (1934, based on the novel Minuit... Place Pigalle)The Phantom Gondola, directed by Augusto Genina (1936, based on the novel La Gondole aux chimères)Yoshiwara, directed by Max Ophüls (1937, based on the novel Yoshiwara)Latin Quarter, directed by Alexander Esway, Christian Chamborant and Pierre Colombier (1939, based on the novel Quartier Latin), directed by Jean Delannoy (1939/42, based on the novel Macao, l'enfer du jeu, starring Erich von Stroheim, Mireille Balin and Sessue Hayakawa), directed by André Haguet (1950, based on the novel Fusillé à l'aube), directed by Jean Stelli (1951, based on the novel Sérénade au bourreau)Hell Is Sold Out, directed by Michael Anderson (1951, based on the novel Satan refuse du monde), directed by (1953, based on the novel Opération Magali), directed by Robert Vernay (1955, based on the novel Rue des bouches peintes)Madonna of the Sleeping Cars, directed by Henri Diamant-Berger (1955, based on the novel La Madone des sleepings), directed by Pierre Billon (1956, based on the novel La Pavane des poisons)Passeport diplomatique agent K 8, directed by Robert Vernay (1965, based on the novel Passeport diplomatique)
ScreenwriterLa Sirène des tropiques (dir. Henri Étiévant and Mario Nalpas, 1927) (dir. Maurice Dekobra, 1954)
Director'' (1954)
References
Davis, Robert Leslie "Maurice Dekobra: grand voyageur et romancier cosmopolite", PhD, Queen's University Belfast, 1970
Philippe Collas "Maurice Dekobra: gentleman entre deux mondes", Paris, Seguier, 2001,
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/307668782_La_Madone_des_Sleepings_ou_le_kitsch_des_annees_folles
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/307640750_Imagining_adventure_in_Middlebrow_fiction_Cosmopolitan_Novels_by_Maurice_Dekobra_and_Johan_Fabricius
1885 births
1973 deaths
Writers from Paris
20th-century French novelists
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
French male novelists
French writers in German
20th-century French male writers
Hans Peter Brøndmo (born 22 June 1962) is an American-Norwegian computer scientist and technology entrepreneur. In 2016 they became vice president at X (formerly Google[x]) and general manager of the Everyday Robots project. They previously worked at Apple Computer on Hypercard development, founded startups in online marketing and social media and held executive positions at Nokia Corporation and Google.
Early life and education
Brøndmo was born in Waterville, Maine, but moved before the age of one to Norway where they grew up outside of the town of Hønefoss, northwest of Oslo. They were educated in public schools and served a year in the Norwegian military before returning to the United States to study computer science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. While at MIT they interned as a research associate at CERN and enrolled in the Masters program in the MIT Media Lab and the MIT Technology and Policy Program. Brøndmo was part of MIT's Interactive Cinema research group, an early effort in interactive video story telling led by Glorianna Davenport.  They are credited with inventing a type of animated computer graphics icon known as a Micon, or “motion icon” described in the 1990 BBC documentary “Hyperland” written by Douglas Adams.
Career
After completing their undergraduate degree, in 1987 Brondmo co-founded Snappy Software, an expert systems software company with seed funding from Apple Computer. The following year they joined Apple Computer and worked on the company's Hypercard program from Japan. In 1990 they co-founded DIVA, or Digital Video Applications Corp., based in Cambridge, MA, where they served as the company's engineering director. Diva, which was the first commercial spin-off from Media Lab, developed a Macintosh-based video editing program known as VideoShop and was acquired by Avid Technology in 1993. Brondmo became an entrepreur-in-residence at Mohr Davidow Ventures. In 1997 they founded Post Communications which offered customized email marketing services, distinguished by giving the recipient control over the flow of marketing information. Post Communications was later sold to online marketing company, Netcentives. In 2002, they published "The Engaged Customer: The New Rules of Internet Direct Marketing". Brondmo went on to start Plum Ventures in 2005, a social networking service intended for small groups of friends and family. In the fall of 2009 Plum was acquired by the mapping division of Nokia. At Nokia they led a project team to reinvent the camera in the age of smartphones. The product was not commercialized after Nokia sold its mobile phone business to Microsoft. In 2013, they co-taught a class on computational photography at the MIT Media Lab. In 2016 Brondmo was hired by Google X to help the company reorganize its efforts in robotics. They now lead the Everyday Robot project at X.
Books and articles
Brondmo, Hans Peter. The Engaged Customer: The New Rules of Internet Direct Marketing. United Kingdom: Piatkus, 2002.
https://www.wired.com/2017/03/how-i-stopped-trying-to-upgrade-my-life/
https://www.wired.com/2015/12/how-do-you-beat-iphone/
Congressional testimony
Congressional testimony on internet privacy
Congressional testimony on email spam
Patents
References
External links
1962 births
American computer scientists
American computer businesspeople
American technology company founders
Google people
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
MIT Media Lab people
Living people
Sir John Holland, 1st Baronet (October 1603 – 19 January 1701) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1679.
Holland was the son of Sir Thomas Holland of Quiddenham, Norfolk and their wife Mary Knyvet, daughter of Sir Thomas Knyvet. They were created a baronet, of Quiddenham by King Charles 1 on 15 June 1629.
In April 1640, Holland was elected Member of Parliament for Norfolk in the Short Parliament. Their fellow parliamentarians asked Holland to rid their house of any Catholics, but they refused. They offered their wife religious freedom but they took great efforts to try and ensure that their children were all Protestant - and failed.
In November 1640 they were elected MP Castle Rising in the Long Parliament and held the seat until they were excluded in Pride's Purge in 1648. Holland was re-elected for Castle Rising in the Convention Parliament in 1660. In 1661 they were elected MP for Aldeburgh in the Cavalier Parliament and held the seat to 1679.
Holland died aged ninety-seven.
Private life
Holland married Alathea Panton, daughter of John Panton of Bruinshop, Denbighshire, and widow of William, Lord Sandys, of the Vine. Their daughter Catherine Holland was born in 1637 and they struggled against their fathers wish that they should be a Protestant. After years of struggle they would be a noted nun in Bruges. Their son Thomas predeceased them and they were succeeded in the baronetcy by their grandson Sir John Holland, 2nd Baronet.
References
1603 births
1701 deaths
Baronets in the Baronetage of England
People from Quidenham
People from Aldeburgh
English MPs 1640 (April)
English MPs 1640–1648
English MPs 1660
English MPs 1661–1679
Members of the Parliament of England for Norfolk
Deportivo Masatepe is a Nicaraguan football team.
History
Based in Masatepe, they finally opened their own stadium in summer 2008 after having staged home games in the Estadio Olímpico de San Marcos and Estadio Cacique Diriangén in the seasons before.
They played their last season in the Nicaraguan Premier Division in the 2008/09 season after winning promotion in summer 2003.
Achievements
Copa de Nicaragua: 1
2005
List of Managers
Martín Mena (2004)
Glen Blanco (2005–2006)
Edward Urroz (2008)
References
Football clubs in Nicaragua
Lucas Dias do Nascimento Serafim (born 6 March 1997), commonly known as Lucas Dias, is a Brazilian footballer currently playing as a forward for Lithuanian A Lyga club Riteriai. Besides Brazil, they have played in Bulgaria, Israel, and the Czech Republic.
Career statistics
Club
.
Notes
References
1997 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Association football forwards
Czech First League players
Israeli Premier League players
Czech National Football League players
Associação Atlética de Altos players
Associação Desportiva Confiança players
Bohemians 1905 players
Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona F.C. players
FC Sellier & Bellot Vlašim players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Bulgaria
Expatriate footballers in Bulgaria
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Florentino Panlilio Feliciano (1928–2015) was the 115th Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines. Before serving as a judge of the Philippines' highest court from 1986 to 1995, they had a long and distinguished career as a corporate lawyer and legal scholar. Known for their expertise in commercial law and international law, they retired from the Supreme Court to serve as member, and later, chairperson, of the Appellate Body of the World Trade Organization.
Education
Feliciano obtained their Bachelor of Arts (summa cum laude) and Law (magna cum laude) degrees from the University of the Philippines. They also have Master's and Doctorate degrees in law from Yale University.
Career
Prior to their appointment to the Supreme Court, Feliciano was managing partner of the law firm Sycip Salazar Hernandez Gatmaitan, where they worked from 1962 to 1986. An expert in international and commercial law, they were part of the Faculties of Law of the University of the Philippines and of Yale University. They have lectured at The Hague Academy of International Law and served as a Member of the Curatorium of the Academy. They were also a Member of the Institut de Droit International; and has written and published on various aspects of international business law and public international law. After their term as member of the WTO Appellate Body, they were appointed as chairperson of an investigatory commission into the 2003 Oakwood mutiny, which became known as the Feliciano Commission. They also served as member of the World Bank Administrative Tribunal from 2002 until their death in 2015.
Scholarly works
Law and Minimum World Public Order: The Legal Regulation of International Coercion (Yale University Press, 1961). (co-author with Myres McDougall)
The International Law of War : Transnational Coercion and World Public Order (co-author with Myres McDougall)
Deconstruction of Constitutional Limitations and the Tariff Regime of the Philippines: The Strange Persistence of a Martial Law Syndrome (sole author). Philippine Law Journal, Vol. 84, No. 2, p. 311.
Notable Decisions and Resolutions
Supreme Court
Bulletin Publishing Corp. v. Noel, 249 Phil. 254 (1988)
Cochingyan, Jr. v. R & B Surety and Insurance Co., Inc., 235 Phil. 332 (1987)
Busuego v. Court of Appeals, 235 Phil. 375 (1987)
Tamargo v. Court of Appeals, 285 Phil. 72 (1992)
Sesbreño v. Court of Appeals, G.R. No. 89252, May 24, 1993
Philippine Telegraph and Telephone Corp. v. National Labor Relations Commission, 321 Phil. 372 (1995)
Garcia v. Executive Secretary, 286 Phil. 322 (1992)
Boy Scouts of the Philippines v. National Labor Relations Commission, 273 Phil. 390 (1991)
Broadway Centrum Condominium Corp. v. Tropical Hut Food Market, Inc., G.R. No. 79642, July 5, 1993.
Investment Law Disputes
Occidental Petroleum Corporation and Occidental Exploration and Production Company v. The Republic of Ecuador, ICSID Case No. ARB/06/11, Decision on the Request to Modify the Decision on the Stay of Enforcement of the Award (September 23, 2014)
Occidental Petroleum Corporation and Occidental Exploration and Production Company v. The Republic of Ecuador, ICSID Case No. ARB/06/11, Decision on the Stay of Enforcement of the Award (September 30, 2013)
Occidental Petroleum Corporation and Occidental Exploration and Production Company v. The Republic of Ecuador, ICSID Case No. ARB/06/11, Procedural Order No. 1 (April 10, 2013)
Daimler Financial Services v. Argentina, ICSID Case No. ARB/05/1, Decision on Annulment (January 7, 2015)
SGS Société Générale de Surveillance S.A. v. Islamic Republic of Pakistan, ICSID Case No. ARB/01/13 (Swiss Confederation/Pakistan BIT), Jurisdiction (August 6, 2003)
Soufraki v. United Arab Emirates, ICSID Case No. ARB/02/7 (Italy/United Arab Emirates BIT), Decision of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Application for Annulment of Mr Saufraki (June 5, 2007)
Soufraki v. United Arab Emirates, ICSID Case No. ARB/02/7 (Italy/United Arab Emirates BIT), Rectification of the Annulment Decision (August 13, 2007)
SGS Société Générale de Surveillance S.A. v. Islamic Republic of Pakistan, ICSID Case No. ARB/01/13 (Swiss Confederation/Pakistan BIT), Procedural Order No. 2 (October 16, 2002)
ADF Group Inc. v United States,ICSID Case No. ARB(AF)/00/1, Award
Azpetrol International Holdings B.V., Azpetrol Group B.V. and Azpetrol Oil Services Group B.V. v. The Republic of Azerbaijan, ICSID Case No. ARB/06/15 (ECT), Award
Personal life
Feliciano was born in Manila, Philippines, to José Maria Feliciano and Anatolia Panlilio. Their father was a former Head of the Department of Geology and Geography in the old College of Liberal Arts of the University of the Philippines, while their mother was a pharmacy graduate. Feliciano is the father-in-law of Hans B. Sicat, president and CEO of the Philippine Stock Exchange. They were survived by their wife, Virginia Feliciano née Toralballa, children and in-laws Josephine Ann and Emmanuel, Regina Stella and Hans, and Robert.
References
Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of the Philippines
University of the Philippines alumni
Members of the Appellate Body
1928 births
2015 deaths
Colonel Evan George Stewart (史伊尹上校) DSO, OBE, ED, MA (1892–1958) was a British soldier and missionary to China.
Biography
They were born on 27 March 1892 in Bedford, the seventh child of the Rev Robert Warren Stewart MA and Louisa (née Smyly), both CMS missionaries in China who were then on home leave. Stewart went with their parents to their mission station in Kucheng, Fukien Province, East China, in 1893 and was with them in 1895 at a nearby hill station called Hwa-sang when they were attacked by an insurgent group, the so-called "Vegetarians", who were opposed to all foreigners, particularly missionaries.
Their parents were killed as were one of their brothers, Herbert (aged 6), and one of their sisters, Hilda (aged 1), and their nursemaid. Evan survived, although it is said that they were hit on the head by a rifle butt, and was rescued from the then burning house by their sister Kathleen (aged 11), who also rescued their sister Mildred (aged 13) whose leg had been slashed by a sword. Their elder brothers, Arthur, Philips and James, were at school in England.
The surviving children were taken to Dublin to their grandfather's large house, Gortleitragh, in Kingstown (renamed Dún Laoghaire in 1922), where Evan, with their brother and sisters, were brought up by their uncles and aunts. Later they were looked after by their Aunt Emily ("Tem") at their home, Brighton Lodge, in nearby Monkstown.
Educated in Dublin and then as a boarder at Wellington College where they shone at Mathematics, History and in Athletics winning the English Public Schools 100 yds sprint.
On leaving school in 1910, went to Hong Kong to teach at St. Paul's College where their older brother Arthur was principal; this was partly to raise money to attend University. Joined "The Hong Kong Volunteers" in 1910 and was soon commissioned, thanks to their officer training in the O.T.C. at Wellington.
In 1913 returned to Dublin to attend Trinity as an undergraduate, reading History. In 1915, with the war becoming ever more demanding, they felt compelled to join up before completing their degree course although, as an undergraduate, they were then exempt from military service. They were commissioned immediately and volunteered for a machine-gun regiment, the Middlesex. They served in France, was wounded twice and on one occasion returned to Dublin to convalesce. In France, briefly met their brother James, an Army padre who was killed in 1916, and later another brother, Philips who was a Major in the RAMC. By the end of the war they were a Captain, acting Major, having been "on active service from 1915 to 1919".
After the trauma of trench warfare they did not feel able to resume their degree course immediately so returned to Hong Kong in 1920 to teach again at St. Paul's College. However, realizing that they would need a degree to be fully acceptable as a teacher, took an external London University Degree in History, graduating in 1925. In 1926 Trinity College granted them its Degree and the "right to wear the cap and gown of a graduate of the College" because their studies "had been interrupted by military service".
In 1928 married Dorothy Sarah Lander, daughter of the Rt. Rev. G. H. Lander, Bishop of Hong Kong from 1907 to 1920 and a previous principal of St. Paul's College. They were the younger sister of Kathleen, their brother Arthur's wife. They had one son, Robert Michael, born in 1931. They took over as Headmaster of St. Paul's College, in succession to their brother, in 1930, and remained principal, with the break of wartime, until their death.
When the Japanese invaded Hong Kong in 1941 they were a major commanding the HKVDC No. 3 (Machine-Gun) Company, first on Stonecutters Island and later in the Wong Nei Chong Gap area. Their actions were to result in an award of the Distinguished Service Order for which the citation noted that the successful evacuation of Stonecutters while under fire was greatly due to their powers of organization and leadership. While at Wong Nei Chong Gap, although wounded early in the fighting, they continued to command their company with a total disregard for their own safety and suffering.
After the capture of Wong Nei Chong Gap by the enemy they organized the escape with six survivors from that area and finally found their own way back alone through the enemy lines. Throughout, their conduct was an example to all of high courage and coolness. During the fighting at Wong Nei Chong Gap, their company suffered 100% casualties in officers and over 80% in other ranks.
Before the start of hostilities, their wife and son had been evacuated to the Philippines and then to Sydney. After the surrender on Christmas Day 1941 they were interned as a prisoner of war in the Argyle Street Camp. Their wounds could not be properly treated and so, combined with malnutrition, they became severely ill so that on Liberation they were evacuated first to Australia and then to England to Stoke Mandeville Orthopaedic Hospital.
Returned to Hong Kong in 1947, despite a "dropped-foot" resulting from an inadequately treated shrapnel wound in their spine, they reopened the St. Paul's College, which had been temporarily restarted as a co-educational school by Katie Wu.
They were Chairman of the HK Inter-Schools Sport Committee, Chairman of the HK School Certificate Panel, a member of the HK University Court, a member of St. John's Cathedral Council (and a Sidesman at the cathedral), a member of St. John's College Council, on the Government's Appeals Board and was on served other Boards.
Joined the Hong Kong Regiment, the successor unit to the Hong Kong Defence Corps, and in 1950 transferred to the Home Guard and took over command from October 1954 to 1956. Led the Hong Kong Regiment's contingent in the Coronation Procession in London in 1954, chaired the committee on the history of the HKVDC and was awarded the OBE in 1955. Served as Honorary Colonel of the Hong Kong Regiment from March 1958 until their death later that year.
They died at age 66 on 17 December 1958, when still Headmaster of St. Paul's College, mainly from the effects of their time as a prisoner-of-war. Their very well attended memorial service was in St. John's Cathedral on 23 December and their ashes were dispersed in the ground of St. Paul's College, which had played such a large part in their life.
References
Hong Kong Volunteers in Battle ()
External links
St. Paul's College
1892 births
1958 deaths
British Army personnel of World War I
People educated at Wellington College, Berkshire
British colonial army officers
British World War II prisoners of war
World War II prisoners of war held by Japan
People from Bedford
Principals of St. Paul's College, Hong Kong
Céline Montaland (10 August 1843 – 8 January 1891) was a French actor, dancer and singer.
Biography
Céline Montaland was born on 10 August 1843 in Ghent, Belgium. I parents, Pierre Montaland and Mathilde Chevalier, were actors. They were trained by their father, who was a former actor at Théâtre du Vaudeville. They made their debut at the age of six at Comédie-Française in the role of Camille in Gabrielle (1849) of Émile Augier. They were the “youngest actor ever to perform at this theater.” They performed a number of children roles, which were specially created for them
In 1860 they returned to Paris after a worldwide musical tour by their theatrical troupe which got a wide public attention. They continued to perform in different popular theaters including Théâtre du Palais-Royal, Odéon-Théâtre de l'Europe and Comédie-Française. At the end of their distinguished theatrical career, they became a Sociétaire at the Comédie-Française in 1888.
They died in Paris, France on 8 January 1891.
References
1843 births
1891 deaths
French stage actores
Linwood is an unincorporated community in Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Linwood was likely named for the presence of linden trees. It was originally called Funk's Station.
Geography
Linwood is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Shashank Koirala () is a Nepalese politician and Member of House of Representatives, belonging to the political dynasty of Koirala family. Shashanka is also a renowned ophthalmologist.
Political career
They were the General Secretary of Nepali Congress, being elected in the party's 2016 general convention with 1417 votes against 1017 votes secured by nearest rival Arjun Narasingha K.C.
In the 2008 Constituent Assembly election, they were elected from the Nawalparasi-1 constituency, winning 17430 votes. They were the sole member of the Koirala family to get elected through the First Past the Post system.
They retained their seat in the 2013 Constituent Assembly election as well as in the 2017 Nepalese legislative elections.
Electoral history
2017 legislative elections
Family
 They are the third son of former Nepalese Prime Minister B.P. Koirala.
Research
1. Thesis: Lipoprotein Profile in Hypertensive Retinopathy - 1985
2. Investigator: Epidemiology and Microbiology of Corneal Suppuration in
3. Investigator: Corneal Surface Injury and Role of Early Prophylactic Antibiotic Therapy. (Editor (1994).
4. Principal Investigator: Efficacy of Antibiotic Prophylaxis for Ocular Surface Trauma Instituted Through Existing Primary Units of Health Care System of - 1996.
5. Principal Investigator: South Asian Cataract Management Study 1997.
6. Examiner: Fellow of Royal and Surgeon, Pakistan
Publication
1. Effect of applying intraocular pressure reducer before cataract surgery: M.P. Upadhyay, P.C. Karmacharya, S. R. Shrestha, S. Koirala, J. Inst. Med., P. 277-282, 1986.
2. Von 's disease (Neurofibromatosis): Case report: P.C. Karmacharya, S. Koirala, M.P. Upadhyay J. Inst. Med. P. 113
3. Xeroderma pigmentosa: Report of Case P.C. Karmacharya, S. Koirala, M.P. Upadhyay, J. Inst. Med. P 321-326, 1987.
4. Microbial flora of conjunctiva of live newborn Nepalese Baby: P.C. Karmacharya, M.P Upadhyay, , B.M. Pokhrel, S.R. Rai, Nepas Journal, 1988, 7, 63-69 (1988).
5. Epidemiologic Characteristics, Predisposing Factors, and Etiologic Diagnosis of Corneal Ulceration in Nepal M.P. Upadhyay, P.C. Karmacharya, S. Koirala, N.R. Tuladhar, L.E. Bryan, G. Smolin, J.P. Whithcer: American Journal of Ophthalmology 111:92-99, January 1991.
6. Vogt Koyanagi Harada (VKS) Syndrome: Case Report D.N. Shah, P.C. Karmacharya, S. Koirala and M.P. Upadhyay, JNMA, Vol. 30, No. 102, Apr-Jan 1992 p 120-124 (J. Nep. Med Assoc. 1992; 30:120-124).
7. Knowledge Attitude and Practice (KAP) Towards Eye disease: Finding of a Survey in Rural Bhaktapur. Paudyal G. Shah D.N., Koirala S. and Upadhyay M.P. Journal of Institute of Medicine, Kathmandu, 14:277, 1992.
8. Knowledge Attitude and Practice (KAP) of Ophthalmology: Finding of Survey of Primary Health Care workers. Shrestha JK, Karmacharya P.C., Shah D.N., Koirala S., Bajracharya H.B., and Upadhyay M.P. Journal of , . 14:237, 1993.
9. The South Asian Cataract Management Study - The first 662 cataract surgeries: a preliminary report. Snellingen T., S. Gupta, F Huq, J.K. Shrestha, R. Husain, S. Koirala, G.N. Rao et al. British Journal of Ophthalmology, November 1995, Vol. 79, No. 11, p 1020-1035.
10. Retinal diseases at TU Teaching Hospital. J.K. Shrestha, S. Koirala, OK Malla, S. Miller. Journal of the 1997, 19:13-17.
11. Burden of ocular trauma in : E. Pradhan, S. Shakya, S. Koirala, M.P. Upadhyay, PCD Karmacharya. Journal of Society of Surgeons of , Aug. 2000, P.6-11.
12. Ocular morbidity in school children in . B.P. Nepal, , S. Adhikary, A.K. Sharma. British Journal of Ophthalmology 2003; 87:531-534.
13. Pseudoexfoliation syndrome in . A hospital-based retrospective study. S. Shakya, S. Koirala, PCD Karmacharya. POacific Journal of Ophthalmology Vol. 16, No. 1, Jan, 2004; p 13-16.
References
Living people
Nepalese ophthalmologists
Nepali Congress politicians from Gandaki Province
S
1958 births
Nepal MPs 2017–
Children of prime ministers of Nepal
Members of the 1st Nepalese Constituent Assembly
Members of the 2nd Nepalese Constituent Assembly
The Flowerpot Men were a British electronic music group active in the 1980s. This group featured electronic musician Ben Watkins (of Juno Reactor), Paul N. Davies (of Naked Lunch), and cellist Adam Peters.
Works
They recorded several EPs including Alligator Bait, Jo's So Mean and The Janice Long Session. The EP Jo's So Mean was produced by Siouxsie and the Banshees' co-founder Steven Severin who described it as "a proto-techno classic". Their most successful and well-known song, "Beat City", was featured in the 1986 film Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
Prior to the Flowerpot Men, Adam Peters had played cello and piano parts on some Echo & the Bunnymen tracks including "Never Stop" and "The Killing Moon".
The group later became known as Sunsonic and released the full-length LP Melting Down on Motor Angel in 1990.
Post Flowerpot Men
After Sunsonic, Ben Watkins went on to form Juno Reactor, a multifaceted project that has released seven studio albums, scored Hollywood films, and toured with multiple live bands and stage performers.
Adam Peters became a composer for feature films, documentaries, and television.
Discography
Jo's So Mean (1984), Compost Records
"Walk on Gilded Splinters" (1985), Compost Records
Alligator Bait EP (1987), Compost Records
The Janice Long Session (1987), Strange Fruit
"Watching the Pharoahs" (1987), Link
References
English electronic music groups
English new wave musical groups
Abdulkadir Özgen (born 8 September 1986) is a Turkish-German professional footballer who plays as a forward for Balıkesirspor.
Career
Özgen began their career with TSV Donnerberg and SV Breinig. In 2006, they joined Alemannia Aachen where they signed their first professional contract. In summer 2010, they joined Kayserispor and moved to Bucaspor in January 2011.
On 28 December 2015 it was confirmed, that Özgen had signed for Adana Demirspor.
In August 2016, Özgen joined Balıkesirspor.
Personal life
Özgen's family immigrated to Germany from Turkey, but their birthplace is the North Rhine-Westphalia city of Stolberg.
References
Balıkesirspor Abdülkadir Özgen'i kadrosuna kattı, hurriyet.com.tr, 24 June 2016
External links
1986 births
Living people
People from Aachen (district)
Sportspeople from Cologne (region)
German footballers
Turkish footballers
German people of Turkish descent
Association football forwards
Alemannia Aachen players
Kayserispor footballers
Bucaspor footballers
Sivasspor footballers
Samsunspor footballers
Bundesliga players
2. Bundesliga players
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
TFF Second League players
Balıkesirspor footballers
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
24 Erzincanspor footballers
Alan Morrison (born 3 March 1971) is a British racing driver who resides in Northern Ireland.
Racing career
A former British Champion in motocross and winner of a single 125cc Motocross World Championship race, they first started circuit racing in the Ford Fiesta championship in 1997 and again this time winning the championship in 1998. They entered the Vauxhall Vectra Sri Challenge in 1999, finishing 2nd on points. For 2000 Morrison was in the British Touring Car Championship's newly introduced class B. With their Peugeot 306 Gti they won the class championship with 13 class B wins.  They are probably best known that year for a huge crash at Brands Hatch where they went into a barrel roll going round the Grand Prix circuit. In 2002 they got a BTCC touring class works drive for Honda, ran by Arena in a Honda Civic Type-R. They drove with Andy Priaulx as teammate and finished 9th in the championship, including one race win, at Donington Park. They stayed with the team the following year with a new teammate in Matt Neal, and finished an impressive 5th on points. Morrison returned to the BTCC in 2009, as a late entry back with Arena Motorsport (under the Team Aon banner) in a Ford Focus ST but left the team after the Oulton Park weekend.
Racing record
Complete British Touring Car Championship results
(key) Races in bold indicate pole position (1 point awarded – 2001 all races, 2006–present just in first race, 2001 in class) Races in italics indicate the fastest lap (1 point awarded – 2001–present all races, 2001 in class) * signifies that driver lead race for at least one lap (1 point given – 2001–present all races)
References
External links
Morrison's career stats from Driver Database
BTCC Official site
1971 births
Living people
Racing drivers from Northern Ireland
British Touring Car Championship drivers
Arena Motorsport drivers
Louis "Lou" Gentile (born July 28, 1979) is an American politician formerly serving as the senator for the 30th District of the Ohio Senate. They were also previously a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, serving briefly in 2011 prior to their appointment to the Senate. Their district is one of the largest in Ohio, stretching from Carrollton, Ohio to Athens, Ohio and encompassing much of the Ohio Valley. Gentile served as Assistant Minority Whip in the Ohio Senate.  They are a Democrat. Gentile lost their 2016 Senate re-election bid to Frank Hoagland.
Early life and education
Gentile was born and raised in Steubenville, Ohio on the Ohio River. They attended Steubenville Catholic Central High School and subsequently West Virginia University, where they earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science.
Career
After graduation from college, Gentile returned home to Jefferson County and joined the Ted Strickland for Congress campaign as field director. They continued their service with Congressman Strickland by serving as their representative to constituents in Jefferson, Belmont, Noble and Monroe counties.
After Strickland won their election to become Governor of Ohio, Gentile was appointed Assistant Director of the Governor's Office of Appalachia in January 2007, where they served until 2010.
In 2010, with incumbent Representative John Domenick unable to run again due to term limits, Gentile ran to replace them in the Ohio House. They faced four others in the primary election and received 52.41% of the electorate to win the nomination. Gentile faced Republican Mark Clark in the general election, and won with 66.25% of the vote.
Ohio Senate
In late 2011, Senator Jason Wilson resigned from their seat in the Ohio Senate to become Director of the Governor's Office of Appalachia under Ohio Governor John Kasich. As a result, Senate Democrats were required to appoint a successor to the seat. Gentile was the Senate Democrats' top pick to fill the position.
It was announced in early December that Gentile had been chosen for Senator Wilson's seat. They were sworn into office on December 15, 2011. Gentile was elected to a full term in the Senate in 2012, defeating Republican Shane Thompson 53% to 47%. This was a significant victory for Gentile, as they had been the GOP's top target and the GOP spent over $1 million to defeat him. Gentile raised about $800,000.
When Senator Joe Schiavoni was named Minority Leader in 2014, Gentile was named as a member of their leadership team, serving as Assistant Minority Whip.
Gentile ran for re-election to the Ohio Senate in 2016, but was defeated in the general election by Republican Frank Hoagland by a margin of 53%-47%.
Jobs/Economy
The 30th Senate district encompasses a large portion of Appalachian Ohio. The region's economy is heavily dependent on energy jobs, particularly in the coal industry. As Senator, Gentile secured funding to support energy innovation and job retention in the region. They authored the Ohio Workers First amendment to create the Shale Workforce Report. The report includes information about employment levels of Ohio's workers in the oil and natural gas industry. Gentile also secured $200,000 in funding for scholarships for students at Eastern Gateway Community College who are pursuing a career in the oil and gas industry.
Veterans
During the 130th General Assembly, Gentile sponsored Senate Bill 13 to provide college credits for certain trainings received by veterans while they served. The bill was used to model what ultimately became the state's method for awarding college credit to veterans.
During the 131st General Assembly, Senator Gentile proposed legislation to provide tax relief to fully disabled veterans. Senate Bill 302, jointly sponsored by Senator Gentile and Minority Leader Joe Schiavoni, would exempt 100% disabled veterans from paying any property tax on their home.
Gentile also introduced Senate Bill, which would provide income tax credits to small businesses that hire unemployed veterans. When their efforts to move S.B. 18 forward were met with opposition, Gentile offered this bill as an amendment to Ohio House Bill 390. When this was unsuccessful, they attempted to amend the same bill on the Senate Floor to include the tax credits proposed in S.B. 18.
Seniors
Gentile has routinely tried to end the income cap on the homestead exemption, which is a program that gives a property tax break to senior and disabled homeowners. In 2013, The Republican-controlled legislature limited the program, so Ohioans turning 65 who have a household income of more than $30,000 would no longer be eligible for the tax relief.
Coal Miners
In 2013, the state of Ohio announced that a mine safety training center in Harrison County, Ohio, would be closed and relocated. Senator Gentile worked with Harrison County officials and the United Mine Workers union to keep the facility open. In 2016, due to Gentile's efforts, Ohio approved funding for a new mine safety training center in Harrison County.
Senator Gentile has also joined US Senator Sherrod Brown in calling on Congress to approve the Miners Protection Act and protect retired coal miners' benefits. "Our retired coal miners have worked hard and have earned their pensions and benefits. Congress has an obligation to ensure that the promises made to them are kept." - Senator Lou Gentile
Committee assignments
Committee on Rules
Electoral history
References
External links
Lou Gentile for Ohio Senate, official campaign website
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Ohio state senators
Living people
1979 births
21st-century American politicians
People from Steubenville, Ohio
William Kaye-Parry (28 June 185310 November 1932) was an Irish architect and civil engineer.
Early life and education
They were born on 28 June 1853, the son of William Parry, proprietor of the Salthill hotel, Salthill, County Dublin.
From 1 November 1870 to 1 November 1873 they were articled to John McMurdy. They then entered Trinity College Dublin where they obtained a Bachelor of Engineering in 1875 with special certificates in practical engineering as well as mechanical and experimental physics.
Career
They began to practice as an independent architect and civil engineer in 1877. In 1880 they won a competition for a design of a concert hall held by the Royal Irish Academy of Music. They also exhibited at the Royal Hibernian Academy that year, as well as in 1881-1883, 1886 and 1896. They were surveyor to the Kingstown Estate from 1896 to 1903.
They entered into a partnership with George Murray Ross in late 1898 or early 1899. The partnership opened a London office in 1900.
They had a reputation for expertise in domestic sanitation and sewage as well as architecture. They were engineered to the Dublin Sanitory Association from 1883 to 1890. They were consulting engineer to the Ulster Sanitory Association in 1891. They were also university examiner in practical sanitary engineering for the qualification of state medicine for Trinity College Dublin in 1895 and external examiner in sanitary engineering in the Faculty of Technology, Victoria University of Manchester.
They suffered a severe accident in 1921 when they broke their thigh in two places - an injury they never fully recovered from.
In 1927 Arnold Francis Hendy, an assistant in the practice was taken on as a full partner and the firm became known as Kaye-Parry Ross & Hendy.
Death
After living in London for several years, they died on 10 November 1932.
References
External links
William Kaye-Parry on archiseek
19th-century Irish architects
19th-century Irish engineers
20th-century Irish architects
20th-century Irish engineers
Zakaria Chihab (5 March 1926 – November 1984) was a Lebanese wrestler. At the 1952 Summer Olympics, they won the silver medal in the men's Greco-Roman Bantamweight category. They moved to Kuwait in the 1960s and died there in the 1980s.
References
External links
Mention of Zakaria Chihab's death
1926 births
1984 deaths
Lebanese male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Lebanon
Wrestlers at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Lebanon
Olympic medalists in wrestling
Medalists at the 1952 Summer Olympics
20th-century Lebanese people
Big Bone may refer to:
Big Bone, Kentucky, an unincorporated community
Big Bone Cave, a cave in Tennessee
Big Bone (rapper)
Big Bone (Lil.tyy6)
Elsie Plant (1890–1982) was a suffragette, socialist and birth control activist. They lived most of their life in Stockport, seven miles from Manchester. They were an enthusiastic campaigner of the suffrage movement. Following their campaigning as a suffragette, they and their husband became key figures in Stockport's Labour Fellowship. They had three daughters: Aileen, Roma and Joyce. Aileen became a nursery school head teacher and traveller; Roma was a businesswoman and retail owner, and Joyce was a writer, teacher and philosopher.
Political activism and influence
Elsie was a key advocate of birth control. They attempted to open a birth control clinic in Stockport in 1923. Through their activism, they became friends with Marie Stopes, and arranged for them to lecture to an audience of over two thousand at the Armoury in Stockport. Unfortunately, Elsie's attempt was unsuccessful due to opposition from the Roman Catholic Church. However, their work was instrumental in the advocation and representation of birth control in Britain. They were one of the four local women for whom Suffragette Square in Stockport was named on International Women's Day in 2018 (the others being Elizabeth Raffald, Hannah Winbolt and Gertrude Powicke).
References
1890 births
1982 deaths
British women's rights activists
People from Stockport
British birth control activists
Fiji's fourth constitution was signed into law by President Ratu Epeli Nailatikau on September 6, 2013, coming into effect immediately. It is the first to eliminate race-based electoral rolls, race-based seat quotas, district-based representation, the unelected upper chamber, and the role of the hereditary Council of Chiefs. It vests sole legislative authority in a single-chamber, 50-seat, at-large Parliament, to be first convened following general elections in 2014. It is also the first ever to grant the right to multiple citizenship (in effect since 2009 by decree, on abrogation of the 1997 constitution), and lowers the voting age to 18.
Background
Fiji's first constitution, implemented in 1970 at the time of independence from the UK, contained negotiated provisions to enshrine the political supremacy of the minority indigenous population. When an Indo-Fijian dominated government was elected despite these safeguards, the 1987 Fijian coups d'état took place, resulting in even tighter measures in the 1990 constitution.
Widespread Indo-Fijian dissent, coupled with a population shift back to an indigenous majority, prompted a more inclusive approach in the 1997 constitution. This was followed by the election of the first Indo-Fijian Prime Minister, and the violent, failed civilian coup of 2000. The 2013 constitution gave Indo-Fijians equal status in the country.
Rationale
The 2000 coup was ended by military intervention. Fifteen people died. Power was handed over to a civilian administration, which subsequently won the 2001 elections — depending for its majority on elements that had been supportive of the coup — and granted early release to several conspirators who had been imprisoned. It also proposed legislation that would have extended amnesty to those involved (the Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill).
This angered the head of the Republic of Fiji Military Forces, Frank Bainimarama, who spoke out against the government, formally demanded a reversal, withstood an attempt to replace him, and eventually launched their own bloodless coup in December 2006.
As Prime Minister, Bainimarama declared that the race-based electoral system — which they characterized as insulating the well-connected not only from political consequences but from justice and the law — had to be reformed before new elections were held. After months of international pressure, they announced elections for 2009, but then reversed himself, saying that a whole new system (a new census, a new voter's list, and a new constitution) would need to be established to prevent a return to the "coup culture."
In 2008, the government-appointed National Council for Building a Better Fiji released the People's Charter for Change, Peace and Progress, which established guidelines for drafting a new constitution, and in 2012 public hearings began across the country to solicit input from the community.
Criticism
Original draft author Yash Ghai has publicly disagreed with changes in the final document, including the removal of regional representation, maintaining that it favors larger political parties.
According to an article published in The Economist by an uncredited writer in Wellington, New Zealand, despite its electoral success, the FijiFirst government is also "despised" by "many" native Fijians for implementing the 2013 Constitution of Fiji which describes all of Fiji's citizens as "Fijians", regardless of their ethnicity, causing "some" indigenes to have fears of "cultural annihilation" and an "Islamic conspiracy to control the country", due to the Attorney General of Fiji being of Muslim background."
See also
People's Charter for Change, Peace and Progress
1997 Constitution of Fiji
References
External links
Constitution of the Republic of Fiji (2013) : Pacific Islands Legal Information Institute
Constitution of Fiji
2013 in Fiji
2013 in law
Moca pelomacta is a moth in the family Immidae. It was described by Edward Meyrick in 1922. It is found in Brazil.
The wingspan is about 12 mm. The forewings are pale brownish ochreous sprinkled with dark fuscous and with suffused irregular dark fuscous spots on the costa near the base and at one-fourth and the middle, and on the base of the dorsum. There are less defined smaller spots in the disc at one-fourth and the middle and there is a transverse dark fuscous mark on the end of the cell, and a blotch beneath the middle of the disc confluent with its lower extremity. There are also two very irregular interrupted posterior dark fuscous shades and a dark fuscous marginal line around the apex and termen. The hindwings are dark fuscous.
References
Moths described in 1922
Immidae
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of South America
Guillermo Carlos Morigi (born March 1, 1974) is an Argentine former professional football left winger who played for Vélez Sársfield in the Primera División Argentina throughout most of their career. They were part of the team during its most successful years, the 1990s.
Club career
Morigi was born in Caseros, Buenos Aires province. They started their career with Vélez Sársfield of the Argentine First Division. They were part of the first team in the history of the club to achieve two consecutive championships, the Apertura and Clausura of the 1995–96 season. They also won with the team the 1996 Supercopa Sudamericana and 1997 Recopa Sudamericana.
For the 1997–98 season Morigi was sold to Spanish La Liga side Valencia CF. However, as most of Vélez Sársfield's 1990s multi champions, they were not successful outside their first team. They played 15 games for Valencia and scored 1 goal, in a 4–3 victory over FC Barcelona. They were also part of the squad that won the 1998 UEFA Intertoto Cup, and played some minutes in the first final against Austria Salzburg. Morigi was also part of the squad that won de 1998–99 Copa del Rey, having played for the club during the first half of the season-long championship.
They returned to Vélez in 1999 and played for the team until 2002. They then had a short spell at Racing and Ecuadorian Barcelona SC, where they suffered a serious knee injury. They were released from their contract in 2004, and immediately retired at the age of 30.
International career
Morigi played a friendly match for the Argentine national team in 1996, while they were playing for Vélez.
Post-playing career
In 2008 Morigi won a trial against Barcelona SC for unpaid salary. Ecuadorian justice put an embargo on the team's stadium, the Estadio Monumental Banco Pichincha, to secure payment. They then went on to work as a football agent with the New Player Agent Corp.
Honours
Vélez Sársfield
Argentine Primera División: Apertura 1995, Clausura 1996
Supercopa Sudamericana: 1996
Recopa Sudamericana: 1997
Valencia
UEFA Intertoto Cup: 1998
Copa del Rey: 1998–99
References
External links
Argentine Primera statistics at Fútbol XXI
Career statistics at BDFA
Valencia CF statistics at Histoche
Living people
1974 births
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
Association football wingers
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Club Atlético Vélez Sarsfield footballers
Valencia CF players
Racing Club de Avellaneda footballers
Barcelona S.C. footballers
Argentine Primera División players
La Liga players
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Ecuador
Argentine expatriate sportspeople in Spain
A God Somewhere is a 2010 graphic novel created by writer John Arcudi, artist Peter Snejbjerg, and colorist Bjarne Hansen. The novel was first published in one paperback volume by DC Comics' Wildstorm imprint. It tells the story of Eric Foster, the first human to develop superhuman abilities, through the eyes of their friends and family. Over time, Eric's powers cause them to become disconnected from and ruthless toward humanity, leading to a conflict with the US military that ends in Eric's death. The story emphasizes violence and focuses on the ways people are affected by it. Critics gave the story generally positive reviews, but noted that the subject matter was cliché and sometimes found the use of flashbacks confusing.
Development and publication
The concept began to develop when John Arcudi read Kenneth Brower's 1978 book The Starship and the Canoe, which documents the divergent lives of physicist Freeman Dyson and their son George. Arcudi applied ideas from it to superheroes, a staple of comic books for which they have little affection. They then pitched their story to DC Comics as "this is not the story about a god-like superman. This is the story about everybody else". They wanted to offer a counterpoint to most comics and action films that avoid showing how violence changes both the victim and the victimizer. They also wanted address certain racial, religious and cultural issues they felt were underrepresented in comics. Arcudi drew inspiration from the works of theologians St. Augustine, St. Thomas Aquinas, and Friedrich Nietzsche, and some elements of the plot were inspired by the story of King Saul.
The time from Arcudi's inception of the story to their final draft was about 18 months. It was initially crafted as a miniseries with editor Peter Tomasi for release through DC, but when Tomasi left the project it was repackaged as a graphic novel to be released through DC's Wildstorm imprint. The content itself was unchanged.
From the beginning, Arcudi wanted to work with artist Peter Snejbjerg and colorist Bjarne Hansen after seeing their work in DC's 2004 miniseries The Light Brigade, which was written by Tomasi. They had to decline the project when they were first asked because of other commitments, so other artists were considered. However, issues unrelated to the artwork caused production on the comic to be delayed until their schedules were clear. When discussing the story with them, Arcudi had specific ideas about Eric's appearance.
A God Somewhere was released to comic specialty shops and the book market on June 3, 2010. It was an unusual release for Wildstorm at the time, as the imprint had not released an original graphic novel in five years. It was advertised in the Diamond Distribution catalog with a three-page preview.
Critics typically praised the story, but sales were average at best. Initial orders were estimated to be around 2,600 copies, and reorders only raised the total sales to 3,500 by the end of the year. The lackluster performance may have been due in part to the $24.99 retail price, which was higher than average for a softcover graphic novel at the time. A second edition was released in late 2011, this time as part of DC's Vertigo imprint. A German language edition was later made available in Europe through Panini Comics.
In an interview given prior to publication, Arcudi said it was "hard to imagine revisiting" the story in a second volume or a prequel.
Plot
In 1992, Sam Knowles is a new black student in a predominantly white high school. When they are attacked by other students, brothers Eric and Hugh Foster come to their rescue. The three form a strong, lasting friendship that is strained when Hugh marries Alma, a girl all three boys find attractive.
Years later, Eric's apartment building mysteriously explodes, but Eric is unharmed. Sam takes Eric to a hospital where they are found by Alma. They and Hugh had split up to search for Eric, but Eric does not hear their explanation and is hurt by Hugh's absence. They see on TV that people are still trapped in the apartment rubble, and Eric rushes out of the hospital to help them. Sam follows them but is left behind when Eric leaps into the air and flies away. Eric returns to their apartment and rescues multiple survivors using superhuman strength and senses.  They are caught on film by news crews, becoming an overnight sensation.
Over the next few weeks, Eric uses their abilities to protect various people. They also become more religious, believing God is speaking through him. Sam uses their relationship with Eric to garner girls and career success in journalism. Hugh and Alma are upset by the sudden public attention and wish things would return to normal. They are also slightly afraid of what Eric has become. After a tense meeting with the President of the United States, Eric attacks their brother and rapes their sister-in-law. Hugh survives as a quadriplegic. The police arrive and Eric allows themselves to be arrested.
When Sam visits Eric in jail, Eric claims to have been a god in another universe. Sam wants an explanation for Eric's actions, but Eric says Sam can never understand. Eric then escapes from their cell, murdering many guards and innocent bystanders.
During the next year, Eric leaves a path of destruction across the United States, killing any soldier or civilian they encounter. Sam is hired by a national magazine to travel with the military and document the effort to capture Eric. The military discovers Eric is vulnerable to lasers and is able to give them a mortal wound. Eric kills all the soldiers present and has a brief talk with Sam. Eric tries to explain their actions, but Sam does not understand. The Air Force arrives to bomb Eric, and Eric saves Sam's life by throwing them from the blast area. Eric mentally controls Sam's flight path, giving Sam a taste of what superpowers were like. Eric is killed by the bombs.
Sam becomes famous for the articles they write about Eric, and their agent pushes them to write a book. Because their articles inspired a cult devoted to Eric, Sam declines to write anymore. They visit Hugh and Alma, learning Alma still suffers from posttraumatic stress disorder. Sam leaves, deciding to move on with their life.
Reception
A God Somewhere debuted to mostly positive reviews from critics. Many of them noted that the premise and themes were common to the comic medium, and others drew specific comparisons to Doctor Manhattan from Watchmen, Miracleman and Kid Miracleman, and Superman: Secret Identity. Despite the "well-worn" premise, Multiversity Comics felt A God Somewhere excelled in the presentation of its "complex, layered, and dialogic" themes. One theme was how different people are changed by violence, which involved emphasizing violence without sensationalizing it. Another theme was the cultural definition of heroism, which is common across Arcudi's oeuvre. Comic Book Resources liked that Arcudi left Eric's motivations ambiguous, letting readers draw their own conclusions.
The relationships between the characters were frequently touched on by critics. The story is narrated in the past-tense by Sam, and Publishers Weekly felt this made Eric's development tragic rather than exciting. Comic Book Resources agreed, saying the changes they went through are surprising as they happen but seem inevitable afterward. Der Spiegel thought Arcudi handled the relationship between "unequal brothers" well, and cited A God Somewhere as proof that Arcudi is among the best writers in comics. That sentiment was shared by Seattle PI, who felt the believable characters set the work apart from other contemporary comics. The story includes a subplot focused on the racial tension caused by Sam's friendship with Eric, but it does not build to a conflict or affect the climax. Critics were torn on its inclusion, with Pop Matters and Multiversity Comics saying it gave the characters additional depth and The Outhousers seeing it as an odd choice to increase tension. The characterization of Alma was criticized by Pop Matters, who noted that their role is limited to an object of sexual desire.
Arcudi used minimal dialogue throughout the book, relying on Snejbjerg to convey important parts of the story through body language and facial expressions. This tactic was cause for criticism at certain points of the story, particularly flashbacks. The primary indication that the narrative has moved between time periods is the length of Eric's hair. The transitions were described as "jarring" but effective by The Outhousers and "confusing" by Multiversity Comics, who went on to call it "a novel idea that is ineffective in practice" because Eric does not appear in every flashback scene.
References
External links
Arcudi discussing the comic at Villanova University shortly after publication (video)
WildStorm titles
2010 comics debuts
2010 graphic novels
The 'Lippens' mango is a named mango cultivar that originated in south Florida.
History
The original tree was reportedly grown from a Haden mango seed planted on the property of Peter and Irene Lippens in Miami, Florida in 1931. The tree first fruited in 1938, and commercial propagation began in 1945. A 2005 pedigree analysis indicated that Lippens was indeed a seedling of Haden.
Lippens was described by the Florida Mango Forum in 1947, and noted for its eating quality, good production, and disease resistance. Thus it was considered to have good commercial potential. Though it never became widely commercially grown, the variety was sold on a limited scale as a nursery tree for home growers in Florida. Lippens is also a parent of several Florida mangoes, including Irwin, Jewel, and Golden Lippens.
Lippens trees are planted in the collections of the USDA's germplasm repository in Miami, Florida, the University of Florida's Tropical Research and Education Center in Homestead, Florida, and the Miami–Dade Fruit and Spice Park, also in Homestead.
Description
Lippens fruit has an ovate to oblong shape and averages about a pound in weight at maturity. The apex is rounded and lacks a beak. The skin is yellow at maturity and develops a pink or crimson blush. The flesh is deep yellow in color. It is sweet, fiberless, and contains a monoembryonic seed. The fruit typically ripens from late June to July in Florida.
The trees are vigorous growers, growing to medium size with compact and dense canopies.
References
Mango cultivars
DOK-ING d.o.o is a Croatian company which manufactures electric vehicles, unmanned multi-purpose vehicles and robotic systems, established in 1992.
History
The electric motors for their vehicles are largely supplied by the Pula-based company Tema.
Dok-Ing Automotiv
The automotive division was formed upon the introduction of the electric car Dok-Ing XD in 2010.
In 2015, it produced two electric buses for the city of Koprivnica, as a part of the European project Civitas Dyn@mo. In the following year, it unveiled a multifunctional communal vehicle TOM TOM, which received awards from various international fairs. During the same year, it launched a serial production of electric scooters under the name "Core", with 800 of them already exported to Spain, Mexico, France, Italy and Malta in 2017. The batteries are produced by Dok-Ing. The company also launched a series of electric bikes called "Leo".
In 2017, it announced a new model of electric car, under the working name of YD, expected to have a range of 300–400 km.
Products
Current
Mine Clearance Vehicles
MV-4
MV-10
Fire Fighting Vehicles
MVF-5
Underground Mining Vehicles
MVD
Discontinued
Fire Fighting Vehicles
JELKA-4
JELKA-10
Mine Clearance Vehicles
MV-2
MV-3
MV-20
Robots
EOD
Future
FP7
XD (electric car).
International Users
References
External links
Official website
xd Electric city car site
Bus manufacturers of Croatia
Battery electric vehicle manufacturers
Robotics companies
Manufacturing companies based in Zagreb
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1992
Croatian brands
Truck manufacturers of Croatia
Electric vehicle manufacturers of Croatia
Aba Subregon was a subregion in Fejér County, Hungary. Its center was Aba. It was the only subregion where the center is not a town or a city.
Settlements
Subregions of Hungary
Geography of Fejér County
Bangiya Mussalman Sahitya Samiti is a historic Bengali literary society that was founded in 1911 and was associated some most well known literary figures of that era.
History
Bangiya Mussalman Sahitya Samiti was founded in 1911 in Kolkata by young Bengali Muslim writers. The founders included Maulana Maniruzzaman Islamabadi, Mohammad Yakub Ali Chowdhury, Muhammad Shahidullah, Mohammad Mozammel Huq, and Mohammad Mozammel Huq. They were inspired by the Bangiya Sahitya Parishad. The Bangiya Sahitya Bisayini Mussalman Samiti which was founded 1899 in Calcutta was absorbed into the Bangiya Mussalman Sahitya Samiti in 1911. It was created by Syed Nawab Ali Chowdhury, a Muslim zamidar. The aim of the organization was to create a cultural awakening in the Bengali Muslim society. Bangiya Mussalman Sahitya Samiti celebrated its jubilee in April 1941 and celebrations were inaugurated by A. K. Fazlul Huq. In May 1943 the last annual conference was held. The Bangiya Mussalman Sahitya Samiti went into decline with the creation of new organisations such as the East Pakistan Renaissance Society in 1942 in Calcutta and the Purba Pakistan Sahitya Sangsad in 1942 in Dhaka.
Publication
Bangiya Mussalman Sahitya Patrika was the quarterly literary publication of the Bangiya Mussalman Sahitya Samiti. On 24 February 1918, it was decided through a meeting to start publication of the quarterly. The April issue came out in April 1918 and the last issue in April 1923. It primarily published works by Bengali Muslims but sometimes included works by Bengali Hindus. The publication often had works by Kazi Nazrul Islam.
References
1911 establishments in India
Organisations based in Kolkata
Pakistan Movement
Bengali literary institutions
Overland Mail is a 1942 American Western film serial from Universal Pictures which stars Lon Chaney Jr., Noah Beery Jr. and Noah Beery Sr. It was subsequently edited into a film version called The Indian Raiders in 1956.
Plot
Two investigators for a stagecoach company are assigned to discover why the company's stages keep being ambushed. They find that the culprits are bandits disguised as Indians, and they set out to find out who is behind the plot.
Cast
Lon Chaney Jr. as Jim Lane
Helen Parrish as Barbara Gilbert
Noah Beery Jr. as Sierra Pete
Don Terry as Buckskin Billy Burke
Bob Baker as Bill Cody
Noah Beery Sr. as Frank Chadwick
Tom Chatterton as Tom Gilbert
Charles Stevens as Puma
Robert Barron as Charles Darson
Harry Cording as Sam Gregg, Henchman
Marguerite De La Motte as Rose, the Waitress
Ben Taggart as Lamont
Jack Rockwell as Slade, hired gun
Riley Hill as Mack, phoney Indian
Carleton Young as Lem, phoney Indian Adolf Hitler
Chapter titles
A Race with Disaster
Flaming Havoc
The Menacing Herd
The Bridge of Disaster
Hurled to the Depths
Death at the Stake
The Path of Peril
Imprisoned in Flames
Hidden Danger
Blazing Wagons
The Trail of Terror
In the Claws of the Cougar
The Frenzied Mob
The Toll of Treachery
The Mail Goes Through
Source:
See also
List of film serials
List of film serials by studio
References
External links
1942 films
American black-and-white films
1940s English-language films
Universal Pictures film serials
Films directed by Ford Beebe
Films directed by John Rawlins
1942 Western (genre) films
American Western (genre) films
Films scored by Hans J. Salter
Films with screenplays by George H. Plympton
1940s American films
Antoinette Ardizzone (February 15, 1924 – May 29, 2012), known professionally as Toni Arden, was an American traditional pop music singer.
Family
Arden was born in New York City. Them father, Phillip Ardizzone, was a singer with the Metropolitan Opera and La Scala. Them brother, Jan Arden, was also a singer. The siblings teamed up for night club performances in the late 1950s.
Career
Early years
Arden became a big band singer in the 1940s, singing with Al Trace, Joe Reichman, Ray Bloch and Shep Fields.
Recording
They started recording as a soloist in 1946 for the minor National Records company. After their appearance on the early television talent series Doorway to Fame, Arden signed their first solo recording contract with a major record label, Columbia Records, in 1949 (Arden was arguably the only performer out of 20,000 over Doorway to Fame's two-year run on air to become relatively famous); at Columbia, they had several hits including "I Can Dream, Can't I?" (which reached No. 7 on the Billboard charts), "Too Young" (which reached No. 15), "Kiss of Fire" (which reached No. 14) and "I'm Yours" (which reached No. 24). CD compilations of these earlier recordings can be found on the Sepia Records label and a two-CD set released by Jasmine Records.
In the mid-1950s they moved to Decca Records, where their biggest selling record (her only million-seller) was "Padre" in 1958, which peaked at No. 13. LP albums included "Miss Toni Arden", "Besame!", "Sing a Song of Italy" and "Italian Gold". They sang in both Italian and English. The first two albums have been compiled on a second CD by the Sepia Records label. They also recorded briefly for RCA Victor and Mercury Records. Them last album, My World is You (on GPRT Records), features the compositions of Gladys Shelley.
Radio
In 1954, Arden recorded 13 radio programs for the US Marine Corps via electrical transcription. The Toni Arden Show was broadcast on participating local stations. In 1956, they were featured on an episode of What's New in Music on CBS.
Television
Arden appeared on The Music of George Gershwin, This Is Show Business, Dick Clark's program, and The Jimmy Dean Show. They and their brother, Jan, sang two duets on The Ed Sullivan Show in 1959.
Death
They died at their home in Lake Worth, Florida, on May 29, 2012 at the age of 88.
References
External links
Toni Arden bio on Saxony Records site
Image gallery from Toni Arden's career at Saxony Records site
1924 births
2012 deaths
Traditional pop music singers
American women pop singers
RCA Victor artists
Decca Records artists
People from Lake Worth Beach, Florida
Columbia Records artists
Mercury Records artists
21st-century American women
The Federation of European Carnival Cities (FECC) was founded in 1980 and has been registered in the Court of Luxembourg. Member cities, organization and individual members are engaged in producing popular celebrations or carnivals which represent an authentic masquerade or parade of a people's cultural identity. The General membership meets twice each year generally at the end of May and in October.
History
On the occasion of the 700th anniversary of Amsterdam (The Nederlands), Carnival Princes from all over the world met each other in the Amsterdam RAI congress centre in November 1975. The Amsterdam Carnival Association, governed by Mr.Henk van der Kroon was called "Amstelpieren & Brokkerijders." The big event brought an unprecedented number of Carnival Associations from different countries together. The guests of honour included Them Royal Highness Princess Margriet of the Netherlands as well as diplomats and dignitaries from afar including Brazil, Greece, Germany and Belgium. This unique event is widely recognized as the starting point for the lasting contacts and exchanges between associations and cities that has become the FECC.
In 1980, international carnival associations met in Patras (Greece), again under the initiative of the Amsterdam Carnival Association Ämstelpieren & Bfrokkerijders. It is generally accepted that the FECC (Foundation of European Carnival) came into existence during this meeting. At the 5th reunion in Kos-Patmos (Greece), which took place in 1985, a membership was introduced and it was decided to drawn up rules and bylaws. The first countries that became a member of the Foundation were Belgium, Netherlands, Luxembourg, England and Malta. Articles of association were formulated and the creation of FECC was registered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. Directly following the 1987 7th reunion in Malta, the Belgian members founded their own section FECC-Belgium with its own governing board. In 1988 FECC-Germany founded their own section as did FECC-Netherlands and FECC –Luxembourg. The first elected International President was Mr. Henk van der Kroon.
Throughout the year the International President and other board members travel to member cities and interested Carnivals to learn, educate and often officiate at the ceremonies surrounding what is often the most important annual event for the community and even country. The FECC is a global organization holding its first annual convention outside the Mediterranean in the twin island Republic of Trinidad and Tobago in 1987. Many Carnivals, particularly those in Eastern Europe, have grown up under the mentorship of FECC engagement. Since its founding, the FECC has been the only unswerving organization consistently speaking for the interests and concerns of Carnival organizations. Representatives from Carnival organizations in over 50 countries are members and annual conventions generally have several Mayors seeking ways to bring more international recognition and culturally oriented tourists to their festivals.
Annual Carnival City Congress
Once a year, all FECC members: cities, associations and individual members are invited to an international assembly. This convention is organized by a member-city and takes place every year in a different country.
The convention lasts 1 weekend takes place between end mid-May and mid- June. These conventions enjoy a lot of interest: every year, participants from more than 20 countries are present.
During these annual conventions, the members get an international forum which enables them to promote their carnival and their town on the occasion of seminars and workshops.
Direct personal contacts with the numerous participants can also increase the international publicity of a member's carnival and/of town.
The organizers of the convention moreover, use these gatherings to show the participants a few tourist attractions and places of interest of their town and the surrounding area.
The 11 October 1980 marks the founding of the FECC and it is observed by the FECC membership with a 'Dies Natalis' celebration. This weekend gathering is hosted by a member city.
Conventions
Also forthcoming
2023 43Rd FECC Convention in ?, ?
Structure
The FECC is open to membership in the following categories:
Public bodies (municipalities, national art commissions etc.)
Professional NGOs
Amateur organizations
The structure is as follows:
International General Assembly
Presidium/ Board of Directors ( formed by national chairpeople or representatives)
International Executive Board (term of administration is 3 years)
Audit Committee
Senators (advisers) formed by former board members and prominent persons
The objectives are:
exchange of knowledge concerning financing, fundraising and structures
consulting organizations
teaching and consulting construction of allegories floats
motivation techniques for volunteers
promoting carnival towards European institutions as cultural heritage
organizing an annual convention
collecting information concerning various carnival traditions
exchange-programs for clubs/bands, especially youth
External links
FECC main website
FECC Belgium (English, français & Deutsch)
FECC Germany (all languages)
FECC Croatia (hrvatski only)
FECC Netherlands (Nederlands only)
FECC history
Festival organizations in Europe
Carnivals
The rufous-winged antshrike (Thamnophilus torquatus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, and Paraguay; the northwestern half of its range is much of the southeast Amazon Basin. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, dry savanna, and subtropical or tropical moist shrubland.
The rufous-winged antshrike was described by the English naturalist William Swainson in 1825 and given its current binomial name Thamnophilus torquatus.
References
External links
Photo; Article chandra.as.utexas.edu
Photo-High Res; Article tropicalbirding—site 2
Photo-High Res; Article tropicalbirding
Photo-Medium Res; Article ib.usp.br—"Thamnophiladae"
rufous-winged antshrike
Birds of Brazil
Birds of the Cerrado
rufous-winged antshrike
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Isaiah Jerome Green (born August 10, 1989) is an American professional gridiron football cornerback who is a free agent. After playing college football for Fresno State, they were signed by the Buffalo Bills as an undrafted free agent in 2012.
High school career
Green attended Long Beach Polytechnic High School. Green participated in the 2005 World Youth Championships in Africa, anchored the 4x100-meter relay team that won a Gold medal and was on the national high school record-setting 4x200 relay team.
College career
Green redshirted in 2007. Green recorded two tackles during the 2008 season. They made their first career start in the 2009 New Mexico Bowl. Green made five starts in 2010 and ten starts in 2011. They finished their college career with 46 games played, 16 starts, 94 tackles, one forced fumble and one interception.
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2012 NFL Draft, Green signed with the Buffalo Bills as a free agent. After being released by the Bills, the Indianapolis Colts signed Green to their practice squad on October 9, 2012. The Colts released Green on December 4. The Pittsburgh Steelers signed Green to their practice squad on December 12. They were released by the Steelers on August 30, 2014.
On October 14, 2014, Green signed a practice roster agreement with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League. In one game with the Argonauts, Green recorded one defensive tackle & two special teams tackles. Green was released by the Argonauts on June 5, 2015.
References
External links
Fresno State bio
Toronto Argonauts bio
1989 births
Living people
Players of American football from Los Angeles
African-American players of Canadian football
American football cornerbacks
Canadian football defensive backs
American players of Canadian football
Fresno State Bulldogs football players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
Toronto Argonauts players
21st-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American people
Players of Canadian football from Los Angeles
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Long Beach Polytechnic High School alumni
Malcolm M. Mercer is a Canadian lawyer who served as Treasurer of the Law Society of Ontario from June 2018 until June 2020. They were first elected as Treasurer of the Law Society on June 28, 2018 and re-elected on June 27, 2019. The Treasurer is the highest elected official of the Law Society of Ontario, which regulates Ontario's 50,000 lawyers and paralegals in the public interest. The Treasurer presides over Convocation, the Law Society's governing board, chairing and setting the agenda for its meetings and establishing Convocation committees. The Treasurer is elected each year at the June meeting of Convocation. Treasurers generally serve two terms.
In November 2020, Mercer was appointed Chair of the Law Society Tribunal for a four year term.
Mercer was the 2013 recipient of the Louis St-Laurent Award of Excellence from the Canadian Bar Association (CBA); conferred once annually, it is the highest member achievement of the CBA. They have B.Sc. and LL.B. degrees from the University of Toronto (1977, 1982) and was a partner in the Litigation Group at McCarthy Tétrault in Toronto. Their civil litigation practice focused on commercial and corporate matters and professional negligence. Mercer retired from the firm in 2020. Mercer is a past Chair of the Victorian Order of Nurses Canada, along with numerous Law Society and professional designations.  They are also an adjunct professor at Osgoode Hall Law School at York University, where they teach legal ethics.
Awards and honours
2013: received the Louis St-Laurent Award of Excellence from the Canadian Bar Association
2014: recognized as one of "Canada's Top 25 Most Influential Lawyers" by Canadian Lawyer magazine
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
20th-century Canadian lawyers
"Sound of Your Heart" is a song recorded by Canadian singer-songwriter Shawn Hook for their third studio album, Analog Love (2015). It was released through Kreative Soul Entertainment under license to Universal Music Canada on February 17, 2015, as the album's second single. Reaching the top 25 on the Canadian Hot 100 and being certified Platinum by Music Canada, it is Hook's most successful single to date. The song was re-released internationally in early 2016 through Hollywood Records following Hook signing to the label and has since entered the Billboard Mainstream Top 40 chart and reached the top of the magazine's Dance Club Songs chart.
Composition
"Sound of Your Heart" is a pop and pop rock song written by Todd Clark, Shawn Hook, and Stephen Kozmeniuk about the pain of missing someone you love. It is described by many as very similar to the tune of "La La La", a 2013 song released by Naughty Boy. The song's sound has been described as "dark" and "lush". Hook plays the piano on the track. According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com through EMI Music Publishing, the song is composed in the key of F minor and set in common time to a "moderately fast" tempo of approximately 122 BPM. The vocals span two octaves from C through C.
Commercial performance
"Sound of Your Heart" entered the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 at number 100 on the chart dated April 11, 2015. It reached a peak position of 23 on the chart dated June 6, 2015. The song reached number 11 on the Canadian all-genre iTunes chart in May 2015 and peaked at number 12 on the Hot Canadian Digital Songs component chart in June 2015. On the US Dance Club Songs chart, "Sound of Your Heart" went to number one.
Track listings
Digital download – single
"Sound of Your Heart" - 3:20
Remixes – EP
"Sound of Your Heart" (Dave Aude Remix) - 5:35
"Sound of Your Heart" (DJ Boris Remix) - 7:03
"Sound of Your Heart" (Jump Smokers Remix) - 3:26
"Sound of Your Heart" (Mike D Remix) - 3:13
Music video
The accompanying music video was directed by Alon Isocianu and premiered March 23, 2015.
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
See also
List of number-one dance singles of 2016 (U.S.)
References
2015 songs
2015 singles
Hollywood Records singles
Songs written by Stephen Kozmeniuk
Songs written by Todd Clark
Annie Little Warrior (1895–1966) was a Hunkpapa Lakota artist from the Standing Rock Reservation and an early woman ledger artist. They were also known by the names Annie Red Tomahawk and Mrs. Henry Red Tomahawk.
Background
Born in 1895, Annie Little Warrior married Harry Red Tomahawk. They lived on the Standing Rock Reservation in North Dakota.
Authors Paula Calvin and Patricia Janis Broder believed that they were Cheyenne, because they depicted Cheyenne imagery in one of their drawings. Researchers at the National Museum of the American Indian identified them was being born in 1895, Hunkpapa Lakota, married to Harry Red Tomahawk, living on the Standing Rock Reservation, and dying in 1966. However, their grave says they died in 1988.
Artwork
Little Warrior drew ledger art with graphite and crayon on paper. Them work is unusual in that it was narrative, rather than being abstract as was much of the art produced by Native American women during those years. What little is known about them can be gleaned from internal clues in their drawings.  They are known to have depicted the post-contact world, as one of their drawings contains a depiction of the American flag. Them pictures show rituals from the Plains Indian tribes; at least one is suspected to show a Cheyenne ritual, probably a War Dance, as the men illustrated wear headdresses typical of that tribe. Another work depicts the moving of a camp. This work is signed "Miss Annie Little Warrior" in a hand likely not their own; the prominence of the signature indicates that their identity as an artist carried considerable importance for them
Five of their drawings are in the collection of the National Museum of the American Indian, Smithsonian Institution.
References
1895 births
1966 deaths
Hunkpapa people
Native American women artists
Native American painters
Vinny Finigan (born ), also known by the nickname of "Fini", is an English professional, rugby league footballer who plays for London Skolars.  They are of Irish descent.
Bradford bulls
Vinny Finigan is a product of the Bradford Academy.
Finigan made their début in Round 22 (Salford) of the 2010 Season on the wing, in place of the injured Stuart Reardon. They played for the rest of the season including Round 27 (Wigan). Finigan scored against Salford (2 tries) and Hull Kingston Rovers (2 tries). At the end of the 2010 season Finigan was given a professional contract keeping them at Bradford for another year.
In 2011 Finigan featured in three of the four pre-season games. They played against Halifax, Dewsbury and Keighley. Finigan scored against Dewsbury (2 tries) and Keighley (1 try).
They were not selected to play in any of the league or cup game this season. Finigan was dual registered with Championship side Sheffield Eagles.
Sheffield Eagles
Finigan was released from Bradford and they signed for Championship side Sheffield Eagles on a one-year deal. They signed an extension to their contract at the end of the year and played for two seasons for the Eagles.
Batley Bulldogs
After leaving Sheffield at the end of 2013, Finnigan joined Batley for the 2014 season. After a single season they moved to Hunslet Hawks
Hunslet Hawks
Three tries in 14 appearances during the 2015 season were all the appearances made by Finnigan for Hunslet as the club were relegated from the Championship to League 1. They also appeared twice for Hemel Stags on loan scoring two tries.
Keighley Cougars
Finigan signed for Keighley in October 2015. Scoring 9 tries in 13 games during the 2016 season, they extended their contract for 2017 but was released towards the end of the 2017 season.
References
1989 births
Living people
Batley Bulldogs players
Bradford Bulls players
Dewsbury Rams players
English people of Irish descent
English rugby league players
Hemel Stags players
Hunslet R.L.F.C. players
Keighley Cougars players
London Skolars players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league players from Oldham
Rugby league wingers
Sheffield Eagles players
Lieutenant General Sir John Jarvis Bisset KCMG, CB (25 December 1819 – 25 March 1894) was a British Army officer who became colonel of the 106th Regiment of Foot.
Military career
Bisset arrived in South Africa as a child in 1820 and, having been commissioned as an ensign in the Cape Mounted Riflemen in 1835, fought in the 6th, 7th and 8th Frontier wars. They became Commanding officer of their regiment and went on to be acting Governor of Natal in 1865. They also became colonel of the 106th Regiment of Foot.
References
Governors of Natal
British Army lieutenant generals
106th Regiment of Foot officers
1819 births
1894 deaths
Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Eric Peters may refer to:
Eric Peters (rugby union) (born 1969), Scottish former amateur and professional rugby union player
Eric Peters (painter) (born 1952), German painter
Eric Peters (musician) (born 1972), American musician
Eric Peters (archer) (born 1997), Canadian archer
The 2009 Dr Pepper Big 12 Championship Game was held on December 5, 2009 at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas. The divisional winners from the Big 12 Conference squared off in the 14th edition of the game. The Texas Longhorns represented the South Division and the Nebraska Cornhuskers represented the North. Texas won 13–12 on a last second field goal by placekicker Hunter Lawrence.
On the play immediately prior to Lawrence's field goal, as the game clock ticked down Texas quarterback Colt McCoy rolled far to the right, with Nebraska's Ndamukong Suh in hot pursuit, and threw a pass well downfield and out of bounds. The game clock ran out, which would have ended the game, with Nebraska appearing to win 12–10. However, pursuant to Rule 12-3-6, the video replay official determined that an "egregious", and therefore reviewable, error concerning the game clock had occurred and ordered the errantly elapsed one second be returned to the clock. The ESPN/ABC video feed showed that McCoy's pass hit a stadium railing out of bounds with :01 left, allowing Texas to kick the winning field goal to advance to the BCS title game. This controversy has led to the game being called by some followers as One Second Left. After the game, Nebraska coach Bo Pelini said that the 1 second rule was part of a BCS conspiracy.
The game was the third championship tilt between the Cornhuskers and Longhorns. Unranked Texas upset #3 Nebraska 37–27 in 1996 in St. Louis, Missouri, while #2 Nebraska beat #12 Texas 22–6 in 1999 in San Antonio, Texas. Texas is now 3–2 in the conference title game; Nebraska fell to 2–3. Texas is second in Big 12 Championship titles to Oklahoma, who own 14 conference titles.
Per Big 12 policy, Nebraska was declared the home team because the game took place in a home state of four Big 12 South teams. Designated "home" teams are 9–5 in Big 12 Championship Games. The South Division has won 6 years in a row and is 10–4 overall.
Selection process
The Big 12 Championship Game matched up the winner of the North and South divisions of the Big 12 Conference. The game was first played in 1996, when the conference was assembled to include all of the teams from the Big Eight Conference as well as four teams that had formerly been members of the Southwest Conference. The championship game was modeled on the SEC format, which was the first conference in college football to have a conference championship game.
References
Big 12 Championship Game
Big 12 Championship
Nebraska Cornhuskers football games
Texas Longhorns football games
Big 12 Championship Game
Big 12 Championship Game
American football in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex
College football controversies
Margaret Major Cleaves (born February 13, 1946) is popular writer of over 45 romance novels since 1980 as their real name and under the pseudonym Ann Major.
 They are a founding member of the Romance Writers of America and the co-author of the article "The Contemporary Light Romance" which has been collected in the book Writing and Selling the Romance Novel.
Biography
Margaret Major was born February 13, 1946, in Texas, United States.
Major attended Del Mar College, the University of the Americas in Mexico City, and the University of Texas at Austin from which they received a B.A. in English and Spanish. They taught school for two years before going on to receive their M.A. in English and Spanish from Texas A & I University. They have studied music at the university level and speaks fluent in three languages: English, Spanish and French. Major married and they began writing after their first child was born. They sold their first novel six years later.
 They are a founding board member of the Romance Writers of America and the co-author of the article "The Contemporary Light Romance" which has been collected in the book Writing and Selling the Romance Novel. They live with their husband in Corpus Christi, Texas.
Bibliography
As Margaret Major Cleaves
Single novels
Midnight Surrender (1980)
Wild Enough for Willa (1980)*
Wild Lady (1981)*
A Touch of Fire (1982)*
Dream Come True: Florida (1982)*
Meant to be (1982)*
Love Me Again (1983)*
Seize the Moment (1984)*
The Wrong Man (1984)*
Golden Man (1985)*
Reedited as Ann Major*
As Ann Major
Single novels
Brand of Diamonds (1983)
Dazzle (1985)
Beyond Love (1985)
In Every Stranger's Face (1986)
What This Passion Means (1987)
The Fairy Tale Girl (1987)
A Knight in Tarnished Armor (1991)
Married to the Enemy (1992)
The Accidental Bridegroom (1994)
A Cowboy Christmas (1995)
The Accidental Bodyguard (1996)
Love Me True (1999)
Inseparable (1999)
Midnight Fantasy (2000)
Cowboy Fantasy (2001)
A Cowboy and a Gentleman (2002)
Marry a Man Who Will Dance (2002)
The Hot Ladies Murder Club (2003)
The Secret Lives Of Doctors' Wives (2006)
The Amalfi Bride (2007)
Sold Into Marriage (2007)
Wild Series
Wild Honey (1993)
Wild Midnight (1993)
Wild Innocence (1994)
Children of Destiny Series
Passion's Child (1988)
Destiny's Child (1988)
Night Child (1988)
Wilderness Child (1989)
Scandal's Child (1990)
The Goodbye Child (1991)
Nobody's Child (1997)
Secret Child (1998)
The Girls with the Golden Love Series
The Girl with the Golden Spurs (2004)
The Girl with the Golden Gun (2005)
Lone Star Country Club Series Multi-Author
Shameless (2003)
Fortunes of Texas: Reunion Series Multi-Author
Cowboy at Midnight (2005)
Collections
Silhouette Christmas Stories 1990 (1990)
Silhouette Christmas Stories 1992 (1992)
Dazzled! (1999
Getting Hitched Vol. 8: Marriage Diamond Style; Married to the Enemy; The Perfect Husband; I Thee Wed (1999))
Fortunes of Texas / Reunion / Cowboy at Midnight (2006)
Omnibus in collaboration
Wild Lady / Circumstantial Evidence / Island on the Hill (1990) (with Annette Broadrick and Dixie Browning)
Silhouette Summer Sizzlers, 1992 (1992) (with Linda Lael Miller and Paula Detmer Riggs)
Silhouette Summer Sizzlers, 1995 (1995) (with Mary Lynn Baxter and Laura Parker)
A Baby? Maybe (1996) (with Marie Ferrarella and Diana Palmer)
Lessons in Love (1997) (with Terry Essig and Marie Ferrarella)
The Father Factor (1998) (with Debbie Macomber and Diana Palmer)
Montana Brides (1999) (with Susan Mallery and Diana Palmer)
The Man They Married (1999) (with Annette Broadrick and Emma Darcy)
Forget Me Not (2001) (with Marilyn Pappano)
Summer Heat (2001) (with Linda Howard and Lindsay McKenna) (Game of Chance / Midnight Fantasy / Heart of the Warrior)
Made for Love (2002) (with Dixie Browning)
The Debutantes (2002) (with Beverly Barton and Christine Rimmer) (Jenna's Wild Ride / reinventing Mary / frankie's First Dress)
Christmas Cowboys (2002) (with Stella Bagwell)
Winter Nights (2002) (with Rebecca Brandewyne, Ginna Gray and Joan Hohl)
What the Heart Can't Hide (2003) (with Linda Howard and Susan Mallery) (All that glitters / Goodbye Child / Best Bride)
The Perfect Mom (2003) (with Janice Kay Johnson)
The Ultimate Treasure (2003) (with Heather Graham and Merline Lovelace)
Matters of the Heart (2003) (with Annette Broadrick and Pamela Morsi)
A Cowboy and a Gentleman / Beckett's Children (2003) (with Dixie Browning)
The Bride Tamer (2004) (with Kristi Gold)
Small Wonders (2004) (with Candace Camp, Raye Morgan and Dallas Schulze)
The Country Club / The Debutantes (2004) (with Beverly Barton and Christine Rimmer)
Challenged by the Sheikh: Dynasties: The Danforths (2004) (with Kristi Gold)
Bride Tamer / Pretending with the Playboy (2004) (with Cathleen Galitz)
Shameless / Desperado Dad (2004) (with Linda Conrad)
The Bride Tamer / Standing Outside the Fire (2005) (with Sara Orwig)
Secret Admirer (2005) (with Christine Rimmer and Karen Rose Smith)
Men Made in America Vol 2 (2007) (with Judith Arnold, Elizabeth August, Dallas Schulze and Rita Herron)
Men Made in America Vol 8 (2007) (with Patricia Coughlin, Kelsey Roberts, Curtiss Ann Matlock and Paula Detmer Riggs)
References and sources
Ann Major's Official Website
Ann Major's Webpage in Harlequin Enterprises Ltd
External links
Ann Major's Webpage in Fantastic Fiction's Website
Ann Major´s Spanish ebook: Deseo
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American romantic fiction writers
1946 births
Living people
American women novelists
Women romantic fiction writers
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women writers
Thrall is an unincorporated community in Kittitas County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
History
A post office called Thrall was established in 1911, and remained in operation until 1915. The community bears the name of a railroad worker.
References
Unincorporated communities in Kittitas County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
The Dubna 48K (Дубна 48К) is a Soviet clone of the ZX Spectrum home computer. It was based on an analogue of the Zilog Z80 microprocessor. Its name comes from Dubna, a town near Moscow where it was produced, and "48K" stands for 48 KBs of RAM.
Overview
According to the manual, this computer was intended for:
studying the principles of PC operation
various kinds of calculations
"intellectual games"
By the time this computer was released (1991), there were already much more powerful x86 CPUs and commercially available advanced operating systems, such as Unix, DOS and Windows. The Dubna 48K had only a built-in BASIC interpreter, and loaded its programs from a cassette recorder, so it couldn't run any of the modern operating systems. However, the Dubna 48K and many other Z80 clones, though outdated by that time, were introduced in high schools of the Soviet Union. Many of the games for the Z80-based machine were ported from games already available for Nintendo's 8-bit game console, marketed in Russia under the brand Dendy.
Included items
The Dubna 48K was shipped with the following units:
Main unit ("data processing unit", as stated on its back side), with mainboard and built-in keyboard
External power unit
Video adapter for connecting the computer to the TV set
BASIC programming manual
Reference book, including complete schematic circuit
Additionally, there were some optional items:
Joystick
32 cm (12") colour monitor
The computer could also connect to a ZX Microdrive, but such device was never included.
Technical details
CPU: 8-bit MME 80A, 1.875 MHz running at half speed of the original ZX Spectrum
RAM: 48 KB (16× КР565РУ5Г chips, see picture 4)
ROM: 16 KB (2× К573РФ4А, picture 3, two white chips in the middle)
Resolution: 192×256 pixels, or 24 rows of 32 characters each
Number of colours: 8 colours in either normal or bright mode, which gives 15 shades (black is the same in both modes)
Power unit: 5V, 1.7 A
Dimensions of main unit: 47×320×240 mm
In culture
A device named Dubna 48K is referenced in the American film Jason Bourne (2016). In the film, rogue agent Nicky Parsons uses a "palm-sized authentication device" named Dubna 48K to get connected to the mainframe computer of the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). Parsons downloads all the files on the Agency's black operations. The Agency later finds out that the Dubna 48K unit was reportedly destroyed back in 1993, and its access to the mainframe was never revoked. The Agency did not know that it had actually survived its reported destruction. The film does not explain how a device from the 1990s could be still compatible with a mainframe computer of the 2010s. The film also does not point out that the real Dubna 48K was a Soviet home computer which was primarily used to play ports of video games. The video games available to the real Dubna 48K were released by Nintendo and were products of the third generation of video game consoles (8-bit era).
See also
References
Computer-related introductions in 1991
ZX Spectrum clones
Soviet Union–United Kingdom relations
Z80-based home computers
Soviet computer systems
Musluklar is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. In 2010 it had a population of 378.
References
Villages in Bolu District
The Child Welfare League of Canada, also referred to as Ligue pour le bien-être de l'enfance du Canada, is a national, membership-based organization dedicated to promoting the safety and well-being of children and their families, especially those who are vulnerable or marginalized. The League aspires for all children to thrive, to know that they are loved, and to have a sense of belonging.
Established in 1994, the League is a national, membership-based charitable organization dedicated to promoting the safety and well-being of young people and their families, especially those who are vulnerable and marginalized.
Organization and structure
The Child Welfare League of Canada is a national organization with membership in all provinces and territories, including representation at the federal level. Member organizations include provincial/territorial ministries of child and family services, child and family service agencies, Indigenous organizations, health and social services, youth services and federal government departments.
Membership and the services of the Child Welfare League of Canada are open and accessible to organizations and persons of all cultures, ethnic origins and social classes. The organization provides services, publications and information in both of Canada's official languages.
History
Many years before the Child Welfare League of Canada was founded, Canadians working in the field of child and youth services were active in the Child Welfare League of America, the oldest and largest North American organization devoted to the well-being of children. Canadian agencies and government departments have been members of the Child Welfare League of America since the late 1920s.
In the mid-1980s, a number of Canadian members asked the Child Welfare League of America to provide stronger membership services in Canada, and as a result, they hired a Canadian consultant to provide membership support and to conduct a needs assessment.
Two priorities emerged: first, the need for a Canadian public policy symposium and, second, the need to explore the potential for a stronger, more permanent presence in Canada, possibly with a Canadian office.
Working in partnership with the Canadian Council on Children and Youth and the Canadian Child Welfare Association, Canadian members of the Child Welfare League of America hosted a major public policy symposium on children's issues. The Child Welfare League of America provided the secretariat function and seed funding during the planning phase and coordinated the symposium, called "Canada's Children: The Priority for the '90s", which was held in Ottawa in October 1991.
The symposium was a catalyst for more action at the national level through continuing alliances and follow-up with federal politicians and the Federation of Canadian Municipalities. As a result of the conference, several provincial coalitions developed, which today continue to work on behalf of children and youth.
A Canadian office of the Child Welfare League of America opened in Ottawa in January 1992. It was able to respond to the need for a stronger emphasis on public policy and advocacy – functions that could not be handled by a headquarters in the U.S.
In May 1992, Canada members set up a National Steering Committee, chaired by Monsignor William Irwin of Edmonton Catholic Social Services, to shape a Canadian organization. The goal was to provide member support not available from existing Canadian organizations and to work with other organizations to prevent duplication of effort.
The National Steering Committee recommended the establishment of the Child Welfare League of Canada, which would continue its affiliation with its American counterpart to ensure Canadian members had access to certain services and publications. The American organization agreed to provide financial support for the Canadian organization for three years. The Child Welfare League of Canada was incorporated on April 21, 1994.
From 2000 to 2013, the organization established and presented an annual Child Welfare League of Canada Achievement Award.
In 2004, the Child Welfare League of Canada supported the anti-spanking campaign launched by the Canadian Foundation for Children, Youth and the Law v Canada (AG).
In 2014, the organization published a report on the state of foster care in Canada.
In April 2019, the League celebrated 25 years of promoting the safety and well-being of young people and their families.
In 2019, the organization created and launched a Learning Community on Reconciliation. The Community is composed of over 30 organizations from coast to coast, with a cross-cutting focus in child welfare, housing, health and youth justice. First convened in October 2019, the Community is rallying with the understanding that implementation of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission's (TRC's) Calls to Action is happening at a slow pace. If reconciliation in Canada is to advance, non-Indigenous people must make strides in contributing meaningful work. With this purpose in mind, the League's initiative is creating opportunities for mainstream child, youth and family serving organizations to:
1. Strengthen their ability to work creatively, respectfully and collaboratively with First Nations, Inuit, and Métis peoples.
2. Reflect on their practice, learn from peers and experts, and prototype and evaluate reconciliation initiatives.
3. Operationalize the TRC's Calls to Action and the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) in their organization.
In 2020, the League actively supported a moratorium on youth in care aging out of support services during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Working alongside McGill University's Centre for Research on Children and Families, the Canadian Foster Families Association and Youth in Care Canada, the League planned the Close Ties conference (originally slated for June 2020 in Montreal). Cutting across CWLC's top three strategic priorities, the multi-day event was set to profile initiatives that help children and youth in care to thrive, through a focus on significant relationships and a sense of belonging to family, community and culture. The programming centred on marginalized populations, including First Nations, Inuit and Métis children and families, migrant children, 2SLGBTQ+ youth, children with disabilities and youth transitioning out of care. The event was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In lieu of an in-person gathering, the organizing team has developed an online learning program, launching in September 2020. The eight-month program will provide a meaningful lens into the Close Ties conference content, delivered via an inspiring series of webinar presentations and journal publications. The League is also planning to make a version of the youth program available for youth in care networks in Canada in 2021.
The League also supports anti-poverty initiatives.
References
Children's rights organizations
Youth organizations based in Canada
Child-related organizations in Canada
1994 establishments in Canada
Non-profit organizations based in Ottawa
The vice-president of the Republic of Mauritius () is the second-highest office of the Republic of Mauritius, after the president. Because Mauritius is a parliamentary republic, the vice-president functions as a ceremonial figurehead, elected by the National Assembly, as set out by the Constitution of Mauritius.
Overview
In the event of the death, resignation or removal of the president, the vice-president ascends to the presidency, which they or they hold as acting president. The vice-president nevertheless cannot succeed to the presidency in case of dismissal, resignation or death of the head of state but they can be nominated by the parliament to succeed to the president and if elected, their term will start for a full mandate of five years.
List of vice-presidents
A list of vice-presidents, since Mauritius became a republic on 12 March 1992.
See also
President of Mauritius
Prime Minister of Mauritius
Deputy Prime Minister of Mauritius
Vice Prime Minister of Mauritius
Government of Mauritius
Governor of Mauritius
References
Lists of political office-holders in Mauritius
1992 establishments in Mauritius
cgs or centimetre–gram–second is a system of physical units.
CGS may also refer to:
Caistor Grammar School
Canwest Global Communications Corp.'s TSX symbol
CGS Aviation, an American manufacturer of ultralight aircraft
C.G.S. colony, housing for government workers in Mumbai, India
Canadian Government Ship, a ship prefix
Center for Genetics and Society, US
Central Geological Survey, Taiwan
Championship Gaming Series, an international eSports league
Chief of the General Staff, a senior army appointment in several countries
China Geological Survey
Council of Graduate Schools
Crescent Girls' School
CUSIP Global Services, the operating body of CUSIP
See also
CGS (schools) with initials CGS, some known by the initials
Echálaz is a locality located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 4.
Geography
Echálaz is located 13km east-northeast of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
The Pingdu Campaign (平度战役) was a 1945 campaign fought between the communists and the former nationalists turned Japanese puppet regime force who rejoined the nationalists after World War II. The battle was one of the Chinese Civil War in the immediate post World War II era, and resulted in victory for the Chinese Communist Party.
Prelude
Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, this conflict also was rooted in the fact that Chiang Kai-shek had realized that their nationalist regime simply had neither sufficient troops nor enough transportation assets to deploy their troops into the Japanese-occupied regions of China. Unwilling to let the communists who had already dominated most of the rural regions in China to further expand their territories by accepting the Japanese surrender and thus would consequently control the Japanese occupied regions, Chiang Kai-shek ordered the Japanese and their turncoat Chinese puppet regime not to surrender to the communists and kept their fighting capabilities to "maintain order" in the Japanese occupied regions, fighting off the communists as necessary, until the final arrivals and completion of the deployment of the nationalist troops. As a result, most members of the Japanese puppet regimes and their military forces rejoined the nationalists.
However, most of these former nationalists turned Japanese puppet regime forces were not from Chiang Kai-shek's own clique, but instead, they mainly consisted of troops of warlords who were only nominally serving under Chiang Kai-shek before World War II, since they were nationalists in name only and mostly maintained their independent and semi-independent status. These warlords were only interested in keeping their own power and defected to the Japanese side when Japanese invaders offered to let them keep their power in exchange for their collaboration. After World War II, these forces of former Japanese puppet regimes once again returned to the nationalist camp for the same reason they defected to the Japanese invaders. Obviously, it was difficult for Chiang to immediately get rid of these warlords for good as soon as they surrendered to Chiang and rejoined nationalists, because such a move would alienate other factions within the nationalist ranks, and these former Japanese puppet regime's warlords could still help the nationalists gain more territories by holding on to what was under their control until Chiang completed the deployment of their own troops to take over. Chiang Kai-shek's objective was to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together, which proved to be an extremely fatal mistake for them and their nationalist regime later on, as shown in this conflict.
Nationalist strategy
In accordance with their strategy to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together, Chiang Kai-shek and their followers had hoped that these former Japanese puppet regime's warlords who rejoined the nationalists would be able to hold on to the regions long enough for Chiang to deploy their own troops by holding off communists. If the communists were victorious in such conflicts, however, the result would still benefit to Chiang and China because the power of these warlords would be reduced as their military forces were smashed by the communists, and the warlord problem plagued China for so long could thus be greatly reduced, while at the same time, communists would be weakened by the fights and Chiang's own troops would have easier time to take control.
For the former nationalist turned Japanese puppet regime forces, these warlords and their troops had no problem of following Chiang Kai-shek's orders, and they were eager to prove themselves. These warlords and their troops were well aware that due to the collaboration with the Japanese invaders during the Second Sino-Japanese War, they were well hated by the general population in China, including those nationalists who refused to surrender to the enemy and fought the enemy until the eventual victory. Therefore, in the impending demilitarization after World War II, they were certainly be disarmed and discharged, which would probably be the best outcome and the power of this warlord would be reduced or even eliminated as a result. Chiang Kai-shek's ordering them not surrendering to the communists and fighting off the communists was a savior for them because by carrying out such orders, these warlords and their troops could legitimize themselves and thus retain their power by fighting the communists who were targeted as rebels by Chiang Kai-shek and their nationalist regime.
Communist Strategy
The communist strategy was much simpler than that of the nationalists because there was not any huge division within the communist rank like that of the nationalist. The communists already earned considerable popular support by being the only Chinese force left in the region fighting the Japanese invaders and their puppet regime after the nationalist withdrew, and after successfully establishing communist bases in the rural regions where better life was provided to the general populace in comparison to that of Japanese occupied regions, the general Chinese populace agreed that the communists were well deserved to represent the China to accept the invaders' surrender in the region and takeover the regions occupied by the invaders.
Campaign
In, 1945, the communists decided to take Pingdu City by force after the local defenders consisted of former nationalists turned Japanese puppet regime force who rejoined the nationalists after World War II refused to surrender. In early September 1945, communists gathered in the region of Seven Miles River (Qilihezi, 七里河子) to the north of the city, and 13th Regiment of 5th Division of the communist Shandong Military Region, a battalion of the communist 6th Division, and the communist 5th Garrison Brigade were grouped into two attack waves for the upcoming assault on the city. The numerical superior nationalist defending force totaling over six thousands with an additional six hundred Japanese troops were not worried, which consequently cost them the battle.
At 8:30 PM on 7 September 1945, the battle begun when the communists launched a pincer assault from both the east and the west, and soon the eastern and western passes fell into the enemy hands. In the early morning of 8 September 1945, Japanese troops fled the city to Gaomi (高密), and the nationalists fought on until 7:00 AM when the city finally fell. The communists succeeded in capturing over four thousand rifles, nearly a hundred machine guns, six mortars, sixteen infantry artilleries, over a hundred twelve thousand rounds of ammunitions and over a hundred fifty war horses.
Outcome
Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, this conflict also showed that Chiang Kai-shek's attempt to simultaneously solve the warlord problem that had plagued China for so long and the problem of the extermination of communism together proved to be a fatal mistake. Although the result of the campaign turned out exactly like Chiang Kai-shek and their subordinates had predicted, and consequently the power of the warlords in this region was indeed reduced as their military forces were smashed by the communists, so that the warlord problem plagued China for so long was thus reduced for this particular region, and Chiang Kai-shek's secondary objective was achieved here, any positive gains obtained by the nationalists were negated by the politic fallout. The reason was that this success of achieving the secondary objective came at a huge cost in nationalists' loss of popular support in this region formerly dominated by the Japanese, because the local population had already blamed nationalists for losing the regions to the Japanese invaders, while reassigning these former Japanese puppet regime forces as the nationalist forces to fight the communists, the only Chinese force left in the regions, only further alienated the local populace and strengthened the popular resentment to Chiang Kai-shek and their nationalist regime.
The communists did not have the dilemmas faced by the nationalists and enjoyed popular support, and thus was able to easily overwhelm their nationalist adversary, and thus achieving victory without much difficulty. Like other similar clashes immediately after the end of World War II between the communists and the nationalists in China, the political gain was much greater than the military one for the communists as result of this battle.
See also
List of Battles of Chinese Civil War
National Revolutionary Army
History of the People's Liberation Army
References
Zhu, Zongzhen and Wang, Chaoguang, Liberation War History, 1st Edition, Social Scientific Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 2000, (set)
Zhang, Ping, History of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Youth Publishing House in Beijing, 1987, (pbk.)
Jie, Lifu, Records of the Liberation War: The Decisive Battle of Two Kinds of Fates, 1st Edition, Hebei People's Publishing House in Shijiazhuang, 1990, (set)
Literary and Historical Research Committee of the Anhui Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, Liberation War, 1st Edition, Anhui People's Publishing House in Hefei, 1987,
Li, Zuomin, Heroic Division and Iron Horse: Records of the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Chinese Communist Party History Publishing House in Beijing, 2004,
Wang, Xingsheng, and Zhang, Jingshan, Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, People's Liberation Army Literature and Art Publishing House in Beijing, 2001, (set)
Huang, Youlan, History of the Chinese People's Liberation War, 1st Edition, Archives Publishing House in Beijing, 1992,
Liu Wusheng, From Yan'an to Beijing: A Collection of Military Records and Research Publications of Important Campaigns in the Liberation War, 1st Edition, Central Literary Publishing House in Beijing, 1993,
Tang, Yilu and Bi, Jianzhong, History of Chinese People's Liberation Army in Chinese Liberation War, 1st Edition, Military Scientific Publishing House in Beijing, 1993–1997, (Volum 1), 7800219615 (Volum 2), 7800219631 (Volum 3), 7801370937 (Volum 4), and 7801370953 (Volum 5)
Campaigns of the Chinese Civil War
1945 in China
Magen David Synagogue may refer to:
Magen David Synagogue (Brooklyn), New York, U.S.
Magen David Synagogue (Byculla), India
Magen David Synagogue (Kolkata), India
Galina Alexeyevna Kulakova (, born 29 April 1942) is a Soviet former cross-country skier, arguably the best skier on distances shorter than 10 km in the early 1970s. They won four Olympic golds, two individual in 1972 and two relay golds in 1972 and 1976. They were the most successful athlete at the 1972 Winter Olympics, along with Ard Schenk of the Netherlands. Competing in the World Championships, they won three individual golds, two in 1974 and one in 1970, and also two relay golds in those years. Kulakova also won the 10 km event at the Holmenkollen ski festival in 1970 and 1979. Galina Kulakova was also 39 times Champion of the USSR between 1969 and 1981.
For their achievements they were awarded Order of Lenin and Badge of Honor. They were also awarded the silver Olympic Order in 1984 by the International Olympic Committee President Juan Antonio Samaranch. Galina Kulakova ended their sports career in 1982.
Drug controversy
At the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, Kulakova finished third in the 5 km event, but was disqualified due to a positive test for banned substance ephedrine. They claimed that this was a result of using the nasal spray that contained the substance. Both the International Ski Federation and the International Olympic Committee allowed them to compete in the 10 km and the 4 × 5 km relay.
Cross-country skiing results
All results are sourced from the International Ski Federation (FIS).
Olympic Games
8 medals – (4 gold, 2 silver, 2 bronze)
World Championships
10 medals – (5 gold, 3 silver, 2 bronze)
World Cup
Season standings
Team podiums
1 podium
Note: Until the 1999 World Championships, World Championship races were included in the World Cup scoring system.
See also
List of multiple Olympic gold medalists
List of multiple Winter Olympic medalists
References
External links
Holmenkollen winners since 1892 – click Vinnere for downloadable pdf file
1942 births
Living people
People from Votkinsky District
Cross-country skiers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Doping cases in cross-country skiing
Holmenkollen Ski Festival winners
Olympic cross-country skiers of the Soviet Union
Olympic gold medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic silver medalists for the Soviet Union
Olympic bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Russian female cross-country skiers
Russian sportspeople in doping cases
Soviet female cross-country skiers
Olympic medalists in cross-country skiing
Recipients of the Olympic Order
Competitors stripped of Winter Olympics medals
FIS Nordic World Ski Championships medalists in cross-country skiing
Medalists at the 1976 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1980 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Udmurtia
Daywalker may refer to:
Characters
A designation for Marvel Comics characters Blade and Drake (Dracula)
Blade (New Line Blade franchise character)
Blade (Marvel Cinematic Universe)
A designation for vampires or half vampires who are not vulnerable to sunlight:
Vampire Princess Miyu
Hazuki, main character in the Japanese anime and manga series Tsukuyomi: Moon Phase
Vampires in the Japanese light novel, anime and manga series High School DxD
Music
A stage name, along with Gary D., of German producer and DJ Gerald Malke (born 1964)
"Daywalker", a song from the album Chasm by Delta-S
"Daywalker", a song from the album Fire at Zero Gravity by 40 Below Summer
"Daywalkers", a song from the album Crimson Cord by Propaganda
"Daywalkers", a track from the soundtrack album Trinity
"DayWalker", a song by Machine Gun Kelly featuring Corpse Husband
Nickname
Nickname of Peggy Morgan (born 1979), American mixed martial artist
Other Uses
"The Daywalker", a comedy series by Trevor Noah
A name for people with red hair who don't have pale skin and freckles, used in the South Park episode "Ginger Kids"
See also
Margie Day (1926–2014), American singer also known as Day Walker
Barleux () is a commune in the Somme department in Hauts-de-France in northern France.
Geography
Situated from the A1 autoroute, at the junction of the D79 and D148 roads, about halfway between Amiens and Saint-Quentin.
Population
See also
Communes of the Somme department
References
Communes of Somme (department)
The second season of the American television series Tough as Nails premiered on CBS on February 10, 2021, and concluded on April 14, 2021. The season was won by construction superintendent Scott Henry, with lineman Cyril "Zeus" Ontai III finishing second, and pipe welder Sarah Burkett placing third.
Cast
Notes
Future appearances
Patrick "Freight Train" Hargan appeared on the third season during a package delivery challenge in the third episode.
Cast progress
The contestant won Tough as Nails.
The contestant was declared the first runner-up.
The contestant was declared the second runner-up.
The contestant placed the highest in the individual competition and won the challenge.
The contestant placed the second highest in the individual competition and was ultimately declared safe.
The contestant was safe from elimination.
The contestant placed the second lowest in the individual competition but was ultimately declared safe.
The contestant placed the lowest in the individual competition and competed in the overtime challenge but ultimately survived.
The contestant was the loser of the overtime challenge and was eliminated from the individual competition.
The contestant was disqualified from the competition due to breaking the show's rules.
Notes
Team progress
Won the team challenge.
Lost the team challenge.
Notes
Production
On August 12, 2020, CBS announced the series was renewed for a second season. Filming took place during fall 2020 with COVID-19 protocols being adapted. On December 8, 2020, it was announced that the season would premiere on February 10, 2021.
Episodes
References
2021 American television seasons
Television series impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic
Jaurés Lamarque Pons (Salto, 6 May 1917 - Montevideo, 11 June 1982) was an Uruguayan composer and pianist. They composed, often milongas and film music, while performing. From 1940 they were pianist at the Café Tabarís in the orquesta típica of Luis Caruso. Among works known outside Latin America their concerto for classical guitar was recorded for Decca by fellow Uruguayan Eduardo Fernández.
References
Uruguayan composers
Male composers
Uruguayan pianists
Male pianists
Uruguayan male musicians
1917 births
1982 deaths
People from Salto, Uruguay
20th-century composers
20th-century pianists
20th-century male musicians
{{Infobox officeholder
| name = Eugenio Daza
| data1 = Roman Catholicism
| title = Member of the Philippine Assembly from Samar's 3rd district
| successor = Eladio Cinco
| termend = 1909
| termstart = 1907
| predecessor = Position established
| serviceyears = 1896–1902
| profession = Educator Military Leader Politician
| rank = Comandante (Major)
| branch = Philippine Revolutionary Army
| blank1 = Religion
| battles = {{hidden
|See battles|Philippine Revolution Philippine–American WarBattle of Balangiga|-|headerstyle=background:#dbdbdb
|style=text-align:center;}}
| honorific_prefix = Don
| allegiance = Katipunan
| children = 7
| spouse = Carolina Cinco
| party = Nacionalista
| nationality = Filipino
| death_place = Calamba, Laguna, Philippines
| death_date =
| birth_place = Borongan, Samar, Spanish Empire
| birth_date =
| birth_name = Eugenio Daza y Salazar
| commands = Southeastern Samar
| nickname = Utak (Brain)
| alma_mater = Escuela Normal de Maestros, Manila
| image = Don Eugenio Daza.png
| caption = First Philippine Assembly Portrait circa 1907
}}
Don Eugenio Daza y Salazar (November 15, 1870 – December 16, 1954) a principale (nobleman) of Samar is recognized by the National Commission for Culture and the Arts (NCCA) as the first maestro (teacher) in Samar. Daza was both an infantry major and procurement officer in the Philippine Republican Army during the Philippine-American War. They were area commander of General Lukbán's forces for Southeastern Samar and overall commander and tactician of the Battle of Balangiga.
After the war, they helped establish peace and order in Samar, in the transition to American governance. They were the member of congress and Representative of Samar's 3rd District to the First Philippine Legislature. Daza was a leader in the Pulahan Campaign and their success is credited to having led to the overall victory of the campaign. Daza was one of the earliest advocates for the return of the Balangiga Bells. Their 1935 memoir on the Balangiga Encounter aided in their eventual return.
Early life
Daza was born November 15, 1870, in Borongan, Eastern Samar, to business person Juan Cinco Daza and their wife, Doña Magdalena Campomanes Salazar. Daza had one younger brother named Inigo. Through Doña Magdalena's family, the Salazar's, Daza was a member of the Principalía (nobility) of Samar, giving them the title of Don. Daza earned a degree in education in 1888, at the Jesuit Escuela Normal de Maestros in Manila. They married Carolina Cinco, of Catbalogan, Samar, and later fathered seven children with them In 1895, they established their school under Spanish administration in Borongan, becoming the first maestro (teacher) in Samar.
Military career
Philippine Revolution
The Philippine Revolution against Spain began in August 1896. Just three months after the birth of Gabriel Daza, their first son, Daza, left Borongan for Catbalogan and joined the Katipunan (Revolutionaries) as an infantry officer of both the Visayan Command Group and Samar Command Group.
In 1898, the Spanish-American War overwhelmed Spain, allowing the Philippine Revolutionary Army to push out Spain and reconquer all but Manila, which was occupied by the Americans. Having defeated Spain, Aguinaldo issued the Philippine Declaration of Independence. However, six months later, in the 1898 Treaty of Paris, Spain ceded the Philippines to the United States. After two months, the Philippine-American War began.
Philippine-American War
In the Philippine-American War, Daza held the rank of Capitán de Infanteria (infantry captain). General Lukbán gave them command of their home region of Southeastern Samar. In addition to being an infantry officer, Daza was in charge of military administration in the region and oversaw the collection of taxes, food supplies, arms, and ammunition.
During the Philippine-American war, Daza's family moved to Catbalogan. Meanwhile, Daza hid in the mountains, and their wife Carolina Cinco would send rice to him. The Americans attempted to locate Daza by interrogating Carolina. During one of the interrogations, the Americans wanted to conduct a physical examination. They claimed it was to determine whether Carolina was pregnant, proving they were keeping contact with Daza. Carolina was able to resist the examination.
Battle of Balangiga
Daza is noted to have been the commander and tactician of the Battle of Balangiga along with Captain Valeriano Abanador.
On September 28, 1901, Philippine forces organized into seven companies outside Balangiga. The first company was under the command of Daza and Pedro Abayan. The battle was a Philippine victory and regarded as one of the largest American defeats in history. 54 of the 74 American soldiers of Company C 9th Infantry Regiment were killed; 18 were wounded. The battle was taken as an embarrassment and resulted in a brutal American retaliation. General Jacob H. Smith issued an infamous Kill and Burn order to "Kill Everyone Over Ten" the order was carried out in the March across Samar.
After the battle, Daza was promoted to Comandante (major) and given the nickname “Utak ng Paslangang Balangiga”—shortened to "Utak"— meaning "Brain of the Battle of Balangiga" or "Brain." American newspapers noted that 4 African-Americans and 2 white Americans defected to join Daza's ranks after the battle.
Surrender
On April 26, 1902, Gen. Claro Guevarra, who took command of Samar following General Lukbán's capture, surrendered Samar to Major-General Frederick D.Grant; General Smith was also present.
On April 27, 1902, Daza and the Balangiga contingent were the last to arrive for the formal surrender at the Gándara river mouth in Catbalogan. Upon their arrival, the Americans noticed the contingent carried new Krag rifles, filled cartridge boxes, and American hats, raincoats, and boots, likely from their fallen at the Battle of Balangiga. With Daza's contingent's arrival, 745 revolutionaries were present: 66 officers, 236 riflemen and 443 boleros.
Two hours after Daza's arrival, the formal surrender began. Gen. Claro Guevarra, Daza, and the other officers took the Oath of Allegiance to the United States. During the ceremony, General Smith wrapped Daza with an American flag to "symbolize amnesty and welcome to the fold." Following the surrender Daza was gifted a pistol from MG Grant.
Political career
Restoring Peace to Samar
Major-General Frederick D. Grant, seeing the difficulty in restoring order to Samar, gave Daza, Col. Rafael, and Abuke active roles in securing Samar. They were each given a district where they were responsible for the return of displaced peoples to their communities. They were tasked with encouraging reconstruction, convincing the principales to swear an oath to the U.S. and organizing the local government. The principalía were the noble ruling class of the Philippines. Daza, being part of the principalía himself, was vital in convincing them to comply. With the support of Daza, MG Grant established the provincial government of Samar with municipal governments and representatives from all but one of the towns, in only forty-nine days. A feat that MG Grant writes, considering the challenges, was "a triumph for the Army."
Pulahan Campaign
In 1906, Governor George Curry, the American governor of Samar, appointed Daza and Lt. Col. Narciso Abuke as captains of a citizens' committee in the Samar Philippine Constabulary. Daza oversaw East-Samar and Abuke West-Samar. As captains, they appointed subordinate officers and enlisted men. Many of the men Daza recruited served under them in Balangiga. Daza and Abuke led companies of 100 armed men each. During their time, they captured leaders and bandits of the Pulahan. Daza negotiated with, and arrested, Cipriano "Teducduc" Amango the leader of the Southeastern Samar Pulahan and leader of the Magtaon Attack. Teducduc was formerly a revolutionary under Daza during the Philippine-American War.
In the barrio of Napta-an, Daza and their men encountered a major group of Pulahanes. Daza's victory here is credited as the victory that led to the eventual defeat of the Pulahan in Samar.
First Philippine Legislature
As a founding member of the Nacionalista Party, Daza was elected member of congress by the people of Samar, to represent Samar's 3rd District to the First Philippine Legislature as a member of the Philippine Assembly from 1907–1909.
Daza was a member of the First Independence Congress, which commenced in 1930, and sought Philippine independence from the United States.
On October 6, 1945, President Osmeña appointed Daza Acting Councilor of Borongan, Samar.
Memoir
On December 23, 1935, Daza gave a sworn statement detailing the Balangiga Encounter and the surrounding events, entitled "Balangiga su Historia en la Revolucion el 28 de Septiembre la 1901".
Daza's memoir was used as part of the request for the return of the Balangiga Bells seized by the United States Army following the Encounter. Daza's Memoir ended with:...one of the bells which were rung on that memorable day of the heroic battle, was taken by the Americans to the United States. Could we secure its return? That depends on the patriotism of our leaders and the good will of the American people. The bells were returned on December 11, 2018.
Death
Daza died in Calamba, Laguna on December 16, 1954, at the age of 84. By request, their body was buried in Borongan, Samar, on December 28, 1954. The ceremony was officiated by Cardinal Julio Rosales, who at the time was Archbishop of Cebu.
Personal life
Daza married Carolina Cinco, of Catbalogan, Samar, and later fathered seven children with them Their eldest, Gabriel, founded the Boy Scouts of the Philippines. Their second eldest son, Cirilo, and their youngest Juan followed their military footsteps serving in WWII with Cirilo serving as a Captain and Barracks Commander of Subgroup XIII Group IV under then Brig. Gen. Vicente Lim, and Juan serving as a Guerilla Major in the Counterintelligence Propaganda Corps, in charge of the Hunter Town Units. Cirilo later became a Colonel in the Philippine Army and a member of the Defenders of Bataan. Juan was later promoted to Lt. Colonel in the Philippine Army and became a member of the Board of Directors for the Hunters Veterans Legion in Manila.
Legacy
“Eugenio Daza Day”
Daza's birthday, November 15, is celebrated as Eugenio Daza day, in Eastern Samar. Annually declared by Presidents Corazon Aquino and Fidel Ramos, the day was made permanent by President Joseph Estrada. Originally "Don Eugenio Daza Day", the Don was dropped under President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo.
"Balangiga Encounter Day"
In 1989, "Balangiga Encounter Day" was established as a provincial holiday in Eastern Samar to celebrate the Balangiga Encounter victory.
Armed Forces of the Philippines
On 2 October 1991, AFP Chief General Lisandro Abadia''' issued a general order renaming the home of the 801st Infantry Brigade, 8th Infantry Division, Philippine Army to Camp Maj. Eugenio S. Daza. The camp is in Brgy Fatima, Hinabangan, Samar.
Tributes and memorials
Eugenio S. Daza Monument, Rawis Rd, Borongan.
Eugenio Daza Y Salazar Historical Marker by the NHCP, at the base of their monument.
Eugenio S. Daza Pilot Elementary School, Balud II, Borongan. It was founded in 1916.
Portrayals
In Malvar (in production)
References
1870 births
1954 deaths
People from Borongan
People of the Philippine–American War
Filipino military leaders
Filipino military personnel
Filipino revolutionaries
Members of the Philippine Legislature
Members of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from Samar (province)
Nacionalista Party politicians
People of the Philippine Revolution
Philippine Normal University alumni
19th-century Filipino educators
19th-century Filipino people
History of the Philippines (1898–1946)
Stephens Creek, a tributary of the Willamette River, flows entirely within the city of Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Beginning in the neighborhood of Hillsdale, it runs generally east through residential and commercial neighborhoods as well as patches of forest and parkland to join the Willamette slightly north of the Sellwood Bridge. Its course passes under Interstate 5 and down the canyon followed by Southwest Taylors Ferry Road. Stephens Creek enters the river at Willamette Moorage Park, which is part of a group of natural areas called the South Portland Riverbank. The natural areas include Butterfly Park and Willamette Park as well as the moorage park and other public land parcels.
Stephens Creek Nature Park, a protected area at Southwest Bertha Boulevard and Chestnut Street, is near the creek's headwaters. It provides open space and a plant and animal refuge in an urban setting. Downstream, the Portland Bureau of Environmental Services and its partners completed work in 2008 to improve habitat for endangered fish species such as Chinook salmon that frequent the creek near its mouth.
The Stephens Creek headwaters project was completed in 2007. Through an innovative pilot project called Green Streets, the headwaters basin of Stephens Creek was improved through the use of bioswales, which are specially engineered ditches on the side of the street, receive rain flowing off the asphalt. Rocks and native plants slow the water down. Water is directed to a wetland area acquired as part of the project. This allows rain to seep underground, cleans the water of contaminants, and moderates the water flows in the creek. This was a joint project between the local neighborhood residences and the City of Portland.
See also
List of rivers of Oregon
References
External links
Stephens Creek Stewards
Geography of Portland, Oregon
Rivers of Oregon
Tributaries of the Willamette River
Rivers of Multnomah County, Oregon
The Forstbotanischer Garten Eberswalde (8 hectares) is a botanical garden and arboretum located at Am Zainhammer 5, Eberswalde, Brandenburg, Germany. It is open daily without charge.
The garden was established in 1830 as part of the Royal Prussian Higher Forestry College by Friedrich Wilhelm Leopold Pfeil (1783-1859) with Wilhelm von Humboldt (1767-1835). By 1835 its plant list included more than 600 types of trees. Between 1868 and 1874, under the direction of Bernhard Danckelmann (1831-1901), the garden moved to its current location. It was severely damaged during World War II but restored in subsequent years.
Today the garden contains over 1200 native and exotic trees and shrubs, with major sections including perennial flower beds; a root laboratory; alpine garden; African and East Asian gardens; trial garden; systematic garden; herb garden; and a Salicetum containing 230 types of willow trees. A special feature is the garden's geological trail highlighting representative crystalline sedimentary rocks deposited in this location by ice age glaciers.
See also
List of botanical gardens in Germany
References
Forstbotanischer Garten Eberswalde
Garden map
Unterwegs in Brandenburg article
Wikimapia entry
Eberswalde
Eberswalde, Forstbotanischer Garten
Eberswalde, Forstbotanischer Garten
Eberswalde, Forstbotanischer Garten
Eberswalde University for Sustainable Development
Russell Jaye Boyd (born September 11, 1945) is a Canadian computational and theoretical chemist.  They are Professor Emeritus at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Biography
Early life and education
Russell Jaye Boyd was born in Kelowna, British Columbia, on September 11, 1945. They attended Lester Pearson High School in New Westminster and subsequently enrolled in the Bachelor of Science program at the University of British Columbia. Boyd graduated in 1967 from the University of British Columbia with First-Class Honours in Chemistry and the Lefevre Gold Medal. Upon receiving their PhD in 1971 in Theoretical Chemistry from McGill University, they went to Oxford University as an NRC Postdoctoral Fellow with Charles Coulson at the Mathematical Institute. They returned to Canada as a Killam Postdoctoral Fellow in the Department of Chemistry at UBC from 1973 to 1975.
Career
Boyd joined Dalhousie University in 1975 and rose through the ranks to become a Full Professor in 1985. They served as Chair of the Department of Chemistry from 1992 to 2005 and was named a Killam Professor in 1997. In 2001 they became the seventh Alexander McLeod Professor of Chemistry. The McLeod Chair, one of the oldest named professorships in Canada, was created in 1884. They were awarded the status of Professor Emeritus in 2013. They served as Associate Vice-President Research from 2006 to 2011.
They have published about 290 peer-reviewed papers and review chapters in computational and theoretical chemistry, which have collected over 11,000 citations. In 2007, Boyd co-edited The Quantum Theory of Atoms in Molecules: From Solid State to DNA and Drug Design. They have supervised the research of 25 PhD students, more than 25 postdoctoral fellows and senior visitors, and a comparable number of undergraduate students. Fourteen former members of their group hold academic appointments in Canadian universities and another ten hold similar appointments abroad. They were the Research Director and Principal Investigator of the Atlantic Computational Excellence Network from 2010 to 2014.
Awards and honors
Professor Boyd is the only elected Canadian member of the Scientific Board of the World Association of Theoretical and Computational Chemists (WATOC) and is Chair of the 12th Triennial Congress of WATOC.  They are a Fellow of the Chemical Institute of Canada and received the prestigious 2009 Montreal Medal of the Chemical Institute of Canada in recognition of their distinguished contributions to the profession of chemistry in Canada. Their many professional activities include serving as Editor for Theoretical Chemistry of the Canadian Journal of Chemistry from 1988 to 1998, President of the Canadian Society for Chemistry for 2007-2008, and Chair of The Chemical Institute of Canada for 2012-2013. They were elected to the Bureau of the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry in 2013.
They have served on five committees (two as Chair) of the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council (NSERC) of Canada and numerous national selection committees including the Steacie Prize for Natural Sciences, the Killam Selection Committee of the Canada Council, the Adjudication Committee of the Canada-Fulbright Program, the Canadian Science and Engineering Hall of Fame, and the NSF (USA) Science and Technology Centers Selection Panel.
In light of their extensive achievements and impact on the field of chemistry, there have been two occasions on which a special issue of the Canadian Journal of Chemistry has been published in their honour with contributions from many international research groups.
Publications
Selected Publications: Relative Sizes of the High and Low Spin States of Atoms, R.J. Boyd, Nature 250, 566-567 (1974); A Quantum Mechanical Explanation for Hund's Multiplicity Rule, R.J. Boyd, Nature, 310, 480-481 (1984); Selenium Stories, R.J. Boyd, Nature Chemistry, 3, 570 (2011).
References
1945 births
Living people
Canadian chemists
Dalhousie University faculty
McGill University Faculty of Science alumni
People from Kelowna
University of British Columbia Faculty of Science alumni
The 2011–12 Laredo Bucks season was the 10th season of the Central Hockey League (CHL) franchise in Laredo, Texas.
Off-season
It was announced during the off-season that Serge Dube would be the new head coach replacing Terry Ruskowski.
Regular season
Conference standings
Awards and records
Awards
Milestones
Transactions
The Bucks have been involved in the following transactions during the 2011–12 season.
Roster
Updated September 16, 2011.
See also
2011–12 CHL season
References
L
L
The Colonel Robert A. Smith Monument, located in Hart County, Kentucky, is a monument related to the American Civil War, listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It was built in the memory of Colonel Robert A. Smith and the members of the 10th Mississippi Infantry Regiment who died in the service of the Confederate States of America on September 14, 1862, at the Battle of Munfordville.
Description
The monument is a 25-foot-tall, white Gothic limestone obelisk weighing 35 tons and built in 1884 by Colonel Smith's brother. It is believed that Cleopatra's Needle is the only larger single-stone work in the United States. On private property far from a road, it is just east of CSX railroad tracks, and just south of a bridge across the Green River. A cast iron fence forms a perimeter 250 feet away from the monument. To the east of the monument are six smaller marble monuments each dedicated to a separate Mississippi Regiment—the 7th, 9th, 10th, 29th, and 44th. Soldiers were interred by the monument.
The inscription reads: South 42' west and ninety poles distant is the place of The Sacrifice of Col. Robert A. Smith and their regiment the Tenth Mississippi on Sept. 14, 1862.
History
On September 14, 1862, Edinburgh (Scotland)-born Colonel Smith was ordered to capture a vital bridge during the Battle of Munfordville. After three hours of combat, Confederate losses were 40 dead and 211 wounded. Smith themselves was mortally wounded and in great pain until they died several days later. Members of the Smith family long believed that Smith was ordered to lead the charge by their superior, Brigadier General James R. Chalmers, who felt that Smith would eventually rise in rank and become a threat to their promotion. Chalmers did in fact order the attack on their own initiative. Smith was buried in Jackson, Mississippi.
When Robert Smith's brother James immigrated to America from Glasgow, Scotland, in 1886, they searched for the place brother died. James decided to build a monument to honor their brother, buying the land and spending $4,000 on the monument itself. It was built by Oman & Stewart of Nashville, Tennessee, using limestone quarried from Bowling Green, Kentucky.
On July 17, 1997, it was one of sixty different monuments to the Civil War in Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission.
There is another monument to Colonel Robert A. Smith in Edinburgh, where they were born, in the large Victorian Dean Cemetery. The name and date of the battle on the monument is correct, however the name of the town is misspelled as Mumfordsville instead of Munfordville.
References
Woodsonville, KY Includes color photo of the monument
Civil War Monuments of Kentucky MPS
Confederate States of America monuments and memorials in Kentucky
Buildings and structures in Hart County, Kentucky
Limestone sculptures in Kentucky
Mississippi in the American Civil War
Obelisks in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Hart County, Kentucky
1884 sculptures
1884 establishments in Kentucky
Koksu District (, ) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Balpyk Bi. It is named after the largest river in the area: Koksu River. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Almaty Region
Robert Hartmann (born 8 September 1979) is a German football referee who is based in Wangen im Allgäu. They referee for SV Krugzell of the Bavarian Football Association.
Refereeing career
Hartmann, official for SV Krugzell of the referee group Kempten/Oberallgäu, has been a DFB official since 2005. They made their debut in the 2. Bundesliga in 2007. Hartmann was then appointed as a Bundesliga referee in early 2011. Their debut match was on 19 February 2011 between SC Freiburg and VfL Wolfsburg.
On 19 June 2011 Hartmann officiated the final of the 2010–11 Under 19 Bundesliga in the VfL-Stadion am Elsterweg in Wolfsburg. VfL Wolfsburg won 4–2 against 1. FC Kaiserslautern.
On 17 October 2014, in the 2. Bundesliga matches between VfL Bochum and Darmstadt 98, Hartmann was the first referee in German football to use vanishing spray during a match, which the DFL had introduced.
Personal life
Hartmann has a degree in business administration and lives in Wangen im Allgäu.
References
External links
Profile at dfb.de
Profile at worldfootball.net
1979 births
Living people
German football referees
Presumptive regeneration (also presupposed regeneration) is the idea often associated with Abraham Kuyper that parents should baptize their children based on a presumption of the child's being regenerated.
The 1905 synod of the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands, meeting in Utrecht (Conclusion of Utrecht), declared:
These 1905 "Conclusions of Utrecht" were adopted by the Synod of the Christian Reformed Church in North America in 1908. They were challenged from time to time, given an "official interpretation" by the Synod of 1962, and finally set aside in 1968.
Theologians of the Liberated, Free Reformed, and Netherlands Reformed traditions oppose the doctrine. They charge this doctrine with providing parents and especially young adults with a false ground for the assurance of their salvation. Parents begin to regard their children as saved because they were baptized. Young adults begin to regard themselves as regenerate because they were baptized. Pastors begin to assume that everyone in their church is regenerated. Thus very little of the preaching is directed to unconverted persons and often neglects the necessity of repentance.
These theologians would point to a document like the Westminster Larger Catechism as teaching the true ground for one's assurance of their own salvation.
Question 80: Can true believers be infallibly assured that they are in the estate of grace, and that they shall persevere therein unto salvation?
Answer: Such as truly believe in Christ, and endeavor to walk in all good conscience before him, may, without extraordinary revelation, by faith grounded upon the truth of God's promises, and by the Spirit enabling them to discern in themselves those graces to which the promises of life are made, and bearing witness with their spirits that they are the children of God, be infallibly assured that they are in the estate of grace, and shall persevere therein unto salvation.
Question 81: Are all true believers at all times assured of their present being in the estate of grace, and that they shall be saved?
Answer: Assurance of grace and salvation not being of the essence of faith, true believers may wait long before they obtain it; and, after the enjoyment thereof, may have it weakened and intermitted, through manifold distempers, sins, temptations, and desertions; yet are they never left without such a presence and support of the Spirit of God as keeps them from sinking into utter despair.
Some Netherlands Reformed Church theologians might additionally point to a mystical revelation of God to the soul as providing the true ground for one's assurance. Such is their interpretation, for example, of Romans 8:16.
The Spirit themselves testifies with our spirit that we are God's children. Now if we are children, then we are heirs—heirs of God and co-heirs with Christ, if indeed we share in their sufferings in order that we may also share in their glory.
The term "regeneration" is also affected by subtle shifts in meaning. John Calvin considered regeneration to represent the activity of New Birth - not its completion. While the current usage of the term looks back on New Birth, early on it meant the process of new birth itself, that is that God is working in the life of Their children. Their commentary on John 3 and many of their defenses of infant baptism in the Institutes show this interest not to consider regeneration only as a single event in the believer's life.
References
External links
Spindleworks.com article opposing presumptive regeneration
Apuritansmind.com article in support of presumptive regeneration
Baptism
Calvinist theology
History of Calvinism in the Netherlands
Christian terminology
20th-century Calvinism
The Men's International Professional Tennis Council (MIPTC), also called the Men's Tennis Council (MTC), was a governing body that administered the men's professional Grand Prix tennis circuit. It was founded in 1974 and was made up of representatives of the International Tennis Federation (ITF), the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) and, from 1976 onwards, tournament directors from around the world. Among its main responsibilities were the sanctioning and scheduling of the tournaments that comprise the Grand Prix circuit. Additionally it was responsible for creating a code of conduct for tennis players and its subsequent enforcement via the administration of fines and suspensions.
On 30 August 1988, during the first day of the US Open, the ATP, dissatisfied with their lack of influence on how the sport was managed and marketed, announced its departure from the MIPTC (then renamed to MTC) and the creation of a separate ATP Tour from 1990 onwards. As a result the MIPTC was disbanded in 1989.
References
Tennis organizations
History of tennis
Viktor Franzl (born 27 July 1892, date of death unknown) was an Austrian athlete. They competed in the men's long jump and the men's pole vault at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
1892 births
Year of death missing
Athletes (track and field) at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Austrian male long jumpers
Austrian male pole vaulters
Olympic athletes of Austria
Place of birth missing
In mathematics, a system of equations is considered overdetermined if there are more equations than unknowns. An overdetermined system is almost always inconsistent (it has no solution) when constructed with random coefficients. However, an overdetermined system will have solutions in some cases, for example if some equation occurs several times in the system, or if some equations are linear combinations of the others.
The terminology can be described in terms of the concept of constraint counting. Each unknown can be seen as an available degree of freedom. Each equation introduced into the system can be viewed as a constraint that restricts one degree of freedom.
Therefore, the critical case occurs when the number of equations and the number of free variables are equal. For every variable giving a degree of freedom, there exists a corresponding constraint. The overdetermined case occurs when the system has been overconstrained — that is, when the equations outnumber the unknowns. In contrast, the underdetermined case occurs when the system has been underconstrained — that is, when the number of equations is fewer than the number of unknowns. Such systems usually have an infinite number of solutions.
Systems of equations
An example in two dimensions
Consider the system of 3 equations and 2 unknowns ( and ), which is overdetermined because 3 > 2, and which corresponds to Diagram #1:
There is one solution for each pair of linear equations: for the first and second equations (0.2, −1.4), for the first and third (−2/3, 1/3), and for the second and third (1.5, 2.5). However, there is no solution that satisfies all three simultaneously. Diagrams #2 and 3 show other configurations that are inconsistent because no point is on all of the lines. Systems of this variety are deemed inconsistent.
The only cases where the overdetermined system does in fact have a solution are demonstrated in Diagrams #4, 5, and 6. These exceptions can occur only when the overdetermined system contains enough linearly dependent equations that the number of independent equations does not exceed the number of unknowns. Linear dependence means that some equations can be obtained from linearly combining other equations. For example, Y = X + 1 and 2Y = 2X + 2 are linearly dependent equations because the second one can be obtained by taking twice the first one.
Matrix form
Any system of linear equations can be written as a matrix equation.
The previous system of equations (in Diagram #1) can be written as follows:
Notice that the rows of the coefficient matrix (corresponding to equations) outnumber the columns (corresponding to unknowns), meaning that the system is overdetermined. The rank of this matrix is 2, which corresponds to the number of dependent variables in the system. A linear system is consistent if and only if the coefficient matrix has the same rank as its augmented matrix (the coefficient matrix with an extra column added, that column being the column vector of constants). The augmented matrix has rank 3, so the system is inconsistent. The nullity is 0, which means that the null space contains only the zero vector and thus has no basis.
In linear algebra the concepts of row space, column space and null space are important for determining the properties of matrices. The informal discussion of constraints and degrees of freedom above relates directly to these more formal concepts.
Homogeneous case
The homogeneous case (in which all constant terms are zero) is always consistent (because there is a trivial, all-zero solution). There are two cases, depending on the number of linearly dependent equations: either there is just the trivial solution, or there is the trivial solution plus an infinite set of other solutions.
Consider the system of linear equations: Li = 0 for 1 ≤ i ≤ M, and variables X1, X2, ..., XN, where each Li is a weighted sum of the Xis. Then X1 = X2 = ⋯ = XN = 0 is always a solution. When M < N the system is underdetermined and there are always an infinitude of further solutions. In fact the dimension of the space of solutions is always at least N − M.
For M ≥ N, there may be no solution other than all values being 0. There will be an infinitude of other solutions only when the system of equations has enough dependencies (linearly dependent equations) that the number of independent equations is at most N − 1. But with M ≥ N the number of independent equations could be as high as N, in which case the trivial solution is the only one.
Non-homogeneous case
In systems of linear equations, Li=ci for 1 ≤ i ≤ M, in variables X1, X2, ..., XN the equations are sometimes linearly dependent; in fact the number of linearly independent equations cannot exceed N+1. We have the following possible cases for an overdetermined system with N unknowns and M equations (M>N).
M = N+1 and all M equations are linearly independent. This case yields no solution. Example: x = 1, x = 2.
M > N but only K equations (K < M and K ≤ N+1) are linearly independent. There exist three possible sub-cases of this:
K = N+1. This case yields no solutions. Example: 2x = 2, x = 1, x = 2.
K = N. This case yields either a single solution or no solution, the latter occurring when the coefficient vector of one equation can be replicated by a weighted sum of the coefficient vectors of the other equations but that weighted sum applied to the constant terms of the other equations does not replicate the one equation's constant term. Example with one solution: 2x = 2, x = 1. Example with no solution: 2x + 2y = 2, x + y = 1, x + y = 3.
K < N. This case yields either infinitely many solutions or no solution, the latter occurring as in the previous sub-case. Example with infinitely many solutions: 3x + 3y = 3, 2x + 2y = 2, x + y = 1. Example with no solution: 3x + 3y + 3z = 3, 2x + 2y + 2z = 2, x + y + z = 1, x + y + z = 4.
These results may be easier to understand by putting the augmented matrix of the coefficients of the system in row echelon form by using Gaussian elimination. This row echelon form is the augmented matrix of a system of equations that is equivalent to the given system (it has exactly the same solutions). The number of independent equations in the original system is the number of non-zero rows in the echelon form. The system is inconsistent (no solution) if and only if the last non-zero row in echelon form has only one non-zero entry that is in the last column (giving an equation 0 = c where c is a non-zero constant). Otherwise, there is exactly one solution when the number of non-zero rows in echelon form is equal to the number of unknowns, and there are infinitely many solutions when the number of non-zero rows is lower than the number of variables.
Putting it another way, according to the Rouché–Capelli theorem, any system of equations (overdetermined or otherwise) is inconsistent if the rank of the augmented matrix is greater than the rank of the coefficient matrix. If, on the other hand, the ranks of these two matrices are equal, the system must have at least one solution. The solution is unique if and only if the rank equals the number of variables. Otherwise the general solution has k free parameters where k is the difference between the number of variables and the rank; hence in such a case there are an infinitude of solutions.
Exact solutions
All exact solutions can be obtained, or it can be shown that none exist, using matrix algebra. See System of linear equations#Matrix solution.
Approximate solutions
The method of ordinary least squares can be used to find an approximate solution to overdetermined systems. For the system the least squares formula is obtained from the problem
the solution of which can be written with the normal equations,
where indicates a matrix transpose, provided exists (that is, provided A has full column rank). With this formula an approximate solution is found when no exact solution exists, and it gives an exact solution when one does exist. However, to achieve good numerical accuracy, using the QR factorization of A to solve the least squares problem is preferred.
In general use
The concept can also be applied to more general systems of equations, such as systems of polynomial equations or partial differential equations. In the case of the systems of polynomial equations, it may happen that an overdetermined system has a solution, but that no one equation is a consequence of the others and that, when removing any equation, the new system has more solutions. For example, has the single solution but each equation by itself has two solutions.
See also
Underdetermined system
Rouché-Capelli (or, Rouché-Frobenius) theorem
Integrability condition
Least squares
Consistency proof
Compressed sensing
Moore–Penrose pseudoinverse
References
Curve fitting
Linear algebra
Partial differential equations
The Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food (, MAPA), is the department of the Government of Spain responsible for proposing and carrying out the government policy on agricultural, livestock and fishery resources, food industry, rural development and human food. The Ministry is responsible for assigning Veterinary Surgeons to carry out checks in regard to the issuing of REGA Licences (Registro de Explotación) a requirement for the ownership of horses on Spanish property and small holdings.
Specifically, it corresponds to the MAPA the preparation of State legislation on agriculture, fisheries and food; the proposal and carrying out of the general guidelines of the Government on agricultural, fisheries and food policies; the representation of Spain in the international organizations corresponding to these matters; as well as the coordination of actions, cooperation and agreement in the design and application of all policies that affect the scope of competences of the autonomous communities and the other public administrations, encouraging their participation through the cooperation bodies and instruments adequate.
Unlike most ministries, this one has not any Secretariat of State and it works through three bodies with the rank of Undersecretariat: the General Secretariat for Agriculture and Food, the General Secretariat for Fisheries and the Undersecretariat of the Ministry. The head of the Department is the Minister of Agriculture, currently Mr. Luis Planas.
History
Early period
From the beginning of the 19th century, it is worth mentioning that under the reign of Ferdinand VII, the work of promoting agriculture were carried out by the Ministry of Finance or the field of livestock, under the authority of the Council of the Mesta.
The Royal Decree of 9 November 1832 created the Secretariat of State and the Dispatch of General Development of the Realm and which had among its responsibilities the promotion of agriculture, nurseries and breeding cattle, gardening and conservation of mountains and trees or hunting and fishing. For this, it was made dependent on the Ministry the Department for Forestry Conservation and the Honorable Council of the Mesta.
The agriculture responsibilities remained in the Ministry of Development for nearly one hundred years. In 1870 there was already a Directorate-General for Public Works and Agriculture.
Finally, in 1900, after the split of Education, the Development Ministry was suppressed and the Ministry of Agriculture, Industry, Commerce and Public Works was created to assume the rest of the responsibilities. However, five years later the Ministry of Agriculture is suppressed and the Ministry of Development recovered.
With the approval of Royal Decree of 3 November 1928, the Ministry of National Economy was created, to which the Directorate-General for Agriculture was transferred along with the agricultural chambers, the agronomic council and the association of Cattle Ranchers and the services of Hygiene and Livestock Health.
Late period
By Decree of 16 December 1931, the President of the Republic Niceto Alcalá Zamora re-created the Ministry, incorporating the Directorate-General for Agriculture, Industry and Commerce, from the Ministry of National Economy, and the Directorate-General for Mines and Fuels, the Directorate-General for Forestry, Fishing and Hunting and the Directorate-General for Livestock, from the Ministry of Development.
As happened with the Ministry of Development, in 1933 the Ministry was divided into two: the Ministry of Agriculture and the Ministry of Industry and Commerce. It was the first time that there was a Ministry dedicated exclusively to managing the agricultural affairs. The separation became final, except in the period from 25 September 1935 to 19 February 1936, when it assumed again the responsibilities of industry and trade.
The next big change would be made in 1981, when the ministry assumed the competencies on fisheries and was called Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food until 2008 when prime minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero merged it with the Environment Ministry and was renamed Ministry of the Environment and Rural and Marine Affairs.
The new government of Mariano Rajoy renamed the department in 2011 as Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Environment and since 2016 as Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, Food and Environment. In 2018, new prime minister Pedro Sánchez created again the Ministry of Environment and this ministry recovered the 1981-2008 denomination. In 2020, the ministry lost its powers on forestry.
Structure
The Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food is organised in the following bodies:
The General Secretariat for Agriculture and Food
The Directorate-General for Agricultural Production and Markets
The Directorate-General for Health of Agricultural Production
The Directorate-General for Rural Development, Innovation and Agrifood Training
The Directorate-General for the Food Industry
The Deputy Directorate-General for Support and Coordination
The Deputy Directorate-General for Agricultural Policy Planning
The General Secretariat for Fisheries
The Directorate-General for Sustainable Fisheries
The Directorate-General for Fisheries Management and Aquaculture
The Deputy Directorate-General for Management
The Deputy Directorate-General for Legal Affairs and International Fisheries Governance
The Undersecretariat of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food
The Technical General Secretariat
The Directorate-General for Services and Inspection
The Deputy Directorate-General for Analysis, Coordination and Statistics
The Deputy Directorate-General for International Relations and European Union Affairs.
In addition, the department has four autonomous agencies:
The Food Information and Control Agency (AICA)
The Spanish Agricultural Guarantee Fund (FEGA)
The National Agency for Agricultural Insurance (ENESA)
The Junta Nacional de Homologación de Trofeos de Caza (JNHTC)
List of Ministers of Agriculture
These is the ministers since 1931, to see the Ministers between 1900 and 1905 see Ministry of Development (Spain)#List of Ministers.
(1) Ministry of Agriculture
(2) Ministry of Agriculture, Industry and Commerce.
(3) Ministry of Industry, Commerce and Agriculture.
(4) Ministry of Agriculture and Agro Labour
(5) Ministry of Agriculture and Labour
(6) Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries
(7) Ministry of the Environment, Rural and Marine Affairs
(8) Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Environment
(9) Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries, Food and Environment
References
Spanish Cabinets at CSIC website
External links
Official website
Environment, Rural And Marine Affairs
Spain
Spain
Spain
Spain
Forestry in Spain
Government ministries of Spain
Food safety organizations
Regulation in Spain
Agricultural organisations based in Spain
An injector is a system of ducting and nozzles used to direct the flow of a high-pressure fluid in such a way that a lower pressure fluid is entrained in the jet and carried through a duct to a region of higher pressure. It is a fluid-dynamic pump with no moving parts except a valve to control inlet flow.
A steam injector is a typical application of the principle used to deliver cold water to a boiler against its own pressure, using its own live or exhaust steam, replacing any mechanical pump. When first developed, its operation was intriguing because it seemed paradoxical, almost like perpetual motion, but it was later explained using thermodynamics. Other types of injector may use other pressurised motive fluids such as air.
Depending on the application, an injector can also take the form of an eductor-jet pump, a water eductor or an aspirator. An ejector operates on similar principles to create a vacuum feed connection for braking systems etc.
History
The injector was invented by Henri Giffard in early 1850s and patented in 1858, for use on steam locomotives, and patented in the United Kingdom by Sharp, Stewart and Company of Glasgow.
After some initial scepticism resulting from the unfamiliar and superficially paradoxical mode of operation, the injector became widely adopted for steam locomotives as an alternative to mechanical pumps.
Operation
The injector consists of a body filled with a secondary fluid, into which a motive fluid is injected. The motive fluid induces the secondary fluid to move. Injectors exist in many variations, and can have several stages, each repeating the same basic operating principle, to increase their overall effect.
It uses the Venturi effect of a converging-diverging nozzle on a steam jet to convert the pressure energy of the steam to velocity energy, reducing its pressure to below that of the atmosphere, which enables it to entrain a fluid (e.g., water). After passing through the convergent "combining cone", the mixed fluid is fully condensed, releasing the latent heat of evaporation of the steam which imparts extra velocity to the water. The condensate mixture then enters a divergent "delivery cone" which slows the jet, converting kinetic energy back into static pressure energy above the pressure of the boiler enabling its feed through a non-return valve.
Most of the heat energy in the condensed steam is returned to the boiler, increasing the thermal efficiency of the process. Injectors are therefore typically over 98% energy-efficient overall; they are also simple compared to the many moving parts in a feed pump.
The motive fluid may be a liquid, steam or any other gas. The entrained suction fluid may be a gas, a liquid, a slurry, or a dust-laden gas stream.
Key design parameters
Fluid feed rate and operating pressure range are the key parameters of an injector, and vacuum pressure and evacuation rate are the key parameters for an ejector.
Compression ratio and the entrainment ratio may also be defined:
The compression ratio of the injector, , is defined as ratio of the injector's outlet pressure to the inlet pressure of the suction fluid .
The entrainment ratio of the injector, , is defined as the amount (in kg/h) of suction fluid that can be entrained and compressed by a given amount (in kg/h) of motive fluid.
Lifting properties
Other key properties of an injector include the fluid inlet pressure requirements i.e. whether it is lifting or non-lifting.
In a non-lifting injector, positive inlet fluid pressure is needed e.g. the cold water input is fed by gravity.
The steam-cone minimal orifice diameter is kept larger than the combining cone minimal diameter. The non-lifting Nathan 4000 injector used on the Southern Pacific 4294 could push 12,000 US gallons (45,000 L) per hour at 250 psi (17 bar).
The lifting injector can operate with negative inlet fluid pressure i.e. fluid lying below the level of the injector. It differs from the non-lifting type mainly in the relative dimensions of the nozzles.
Overflow
An overflow is required for excess steam or water to discharge, especially during starting. If the injector cannot initially overcome boiler pressure, the overflow allows the injector to continue to draw water and steam.
Check valve
There is at least one check valve (called a "clack valve" in locomotives because of the distinctive noise it makes) between the exit of the injector and the boiler to prevent back flow, and usually a valve to prevent air being sucked in at the overflow.
Exhaust steam injector
Efficiency was further improved by the development of a multi-stage injector which is powered not by live steam from the boiler but by exhaust steam from the cylinders, thereby making use of the residual energy in the exhaust steam which would otherwise go to waste. However, an exhaust injector also cannot work when the locomotive is stationary; later exhaust injectors could use a supply of live steam if no exhaust steam was available.
Problems
Injectors can be troublesome under certain running conditions, such as when vibration causes the combined steam and water jet to "knock off". Originally the injector had to be restarted by careful manipulation of the steam and water controls, and the distraction caused by a malfunctioning injector was largely responsible for the 1913 Ais Gill rail accident. Later injectors were designed to automatically restart on sensing the collapse in vacuum from the steam jet, for example with a spring-loaded delivery cone.
Another common problem occurs when the incoming water is too warm and is less effective at condensing the steam in the combining cone. That can also occur if the metal body of the injector is too hot, e.g. from prolonged use.
Vacuum ejectors
An additional use for the injector technology is in vacuum ejectors in continuous train braking systems, which were made compulsory in the UK by the Regulation of Railways Act 1889. A vacuum ejector uses steam pressure to draw air out of the vacuum pipe and reservoirs of continuous train brake. Steam locomotives, with a ready source of steam, found ejector technology ideal with its rugged simplicity and lack of moving parts. A steam locomotive usually has two ejectors: a large ejector for releasing the brakes when stationary and a small ejector for maintaining the vacuum against leaks. The exhaust from the ejectors is invariably directed to the smokebox, by which means it assists the blower in draughting the fire. The small ejector is sometimes replaced by a reciprocating pump driven from the crosshead because this is more economical of steam and is only required to operate when the train is moving.
Vacuum brakes have been superseded by air brakes in modern trains, which allow the use of smaller brake cylinders and/or higher braking force due to the greater difference from atmospheric pressure.
Earlier application of the principle
An empirical application of the principle was in widespread use on steam locomotives before its formal development as the injector, in the form of the arrangement of the blastpipe and chimney in the locomotive smokebox. The sketch on the right shows a cross-section through a smokebox, rotated 90 degrees; it can be seen that the same components are present, albeit differently named, as in the generic diagram of an injector at the top of the article. Exhaust steam from the cylinders is directed through a nozzle on the end of the blastpipe, to reduce pressure inside the smokebox by entraining the flue gases from the boiler which are then ejected via the chimney. The effect is to increase the draught on the fire to a degree proportional to the rate of steam consumption, so that as more steam is used, more heat is generated from the fire and steam production is also increased. The effect was first noted by Richard Trevithick and subsequently developed empirically by the early locomotive engineers; Stephenson's Rocket made use of it, and this constitutes much of the reason for its notably improved performance in comparison with contemporary machines.
Modern uses
The use of injectors (or ejectors) in various industrial applications has become quite common due to their relative simplicity and adaptability. For example:
To inject chemicals into the boiler drums of small, stationary, low pressure boilers. In large, high-pressure modern boilers, usage of injectors for chemical dosing is not possible due to their limited outlet pressures.
In thermal power stations, they are used for the removal of the boiler bottom ash, the removal of fly ash from the hoppers of the electrostatic precipitators used to remove that ash from the boiler flue gas, and for drawing a vacuum pressure in steam turbine exhaust condensers.
Jet pumps have been used in boiling water nuclear reactors to circulate the coolant fluid.
For use in producing a vacuum pressure in steam jet cooling systems.
For expansion work recovery in air conditioning and refrigeration systems.
For enhanced oil recovery processes in the oil & gas Industry.
For the bulk handling of grains or other granular or powdered materials.
The construction industry uses them for pumping turbid water and slurries.
Eductors are used in ships to pump residual ballast water, or cargo oil which cannot be removed using centrifugal pumps due to loss of suction head and may damage the centrifugal pump if run dry, which may be caused due to trim or list of the ship.
Eductors are used on-board ships to pump out bilges, since using centrifugal pump would not be feasible as the suction head may be lost frequently.
Some aircraft (mostly earlier designs) use an ejector attached to the fuselage to provide vacuum for gyroscopic instruments such as an attitude indicator (artificial horizon).
Eductors are used in aircraft fuel systems as transfer pumps; fluid flow from an engine-mounted mechanical pump can be delivered to a fuel tank-mounted eductor to transfer fuel from that tank.
Aspirators are vacuum pumps based on the same operating principle and are used in laboratories to create a partial vacuum and for medical use in suction of mucus or bodily fluids.
Water eductors are water pumps used for dredging silt and panning for gold, they're used because they can handle the highly abrasive mixtures quite well.
To create vacuum system in vacuum distillation unit (oil refinery).
Vacuum autoclaves use an ejector to pull a vacuum, generally powered by the cold water supply to the machine.
Low weight jet pumps can be made out of paper mache.
Well pumps
Jet pumps are commonly used to extract water from water wells. The main pump, often a centrifugal pump, is powered and installed at ground level. Its discharge is split, with the greater part of the flow leaving the system, while a portion of the flow is returned to the jet pump installed below ground in the well. This recirculated part of the pumped fluid is used to power the jet. At the jet pump, the high-energy, low-mass returned flow drives more fluid from the well, becoming a low-energy, high-mass flow which is then piped to the inlet of the main pump.
Shallow well pumps are those in which the jet assembly is attached directly to the main pump and are limited to a depth of approximately 5-8m to prevent cavitation.
Deep well pumps are those in which the jet is located at the bottom of the well. The maximum depth for deep well pumps is determined by the inside diameter of and the velocity through the jet. The major advantage of jet pumps for deep well installations is the ability to situate all mechanical parts (e.g., electric/petrol motor, rotating impellers) at the ground surface for easy maintenance. The advent of the electrical submersible pump has partly replaced the need for jet type well pumps, except for driven point wells or surface water intakes.
Multi-stage steam vacuum ejectors
In practice, for suction pressure below 100 mbar absolute, more than one ejector is used, usually with condensers between the ejector stages. Condensing of motive steam greatly improves ejector set efficiency; both barometric and shell-and-tube surface condensers are used.
In operation a two-stage system consists of a primary high-vacuum (HV) ejector and a secondary low-vacuum (LV) ejector. Initially the LV ejector is operated to pull vacuum down from the starting pressure to an intermediate pressure. Once this pressure is reached, the HV ejector is then operated in conjunction with the LV ejector to finally pull vacuum to the required pressure.
In operation a three-stage system consists of a primary booster, a secondary high-vacuum (HV) ejector, and a tertiary low-vacuum (LV) ejector. As per the two-stage system, initially the LV ejector is operated to pull vacuum down from the starting pressure to an intermediate pressure. Once this pressure is reached, the HV ejector is then operated in conjunction with the LV ejector to pull vacuum to the lower intermediate pressure. Finally the booster is operated (in conjunction with the HV & LV ejectors) to pull vacuum to the required pressure.
Construction materials
Injectors or ejectors are made of carbon steel, stainless steel, brass, titanium, PTFE, carbon, and other materials.
See also
Aspirator (pump)
De Laval nozzle
Diffusion pump
Giovanni Battista Venturi
Gustaf de Laval
Nozzle
Surface condenser
Venturi effect
References
Further reading
External links
Use of Eductor for Lifting Water
Chemical equipment
Fluid dynamics
Pumps
Locomotive parts
Steam locomotive technologies
This is a list of the Austrian Singles Chart number-one hits of 2006.
See also
2006 in music
References
Number-one hits
Austria
2006
Crepidonellus is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following 5 species:
Crepidonellus endroedyi Basilewsky, 1975
Crepidonellus latipalpis Basilewsky, 1988
Crepidonellus migromaculatus Basilewsky, 1959
Crepidonellus pusillus (Peringuey, 1888)
Crepidonellus youngai Basilewsky, 1988
References
Brachininae
Frank Stevenson may refer to:
Frank A. Stevenson, software developer
Frank Stevenson, character in The Ambassador (1984 American film)
See also
Francis Seymour Stevenson (1862–1938), British Liberal Party politician, author and scholar
Frank Stephenson (disambiguation)
Dew Drop is an unincorporated community in Nevada County, California. It lies at an elevation of 1457 feet (444 m). Dew Drop is located north of Higgins Corner.
References
Unincorporated communities in California
Unincorporated communities in Nevada County, California
Karenites is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsids from the Late Permian of Russia. The only species is Karenites ornamentatus, named in 1995. Several fossil specimens are known from the town of Kotelnich in Kirov Oblast.
Description
Karenites is known from a partial holotype skeleton, two partial skulls, and isolated jaw bones. Although incomplete, the skulls preserve small and delicate structures like nasal turbinates on the inside of the skull and the stapes bone of the ear. The skull of Karenites is about long, with the snout much longer than the temporal region of the skull behind the eye sockets. Viewed from above, the skull is triangular. The snout is broad, and the skull widens toward the occiput or posterior margin. Two large holes behind the eye socket called temporal fenestrae occupy most of the posterior skull. Between this fenestra is a narrow sagittal crest. In front of this crest, the skull roof bones are weakly pitted with small bumps and ridges for blood vessels. Some specimens include parts of the sclerotic ring, a ring of bone embedded in the eye.
On each side of the upper jaw are five incisors, two or three precanines, one canine, and eleven or twelve postcanines. The incisors and precanines are long, thin, and slightly curved, separated from each other by a small gap. The canine is much longer, projecting slightly forward from the tooth socket and curving backward along its length. The postcanine teeth are shorter and broader than the incisors and precanines. Toward the back of the skull the tips of the teeth flatten. The lower jaw is thin and curves upward to the arch of the cheek, except for a large coronoid process that extends to the articular-quadrate jaw joint at the back of the skull. The lower jaw has three small incisors angled slightly forward, a large canine tooth projecting upward, and thirteen small, blunt postcanine teeth. The farthest postcanine teeth have small secondary cusps behind their tips. These multicusped teeth may have been adaptations for crushing food, although they are not as well developed as the teeth of other therocephalians like Ericiolacerta.
In 1999, thoracic plates were reported to be present in the holotype of Karenites. Thoracic plates are plates of bone on the underside of the rib cage that are typically found in reptiles, and unusual for mammal relatives like therocephalians. This bone was later reinterpreted as an interclavicle, part of the pectoral girdle common to all early therapsids.
Paleobiology
The presence of a sclerotic ring in Karenites may be an indication that it was aquatic. Pits on the skull have been interpreted as evidence for well-developed whiskers, which may have been used in hunting aquatic prey. Some therocephalians like Perplexisaurus have also been interpreted as aquatic predators, and share many similarities with Karenites. While these aquatic forms had strong sutures between cranial bones, which may have stabilized the skull when consuming large aquatic prey like fishes, Karenites had weaker, slightly movable skull joints associated with feeding on smaller terrestrial prey like insects. Its multicuspid teeth also suggest it fed on insects. Karenites has long limb bones that indicate a fully terrestrial rather than aquatic lifestyle.
Ridges on the inside of the skull of Karenites form a series of sinuses. These sinuses may have been associated with improvements in the sense of smell of therocephalians, but they are not thought to be olfactory structures.
Bony projections on the underside of the lower jaw of Karenites may have supported tissues that transmitted sound to the stapes bone in the ear. Early therapsids like Karenites lack the well-developed auditory system of mammals, which had evolved from a restructuring of bones in the back of the skull and the lower jaw, and probably had a poor sense of hearing. As an early stage in the development of the mammalian auditory system, Karenites may have been able to hear some sounds by placing its jaw on the ground to detect vibrations.
References
Extinct animals of Russia
Therocephalia genera
Baurioids
Clifford Evans may refer to:
Clifford Evans (actor) (1912–1985), Welsh actor
Cliff Evans (rugby league) (1913–1982), Welsh rugby league footballer
Clifford Evans (ecologist) (1913–2006), British ecologist
Clifford Percy Evans (1889–1973), American architect
Clifford R. Evans (1937–2018), Canadian trade unionist
Ana Ivanovic defeated Dinara Safina in the final, 6–4, 6–3 to win the women's singles tennis title at the 2008 French Open. It was their first and only major singles title. With the win, Ivanovic also became the world No. 1; Maria Sharapova, Jelena Janković and Svetlana Kuznetsova were also in contention for the top ranking. Ivanovic dropped only one set during the tournament, to Janković in the semifinals. This marked the last time Ivanovic would reach a major quarterfinal until the 2012 US Open.
Justine Henin was the three-time reigning champion and reigning world No. 1, but they retired from the sport in May 2008. This left Serena Williams as the only former French Open champion in the women's draw; when Williams was defeated in the third round by Katarina Srebotnik, a first-time French Open champion was guaranteed.
Safina had come from a set and match point down in both their fourth round and quarterfinal matches, against Sharapova and Elena Dementieva, respectively.
This was also the first major main draw appearance for future world No. 2 and two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitová, who lost to Kaia Kanepi in fourth round. With that win, Kanepi became the first Estonian to reach a major quarterfinal.
Seeds
Qualifying
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Section 3
Section 4
Bottom half
Section 5
Section 6
Section 7
Section 8
Championship match statistics
References
External links
Draw and Qualifying Draw
2008 French Open – Women's draws and results at the International Tennis Federation
Women's Singles
French Open by year – Women's singles
French Open - Women's Singles
2008 in women's tennis
2008 in French women's sport
Al-Nasra (), is a district of Al-Hasakah, Syria in the autonomous region of Syrian Kurdistan.
References
Districts of Al-Hasakah
Jerome Baker (also known as Jason Harris) is a Eugene, Oregon based glass blower and the founder of Jerome Baker Designs.
Baker started their career in glassblowing in 1991 by apprenticing with Bob Snodgrass. Since then, they have created blown glass artwork for celebrities, rock stars and sports figures.
In 2003, Baker was arrested on charges of selling drug paraphernalia. After being arrested, Baker focused their glass career on Maui Glass Designs, a company they created where they created luxury glass installations. After legalization in Oregon they reestablished themselves as one of the top flame-workers/pipe-makers.
Baker is featured in Degenerate Art, a 2011 documentary by American pipe maker Aaron Golbert on the art and culture associated with glass pipes used for smoking cannabis.
Baker has won the 1996 High Times Cup "Best Product" and second place for "Best Booth". They have also won multiple High Times Cannabis Cups in Europe. In 2002 they won the High Times Cup "Best Glass" title. In 2018 Baker won first place in the Sanoma High Times Cup for "Best Glass" as well as a second place for "Best Glass" in Sacramento.
Baker was one of the first glass artists to accept Bitcoin.
References
Glassblowers
Artists from Eugene, Oregon
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sculptors from Oregon
American glass artists
The death of Abdirahman Abdi, a Somali-Canadian, occurred on July 24, 2016, in the neighbourhood of Hintonburg in Ottawa, Ontario. Abdi died in an incident with the Ottawa Police Service.
Background
Abdi had come to Canada from Somalia in 2009. They worked at a local car wash, though they were unemployed in the months leading up to their death. At the time of their death, they were 37 years old. Following their death, Abdi's family described them as someone with mental health issues.
Arrest and death
At approximately 9:30 a.m. on July 24, 2016, police were called to the Hintonburg Bridgehead coffee shop on the corner of Fairmont Avenue and Wellington Street West over allegations that Abdi was groping women there. J.M. Duval, a witness who was present at the coffee shop since 9:15 a.m., said they saw a commotion and that the front doors were locked as a group outside restrained Abdi. Duval said it looked like Abdi was trying to either flee or get back into the shop. Duval asked the allegedly assaulted woman (who had been taken to the back of the shop) in French what had happened and they repeatedly said (translated) "He groped me." Tracey Clark, the owner of Bridgehead who was not present during the incident, gave a statement on August 5 after speaking with staff and customers, describing Abdi as having harassed and assaulted multiple people in the shop. Clark mentioned this was not the first incident with them and that they would sometimes stare at customers and get too close to them. Clark said that they had previously intervened by asking Abdi if they were aware of what they were doing and if they could stop.
Pursuit and altercation
Constable David Weir arrived on scene at approximately 9:42 a.m. They asked Abdi to place their hands on the window of a nearby diner, which they did. However, when Weir reached for their handcuffs, Abdi fled down Wellington Street West toward their apartment building at 55 Hilda Street, about 250 metres from the Bridgehead.
At some point during the pursuit, Abdi picked up a 13.6-kilogram rubber weight used for holding temporary street signs in place and held it above their head Abdi reached their building at approximately 9:48 am. Weir caught up to Abdi just outside the main entrance and shoved them from behind, forcing them to drop the weight and sending them crashing into the doors of their apartment complex. Constable Daniel Montsion arrived moments later.
What happened next is unclear because of conflicting accounts provided by witnesses. However, CCTV footage shot from the lobby of Abdi's apartment building shows Montsion punching Abdi in the face. The two officers then forced Abdi to the ground. Montsion could be seen striking Abdi in the legs and twice more in the head. Abdi then lost consciousness. The officers turned them on their side into a recovery position and called for paramedics at 9:49 a.m.
Death
Paramedics arrived at 9:56 a.m. However, they believed they were responding to a pepper spray incident and spent some time getting debriefed by the officers before approaching Abdi. It was not until the paramedics checked Abdi's vital signs that they began CPR. Abdi was taken to the Ottawa Civic Hospital. Abdi was removed from life support and pronounced dead the following day.
SIU investigation
As required under the Police Services Act, the provincial Special Investigations Unit (SIU) conducted an investigation into the incident. The SIU is required to investigate all reports of deaths, serious injuries, or sexual assaults in relation to provincial or municipal police officers.
Two Ottawa Police Service officers who were involved in the arrest – Constable David Weir and Constable Daniel Montsion – were designated as subject officers during the course of the investigation. Constable Weir was later re-classified as a witness officer, while Constable Montsion would be charged with manslaughter.
On March 6, 2017, the SIU laid charges against Constable Daniel Montsion for manslaughter, aggravated assault, and assault with a weapon in relation to the death of Abdi. On October 20, 2020, Montsion was found not guilty on all charges.
Aftermath
The Abdi family retained lawyer Lawrence Greenspon two days after their death on Wednesday July 27.
Abdi's funeral was held on Friday, July 29 at the Ottawa (Main) Mosque, with 800 inside and more outside. Naeem Malik, President of the Ottawa Muslim Association, estimated total attendance at over 2,000 people. The funeral was led by Imam Mohamed Hachimi and a family statement was read by Imam Sikander Hashmi of the Kanata Muslim Association. Mayor Jim Watson spoke at the funeral.
The Canadian Somali Mothers' Association called for the two officers to be removed and the Canadian Council of Muslim Women requested a critical look at the case.
In late August, Black Lives Matter's Toronto chapter protested the SIU in Mississauga in response to Abdi's death.
References
Year of birth missing
2016 deaths
2016 in Ontario
Black Lives Matter
Deaths in police custody in Canada
2010s in Ottawa
July 2016 events in Canada
Leušići is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 162 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Guangji Bridge (simplified Chinese: 广济桥; traditional Chinese: 廣濟橋; pinyin: Guǎng Jì Qiáo; literally "Great Charity Bridge") could be:
Guangji Bridge (Chaozhou), in Chaozhou, Guangdong, China.
Guangji Bridge (Hangzhou), in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China.
Guangji Bridge (Fenghua), in Fenghua, Zhejiang, China.
Guangji Bridge (Beijing), in Beijing, China.
The Tennessee Titans season was the franchise's 44th season in the National Football League, the 54th overall, the 17th in the state of Tennessee and the third under head coach Mike Munchak. It was also the final season under the ownership of Bud Adams, who died on October 21. The Titans slightly improved on their 6–10 record from 2012, but missed the playoffs for a fifth consecutive season.
2013 draft class
Notes
The Titans traded their original second- (No. 40 overall) and seventh- (No. 216 overall) round selections, along with their 2014 third-round selection to the San Francisco 49ers in exchange for the 49ers' second-round selection (No. 34 overall).
The Titans traded their original sixth-round selection (No. 176 overall) to the Minnesota Vikings in exchange for the Vikings' 2012 seventh-round selection.
Compensatory selection.
Staff
Final roster
Team captains
Jake Locker (QB)
Nate Washington (WR)
Michael Roos (OT)
Jason McCourty (CB)
Bernard Pollard (SS)
Patrick Bailey (ST)
Schedule
Preseason
Regular season
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries
Week 1: at Pittsburgh Steelers
The Steelers were on a disappointing run; Tennessee took advantage of this in 2012 and beat them at home by a score of 26-23, despite finishing at 6-10, while the Steelers went 8-8. In 2013, the Titans traveled to Pittsburgh for their season opener against the rival Steelers. They got off to a strong start, scoring a touchdown and 3 field goals for a 16-2 lead, as the Steelers could only manage a safety. In the fourth quarter, the Steelers cut the Titans' lead to 16-9 after they scored a touchdown. However, Tennessee ran out the clock, ensuring themselves a victory. With the convincing win, the Titans started the season at 1-0, but since the Colts beat the Raiders, 21-17, and the Texans later defeated the Chargers, 31-28, Tennessee tied for 1st place in the AFC South, since the Jacksonville Jaguars were humiliated, 28-2, at home by the Kansas City Chiefs.
Week 2: at Houston Texans
Week 3: vs. San Diego Chargers
For the first time since 1992 the Titans franchise defeated the Chargers, winning on a 34-yard touchdown throw from Jake Locker to Justin Hunter with 15 seconds to go. Locker finished with 367 all-purpose yards – 299 passing yards, 68 rushing yards. Chris Johnson finished with 90 rushing yards.
Week 4: vs. New York Jets
The Titans forced four Jets turnovers; Jake Locker threw three touchdowns off turnovers as the Titans led 24–6 at the half. Locker was knocked out of the game in the third quarter following hits from Muhammad Wilkerson and Quinton Coples, suffering a right hip injury; a subsequent MRI showed no major damage to Locker's hip and they were sidelined for the next two games. Ryan Fitzpatrick finished the game, throwing a 77-yard score to Nate Washington. Geno Smith of the Jets was intercepted twice, but the most-popularized play came when they fumbled behind their back at the Titans goalline and Karl Klug fell on the touchdown. Tennessee won 38–13.
Week 5: vs. Kansas City Chiefs
Week 6: at Seattle Seahawks
Week 7: vs. San Francisco 49ers
Week 9: at St. Louis Rams
The game was the first meeting between the Titans and their former coach, Jeff Fisher, and the first game for the club since the passing of its founder, Bud Adams. For the first time in 7 years, it was also quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick's first return to St. Louis since they were traded from the Rams following the 2006 season. Fitzpatrick played their first 2 seasons in and was drafted 250th overall by St. Louis in 2005. The game lead tied or changed on every score as the Titans erupted to 198 rushing yards and four touchdowns on the ground. Chris Johnson scored twice amid 170 all-purpose yards (150 on the ground) while Jake Locker overcame two interceptions to throw for 185 yards and run in a six-yard score.
Week 10: vs. Jacksonville Jaguars
Week 11: vs. Indianapolis Colts
Week 12: at Oakland Raiders
Week 13: at Indianapolis Colts
Week 14: at Denver Broncos
Week 15: vs. Arizona Cardinals
With the loss, coupled with the Miami Dolphins' win, the Titans were officially eliminated from playoff contention.
Week 16: at Jacksonville Jaguars
Week 17: vs. Houston Texans
Standings
Division
Conference
References
External links
Tennessee
Tennessee Titans seasons
Titans
From 1909 until the Spanish Civil War, naval construction in Spain was monopolized by the Sociedad Española de Construcción Naval – (SECN) also Spanish Society for Naval Construction (SECN). In this time a majority of its shares were owned by the United Kingdom firm (John Brown and Vickers-Armstrong), and therefore almost all ships built by the company were developed after Royal Navy designs.
History
Ten years after the Spanish–American War of 1898, in which Spain lost Cuba and the Philippines, the Antonio Maura Government, in an attempt to restore the Spanish Navy and Spanish shipbuilding industry, hired the Spanish Society for Naval Construction, whose major investors were a British-Spanish-Association taking contracts In the following proportions: 40% Vickers Sons and Maxim, 30% the Marquis of Comillas of the Spanish Transatlantic Company, 30% the Biscay Furnace Company, all the previously state owned shipbuilding yards, workshops, foundries and dry docks at Ferrol were handed over to the technical expertise of some of the finest British shipbuilder companies: John Brown, Vickers and Armstrong now in charge of building the new Spanish Fleet.
For a period of sixteen years, all the technicians were exclusively British, and the situation was not altered till 1925 when the management was taken over by Spanish engineers, as one of the new policies introduced by the then newly created government, including ministers both civil and military, of the dictator Miguel Primo de Rivera (1923–1930). The arrival of the British coincided with the construction of a local electric-powered trolley streetcar's line (1924–1961).
In sight of the outbreak of the Spanish Civil War, and because there was fear of social unrest in the naval station, the Foreign Office in London, organized a ship to repatriate all the remaining British citizens and on 22 July 1936 HMS Witch (D89) departed from Ferrol back to Britain.
Many British technical advisors continued to work in the Spanish shipbuilding yards, workshops, foundries and dry docks (on both sides) during the war.
Between 1958 and 1960, SECN built 23 electric railcars and 12 trailers for use on metre gauge railways operated by FEVE.
Sites of SECN Shipyards and Iron-works in Spain between 1909 and 1936/45
Ferrol
Gijon
Bilbao
Valencia
Cartagena
Cádiz
See also
Alvaro de Bazán class
Vickers-Armstrong
Racing Club de Ferrol
References
External links
NAVANTIA Spanish Company, Leader in Military Shipbuilding
Warships of the Spanish Civil War (1936–1939)
Traveller's Guide of Europe: Ferrol c.1919
Green Tourism in Northern Spain 2005
Ferrol in pictures 1960s
Offshore Technology design and made in Ferrol 2004
Shipbuilding companies of Spain
Defence companies of Spain
Rolling stock manufacturers of Spain
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2042 was unanimously adopted on 14 April 2012.
Content
The resolution, which authorizes the dispatch of an advance team of up to 30 unarmed military observers to Syria to monitor compliance with the ceasefire agreement, passed 15-0.
The observers will be tasked with establishing and maintaining contact with both sides of the conflict, and making reports on compliance with the ceasefire agreement until a full mission is deployed in the country.
See also
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 2001 to 2100
United Nations Security Council Resolution 2043 of 21 April 2012
List of United Nations resolutions concerning Syria
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
2012 United Nations Security Council resolutions
United Nations Security Council resolutions concerning Syria
2012 in Syria
International reactions to the Syrian civil war
April 2012 events
The stripe-throated wren (Cantorchilus leucopogon) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is found in Colombia, Ecuador, and Panama.
Taxonomy and systematics
The stripe-throated wren has at times been treated as conspecific with the stripe-breasted wren (Cantorchilus thoracicus) and the two form a superspecies. The species has two subspecies, the nominate C. l. leucopogon and C. l. grisescens.
Description
The stripe-throated wren is long. Adults of the nominate subspecies have a dark brown crown and upperparts; the latter are more rufescent on the rump. Their tail is reddish brown with narrow blackish bars. They have a grayish white supercilium. The rest of the face, chin, and throat have black and grayish white streaks that end abruptly at the deep reddish buff upper chest. That color continues and becomes darker and richer through the belly to the vent. Juveniles are similar to the adults but the facial and throat streaking is less well defined. C. l. grisescens is paler and grayer overall.
Distribution and habitat
The stripe-throated wren of subspecies C. l. grisescens is the more easterly of the two. It is found on the Caribbean slope of eastern Panama into northern Colombia. The nominate C. l. leucopogon is found on the Pacific slope, from eastern Panama south through western Colombia into western Ecuador. It inhabits the edges of várzea and secondary forests from sea level up to .
Behavior
Feeding
The stripe-throated wren forages in pairs, often as part of a mixed-species foraging flock. It typically hunts in thick vegetation between above the ground. Its diet has not been extensively documented but is known to include insects.
Breeding
Little is known about the stripe-throated wren's breeding phenology. Its nest is "an untidy ball with side entrance, usually placed near end of small branch with little effort at concealment."
Vocalization
The stripe-throated wren's song is "a tuneless repetition of 2–3 notes, 'chi-chi-chi'".
Status
The IUCN has assessed the stripe-throated wren as being of The Least Concern. However, it is "apparently rather scarce throughout much of its range."
References
stripe-throated wren
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
stripe-throated wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Moon (XVIII) is the eighteenth trump or Major Arcana card in most traditional tarot decks. It is used in game playing as well as in divination.
Description
The card depicts a night scene, where two large pillars are shown. A wolf and a domesticated dog howl at the Moon while a crayfish emerges from the water. The Moon has "sixteen chief and sixteen secondary rays" and "[is] shedding the moisture of fertilizing dew in great drops" (totaling 15 in the Rider–Waite deck) which are all Yodh-shaped.
Interpretation
According to A.E. Waite's 1910 book The Pictorial Key to the Tarot, "The card represents life of the imagination apart from life of the spirit... The dog and wolf are the fears of the natural mind in the presence of that place of exit, when there is only reflected light to guide it... The intellectual light is a reflection and beyond it is the unknown mystery which it cannot reveal." Additionally, "It illuminates our animal nature" and according to Waite, "the message is 'Peace, be still; and it may be that there shall come a calm upon the animal nature, while the abyss beneath shall cease from giving up a form.'"
Waite writes that the Moon card carries several divinatory associations:
18.THE MOON--Hidden enemies, danger, calumny, darkness, terror, deception, occult forces, error. Reversed: Instability, inconstancy, silence, lesser degrees of deception and error.
Alternative decks
In the "Flemish Deck" by Vandenborre, the moon shows a woman seated in the right-hand corner with a tree in the left hand corner. The Moon is directly above them  They are shown with a distaff in their right hand and spinning thread with their left hand.
In the 17th Century French Vieville tarot deck, instead of the above scene there is an older woman beside a tree, spinning with a spindle and distaff as the Moon shines above.
References
The Pictorial Key to the Tarot, by Arthur Waite
A. E. Waite's Pictorial Key to the Tarot: Being fragments of a Secret Tradition under the Veil of Divination. 1910
Juliette Wood, Folklore 109 (1998):15–24, The Celtic Tarot and the Secret Tradition: A Study in Modern Legend Making (1998)
External links
The History of the Moon Card from The Hermitage.
The Moon from Joan Bunning's Learning the Tarot: A Tarot Book for Beginners
The symbolism of The Moon - how to interpret this card
Symbolism of the Moon arcanum
Moon, The
Moon in art
Note: This article does not include any player or data of the original Ottawa Senators.
This is a list of Ottawa Senators award winners.
League awards
Team trophies
Individual awards
All-Stars
NHL first and second team All-Stars
The NHL first and second team All-Stars are the top players at each position as voted on by the Professional Hockey Writers' Association.
NHL All-Rookie Team
The NHL All-Rookie Team consists of the top rookies at each position as voted on by the Professional Hockey Writers' Association.
All-Star Game selections
The National Hockey League All-Star Game is a mid-season exhibition game held annually between many of the top players of each season. Twenty-one All-Star Games have been held since the Ottawa Senators entered the league in 1992, with at least one player chosen to represent the Senators in each year. The All-Star game has not been held in various years: 1979 and 1987 due to the 1979 Challenge Cup and Rendez-vous '87 series between the NHL and the Soviet national team, respectively, 1995, 2005, and 2013 as a result of labor stoppages, 2006, 2010, and 2014 because of the Winter Olympic Games, and 2021 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Ottawa has hosted one of the games. The 59th took place at the Canadian Tire Centre, then known as Scotiabank Place.
Selected by fan vote
Selected by Commissioner
Career achievements
Hockey Hall of Fame
The following is a list of Ottawa Senators who have been enshrined in the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Retired numbers
The Ottawa Senators have retired three of their jersey numbers. Also out of circulation is the number 99 which was retired league-wide for Wayne Gretzky on February 6, 2000. Gretzky did not play for the Senators during their 20-year NHL career and no Senators player had ever worn the number 99 prior to its retirement.
Team awards
Molson Cup
The Molson Cup is an annual award given to the player who earns the most points from three-star selections during the regular season.
Other awards
Footnotes
Finnigan was honoured for their playing career with the original Ottawa Senators. They were the last surviving Senator from the Stanley Cup winners of 1927 and participated in the 'Bring Back The Senators' campaign.
See also
List of National Hockey League awards
References
Ottawa Senators
award
award
The Ozone Park Boys, also known as "Liberty Posse" and "The Young Guns", are a Gambino crime family Mafia crew based in Ozone Park, Queens. They are infamous for their massive number of crimes, including an illegal $30 million-a-year sports gambling enterprise.
Criminal history
Since as early as 1986, this crew has been responsible for auto theft and "chop shop" operations, book making, racketeering, murder, robbery, arms trafficking, arson, assault, bank robbery, extortion, kidnapping, drug trafficking, tampering with witnesses, retaliating against witnesses, credit card fraud, identity theft, illegal gambling, interstate travel in aid of racketeering activities, interference with commerce by threats and violence, interstate transportation of stolen property, insurance fraud, mail fraud, tax evasion, wire fraud, and thefts from interstate shipments.
Ronald Trucchio, nicknamed "Ronnie One-Arm" due to a childhood accident that left them unable to use their right arm, ran the crew during the 1990s.
They organized theft of automobile and automobile parts throughout the New York metropolitan area. "The crew members stole specific cars and car parts on order and dismantled the stolen cars in several chop shops in the New York area", the government said, adding that the group also used the shops to facilitate credit card fraud, insurance fraud and robbery conspiracy.
Crew members stole credit cards and account information from the U.S. mail and thereafter purchased consumer goods from merchants in New York and Florida. "The crew participated in violent armed robberies of businesses and individuals during which victims were kidnapped and assaulted", the government alleged.
Members of the criminal crew traveled from New York to South Florida to commit robberies and traffic drugs, as well as perform credit card fraud and illegal weapons sales. In 1999 Damian Ely Bachovacchi was sentenced to five years for interstate drug trafficking, weapons possession and witness tampering. They were released on parole after serving only thirty-four months leading many to believe that Bachovacchi had an "inside man", but such rumors dissipated once it became apparent that the government was still attempting to find evidence on him. Although they were quickly released, the government has tried many attempts to indict him, none being successful. In 2004 the Federal government had a sealed indictment for Bachovacchi which was never handed down due to a "sudden" disappearance of suspects. To this day literally hundreds of files that are linked to The Ozone Park Boys / Young guns remain unsolved. The government also said the crew transported stolen property from Florida to New York and also engaged in numerous armed bank robberies in the New York area.
In 1995, nightclub bouncer Vincent D'Angola and their massage-therapist girlfriend, Jamie Schneider, were found dead in D'Angola's Fort Lauderdale apartment. The next day, the bullet-riddled body of Little League coach Mark Rizzuto was found in Boca Raton. Federal and local authorities have linked the crew to these three unsolved South Florida murders.
"The Trucchio organization" operated two separate wirerooms, first in the basement of an attached, one-family house at 149-29 122nd Street and thereafter in a third-floor apartment at 89-07 North Conduit Avenue, both in Ozone Park.
The crew has been in operation for over two decades.
Conviction
In December 2000, Trucchio and their son, Alphonse, were arrested along with most of the crew for operating a $30 million-a-year sports gambling enterprise in Ozone Park. Trucchio was also charged with failing to file New York State tax returns for the years 1999, 2000 and 2001.
Roccaforte allegedly was the clerk in the gambling operation who answered phones at the wirerooms, recorded wagers called in by bettors and recorded those wagers on tally sheets.
In July 2004, a new indictment was instated against the mobsters, claiming that while behind bars in prison, they made weapons and planned to attack people at a court hearing. They also claimed that the mobsters planned hits on several prosecutors and witnesses against them.
In 2006, Ronald Trucchio was sentenced to life in prison.
In 2017, former Ozone Park Boys leader Gennaro "Jerry" Bruno was sentenced to 21 years in prison for murder.
References
Find Articles: Ronald Trucchio
RICO Case
Trucchio Gambling Article
Organizations established in the 1980s
1980s establishments in New York City
20th century in Queens
Gambino crime family
American Mafia crews
Gangs in New York City
Ozone Park, Queens
Mighty Ships is a documentary television program produced by Exploration Production Inc. in Canada and aired on Discovery Channel Canada and also broadcast around the world. Each episode of the series follows a particular sea-going vessel and provides an insight into the ship and its crew.
The first episode of the tenth season, featuring the Faroes' largest ferry ship, MS Norröna, was first broadcast in Canada on 3 December 2017. The second episode, first aired on 10 December 2017, featured MSC Oscar, the largest container ship in the world.
Mighty Cruise Ships is a spin-off series focusing on cruise ships which began to air in late 2014.
Series overview
A typical episode follows the crew of a particular vessel as it prepares to embark upon a voyage and concludes at the end of the journey or once a particular job has been completed. The operational capabilities and technical aspects of the ship feature heavily in the series, whilst members of the ship's crew provide an insight into life at sea and provide a human perspective. The series also makes use of computer-generated animation to show scenes which would otherwise be unobtainable, such as underwater operations.
The series was started after the success of a one-off special on the Discovery Channel entitled Inside Queen Mary 2. The series has featured an extensive range of different types of marine vessels, with cruise ships, an aircraft carrier, fishing boats, dredgers and various types of cargo ships, naval and specialist ships being shown.
In a first for the series, season 7 includes a double-length episode about the maiden voyage of cruise ship Norwegian Breakaway and its construction and sea trials. Season 7 also includes a compilation episode showing vessels from the first six seasons.
The show's mixture of technical insight and human stories has proved popular with audiences.
Mighty Planes is a spin-off series in the same format but featuring aircraft rather than ships.
Episodes
One-off special
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
Season 4
Season 5
Season 6
Season 7
Season 8
Season 9
Season 10
Mighty Cruise Ships
Mighty Cruise Ships is a spin-off series in a similar style, with each episode about the operations and voyages of a different cruise ship. It was first broadcast in Canada during late 2014.
Season 1
Season 2
A second season of Mighty Cruise Ships aired on the Discovery Channel and repeated on the quest channel in the UK. Ships featured on this series included Carnival Vista, Royal Clipper, MV Viking Sea, MS Europa 2, MS Ocean Endeavour, MSC Divina.
Season 3
Season 4
Broadcasters
See also
Mighty Trains
Mighty Planes
References
External links
Discovery Channel Canada Mighty Ships official Website
Exploration Production Inc. official Website
Episode guide – Locate TV
2000s Canadian documentary television series
2008 Canadian television series debuts
2016 Canadian television series endings
2010s Canadian documentary television series
Canadian television docudramas
Discovery Channel original programming
Seven Network original programming
"Marco Polo" is the 60th episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the eighth of the show's fifth season. Written by Michael Imperioli and directed by John Patterson, it originally aired on April 25, 2004.
Starring
James Gandolfini as Tony Soprano
Lorraine Bracco as Dr. Jennifer Melfi *
Edie Falco as Carmela Soprano
Michael Imperioli as Christopher Moltisanti
Dominic Chianese as Corrado Soprano, Jr.
Steven Van Zandt as Silvio Dante *
Tony Sirico as Paulie Gualtieri *
Robert Iler as Anthony Soprano, Jr.
Jamie-Lynn DiScala as Meadow Soprano
Drea de Matteo as Adriana La Cerva
Aida Turturro as Janice Soprano Baccalieri *
Steven R. Schirripa as Bobby Baccalieri
Vincent Curatola as Johnny Sack
John Ventimiglia as Artie Bucco
Kathrine Narducci as Charmaine Bucco
Steve Buscemi as Tony Blundetto
* = credit only
Guest starring
• Sammy Semenza as Carmine III
Synopsis
After the recent car chase, Tony meets with Johnny and agrees to pay for the damage to Phil's car. To control costs, they have the work done in the late Pussy's body shop, now run by their widow Angie. When the work is finished, Phil demands further repairs for non-existent defects.
Tensions rise in New York. Little Carmine's yacht is holed and sinks. Their crew attempt to recruit Tony B through Angelo, their old prison buddy. Angelo and Rusty offer them "a chance to earn": in retaliation for Johnny's hit on Lorraine, "someone has to go". Tony B, knowing that Tony wants to keep their family out of New York hostilities, refuses. But they are short of money, and their young sons envy the Sopranos' standard of living. They agree. Their assigned target is Joey Peeps. Tony B finds them in their car outside a New York brothel where they have just collected a payment, and shoots them along with the girl, a prostitute, they are giving a lift to. Tony B's foot is injured when Peeps's car rolls over it, and they hobble back to their own car.
Carmela is planning a surprise party for their father Hugh De Angelis's 75th birthday. Nudged by their mother Mary, they tell Tony that, because of the separation, it would be better if they did not attend. Tony is taken aback, but consents. Mary does not want them there because they think their vulgar behavior will embarrass them in front of an old friend, Russ Fegoli, who will be attending with their wife. Mary has enormous respect for Fegoli, who had a modest career in the Foreign Service. Junior tells Hugh about the party, intentionally ruining the surprise. Hugh insists that the "man of the house" attend. Carmela reluctantly invites Tony at short notice.
At the party, Mary is duly embarrassed by Tony's behavior. Tony presents Hugh with a Beretta Giubileo shotgun, but Fegoli observes that the best ones are not exported. At the end of the evening, Tony roughly puts the now-devalued shotgun in the trunk of the car. As the Fegolis are leaving, Mary apologizes to them for Tony's conduct. Carmela is furious at their mother's snobbery, commending Tony for their gift to their father and their courtesy to the guests.
As Artie leads the younger guests in a game of Marco Polo, Tony and A.J. grab Carmela and throw them into the pool. Eventually, Tony and Carmela find themselves alone. They kiss in the pool and spend the night together. They leaf in the morning before they wake.
Deceased
Joseph "Joey Peeps" Peparelli: shot by Tony Blundetto on Little Carmine's orders
Heather: prostitute with Joey Peeps; shot by Tony Blundetto
Title reference
After Hugh's birthday party, a game of Marco Polo breaks out in the Sopranos' pool.
References to previous episodes
Sal Vitro is seen landscaping at the Sacrimoni residence per the deal that was set up in the episode "Where's Johnny?"
Tony says to Fegoli, "A doctor in the house? That's good, because somebody usually goes down at these affairs." In "The Sopranos (The Sopranos episode)," Tony had a panic attack while barbecuing.
Tony is wearing shorts, even though the late Carmine told him, in "For All Debts Public and Private", "A don doesn't wear shorts."
Other cultural references
The movie Junior is watching when Bobby enters is the Fellini film, La Dolce Vita. Junior references the opening scene, in which the statue of Jesus is flown over Rome by helicopter, with the comment: "You could tell it was a dummy!"
When Tony arrives at the house for Hugh's party, they respond to Carmela's complaints about their tardiness by reciting, "Pins and needles, needles and pins." This is a line from a ditty frequently recited by Ralph Kramden in The Honeymooners, which in turn references the nursery rhyme: "Needles and pins, Needles and pins. When a Man marries their Trouble begins."
Johnny Sack buys a Maserati Coupé and takes Tony for a drive.
At Angelo's urging, Tony B does a Jackie Gleason impersonation for Rusty, who does not seem to be impressed.
Angelo, Rusty Millio, and Tony B meet at The Four Seasons Restaurant, a subtle nod to The Four Seasons (band) of which Frankie Valli (the entertainer who plays Rusty Millio) was the lead singer.
The sign for the Bada Bing says "Holyfield vs Lewis, Sat Nov 13." This is a reference to the rematch between heavyweight champions Evander Holyfield and Lennox Lewis, which took place on Saturday, November 13, 1999.
The shotgun Tony gives to Hugh is a Beretta Giubileo over-under 12 gauge shotgun with hand-engraved sideplates, a straight stock, and a 28-inch barrel.
Music
The song on the radio in the opening scene is Mason Williams' "Classical Gas."
The song playing on Sal Vitro's radio as they tend to Johnny Sack's garden is "Come Go With Me" by The Del-Vikings.
One of the songs played at Hugh's birthday party is "Bandstand Boogie," best known as the original theme of American Bandstand.
Another song played at the party is "Cherry Pink (and Apple Blossom White)" by Perez Prado.
The song played toward the end of the party while Tony S is talking to Tony B is "Allegheny Moon" by Patti Page.
The song being played on saxophone when the party is closing is "Stardust" by Hoagy Carmichael.
Toward the end of the episode, as Joey Peeps is about to leave the brothel with a prostitute, Bon Jovi's "Wanted Dead or Alive" (from 1986's Slippery When Wet album) is playing in the background.
The song playing when Tony Blundetto kills Joey Peeps, and which continues over the end credits, is "Bad 'n' Ruin" by Faces, sung by Rod Stewart, from their 1971 album Long Player (it is also played at the Bada Bing! when Tony Soprano and Tony Blundetto have their meeting).
References
External links
"Marco Polo" at HBO
The Sopranos (season 5) episodes
2004 American television episodes
Television episodes directed by John Patterson (director)
Kuytun () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
Urban localities
Kuytun, Kuytunsky District, Irkutsk Oblast, a work settlement in Kuytunsky District, Irkutsk Oblast
Rural localities
Kuytun, Republic of Buryatia, a selo in Kuytunsky Selsoviet of Tarbagataysky District of the Republic of Buryatia
Kuytun, Shelekhovsky District, Irkutsk Oblast, a settlement in Shelekhovsky District, Irkutsk Oblast
Kuytun, Zabaykalsky Krai, a settlement in Krasnokamensky District of Zabaykalsky Krai
References
The Fast Mail was a Southern Railway mail and express train that operated between Washington, D.C. and New Orleans, Louisiana. The southbound Fast Mail carried the train number of 97, and was later known by the nickname of "Old 97". One such trip made by the train, on September 27, 1903, derailed at Stillhouse Trestle in Danville, Virginia, and was later known as the "Wreck of the Old 97", which the service was most well known for.
The train's normal consist was two railway post office (RPO) cars, one express car, and one baggage car. It was the first exclusively mail and express train in the southern United States, and it was the last fast mail train in the United States to receive a subsidy for its fast service schedule.
History
Background
The Railway Mail Service was established in the United States in the late 1860s, following the successful introduction of a dedicated railway post office (RPO) car on the Chicago and North Western Railway between Chicago and Clinton, Iowa, in 1864. As service improved and railroads were able to operate at faster speeds through the latter part of the 19th century, Fast Mail trains were introduced across the country beginning in 1875 on the New York Central Railroad and the Pennsylvania Railroad. A decade later, the Post Office Department hailed the importance of fast mail service saying in an 1884 report to congress:
"The establishment of this fast mail system is a vast improvement over the old service on slow passenger trains that were subject to frequent delays and failures to connect. The mails are now carried on special mail trains that have the right of way over all others, and are rarely behind time."
Their high speed service captured the attention of the country and also became the subjects of experiments in high-speed photography, such as by Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad's official photographer Allen Green and their series of photographs of Burlington's Fast Mail trains. Fast mail trains, which often included a rider coach for the post office crew, were known to be a faster passenger ride, albeit often at a higher fare, than the railroad companies' premiere passenger trains.
Southern Railway service
Southern had been successfully operating fast mail service over its tracks since the 19th century, with one report in 1899 noting that Southern's service between New York and Atlanta, Georgia, was an average of faster than the fastest similar service operated by New York Central between New York and Chicago. As Southern Railway and the Post Office Department studied the service, local civic and government leaders along the route provided endorsements hoping to see a better funded fast mail service. Another Southern Railway southbound Fast Mail train, number 35 which was scheduled to depart Washington at 11:15 am, had already been providing connecting passenger service from Philadelphia beginning in 1901. A 1901 Senate report recommended that a portion of the Post Office Department's appropriations should be used as "'special facility' pay" to fund a dedicated fast mail service on the Southern Railway.
Southern Railway inaugurated its dedicated Fast Mail service on November 2, 1902, with its first run to Atlanta done in a record 22 hours, and the train maintained its record-setting pace arriving in New Orleans after 33 hours. On its southbound run, train 97 normally carried no passengers other than the train and mail crews. The Pennsylvania Railroad operated the train between New York City and Washington, where it was handed off to Southern Railway. Southern Pacific Railroad also collaborated with a connection in New Orleans on its own fast mail trains westward into Texas.
Southern's cancellation
Rumors circulated in 1904 of the train's possible discontinuance; these were soon refuted by railway officials. In the 1906 appropriations bill worth over $191 million to fund the Post Office Department, the provision for $167,000 to pay for Southern's Fast Mail service was the only part of the bill that was disputed. The appropriations bill passed the House by only one vote before it was sent to the Senate. In the Senate, the train's subsidy was again a point of contention for the appropriations bill. With the loss of funding from the appropriations bill, train 97 was discontinued on January 1, 1907, making it the last fast mail train in the United States to receive a subsidy for its rapid service schedule. In the following years, Representative Kitchin's 1906 amendment to end the train's subsidy was used as a campaign issue against him.
Similar services reused the name and took its place such that by 1909, the southbound train was renumbered to 37, while its northbound equivalent was renumbered to 36. These other trains, unlike train 97, also carried sleeping cars and dining cars for passenger services.
Accidents and incidents
On October 12, 1902, the northbound Fast Mail derailed as it accelerated out of Greensboro, North Carolina. The train had just gotten up to when the locomotive ran over a small piece of iron just long that was left on the track and derailed. The engineer was able to bring the train to a stop a little more than later with all the rolling stock remaining upright. After about an hour, the locomotive was rerailed and the train was again back on its journey northward.
The September 1903 accident inspired the famous railroad ballad - Wreck of the Old 97. As mentioned in some versions of the song, Old 97's locomotive, a class F-14 4-6-0 No. 1102 did make it to Spencer, North Carolina. It was hauled to the Southern Railway Spencer Shops where it was repaired and placed back into regular service for many years afterwards. In 1947, the Virginia Department of Conservation and Recreation erected a memorial plaque near the location of the eponymous accident.
Southern Railway's train 97 had previously been in another fatal accident earlier in 1903. On April 13, Train 97 left Washington at 8:00 am en route to New Orleans. As the train approached Lexington, it struck a large rock on the track causing the train to derail and become ditched killing the engineer and firefighter. The locomotive that pulled the train is unknown. Southern #1102 had yet to be delivered to the railroad at that time.
Another accident involving this train occurred on June 8, 1903, near Fort Mill, South Carolina. Freight train number 74 had been given orders to wait at Fort Mill for train 97 to pass, but the engine crew misinterpreted the order and proceeded onto the single-track line. The two trains collided head-on about north of Fort Mill, knocking both train's engines off the track and completely destroying the first RPO of train 97. The crewmen in both engines were able to jump to safety and the mail crew on the Fast Mail were far enough back that they sustained only minor injuries.
On February 16, 1911, a group of men stopped and robbed the northbound Fast Mail in the early morning near Gainesville, Georgia. The thieves set off explosives in the express car to gain access to safes that were carried on it, and were reported as stealing packages worth $14,000 (). Posses were organized to find the perpetrators. After the robbery, the train crew was able to continue the train's regular northward journey, arriving at Greenville, South Carolina, with a visibly damaged express car, only 40 minutes behind its regular schedule; following a crew change there, the train continued on its regular route northward. The perpetrators and some of the loot were found and the men were arrested on March 1.
References
General
Specific
Further reading
External links
Photo of September 1903 wreck aftermath The Charlotte News (October 3, 1946), via Newspapers.com
Photos of September 1903 wreck Roanoke Public Libraries
Named passenger trains of the United States
Passenger trains of the Southern Railway (U.S.)
Railway services introduced in 1902
Railway services discontinued in 1907
Railway services discontinued in 1971
Jewel Ponferada (born July 8, 1988) is a Filipino professional basketball player for the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). They were selected 13th overall in the 2012 PBA draft by the San Mig Coffee Mixers.
College career
Ponferada played for the NU Bulldogs. They mostly played center during their stay there, but also played power forward. They made a game-winning triple with 2.9 seconds left to prevent the Adamson Falcons from immediately claiming a spot in the Final Four.
Professional career
San Mig Coffee Mixers
Ponferada was drafted by the Mixers along with big men Aldrech Ramos and Gian Chiu. They were able to win a championship during their time there in the 2013 Governors' Cup. Before the following conference, they were traded to Globalport.
Globalport Batang Pier
The Globalport Batang Pier acquired Ponferada with a 2017 second round pick. On August 16, 2015, Ponferada and a 2015 second round pick (who later turned out to be Simon Enciso) was traded by the Batang Pier to the Rain or Shine Elasto Painters in exchange for Jervy Cruz.
Rain or Shine Elasto Painters
In the 2015–16 Philippine Cup, Ponferada registered career-highs of 18 points and 13 rebounds. In the Commissioner's Cup, they won a championship with Rain or Shine. During the Governor's Cup, they were suspended for one game for committing two flagrant fouls against the Mahindra Enforcers.
In the 2016–17 Philippine Cup, they posted a new career-high of 22 points, while also grabbing 9 rebounds. The following Philippine Cup, they made five of their seven attempts from three-point range to finish with 17 points, 3 rebounds, and a block in a win against the San Miguel Beermen.
Before the 2021 Philippine Cup, Ponferada's contract was extended. They scored 17 points to lead the team in a loss to the Northport Batang Pier.
PBA career statistics
As of the end of 2021 season
Season-by-season averages
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | San Mig Coffee
| 14 || 3.9 || .538 || – || .000 || .9 || .1 || – || .1 || 1.1
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | GlobalPort
| 20 || 10.7 || .549 || – || .571 || 2.9 || .4 || .2 || .3 || 3.4
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | GlobalPort
| 28 || 13.9 || .333 || – || .520 || 3.8 || .3 || .1 || .4 || 2.3
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Rain or Shine
| 53 || 16.7 || .500 || .385 || .758 || 3.6 || .8 || .3 || .5 || 6.4
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Rain or Shine
| 37 || 13.7 || .448 || .296 || .623 || 3.2 || .5 || .2 || .7 || 4.8
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Rain or Shine
| 39 || 14.0 || .472 || .297 || .741 || 3.4 || .7 || .3 || .4 || 5.9
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Rain or Shine
| 48 || 13.4 || .387 || .300 || .589 || 2.7 || .6 || .3 || .4 || 4.5
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Rain or Shine
| 12 || 14.3 || .451 || .083 || .654 || 3.2 || .8 || .3 || .5 || 5.3
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Rain or Shine
| 22 || 11.8 || .368 || .400 || .649 || 2.3 || .7 || .2 || .6 || 4.6
|-class=sortbottom
| align=center colspan=2 | Career
| 273 || 13.4 || .444 || .313 || .659 || 3.1 || .6 || .2 || .5 || 4.7
References
External links
PBA.ph profile
1988 births
Living people
Filipino men's basketball players
Power forwards (basketball)
Centers (basketball)
Magnolia Hotshots players
NU Bulldogs men's basketball players
People from Borongan
Basketball players from Eastern Samar
NorthPort Batang Pier players
Rain or Shine Elasto Painters players
Magnolia Hotshots draft picks
Carl von Thieme (born 30 April 1844, Erfurt – died 10 October 1924, Munich) was a German banker.
Their father was the director of German insurance company Thuringia. In 1880, they founded together with Wilhelm von Finck and Theodor von Cramer-Klett the German insurance company Munich Re, and in 1890 in Berlin was, with von Finck, co-founder of Allianz AG, a financial services company. Thieme was general director of Munich Re until 1922.
Awards
1914: Merit Order of the Bavarian Crown
References
External links
MunichRe: Carl von Thieme
19th-century German businesspeople
Businesspeople in insurance
German company founders
German bankers
Businesspeople from Erfurt
1844 births
1924 deaths
The Open Data-Link Interface (ODI), developed by Apple and Novell, serves the same function as Microsoft and 3COM's Network Driver Interface Specification (NDIS). Originally, ODI was written for NetWare and Macintosh environments. Like NDIS, ODI provides rules that establish a vendor-neutral interface between the protocol stack and the adapter driver. It resides in Layer 2, the Data Link layer, of the OSI model. This interface also enables one or more network drivers to support one or more protocol stacks.
See also
Network Driver Interface Specification (NDIS)
Uniform Driver Interface (UDI)
Universal Network Device Interface (UNDI)
PC/TCP Packet Driver
Virtual Loadable Module (VLM)
NetWare I/O Subsystem (NIOS)
Personal NetWare (PNW)
DR-WebSpyder
Computer networks
"The Wheel of Hurt" is the title of a popular song from 1966 (see 1966 in music). The song was written by Charles Singleton and Eddie Snyder.
Two versions of "The Wheel of Hurt" were released in late 1966 at virtually the same time. One version was sung by Italian American singer Al Martino, and this was a modest hit, peaking at #59 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and at #12 on the Billboard Easy Listening chart in late 1966.
The second version of "The Wheel of Hurt" was by the American performer Margaret Whiting, a noted singer who had over 40 charting hit singles in the U.S. between 1946 and 1954. Released from their album of the same name, "The Wheel of Hurt" was Whiting's attempt at a comeback; in an interview with Billboard magazine from 1966, Whiting told Claude Hall that they "wanted to have a hit record again. Bobby Darin and Frank Sinatra proved it could be done." "The Wheel of Hurt" was Whiting's final song to hit the Top 40 on the Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at #26. The song also spent four weeks at #1 on the Easy Listening chart in November 1966.
Other artists have recorded "The Wheel of Hurt", including country music singer Eddy Arnold.
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1966 (U.S.)
References
1966 singles
Margaret Whiting songs
Eddy Arnold songs
Songs written by Eddie Snyder
Songs written by Charles Singleton (songwriter)
1966 songs
London Records singles
“To Atlanta” (This is Atlanta) is a single by Edyta Górniak for the 1996 Olympic Games.
Background
"To Atlanta" was the Polish anthem for the Olympic Games '96 which took place in Atlanta, USA. The single was released exclusively in Poland and was produced for Polish Olympic Foundation. The song has never been released on any of Edyta's albums.
The single cover includes pictures of Edyta (by Marlena Bielińska) as well as various athletes (by IndexStock).
Track listing
CD
To Atlanta (3:41)
To Atlanta (wersja akustyczna) (3:49)
To Atlanta (wersja symfoniczna) (3:03)
Cassette
To Atlanta (3:41)
To Atlanta (wersja akustyczna) (3:49)
To Atlanta (wersja symfoniczna) (3:03)
References
1996 singles
1996 songs
Čečina is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 190 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Atazanavir/cobicistat, sold under the brand name Evotaz, is a fixed-dose combination antiretroviral medication used to treat and prevent HIV/AIDS. It contains atazanavir and cobicistat. Atazanavir is an HIV protease inhibitor and cobicistat is an inhibitor of cytochrome P450 (CYP) enzymes of the CYP3A family.
Atazanavir/cobicistat was approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for medical use in the United States in January 2015. It was approved for medical use in the European Union in July 2015.
Medical uses
Atazanavir/cobicistat is indicated for use in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV‑1 infection in people weighing at least .
References
External links
Antiretroviral drugs
Bristol Myers Squibb
Fixed dose combination (antiretroviral)
Cusick Motorsports is an American auto racing team that currently competes in the IndyCar Series and IMSA and IMSA SportsCar Championship. In IndyCar, they currently field Stefan Wilson in the #25 Dallara UAK18-Chevrolet Indy V6, in conjunction with DragonSpeed and A. J. Foyt Enterprises. In IMSA, they field the #99 Porsche 911 GT3 R for Rob Ferriol, Katherine Legge, Wilson and Nick Boulle, in conjunction with Team Hardpoint.
History
IndyCar Series
2021
The team would first begin to compete in 2021, with Wilson driving the #25 Lohla Sport Dallara-Honda HI12TT/R at the Indianapolis 500. The entry would be fielded in conjunction with Andretti Autosport.
Wilson would successfully qualify for the race at a four-lap average speed of 229.714 miles per hour, which would put them in the 29th place starting position. On lap 34, Wilson would crash out in the pit lane, causing them to retire, with 32 laps complete, in 33rd (last) place. Wilson stated that the crash was due to the brakes locking as they slowed their car to meet the pit lane speed limit.
2022
Cusick returned in 2022 with Wilson driving at Indianapolis in the #25 Gnarly Jerky/Lohala Sport/Sierra Pacific Windows Dallara-Chevrolet. The entry was done in conjunction with DragonSpeed (who provided the pit crew members) and Foyt (who provided the equipment).
For qualifying, Wilson did not make an attempt, due to their engine having an issue stemming from the second gear being where the third was supposed to be, meaning that when Wilson shifted to what was supposed the third gear, the engine spun beyond its threshold. In the race, Wilson started 33rd (last) and would ultimately finish (two laps down) in 26th place.
IMSA SportsCar Championship
2022
In 2022, Cusick expanded their operations to IMSA. In a partnership with Hardpoint, the team would field the #99 Grid Rival Porsche in the Grand Touring Daytona (GTD) class. Cusick's involvement would only be for the endurance races, where Wilson would race.
At the 24 Hours of Daytona, Wilson joined Ferriol, Legge and Boulle. The car would start in 53rd and complete 672 of 761 laps, causing them to finish in 38th place overall and 10th (out of 24 cars) class.
Then, at the 12 Hours of Sebring, Legge, Wilson and Ferriol drove the car. They qualified in 52nd place (out of 53 cars) and would improve their finish, from Daytona, to eighth in class and 33rd overall.
References
External links
Official Website
American auto racing teams
Auto racing teams established in 2021
IndyCar Series teams
Sport clubs established in 2021
WeatherTech SportsCar Championship teams
The Moosalb (also Moosalbe) is a stream in West Palatinate in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. The upper Moosalb valley is also called the Hammertal ("hammer mill valley") on account of the many witnesses, in the form of ruined buildings and structures, to the iron smelting and working industries of the 18th and 19th centuries.
Course and tributaries
The Moosalb rises in the heart of the Palatine Forest west of the Palatine Watershed at a height of about 450 metres. East of its source lies the village of Johanniskreuz which belongs to Trippstadt. Initially the Moosalb flows roughly westwards before heading south. After just under 26 km it empties into the Schwarzbach, also known here as the Burgalbe, at Waldfischbach-Burgalben.
The biggest tributary of the Moosalb is the 15.8 km long Aschbach, which – like the Moosalb comes from the Palatine Forest. It joins from the right at Karlstal station and delivers more than half as much water again as the Moosalb. At Steinalben it is joined from the right by the Queidersbach, whose source lies on the Sickingen Heights.
Sights
Karlstal – upstream of the confluence of the Moosabl with the Aschbach is the valley of Karlstal, a largely natural and rocky narrow valley, about 4 kilometres long.
Amseldell – on the left-hand side of the Karlstal lies a formerly occupied rock cave and far above the Amseldell, a ruined site from the 19th century that formerly had a labyrinth, a firing range and a hut.
Klug'sche Mühle – The mill of Klug'sche Mühle on the Moosalb, near the lower end of the Karlstal, was converted to a restaurant after being restored. Before it transferred to the ownership of the Klug family in 1842, whose descendants still run it today, it was called the Wilensteiner Mühle.
Unterhammer – The site of Unterhammer was a former iron hammer mill and now a monument to early industrial history in the Palatinate.
Wilenstein Castle – On the right and above the Karlstal valley lie the ruins of at a height of 400 metres. it was built in the mid-12th century. The present day Wilenstein Castle Youth Hostel (Jugendheim Burg Wilenstein) is home to a rural educational home (Schullandheim), school and youth groups.
Trippstadt Church – The baroque church in Trippstadt was built in 1744/45 on the foundations of its Gothic predecessor.
Trippstadt House – Trippstadt House (Trippstadter Schloss), designed in the baroque style from bunter sandstone from the region, was built from 1764 to 1767 to plans and under the direction of Zweibrücken architect, Sigmund Jacob Haeckher. The associated park (Schlosspark) was originally laid out along strict geometric lines in the Versailles style and was considerably larger than it is today.
Brunnenstollen – The Trippstadt ("spring tunnel") was completed in 1767. The structure, built by driving the tunnel simultaneously from both ends, as in classical antiquity, provided the municipality with drinking water until 1965. The Brunnenstollen is a unique structure monument within Europe.
Iron Smelting Museum – The Trippstadt Iron Smelting Museum (Eisenhüttenmuseum Trippstadt) documents the boom time of the iron smelting industry, which the village experienced around the middle of the 19th century.
See also
List of rivers of Rhineland-Palatinate
External links
Karlstal
Unterhammer in the Karlstal
Rivers of Rhineland-Palatinate
Rivers and lakes of the Palatinate Forest
Rivers of Germany
The University of Toamasina (French: Université de Tamatave) is a public university in Toamasina, Madagascar. The university campus is located in Barikadimy west of the city of Toamasina, the capital of Atsinanana on the east side of Madagascar.
The school was formerly part of the University of Madagascar system, along with public universities in Antananarivo, Antsiranana, Mahajanga, Toliara and Fianarantsoa. In 1988 that system was reorganized and the member schools became separate institutions.
It runs the CEREL Museum.
External links
University of Toamasina
Universities in Madagascar
University of Toamasina
Educational institutions established in 1988
1988 establishments in Madagascar
The 2007 Florida State Seminoles football team represented Florida State University during the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by Bobby Bowden and played their home games at Doak Campbell Stadium in Tallahassee, Florida. They were members of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC) and the Atlantic Division.
Florida State entered the 2007 season coming off a 2006 season that ended with an overall record of 7–6, which was head coach Bobby Bowden's worst since having a losing record in 1976, matching that mark in 2007. These wins were later vacated as punishment for violations of NCAA rules.
Preseason
The Seminoles were picked by the ACC media as the preseason favorite to win the ACC's Atlantic Division.
Tony Carter and Myron Rolle were named to the Thorpe Watch List
Greg Carr, Andre Fluellen, and Myron Rolle were named to the preseason All-ACC Team
Everette Brown, Jackie Claude, Geno Hayes, and Myron Rolle were named to the Preseason All-ACC Second-Team by Athlon Magazine
Greg Carr was named to the Maxwell Award watch list
Andre Fluellen, Tony Carter, and Myron Rolle were named to the Bednarik Award watch list.
Andre Fluellen was named to the Outland Trophy watch list
Tony Carter was named All-ACC Second-Team by The Sporting News and Rivals.com
Mid-season awards
Myron Rolle was named to the CoSIDA Academic All-District Team
Gary Cismesia was named as a semifinalist for the Lou Groza Award
Postseason awards
Schedule
Recruits
Starting lineup
Offense
Offensive Coordinator/ Quarterbacks Coach: Jimbo Fisher (1st year)
Defense
Associate Head Coach/ Defensive Coordinator: Mickey Andrews (24th year)
Base Defense: 4–3 Multiple
Special teams
Injured players
Other coaches
Executive Head Coach/ Linebackers – Chuck Amato
Assistant Head Coach/ Offensive Line – Rick Trickett
Defensive Ends/ Special Teams Coordinator – Jody Allen
Tight Ends/ Recruiting Coordinator – John Lilly
Wide Receivers – Lawrence Dawsey
Running Backs – Dexter Carter
Defensive Tackles – Odell Haggins
Strength and Conditioning – Todd Stroud
Graduate Assistant/ Defense – James Colzie
Graduate Assistant/ Defensive Backs – Terrell Buckley
Game capsules
The records in parenthesis indicate the opposing team's record at the time Florida State played them, NOT Florida State's record.
Clemson
Pregame Line: FSU −3.5
Florida State's terrible first half on both sides of the ball lead to a 24–3 deficit. The Seminoles made adjustments at halftime and swung the momentum in their direction holding Clemson to just 46 yards in the 2nd half. FSU had 196 2nd half yards led by Running Back, Antone Smith. Drew Weatherford and the Seminole offense couldn't shake the Clemson pressure in the second-to-last drive of the game, getting to the Clemson 30-yard line, but falling short of the end zone.
2 bomb threats for a building on campus (not the stadium) were emailed to Clemson University Police. As a precaution, extra security was at the stadium.
Ann Bowden, wife to Bobby (FSU Head Coach) and mother to Tommy (Clemson Head Coach), was not in attendance.
Florida State Safety, Mister Alexander, tore their ACL during the game and will be out for the rest of the season.
Clemson jumped from 41 to 25 in the AP Poll and from 35 to 26 in the USA Today Coaches Poll.
FSU fell from 19 to 36 in the AP Poll and fell from 21 to 38 in the USA Today Coaches Poll.
UAB
Pregame Line: FSU −34.5
The Seminoles got off to another slow start. On Florida State's first drive, Drew Weatherford threw their first interception in 70-plus attempts and it was returned for a touchdown to put UAB up 7–0. The Seminoles scored 21 points in the third quarter to overcome a 17–3 deficit. They won the game, 34–24.
Antone Smith left the game with a concussion.
Florida State dropped from the USA Today Coaches Poll.
Florida State jumped from 36 to 35 in the AP Poll.
Colorado
Pregame Line: FSU −6
The game was mostly a defensive struggle. Late in the 1st quarter, Antone Smith broke away for a 36-yard touchdown run. For the rest of the game, Florida State's offense could not score, even when, at one point, their starting field position was at the Colorado 15-yard line. Instead, they had to settle for three field goals by Gary Cismesia. With 3:40 remaining in the game, Colorado scored a touchdown on a 4th-and-10 play from the Florida State 11-yard line. However, the 2-point conversion attempt failed, and the Seminoles recovered the ensuing onside kick to preserve the victory.
Alabama
The game got off to another very slow start. It was another first half full of defense. In the 2nd quarter, an ineffective Drew Weatherford was pulled for Xavier Lee. After a halftime score of 0–0, Lee led a strong drive to put FSU up 7–0. After a forced fumble by Everette Brown, a toss sweep to Antone Smith put FSU up 14–0. Alabama's offense took advantage of FSU's prevent defense to score a TD to make it 14–7. Lee then hit Decody Fagg on a 75-yard pass to put FSU up 21–7. Alabama scored late to make it 21–14, but FSU recovered the onside kick, and held on for a 21–14 win.
NC State
Pregame Line:
Xavier Lee, making their first start of the season at quarterback, ran 2 yards for the Seminoles' first touchdown 2:11 into the game, three plays after a 58-yard pass to Greg Carr on the game's first play. Although N.C. State (1–5, 0–3 ACC) led 10–7 in the first quarter, it was again plagued by four turnovers—boosting its number to 21 in coach Tom O'Brien's first year at the school. Michael Ray Garvin returned an interception 43 yards for a touchdown to spark Florida State's scoring. Garvin, a track All-American who finished sixth in the 100 meters at the NCAA finals and ran a leg on Florida State's championship 400-meter relay team, gave Florida State a 17–10 lead early in the third quarter with their first interception of the season. The game was delayed late in the third quarter for 49 minutes because of a lightning threat. Greg Carr caught a 40-yard touchdown pass early in the fourth quarter to give the Seminoles a 24–10 lead. Daniel Evans was intercepted three times Saturday—once at the end of the half that killed a Wolfpack drive that had reached Florida State's 26. It was the first game against North Carolina State for former Wolfpack coach Chuck Amato, who returned to Florida State to be an assistant after getting fired by N.C. State after last season. The Seminoles snapped a string of eight straight losses against Atlantic Division rivals. N.C. State has now lost a dozen straight game against Bowl Subdivision (formerly I-A) schools.
Wake Forest
Pregame Line: FSU −4.5
Wake Forest's defense in the first half allowed two big plays that set up the Seminoles' two scoring drives, then shut them down after halftime. Wake Forest moved 80 yards in nine plays late in the third quarter to force a 14–14 tie – a drive that started when Alphonso Smith intercepted Lee in the end zone. Skinner capped the drive with a nifty play in which they faked a handoff to Adams, deked like they would roll right and instead reversed field and flipped to the wide-open tailback for a 6-yard score. The Demon Deacons forced five second-half punts, intercepted two passes and allowed 105 total yards after the break – with a good chunk coming after Swank's late kick. Florida State's rushing offense never could get going, finishing with 47 yards on 24 carries. Riley Skinner's 35-yard touchdown pass to Kenneth Moore in the fourth quarter led the Demon Deacons past Florida State 24–21 and helped the sophomore quarterback improve to 2–0 against their home state school that didn't recruit him. Skinner led the Demon Deacons 82 yards in nine plays, converting three third downs during their game-winning drive. The biggest came when Skinner sidestepped a pass rush, stepped forward in the pocket and found Moore, who had a step on cornerback Jamie Robinson at the goal line, for the easy score that put Wake Forest up 21–14 with 6:41 remaining. Florida State gave the ball right back to Wake Forest on the first play of its ensuing drive, when Chip Vaughn intercepted Xavier Lee's deep pass at the 26. The Demon Deacons milked the clock and set up Sam Swank's 48-yard field goal with 1:40 to play that made it a 10-point game. Lee scored on a 17-yard run with 17 seconds left to draw the Seminoles within three, but Wake Forest recovered an onside kick to seal it. The defending league champs rallied in the second half to follow up last year's stunning 30–0 rout in Tallahassee by claiming the first consecutive wins over the Seminoles (4–2, 1–2) in school history.
Miami
Pregame Line: FSU −5
Florida State and Miami both entered this game unranked for the first time since 1977. The teams exchanged turnovers (nine total, five by FSU) and scores, keeping things close for most of the game. With 5:29 left in the fourth quarter, the Hurricanes, trailing 29–24, appeared to have lost their best chance to win when Kirby Freeman was stopped for no gain on a fourth-and-1 at the Florida State 1. But Freeman, who replaced injured Kyle Wright in the first half, drove Miami 83 yards in under two minutes to take the lead 30–29 on a 13-yard pass to Dedrick Epps with 1:15 left. FSU quarterback Xavier Lee, who was intercepted twice, then fumbled after being hit by Miami's Teraz McCray, and Colin McCarthy ran it in for the clincher. This was the first game since 2001 that was decided by more than a touchdown.
Duke
Pregame Line:
Florida State led 9–0 at halftime on three field goals by Gary Cismesia. After going more than five quarters without an offensive touchdown, the Seminoles made it to the end zone six minutes into the third quarter when Parker raced 9 yards with a short sideline pass from Drew Weatherford, giving Florida State a 16–0 lead. Parker scored their second TD late in the third quarter on a 14-yard run to make the score 22–0. After Cismesia kicked their fourth field goal, Duke (1–7, 0–5 ACC) avoided a shutout when Thaddeus Lewis lofted a 3-yard pass to a wide-open Brandon King in the right front corner of the end zone with 8:07 left. Florida State (5–3, 2–3 ACC) rolled up a season-high 534 yards and 30 first downs while holding Duke to 222 yards and 9 first downs. The Blue Devils managed only 49 yards and two first downs in the first half. Patrick Robinson had an interception for the fourth straight game. Florida State ended a two-game losing streak with a 25–6 victory over Duke, handing the Blue Devils' their 22nd straight Atlantic Coast Conference loss.
#2 Boston College
Pregame Line: FSU +7½
The game began in a frigid and soaking downpour, with wind gusts forecast at up to 50 mph as the remnants of Hurricane Noel proceeded up the East Coast. The rain had stopped by the end of the first quarter, but the winds battered the U.S. flag and played havoc with a couple of second-quarter field goal attempts. Drew Weatherford completed 29-of-45 passes for 354 yards for Florida State (6–3, 3–3), hitting Preston Parker nine times for 93 yards and a touchdown and De'Cody Fagg on six catches for 111 yards and a TD. Matt Ryan finished 25-for-53 for two touchdowns and 415 yards—his fourth career 400-yard game, tying Doug Flutie for the most in school history, but their interceptions were costly. Ryan was picked off once in the first quarter inside the Seminoles 10 by Patrick Robinson, making this their fifth consecutive game recovering an interception. Ryan also threw an interception early in the third that allowed Florida State to move into position for a 40-yard field goal that made it 10–0. Ryan led BC on a four-play, 70-yard drive over 63 seconds, hitting Ryan Purvis for 26 yards to the Florida State 30, and then Brandon Robinson for the touchdown. The teams traded field goals, then Weatherford hit Fagg on a 42-yard touchdown pass to give the Seminoles a 20–10 lead. Ryan hit Rich Gunnell on a 42-yard pass to the Florida State 6 with 7:24 left. Two plays later, including a penalty that moved the ball to the 3, Ryan hit a wide-open Purvis in the middle of the end zone to make it 20–17. BC forced a punt and got the ball back at its own 7 with 3:30 left and a chance to take the lead. Ryan moved the Eagles out to the 33 before Hayes ripped the ball free from Purvis on a pass across the middle. Geno Hayes returned Matt Ryan's third interception for a 38-yard touchdown with 1:10 to play to help Florida State beat second-ranked Boston College 27–17, ending the Eagles' run at an unbeaten season.
#11 Virginia Tech
Pregame Line: FSU +6½
Christian Ponder had a solid showing after taking over for the injured Drew Weatherford, until the 4th quarter when they lost a fumble and threw two consecutive interceptions, which sealed the loss for the Seminoles. Emergency quarterback D'Vontrey Richardson came in for just one snap late in the 4th and was brought down in the endzone for a safety.
Maryland
Pregame Line: FSU −7½
#14 Florida
Pregame Line: FSU +14.5
Music City Bowl vs. Kentucky
Pregame Line:
The Seminoles entered the game without 34 players due to a various injury, violating of team rules, and a large academic cheating scandal.
In September 2011 it was revealed through and interview in USA Today, Bowden had been diagnosed and treated for prostate cancer in 2007.
References
Florida State
Florida State Seminoles football seasons
Florida State Seminoles football
Commander Charles K. Belknap Jr. (September 6, 1880 - December 29, 1954) was the commander of the USS Ammen (DD-35) in 1913. They were the censor for the United States Navy in 1917.
Biography
They were born on September 6, 1880 in Concord, Massachusetts to Charles K. Belknap Sr. They attended Yale University from 1898 to 1899, the United States Naval Academy from 1899 to 1903. They married Gladys Goodrich on October 26, 1909 in Pomfret, Connecticut.
Belknap was the commander of the destroyer USS Ammen (DD-35) in 1913 and attended the Naval War College from 1915 to 1916. They were promoted to the rank of lieutenant commander on August 29, 1916.
World War I
After the United States' declaration of war on Germany in April 1917, Belknap worked as a censor for the United States Navy. Due to a shortage of experienced officers, they received a temporary promotion to commander on January 1, 1918.
On January 9, 1918, shortly after their promotion to commander, Belknap was appointed director of the newly formed Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS). In this position, Belknap was responsible for Navy cargo ships and all auxiliary vessels not assigned to the fleet or the various naval districts.
Later life
After the war's conclusion, Belknap resigned from the Navy on December 7, 1919.
They died on December 29, 1954 in St. Louis, Missouri. They were buried in the United States Naval Academy Cemetery.
Awards
In 1919 Belknap received the Navy Cross from the Navy and also the Distinguished Service Medal from the Army for their service with the Naval Overseas Transportation Service during World War I. They were one of a very few individuals to receive both the Navy Cross and the Army Distinguished Service Medal.
They were also entitled to the Victory Medal.
References
External links
Charles Belknap, Jr. at Together We Served
}
Yale University alumni
Belknap Charles
Naval War College alumni
Burials at the United States Naval Academy Cemetery
1880 births
1954 deaths
People from Concord, Massachusetts
United States Navy officers
Military personnel from Massachusetts
Capital punishment is a legal penalty in the U.S. state of Idaho.
Legal process
When the prosecution seeks the death penalty, the sentence is decided by the jury and must be unanimous.
In case of a hung jury during the penalty phase of the trial, a life sentence is issued, even if a single juror opposed death (there is no retrial).
The power of clemency belongs to the Idaho Commission of Pardons and Parole.
Lethal injection is the only method of execution authorized by statutes.
Men on death row are incarcerated in Idaho Maximum Security Institution near Kuna, and women in Pocatello Women's Correctional Center.
Capital crimes
First-degree murder can be punished with death if it involves any of the following aggravating factors:
The defendant was previously convicted of another murder;
At the time the murder was committed, the defendant also committed another murder;
The defendant knowingly created a great risk of death to many persons;
The murder was committed for remuneration or the promise of remuneration, or the defendant employed another to commit the murder for remuneration or the promise of remuneration;
The murder was especially heinous, atrocious or cruel, manifesting exceptional depravity;
By the murder, or circumstances surrounding its commission, the defendant exhibited utter disregard for human life;
The murder was committed in the perpetration of, or attempt to perpetrate, arson, rape, robbery, burglary, kidnapping or mayhem and the defendant killed, intended to kill, or acted with reckless indifference to human life;
The murder was committed in the perpetration of, or attempt to perpetrate, an infamous crime against nature, lewd and lascivious conduct with a minor, sexual abuse of a child under 16 years of age, ritualized abuse of a child, sexual exploitation of a child, sexual battery of a minor child 16 or 17 years of age, or forcible sexual penetration by use of a foreign object, and the defendant killed, intended to kill, or acted with reckless indifference to human life;
The defendant, by their conduct, whether such conduct was before, during or after the commission of the murder at hand, has exhibited a propensity to commit murder which will probably constitute a continuing threat to society;
The murder was committed against a former or present peace officer, executive officer, officer of the court, judicial officer or prosecuting attorney because of the exercise of official duty or because of the victim's former or present official status;
The murder was committed against a witness or potential witness in a criminal or civil legal proceeding because of such proceeding.
Under Title 18, Chapter 45, Section 05 (4505) of the Idaho Statutes, the death penalty can also apply for kidnapping in the first-degree, provided that the kidnapping involved any of the following aggravating factors:
The victim of the kidnapping was subjected by the kidnapper or those acting in concert with them to torture, maiming or the intentional infliction of grievous mental or physical injury;
The defendant knowingly created a great risk of death to any person, including the kidnapped;
The kidnapping was committed for remuneration or the promise of remuneration or the defendant employed another to commit the kidnapping for remuneration or the promise of remuneration;
The kidnapping was especially heinous, atrocious or cruel, manifesting exceptional depravity; or
The kidnapping was committed for the purpose of murdering or maiming a witness or potential witness in a judicial proceeding.
Idaho statutes provide the death penalty for perjury causing execution of an innocent person as well. The death penalty can be applied in any case for perjury causing execution of an innocent person and no aggravated factors have to be proven in order for the death penalty to be given.
History and methods
Idaho executed 14 men, all by hanging, before its admission to the Union in 1890. Another 12 men were executed, again by hanging, between that time and 1957. Idaho has never executed a woman. There were no executions between 1957 and 1972, when the United States Supreme Court decision Furman v. Georgia struck down all death penalty statutes across the United States and created an effective moratorium on executions.
Idaho passed new statutes on July 7, 1973, and the 1976 case Gregg v. Georgia lifted the moratorium. Firing squad was the state's sole method of execution between that time and the 1978 adoption of lethal injection as a second option. In 2009 the firing squad option was removed, Idaho having never executed an inmate by that method. This left lethal injection as the sole execution method.
See also
List of people executed in Idaho
List of death row inmates in Idaho
Crime in Idaho
Law of Idaho
References
External links
List of Idaho's pre-1972 executions
Idaho execution chamber photo (used only once, for Keith Wells)
Idaho
Idaho law
Ypsolopha walsinghamiella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the United States, including Arizona and California.
The wingspan is about 20–25 mm.
The antennae are whitish, sharply annulated with black. The labial palpi have a very long tuft on the second joint, more than twice as long as terminal joint. They are whitish and thickly mottled with black. The face and head are whitish-gray with a few black scales and the thorax is light iron gray with a central longitudinal darker, blackish line. The forewings are light bluish-gray, overlaid with white, light ochreous, dark gray and black scales. The dark and light scales are so arranged in narrow longitudinal undefined lines as to give the wing an indistinct striated appearance. The extreme dorsal edge is darker than the rest of the wing, blackish fuscous, and is limited above by a thin wavy more or less interrupted white line. Above this line in the dorsal part of the wing are several small tufts of erect black scales. The hindwings are rather dark shining fuscous and the legs and underside of the body are whitish-gray, mottled with black scales.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Emmanuel N. Monfort (born July 2, 1989) is a Filipino basketball coach and former player.  They are an assistant coach for the NLEX Road Warriors of the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA). They were selected 16th overall in the 2012 PBA draft by Barako Bull Energy Cola.
Monfort won three championships during their collegiate career with the Ateneo Blue Eagles in the UAAP from 2009 to 2011.
PBA career
Monfort, often called The Minion, the 16th overall pick in the 2012 PBA draft out of Ateneo De Manila University, played in just 12 games due to various injuries, but when they were on the court, they showed that they could run a team like a veteran in their first team as a professional PBA player.
On October 31, 2013, they were traded to Barangay Ginebra San Miguel to bolster their backcourt sending Robert Labagala to Barako Bull.
On August 25, 2015, they were traded to Barako Bull Energy with Josh Urbiztondo and Jens Knuttel in exchange for Nico Salva and a future first-round pick.
PBA career statistics
As of the end of 2019 season
Season-by-season averages
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barako Bull
| 12 || 27.8 || .361 || .328 || .769 || 2.3 || 5.0 || .8 || .0 || 9.1
|-
| align=left |
| align=left rowspan="2" |Barangay Ginebra
| 34 || 9.9 || .271 || .260 || .750 || 1.4 || 1.4 || .4 || .0 || 1.9
|-
| align=left |
| 20 || 14.5 || .389 || .310 || .833 || 2.7 || 1.7 || .9 || .1 || 2.8
|-
| align=left |
| align=left | Barako Bull / Phoenix / NLEX
| 34 || 16.2 || .357 || .318 || .833 || 1.9 || 2.6 || .9 || .0 || 4.6
|-
| align=left |
| align=left rowspan="3" |NLEX
| 23 || 13.6 || .467 || .364 || .800 || 1.9 || 1.6 || 1.0 || .0 || 3.1
|-
| align=left |
| 20 || 11.1 || .408 || .333 || .533 || 1.9 || 1.7 || .7 || .0 || 2.7
|-
| align=left |
| 3 || 14.6 || .600 || .571 || .667 || 2.3 || 4.0 || .3 || .0 || 6.7
|-class=sortbottom
| align=center colspan=2 | Career
| 146 || 15.4 || .408 || .355 || .741 || 2.1 || 2.6 || .7 || .0 || 4.4
References
1989 births
Living people
Barako Bull Energy players
Barangay Ginebra San Miguel players
Basketball players from Iloilo
Filipino men's basketball players
NLEX Road Warriors players
Philippine Basketball Association All-Stars
Phoenix Super LPG Fuel Masters players
Point guards
Southeast Asian Games gold medalists for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games competitors for the Philippines
Southeast Asian Games medalists in basketball
Philippines men's national basketball team players
Sportspeople from Iloilo City
Ateneo Blue Eagles men's basketball players
Competitors at the 2011 Southeast Asian Games
Barako Bull Energy draft picks
Brain Structure and Function is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on brain structure-function relationships. It was established in 1891 as Anatomische Hefte, renamed first Zeitschrift für Anatomie und Entwicklungsgeschichte in 1921 and then Anatomy and Embryology in 1974, before obtaining its current name in 2007. It is published by Springer Science+Business Media and the editors-in-chief are Michel Thiebaut de Schotten and Susan R. Sesack.
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2020 impact factor of 3.270.
References
External links
Neuroscience journals
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 1891
Isaac L. "Banjo Ikey" Robinson (July 28, 1904 – October 25, 1990) was an American banjoist and vocalist.
Born in Dublin, Virginia, United States, Robinson moved to Chicago, Illinois, in 1926, playing and recording with Jelly Roll Morton, Clarence Williams, and Jabbo Smith during 1928 and 1929. In 1929, Robinson recorded in Chicago with Georgia Tom, billed as The Hokum Boys. Their track, written by Dorsey, "I Had to Give Up Gym" was an early dirty blues song, sometimes described as hokum.
Their groups included Ikey Robinson and their Band (w/ Jabbo Smith), The Hokum Trio, The Pods of Pepper, Windy City Five, and Sloke & Ike.
Film
Louie Bluie (1986). Directed by Terry Zwigoff.
References
External links
WorldCat entry
Ikey Robinson recordings at the Discography of American Historical Recordings.
Findagrave entry
1904 births
1990 deaths
American banjoists
Musicians from Virginia
20th-century American singers
People from Dublin, Virginia
20th-century American male singers
Brown noise can refer to:
Brownian noise, signal noise with a 1/f2 power spectrum
Brown note, a tone at a certain frequency said to cause loss of bowel control
World Wide Recorder Concert, also known as The Brown Noise, an episode of South Park
"My Last" is the lead single by American rapper Big Sean from their debut album Finally Famous. The song features R&B singer Chris Brown. The song is produced by No I.D.
Background
Originally, Sean performed both the verses and the chorus but after Brown turned up at one of Sean's shows, the pair connected and Brown suggested the two work together on a song which resulted in Brown singing the chorus. Brown has also done a freestyle over the track.
Production
"My Last" is a hip hop and R&B song. The song's instrumental was described by Rap-Up as a "bouncy piano-laced beat".
DJBooth.net described the beat as "soft keyboard chords that transition well into the hook where a low bass and snare set the pace for Sean's first verse." Sean revealed they originally rejected the beat but gave it a chance after pressurings by the song's producer No I.D. The song's melody is sampled from the 1988 New Edition hit "Can You Stand the Rain".
Theme
Sean described the song as a "real great party song."
Music video
The music video was shot in West Hollywood, California on March 18, 2011. The music video is directed by TAJ Stansberry and features cameos by former GOOD Music artist Kid Cudi and current GOOD Music artist Teyana Taylor. It debuted on VEVO on March 24, 2011. Chris Brown has also released a music video to their freestyle.
Critical reception
Critical reception of the song has been mostly positive with praise going to the chorus and Sean's verses. Chicago Now described the song as featuring a memorable chorus, memorable verses, and a universal theme praising Big Sean's verses. DJBooth.net also praised Sean's lyrical abilities.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2010 songs
2011 singles
Big Sean songs
Chris Brown songs
Song recordings produced by No I.D.
Songs written by Big Sean
GOOD Music singles
Songs written by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis
Songs written by No I.D.
Reichenbach is a municipality in the district of Kronach in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kronach (district)
was a Japanese linguist.
Biography
Born in Kure, Hiroshima, they received their education in Tokyo. They graduated from the Tokyo Imperial University, now University of Tokyo in 1931. They specialized in Historical Japanese phonology and Historical Chinese phonology, making important contribution to the studies of Jōdai Tokushu Kanazukai and Middle Chinese.
External links
Works on-line
Linguists from Japan
1908 births
1952 deaths
People from Kure, Hiroshima
University of Tokyo alumni
20th-century linguists
Linguists of Japanese
Connor Patrick O'Riordan (born 19 October 2003) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Scottish Championship side Raith Rovers on loan from EFL League Two club Crewe Alexandra.
Career
O'Riordan signed a scholarship deal with Crewe Alexandra's Academy in 2020.
In September 2021, they joined Kidsgrove Athletic on a month-long loan before having a similar spell at Nantwich Town the following month.
Upon returning to Crewe, they made their Crewe debut on 1 December 2021, being named in the starting line-up for an EFL Trophy knock-out game against Doncaster Rovers at Gresty Road. Still an Academy scholar, they made their first league start on 29 January 2022 at Gresty Road against Rotherham United. They signed their first professional deal with the club at the end of the 2021–22 season.
On 5 August 2022, O'Riordan joined Scottish Championship side Raith Rovers on loan until January 2023, making their debut the following day in a 1-0 defeat to Dundee.
They were capped at Under-20 level for the Republic of Ireland in March 2022.
Career statistics
References
Living people
Republic of Ireland association footballers
English Football League players
Northern Premier League players
Crewe Alexandra F.C. players
Kidsgrove Athletic F.C. players
Nantwich Town F.C. players
2003 births
Association football defenders
Raith Rovers F.C. players
Scottish Professional Football League players
Cobra is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Joseph Henabery and starring Rudolph Valentino and Nita Naldi. It is the screen adaptation of the play Cobra written by Martin Brown, which played at the Hudson Theatre on Broadway in 1924.
Cobra has survived, and has been made available to the public on both VHS and DVD by independent film dealers and major movie distributors.
Plot
Valentino plays Count Rodrigo Torriani, an Italian noble. A charming libertine, their weakness is women, who mesmerise and fascinate them – hence the "cobras" referred to in the title of the film, based on the myth that cobras mesmerise their prey.
Roridgo accepts an invitation from friend Jack Dorning (Ferguson) to come to New York City to work as an antiques expert. While the job is rewarding, Rodrigo finds the temptation from the women surrounding him, including Dorning's secretary Mary Drake (Olmstead) and wife Elise (Naldi), challenging.
When Jack is away, Elise says to Rodrigo that they are in love with him. The two embrace and arrange to meet at a hotel. However, after meeting in a room, Rodrigo decides that they cannot betray their friend and leaves the hotel. It turns out to be a fortunate decision; the hotel burns to the ground in the middle of the night, killing Elise.
Rodrigo desperately wants a relationship with Mary. However, after Elise's death, they turn Mary's attentions toward Jack and decides to leave New York. The film ends with Rodrigo gazing out at the sea and the Statue of Liberty as they set sail back to Europe.
Cast
Rudolph Valentino as Count Rodrigo Torriani
Nita Naldi as Elsie Van Zile
Casson Ferguson as Jack Dorning
Gertrude Olmstead as Mary Drake
Hector V. Sarno as Victor Minardi
Claire De Lorez as Rosa Minardi
Eileen Percy as Sophie Binner
Lillian Langdon as Mrs. Porter Palmer
Henry Barrows as the store manager
Rosa Rosanova as Marie (uncredited)
Natasha Rambova as A Dancer (uncredited)
Production
The production of Cobra was marred by bickering and soaring production costs. Furthermore, its studio Paramount Pictures, unhappy with the final film and fearing it would flop with audiences and critics, held off releasing it until Valentino (whose popularity had declined somewhat) appeared in a stronger, unequivocally successful picture. Eventually Cobra was released in late 1925, a few weeks after what proved to be Valentino's comeback feature, The Eagle (1925).
References
External links
1925 films
American black-and-white films
American silent feature films
Films directed by Joseph Henabery
1925 drama films
Silent American drama films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
Trickster was the first album released by Kidneythieves, on July 28, 1998. The album was released with the single "S+M (A Love Song)", as well as "Taxicab Messiah" which had a music video. It was rereleased in 2004 as Trickstereprocess (see below).
Track listing
Taxicab Messiah - 4:20
S+M (A Love Song) - 3:33
Swanmate - 1:04
Feathers - 3:39
Trickster - 4:35
Creature - 4:30
K - 4:05
Pretty - 5:22
Layers - 3:50
Pleasant - 3:35
Mustard Seed - 5:17
Trickstereprocess
Trickstereprocess is a 2004 re-release of the first CD from the Kidneythieves, completely digitally remastered. It includes five new bonus tracks. It also includes a bonus DVD that includes never before seen concert and rehearsal footage, as well as Kidneythieves music videos.
Track listing
CD:
Taxicab Messiah - 4:20
S+M (A Love Song) - 3:33
Swanmate - 1:04
Feathers - 3:39
Trickster - 4:35
Creature - 4:30
K - 4:05
Pretty - 5:22
Layers - 3:50
Pleasant - 3:35
Mustard Seed - 5:17
Veteran - 3:58
Red & Violet - 3:20
Taxicab Messiah (live) - 4:25
Pleasant (live) - 3:37
Before I'm Dead (acoustic) 3:47
DVD:
red & violet [music video]
red & violet [multi-angle music video]
red & violet [boomerang-effect music video]
black bullet [live]
taxicab messiah [live]
before i'm dead [live]
glitter girl [live]
zerospace [live]
dyskrasia [live]
zerospace [music video]
taxicab messiah [music video]
credits
Notes
Some of the songs from this album were featured in the video game Deus Ex: Invisible War. These songs were performed by the in-game character, international pop star NG Resonance (voiced by lead vocalist Free Dominguez). (Tracks: 1 - 5, 9 & 10)
References
External links
1998 albums
2004 albums
Kidneythieves albums
Grady County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 25,011. The county seat is Cairo.
History
Grady County was created by an act of the Georgia General Assembly on August 17, 1905, from portions of Decatur and Thomas Counties.
The county is named for Henry W. Grady, editor of the Atlanta Constitution and noted orator.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.2%) is water.
The bulk of Grady County, centered on Cairo, is located on the Upper Ochlockonee River sub-basin of the larger Ochlockonee River basin. The county's northwestern corner is located in the Lower Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). Grady County's western border, from Whigham south, and all of its southern border, is located in the Lower Ochlockonee River sub-basin of the same Ochlockonee River basin. Finally, a very small chunk of the county's southeastern portion, bisected by U.S. Route 319, is located in the Apalachee Bay-St. Marks sub-basin of the Ochlockonee River basin.
Grady County includes part of the Red Hills Region.
Major highways
U.S. Route 84
U.S. Route 319
State Route 35
State Route 38
State Route 38 Spur
State Route 93
State Route 111
State Route 112
State Route 188
State Route 262
Adjacent counties
Mitchell County - north
Thomas County - east
Leon County, Florida - south
Gadsden County, Florida - southwest
Decatur County - west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 23,659 people, 8,797 households, and 6,509 families living in the county. The population density was 52 people per square mile (20/km2). There were 9,991 housing units at an average density of 22 per square mile (8/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 64.61% White, 30.15% Black or African American, 0.92% Native American, 0.30% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 3.20% from other races, and 0.81% from two or more races. 5.17% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,797 households, out of which 34.10% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 53.10% were married couples living together, 16.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 26.00% were non-families. 22.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.70% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.66 and the average family size was 3.08.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.30% under the age of 18, 9.00% from 18 to 24, 27.90% from 25 to 44, 22.60% from 45 to 64, and 13.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 90.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,656, and the median income for a family was $34,253. Males had a median income of $27,181 versus $20,128 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,278. About 16.70% of families and 21.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.90% of those under age 18 and 19.80% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 25,011 people, 9,418 households, and 6,730 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 10,760 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 62.8% white, 28.7% black or African American, 0.7% American Indian, 0.4% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 5.7% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 10.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.1% were American, 9.2% were English, and 8.6% were Irish.
Of the 9,418 households, 35.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.6% were married couples living together, 16.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 28.5% were non-families, and 24.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.63 and the average family size was 3.10. The median age was 37.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,247 and the median income for a family was $39,159. Males had a median income of $32,396 versus $28,917 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,785. About 22.0% of families and 25.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 37.5% of those under age 18 and 18.7% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 26,236 people, 9,136 households, and 6,320 families residing in the county.
Education
Grady County Schools operates public schools.
Communities
Cities
Cairo
Whigham
Census-designated place
Calvary
Unincorporated communities
Beachton
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Grady County, Georgia
References
External links
Grady County historical marker
GeorgiaInfo Grady County Courthouse history
The New Georgia Encyclopedia entry for Grady County
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1905 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1905
Sue Clowes (born 31 October 1957) is an English textile and fashion designer known for the collection that launched Boy George and Culture Club in 1981.
Childhood and early life
Sue Clowes (Susan Ellen Patricia Clowes) was born on 31 October 1957 in Islington, London, England to William Reginald Clowes and Ellen Atkins.
Education
Clowes attended Camberwell School of Arts and Crafts to study textile design and screen printing.
Career
Textiles and fashion
In 1979, Clowes began their career selling their printed clothing on a stall at Camden Lock Market.
Jon Baker helped them expand when they bought everything they had on their stall to stock their shop Axiom in The Great Gear Market, King's Road. They opened a shop in Kensington Market and began manufacturing clothes and accessories.
Throughout Clowes's career, music and musicians have radically influenced their work: Culture Club approached them to design a collection for the group to sell in the shop The Foundry in Ganton Street where George O'Dowd (later widely known as Boy George) worked as a window dresser. Clowes created a cultural cocktail of offbeat imagery with religious undertones. Them idea portrayed in the Culture Club look was that wherever you are in the world, whatever your culture or religion "we are all part of one club called the human race".
The Flesh and Steel collection of winter 1983 of printed silver crosses was worn by Jonny Slut of Specimen. Susanne Bartsch, an event producer provided early exposure for British designers with a series of shows in New York and then Tokyo. Clowes took part alongside other 1980s designers, including Leigh Bowery. In May 2010, Boy George was portrayed on film by actor Douglas Booth in the BBC2 drama documentary Worried About the Boy. The actors wore original vintage pieces in the film by Clowes. In April 2012, Kylie Minogue wore one of Sue Clowes vintage t-shirts for the Anti Tour.
Research and development
Clowes moved to Italy in 1987, and became involved in wearable technology or "smart clothing". Clowes worked in an academic team called Grado Zero Espace, with Italian engineers and scientists, to pioneer clothing that incorporated technology. These garments won awards from Time and Popular Science. They also worked on the project of shape-memory alloy named Nitinol to obtain the first woven fabric. Clowes worked on the team that researched and developed a jacket padded with Aerogel. The jacket called Absolute Zero was taken on an Antarctic expedition.
For Corpo Nove, Clowes researched Stinging Nettle fibres which were woven to produce jeans. They gave a conference at the Eden Project and at the European Textile Network Conference on "New Technologies and Materials".
Journalism
Clowes wrote articles for an Italian magazine called N9VE and interviewed Aliona Doletskaya (editor of the Russian Vogue), Sir James Dyson (vacuum cleaner magnate), Steve Pyke (MBE photographer), Dr. Pierre Brisson (head of European Space Agency Technology Transfer), and Sir Timothy Smit (creator of the Eden Project, Cornwall, England) among others.
Recent work
Clowes is an External Examiner for University of Wales Examination Board Commission Assessments of students attending a BA programme in "Fashion, Design and Costume" at Accademia Italiana Moda in Florence and Rome. They re-launched the Sue Clowes brand in 2012 together with their daughter Marta Melani. The original Sue Clowes outfits from the Culture Club years will be on show in the V&A Museum "Club to Catwalk" exhibition from July 2013 until February 2014.
External links
Sue Clowes Limited
Archive online gallery
References
English fashion designers
British women fashion designers
1957 births
Living people
Alumni of Camberwell College of Arts
Cléirchén mac Murchadh (died 908) was King of Maigh Seóla.
Biography
Cléirchén appears only in the annals, and is not listed in any extant genealogies, so it is unknown if they had any descendants. They were the first of two sons of Murchadh mac Maenach to rule the kingdom. Their name does not appear again in any branch of the Muintir Murchada. It did however appear as a surname among the neighbouring dynasty of Uí Fiachrach Aidhne by the 920's. It was the name of an obscure hermit (Cléircheán of Saintclerans) in the latter territory.
References
West or H-Iar Connaught Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, 1684 (published 1846, ed. James Hardiman).
Origin of the Surname O'Flaherty, Anthony Matthews, Dublin, 1968, p. 40.
Irish Kings and High-Kings, Francis John Byrne (2001), Dublin: Four Courts Press,
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Annals of Tigernach at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Revised edition of McCarthy's synchronisms at Trinity College Dublin.
Byrne, Francis John (2001), Irish Kings and High-Kings, Dublin: Four Courts Press,
People from County Galway
908 deaths
9th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
10th-century Irish monarchs
Josef Maria Auchentaller (2 August 1865 – 31 December 1949) was an Austrian painter, draftsman, and printmaker associated with the Vienna Secession and the Art Nouveau style.
Early life
Josef Auchentaller attended the Technical College in Vienna from 1882 to 1886. They attended the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna starting in 1890, and there they excelled and won several awards. In 1885, they fell in love with Emma Scheid, the daughter of a prosperous manufacturer of silverware and jewelry. The couple married in 1891 after their father was convinced of Auchentaller's social and financial suitability. They had a daughter, Maria Josepha, and a son, Peter.
Career
Beginning in 1895, they contributed art nouveau designs for their father-in-law's company, G.A. Scheid. From 1892 to 1896, the Auchentallers lived in Munich, where they studied under Paul Hoecker, a founder of the 1892 Munich Secession. Auchentaller contributed to Jugend, the German Secession review established in 1896.
Vienna Secession
In 1897, the Vienna Secession was formed by artists who had left the Association of Austrian Artists. The Auchentallers returned from a vacation in Italy to take part. Between 1898 and 1904, Auchentaller showed their work in 10 Secessionist shows. Auchentaller designed the poster and the catalog covers for the Seventh (1900) and Fourteenth (1902) exhibitions. They also played a role in the Secession's organizing committee from the Fifth to the Tenth Exhibition (1899–1901). In 1905, they left the Secession along with Gustav Klimt due to differences of artistic opinion.
Auchentaller was a contributor to the magazine Ver Sacrum, a Secessionist publication, and sat on its editorial board between 1900 and 1901. For this magazine, they contributed two title pages and many graphics. Their work consisted primarily of floral motifs and linear drawings influenced by Japanese woodcuts which were the popular during that time (see Japonisme). The eighth issue of Ver Sacrum was entirely devoted to Auchentaller.
Their family connections to the Scheids and Thonets continued to provide them with further work. For Georg Adam Scheid's company, G.A.S. Silver Jewelry Manufacturers, the artist designed jewelry heavily influenced by the Art Nouveau and Jugendstil movements. Auchentaller also produced numerous billboards and posters for companies including Aureol (1898), Schott and Donnath, Kath Reiners Kneipp barley (1899), Continental pneumatic (1900), International Fisheries Exhibition, and G.A.S. Silver Jewelry Manufacturers (1902).
Grado, Italy
In 1903, they moved with their wife and children to Grado, Italy, seeking a better climate and financial stability. From 1904, the Auchentallers spent every summer in Grado, where they contributed significantly to the growth of tourism in the Adriatic seaside resort town. They provided ornamentation for a new pensione, the "Pension Fortino", designed by the architect Julius Mayreder. Their wife, Emma, later installed a steam laundry and bought an island where fruit and vegetables were grown for the town. Grado soon became a popular holiday destination of the Viennese bourgeoisie and for Auchentaller's circle of artist friends, including Carl Moll, Alfred Roller, Wilhelm List, Max Kurzweil, and the architect Otto Wagner. In 1906, Auchentaller designed the advertisement poster Seebad Grado, which endures as one of their most famous art nouveau works.
Although they spent winters in Vienna, Auchentaller became increasingly isolated from the Austrian art world after leaving the Secession in 1905. Increasingly, they began to paint moody landscapes and portraits. Their family life became strained: their daughter, Maria Josepha, committed suicide in 1914, and there were rumors that their wife was involved with another man in Grado. In 1914, war was declared and the Auchentellers moved back to Austria. In 1919, the Auchentallers took Italian citizenship and moved to Grado for good. Emma died in 1945, and Auchentaller died four years later in 1949.
Legacy
Auchentaller was a substantial contributor to the Vienna Secession and the Art Nouveau style. However, many of Auchentaller's works remain in private collections or were lost. In the 1920s, a sizeable collection of their oil paintings bound for a retrospective in Argentina disappeared. A large frieze they painted entitled "Joy, Fair Spark of the Gods", created for the Belvedere Gallery in Vienna, is lost as well.
In 2008–2009, a traveling exhibition entitled "Josef Maria Auchentaller (1865-1949): A Secessionist on the Borders of the Empire" was curated by Roberto Festi. Over 300 of their works were displayed at the Palazzo Attems-Petzenstein, in the Musei provinciali of Gorizia, Italy; the Galleria Civica in Bolzano, Italy; and the Leopold Museum in Vienna, Austria.
In 2013 two portraits of their daughter Maria, including Bunte Bänder ('colourful ribbons'), were shown at the National Gallery, London exhibition Facing the Modern: The Portrait in Vienna 1900.
References
External links
1865 births
1949 deaths
19th-century Austrian painters
19th-century Austrian male artists
Austrian male painters
20th-century Austrian painters
20th-century Austrian male artists
Academy of Fine Arts Vienna alumni
Members of the Vienna Secession
Art Nouveau painters
Artists from Vienna
20th-century Austrian printmakers
Geography
Loscoat was, before 1945, a hamlet belonging to the village of Lambézellec(fr), which is now a large suburb of Brest. Part of the former hamlet has now become an industrial area(fr), whereas the rest has become a residential area.
World War II
As in all other hamlets around Brest, intense fighting between the American infantry forces and the German Wehrmacht took place in Loscoat during the Battle for Brest.
Most notably, Private First Class Ernest Prussman, from the 13th Infantry Regiment, took over their squad on 8 September 1944 during the advance on "Les Coates" [wrong transliteration of Loscoat] in Brittany, and disarmed several Germans, including a machine gun crew. Shot by a German rifleman, their dying act was to unleash a hand grenade that killed the man who shot him. They were awarded a Medal of Honor posthumously.
References
"These are My Credentials!": The Story of the 8th Infantry Division, 1798-1944. This document does not explicitly state the name of Loscoat, but it gives a rather accurate location of the 13th Infantry Regiment on 8 September 1944, which helps identify "Les Coates" as Loscoat.
Ernest W. Prussman, 13th Regiment of Infantry, Medal of Honor.
Lambézellec aujourd'hui(fr), a document in French about the district of Lambézellec and the industrial and residential areas of Loscoat.
Maps
Google Map of Loscoat.
History of Brest, France
Geography of Brest, France
Deliverance Creek is a 2014 American Civil War film directed by Jon Amiel and written by Melissa Carter. It premiered on the Lifetime Network on September 13, 2014. It was produced, but not written by Nicholas Sparks. The film has been described as having a hodge podge of cobbled together storylines and as a backdoor pilot. For the film, Carter won The Writers Guild of America Award in 2015 for Outstanding Script, in the "Original Long form" category.
Cast
Lauren Ambrose as Belle Gatlin Barlow
Yaani King as Kessie
Wes Ramsey as Nate
Katherine Willis as Cordelia Crawford
Caitlin Custer as Hattie Gatlin
Christopher Backus as Jasper Gatlin
Barry Tubb as Jeb Crawford
Riley Smith as Toby
Christopher Baker as Cyril
Skeet Ulrich
Judah Lewis as Caleb Barlow
References
External links
2014 television films
American television films
American Civil War films
Films directed by Jon Amiel
Films scored by James Dooley
Films set in Missouri
Lifetime (TV network) films
Television pilots not picked up as a series
Western (genre) television films
2014 films
2010s American films
Sikanni is a variant spelling of Sekani, the name of an Athapaskan people of northern British Columbia, Canada. It is found in various placenames and related uses:
Sikanni Chief, British Columbia, an unincorporated settlement in British Columbia
Sikanni Chief River, a tributary of the Fort Nelson River in British Columbia
Sikanni Chief Lake, a lake near the headwaters of that river
Sikanni Old Growth Provincial Park, a provincial park in British Columbia
the Sikanni Range, a subrange of the Omineca Mountains of British Columbia
CFAV Sikanni (YPT 611), a torpedo and sound ranging vessel of the Canadian Forces, named after the river
The Bangui National Forum was a national reconciliation conference organized by the transition government of the Central African Republic (CAR). It took place in Bangui from May 4 to 11, 2015 and was part of the third phase of the Brazzaville process. Following the Brazzaville ceasefire conference of July 2014 and the CAR popular consultations during the first quarter of 2015, the forum resulted in the adoption of a Republican Pact for Peace, National Reconciliation and Reconstruction in the CAR and the signature of a Disarmament, Demobilisation, Rehabilitation and Repatriation (DDRR) agreement among 9 of 10 armed groups.
The Forum was presided over by Professor Abdoulaye Bathily, Special Representative of the United Nations Secretary-General for Central Africa. More than 600 participants represented the government, civil society, political parties, the media, the diaspora and faith-based organisations.
Purpose
The purpose of the Bangui National Forum was to bring together Central Africans from all regions and backgrounds to find lasting solutions to years of recurrent political instability in the country.
The latest episode of conflict broke out in December 2012 when an armed rebellion was launched by the Séléka Coalition, led by Michel Djotodia, a former defence minister. It resulted in the overthrow of the government of François Bozizé in March 2013. However, the takeover by the Séléka Coalition did not end the violence taking a sectarian angle between the pro-Muslim Séléka Coalition and the predominantly Christian anti-Balaka militias.
Several peace initiatives, driven by regional governments, were prompted by the deteriorating security and human rights situation in the country. This included the Summit of the Economic Community of Central African States (ECCAS) leaders which took place in Malabo, Equatorial Guinea on the side lines of the 23rd Ordinary Summit of the African Union in June 2014. The ECCAS leaders agreed to establish a three-phase plan to reconcile the country, including a ceasefire conference in Brazzaville in July 2014, popular consultations and the Bangui National Forum.
The initial idea for the Bangui Forum stemmed from a workshop organized by the Centre for Humanitarian Dialogue (HD) in June 2014, that had gathered 30 Central African participants from varying backgrounds to analyse and openly discuss the sources of contention which had led to the conflict. This initiative was the first to be held after the 2013 episodes of violence in CAR.
Recommendations
The recommendations resulting from the popular consultations held early 2015 were compiled into four thematic reports and were put forward for debate at the Forum in four thematic sub-committees (Peace and security, Justice and Reconciliation, Governance and Economic and Social Development) and at plenary sessions.
The deliberations benefited from the technical support of foreign expertise provided by organizations including the United Nations Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in the Central African Republic (MINUSCA), the Centre for Humanitarian Dialogue (HD), the Organisation Internationale de la Francophonie, ECCAS and the African Union (AU).
Among others, the following recommendations were adopted during the forum:
the disarmament and reintegration or reinsertion of armed groups,
reform of the security sector,
the creation of a special tribunal to try persons suspected of committing war crimes and crimes against humanity,
creation of a peace, reconciliation and reparation commission,
revision of the nationality code,
recognition of two Muslim feasts,
redeployment of administrative services across the country,
investment in infrastructure, education and health,
reform of the judiciary and improved transparency in the management of the country's abundant natural resources.[13]
return and reintegration of refugees and IDPs
The delegates also agreed on the extension of the mandate of the transitional government to provide adequate time for the planning of fair elections.
Agreements
The recommendations issuing from the Bangui Forum are contained in a Republican Pact for Peace, National Reconciliation and Reconstruction in the Central African Republic, which was adopted at the end of the Forum. The Pact calls for the immediate implementation of the resolutions of the Forum and for the commitment of the candidates in the upcoming presidential elections to uphold them.
To address concerns that the outcomes of the Bangui Forum might not be fully implemented, the President of the Central African Republic, Catherine Samba-Panza announced in their closing address that a monitoring committee would oversee the full implementation.
A disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and repatriation of ex-combatants (DDRR) was also signed at the end of the Forum by nine out of ten armed groups: the Front Populaire pour la Renaissance de la Centrafrique (FRPC), the Rassemblement Patriotique pour le Renouveau de la Centrafrique (RPRC), the Union des Forces Républicaines Fondamentales (UFRF), the Seleka Rénovée, the Mouvement des Libérateurs Centrafricains pour la Justice (MLCJ), the Coordination des ex-combattants Anti-Balaka, The Unité du Peuple Centrafricain (UPC), Révolution et Justice, and Unité des Forces Républicaines. The Front Démocratique pour le Progrès de la Centrafrique (FDPC) did not sign the agreement.
The DDRR agreement outlines that ex-combatants should be relocated to designated camps for identification and awareness sessions. They will be either integrated into the security agencies under the National DDRR Programme; returned to their communities and included in various income-generating programmes funded by MINUSCA and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and other international partners; or in the case of foreign fighters, not suspected of committing war crimes, they will be repatriated to their home countries. The agreement was well received by national and international public opinion as a milestone in the search for peace in the country.
A contributing factor to the achievement of the Bangui Forum and of the DDRR agreement was the signing of peace declarations in Nairobi by former presidents Bozizé and Djotodia in April 2015. In a surprise move, both men agreed to recognize the recommendations of the Brazzaville ceasefire conference of July 2014 and to support the Bangui Forum. This enabled representatives of the two main armed groups, the Séléka and Anti-Balaka, to participate at the forum and for security to be respected during the week that it was held.
A declaration by armed groups to stop enrolling children into their ranks and to release those already in their possession was also signed on the margins of the Forum. UNICEF reported the release of 357 children by these groups one week after signature.
References
Politics of the Central African Republic
2015 in the Central African Republic
Mediation
Osian Roberts is a Welsh football coach and former player who is assistant manager at Crystal Palace.
They have been described as "the most influential man in Welsh football."
Early life
Roberts was born in Anglesey, and was brought up in Bodffordd on the island.
Career
Roberts was a central midfielder, and captained the Welsh Schools side. They played in North Wales for Bangor City, Bethesda Athletic and Llangefni Town, before moving to the United States at the age of 19 after receiving a scholarship to attend Furman University. At Furman, they were named Southern Conference player of the year in 1986 and 1988. They later played in the American Professional Soccer League for the New Mexico Chiles, where they were player-manager.
After returning to Wales, they became Anglesey's Football Development Officer in 1991.
Roberts resigned as manager of Porthmadog to take up their position as technical director of the Welsh national team. They have also coached the Wales under-16, Wales under-18 and Wales B teams, as well as helping coach the women's under-17 team. In 2014, they were the subject of documentary series called Byd Pêl-droed Osian Roberts; it was shown on S4C.
On 21 July 2015, Roberts was promoted to assistant manager of the Welsh national team. In November 2017, after Chris Coleman left the role, Roberts stated that they wished to become the new national team manager. Roberts was kept on as assistant manager following the appointment of Ryan Giggs.
On 1 August 2019 it was announced that Roberts had become technical director of the Morocco national team. They resigned in July 2021.
In August 2021 they became assistant manager at Crystal Palace.
References
1960s births
Living people
Welsh footballers
Welsh football managers
Sportspeople from Anglesey
Bangor City F.C. players
Bethesda Athletic F.C. players
New Mexico Chiles players
American Professional Soccer League players
Association football midfielders
Association football coaches
Crystal Palace F.C. non-playing staff
Welsh expatriate footballers
Welsh expatriate football managers
Welsh expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Expatriate soccer managers in the United States
British expatriates in Morocco
Expatriate football managers in Morocco
Llangefni Town F.C. players
Karel Jaromír Erben (; 7 November 1811 – 21 November 1870) was a Czech folklorist and poet of the mid-19th century, best known for their collection Kytice, which contains poems based on traditional and folkloric themes.
They also wrote Písně národní v Čechách ("Folk Songs of Bohemia") which contains 500 songs and Prostonárodní české písně a říkadla ("Czech Folk Songs and Nursery Rhymes"), a five-part book that brings together most of Czech folklore.
Biography
They were born on 7 November 1811 in Miletín near Jičín. They went to college in Hradec Králové. Then, in 1831, they went to Prague where they studied philosophy and later law. They started working in the National Museum with František Palacký in 1843. They became editor of a Prague's newspaper in 1848. Two years later, in 1850, they became archives' secretary of the National Museum. They died on 21 November 1870 of tuberculosis.
They were member of the Czech National Revival, and politically they were also a sympathizer of Illyrian movement and Russian Slavophilia for entrenched populations of Slavs in other parts of the world.
As practitioner of their ideals, they published Sto prostonárodních pohádek a pověstí slovanských v nářečích původních ("One Hundred Slavic Folk Tales and Legends in Original Dialects"), also known by its subtitle Čitanka slovanská ("Slavic Reader"), that was influenced by the Grimms' collection of fairy tales. It included such pieces as tale No. 2, Dlouhý, Široký a Bystrozraký ("Long, Broad and Sharpsight", translated into English by Albert Henry Wratislaw). The entire volume was translated by W. W. Strickland, and eventually published as Panslavonic Folk-lore in 1930.
 They are also considered an important poet of the Czech literary Romanticism in the mid-19th century, with their collection of a dozen literary ballads entitled Kytice z pověstí národních ("A Bouquet of Folk Legends", 1853).
Selected works
Písně národní v Čechách (Folk Songs of Bohemia) (1842–1845); contains 500 songs
Kytice z pověstí národních (A Bouquet of Folk Legends) (1853, expanded edition 1861) (English edition, 2012)
Sto prostonárodních pohádek a pověstí slovanských v nářečích původních: čitanka slovanská s vysvětlením slov (One Hundred Slavic Folk Tales and Legends in Original Dialects: a Slavic Reader with Vocabulary, 1865)
Vybrané báje a pověsti národní jiných větví slovanských (Selection of Folk Tales and Legends from Other Slavic Branches) (1869)
Prostonárodní české písně a říkadla (Czech Folk Songs and Nursery Rhymes) (1864); 5-part collection of Czech folklore
České pohádky (Czech Fairy Tales)
References
Citations
Bibliography
Profile by School of Modern Languages and Cultures at University of Glasgow
External links
About English translation on Radio Prague
1811 births
1870 deaths
People from Miletín
People from the Kingdom of Bohemia
Czech folk-song collectors
Czech poets
Czech male poets
19th-century poets
19th-century male writers
Corresponding members of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Sciences
Burials at Olšany Cemetery
Store Venjetinden (or sometimes Store Vengetinden) is a mountain in the municipality of Rauma in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. It is located about northeast of the mountain Romsdalshornet, about east of the Rauma river and European Route E136, and about southeast of the town of Åndalsnes. It is the highest summit in the Romsdalsalpane range.
Ascents
The first ascent was via the northeast ridge in 1881 by William Cecil Slingsby and . The first ascent via the western ridge was in 1930 by Erik Heen and Karl Oshaug.
In 2021, the men's world record for the vertical kilometer was set by Spanish mountain runner Kílian Jornet at Vengetind with a time of 28:48.
See also
List of mountains of Norway
References
External links
Pictures of the mountain
Mountains of Møre og Romsdal
Rauma, Norway
The Cruiser and Transport Service was a unit of the United States Navy's Atlantic Fleet during World War I that was responsible for transporting American men and material to France.
Composition
On 1 July 1918, the Cruiser and Transport Force was composed of the following ships:
Cruiser Force
Rear Admiral Albert Gleaves Commander
Squadron One
Cruiser Force, Squadron One, was under the command of Rear Admiral Albert Gleaves
Division One
Seattle, flagship
Huntington
Division Two
Pueblo
Frederick
San Diego
Division Three
Special Duty
Squadron Two
Cruiser Force, Squadron Two, was under the command of Rear Admiral Marbury Johnston
Division Four
Cruiser Force, Squadron Two, Division Four, was commanded by Rear Admiral Hilary P. Jones
, flagship
Rochester
Division Five
, flagship
Denver
Galveston
Des Moines
Division Six
French Navy warships
French cruisers of the Naval Division of the Atlantic operating with Cruiser Force under the command of French Rear Admiral Marie Gaston Grout
Gloire, flagship
Marseillaise
Du Petit-Thouars (sunk by SM U-62, 7 August 1918)
Transport Force
New York Division
Transport Force, New York Division, was under the command of Rear Admiral Albert Gleaves
Agamemnon
Harrisburg
Louisville
Mount Vernon
Plattsburg
President Grant
Newport News Division
Transport Force, Newport News Division, was under the command of Rear Admiral Hilary P. Jones
Madawaska
Foreign vessels
Foreign vessels operating with the Transport Force
Newport News Division
(Italian)
(Italian)
HMT Czar (British)
HMT Czaritza (British)
(Italian)
(Italian)
(Italian)
(French)
(British)
(French)
(French)
(Italian)
(Brazilian)
Notes
References
United States Navy in the 20th century
Military units and formations of the United States Navy
Highclere railway station was a station on the Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway in England. It shares the name of the nearby village of Highclere and Highclere Castle.
Facilities
The station was very similar to other stations on the line with the standard passing loop, station building and a single siding to the south. To the north of the station the line was crossed on an unusually designed bridge by the A34 road.
The site today
The road now occupies much of the track-bed to the south of the station, a move that took place when the trunk road became a dual carriageway. The A34 Newbury bypass now occupies the Tothill cutting which carried the line to the north of the station. The station building, goods shed, and signal box still remain to this day.
Routes
References
Further reading
. The author spent their childhood around the station and makes extensive reference to it.
Disused railway stations in Hampshire
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1885
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1942
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1943
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1960
Acanthopelma is a genus of tarantulas that was first described by Frederick Octavius Pickard-Cambridge in 1897. it contains two species, found in Central America and South America: A. beccarii and A. rufescens.
See also
List of Theraphosidae species
References
Theraphosidae genera
Spiders of South America
Taxa named by Frederick Octavius Pickard-Cambridge
Theraphosidae
Klaas Vantornout (born 19 May 1982 in Torhout) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2006 and 2018 for the and teams. Vantornout was the winner of the Belgian National Cyclo-cross Championships in 2013 and 2015.
Major results
Cyclo-cross
1999–2000
3rd Junior National Championships
2000–2001
1st Lichtaart
2002–2003
1st Zelzate
2003–2004
UCI Under-23 World Cup
1st Pijnacker
Under-23 Superprestige
1st Ruddervoorde
Under-23 GvA Trophy
1st Koppenbergcross
1st Steinmaur
1st Beuvry
2005–2006
1st Contern
2006–2007
2nd National Championships
UCI World Cup
3rd Igorre
2007–2008
1st Eeklo
1st Houtlandcross
1st Vlaamse Druivencross
1st Bredene
1st Heerlen
1st Knokke-Heist
2008–2009
Superprestige
1st Gieten
1st Bredene
1st Woerden
2009–2010
1st Otegem
2nd UCI World Championships
2nd National Championships
2010–2011
Superprestige
1st Middelkerke
1st Eeklo
2012–2013
1st National Championships
1st Otegem
1st Kermiscross
2nd UCI World Championships
3rd Overall Superprestige
1st Gieten
1st Middelkerke
2nd Gavere
2nd Vlaamse Aardbeiencross
2013–2014
1st Kermiscross
Superprestige
1st Ruddervoorde
2nd Vlaamse Aardbeiencross
3rd Gavere
3rd Zonhoven
2014–2015
1st National Championships
1st Steenbergcross
Superprestige
1st Gavere
2016–2017
EKZ CrossTour
1st Baden
3rd Kermiscross
2017–2018
EKZ CrossTour
1st Baden
Road racing
2012
3rd Ronde van Limburg
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Belgian male cyclists
Cyclo-cross cyclists
People from Torhout
Cyclists from West Flanders
Belgian cyclo-cross champions
Broadsands is a beach on the coast of Torbay in South Devon, England. It is also the name of an area of housing inland from the beach, in the Churston Ferrers part of Torbay between Paignton and Brixham.
It is a tourist attraction, with a range of facilities and a large pitch and putt course on the adjacent headland. The beach is popular for fishing and watersports.
There are good views of the Dartmouth Steam Railway, which crosses two Brunel viaducts near the beach on the section between Goodrington Sands and Churston.
References
Torbay
Beaches of Devon
Physaria filiformis (syn. Lesquerella filiformis) is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Brassicaceae known by the common names Missouri bladderpod and limestone glade bladderpod. It is native to Missouri and Arkansas in the United States. It was federally listed as an endangered species in 1987 and it was downlisted to threatened status in 2003. P. filiformis remains listed as an endangered species at the state level in Missouri.
Description
Physaria filiformis is an annual herb producing several slender, branching stems up to 25 centimeters (10 inches) tall, growing erect or drooping. The leaves vary in shape, and the basal ones reach 2.4 centimeters (0.96 inch) in length. Both the leaves and the stems have a dense covering of fine hairs, which gives the plant a silvery-gray appearance. The inflorescence is a raceme of pale yellow flowers with petals half a centimeter to nearly one centimeter (0.4 inch) long. The fruit is a spherical silique. The plant is a winter annual, sprouting and forming a basal rosette of leaves in the fall and then producing stems and flower the following spring. Seeds are dispersed on the wind and in surface runoff.
Distribution and Habitat
Physaria filiformis grows in limestone glades and outcrops of bare bedrock in southwestern Missouri and northwestern Arkansas. The surrounding habitat may be prairie and pasture. Several types of forest may be adjacent to the glades. The soil is shallow on the glades and supports few other plants. The plant grows less often in more vegetated areas with deeper soils, probably because other plants successfully compete with it there. It is also less abundant in the shady understory of Juniperus virginiana forest, as sunlight is a limiting factor in its growth. It can be found in a number of microhabitats, a factor that is important in its management and conservation. Wildfire is important in the maintenance of the limestone glade habitat and even more so its surrounding ecotones. Fire is the mechanism that keeps these habitats open and free of large and woody vegetation that shade out small annuals. Fire prevents ecological succession in the open habitat where the plant grows.
As the health of the local ecosystem depends on fire, the practice of fire suppression has caused the degradation of the habitat. When fire is prevented, woody vegetation moves in, covering the glades and blocking the light from reaching this small plant. This encroachment of surrounding vegetation is a main threat to the species. Other threats include off-road vehicles, limestone mining, and urban development. Invasive species of plants have been introduced to the habitat, including Bromus tectorum, a competitive grass. The plant may be affected by grazing, trampling, and other disturbance, but these threats are mild because the plant can tolerate light disturbance.
Conservation
When Physaria filiformis was designated an endangered species there were nine populations. Extensive surveys located more occurrences and many of these were put under the protection of a number of agencies, including the National Park Service and The Nature Conservancy. By 2003 there were about 60 populations and the outlook for the plant had improved enough to warrant its downlisting to threatened status.
Most occurrences of the plant are in southwestern Missouri. A large population can be found at Wilson's Creek National Battlefield. Other protected populations are being managed at Rocky Barrens Conservation Area (Missouri Department of Conservation), Greenfield Glade (The Nature Conservancy), and Bois d'Arc Conservation Area (Missouri Department of Conservation). Nearly all remaining sites are on privately owned land. Conservation activities include protection of the habitat in public areas, prescribed burns to replace the natural fire regime, and reduced use of herbicides.
To better inform conservation efforts, a recent study to understand genetic diversity and structure in Physaria filiformis was conducted and found there could be enough genetic variation between geographically isolated populations for them to be considered separate species. Whether or not a separate species is distinguished, protecting each separate population's genetic diversity is critical to help conservation efforts succeed.
References
External links
United States Department of Agriculture Plants Profile
photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in Missouri in 1929
photo of herbarium specimen at Missouri Botanical Garden, collected in Missouri in 2015
filiformis
Flora of Arkansas
Flora of Missouri
Endemic flora of the United States
Plants described in 1956
DON Market was a chain of supermarkets in the Republic of North Macedonia. Don was founded in 2007, with its first store opening at Ohrid, Macedonia. Don had its first supermarket in Ohrid and Struga but planned to open in other cities in North Macedonia. Don was the most visited supermarket in Southwest North Macedonia. It also had a chain of small shops known as Damping or Mini DON. In April of 2021, DON Market went out of business in Ohrid, Struga and Skopje.
Locations
DON had established itself in 6 stores in:
Ohrid
Struga
Skopje
Slogans
Supermarkets: "Biggest offer, smallest prices"
External links
Supermarkets of North Macedonia
Kevon Smith (born April 9, 1955 in Chicago, Illinois), is an American musician, singer-songwriter and record producer. Mostly known as lead guitarist and frontman with Buddy Miles from 1990 through 1997. In 1991, Smith and Miles started touring the US and Europe under the name Buddy Miles Express, and also as MST (Miles, Smith, Thomas) and as Buddy Mile's power trio.
Career
In 1994, Smith played guitar on Hell & Back released by Rykodisc and re-issued by Innerythmic Records in 2004. Hell & Back was produced by Bill Laswell. Smith also performs in the Supervision DVD Tribute to Jimi Hendrix - CAS (1997) directed by Patrick Savey featuring Buddy Miles, Kevon Smith and Joe Thomas.
Smith replaced Brian Setzer of the Stray Cats from 1988 until 1989.
Smith owned a recording studio in Chicago, where they produced and worked with George Clinton, Dave Hollister, LL Cool J, Keanu Reeves & Dog Star, Oscar Brown Jr., Mic One, and many other recording artists.
References
Buddy Miles Express - Hell And Back
Discography
External links
Kevon Smith Myspace
Kevon Smith Social Media
1955 births
Living people
Record producers from Illinois
American male singer-songwriters
American singer-songwriters
Pronichev () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Pronicheva. It may refer to
Dina Pronicheva (1911–1977), Soviet actor
Mikhail Pronichev (born 1968), former Russian football player
Maximilian Pronichev (born 1997), Russian football player
Vladimir Pronichev (born 1953), Russian general
Russian-language surnames
Wetback Tank is a reservoir in Sierra County, New Mexico, in the United States.
The name of the reservoir has been criticized in the media for containing the ethnic slur wetback.
References
Reservoirs in New Mexico
Bodies of water of Sierra County, New Mexico
Saint Erhard of Regensburg was bishop of Regensburg in the 7th century.  They are identified with an Abbot Erhard of Ebersheimmunster mentioned in a Merovingian diploma of 684. Ancient documents call them also Erard and Herhard.
Life
Peter Nugent, writing in the Catholic Encyclopedia says, "the legendary account of their life offers little that is historically certain". Erhard was born sometime in the 6th century. Modern scholars believe that they were of Frankish origin, perhaps from Narbonne in southern Gaul. Their 11th century biography says they were 'Scoticus', i.e. from Ireland or Scotland.  They are identified with an Erhard of Ebersheimmunster mentioned in a Merovingian diploma of 684.
Some believe that Erhard was bishop of Ardagh before crossing to the mainland with Albert of Cashel, said to be their friend or their brother and who is also celebrated on the same date. Eventually they came to Rome. While Albert then went to Jerusalem, Erhard went to Bavaria. (The difficulty with this part of the story is that there is over 100 years separating Erhard and Albert.) There they met St. Hildulf, said to have been Archbishop of Trier,(although there is no Hidulf on the list of bishops of Trier.) For some time they shared the solitude of Hidulphus who lived as a hermit in the Vosges from 666 to 671.
Erhard was a traveling bishop, one of the early chorepiscopus, that is, a corb bishop or a walking bishop, who without a permanent diocese went from place to help the missionaries in their work. Said to have been appointed by Boniface, Erhard was probably a mission bishop at the court of the Agilofinger dukes in Regensburg. After the martyrdom of Emmeram, Erhard became bishop of Regensburg. Many monastic foundations go back to him, above all the famous monastery Niedermünster near Regensburg, which they themselves led for a time as abbot. In all, they are said to have founded fourteen monasteries in Bavaria alone, and in the Vosges (Les Vosges) mountain range in the diocese of Strasbourg around seven monasteries. They were possibly the abbot of the monastery of Ebersheim.
In the biography of Odile of Alsace, it is said that they were blind from birth, but that they miraculously regained their sight when they were baptized by Bishop Erhard. Another version states that Odilia was baptized by Hidulf, while Erhard was their godfather at the baptism. They sent a messenger to their father, Adalrich, Duke of Alsace, and reconciled them with their disowned daughter.
Ratisbon was the chief centre of their Apostolic labours, and it was there that they died, but the date is uncertain.
Veneration
Erhard was interred in the still-extant Erhard-crypt at Niedermünster, and miracles were wrought at their grave, that was guarded in the Middle Ages by Erhardinonnen, a religious community of women who observed there a perpetual round of prayer.
Otto II, in 974, made donations of properties in the Danube valley to the convent "where the holy confessor Erhard rests". On 7 Oct 1052 the remains of the holy bishops Erhard and Saint Wolfgang were raised by Pope Leo IX in presence of Emperor Henry III and many bishops, a ceremony which was at that time equivalent to canonization. Regensburg documents, however, mention only the raising of Wolfgang, not that of Erhard. Nonetheless, they are considered to have been canonized in 1052. Their relics can be found in a 19th-century silver shrine on the north side of the church. According to an old martyrology from Prague, some of Erhard's relics were transferred there in the time of Emperor Charles IV (1347–78).
At the close of the eleventh century, Paul von Bernried, a monk of Fulda, at the suggestion of Abbess Heilika of Niedermünster, wrote a life of Erhard and added a second book containing a number of miracles. The learned canon of Regensburg, Conrad of Megenberg (d. 1374), furnished a new edition. The church in Niedermünster, now a parish church, still preserves their alleged crosier of the saint, made of black buffalo-horn. A bone of their skull was enclosed in a precious receptacle in 1866. In the high altar in the parish church in the village of Attaching near Freising, there is a beautiful reliquary with an arm relic of Erhard. It was given as a gift in 1720 by Archbishop Johann Franz Eckher.
The most important place of pilgrimage for Erhard has been St. Erhard in Styria in Austria since the 14th century. In the city of Salzburg, the parish church of St. Erhard stands at the foot of Nonnberg.
Three ancient Latin lives of the saint are found in the Acta Sanctorum (8 Jan).
Patronage
Saint Erhard is a co-patron saint of the Diocese of Regensburg (with Wolfgang and Emmeram); for cattle; for shoemakers, blacksmiths and bakers; against eye diseases, plague and cattle diseases. Many hospitals are under their protection. particularly in Alsace.
Iconography
Erhard is depicted as a bishop (tabberd, mitre, staff) with a book on which lie two eyes (allusion to the healing of Saint Odilia); Odilia baptizing; with ax (either because they chopped down a sacred tree or because they belong to the so-called mining saints).
Trivia
A beer brand from Bamberg, Germany is called St. ERHARD.
Since Erhard of Regensburg was considered a patron saint for livestock, images of them were used as Schluckbildchen and given to sick animals in the German folk medicine during the eighteenth, nineteenth and the beginning of the twentieth century.
See also
Emmeram of Regensburg
References
Attribution
German Roman Catholic saints
7th-century bishops in Bavaria
Irish expatriate Catholic bishops
Burials at Niedermünster, Regensburg
7th-century Christian saints
7th-century Irish bishops
Irish expatriates in Germany
Camilla Gervide (born 17 November 1980) is a Swedish blogger, who runs a celebrity gossip blog and is the most read blogger in Sweden according to Bloggportalen.
Education and career
Gervide was born in Småland and graduated from Åkrahällskola in Nybro in 1999. When young, they were a musician and participated in a music show on TV, and wrote the signature tune for the documentary Tille's resa TV4 in Sweden. They then worked for Nyheter24, Sveriges Television, Nyhetsmorgon, Digster Magazine, VeckoRevyn, Frida, Maybelline and Tunigo.
They started blogging in 1999 and in 2010, they began to blog seriously about music, interviewing a number of celebrities. Since 2016 they run the blog Bloggbevakning about social media.
Recognition
In 2012, they were nominated for Blogger of the Year at the VeckoRevyn Blog Awards.
References
Nyheter24
Swedish television TV4 - Nyhetsmorgon
Swedish Television - TV4 - Nyhetsmorgon 2
Swedish Television - TV4 - Nyhetsmorgon 3
Veckorevyns Bloggawards, VeckoRevyn
External links
www.bloggbevakning.com
Swedish bloggers
Living people
1980 births
The Whole Love is the eighth studio album by American alternative rock group Wilco, released on September 27, 2011. It is the first Wilco album that was released on their own label dBpm. Attendees at Wilco's 2011 Solid Sound Festival at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art from June 24 to 26 could purchase the first single from the album, "I Might". The entire album was streamed live on Wilco's official website for 24 hours between September 3 and 4, 2011, and later streamed on National Public Radio. The album packaging and cover art are pieces by Joanne Greenbaum. On November 30, 2011, the album received a nomination in the 54th Grammy Awards for Best Rock Album.
In 2012, it was awarded a gold certification from the Independent Music Companies Association which indicated sales of at least 75,000 copies throughout Europe.
Reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 83, based on 40 reviews, which indicates "universal acclaim".
Uncut placed the album at number 15 on its list of "Top 50 albums of 2011". Rolling Stone magazine rated it as the 8th best album of 2011. Mojo placed the album at number 29 on its list of "Top 50 albums of 2011."
Track listings
Compact Disc
Vinyl
Side A
"Art of Almost"
"I Might"
"Sunloathe"
Side B
"Dawned on Me"
"Black Moon"
"Born Alone"
"Open Mind"
Side C
"Capitol City"
"Standing O"
"Rising Red Lung"
"Whole Love"
Side D
"One Sunday Morning (Song for Jane Smiley's Boyfriend)"
"Sometimes It Happens" (Patten/Westbrook)
Personnel
Wilco
Nels Cline – electric guitar (1, 6, 8, 11, 12), loops (1, 3, 7, 11), slide guitar (2, 6, 8), electric 6 and 12-string guitars (3, 4, 9, 10), lap steel (3, 5, 7), dobro (3), ukulele (9, 10)
Glenn Kotche – drums (1–12), percussion (1–5, 7–12), cimbalom (1), siren (4), field recordings (8), kaossilator (11)
Mikael Jorgensen – synthesizers (1–11), keyboards (1–3, 5–7, 9–11), programming (1), vocal processing (3), piano (4, 6), "ah" sample (5), Guzheng samples (7), Wurlitzer (8), wavetable scrubbing (12)
Patrick Sansone – Mellotron (1, 4, 8), acoustic guitar (1, 12), electric guitar (1, 4–7, 9–11), tambourine (1), piano (2, 3, 7, 8), glockenspiel (2, 4, 8, 11), music stand (2), vocals (2–11), percussion (4–6, 9–11), ukulele (4), string arrangement (5), organ (8), vibraphone (12)
John Stirratt – bass guitar (1–12), piano (2), vocals (2–4, 6–8)
Jeff Tweedy – vocals (1–12), acoustic guitar (1, 2, 4, 5, 7, 9–12), electric guitar (3, 6, 8, 11), bass guitar (4)
Additional musicians
Matt Albert – violin (5), viola (5)
Nick Photinos – cello (5)
References
2011 albums
DBpm Records albums
Wilco albums
Albums produced by Jeff Tweedy
Experimental rock albums by American artists
Chico Tomo Antonio Mapenda (born 1969) was the first Mozambican convert to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). They were a key figure in the establishment of a firm base for the church in Mozambique in the 1990s.
Biography
In 1982, Mapenda left their home town of Beira to go study in the German Democratic Republic. At the time, many people in Mozambique had strong Marxist-Leninist political views which had caused the country to align with Communist bloc countries.
In 1989, Mapenda met LDS Church missionaries and received from them a copy of the Book of Mormon in Portuguese. They were baptized into the LDS Church on 14 January 1990 in East Germany. They were also ordained a priest while they were still in East Germany.
With the reunification of Germany, Mapenda was forced to return to Mozambique. They had married a fellow Mozambican while in Germany and on returning to Mozambique introduced the restored gospel of Jesus Christ to their father-in-law Francisco Dique Sousa.
Mapenda's brother, Gimo Mapenda, who was a Protestant minister, also listened to the message of the restored gospel of Jesus Christ, believed it and helped spread the church's teachings in Mozambique.
In 2003, when the Beira Mozambique District was organized, Chico Mapenda became the first counselor in the district presidency.
References
Sources
2008 Deseret Morning News Church Almanac (Salt Lake City, Utah: Deseret Morning News, 2007) pp. 423–424
Garr et al., Encyclopedia of Latter-day Saint History, p. 803*Church News, May 17, 2003
Global Mormonism Project - Mozambique, Brigham Young University
Kirken bliver ved med at vokse i Afrika (Danish)
1969 births
Converts to Mormonism
Mozambican leaders of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Living people
People from Beira, Mozambique
Mozambican religious leaders
Black Mormons
Mozambican expatriates in East Germany
Acronia perelegans is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Westwood in 1863. It is known from the Philippines.
References
Acronia
Beetles described in 1863
Jacob Brandsma (16 August 1898 – 16 May 1976) was a Dutch rower. They competed at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris with the men's coxed four where they did not start in the final round.
References
1898 births
1976 deaths
Dutch male rowers
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Rowers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
Rowers from Amsterdam
European Rowing Championships medalists
is a private women's junior college in Iida, Nagano, Japan, established in 1967.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1967
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Nagano Prefecture
1967 establishments in Japan
Women's universities and colleges in Japan
Herv may refer to:
People
Herv., the abbreviation for botanist author Alpheus Baker Hervey (1839–1931)
Hervǫr (Herv), a skald (Scandinavian poet)
Hervǫr Hundingjadóttir (HervH), a skald (Scandinavian poet)
Other uses
Human endogenous retrovirus
See also
"Echo Beach" is a song recorded by the Canadian group Martha and the Muffins in 1979. Written by band member Mark Gane, it was released as a single from their album Metro Music in 1980 and went on to reach number 5 in Canada, number 6 in Australia, and number 10 in the UK. It was certified gold in Canada on 1 October 1980, a month after Metro Music achieved gold status, and also won the Juno Award for Single of the Year. "Echo Beach" was the band's only significant international hit, although they had other popular singles in Canada.
In 2003, Q magazine listed "Echo Beach" among the 1001 best songs ever. In 2005, it was named the 35th greatest Canadian song of all time on the CBC Radio One series 50 Tracks.
Background
Echo Beach, as mentioned in the song, does not refer to a real beach, but rather a symbolic notion of somewhere the narrator would rather be, somewhere "far away in time". The song was created while Gane was working checking wallpaper for printing faults. They found the work rather dull and their mind drifted to times they would like to live over again. One such time was an evening spent at Sunnyside Beach on the shoreline of Lake Ontario in Toronto in summer. 'Echo Beach' was a reference made to a faded time and place gone in the lyrics of the song "Hiroshima Mon Amour" by the band Ultravox. The map shown on the cover of one version of the single is of Toronto Islands, while another single shows the north-western end of the Fleet Lagoon and the bar of Chesil Beach, the location of Abbotsbury Swannery in Dorset.
In 2010, the band released a 30th anniversary version of "Echo Beach". A commentator described the new version as "definitely a different song compared to the previous version; it's slower and the famous guitar riff that introduces the song is acoustic. [The original] was also good to be danced to, whereas the new one is darker and languid." Mark Gane explained, "We wanted to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the song, by not trying to replicate the version that we originally recorded, but as musicians who've experienced three decades of living. We'd like to refer to the new recording of 'Echo Beach' as our 'grown-up' version."
In June 2011, concert promoter Live Nation opened a 4,000-person outdoor concert facility in Toronto and named it after the song.
Track listing
7" single
A. "Echo Beach" – 3:38
B. "Teddy the Dink" – 3:32
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Toyah version
British singer Toyah covered "Echo Beach" on their 1987 album Desire. The song was released as the lead single from the album and reached number 54 in the UK Singles Chart. It is Toyah's last charting single in the UK to date.
Track listing
7" single
A. "Echo Beach" – 3:20
B. "Plenty" – 3:40
12" single
A. "Echo Beach" (Surf Mix) – 5:36
B1. "Echo Beach" (7" Mix) – 3:20
B2. "Plenty" – 3:40
Charts
Other versions
Robert Forster covered the song on their 1994 album I Had a New York Girlfriend.
An adaptation of the song, titled "Egoiste" (translated as "Selfish"), was released by French singer-songwriter La Grande Sophie on their 2005 album La Suite, in which the lyrics have been changed, while the music and layout of the song remains the same.
Gabriella Cilmi covered the song; their version was used as the theme for the soap opera of the same name and appeared exclusively on the deluxe UK edition of their 2008 album Lessons to Be Learned.
The 2009 song "Box 'n' Locks" by MPHO samples the melody from Echo Beach.
In popular culture
"Echo Beach" was used in the 2005 British film The Business, the 2008 comedy series, Moving Wallpaper, for which it can be heard in the first episode, and it was also part of the soundtrack for the 2016 Greek film, Suntan.
References
External links
The official Martha and the Muffins website
The official Toyah website
1980 songs
1980 singles
1987 singles
Martha and the Muffins songs
Toyah Willcox songs
Gabriella Cilmi songs
Song recordings produced by Mike Howlett
Juno Award for Single of the Year singles
Songs about beaches
Jany Holt (born Ruxandra Ecaterina Vladescu Olt, 13 May 1909 – 26 October 2005) was a Romanian-born actor, who worked principally in the French cinema.
Holt married French actor Marcel Dalio in 1936, divorcing in 1939. In 1940, Holt married author Jacques Porel, the son of stage and early silent film actor Gabrielle Réjane and director Paul Porel; Holt and Porel stayed in France during the Nazi occupation. During that period, Holt continued acting in films while they also worked with the French Resistance, later receiving the Croix de Guerre from General de Gaulle.
Holt appeared in 48 films and television productions between 1931 and 1995.
Selected filmography
The Man in Evening Clothes (1931)
The Green Domino (1935)
Le Golem (1936)
The Lower Depths (1936)
Southern Mail (1937)
Beethoven's Great Love (1937)
The Alibi (1937)
Rasputin (1938)
The Phantom Baron (1943)
Dr. Terror's House of Horrors (1943) (segment "The Monster of Stone")
Angels of Sin (1943)
La Fiancée des ténèbres (1945)
Farandole (1945)
Special Mission (1946)
Land Without Stars (1946)
Not Guilty (1947)
Rumours (1947)
Counter Investigation (1947)
Doctor Laennec (1949)
The Ferret (1950)
The Green Glove (1952)
Gervaise (1956)
A Time for Loving (1971)
The Left-Handed Woman (1978)
Toutes griffes dehors (1982)
Target (1985)
References
External links
Jany Holt - Cinémathèque française
French film actores
Romanian emigrants to France
Actresses from Bucharest
1909 births
2005 deaths
20th-century French actores
Romanian participants in the French Resistance
Yelena Nikolayevna Dergachyova (; born 8 November 1995) is a Russian ice hockey forward and member of the Russia women's national ice hockey team, currently playing in the Zhenskaya Hockey League (ZhHL) with Tornado Moscow Region.
International career
Dergachyova was selected for the Russian women's national ice hockey team in the 2014 Winter Olympics. They played in all six games, not recording a point.
, Dergachyova has also appeared for Russia at one IIHF Women's World Championships. Them first appearance came in 2013, where they won a bronze medal.
Dergachyova made three appearances for the Russia women's national under-18 ice hockey team, at the IIHF World Women's U18 Championships, with the first in 2011. In 2013, they were named one of the Media all-stars of the tournament, after scoring four goals in five games.
Career statistics
International career
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
1995 births
Ice hockey people from Moscow
Living people
Olympic ice hockey players of Russia
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2022 Winter Olympics
Russian women's ice hockey forwards
Universiade medalists in ice hockey
Universiade gold medalists for Russia
Competitors at the 2015 Winter Universiade
Competitors at the 2017 Winter Universiade
HC Tornado players
Elva Dryer (née Martinez; born September 26, 1971, in Durango, Colorado) is an American long-distance runner who competed mostly in the 5000 and 10,000 meters, before turning to road running. They represented the United States at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.
Dryer went to college at Western Colorado University where they won seven NCAA DII individual national championships and one NAIA national team championship in cross-country. They and fellow alumnae Nicole Aish have trained together in Colorado.
Competition record
Personal bests
Outdoor
1500 meters – 4:10.28 (Saint-Denis 2001)
One mile – 4:33.57 (Uniondale 1998)
3000 meters – 8:46.09 (Eugene 2001)
5000 meters – 15:03.56 (Oslo 2001)
10,000 meters – 31:21.92 (Palo Alto 2005)
10 kilometers – 32:28 (Mobile 2002)
15 kilometers – 48:46 (Jacksonville 2002)
20 kilometers – 1:07:18 (New Haven 2007)
Half marathon – 1:11:42 (Houston 2007)
Marathon – 2:31:48 (Chicago 2006)
Indoor
One mile – 4:36.62 (Indianapolis 1998)
3000 meters – 8:57.60 (Atlanta 2001)
References
USATF profile
1971 births
Living people
People from Durango, Colorado
Track and field athletes from Colorado
American female long-distance runners
American female marathon runners
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Western Colorado University alumni
21st-century American women
Crawl is the eleventh studio album by Japanese Pop band Deen. It was released on 9 August 2010 under music label Ariola Japan.
Background
The album consists of only one previously released single, coconuts feat. kokomo.
Several songs such asHitomi Sorasanaide received new version and instrumentation under title 2009+Ukulele Style; Gekkou no Nagisa and Blue eyes had received new rearrangement from the original version as well. Two tracks out of twelve are instrumental.
The band covered Anzen Chitai's 12th single Natsu no Owari no Harmony.
This album was released in two formats: regular CD edition and limited CD+DVD edition. The limited edition Natsu Best ~Deen Summer Time Melodies~ includes CD of the selected tracks with the new arrangement, including their biggest hits such as Tsubasa wo Hirogete and Kimi ga Inai Natsu, which would fit the concept of this album - summer.
Charting performance
The album reached #23 in its first week and charted for 3 weeks, selling 7,297 copies.
Track listing
In media
Jidousha Race - commercial song for The Kagoshima Bank
References
Sony Music albums
Japanese-language albums
2010 albums
Deen (band) albums
Veettoda Mappillai () is a 2001 Tamil language comedy film written and directed by V. Sekhar. The film stars Napoleon and Roja, while Vijayakumar, Charle, Vaiyapuri, Kalpana, Kovai Sarala, and Thalaivasal Vijay play supporting roles. The film had musical score by Deva and was released on 14 September 2001 to positive reviews.
Plot
Kandaswamy (Vijayakumar), a restaurant owner, has a son Muthupandi (Thalaivasal Vijay) and three daughters: Meena (Roja), Jamuna (Kalpana), and Rani (Kovai Sarala). When Muthupandi was young, they fought with their father, cut their father's hand with a knife, and ran away to Mumbai. Kandaswamy brings up their daughters alone. Their elder two daughters marry their relatives Ganga (Charle) and Dhamu (Vaiyapuri), two jobless and lazy sons-in-law. Manikkam (Napoleon), a jobless young graduate, is hired by Kandaswamy. Manikkam works sincerely, and Kandaswamy decides to marry Meena to him. They request to Manikkam that the couple must stay with him. Manikkam accepts, then they and Meena get married. Meanwhile, Ganga and Dhamu begin a company with their wives' jewels, but it is bankrupt. Muthupandi, a hotel owner in Mumbai, comes back with their wife and children. Muthupandi's hotel was also bankrupt, and they lost everything. Muthupandi, with Ganga and Dhamu's support, brings out Meena and Manikkam. Manikkam opens a restaurant in front of Kandaswamy's restaurant. Muthupandi changes their father's restaurant into a bar while they were absent. Muthupandi's former henchmen blackmailed them to give them money. Back home, Kandaswamy is humiliated by their son and attempts to commit suicide. Muthupandi's former henchmen beat him, and they are taken hostage by them. Ganga and Dhamu then save Muthupandi, and the three of them apologize to Kandaswamy. They live happily together.
Cast
Napoleon as Manikkam
Roja as Meena
Vijayakumar as Kandaswamy
Charle as Ganga
Vaiyapuri as Dhamu
Kalpana as Jamuna
Kovai Sarala as Rani
Thalaivasal Vijay as Muthupandi
Shanmugasundari as Manikam's mother
Bonda Mani as Mani
Sonia as Muthupandi's wife
Kumarimuthu as Hotel server
Bayilvan Ranganathan as Rowdy
Suryakanth as Rowdy
K.Rajan as Producer
Soundtrack
The film score and the soundtrack were composed by Deva. The soundtrack, released in 2001, features 5 tracks with lyrics written by Muthulingam, Kalidasan and Arivumathi. B. Balaji of Thenisai.com described the music as "above average".
Reception
S. R. Ashok Kumar of Hindu.com said : "too much of dialogue it makes the viewer restless at times". B. Balaji of Thenisai.com said : "the weak theme and even weaker handling make for uninteresting viewing".
References
Films scored by Deva (composer)
2001 films
2000s Tamil-language films
Films directed by V. Sekhar
Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn Ahmad al-Riquti al-Mursi (أبو بكر محمد بن أحمد بن الرقوطي, also spelled Abubequer Mohamed ibn Ahmed Al-Ricotí) was a 13th-century Muslim scholar and physician from Murcia. They founded and led a school where they taught Muslims, Christians, and Jews, under the patronage of Alfonso the Wise. Later, they migrated to the Emirate of Granada at the invitation of Sultan Muhammad II.
Biography
Al-Riquti was from the city of Murcia (hence their nisba al-Mursi), and according to historian Ibn al-Khatib (1313–1375) they were an expert in logic, mathematics, arithmetic, music, and medicine. They spoke Arabic and the local Romance language, and possibly Latin and Hebrew as well. Murcia was formerly the seat of small Muslim kingdom and also an intellectual center, which was conquered by Castile in 1243 and became a semi-independent protectorate. The Castilian prince Alfonso (the future Alfonso X of Castile) allowed al-Riquti to found a school and teach Muslims, Christians, and Jews alike. Ibn al-Khatib wrote that al-Riquti taught the three religious groups "in their own languages", and described this school as a "madrasa". Several modern historians hypothesize that it might be the Studia Linguarum of the Dominicans in Murcia. The modern University of Murcia considered this school as one of the university's forerunners. While most historians assume that al-Riquti's school was located in Murcia, the historian Gerard Albert Wiegers instead identifies it with a Estudio general built by Alfonso in Seville in 1254.
Alfonso X became king in 1252 and adopted the policy of encouraging Muslim scholars to stay in conquered formerly Muslim territories and offering rewards for those who converted to Christianity. Meanwhile, Muslims in Murcia rebelled in 1264, and after it was defeated by the royal forces in 1266 the region lost its autonomy. Many Muslim intellectuals lost their privileges; al-Riquti felt anxious about the situation and about Alfonso's encouragement to convert to Christianity. Meanwhile, in 1273 Muhammad II became the Sultan of Granada, the last Muslim state of Spain. They were known as al-Faqih ("the canon lawyer") and competed with Alfonso in attracting learned men to their emirate. Al-Riquti migrated to Granada at the Sultan's instigation. In Granada they were involved in a number of debates, and they held a respectable position until they died.
References
Bibliography
Scholars of the Nasrid period
More Heart Than Brains is the debut album by Bike for Three!, a collaboration between Canadian alternative hip hop artist Buck 65 (born Rich Terfry) and Belgian electronica producer Greetings from Tuskan (born Joëlle Phuong Minh Lê). It was released on May 26, 2009 on Anticon.
During the recording process, the two never met face-to-face.
Reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 82% based on 5 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".
Pitchfork Media rated the album 7.5 out of 10, praising Terfry's "sharp lyrical details and storytelling" and calling Phuong Minh Lê's production "exquisite, shimmering landscape that rarely plays by the rules." XLR8R magazine called the track "All There is to Say About Love" "impressive", with "sharp rhymes falling over 8-bit-style electronics."
Track listing
References
External links
2009 debut albums
Anticon albums
Bike for Three! albums
No. 361 Squadron was a squadron of the Royal Air Force.
History
It was formed on 2 January 1967 at RAF Watton as a joint RAF/Royal Navy unit, to provide ECM training for the two services, initially sharing the Canberra T.17 aircraft of No. 360 Squadron RAF. Unlike its sister squadron, it was intended to operate in the Middle and Far East regions. However, following the Defence Review of early 1967 and the subsequent withdrawal from the overseas commitments, the squadron effectively ceased to exist within weeks of its formation, its crews returning to 360 Squadrons. The new squadron was officially disbanded on 14 July 1967.
References
External links
Air of Authority: No 353 - 361 Squadron Histories
RAF Watton.info: The History of RAF Watton in detail for 1967
360 Squadron Association websites
361 Squadrons
Electronic warfare units and formations
The 1922 North Carolina Tar Heels football team represented the University of North Carolina in the 1922 college football season. Led by second year head coaches Bob Fetzer and Bill Fetzer, the team compiled a record of 9–1 and tied for the Southern Conference (SoCon) championship. The team's quarterback was Monk McDonald.
Schedule
References
North Carolina
North Carolina Tar Heels football seasons
North Carolina Tar Heels football
Tambrauw Regency is a regency of West Papua, Indonesia.
Geography
Tambrauw Regency is a new regency located in Bird's head region of Papua Island. Geographically, Tambrauw. Regency is located at 132035' East Longitude (East Longitude) – 134045' East Longitude (East Longitude) and 0015' South Latitude (South Latitude) - 3025' LS (South Latitude). Geographical position very strategic because it is located in the West – East movement of Papua Island and bordering sea waters is an international transportation route, so that the development of facilities and infrastructure for Tambrauw Regency in the future can take advantage of the opportunities of this strategic geographical position (egport development).
In 2010 its area covered 5,179.65 km2, and it had a population of just 6,145 at the 2010 Census. However, in 2013 the existing regency was expanded by the addition of four districts from Manokwari Regency (Kebar, Amberbaken, Mubarni/Arfu and Senopi) and by one district (Moraid) from Sorong Regency. The administrative centre lies at the village of Fef. The Regency now has an area of 11,529.18 km2, and it had a population of 28,379 at the 2020 Census. It is served by Werur Airport.
Climatology
Tambrauw Regency belongs to a humid tropical climate with rainfall ranged from 2,200 – 2,500 mm per year. The average annual rainfall is 110 mm with an average of 16 rainy days per month. Highest rainfall occurred in March reaching 337 mm, while the lowest rainfall occurred
in August it reaches 11 mm. The highest rainy day occurs in March reached 21 days while the lowest rainy days occurred in April, May and October which reached 13 days.
Languages
The language isolates Abun and Mpur are spoken in Tambrauw Regency. Moraid, Meyah, and other languages are also spoken in the regency.
History
In 2012, a famine and disease outbreak killed 95 people in Tambrauw Regency.
Administrative Districts
In 2010 the existing regency comprised seven districts, tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census, together with their estimated populations in mid 2013:
The four districts which were added from Manokwari Regency and the single district added from Sorong Regency in 2013 are tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census, together with their estimated populations in mid 2013:
Subsequent to 2013, seventeen further districts were subsequently created by the division of existing districts, and the total in the regency now comprises twenty-nine districts in all. The areas and populations at the 2020 Census of these districts are tabulated below. The table also includes the location of the district administrative centres, the number of administrative villages (desa and kelurahan) in each of these districts, and their post codes.
References
External links
Statistics publications from Statistics Indonesia (BPS)
Regencies of West Papua (province)
Eilema xantholeuca is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Hervé de Toulgoët in 1954. It is found on Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1954
xantholeuca
A number of ships have been named Arabia including:
, an ocean liner operated by Cunard
Arabia (steamboat), a steamboat sunk in the Missouri River in the 1850s and later rediscovered
, a P&O ocean liner
Ship names
Stevie Bonsey (born January 18, 1990) is an American motorcycle racer.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
Profile on MotoGP.com
1990 births
Living people
American motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
Phouoibi (Fouoibi) or Phouoipi (Fouoipi) or Phouleima (Fouleima) or Phoureima (Foureima) is the goddess and the female personification of the agriculture, crops, fertility, grains, harvest, paddy, rice and wealth in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Manipur (Antique Kangleipak).
 They are the lover of Akongjamba, a hero in ancient legends. But fate doesn't permit the lovers to unite. So, Phouoibi and Akongjamba reincarnated in the legends.
They were sent by Thangjing to Kege Moirang (Keke Moilang) to prosper the human world.
The lives of the two legendary lovers were believed to be enacted by Thangjing as a part of the Moirang Saiyon of the Moirang Kangleirol legends.
Phouoibi is a spirit of the rice. So, they are not a member of the Umang Lais.
The characters of Phouoibi and other goddesses, including Panthoibi and Emoinu, depict, as well as influence, the boldness, courage, independence, righteousness and social honour of Meitei women.
The Meitei people believe that the gleaming black stone is a personification of the goddess, which if kept inside the earthenware pot of the granary, will bring good luck and prosperity, as long as it shines.
Etymology
Phouoibi or Phouleima literally means Lady of the Paddy in Meitei (Manipuri). Phou (Fou) means "unhusked rice", paddy. "Oibi" is derived from the verb "oiba" (meaning "to become") with the feminine suffix "i".
Description
Phouoibi is a goddess who is very fickle in love. They fell in love with many mortals. However, they don't live permanently with anyone of them. They went to many places and made love with many mortals only to discard them later. They lived with their favorite lover for some time and later left him. Them nature symbolizes that wealth doesn't last long. There were frequent wars and natural calamities in ancient times. So, the goddess of paddy is described as very inconstant in favouring to the humankind.
According to Meitei culture, the anger of Phouoibi was provoked with the neglect of paddy or rice. The rites and rituals dedicated to the goddess were regularly performed. By doing this, possible misfortunes were warded off that could have come to the peasants.
Mythology
Once Phouoibi (Fouoibi) set out for a journey along with their sisters (friends in another version), Ngaleima and Thumleima. In Moirang, when the goddess was about to cross a river, Akongjamba came to the spot for hunting. Akongjamba and Phouoibi fell in love at first sight.
After some time passed, Phouoibi visited the house of Akongjamba. They disguised themselves as a tribal woman (haonupi or haonubi). Akongjamba was not there but Akongjamba's mother didn't give them good hospitality. Akongjamba's mother was about to hit Phouoibi (disguised as a tribal woman) with a swiping broom. If the broom touched the goddess, all their magical powers will get lost. So, Phouoibi fled to a coop (henhouse). They transfigured themselves as a chicken. Akongjamba's mother followed them and counted the number of chicken. They found the number of chicken exactly as it was, neither more nor less. So, they went back to their home. Phouoibi spent the night inside the filthy and smelly henhouse. On the next day, they once again took their original form of a beautiful maiden in a glowing dress. They called Akongjamba's mother to come out. They told them that they wanted to give them the payment for spending a night at hers. They shook an enormous heap of golden grain off their body in the middle of the front yard of the house. Then, Phouoibi left the place travelling towards south east. Akongjamba's mother remained surprised.
In another version of the story, Phouoibi stayed a night at the yenakha (left or right side of the house). The place where the goddess stayed came to be known as Phayeng (fai or phai means to stay).
Later, Akongjamba returned home and found the pile of golden grain as high as a hill in front of the courtyard. When asked, their mother told them all the story. They realised that the lady was Phouoibi. They immediately aftered them On the way, they found them They pleaded them to return home and live together. But they refused their proposal. They told them that they are not destined to be together to accomplish their work at that birth. Saying this, they left them sorrowfully.
As Phouoibi travelled towards southeast, they reached a riverbank. They did not know how deep the river was. At that moment, a deer appeared on the other side of the river. They asked the deer if the river was shallow or not. The deer lied telling them that the river was not deep. Phouoibi went down the river. They could not swim and got drowned.
A small ngamhai fish was also swimming there. It helped the drowning goddess to reach the shore of the next riverbank. They thanked the little creature and granted it a boon that it will shine like a mirror in the gleaming water. They wished that the ballad singers will always praise the fish for its silvery beauty whenever they retold them story.
Then, they glared at the deer. They cursed the deer and all its species that if they tried to eat their creation - paddy, then all their teeth will be fallen. So, still today, the deers never eat paddy because of the fear that their teeth will fall off.
Worship
Poinu (November-December interface month) is the Meitei lunar month of harvesting and the granary must not be disturbed. Its subsequent month Wakching (December-January interface month) is the time during which Goddess Phouoibi is worshipped.
A - A mat with the offerings of fruits and vegetables at the 4 corners.
B - Erected posts (poles) to support a white colored canopy.
C - Vegetables and a Sareng fish offered to the goddess.
D - Seven varieties of paddy.
E - Offerings to the 7 Lairemmas (Lairembis) on a cloth.
F - Offerings to the 9 Umang Lais.
G - A flag.
H - Empty pot to cook the offerings.
M - Position of the Maiba.
Goddess Phouoibi is offered fruits and vegetables in the four corners of a specially prepared place. The place is divided into 3 sections. At each division, seeds are sown. The goddess is invoked by the maibas with the sacrifice of black hen and the offering of rice beer.
If the previous year's crop harvest was good, the maiba prayed to the goddess to give them good crops that year too. And if the previous year's crop harvest was not satisfactory, the maiba prayed to the goddess to give them satisfactory crops with no insects that year.
Rice and flowers on the banana leaves are thrown up on the harvest field by the farmers.
After threshing, Phou Kouba (calling the paddy/rice) ceremony is performed. Phoukourol (Phoukouron or Phougourol or Phougouron) is a hymn for summoning the spirit of the paddy.
Phoukou (Phougou) song is sung like this:
"He Lairemma Phouoibi!
Toi Toi Toi
Thangee Phoubi Peibiro!
Toi Toi Toi
Chaku Lankubiro!
Toi Toi Toi
Thangeena Chingdum Sabiro!
Toi Toi Toi
Ho Lairemma Phouoibi!
Toi Toi Toi"
To have abundant crop harvest, the Meitei people sing Phougou Eshei.
It is generally sung during harvest. It is done before the crop is stored in the granary. Goddess Phouoibi is worshipped with Phou Ningthou, the god of rice. Farmers prayed to the two deities for a doubling of the previous year's yield, after the harvest.
The Phou Kouba (calling the paddy/rice) ceremony is more frequently performed in case of mis-happenings to the farmers. Mis-happenings may be theft or burning of the paddy/rice, an animal like cow trespasses the threshing ground, etc. People believe that these are all because of the absence of the goddess. So, they perform the rites and rituals to induce the goddess to stay at their places.
In such cases, Sareng fish (Wallago attu, helicopter catfish) with rice is the most important offering to goddess Phouoibi. It should be cooked with herbs and not with spices.
The Sharotkhaibam (Sorokhaibam) family members used to invoke goddess Phouoibi in ancient times.
Association with other goddesses
Goddess Phouoibi is often identified as a manifestation of Goddess Panthoibi. Many legends say that Panthoibi became Phouoibi after a metamorphosis.  They are also regarded as the incarnation of Leimarel Sidabi, the supreme mother earth goddess.
Iconography
Goddess Phouleima often appears in ancient potteries.  They are personified in a round black stone sitting in a pot. It is placed upon the bed of rice grains inside the granary. It is never kept directly on the ground. As long as the goddess is respected, the granary has no lack of grains.
Texts
In Phouoibi Waron
The Phouoibi Waron (Phouoibi Warol) is a 13-14th century Meitei literary work that mentions Goddess Phouoibi as a fickle lady. According to the text, the goddess has love affairs with multiple partners and they always depart them.
In Ningthourol Lambuba
The Ningthourol Lambuba mentions that goddess Phouoibi and their six friends went to a place named Karan Lambuba. They measured all their walking sticks to know whose was the longest one. The stick of Phouoibi was found to be the longest from all by one knot. So, one knot was cut off. The place where the stick was cut off was named as Kakmayai (kak literally means to cut in Manipuri).
In Loyumba Shinyen
The Loyumba Shinyen mentions that people of a family named Sharotkhaibam (Sorokhaibam) used to invoke the goddess of paddy in ancient times.
In popular culture
Phou-oibi, the rice goddess is a 2009 ballad opera performed by the Laihui Ensemble. It is based on the story of the goddess and their sisters.
Phouoibi Shayon is a 2017 Manipuri mythology film based on the story of the goddess and their sisters.
Namesakes
In agriculture
In 1979, Phouoibi (formerly known as KD6-2-1) and Punshi (formerly known as KD6-18-7) were developed in Manipur State Rice Research Center, Wangbal. After these rice varieties were released, 75 percent of the areas planting high yielding crops constitute 25 percent of Phouoibi rice. Phouoibi matures in 135 days (4–5 months). These rice varieties were found to be more likely to be affected by the insects as compared to the local varieties like Phourel and Moirang Phou.
In commerce
Ima Keithel (), the world's only women run market, has three major building complexes. Phouoibi Ima Keithel is the Complex Number 3, preceded by Leimarel Sidabi Ima Keithel (Complex Number 1) and Imoinu Ima Keithel (Complex Number 2). This 500 years old market is in the center of Imphal, the metropolis of Manipur.
References
External links
Phouoibi_INTERNET ARCHIVE
Phouoibi_e-pao.net
Abundance deities
Abundance goddesses
Agricultural deities
Agricultural goddesses
Asian deities
Asian goddesses
Beauty deities
Beauty goddesses
Fertility deities
Fertility goddesses
Food deities
Food goddesses
Fortune deities
Fortune goddesses
Harvest deities
Harvest goddesses
Leima
Love and lust deities
Love and lust goddesses
Magic deities
Magic goddesses
Maintenance deities
Maintenance goddesses
Meitei gods and goddesses
Nature deities
Nature goddesses
Pastoral deities
Pastoral goddesses
Peace deities
Peace goddesses
Trickster deities
Trickster goddesses
The Knight of the Sacred Lake is a historical fantasy novel by Rosalind Miles. It was first published in 2000 by Simon & Schuster in the UK followed by Crown Books in the US. The book is a retelling of the Arthurian legend and follows the lives of Queen Guinevere, consort of King Arthur and their struggles with the king's nephews Agravain and Gawain; the queen is torn between their love for their husband, their land, and their lover, Lancelot. The book was part of a series, The Guinevere Novels, and was followed by The Child of the Holy Grail. Reviewing the book, Publishers Weekly described it as "a lush, feminist take on the English epic".
Plot introduction
The Knight of the Sacred Lake is a variant of an Arthurian legend. It follows the lives of Queen Guinevere, or Guenevere, and their strife with Agravain and Gawain, as well as that of their lover's, Lancelot, as they both enter different paths in their lives, away from each other.
Plot summary
As High King and Queen, Arthur and Guenevere reign supreme across the many kingdoms of Great Britain. Still, Guenevere secretly mourns the loss of their beloved Lancelot, who has returned to the Sacred Lake of their boyhood, hoping to restore their faith in chivalry in the place where they learned to be a knight. In a glittering Pentecost ceremony, new knights are sworn to the Round Table, including Arthur's nephews, Agravain and Gawain. After many years of strife, peace is restored to Guenevere's realm.
But betrayal, jealousy, and ancient blood feuds fester unseen. Morgan le Fay, now the mother of Arthur's only son, Mordred, has become the focus of Merlin's age-old quest to ensure the survival of the house of Pendragon. From the east comes the shattering news that Guenevere may have a rival for Lancelot's love. A bleak shadow falls again across Camelot—and across the sacred isle of Avalon, where Roman priests threaten the life of the Lady herself. At the center of the storm is Guenevere, torn between their love for their husband, their people, and Sir Lancelot of the Lake.
Characters in "Guenevere, Queen of the Summer Country"
Guenevere - Queen of the Summer Country, protagonist, narrator
Lancelot - Guenevere's lover and second protagonist
King Arthur - Guenevere's husband
Agravain
Gawain
Merlin
Mordred - Son of Morgan and Arthur
Morgan le Fay
Amir - Deceased son of Arthur and Guenevere
Major themes
Arthurian Legend
Literary significance & criticism
"The popular and prolific Miles injects the tale with poesy... an engrossing if unorthodox read. No doubt Miles's fans will be pleased with this lush, feminist take on the English epic."
- Publishers Weekly
Sources, references, external links, quotations
http://www.randomhouse.com/crown/catalog/display.pperl?isbn=9780609808023
http://www.rosalind.net
Specific
2000 novels
Modern Arthurian fiction
Novels set in sub-Roman Britain
American historical novels
All Saints Academy or All Saints' Academy may refer to:
England
All Saints' Academy, Cheltenham, a secondary school in Gloucestershire
All Saints Academy, Darfield, a primary school in South Yorkshire
All Saints Academy, Dunstable, a secondary school in Bedfordshire
All Saints Academy, Ingleby Barwick, a secondary school in North Yorkshire
All Saints' Catholic Academy, a secondary school in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire
All Saints Church of England Academy, Plymouth, a secondary school in Devon
All Saints Church of England Academy, Wyke Regis, a secondary school in Dorset
ARK All Saints Academy, a secondary school in Southwark, London
Rossington All Saints Academy, a secondary school in South Yorkshire
United States
All Saints' Academy (Florida), a preparatory school in Winter Haven, Florida
All Saints Catholic Academy, in Bayonne, New Jersey
See also
All Saints College (disambiguation)
All Saints School (disambiguation)
All Saints (disambiguation), includes other schools called "All Saints"
All Saints University (disambiguation)
Sillycook Mountain is a summit in the U.S. state of Georgia. The elevation is .
Sillycook is a name derived from the Cherokee language meaning "turtle", which was applied to this mountain on account of its shape.
References
Mountains of Habersham County, Georgia
Mountains of Georgia (U.S. state)
The following are the national records in Olympic weightlifting in Israel. Records are maintained in each weight class for the snatch lift, clean and jerk lift, and the total for both lifts by the Israel Weightlifting Federation (איגוד הרמת משקולות בישראל).
Current records
Key to tables:
Men
Women
Historical records
Men (1998–2018)
Women (1998–2018)
References
General
Israeli records – Men 11 April 2021 updated
Israeli records – Women 9 April 2021 updated
Specific
External links
Israel Weightlifting Federation website
records
Israel
Olympic weightlifting
weightlifting
Claydon House is a country house in the Aylesbury Vale, Buckinghamshire, England, near the village of Middle Claydon. It was built between 1757 and 1771 and is now owned by the National Trust.
The house is a listed Grade I on the National Heritage List for England, and its gardens are listed Grade II on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens.
History
Claydon has been the ancestral home of the Verney family since 1620. The church of All Saints, Middle Claydon lies less than from the house and contains many memorials to the Verney family: among them Sir Edmund Verney, who was chief standard bearer to King Charles I during the English Civil War. Sir Edmund was slain at the Battle of Edgehill on 23 October 1642, defending the standard. Their ghost is reputed to haunt the house. In 1661, following the Restoration of the Monarchy, Sir Edmund's son (Sir Ralph Verney) was awarded a baronetcy by King Charles II for their and their father's loyalty and bravery during the preceding period of unrest. Sir Ralph's second surviving son and heir, John Verney was later, in 1703, made Viscount Fermanagh and their son was Ralph Verney, in 1743, was created Earl Verney.
There is believed to have been a house on the site from at least the 1400s. The manor of Middle Claydon was purchased by Sir Ralph Verney, Lord Mayor of London, in 1463. However, the land was immediately leased to Sir Roger Giffard and the first recording of the house on site describes the Tudor brick H-shaped manor house of the Giffards in 1539. Sir Edmund Verney the Standard Bearer redeemed the leased in 1620 and it became the principal country seat of the Verneys from that point onwards. The house received some modifications in the seventeenth century, particularly in 1654 when Sir Ralph Verney, 1st Bt, returned from their political exile and began to rebuild the family fortune after the Civil War. The house was virtually rebuilt starting in 1757 by Ralph 2nd Earl Verney between. Later in 1759, Lord Verney constructed a new west wing for the house faced in stone to provide a suite of state apartments. Following their election as MP for Buckinghamshire in 1768, Verney vastly expanded this house to create a new central rotunda entrance hall and ballroom wing. The original conception was of a mansion to rival the richer Earl Temple's huge mansion at Stowe, a few miles away near Buckingham. However, the house as it stands today is a fraction of its original planned size as the ballroom and rotunda were dismantled in 1791-92 after the Earl's death. Lord Verney ran into financial problems before the latter two wings were entirely completed, and had to spend the final years of their life on the continent to escape their creditors. The estate was inherited by their niece, Mary Verney, 1st Baroness Fermanagh in 1791, who sold off much of the family's land and sold the unfinished wing of the house off brick by brick.
Exterior
The exterior of the house is quite austere – seven bays in total, on two floors, with a three-bayed central prominent elevation surmounted by a pediment. The fenestration is of sash windows. (The ground floor windows are crowned by small round windows suggesting a non-existent mezzanine.) The centre bay contains a large central venetian window on the ground floor.
Interior
By contrast to the exterior the interiors are an extravaganza of rococo architecture in its highest form. The principal rooms: the north hall, a double cube room () may have lost its adjoining hall under the lost dome. However, its magnificence remains. The broken pedimented door cases are adorned with rococo carving, by Luke Lightfoot, the most talented wood carver of the era, who worked extensively on the great mansion. Their work can be found on the ceiling and the niches in the walls. The adjoining saloon is slightly more restrained in its decoration. However the ornate carving continues into the dado rails, and onto the Corinthian columns supporting the huge Venetian window. The third principal room was redecorated as a library by Parthenope, Lady Verney in 1860. The plaster rococo ceiling remains in all its splendour.
A staircase of inlaid ivory and marquetry leads to the first floor. The walls of the staircase hall are ornamented with medallions and carved garlands reflecting the theme established in the main reception rooms. The wrought iron balustrade of the stairs contains ironwork ears of wheat, which rustle like the real thing as one ascends the flights.
The marvel of the first floor is the Chinese room: one of the most extraordinary rooms in the house if not England. Here the rococo continues, but this time in a form known as chinoiserie — essentially a Chinese version of the rococo decorative style. The entire room is a fantasy of carved pagodas, Chinese fretwork, bells and temples while oriental scrolls and swirls swoop around the walls and doors reaching a crescendo in the temple-like canopy, which would have once contained a bed, but now gives a throne-like importance to a divan.
Also on this floor is a small museum dedicated to the nursing pioneer Florence Nightingale, the sister of Parthenope, Lady Verney. In their later years Nightingale regularly stayed at the house.
Claydon House today
The present Verney family, who still live in the later red-brick south wing, are the descendants of Sir Harry Calvert, 2nd Baronet who inherited the house in 1827. They were very tenuously related to the Verneys only through marriage. However, they adopted the name Verney on inheriting. The house was given to the National Trust in 1956 by Sir Ralph Verney, 5th Baronet. Their son, Sir Edmund Verney, 6th Baronet, a former High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire, lives in the house today.
Annually (usually the last weekend in July) at Claydon House, there is a hovercraft race meeting organised by the Chilterns Branch as part of the HCGB (UK) National Hovercraft Racing Series.
In 2013, Claydon House was used for interior and exterior shots for filming Far from the Madding Crowd, a British film version of Thomas Hardy's novel.
See also
The Blacknall Map at Claydon House
References
Sources
External links
Claydon House information at the National Trust
The Claydon Estate
Aylesbury Vale
Country houses in Buckinghamshire
Grade I listed buildings in Buckinghamshire
Grade I listed houses
Grade II listed parks and gardens in Buckinghamshire
Historic house museums in Buckinghamshire
Houses completed in 1771
National Trust properties in Buckinghamshire
Rococo architecture in England
Rotundas (architecture)
Verney family
Jared Hess (born November 13, 1983 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma) is a retired American mixed martial artist.  They are most known for their stint fighting for Bellator Fighting Championships in their middleweight division. They were runner-up in the middleweight tournament after losing to Hector Lombard.
Biography
Hess grew up in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma and attend Western Heights High School, Oklahoma City. While in high school, Hess was a standout football player and wrestler. Their first-year student year, their wrestling team went 2-8 but Hess was state champion for their weight. Hess had their first child in 2002 during their senior year.
After high school, Hess attended University of Central Oklahoma and graduated in 2007 with a degree in Industrial Safety and Criminal Justice. They also wrestled and was an All-American their senior year. One time they went on a trip to Las Vegas to watch one of their best friends get married and back out of doing the bungee jump at the stratosphere hotel.
Mixed martial arts
Bellator Fighting Championships
Hess entered the Bellator middleweight tournament on April 17, 2009. Their first fight was against Daniel Tabera, Hess won the fight after taking Tabera down and applying a rear naked choke submission early in round one.
Hess then fought in the next round of the middleweight tournament against Yosmany Cabezas at Bellator 9. Hess won the fight via technical knockout in the third round.
In the finals of the middleweight tournament at the main event of Bellator 12, Hess lost to Cuban fighter Hector Lombard. The fight ended in a TKO doctor stoppage due to multiple cuts, which occurred from elbows delivered on the ground by Lombard.
Hess returned for the second season tournament in April 2010, hoping to get a rematch with Lombard and win the middleweight title. Their first fight was against former IFL middleweight champion Ryan McGivern, whom they defeated via submission.
Hess lost their semi-final bout against Alexander Shlemenko on May 27. Despite controlling the first two rounds, Hess was on the receiving end of a flying knee from Shlemenko midway through the third round. As a result of the strike, Hess fell awkwardly on their left leg and severely dislocated their knee, causing the referee to stop the bout. Their knee required surgery and kept them out of action for six months.
At Bellator 42, Hess returned from their knee injury at Bellator 20 eleven months prior. They fought Chris Bell on the undercard. Bell missed weight, and the fight was changed to a catchweight bout of 190 lbs. Hess dictated the pace of the fight, and won via triangle choke submission early in round one. The win earned Hess a spot in the Bellator Season Five Middleweight tournament.
Hess' first fight in the Bellator Season Five Middleweight tournament took place on September 17, 2011, at Bellator 50 against Bryan Baker. Though they controlled round 1 with dominant ground control and effective striking, Hess lost the fight in the third round via TKO.
Hess fought Brett Cooper on the undercard of Bellator 58 on November 19, 2011. Hess lost the fight via unanimous decision. Hess was released from the promotion after the loss.
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
|align=center| 11–4–1
| Brett Cooper
| Decision (unanimous)
| Bellator 58
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 5:00
|Hollywood, Florida, United States
|
|-
| Loss
|align=center| 11–3–1
| Bryan Baker
| TKO (punches)
| Bellator 50
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 2:52
|Hollywood, Florida, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 11–2–1
| Chris Bell
| Submission (triangle choke)
| Bellator 42
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 1:40
|Concho, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Loss
|align=center| 10–2–1
| Alexander Shlemenko
| TKO (knee injury)
| Bellator 20
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 2:20
|San Antonio, Texas, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 10–1–1
| Ryan McGivern
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| Bellator 16
|
|align=center| 2
|align=center| 1:54
|Kansas City, Missouri, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 9–1–1
| Keith Johnson
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| BB 3: Holiday Havoc
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 2:18
|Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Loss
|align=center| 8–1–1
| Hector Lombard
| TKO (doctor stoppage)
| Bellator 12
|
|align=center| 4
|align=center| 1:41
|Hollywood, Florida, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 8–0–1
| Yosmany Cabezas
| TKO (punches)
| Bellator 9
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| 4:26
|Monroe, Louisiana, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 7–0–1
| Daniel Tabera
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| Bellator 4
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 2:34
|Norman, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 6–0–1
| Jason Anderson
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| C3 Fights: Knockout-Rockout Weekend 1
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 0:19
|Clinton, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 5–0–1
| Mike Queen
| Submission (rear naked choke)
| C3 Fights: Contenders
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 2:42
|Concho, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 4–0–1
| Kristopher Flores
| TKO (cut)
| King of Kombat 3
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 1:52
|Austin, Texas, United States
|
|-
| Draw
|align=center| 3–0–1
| Nate James
| Draw
| CCCF: Heroes
|
|align=center| 3
|align=center| N/A
|Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 3–0
| Keith Richards
| Submission
| Masters of the Cage 17
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 3:59
|Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 2–0
| Dominic Brown
| TKO (punches)
| Masters of the Cage 16
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 2:37
|Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States
|
|-
| Win
|align=center| 1–0
| Richard Harris
| Submission
| Warriors of the Cage 2
|
|align=center| 1
|align=center| 0:33
|Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States
|
References
External links
Bellator profile
Central Oklahoma wrestling profile
American male mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists from Oklahoma
Middleweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing collegiate wrestling
1983 births
Living people
University of Central Oklahoma alumni
Central Oklahoma Bronchos wrestlers
Osman Faruk Loğoğlu (born 1941) is a Turkish diplomat and the former Turkish ambassador to the United States of America, having served from 2001 to 2005.
Education
Loğoğlu graduated from Tarsus American College and received their undergraduate and master's degree in political science at Brandeis University in Waltham, MA on the Vienna International Scholarship, and their Ph.D. from Princeton University in 1970.
Career
Loğoğlu has more than thirty-five years of experience in the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Services (MFS), and has specifically addressed issues relating to Turkey's external affairs, the Middle East and Europe. Loğoğlu is currently the president of the Eurasian Strategic Studies Center (ASAM), one of the leading think tanks in Turkey, headquartered in Ankara. Additionally, they serve as deputy chairperson of the Turkish National Commission for UNESCO, as acting president of the Foundation for Local Volunteers for Disaster Relief, and as a member of the board of the Strategic Studies Center of the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Prior to entering the Turkish Ministry of Foreign Services, Loğoğlu was a lecturer in political science at Middlebury College in Vermont, from 1969 to 1970.
From 1973 to 1976, Loğoğlu held the position of first secretary at the European Union and in Dhaka, Bangladesh from 1976 to 1978.
During the 1980s Ambassador Loğoğlu was the head of the Department of Ministry of Foreign Affairs where their responsibilities centered primarily on bilateral political affairs and Cyprus and Greece issues, serving as a Counselor at the Permanent Mission of Turkey to the United Nations in New York from 1980 to 1984.
From 1986 to 1989, Loğoğlu was the consulate general in Hamburg, Germany. They were appointed the deputy undersecretary in 1998.
Dr. Loğoğlu served as the Turkish ambassador to Baku, Azerbaijan from 1996 to 1998 and to Copenhagen, Denmark from 1993 to 1996.
They were appointed the undersecretary of the Turkish ministry of foreign affairs from 2000 to 2001, before assuming the position of the ambassador to the USA in 2001.
They retired from Turkish Foreign Service in 2006. They headed one of Turkey's major think tanks for two years (2006–2008), the Center for Eurasian Strategic Studies (ASAM) headquartered in Ankara. Loğoğlu also served as the Deputy Chairperson of the Turkish National Commission for UNESCO, 2006–2010 and chaired the Cultural Committee during the General Conference of UNESCO in Paris.
Loğoğlu worked with the Turkey Change Movement (TDH) in 2010. They then joined the Republican People's Party (CHP) and was elected to the Turkish Parliament as adeputy from the province of Adana in the June 2011 elections.  They are now a member of the Foreign Relations Committee of the Turkish Grand National Assembly (TBMM), a member of CHP's Party Council and a Vice-chairperson of CHP in charge of foreign relations and organizations abroad.
Authorship
Loğoğlu is the author of the book Ismet Inonu and the Making of Modern Turkey, a biography about the second president of the Turkish Republic, İsmet İnönü.
Personal
 They are married to Mevhibe Loğoğlu.
External links
Biography at the Brussels Forum
Brandeis University alumni
Ambassadors of Turkey to the United States
Ambassadors of Turkey to Azerbaijan
Ambassadors of Turkey to Denmark
Living people
1941 births
Princeton University alumni
Tarsus American College alumni
Members of the 24th Parliament of Turkey
Deputies of Adana
Republican People's Party (Turkey) politicians
Sandra E. Clark is an American diplomat.
Sandra Clark may also refer to:
Sandra Clark (British actor), Scottish actor who featured in the TV series The Mackinnons (1977) and Me and My Girl (1985–1988)
Sandra Clark (American actor), American actor known for their role in the film Scream for Help (1984)
Sandra Clark, a fictional character on the TV series 227
Alan Koch (born 30 April 1975) is a South African soccer coach who is head coach of FC Edmonton. Koch is a former South African youth national team player, professional player and coach.  They are a graduate of Simon Fraser University where they earned their bachelor's degree. They earned their master's degree from Midwestern State University in 2005. They were previously the Head Coach of FC Cincinnati in Major League Soccer.
Early life
Koch attended Westville Boys' High School in their native South Africa. They were there selected as the captain of the South African Schoolboys team in 1992. They played for Reservoir Hills United in 1993 and was coached by Professor Ngubane in the OK League which is now known as the Mvela League. They left South Africa in 1995 to sign with KTSV Preussen Krefeld of the German Oberliga. They were also briefly with Wattenscheid 09 and Bayer Uerdingen of the 2.Bundesliga. They signed for Limerick of the League of Ireland in 2000. In 2001, on advice from medical experts, Koch retired from football due to a heart condition.
Coaching career
Midwestern State
Koch began their coaching tenure as an assistant coach at Midwestern State University. In their first season in 2003, Koch helped the Mustangs finish 17–5 and reach the NCAA Elite Eight. In 2004, they also help guide them to a 12–6 record. In their final year with Midwestern State University in 2005, while completing their master's degree, the Mustangs finished the season 13–3–2. Koch then moved on to Baker University where they were offered the head coaching position.
Baker University
At Baker University, Koch took on their first head coaching position and finished their first season in charge with a 9–9 record in 2006. The next season, Koch guided the Wildcats to a 13–7 record while reaching the regional semi-finals in the NCAA National Tournament. Koch was then presented with an opportunity to move to Vancouver, British Columbia to take over the Simon Fraser University head coaching position.
Vancouver Whitecaps FC W-League
Koch also had a spell in charge of the Vancouver Whitecaps W-League team in 2009. They guided the Women's team to a 5th-place finish which narrowly missed out on the playoffs.
Simon Fraser University
Koch spent seven seasons at Simon Fraser University as the head coach of the Men's Soccer Team. They were the 2009 and 2010 AII coach of the year, and also the 2010, 2011, 2012 GNAC coach of the year. 2011 was also a landmark season for the Men's Soccer Team as they became the first non-American school to be ranked in the NCAA top 25. On 18 October 2011, the Men's Soccer Team reached No. 1 in the NCAA division 2 national rankings. At the conclusion of the NCAA regular season, the Men's Soccer Team remained as the No. 1 team in the NCAA. In November 2012, Simon Fraser University became the first Canadian team to qualify for an NCAA division 2 National Tournament. The team went on a historic run and qualified for the Final Four hosted in Evans, Georgia. At the end of the NCAA season, the Men's Soccer team became the No. 3 ranked team in the NCAA. On 5 December 2012, Koch was named NSCAA Regional Coach of the year. During the 2012 season, Koch and the Simon Fraser University Men's Soccer team were featured in the New York Times. In 2013, Koch again led Simon Fraser to another top four appearance in the NCAA Soccer Division 2 National Tournament.
Team Canada – Maccabiah Games
Koch helped lead Team Canada in the 2013 Maccabiah Games in Jerusalem, Israel to a bronze medal after a hard-fought 4–1 win against Mexico. Koch's Team Canada qualified to the quarter-finals as the runners-up in the group after beating Chile 3–0, Venezuela 4–1 before losing to the defending champions Argentina 4–1 in the final group stage match. They were then drawn against heavy favourites Brazil in the quarter-finals and Canada thrilled the crowd with a big 1–0 win before moving onto playing the United States in the semi-finals. The United States proved to be too much for Team Canada who was sent to the bronze medal match against Mexico.
Vancouver Whitecaps FC
Koch began their time with Vancouver Whitecaps FC as the primary college scout ahead of the 2015 MLS SuperDraft. With the No. 13 selection in the draft, the Whitecaps selected future U.S. Men's National Team defender Tim Parker, who has emerged as one of MLS' top center backs since becoming a professional. They formally joined the organisation as the first-ever head coach of Whitecaps FC 2, Vancouver's USL affiliate, on 30 January 2015. After missing out on the USL Cup Playoffs in year one, Koch led Whitecaps FC 2 to its best season in its three years of existence, producing a 12–9–9 record. As the No. 6 seed, Vancouver advanced to the Western Conference Finals of the USL Cup Playoffs.
The head coach gave midfielder Alphonso Davies their first minutes as a professional soccer player at the age of 15 on 2 April 2016 at Portland Timbers 2. Davies went on to sign for Bayern Munich at the end of the 2018 MLS season.
FC Cincinnati
They joined FC Cincinnati in the United Soccer League as the Director of Scouting and Analytics and Assistant Coach in December 2016. Just two months later, they were named the second head coach in club history on 17 February 2017.
In their first year with FC Cincinnati, Koch guided the club to the semifinal round of the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. The Orange and Blue claimed wins over MLS sides Columbus Crew SC and the Chicago Fire as well as a win over NASL Fall Champions, Miami FC. In the USL regular season, Koch led FC Cincinnati to a 12–10–10 record, placing Cincinnati in the USL Cup Playoffs for a second-consecutive season.
In 2018, with Koch at the helm, the Orange and Blue had a historic season which saw FC Cincinnati set club highs in total wins (23), total points (77), home wins (12), home points (30), away wins (11), and away points (38). FC Cincinnati claimed the USL Regular Season Championship after posting a 23–3–8 record, earning Cincinnati the top seed in the Eastern Conference for the USL Cup Playoffs. Koch led FC Cincinnati to its first-ever postseason win with the club defeated Nashville SC 1–1 (6–5 on penalties) in an Eastern Conference quarterfinal-round match. Following the conclusion of the season, Koch was named the USL Coach of the Year for Cincinnati's record-breaking season.
Koch remained with FC Cincinnati as they moved up to Major League Soccer. However, after 11 MLS games with a 2–7–2 record, Koch was fired by the club on 7 May 2019. General manager Jeff Berding said the firing was the result of a declining club culture rather than directly due to the results on the pitch.
Colorado Springs Switchbacks
On 23 September 2019, Koch was named head coach of USL Championship side Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC. In the 2020 coronavirus impacted season Koch improved the team's fortunes from 18th position in the 2019 league standings to 13th position in the 2020 USL Western Conference standings.
FC Edmonton
On 24 November 2020, Koch was named head coach and director of football operations of Canadian Premier League side FC Edmonton.
Managerial statistics
Managerial achievements
Simon Fraser University
2009 NAIA Final Four
A.I.I Champion – 2009, 2010
2012 NCAA D2 Final Four
2013 NCAA D2 Final Four
2014 NCAA 1st round
GNAC Champions – 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013
United Soccer League
2017 US Open Cup Semi-finalist
2018 USL Regular Season Champions
2018 USL Coach of the Year
Major League Soccer
2019 MLS Week Three Coach of the Week
2019 MLS Week Four Coach of the Week
Certification
Koch currently holds varying levels of coaching certification. These include NSCAA Premier Diploma with distinction, Canadian A License, USSF A License, SKNFCA Level 2, and UEFA A and B licences.
References
External links
Alan Koch's archived biography at FC Cincinnati
1975 births
Living people
Canadian soccer coaches
Simon Fraser Clan men's soccer coaches
South African soccer players
South African expatriate soccer players
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
Sportspeople from Durban
FC Cincinnati coaches
FC Edmonton coaches
Association football midfielders
Limerick F.C. players
Whitecaps FC 2
Expatriate soccer managers in Canada
Expatriate soccer managers in the United States
Midwestern State Mustangs
College men's soccer coaches in the United States
Baker Wildcats men's soccer coaches
Colorado Springs Switchbacks FC coaches
USL Championship coaches
Major League Soccer coaches
AdJ (Aprendiendo de Jesús) is a distribution of OpenBSD for Spanish speakers.
The source code is available in GitHub.
To learn how to install there is a challenge on P2PU.
Release history
Each version is based on the corresponding version of the sources of OpenBSD.
This distribution has been cited by a number of independent authors.
References
OpenBSD
Spanish language
Ataxia linearis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Henry Walter Bates in 1866. It is known from French Guiana and Brazil.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1866
Jitu is a census town in the Matigara CD block in the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district in the state of West Bengal, India.
Geography
Location
Jitu is located at .
Bairatisal, Tari, Jitu, Bara Mohansingh and Mathapari form a cluster of census towns as per map of Matigara CD block on page 265 of District Census Handbook, Darjeeling.
Area overview
The map alongside shows the Siliguri subdivision of Darjeeling district. This area is spread across the foothills of the Himalayas and is a plain land gently sloping from north to south. While the northern part is mentioned as the Terai region, the larger southern portion forms the western part of the Dooars region. While 55.11% per cent of the population resides in the rural areas, 44.89% resides in the urban areas. On the western side the Mechi River forms a long border with Nepal. On the eastern side the Mahananda River forms a short border with Bangladesh.
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census of India, Jitu had a total population of 5,892 of which 2,886 (49%) were males and 3,006 (51%) were females. There were 661 persons in the age range of 0 to 6 years. The total number of literate people in Jitu was 4,438 (75.32% of the population over 6 years).
Infrastructure
According to the District Census Handbook 2011, Darjiling, Jitu covered an area of 1.3597 km2. Among the civic amenities, it had 39 km roads with open drains, the protected water supply involved tap water from treated sources and covered well, it had 1,217 domestic electric connections and 167 road lighting points. Among the medical facilities, it had 5 medicine shops in the town and several facilities in nearby areas. Among the educational facilities it had were 2 primary schools, 1 middle school, 1 secondary school, 1 senior secondary school, the nearest general degree college at Bairatisal 1 km away. Among the social cultural and recreational facilities it had were 1 orphanage, 1 working women's hostel.
References
Cities and towns in Darjeeling district
Sixteen Deluxe is an American alternative rock band from Austin, Texas, United States. They were mainly active in the 1990s, recording initially for Butthole Surfers drummer King Coffey's Trance Syndicate label. They issued one album on Warner Bros. Records and several others on indie labels. Sixteen Deluxe disbanded in 2000, and re-formed in 2010. In 2012, Sixteen Deluxe were inducted into the Austin Chronicle 's Austin Music Hall of Fame.
History
Sixteen Deluxe formed in 1994 after the demise of Swingset, a band that featured vocalist/guitarist Carrie Clark, bass player Owen McMahon (Cherubs, Butthole Surfers), and drummer John Paul Keenon (Sean Lennon). Clark auditioned for the Austin band Flying Saucers, and was turned down, but informed by Flying Saucer frontman Jon Sanchez that another guitarist who had tried out and also been rejected, Chris "Frenchie" Smith, might be a good match for them Enlisting bass player Jeff Copas and drummer Lyman Hardy (Ed Hall), Sixteen Deluxe began rehearsing in the spring of 1994.
After writing and playing throughout the summer of 1994, Sixteen Deluxe were asked by King Coffey (Butthole Surfers) to record a 7" single for their Trance Syndicate label. Released in February 1995, the "Idea" single (b/w "Honey") would be named one of the Top Ten singles of 1995 by Spin Magazine's Charles Aaron. The single and accompanying video were placed into rotation on MTV's "120 Minutes." Coffey next offered the band the opportunity to record a full-length album, and the band entered Music Lane Studios in Austin in late December 1994 to track the album. Due to their ongoing Ed Hall commitments, Hardy was replaced by J Bryan Bowden in the fall of 1994. Bowden played drums on the band's debut record, Backfeedmagnetbabe.
Released in May 1995 by Trance Syndicate and distributed by Touch and Go Records, Backfeedmagnetbabe was met with positive critical acclaim and brought the band to the attention of major labels. Touring throughout 1995 and 1996 (with drummer Casey Rhodes), the band played shows and toured with Medicine, Guided By Voices, Pansy Division, and Ed Hall. In March 1996, Sixteen Deluxe toured the United States opening for 7 Year Bitch. In spring 1996, the band recorded Pilot Knob EP with the members of Crust, with Hardy returning to the drum seat again after the departure of Rhodes prior to the recording.
In October 1996, Sixteen Deluxe signed a two-record deal with Warner Bros. Records. The band recorded their Warner's debut at Hyde Street Studios in San Francisco during January and February 1997 with producer John Croslin, engineer Dave McNair, and new drummer Steven T. Hall. During the fall of 1997, Sixteen Deluxe toured extensively as the opening act for Luna on their Pup Tent tour. Their Warners debut, Emits Showers of Sparks, was released in January 1998. During the summer of 1998, Sixteen Deluxe toured as the opening act for Jesus & Mary Chain, and played several shows with Swervedriver and Hum. During 1998 the band also recorded an EP, The Moonman is Blue, with producer Mike McCarthy.
Sixteen Deluxe asked to be released from their Warner Bros. contract in November 1998, and after receiving a settlement from the label built their home studio, The Bubble. Over the next year, the band recorded with McCarthy and others, and opened up The Bubble to other Austin bands. Touring continued throughout 1999 with recording taking place in between. In November 1999 while on tour, Copas quit the band in Lawrence, Kansas, and drummer Steven T. Hall replaced them on bass, with Kliph Scurlock (Flaming Lips) taking over drums. In June 2000, the resulting album Vision Take Me, Make Me, Never Forsake Me was released by L.A.-based Sugarfix Records, and that same month Clark quit the band. Sixteen Deluxe then announced their break up.
Reunion
In March 2010, Sixteen Deluxe reunited to play a benefit for Austin's SIMS Foundation, a drug and alcohol rehabilitation charity. A series of shows during South by Southwest followed, and the band continued to perform throughout the year.
In March 2012, Sixteen Deluxe were inducted into the Austin Music Hall of Fame by readers of the Austin Chronicle. In September 2012, they performed at Grulkefest, a benefit for the late Brent Grulke, Creative Director of SXSW, along with Austin bands True Believers, The Reivers, and Fastball. The band also performed in September 2012 at the 5th Annual Dia De Los Toadies festival in New Braunfels, TX with Toadies, Helmet, and Mariachi El Bronx.
In a podcast interview conducted with Alex Botten in November 2013, Sixteen Deluxe announced that they were writing new material and recording. In July 2014, the band recorded new material at The Bubble in Austin, TX, with guitarist Smith producing.
On March 29, 2015, Good Records of Dallas, Texas, announced the release of a 7" of newly recorded Sixteen Deluxe material, to be released on Record Store Day, April 18, 2015. The 7" marked the first release of new Sixteen Deluxe material since their 2000 breakup.
Band members
Current
Carrie Clark – vocals, guitar (1994–present)
Jeff Copas – bass (1994–present)
Steven T. Hall – drums (1996–present)
Chris "Frenchie" Smith – vocals, guitar (1994–present)
Past
J. Bryan Bowden – drums (1994–1995)
Lyman Hardy III – drums (1994, 1996)
Casey Rhodes – drums (1995–1996)
Discography
Albums
EPs
Singles
Compilations
Television and film
References
External links
The Austin Chronicle Music Anthology, March 1996, Vol 15, No 26 SXSW Picks To Click: Sixteen Deluxe Margaret Moser, pages 148-149; sidebar, Dancing bout architecture:Sixteen delays Vol 17.No 32 April 17, 1998
ROCK REVIEW; From Pop to Punk With a Slew of Themes and Variations By NEIL STRAUSS Published: July 21, 1995 "one of Austin's most talked-about alternative bands, Sixteen Deluxe... psychedelic-rock quartet on its first national tour"
CMJ New Music Monthly March 1998 Sixteen Deluxe: TV Party Tonight
Hot From Austin, It's Sixteen Deluxe | The Seattle Times
interview with The Dumbing of America
Alternative rock groups from Texas
Musical groups from Austin, Texas
Musical groups established in 1994
1994 establishments in Texas
Trance Syndicate artists
Warner Records artists
Jacob Dlamini is a South African journalist, historian and author.  They are currently an assistant professor of history at Princeton University, specialising in African history. They have written four books about South African political and social history, each of which seeks to complicate popular narratives about Apartheid and black experience in South Africa.
Biography
Dlamini grew up in Katlehong, a township outside of Johannesburg, during Apartheid. They studied English literature and political science at the University of the Witswatersrand (Wits), graduating in 2003 with a Bachelor's degree and Honours degree, and has Master's degrees from the University of Sussex and Yale University. At Yale, they had planned to research the Truth and Reconciliation Commission in the political science department, but switched to a course of study in the history department. In 2012 they received a doctorate in history from Yale. Before becoming a historian, they had been a journalist in South Africa – they were political editor and columnist at the Business Day newspaper, and also wrote for the now defunct The Weekender. Dlamini was a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Barcelona (2011-2015), a Ruth First fellow at Wits, and a Visiting Scholar at Harvard University (2014-2015). In 2015, they were appointed assistant professor at Princeton University. Since then, they have held fellowships at the Stellenbosch Institute for Advanced Study (2017) and at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton (2017-2018).
Works
Dlamini has said that they aspire towards "understanding the centrality of race while also understanding that race doesn't explain everything" – that is, they aspire to resist race reductionism in explaining social and historical phenomena and in interpreting agents' motives and experiences. Closely related is their concern with the parts of the individual's private life and psychology that cannot be subjected to the total control of a state, racial system, or ideology. The "fantasy" of effective totalitarian state power, they say, has survived in South Africa as a holdover from the Apartheid era, though the impossibility of such a fantasy is probably precisely what accounts for the collapse of Apartheid. On these grounds and others, their books challenge entrenched – and politically sensitive – narratives in South African history, such as those about black collaboration, black experience under Apartheid, and the efficiency of the Apartheid state apparatus. André du Toit has called Dlamini South Africa's "first major post-apartheid historian," and Dilip M. Menon calls them "the enfant terrible of South African historiography."
Native Nostalgia (2009)
Dlamini's first book, Native Nostalgia, has been described as "polemical," including by Dlamini himself. It presents a nostalgic account of their own childhood under Apartheid, challenging the one-dimensional depiction of Apartheid-era townships as devoid of moral, cultural, and aesthetic activity. It argues that the nostalgia felt by many black South Africans for their lives under Apartheid (and for the Afrikaans language) can coexist with a moral and political denunciation of Apartheid, and challenges the notion that the Apartheid system was totalising and totally oppressive for those who lived under it. It also offers criticisms of post-Apartheid governance and society.
It won the 2010 University of Johannesburg Prize for Debut Creative Writing in English, and received mixed reviews. Eusebius McKaiser said it "delivers reflective insights with rhythmic beauty," and Hermann Giliomee lauds it for acknowledging the agency of black people living under Apartheid. Ross Truscott said it is "fascinating" but "small and perhaps hastily written." Some, however, said it is "reactionary" or "sickening." In response, other critics suggested that Dlamini's detractors had misinterpreted the book, taking them as an apologist for Apartheid. Indeed, Dlamini anticipates this:The conundrum is this: What does it mean for a black South African to remember life under apartheid with fondness? What does it mean to say that black life under apartheid was not all doom and gloom and that there was a lot of which black South Africans could be, and indeed were, proud? Only lazy thinkers would take these questions to mean support for apartheid. They do not. Apartheid was without virtue.
Askari (2014)
Askari: A Story of Collaboration and Betrayal in the Anti-Apartheid Struggle (2014) investigates the life of Glory Sedibe, also known as Comrade September, a member of the African National Congress (ANC) and senior Umkhonto we Sizwe operative who in August 1986 was abducted by an Apartheid death squad, led by Eugene de Kock. Under torture, Sedibe informed on their ANC comrades, becoming an askari or spy, and ultimately an assassin, for the Apartheid state. The book explores the phenomenon of "collaboration" with systems of oppression, tracing its long history in South Africa and elsewhere, and examining the lives and motives of black people who were coerced or otherwise co-opted into complicity in Apartheid systems. In this way it seeks to disturb established historical and political memories of Apartheid, and to complicate the binary that distinguishes between victims and perpetrators.
Dlamini wrote the book as an Open Society Fellow in 2012 to 2013. They were attracted to Sedibe's story because of their own absolutist and even "intolerant" political beliefs as a youth in Apartheid South Africa. Active in the Congress of South African Students – and regarding non-Congress-aligned elements of the anti-Apartheid movement as their primary ideological opponents – they had been unable to imagine what could motivate a defection on Sedibe's scale.
Askari won an Alan Paton Award, a South African Literary Award, and a National Institute for the Humanities and Social Sciences Award. The Daily Maverick called it "deeply unsettling reading," and complimented it for "subverting the neat binaries of South African history." In André du Toit's view, the book is not wholly successful as a biography of Sedibe, but its critical analysis is rigorous and effective.
The Terrorist Album (2020)
The Terrorist Album: Apartheid's Insurgents, Collaborators, and the Security Police (2020) centres on a gallery of photographs of political enemies of the Apartheid state, known as the "terrorist album," which was maintained by and distributed among the Apartheid security police from the 1960s until the early 1990s. The book uses the album to investigate the workings of the security police by following the stories behind the album's entries – some of which were used to facilitate surveillance and brutal persecution by the Apartheid state, and some of which were absurdly erroneous. It also looks at the post-Apartheid lives led by the individuals on both sides of those stories.
The book grew out of research Dlamini had done for Askari. Given that former officers spoke of the terrorist album as a critical resource for the security police, Dlamini was surprised when they gained access to one of the few remaining copies of the album and found that much of it was inaccurate. The Terrorist Album suggests that a bumbling inefficiency and blind "racial panic" underlay the ostensible, and much mythologised, omnipotence and omniscience of the Apartheid state. Dlamini has said that this myth is the result of "mistaking the state's brutality for efficiency."
In one review, Alex Lichtenstein was exceedingly positive about Dlamini's oeuvre as a whole, but questioned whether The Terrorist Album "adds much to the portrait of apartheid one finds in Askari, although it does take readers deeper into the twisted minds of the security police."
Safari Nation (2020)
Safari Nation: A Social History of Kruger National Park (2020) discusses black people's tourism and leisure activities in the Kruger National Park, as well as broader African environmental history and the history of African environmental thought and migration. Dlamini intended the book to tell "the 'black history'" of the park, not in order to usurp the "dominant 'white history'" but to illuminate the complexity and significance of the park's history. Like their other books, Safari Nation is concerned with the dangers of "treat[ing] black South Africans as nothing more than victims of history." It is based on Dlamini's doctoral dissertation, which was titled, "Putting the Kruger National Park in its place: a social history of Africans, mobility and conservation in a modernizing South Africa, 1900-2010." Dlamini is also a qualified field guide.
Safari Nation won the University of Johannesburg Prize for Creative Writing in English and the American Historical Association's Martin A. Klein Prize in African History. It was also shortlisted for the Sunday Times CNA Literary Award for Non-fiction. It received favourable reviews.
Bibliography
Books:
Selected articles:
"The root of the matter: scenes from an ANC branch" (2009 Ruth First memorial lecture). African Studies 69(1), 2010, pp. 187–203. DOI:10.1080/00020181003647280.
"We now know: reform, revolution and race in post-apartheid South Africa". Transformation 75, 2011, pp. 36–43. DOI:10.1353/trn.2011.0006.
"Life choices and South African biography". Kronos 41(1), 2015, pp. 339–346.
"Shame and the imaginary institution of society". Social Imaginaries 2(2), 2016, pp. 137–150. DOI:10.5840/si20162216.
"Apartheid confessions". Interventions 18(6), 2016, pp. 772–785. DOI:10.1080/1369801X.2016.1222300.
"Land and belonging: On the tomb ya ga Solomon Plaatje". In Sol Plaatje's Native Life in South Africa: Past and Present (ed. Janet Remmington, Brian Willan & Bhekizizwe Peterson), pp. 196–210. Wits University Press, 2016.
"A hyphenated legacy? Obama's Africa policy". In The Presidency of Barack Obama: A First Historical Assessment (ed. Julian E. Zelizer), pp. 227. Princeton University Press, 2018.
Awards
2010 University of Johannesburg Prize for Debut Creative Writing in English, for Native Nostalgia
2015 Alan Paton Award, for Askari
2016 South African Literary Award for Creative Non-fiction, for Askari
2016 National Institute for the Humanities and Social Sciences Award for Best Monograph, for Askari
2021 University of Johannesburg Prize for Creative Writing in English, for Safari Nation
2021 Martin A. Klein Prize in African History, for Safari Nation
References
External links
Excerpt from Safari Nation
2020 video interview about Safari Nation
2020 video interview about The Terrorist Album
2021 presentation to the Academy of Science of South Africa ("Crisis and catastrophe: the motor of South African History?")
Living people
South African non-fiction writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Yale Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
University of the Witwatersrand alumni
Alumni of the University of Sussex
The striated earthcreeper (Geocerthia serrana) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is monotypic within Geocerthia, but has traditionally been included in Upucerthia. The two genera are not particularly close. The striated earthcreeper is found in woodland and shrub in the Andean highlands of western Peru.
References
striated earthcreeper
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
striated earthcreeper
striated earthcreeper
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Papyrus Golénischeff is a papyrus artefact from ancient Egypt. It was found by Vladimir Semyonovich Golénischeff.
The artifact is the remains of what were four pages. On the first page, the first thirteen lines correspond to text missing from Berlin Papyrus No.1.
The text dates to the Fifteenth Dynasty of Egypt.
The text is onomastic, that is, it is either concerned with the history and origin of proper names or just simply concerns names. Amongst things of interest to modern scholarship, the text mentions the word nyw (waves), mentions the position of Zakkala at the beginning of the XXIst (21st) dynasty, and together with Papyrus Hood the text makes reference to Ptah.
W.M. Mueller at some time studied the text.
See also
List of ancient Egyptian papyri
References
Egyptian papyri
Onomasticon
Narayani Zone was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal, comprising five districts, namely, Bara, Chitwan, Makwanpur, Parsa and Rautahat. Here is district wise List of Monuments which is in the Narayani Zone.
Narayani Zone
List of monuments in Bara District
List of monuments in Chitwan District
List of monuments in Makwanpur District
List of monuments in Parsa District
List of monuments in Rautahat District
References
Narayani Zone
Narayani Zone
The following list of C++ template libraries details the various libraries of templates available for the C++ programming language.
The choice of a typical library depends on a diverse range of requirements such as: desired features (e.g.: large dimensional linear algebra, parallel computation, partial differential equations), commercial/opensource nature, readability of API, portability or platform/compiler dependence (e.g.: Linux, Windows, Visual C++, GCC), performance in speed, ease-of-use, continued support from developers, standard compliance, specialized optimization in code for specific application scenarios or even the size of the code-base to be installed.
General
Active Template Library (Windows)
Adaptive Communication Environment
Adobe Source Libraries
AGG (anti-aliased rendering library)
Boost
CGAL – Computational Geometry Algorithms Library
Concurrent Collections for C++ (CnC)
Dlib
Embedded Template Library
IT++
KFRlib Audio and DSP library with extensive use of template expressions.
Loki
mlpack – machine learning
ODB ORM and Database-Aware Container Template Library
Oracle Template Library
PETSc – Portable, Extensible Toolkit for Scientific Computation
POCO C++ Libraries
Template Numerical Toolkit
Threading Building Blocks (TBB)
Windows Template Library
Windows Runtime Library
Standard Template Library and derivates
Standard Template Library
GNU C++ Standard Library (libstdc++)
libc++, part of clang++
STAPL
EASTL
Linear Algebra
Armadillo C++ Library
Blitz++
Eigen Library
Matrix Template Library
Trilinos
See also
External links
Linear Algebra Libraries (A well-done survey by Claire Mouton, from INRIA, France in 2009)
List of open source C++ library
C++ libraries
Cai Qian (; pinyin: Cài Qiān; 1761–1809) was a Chinese sea merchant, considered by some a pirate during the Qing Dynasty era.
Biography
Cai Qian was born in Tong'an District, which is a county in the prefecture of Quanzhou in Fujian, China. This information is, however, not consistent with the account found in other sources. For example, a contemporary scholar called Jiao Xun identified Zhangzhou as Cai's birthplace while official records show - based on a report by the governor-general of Fujian to the emperor (during Ruan Yuan's time as a governor) - that Cai came from the village of Xiapu, also in Tong'an County.
There is very little information about their early life except that they lived a hard life, first working as a peasant and then a fisherman. Due to starvation, they became a pirate in 1794. They are, thereafter, described by fellow pirates as small in stature but quite ambitious, stopping at nothing to rise through the ranks. They were said to have used their own wife to entice a rival into a trap. Their cunning and ambition allowed them to thrive in the constantly warring gangs and pirate chieftains in the South China Sea.
At the height of their power, they and Cheung Po Tsai commanded hundreds of ships and thousands of pirates; they were Cheung's mate. They predated others on the seas of Fujian, Guangdong and Taiwan Strait and came to be considered a major threat to Chinese political stability. Because the British business people sold English guns to Cheung, the Qianlong Emperor became angry with the British. The Qianlong Emperor blamed George Macartney over this issue, leading to Chinese hostility towards the United Kingdom during the Chinese Rites controversy. In 1799, Cai married a weapons expert who spoke English. Them expertise may have been beneficial to their accumulation of wealth. Some diaries say their name was Lin Yuyau () and that they had lived in Fangyuan, Changhua, Taiwan.
In 1802, Cai occupied Xiamen's guns bases.
In 1804 and 1805 Cai and Cheung twice attacked Taiwan's provincial capital of Tainan but were defeated. In the battle of 1804, Cheung defeated the Qing fleet from Wenzhou. Within the next four years they fought many battles against Tsai and Cai, vowing to destroy their fleets.
In January 1808, Fujian and Zhejiang admirals nearly destroyed their fleet near Hong Kong through a battle which lasted one day and night. They succeeded in defeating their enemies, causing Qing's navy to begin fearing Cheung and Cai.
In 1809, Wang Delu, now the Captain General of Fujian Navy, surrounded Cai Qian off the coast of Wenzhou () in Zhejiang. Lacking the strength to escape the encirclement, Cai committed suicide by shooting themselves with a golden bullet. Rumours claim that Cai had a great treasure which was hidden on Matsu Islands: it had never been found to this day.
References
1761 births
1809 deaths
Hokkien people
Qing dynasty people
Chinese pirates
People from Xiamen
Suicides in Taiwan
19th-century pirates
18th-century Chinese businesspeople
19th-century Chinese businesspeople
In enzymology, a nocardicin-A epimerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
isonocardicin A nocardicin A
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, isonocardicin A, and one product, nocardicin A.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is nocardicin-A epimerase. This enzyme is also called isonocardicin A epimerase.
References
EC 5.1.1
Enzymes of unknown structure
Kevin Mitchell (born 24 October 1961) is a former British Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. They competed in the Grand Prix world championships from 1987 to 1994. They achieved their highest ranking in 1992, riding for Harris Performance Products on a Yamaha 500cc bike, when they had 12 starts and finished 27th; their highest point total was 4, in 1988, on a 250cc Yamaha. Two Time North West 200 winner in 1984 & 1989.
References
External links
Kevin Mitchell on MotoGP.com
Living people
1961 births
British motorcycle racers
English motorcycle racers
500cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
Divine Right is a fantasy board wargame designed by Glenn A. Rahman and Kenneth Rahman. The game was first published in 1979 by TSR, Inc. and a 25th Anniversary Edition was published in 2002 by The Right Stuf International.
Overview
Divine Right is played on a full-color map of the fantasy world of Minaria, using counters to designate armies, fleets, barbarians, mercenaries, and other fighting forces. It is a turn-based war game that uses dice for all rolls. Magical creatures and items are also employed in an attempt to win the game through amassing more victory points than your opponents. Victory points are awarded for plundering castles and killing or capturing opposing monarchs.
This two- to six-player game incorporates combat, castle sieges, and diplomacy in a fantasy setting. Players use everything from fleets to mercenaries to magical creatures to special military leaders. Players are affected by usual events in war: weather, mutinies, plagues, etc. Victory is obtained by one of two methods: score the most points by the end of the 20th turn, or eliminate all opponents.
To make all this happens, the game includes kingdom cards, personality cards, diplomacy cards, dice, unit counters, a full color game map and complete instructions.
The diplomacy system is perhaps the most novel element in Divine Right. Each turn a player draws a diplomacy card. The card either allows the player to bring a special mercenary unit into play or provides a modifier towards an attempt to bring a country into play on your side or leave an alliance with an opposing player. While each player controls their home country, most countries begin the game neutral and only fight for a player if brought into an alliance via a diplomacy die roll influenced by diplomacy cards. Another diplomatic action allows players to attempt to raise barbarian hordes at the board's edge, although a bad roll will cause the barbarians to burn the player's ambassador at the stake, thus preventing any diplomacy on the player's next turn.
History
Divine Right was developed by brothers Glenn and Kenneth Rahman based on their earlier, unpublished game Your Excellency. Glenn Rahman credits their background writing stories for semi-pro magazines with inspiring the effort to add characterization to the story through the use of "personality cards" and elaborate background stories. The use of a fantasy setting was inspired by Chaosium's White Bear and Red Moon, while the implementation of magic and the mythology of Minaria, the game world, was inspired by the works of J. R. R. Tolkien, Robert E. Howard, H. P. Lovecraft, and Clark Ashton Smith. This background was detailed in an appendix to the original game manual and in a series of 20 articles titled Minarian Legends appearing in Dragon magazine. Glenn also credits the artwork by their brother Kenneth with helping ensure its continued popularity, calling it "a quantum leap over the drab art that had illustrated most games until then."
Divine Right was originally released in 1979 by Tactical Studies Rules, Inc. (TSR). The second edition was released in 1980 and included several original additions as well as elements from the articles appearing in Dragon magazine at the time. The game was sold for several years and set many precedents in turn-based wargaming.
The game was updated by the original authors and was released in 2002 as a 25th Anniversary Edition by The Right Stuf International, which in addition to the original game included a bonus CD and an autographed certificate of authenticity. The entire 2000 copy limited run of this version was sold.
Legacy
Since 1997, J. McCrackan edited the game for Glenn Rahman, developing a deluxe edition of Divine Right. On 5 May 2020, McCrackan announced on BoardGameGeek.com that they had resigned from the development team in response to Rahman's decision to allow alleged white supremacist Vox Day to publish the new edition.
Art
The mapboard for the original 1979 edition was by David A. Trampier.< The cover art is by "Elrohir," a nom de plume of Kenneth Rahman, brother of Glenn Rahman.
Reception
Steve List reviewed Divine Right in Ares Magazine #1, rating it a 7 out of 9. List commented that "This description tells nothing of the artistry and humor that went into its making, or the many ramifications and possible strategies available to a player."
Doug Traversa reviewed Divine Right in The Space Gamer No. 29. Traversa commented that "Overall, this is an excellent game; no two play sessions are alike. The challenge of playing a different kingdom keeps players thinking, and the variety of special units can alter events quickly. It will be a long time before players grow bored with Divine Right; I give it my highest recommendation."
Reviews
Dragon #28
References
External links
MADHAT Divine Right Pages - fan website containing links to PBEM versions and new rules
Yahoo!'s DivineRightGame group - a discussion site for Divine Right's fans and where the rules are posted
Divine Right 25th Anniversary Edition Design Notes
Board games introduced in 1979
Fantasy board wargames
TSR, Inc. games
Anatolie S. Sidorenko (born September 15, 1953 in Bălți, Moldova) is a doctor of physical and mathematical sciences and professor at the Technical University of Moldova. They specialize in condensed matter physics with the focus on electronic transport and magnetic properties of low dimensional systems – thin films and layered superconductors, design of superconducting devices and sensors. They made key contributions to investigation of novel superconducting materials and hybrid structures superconductor-ferromagnet, multiband and triplet superconductivity.
Biography
Anatolie Sidorenko was born in 1953 in the city of Bălți, Moldova (then part of the Moldavian SSR of the Soviet Union). In 1970 they graduated with gold medal from School 37 with physical-mathematical profile in Chișinău, Moldova.
In 1975 they graduated from Technical University of Moldova, the Electro-Physical Faculty at the Chair of Semiconducting Devices, and became PhD student of the B. Verkin Institute for Low Temperature Physics and Engineering of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine in Kharkov, working under supervision of professor Igor Dmitrenko (who was the first detected in 1965 high-frequency radiation of Josephson junctions).
In 1979 they defended PhD thesis "Superconductivity of thin films of vanadium and tantalum" at the Institute for Low Temperature Physics and Engineering in Kharkov, then worked as a researcher at the Institute of Applied Physics of Moldova, Chișinău from 1980 till 1992. In 1981 they worked as postdoc in International Laboratory for Strong Magnetic Fields and Low Temperatures, Wroclaw, Poland; in 1983 – postdoc in the Lounasmaa Laboratory of Low Temperatures, Helsinki University, Finland; in 1987 – postdoc in Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, India. In 1991he got their doctoral degree (Habilitation degree), defended habilitation's work "Superconductivity of structures, based on transition metals and multicomponent systems". In 1992 they won the fellowship of the Alexander von Humboldt Foundation for 2 years scientific work at the University of Karlsruhe, Germany; in 1995 – 1999 worked as a guest scientist at the Institute of Physics at University of Karlsruhe, Germany. In 2000-2003 – as a guest scientist at the Institute of Physics of University of Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany.
In 2004 Anatolie Sidorenko won the State Prize of the Republic of Moldova for the cycle of works "Kinetic processes and cooperative phenomena in electronic materials and nanostructures", returned in Moldova and organized the Laboratory of Superconductivity at the Institute of Applied Physics of Moldavian Academy of Sciences. In 2008 they became director of a new organized Institute of Electronic Engineering and Nanotechnologies of Moldavian Academy of Sciences, developing new strategic direction of investigation – functional nanostructures for superconducting electronics and spintronics.
From 2020 till present Anatolie Sidorenko is a principal investigator of the Institute of Electronic Engineering and Nanotechnologies, and professor at the Faculty of Computers, Informatics and Microelectronics of the Technical University of Moldova.
They were coordinator of several international projects (INTAS, Volkswagen Foundation, A.v.Humboldt Foundation, BMBF, DFG, NATO SfP, FP-7, HORIZON-2020).
Since 2018 A. Sidorenko is coordinator of the collaborative project "SPINTECH" of the HORIZON-2020 program, which is supported by the European Union and coordinates research in superconducting spintronics of three teams – of Stockholm University (Sweden), University of Twente (The Netherlands) and the Institute of Electronic Engineering and Nanotechnologies (Moldova). The aim of the SPINTECH project is to boost the scientific excellence and innovation capacity in the field of spintronics – especially in the development of advanced technologies for design and fabrication of superconducting spin-valves.
In 2001 Anatolie Sidorenko was elected a member of the Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft (DPG), and in 2012 – member of the Moldavian Academy of Sciences.
Memberships
Member of the Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft (2001)
Winner of State Prize of the Republic of Moldova (2004)
Member of the Moldavian Academy of Sciences (2012)
Member of the Mediterranean Institute of Fundamental Physics (MIFP), Rom, Italy (2011)
President of Association of Physicists of Moldova (since 2019).
President of Humboldt Association of Moldova ("Humboldt-Club Moldova", since 1997)
Coordinator of the project "SPINTECH" which received funding from the European Union's Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 810144 (2018 – 2022)
Outstanding referee of MDPI journals
Editorial Board member of the journal "Beilstein Journal of Nanotechnology"
Editorial Board member of the journal "Electronica"
Awards
Award of the orden „GLORIA MUNCII" of Moldova Republic (2019)
"Honored Person of Moldova Republic" (2014)
Prize of the Academy of Sciences of Moldova for the best scientific results in spintronics (2013)
Member of the Academy of Sciences of Moldova (2012)
Special Prize of the Academy of Sciences of Moldova (2011)
Laureate of the State Prize of the Republic of Moldova (2004)
"Honored Inventor of the USSR" (1988)
Laureate of the State Prize "Boris Glavan" for young scientists (1982)
Selected publications
SIDORENKO A. (ed.) Funcional Nanostructures for Electronics, Spintronics and Sensors. Beilstein J. Nanotechnol. 2020, 11, https://doi.org/10.3762/bjnano.11.152. Beilstein, 2020
SIDORENKO A. (ed.) Funcional Nanostructures and Metamaterials for Superconducting Spintronics. Springer, 2018, 279 p.
SIDORENKO, A. (ed.) Physics, chemistry and biology of functional nanostructures II. Beilstein Journal of Nanotechnolog. 2014, 230p.
SIDORENKO A. (ed.) Fundamentals of Superconducting Nanoelectronics. Springer, 2011,326 p.
NIKOLAY KLENOV, YURY KHAYDUKOV, SERGEY BAKURSKIY, ROMAN MORARI, IGOR SOLOVIEV, VLADIMIR BOIAN, THOMAS KELLER, MIKHAIL KUPRIYANOV, ANATOLI SIDORENKO AND BERNHARD KEIMER. Periodic Co/Nb pseudo spin valve for cryogenic memory. Beilstein J. Nanotechnol. 2019, 10, 833–839.
SIDORENKO A. S. Reentrance phenomenon in superconductor/ferromagnet nanostructures and their application in superconducting spin valves for superconducting electronics, LOW Temp. Phys. 43 (2017) 766–771. https://doi.org/10.1063/1.4995623.
LENK D., MORARI R., ZDRAVKOV V. I., ULLRICH A., KHAYDUKOV YU., OBERMEIER G., MÜLLER C., SIDORENKO A. S., KRUG VON NIDDA H.-A., HORN S., TAGIROV L. R., AND TIDECKS R. Full-switching FSF-type superconducting spin-triplet magnetic random access memory element Phys. Rev. B. 2017, 96, 184521. ISSN: 2469-9950.
ANTROPOV, E.; KALENKOV, M S.; KEHRLE, J.; ZDRAVKOV, V I.; MORARI, R.; SOCROVISCIUC, A.; LENK, D.; HORN, S.; TAGIROV, L. R.; ZAIKIN A D.; S.; HAHN H., TIDECKS R., SIDORENKO A. Experimental and theoretical analysis of the upper critical field in ferromagnet–superconductor– ferromagnet trilayers. Supercond. Sci. Technol. 2013, 26(8), 085003.
MORARI, R.; ZDRAVKOV, V.; ANTROPOV, E.; SIDORENKO, A. Nanolayers with advanced properties for superconducting spintronics. J. Nanoelectron. Optoelectron. 2012, 7(7), 678-680.
E.T. Koparan, A. Surdu, A. Awawdeh, E. Yanmaz, A. Sidorenko. Artificial Pinning Centers on MgB2 Superconducting Thin Films Coated by FeO Nanoparticles, J. Supercond. Nov. Magn. 25 (2012) 1761–1767. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10948-012-1533-1
M. Palistrant, A. Surdu, V. Ursu, P. Petrenko, A. Sidorenko, Analytical solutions of the microscopic two-band theory for the temperature dependence of the upper critical fields of pure MgB2 compared with experimental data, LOW Temp. Phys. 37 (2011) 451–458. https://doi.org/10.1063/1.3610174.
A.E. Surdu, H.H. Hamdeh, I.A. Al-Omari, D.J. Sellmyer, A. V Socrovisciuc, A.A. Prepelita, E.T. Koparan, E. Yanmaz, V. V Ryazanov, H. Hahn, A.S. Sidorenko, Enhancement of the critical current density in FeO-coated MgB 2 thin films at high magnetic fields, Beilstein J. Nanotechnol. 2 (2011) 809–813. https://doi.org/10.3762/bjnano.2.89.
KARMINSKAYA, T.Yu.; GOLUBOV, A.A.; KUPRIYANOV, M.Yu.; and SIDORENKO, A.S. Josephson effect in superconductor/ferromagnet structures with a complex weak-link region. Pys. Rev. B. 2010, 81, 214518.
STRAUMAL, B.B.; BARETZKY, B.; KOGTENKOVA, O.A.; STRAUMAL, A.B.; SIDORENKO, A.S. Wetting of grainboundaries in Al by the solid Al3 Mg2 phase. J. Mater. Sci. 2010, 45, 2057–2061.
SIDORENKO, A.S.; ZDRAVKOV, V.I.; KEHRLE, J.; MORARI, R.; OBERMEIER, G.; GSELL, S.; SCHRECK, M.; MÜLLER, C.; KUPRIYANOV, M.Yu.; RYAZANOV, V.V.; HORN, S.; TAGIROV, L.R.; TIDECKS, R. Quasi-One-Dimensional Fulde-Ferrell-Larkin-Ovchinnikov-Like State in Nb/Cu41Ni59 Bilayers. Pis'ma JETF. 2009, 90(2), 149-153.
SIDORENKO, A.; ZDRAVKOV, V.; KEHRLE, J.; MORARI, R.; OBERMEIER, G.; GSELL, S.; SCHRECK, M.; MULLER, C.; RYAZANOV, V.; HORN, S.; TAGIROV, L.R.; TIDECKS, R. Double re-entrance of superconductivity in superconductor/ferromagnet bilayers. Journal of Physics, 2009, 150, 052242.
A. Sidorenko, V. Zdravkov, V. Ryazanov, S. Horn, S. Klimm, R. Tidecks, A. Wixforth, T. Koch, T. Schimmel. Thermally assisted flux flow in MgB2: strong magnetic field dependence of the activation energy, Philos. Mag. 85 (2005) 1783–1790. https://doi.org/10.1080/14786430500036678.
SIDORENKO, A.; ZDRAVKOV, V.; PREPELITSA, A.; HELBIG, C.; LUO, Y.; GSELL, S.; SCHRECK, M.; KLEMM, S.; HORN, S.; TAGIROV, L.; TIDECKS, R. Oscillations of the critical temperature in superconducting Nb/Ni bilayers. Ann. Phys. (Leipzig). 2003, 12, 37-50.
References
Living people
1953 births
Technical University of Moldova faculty
The Weser Uplands (German: Weserbergland, ) is a hill region in Germany, between Hannoversch Münden and Porta Westfalica, along the river Weser. The area reaches into three states, Lower Saxony, Hesse, and North Rhine-Westphalia. Important towns of this region include Bad Karlshafen, Holzminden, Höxter, Bodenwerder, Hameln, Rinteln, and Vlotho.
The tales of the Brothers Grimm are set in the Weser Uplands, and it has many renaissance buildings, exhibiting a peculiar regional style, the Weser Renaissance style. The region roughly coincides with the natural region of the Lower Saxon Hills defined by the Federal Agency for Nature Conservation (BfN).
Geography
In addition to the whole of the Weser Valley between Hann. Münden und Porta Westfalica, several geologically associated, but clearly separate chains of uplands, ridges and individual hills are considered part of the Weser Uplands. In its narrowest sense, the following would be included (running from north to south):
The largest contiguous area of forest in the Weser Uplands lies on the Solling in the Solling-Vogler Nature Park. Its woods stretch southwards as far as the Reinardswald (on left bank of the Weser) and Bramwald (right bank), interrupted only by the island-like Uslar Basin and the narrow Weser valley. Even on the far side of the rivers Fulda and Werra - and thus beyond the Weser Uplands - the dense forest continues further south without significant interruption to the Kaufungen Forest.
Notable ridges
In addition to the asupervisorstioned core ridges, other ranges and ridges are also sometimes considered part of the Weser Uplands. These mainly include the following (with maximum elevations given in metres above sea level (NN):
The last major changes to the landscape were made during the course of the ice ages by the glacial advances of the Scandinavian ice sheet which gave rise to much of Germany's present-day Northern Lowland.
Important towns
Culture
The Weser Uplands once developed its own style of architecture. Between 1520 and 1640 a great number of buildings were built in the so-called Weser Renaissance style.
Characters from the area who have achieved international renown include the legendary Pied Piper of Hamelin, the Lying Baron, Baron Munchausen, whose real-life inspiration came from Bodenwerder, and Doctor Eisenbarth who died in Hann. Münden.
In addition, many fairy tales by the Brothers Grimm were set in the region, for example, Snow White, which is supposed to have taken place in Alfeld, Rapunzel, who let down their long hair for their prince from a tower at Trendelburg Castle, or Sleeping Beauty, whose castle was based on the now ruined Sababurg near Hofgeismar.
Artistic reception
The picturesque landscape of the Weser Uplands has inspired many landscape painters and artists: Jacob Pins (1917–2005), Robert Batty, Christian Andreas Besemann, Carl Ferdinand Fabritius, Robert Geißler, Wolfgang Heinrich, Karl Arthur Held, Alfred Hesse, Rudolf Jahns, Herbert Mager, Anton Wilhelm Strack (1758–1829), Pascha Johann Friedrich Weitsch and August Wenderoth.
Tourism
The more significant tourist destinations in the region, in addition to the historic towns mentioned above are the Weser Uplands Schaumburg-Hamelin Nature Park, the Solling-Vogler Nature Park, the roughly 500 kilometre long distance cycle paths, the Weser Cycleway along the River Weser.
A botanic feature are the rare Dwarf Beech trees (Süntelbuchen).
Of increasing importance is motorcycle tourism. The Weser Uplands, like the Harz, is a popular motorcycle destination in northern Germany. In particular, the Köterberg, as the highest elevation from that point to the North Sea, is a popular motorcycle meeting point with a magnificent panoramic view up to 80 kilometres.
Other notable attractions are the Schillat Cave, the Tonenburg in Höxter-Albaxen, the Neuhaus Wildlife Park, the Weserstein in Hann. Münden and several museums such as the Agricultural Technology Museum in Börry, the hammer mill in Dassel, The German Huguenot Museum in Bad Karlshafen and the Motorcycle Museum in Wickensen.
Economy
The region is heavily influenced by tourism. Large areas are also utilized by agriculture and forestry and firms involved in processing the products of these industries, such as sawmills. A porcelain factory in Fürstenberg has been working since 1747.
References
Hill ranges of Germany
Hill ranges of Lower Saxony
Landforms of North Rhine-Westphalia
Landforms of Hesse
Regions of North Rhine-Westphalia
Regions of Hesse
Regions of Lower Saxony
Porcelain stone might refer to:
Petuntse, a material for Chinese porcelain
China stone, a material for English porcelain
Elections were held in Illinois on Tuesday, November 8, 1994. Primaries were held on March 15, 1994.
These elections saw the Republican Party make significant gains, and conversely saw the Democratic Party see significant losses. The Republican Party captured the State House and retained control of the State Senate and, winning them a trifecta of state government control. The Republican Party additionally won all statewide executive offices, retaining the governorship and office of Lieutenant Governor in their combined election, retaining the office of Secretary of State, while also flipping the offices of Attorney General, Comptroller, and Treasurer. The Republican Party also gained two more of Illinois' U.S. congressional seats.
The result of the election marked the first time since the 1950s that all executive offices and control of the Illinois General Assembly were held by a single party (the previous time had also seen the Republican Party reach this feat).
Election information
1994 was a midterm election year in the United States.
The 1994 midterm elections saw a strong national showing by the Republican Party, which was dubbed the Republican Revolution.
Turnout
For the primaries, turnout was 31.91%, with 1,963,606 ballots cast (with 1,186,888 Democratic ballots, 729,372 Republican ballots, 674 Harold Washington, and 46,619 nonpartisan ballots cast).
For the general election, turnout was 52.61%, with 3,219,122 ballots cast.
Straight-ticket voting
Illinois had a straight-ticket voting option in 1994.
Federal elections
United States House
All Illinois seats in the United States House of Representatives were up for election in 1994.
The Republican Party flipped two seats from the Democratic Party. Among the two Democrats unseated by Republicans was Ways and Means Chairman Dan Rostenkowski, who had been in congress since 1959. This left the party composition of Illinois' House delegation 10 Democrats and 10 Republicans.
State elections
Governor and Lieutenant Governor
Incumbent Governor Jim Edgar, a Republican, won reelection in the greatest landslide in Illinois history, excepting the election of 1818. Edgar carried 101 of the state's 102 counties over the Democratic nominee, State Comptroller Dawn Clark Netsch, with Netsch only winning Gallatin County. To date, this is the most recent statewide election in which Cook County voted for the Republican candidate.
Attorney General
Incumbent Attorney General Roland Burris, a Democrat, did not run for a second term, instead opting (ultimately unsuccessfully) to seek the Democratic nomination for governor. Republican Jim Ryan was elected to succeed them in office.
Democratic primary
Attorney and 1992 U.S. Senate candidate Al Hofeld won the Democratic primary, defeating former Chicago alderman Martin J. Oberman.
Republican primary
Former Secretary of State Jim Ryan won the Republican primary, defeating Metra Chairman Jeffrey Ladd and attorney Themis Anagost. Ryan had been the unsuccessful Republican nominee for Attorney General in 1990.
General election
Secretary of State
Incumbent Secretary of State George Ryan was reelected to a second term. , this was the last time a Republican was elected Illinois Secretary of State.
Democratic primary
Treasurer of Illinois Pat Quinn won the Democratic primary, defeating Illinois State Senator Denny Jacobs and Larouche movement member Rose-Marie Love.
Originally, Kane County Coroner Mary Lou Kearns had also declared themselves a candidate for the Democratic nomination for Secretary of State, but they subsequently decided to instead run for Comptroller.
Republican primary
Incumbent George Ryan ran unopposed in the Republican primary.
General election
Comptroller
Incumbent Comptroller Dawn Clark Netsch, a Democrat, did not seek reelection to a second term, instead opting to run for governor. Republican Loleta Didrickson was elected to succeed them in office.
Democratic primary
Illinois State Senator Earlean Collins defeated Kane County Coroner/Kane County Democratic Party Chairwoman Mary Lou Kearns, Lyons Township Assessor Edward J. Schumann, and Larouche movement member Mark Bender.
Republican primary
General election
Treasurer
Incumbent Treasurer Pat Quinn, a Democrat, did not run for a second term, instead opting to run for Secretary of State. Republican Judy Baar Topinka was elected to succeed them in office.
Democratic primary
Metropolitan Water Reclamation District board member defeated Thomas J. Beaudette in the Democratic primary.
Republican primary
Illinois State Senator Judy Baar Topinka won the Republican primary, running unopposed.
General election
State Senate
Some of the seats of the Illinois Senate were up for election in 1994. Republicans retained control of the Illinois Senate, which they had captured a majority in during the preceding 1992 elections.
State House of Representatives
All of the seats in the Illinois House of Representatives were up for election in 1994. Republicans flipped control of the Illinois House of Representatives.
Trustees of the University of Illinois
An election was held for three of nine seats for Trustees of the University of Illinois system for six-year terms.
This was the last election for Trustees of University of Illinois, as this would subsequently become an appointed office.
The election saw the reelection of incumbent Republican Judith Reese to a second term, as well as the election of new trustees Republican Bill Engelbrecht and Democrat Martha R. O'Malley.
First-term incumbent Democrat Ken Boyle lost reelection. First-term incumbent Republican Donald W. Grabowski was not nominated for reelection.
Judicial elections
Multiple judicial positions were up for election in 1994.
Ballot measures
Illinois voters voted on a two ballot measures in 1994, both of them legislatively referred constitutional amendment In order to be approved, the measures required either 60% support among those specifically voting on the amendment or 50% support among all ballots cast in the elections.
Illinois Criminal Defendants' Right to Meet Witnesses Amendment
Voters approved the Illinois Criminal Defendants' Right to Meet Witnesses Amendment (also known as "Amendment 1"), a legislatively referred constitutional amendment which amended Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of Illinois, which allowed criminal defendants be given the right to be confronted by witnesses.
Illinois Legislative Session Length Amendment
Voters approved Illinois Legislative Session Length (also known as "Amendment 2"), a legislatively referred constitutional amendment which amended Article IV, Section 10 of the Constitution of Illinois to change the legislative adjournment date from June 20 to May 3.
Local elections
Local elections were held. These included county elections, such as the Cook County elections.
References
Illinois
Action Sport Networks is a network of three specialty sports video-on-demand channels.
Background
About 1997, Steve Bellamy had the idea of cable channel for skiing and started work on the concept. They switch to working on a tennis channel concept given the broader audience for tennis. In 2005, Bellamy and the rest of the Tennis Channel's management was swept out by the owners.
History
In 2006, Bellamy became Chief Executive Officer of Action Sport Networks. In April 2007, Bellamy announced the formation of The Ski Channel television Video on demand channel that would focus on mountain oriented sports, activity and lifestyle initial under the banner of their Atonal Sports and Entertainment company. In August 2012, Bellamy announced that he's launching a second Action Sports Networks outlet, the Surf Channel in mid-September. By 2015, Bellamy was made chairperson of Action Sport Networks.
The Surf Channel
The Surf Channel is a sports, travel and lifestyle video on demand channel. Programs are also available on YouTube. The channel is expected to be available in 20 million homes via the video on demand services of cable and satellite companies like DirecTV, Dish Network, Comcast, Cox Communications, Filmon.com and YouTube. The channel is expected to generate its revenue primarily from advertising instead of user fees.
In February 2011, the channel began filming its original programs. During the August 2012 US Open of Surfing in Huntington Beach, Steve Bellamy announced that he's launching a third outlet, the Surf Channel, that will devote itself to beach, water and board sports, lifestyle and travel, in mid-September. At the open, the channel made the Association of Surfing Professionals board aware that it was interested in re-airing contest and highlights. From the open, the channel had already posted in August some content on YouTube on which the channel had a preferred partnership agreement for surf content. The initial program was The Endless Summer.
Most of the programs consist of movies and originals. On YouTube, the channel has as separate programming slate. Manulele Incorporated is a producer of programming for the channel under its executive producer Mike Latronic. Original films included “Winter”, "The Story” and a Shane McConkey documentary.
References
External links
Cable network groups in the United States
Sports television networks in the United States
Birzhan sal District (, Bırjan sal audany) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Stepnyak. In 2017, Enbekshilder District was renamed Birjan sal District. Population:
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
Mu-chou Poo (; born 1952) is a Taiwanese Egyptologist and scholar in Comparative Antiquity. Poo was born in Taiwan and obtained their undergraduate degree from National Taiwan University (1975). After receiving their PhD from The Johns Hopkins University (1984), they became a research fellow at the Institute of History and Philology at Academia Sinica (1983–2009). Currently, Poo teaches at the Chinese University of Hong Kong as a professor of history.
Bibliography
Poo has published works in Chinese and English. Major works include:
Books in English:
Wine and Wine Offering in the Religion of Ancient Egypt (London: Kegan Paul International, Egyptological Series, 1995).
In Search of Personal Welfare: A View of Ancient Chinese Religion (Albany: State University of New York Press, 1998).
Enemies of Civilization: Attitudes toward Foreigners in Ancient Mesopotamia, Egypt and China (Albany: State University of New York Press, 2005).
(Ed.) Rethinking Ghosts in World Religions (Leiden: Brill, 2009).
Books in Chinese:
世界文化史 A History of World Civilizations, 2 vols., (A textbook for the Senior High School in the Republic of China) (Taipei: National Bureau of Publication, 1986).
西洋文明發展史 A History of Western Civilization, Chapters 1–18, co-authored with Tuan Ch'ang-kuo, Wu Chun-i & Chuang Shang-wu, (Taipei: National Open University, 1990).
墓葬與生死 — 中國古代宗教之省思 Burial Styles and Ideas of Life and Death—Reflections on the Religion of Ancient China, (Taipei: Lianjing, 1993; 2nd ed., Beijing: Zhonghua shuju, 2008).
尼羅河畔的文采 — 古埃及文選 Literature by the Nile: An Anthology of Ancient Egyptian Literature (Taipei: Yuanliu, 1993).
追尋一己之福 — 中國古代的信仰世界 In Search of Personal Welfare: The World of Beliefs in Ancient China (Taipei: Yunchen, 1995; 2nd edition, Taipei: Maitian Chubanshe, 2004; Shanghai: Guji Chubanshe, 2007).
中國文化史 A History of Chinese Culture (co-authored with Ping-chen. Hsiung) (Taipei: Donghua, 1997).
法老的國度 — 古埃及文化史 The Land of the Pharaohs: A Cultural History of Ancient Egypt (Taipei: Maitian, 2001; Guilin: Guanxi Normal University Press: 2003).
古代宗教與信仰 Ancient Religion and Society (Taipei: National Taiwan University, 2003).
鬼魅神魔 — 中國通俗文化側寫 （編） (Ed.) Ghosts, Demons, Deities and Mara: A View of Chinese Common Culture (Taipei: Maitian, 2005)
生活與文化（編） (Ed.) Life and Culture (Beijing: Zhongguo dabaike quanshu chubanshe, 2005).
西洋上古史 A History of the Ancient West (Taipei: Sanmin Publishing, 2009).
References
http://www.thotweb.com/pro/poo.htm
http://www.history.cuhk.edu.hk/mcpoo.html
http://www.h-net.org/reviews/showrev.php?id=31115
1952 births
Living people
Taiwanese Egyptologists
National Taiwan University alumni
Johns Hopkins University alumni
Chinese University of Hong Kong faculty
Taiwanese expatriates in Hong Kong
Towns County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 10,471. Its county seat is Hiawassee. The county was created on March 6, 1856, and named for the United States lawyer, legislator, and politician George W. Towns.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.2%) is water. Towns are mostly in the Hiwassee River sub-basin of the Middle Tennessee-Hiwassee basin, with a part of the county in the Tugaloo River sub-basin in the larger Savannah River basin, as well as a small portion of the county's southwestern corner in the Chattahoochee River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin), near the source of the Chattahoochee in neighboring Union County. Towns County is inside the Bible Belt.
Towns County is located amidst the Blue Ridge Mountains, (part of the Appalachian Mountains), some of which are protected by the Chattahoochee National Forest. Brasstown Bald, the highest mountain in Georgia, rises in southwest Towns County, straddling the Union County line. The source of the Hiwassee River is located in eastern Towns County, from which it flows northward into North Carolina. Chatuge Lake, an artificial reservoir created by the completion of Chatuge Dam by the Tennessee Valley Authority in the 1940s, dominates the northeastern section of Towns County and extends into North Carolina. State Route 515 from north of Atlanta ends here at the North Carolina state line near Young Harris.
The county was traversed by a road built upon a traditional Cherokee trading path, which ran north to south through the county, passing through Unicoi Gap. It served as a line between European-American settlers and the Cherokee until after the Indian cessions and Indian Removal in the 1830s, when it fell solely into the hands of the whites. When the Cherokee were expelled by US forces from their villages, they were forced temporarily into "removal forts." One had been constructed in what is now Hiawassee, the county seat. They were forced to travel what is known as the Trail of Tears to Indian Territory west of the Mississippi River, a journey during which many Cherokee died.
Major highways
U.S. Route 76
State Route 2
State Route 17
State Route 66
State Route 75
State Route 180
State Route 288
State Route 339
State Route 515
Adjacent counties
Clay County, North Carolina (north)
Rabun County (east)
Habersham County (southeast)
White County (south)
Union County (west)
National protected area
Appalachian Trail (part)
Chattahoochee National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 9,319 people, 3,998 households, and 2,826 families living in the county. The population density was 56 people per square mile (22/km2). There were 6,282 housing units at an average density of 38 per square mile (15/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.80% White, 0.13% Black or African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.31% Asian, 0.18% from other races, and 0.41% from two or more races. 0.72% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 3,998 households, out of which 20.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.90% were married couples living together, 6.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.30% were non-families. 26.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.10% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.20 and the average family size was 2.61.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 16.30% under the age of 18, 9.10% from 18 to 24, 20.50% from 25 to 44, 28.30% from 45 to 64, and 25.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 49 years. For every 100 females there were 89.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,950, and the median income for a family was $37,295. Males had a median income of $28,657 versus $21,813 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,221. About 8.80% of families and 11.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.60% of those under age 18 and 10.40% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 10,471 people, 4,510 households, and 2,981 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 7,731 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.7% white, 0.4% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.6% from other races, and 0.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.3% were Irish, 15.4% were German, 13.8% were English, 11.7% were American, and 8.3% were Scotch-Irish.
Of the 4,510 households, 20.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.0% were married couples living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.9% were non-families, and 30.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.17 and the average family size was 2.65. The median age was 51.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $39,540 and the median income for a family was $48,020. Males had a median income of $31,668 versus $27,127 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,527. About 5.6% of families and 9.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.2% of those under age 18 and 7.7% of those age 65 or over.
2016
As of 2016 the largest self-reported ancestry groups in Towns County were:
English - 15.2%
German - 15.1%
American - 14.7%
Irish - 13.3%
Scottish - 5.2%
Scots-Irish - 3.6%
Italian - 3.4%
French - 3.4%
Swedish - 1.8%
Polish - 1.7%
Welsh - 1.6%
Dutch - 1.6%
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 12,493 people, 4,898 households, and 3,240 families residing in the county.
Government
Towns County's Sole Commissioner is Cliff Bradshaw, who has served since 2017.
Towns County's Sheriff, Chris Clinton, was elected in a special election in 2007. Clinton was re-elected in the general election in 2008, where they ran unopposed after serving only four months in office.
Towns County's Judge of Magistrate and Probate Court is D. David Rogers, who was elected in 2008, beating 30-year Democratic incumbent Wayne Garrett. Rogers and their wife, Alicia, live in Young Harris, GA.  They are the son of well-known minister, Rev. James "Jimmy" Rogers of Hayesville, NC and Helen Adams Rogers of Andrews, NC. The Towns County Probate and Magistrate Courts are combined with a single judge presiding over both Courts. This combination court is one of very few in the State of Georgia (Long County is another example).
Politics
Communities
Cities
Hiawassee
Young Harris
Census-designated place
Tate City
Notable natives
Zell Miller – former Georgia governor and U.S. senator.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Towns County, Georgia
References
External links
Georgia Mountain Beacon (online news) Website
Towns County Herald (local newspaper) Website
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1856 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1856
The 2013–14 season is Raith Rovers' fifth consecutive season in the second tier of Scottish football and the first in the newly established Scottish Championship, having been promoted from the Scottish Second Division at the end of the 2008–09 season. Raith Rovers will also compete in the Challenge Cup, League Cup and the Scottish Cup.
Summary
Management
Raith will be led by player-manager Grant Murray for the 2013–14 season as with the previous season.
Results & fixtures
Pre season
Scottish Championship
Scottish Challenge Cup
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Cup
Player statistics
Captain
Squad
Last updated 3 May 2014
|}
Disciplinary record
Includes all competitive matches.
Last updated May 2014
Team statistics
League table
Division summary
References
Raith Rovers F.C. seasons
Raith Rovers
The Phoenix is the eighth studio album by keyboardist Derek Sherinian, released on 18 September 2020. It is Sherinian's first solo studio album since Oceana, which was released in 2011.
Track listing
"The Phoenix" – 5:24 (Sherinian)
"Empyrean Sky" – 3:56 (Sherinian/Phillips)
"Clouds Of Ganymede" – 6:02 (Sherinian)
"Dragonfly" – 3:46 (Sherinian/Phillips)
"Temple Of Helios" – 6:01 (Sherinian/Phillips)
"Them Changes" – 5:28 (Buddy Miles)
"Octopus Pedigree" – 5:04 (Sherinian/Phillips)
"Pesadelo" – 6:55 (Sherinian/Loureiro)
Personnel
Derek Sherinian – keyboard, production
Simon Phillips - drums, production
Zakk Wylde - guitar (track 1)
Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal - guitar (tracks 2, 5, 7)
Steve Vai - guitar (track 3)
Joe Bonamassa - guitar, vocals (track 6)
Kiko Loureiro - guitar (track 8)
Billy Sheehan - bass guitar (track 1)
Jimmy Johnson - bass guitar (tracks 2, 5, 7)
Tony Franklin - bass guitar (tracks 3 and 8)
Ernest Tibbs- bass guitar (tracks 4 and 6)
Armen Ra- theremin (tracks 1 and 8)
Critical reception
The Phoenix has been critically well received. Bosco Aguilar of Prog Report stated that "when I finished listening to the album for the first time, I found myself excited for everyone to listen to it. Fantastic production, catchy and powerful songs, each guitarist's personality shined across the album, and of course a Derek Sherinian who shows again why they are one of the greatest prog keyboardists". Rodrigo Altaf Sonic Perspectives stated that "true to their vision, Derek and Simon achieved what is seemingly impossible for an album with so many guests: a unified sound and a clear direction. Perhaps inadvertently, they created THE guitar album of 2020, even though keyboards and drums are the main driving force throughout the compositions". Steph Warren stated that "the riffs and melodies on these tracks are very reminiscent of early Led Zeppelin with great rolling waves of guitar and keyboard, the mix of different inputs create a wide space of sound". Laurence Todd stated that the album will "have a definite appeal to prog fans, given when Sherinian made their name, but it should also appeal to anyone with a fondness for exceptional musicianship of a modern fusion persuasion with some crunching guitar included just for good measure". David Pearce of Rock Poser stated that the album "cements the already high reputation of Derek Sherinian and confirms them as one of the foremost keyboardists of this or any other era".
References
Derek Sherinian albums
2020 albums
OPS 5112, also known as Navstar 2, NDS-2, GPS I-2 and GPS SVN-2, was an American navigation satellite launched in 1978 as part of the Global Positioning System development programme. It was the second of eleven Block I GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
Spacecraft
The first eleven spacecraft (GPS Block 1) were used to demonstrate the feasibility of the GPS system. They were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied over 400 W. They had S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and UHF cross-link between spacecraft. They were manufactured by Rockwell Space Systems, were 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed, and had a design life expectancy of 5 years. Unlike the later operational satellites, GPS Block 1 spacecraft were inclined at 63°.
Launch
OPS 5112 was launched at 10:34 UTC on 13 May 1978, atop an Atlas F launch vehicle with an SGS-1 upper stage. The Atlas used had the serial number 49F, and was originally built as an Atlas F. The launch took place from Vandenberg Space Launch Complex 3 (SLC-3E) at Vandenberg Air Force Base, and placed OPS 5112 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-27 apogee motor.
Mission
By 14 July 1978, OPS 5112 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 711.30 minutes, and 63.10° of inclination to the equator. The satellite had a design life of 5 years and a mass of . It broadcast the PRN 07 signal in the GPS demonstration constellation, and was retired from service on 16 July 1981.
References
1978 in spaceflight
GPS satellites
Spacecraft launched in 1978
An on-us check is a negotiable item (check) which is drawn on the same bank that it is presented to for payment.
For example, a check drawn on Bank of America, presented for deposit at another branch of Bank of America, would be considered an on-us check. The same item presented for deposit at Wells Fargo Bank would be considered a transit check. Routing numbers, as well as the bank name printed on the check, help to determine an item's classification.
References
See also
Transit check
Clearing
Clearing house
Routing number
Cheques
GOSR2-related progressive myoclonus ataxia, also known as Progressive myoclonic epilepsy type 6 is a rare genetic type of progressive myoclonus ataxia which is characterized by progressive myoclonic epilepsy with an early onset which is associated with generalized tonic-clonic seizures, petit mal seizures, and drop attacks, variable degrees of scoliosis, areflexia, high levels of creatine kinase serum, and late-onset cognitive decline.
According to OMIM, only 12 cases have been described in medical literature. It is caused by autosomal recessive loss of function mutations in the (as the name implies) GOSR2 gene, in chromosome 17.
References
Genetic diseases and disorders
Murrough na dTuadh Ó Flaithbheartaigh, anglicised Sir Murrough O'Flaherty (died 1593) was Chief of Iar Connacht, .
Ancestry
Great-great-great-grandson of Brian na Noinseach, son of Donall na Comthach Ó Flaithbheartaigh (who was, in turn, a great-great-grandson of Ruaidri of Lough Cime). Appointed Chief of the Name by Elizabeth I. Included in the 1585 Composition of Connacht.
Annalistic references
M1560.7. The Earl of Thomond marched into West Connaught against Murrough-na-dtuath, the son of Teige, son of Murrough, son of Rory O'Flaherty. They passed into the country of the Joyces, by Fuathach, by Bon-an-Bhonnain. The inhabitants of the town of Galway came to defend the ford of Tir-Oilein against him, but they crossed it with the goodwill of some, and in despite of others, and marched through the plain of Clanrickard, both when going and returning.
M1572.9. A proclamation was issued by the President of the province of Connaught, Sir Edward Phiton, about the festival of St. Patrick, respecting a court to be held at Galway of all those who were under the authority of the Queen, from Limerick to Sligo. At this summons came the Earl of Clanrickard and their sons, Ulick and John, with the chiefs of their people; the descendants of Richard Oge Burke; the Lower Mac William, i.e. John Burke, the son of Oliver, son of John, together with the Lower Burkes; and the Dal-Cais, with their adherents. Upon their arrival before the President in Galway, the two sons of the Earl of Clanrickard, Ulick and John, heard some rumour, on account of which they dreaded the President, and privily fled from the town. When the President heard of this fact, they made prisoners of the chieftains of Clanrickard, and left them in durance in the town; and they himself, with the Earl (the father of the two already referred to, whom they had arrested), proceeded to Athlone, and from thence to Dublin, where they left the Earl, and (then) they themselves returned again to Athlone. As soon as the sons of the Earl heard of that affair, they ordered the soldiers and mercenaries of the neighbouring territories to repair to them without delay. That summons was promptly responded to by the Clann-Sweeny of Upper and Lower Connaught, and by the Clann-Donnell Galloglagh (who had many hundreds of Scots along with them). Before however, they had time to assemble together, the President took their forces and soldiers with them to Galway, and carried with them the ordnance and rising out of that town to Achadh-na-n-iubhar, the castle of the sons of Donnell O'Flaherty; and it was Murrough-na-dtuagh, the son of Teige O'Flaherty, that induced them to go on this expedition. Two of the sons of Donnell O'Flaherty were left about i.e. in care of the castle. The President, after having half destroyed the castle, took complete possession of it, and left such part of it as remained undestroyed to Murrough-na-dtuagh O'Flaherty. They then returned to Galway, and passed through Clanrickard and Hy-Many to Athlone, without receiving battle or opposition.
Partners and children
- Donell
- Teige Ó Flaithbheartaigh - Father of Brian na Samthach Ó Flaithbheartaigh
- Edmund
- Rory Sheoghe - eldest surviving son and main heir, alive 1593.
- Hugh Dubh
- Maonach
- Donell Ruadh
- Brian an Chobhlaigh
- Morogh Oge
- Urumhan
- Mortagh
- Donell
- Margaret, who married (the legality of the marriage was disputed) Laurence Esmonde, 1st Baron Esmonde, and was the mother of Sir Thomas Esmonde, first of the Esmonde baronets, (he did not inherit their father's peerage).
References
West or H-Iar Connaught, Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, 1684 (published 1846, ed. James Hardiman).
Origin of the Surname O'Flaherty, Anthony Matthews, Dublin, 1968, p. 40.
Irish Kings and High-Kings, Francis John Byrne (2001), Dublin: Four Courts Press,
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Byrne, Francis John (2001), Irish Kings and High-Kings, Dublin: Four Courts Press,
People from County Galway
1593 deaths
Murrough
Year of birth unknown
Irish lords
Thomas Hannah was an architect in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia in the United States.  They are credited with designing the Saint Nicholas Greek Orthodox Cathedral. They also designed the Western Theological Seminary in Pittsburgh. They also designed Midtown Towers, originally known as the Keenan Building and built in 1907. It was built for Colonel Thomas J. Keenan, owner and founder of the Penny Press, which became Pittsburgh Press. The building may have been modeled after the Spreckel Building/ Call Building (1898) of San Francisco. It is decorated with visages of 10 notables associated with Pittsburgh and Pennsylvania, including then-mayor George Guthrie and then-governor Edwin Stuart, in addition to George Washington and Teddy Roosevelt. The dome was once capped with the figure of an eagle in flight.
Hannah may have begun their career working as part of Struthers & Hannah, a Pittsburgh architectural firm credited with the design of the Andrew Carnegie Free Library (1901), a Carnegie library at 300 Beechwood Avenue in Carnegie, Pennsylvania. Plans for a Presbyterian church at Hamilton and Lang avenues, alterations to the Commercial National Bank Building at 316 Fourth Ave, brick and terracotta People's National Bank building At the firm, Hannad is credited with The First Congregational Church (1904) on Dithridge Street near Forbes, a sandstone-fronted gray brick building that eventually became the St. Nicholas Greek Orthodox Cathedral.
Works
Western Theological Seminary/West Hall of the Community College of Allegheny County (1912) at 809 Ridge Avenue in Pittsburgh's Allegheny West neighborhood.
Gregg House (1909, now part of Chatham University) at 129 Woodland Road in Squirrel Hill. Gregg House, (1907?) was the residence of Chatham University's president for 45 years.
Midtown Towers (Originally the Keenan Building) (1907) at 643 Liberty Avenue in Pittsburgh. It is a steel frame 18-story building with brick and terracotta. Its dome (flanked by four smaller domes) may have been the world's first made using poured concrete.
Saint Nicholas Greek Orthodox Cathedral (1904)
First Presbyterian Church of Edgewood
Other projects
Horne's Department Store alterations and additions at Pennsylvania Avenue and Fifth Street in Pittsburgh (Struthers and Hannah)
Residence at 254 Orchard Drive for A. G. Spurlock in Pittsburgh City, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania (Mount Lebanon Township, Mission Hills neighborhood)
Church for the U.P. Congregation at Baltimore Avenue in Beechview, Pennsylvania.
Ervine House for James S. Ervine at 360 Jefferson Drive in Mount Lebanon Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
Garage for B. Evanier & Co. at Pacific Ave and Penn Ave in Pittsburgh City, Allegheny County, PA
Homewood Presbyterian Church at Bennett St and Zenith Way in Pittsburgh City, Allegheny County, PA (Homewood Neighborhood)
Office Building for Heppenstall Forge & Knife Co. on Butler St in Pittsburgh City, Allegheny County, PA
Residence for J.M. Shields on Howe St in Pittsburgh City, Allegheny County, PA
Residence & Garage for William Dressen on Jackson St in Pittsburgh City, Allegheny County, PA
United Presbyterian Mission Church for Olivet Mission of Shadyside U. P. Church at Ellis St and Liberty Avenue in Pittsburgh City, Allegheny County, PA
Y.M.C.A. recreation center at 127 Whitfield St in Pittsburgh City, Allegheny County, PA
Young House for James H. Young at 370 Jefferson Drive in Mount Lebanon Township, Allegheny County, PA
Store for T. J. Keenan (1907) on Liberty St. in Pittsburgh City, Allegheny County, PA
Hubbard Shovel Works factory (1907) completed plans for building in Pittsburgh City, Allegheny County, PA
Hubbard & Co. factory (1907) awarded contracts for building on Butler St (near Sharpsburg Bridge) in Philadelphia, PA
References
20th-century American architects
Pradeep de Silva may refer to:
Pradeep de Silva (cricketer, born 1989), Sri Lankan cricketer for Singha Sports Club
Pradeep de Silva (Nomads Sports Club cricketer) (fl. 1989), Sri Lankan cricketer for Nomads Sports Club
Municipal elections took place in Israel on 2 November 1993. They were the first in which Meretz and United Torah Judaism, who were founded after the previous round of municipal elections, stood candidates.
Elections by Municipality
In Jerusalem, Incumbent Mayor Teddy Kollek had served as the city's mayor for 28 years. Kollek initially decided not to seek re-election due to their age. following political pressures, Kollek decided to seek re-election, facing Member of the Knesset and former Minister of Health Ehud Olmert. Meir Porush, who initially ran as a Haredi interests candidate, dropped out and endorsed Olmert. on election day, Haredi turnout was high, while Arab and Hiloni turnout was low. as a result, Olmert won the election with around 59% of the vote, against Kollek's 35%. In the City Council, the biggest list was United Torah Judaism with 7 seats, followed by Kollek's 'One Jerusalem' list with 6, Olmert's "United Jerusalem" with 5, Meretz-Greens with 4, Shas and Tzomet with 2, and Yehoram Gaon's list with one. after the election, Olmert established a coalition with United Torah Judaism, Shas, and Tzomet.
In Tel Aviv, canidate of the 'Lev' list Roni Milo defeated Labor candidate Avigdor Kahalani. In the City Council, Labor was the biggest party with 10 seats, Likud the second biggest with 6, 'Lev' with 5, Meretz and the Religious Front with 3 each, the 'I Care' list with 2, and Eliyahu Aminot's list, as well as the 'For Jaffa' list with 1 seat each. after the election Kahalani worked with Milo and served as their deputy.
In Haifa, Labor candidate Amram Mitzna won with about 56% of the vote. In the City Council, Labor won 13 seats, Likud won 5, the Youth List won 4, Meretz won 3, the List for Peace and the Religious List won 2 seats each, and the Torah List and Tzomet with one seat each.
In Beersheba, incumbent Mayor Yitzhak Rager was re-elected. In the City Council, "Capital of the Negev", led by Rager, won 5 Seats, "Our Beersheba" won 4, Labor won 3, Shas and United Torah Judaism won 2 seats each, "Path of the South" and "Eshel" won 2 seats each, while "Rise", Mafdal, and Meretz won 1 seat each. Tzomet did not cross the City Council's electoral threshold.
In Rishon LeZion, incumbent mayor Meir Nitzan was re-elected. they faced several candidates, including David Bitan, who ran as the candidate of the Likud, and won less than 7% of the vote. In the City Council, Labor won 8 seats, Likud won 6, Shas, "Lev" and the Religious Front won 2 seats, and Tzomet, One Rishon and the Waking Up Movement won 1 seat each.
In Ramat Gan, incumbent Mayor Zvi Bar was re-elected. their list, "Ramat Gan in the Lead", won 8 seats in the City Council. Labor won 6, the Likud won 4, Mafdal and Meretz won 2, and the Religious List, the Movement for the City and Tzomet won 1 seat each.
In Holon, incumbent Mayor Moshe Rom, a member of the Likud, was defeated by Labor candidate Moti Sasson, winning by a 4% vote margin. In the City Council, Labor won 11 seats, Likud won 6, Shas and Tzomet won 2 seats each, and Meretz, "Zehavi", the Religious List and "Alomg" won 1 seat each.
In Lod, Maxim Levy was elected mayor. in the City Council, 'One Lod', led by Levy, won 7 seats. "Unity" won 3 seats, Loyalists of Lod, The Arab List and "Together" won 2 seats each, and the Shas-Mafdal list won 1 seat.
In Ramla, Migdal HaEmek and Afula, incumbent Likud Mayors Yoel Lavi, Shaul Amor and Tzadok Nawi were re-elected.
In Kiryat Bialik, Incumbent Mayor Denni Jacque was re-elected with around half of the vote.
In Kiryat Shmona, incumbent Mayor Prosper Azran was re-elected.
In Arad, incumbent Head of the Council Bezalel Tabib was re-elected. Their party won 8 seats in the Local Council, Likud won 4 seats, "Together" won 2 seats and Meretz won one seat.
In Gedera, Likud candidate Eliyahu Radia was elected in the second round. In Shlomi, Likud candidate Israel Okrat was elected.
In Ofakim, Local Candidate Michael Hermann defeated Likud-Mafdal candidate Yair Ashraf.
In Mitzpe Ramon, Labor-Meretz candidate Shmuel Shoshan was elected in the second round. Their party won 4 seats in the Local Council, as did the "Matzpaim" list. The Likud won 3 seats.
Maccabim Re'ut held elections for a Local Council for the first time, which were won by Moshe Spector, who won around 57% of the vote and whose party won 5 out of 11 seats on the Council.
In Kfar Shmaryahu, Shraga Milstein was elected unopposed.
In Azor, incumbent Head of the Council Amnon Zach was elected as a candidate of the Labor-Meretz list.
In Omer, incumbent Head of the Council Pini Badash was re-elected.
In Bu'eine Nujeidat, the candidate of the Labor PAarty was elected.
In Ghajar and Ramot HaShavim, no elections were held, as there was only one candidate for the Leadership of the Council and only one list seeking election to the Local Council. in Isfiya, several lists ran in elections for the Local Council, but Labor's candidate for Head of the Council was elected unopposed.
External Links
Election Results:
A
B (Ramla, Ofakim, Ezor, Jaljulia, Yefie and Kfar Bra)
C (Be'er Ya'akov, Beit Shean, Zikhron Ya'akov, Yesod Hama'ala, Kfar Qassem, Mag'ar, Mazkeret Batya, Neve Efraim, Omer, Arad, Pardesia, Tel Sheva and Tel Mond)
D (Elyakhin, Bat Yam, Binyamina, Givatayim, Givat Ada, Gan Yavne, Dimona, Zemer, Migdal, Savyon, Atlit, Ilvon, Kalansawa, Kiryat Malakhi, Kiryat Ekron and Rosh HaAyin)
E (Or Yehuda, Eilat, Akhsakl, Um Al-Fahm, Ashdod, Ashkelon, Bnei Eish, Givat Shmuel, Hod HaSharon, Harfish, Tamara, Turaen, Tuva-Zangriya, Yavne and Yeoknam Ilit)
F (Kauchab Abu Al-Hija, Kineret, Kfar Tavor, Kochav Yair, Mashad, Netanya, Nahariya, Nes Ziona, Afula, Kiryat Yam, Kiryat Esmona, Rishon LeZion, Rechasim, Ramat HaSharon, Ramat Gan, Shfaram and Tel Aviv - Yafo)
G (Beit Shemesh, Hatzor HaGlilot, Kfar Yona, Ma'alot Tarshiha, Nesher, Sahnin, Pardes Hana, Karkur, Peki'in, Petah Tikva, Kadima, Kiryat Tivon, Katzrin, Rahat, Ra'anana and Sderot)
H (A'avvlin, Beesheba, Buaina-Nujyadat, Jadida-Mecher, Dir Hana, Holon, Haifa, Tira, Yahud, Kfar Kera, Lod, Migdal HaEmek, Maccabim-Reut, Majd al-Carum, Ajar, Asfiya, Araba, Kiryat Ono, Rosh Pina, Ramot HaShavim and Rama)
I (Or Akiva, Get, Julas, Dalyat Al-Carmel, Herzliya, Yarcha, Kfar Manda, Kfar Saba, Ma'aliya, Ein Ma'ahal, Psuta and Peridis)
J (Bir Al-Makhsur, Beit Jen, Ganei Tikva, Dvoriyah, Dir Al-Assad, Hadera, Tiberias, Tirat Karmel, Kfar Yassif, Yavanel, Kfar Kama, Kfar Kana, Karmiel, Lahavim, Meitar, Nazareth, Nazareth Illit, Akko, Arara, Tsfat, Kiryat Motzkin, Kiryat Gat, Kiryat Ata, Ramat Yishai and Shaeb)
K (Ba'ana, Gadera, Mitzpe Ramon, Nahaf, Kiryat Biyalik, Reyna and Shlomi)
M (Even Yehuda, Rehovot and Shvei Zion)
N (Jasser A-Zarka and Jesh (Gush Haleb))
1993 in Israel
Municipal elections in Israel
Gillian Margaret Moore is a retired Australian school principal.
Biography
Moore began their career in Perth, Western Australia. Them first teaching position was at Tuart Hill, where they taught in a high school from 1967 to 1971. They then took up a lecturing position at Mount Lawley College of Advanced Education, from 1972 to 1982, followed by the role of deputy principal of Methodist Ladies' College, Claremont from 1983 to 1988.
From 1989 to 2007, Moore was the principal of Pymble Ladies' College in Sydney, New South Wales. Moore also served the Association of Heads of Independent Girls' Schools at both national and state level in a number of roles during their career.
In 2007 they were appointed an officer of the Order of Australia for service to education and their contribution to the independent schools' sector.
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Officers of the Order of Australia
The mullet is a hairstyle in which the hair is cut shorter at the front and sides, but is longer at the back.
Etymology
According to the Oxford English Dictionary, use of the term mullet to describe this hairstyle was "apparently coined, and certainly popularized, by American hip-hop group the Beastie Boys", who used "mullet" and "mullet head" as epithets in their 1994 song "Mullet Head", combining it with a description of the haircut: "number one on the side and don't touch the back, number six on the top and don't cut it wack, Jack." They expounded on the subject at length in a six-page article entitled "Mulling Over The Mullet" in Issue 2 (1995) of their magazine Grand Royal, offering a selection of alternative names for the cut, including "Hockey Player Haircut" and "Soccer Rocker".
Falsified etymology
On Slate'''s Decoder Ring podcast, Willa Paskin discussed the etymology of the term, noting that Oxford English Dictionary credited the Australian Street Machine automotive magazine with the first published description of the term in 1992, predating Beastie Boys. Decoder Ring discovered that the magazine image had been faked; in a 2018 apology posted to imgur, the creator had admitted to faking the text, adjusting the magazine dates, and shown proof.
In popular culture claims
In 2019, Kiefer Sutherland was widely reported,Kiefer Sutherland very apologetic about The Lost Boys mullet newsgroove, 24 October 2019. Retrieved 22 January 2022 based on an interview with Yahoo!, to be the unwitting instigator of the style due to the director's requirements for their lead role in the 1987 film The Lost Boys. They also confirmed part of the inspiration for their hairstyle came from Billy Idol. In 2022 press interviews marking the 35th anniversary of the film, Sutherland again recounted the story.Kiefer Sutherland Celebrates 35th Anniversary Of ‘The Lost Boys' ET Canada. Retrieved 22 January 2022
Fashion history
Mullets in antiquity
A metal figurine, dated back to the 1st-century AD and found during 2018 preparations for a new car park at the Wimpole Estate, England, was hypothesised by archaeologists to indicate that natives in ancient Britain during the Roman occupation could have worn their hair similarly to mullets.
In the sixth century, Byzantine scholar Procopius wrote that some factions of young males wore their hair long at the back and cut it short over the forehead. This non-Roman style was termed the 'Hunnic' look.
Researcher Alan Henderson describes the ancient hairstyle as useful, as it kept the hair out of the eyes, yet provided warmth and protection for the neck.
Native America
In Mourt's Relation, author Edward Winslow described the Plymouth pilgrims' first encounter with the Native Americans, Samoset of the Abenaki in 1621:
1960s
Tom Jones sported a mullet in two of their three 1965 performances of their hit song "It's Not Unusual" on the Ed Sullivan Show, May 2, 1965 and June 13, 1965.
1970s
Mullets were worn by rock stars David Bowie, Rod Stewart, Keith Richards, and Paul McCartney in the early 1970s. When writing Neil Peart's eulogy in January 2020, Greg Prato asserted Peart had a mullet, based on their observations of a 1974 video, further suggesting "he also may have been one of the first rockers to sport another hairstyle – the rattail", based on a 1985 video, "The Big Money".
1980s
In Australia, the United States and the United Kingdom in the 1980s, mullets were "everywhere", according to Tess Reidy writing at The Guardian in 2019. The 1980s were also the high point of the mullet's popularity in continental Europe.
Also in the 1980s, the mullet became part of lesbian culture, where it came to be used as a way of identifying oneself as a member of that culture in public.
1990s
After the much-publicized 1992 DC Comics storyline in which Superman apparently died, the character returned to the 1993 follow-up storyline "Reign of the Supermen", in which they were depicted with a mullet. The cancelled Superman film project, Superman Lives, would have depicted Superman with a mullet.
Punk rock band the Vandals sang of the mullets worn by country music singers and guests of The Jerry Springer Show and listed regional names for the style in the 1998 song "I've Got an Ape Drape".
Vocalist Wesley Willis wrote and released the track "Cut the Mullet" in 1998 and frequently performed it at live shows.
2000s
The 2001 film American Mullet documents the phenomenon of the mullet hairstyle and the people who wear it.
The same year Universal Records (Canada) released the album Mullet Years: Power Ballads'', a collection of hard rock ballads.
This hairstyle became popular with the bogan subculture in Australia and New Zealand.
2010s
The mullet was banned in Iran as one style on a list of "un-Islamic", "decadent Western cuts".
K-pop artists who have worn mullets include Block B's Zico, Song Min-ho, Nam Joo-hyuk, Byun Baek-hyun, Dean, Stray Kids' Chan and Han, VIXX's N, B.A.P.'s Himchan, Seventeen's Woozi and The8, and BTS's V.
The mullet has also experienced a revival within American sports. After winning back-to-back Stanley Cups, Phil Kessel was spotted in Pittsburgh Penguins training camp in September 2017 bringing the mullet back to its native roots of Pittsburgh Hockey. Similarly, Oklahoma State head football coach Mike Gundy wore a mullet starting in early 2017; the popularity of their mullet supposedly earned Oklahoma State millions of dollars in marketing revenue. In addition, from 2010 to 2015, Patrick Kane of the Chicago Blackhawks popularized the "playoff mullet," an alternative to the traditional NHL playoff beard. Current Pittsburgh Steelers running back James Conner began sporting a mullet in 2018, continuing the Yinzer tradition of the hairstyle in Western Pennsylvania.
2020s
In September 2020, i-D called 2020 "the year of the mullet", attributing its boom in popularity to COVID-19 lockdowns and their closing of hair salons. In an article for Vice Media, the mullet-wearing teenagers interviewed all described getting the haircut as a joke, with one stating "There's an irony to the mullet haircut. It's this disgustingly gross haircut, which means it's definitely worn in an ironic way". Magda Ryczko, founder of the queer-owned barbershop Hairrari in Brooklyn, notes that mullets allow for a professional front facing look for Covid-19 era Zoom meetings, while maintaining a messier, more fun look off camera, when the longer back section of hair may be revealed. An annual national USA Mullet Championship began in 2020.
Like many 90s trends, mullets have made their way back into mainstream hairstyles. The most popular version is called the mullet fade. The versatility of the taper fade has modernized the classic mullet, giving it a cleaner look.
References
Further reading
External links
1980s fashion
1990s fashion
American fashion
Australian fashion
British fashion
Canadian fashion
New Zealand fashion
Hairstyles
