Majdabad-e Kohneh (, also Romanized as Majdābād-e Kohneh; also known as Majd Ābād and Mujdābād Kūhneh) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 538, in 184 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Andrieșeni is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Andrieșeni, Buhăeni, Drăgănești, Fântânele, Glăvănești, Iepureni and Spineni.
Natives
Pavel Coruț
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Melody is a hybrid white wine grape variety produced from a cross of Seyval blanc and a grape called Geneva White 5, which is itself a cross between Pinot blanc and Ontario. Melody produces a light white with notes of peach and honeysuckle, and refreshing acidity, even at low sugar levels (0.7%-0.6% RS).
The grape is noted for its resistance to powdery mildew and Botrytis, although downy mildew has been noted on leaves and clusters. It grows well in both sandy and clay loam
Regions
Melody is grown in the Finger Lakes AVA, with the first commercial plantings in New York being made at Wagner vineyards by Stanley "Bill" Wagner in 1984, with the first vintage released with grapes grown in 1986. The grape was also commercially planted in Maryland.
Currently, the grape produces wine commercially in several states, including Kansas and New York
References
White wine grape varieties
Hybrid grape varieties
Willies Mchunu (born 11 May 1948) was the 7th Premier of KwaZulu-Natal province in South Africa. They were previously a Member of the Executive Council (MEC) for the Department of Transport, Community Safety, and Liaison in the province.  They are a member of the African National Congress and the former chairperson of the South African Communist Party (SACP) in KwaZulu-Natal and is a member of the Central Committee of the SACP.  They are seen as a close ally of former South African President Jacob Zuma.
Controversies
Violence at the Kennedy Road informal settlement in 2009
Willies Mchunu's response to the violent attacks on Abahlali baseMjondolo at the Kennedy Road informal settlement was and remains controversial. At the time of the attack, they claimed that the attacks were by a "criminal forum" associated with Abahlali baseMjondolo president S'bu Zikode. Abahlali baseMjondolo and many civil society organizations have called the attack on Abahlali baseMjondolo and Kennedy Road residents politically motivated and blame Mchunu for condoning the attacks by an armed group affiliated with the ANC . Mchunu's response to the attacks has also been criticized by Bishop Rubin Phillip and Archbishop Thabo Makgoba. Mchunu refused calls for an independent investigation into the attacks. Amnesty International sent a letter of concern to Willies Mchunu, but there was no response from their office.
On 18 July 2011, the case against the twelve members of Abahlali baseMjondolo arrested after the attacks was thrown out of court. The Socio-Economic Rights Institute of South Africa issued a statement saying that the "charges were based on evidence which now appears almost certainly to have been manufactured" and that the Magistrate had described the witnesses as "belligerent", "unreliable", and "dishonest".
According to Paul Trewhela, "The scandal is that this political prosecution was instituted in the first place, and that it was dragged on, month after month, by magistrates, prosecutions and police without a shred of reliable evidence - with plentiful evidence, rather, of manipulation and intimidation of witnesses by the police and local ANC structures."
Deaths During Traffic Department 'Fitness Test' in 2012
In last 2012 six applicants for positions as traffic officers died during a fitness test and another committed suicide following which there were calls for Mchunu's resignation.
Fields Hill 2013 Crash
Since 24 people were killed on 5 September 2013 in one of the most horrific accidents on Fields Hill, the 2013 Pinetown crash, Willies Mchunu has discounted calls from residents for the banning of trucks on the "Hill of Horrors" as it has become known. Local City Councillor Rick Crouch has been vocal about the Provincial Government's failure in stopping the carnage on Fields Hill, going as far as accusing the KwaZulu-Natal MEC for Transport, Community Safety and Liaison, Willies Mchunu, of practicing tombstone legislation. Councillor Crouch has been campaigning for stricter rules for trucks on Fields Hill.
References
Living people
African National Congress politicians
Members of the KwaZulu-Natal Legislature
People from KwaZulu-Natal
1948 births
Pertwood is an ancient settlement and former parish, near Warminster in the county of Wiltshire in the west of England. Its land and houses now lie in the parishes of East Knoyle, Sutton Veny and Chicklade, and have fewer than twenty inhabitants.
The settlements are close together at Upper Pertwood (also called Higher Pertwood) and Lower Pertwood. Higher Pertwood is now Pertwood Manor Farm, while Lower Pertwood is Pertwood Organic Farm.
History
Before the Norman Conquest, the manor of Pertwood was held by a man named Wlward. At the Domesday survey of 1086, it was held by Geoffrey de Mowbray, Bishop of Coutances, and contained two hides, of which one and a half were in demesne and the rest was held of the manor by tenants. Two villeins, three bordars, one plough, twenty acres of pasture and four of woodland were recorded. Pertwood later became a manor of the Earls of Gloucester, which it remained until the early 15th century.
Pertwood Down, on high ground to the west of Pertwood, has several barrows and traces of Celtic field systems, but all such remains lie outside the area of the former parish.
Just to the north of Lower Pertwood Farm, the Romans, in building a straight road, unusually diverted their road around an ancient tumulus instead of going through it. In 1829, the Roman road near Pertwood was described as "still remarkably perfect".
In 1808, a topographer wrote of Pertwood that it was "...a decayed parish in the hundred of Warminster... containing 2 houses and 15 inhabitants".
The Revd John Marius Wilson's Imperial Gazetteer of England and Wales (1870–1872) said of Pertwood:
In 1885 the parish of Pertwood was extinguished, with its southern part being added to East Knoyle, its northern part to Sutton Veny.
A detailed parish history was published in 1965 by the Wiltshire Victoria County History in its volume 8.
In April 1993, the Tribal Gathering music festival took place at Pertwood, and in 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, and 2000 it was the site of the Big Green Gathering.
Church
The former Church of England parish church, which stands at Upper or Higher Pertwood, is called St Peter's. It was originally a small 12th-century stone building entered by a round-headed door on its south side, but in about 1812 it was "restored" by the then lord of the manor, Richard Ricward, so that by 1822 there was nothing ancient to be seen, except one stoop. In the restored church a round-headed arch lay between the chancel and the nave. In 1872 the church was rebuilt in flint, dressed with stone, with a single church bell in a small structure over the roof at the western end. This small building contains a nave, a chancel, and a north aisle. In 1908 the bowl of a 14th-century font was found buried nearby and was returned to the church.
Pertwood was a separate church parish until 1899, when the benefice was held by the rector of Chicklade. In 1921, Chicklade with Pertwood was united with the parish of Hindon.
The Victorian church became derelict and was closed in 1968, then declared redundant in 1972. However, the building was later restored.
Present day
Upper Pertwood, on high downland in the southern half of the former parish, is approached by a drive from the A350 road and consists of the original manor house, known as Manor Farm, five farm cottages, and other buildings, all now in the parish of Chicklade.
About one mile away on the other side of the A350 is Lower Pertwood, now in Brixton Deverill, the heart of a large organic farm of called Lower Pertwood Farm or Pertwood Organic Farm. The organic farming model was introduced by Mark Houghton Brown, largely to conserve the thin soil, and was continued by them until 2005 and thereafter by new owners. The farm is managed under Natural England's Higher Level Stewardship scheme. Apart from the farmhouse and farm buildings, there are six cottages at Lower Pertwood, of which numbers 1, 2, 3, and 4 no longer belong to the farm.
Governance
Almost all local government functions are carried out by the Wiltshire Council unitary authority. Pertwood is represented in parliament by Andrew Murrison.
Notable people
In 1560, Sir John Mervyn of Pertwood was High Sheriff of Wiltshire.
Lancelot Morehouse, a 17th-century Rector of Pertwood, has been described as John Aubrey's "most familiar learned acquaintance".
Percy Scawen Wyndham (1835–1911), a younger son of the first Lord Leconfield, owned Pertwood from 1877 until their death in 1911. They were a soldier, Conservative politician, antiquarian, and intellectual, one of the founding members of the Souls.
Owners
1400–1419: John Britte, of Hindon
1433: William Elys
1450: John Elys
Late 15th & early 16th centuries: William Fletcher
Agnes Maton and Margaret Ingram, daughters of William Fletcher
1539: John Mervyn, son of Margaret Ingram, a moiety
Robert Temmys, probably Agnes Maton's son-in-law, a moiety (which later passed to George Ludlow, who in 1553 sold it to John Mervyn)
1553: John Mervyn
c. 1570–1601: John Mervyn (son of above)
1601: Thomas Mervyn (son of above)
George Mervyn (brother of above)
to 1692: John Mervyn, grandson of George Mervyn
1692–1736: Sir James Howe (purchase)
1736–1804: Henry Lee, commonly called Lee Warner (nephew of above)
1804–1805: James Woodward (nephew of above), who assumed the name of Lee Warner
1805–1810: John Benett of Pythouse (purchase)
1810: Richard Ricward of Longbridge Deverill (purchase)
1838: Henry Seymour
Alfred Seymour (son of above)
1877–1911: Percy Scawen Wyndham (purchase)
1911–1913: George Wyndham, son of Percy Scawen Wyndham
1913–1919: Guy Richard Charles Wyndham, grandson of Percy Scawen Wyndham
1919–1939: Arthur Mitchell (purchase)
1939–1945: Paul Weldon (purchase)
1945: Colonel Scrope Egerton (purchase)
1963: Colonel Jack Houghton Brown
Mark Houghton-Brown
References
External links
North from the A350 near Higher Pertwood – photograph at geograph.org.uk
Villages in Wiltshire
Former civil parishes in Wiltshire
Organic farming in the United Kingdom
Tapani Jarkko Ala-Huikku (born January 31, 1980 in Seinäjoki) is an amateur Finnish Greco-Roman wrestler, who played for the men's lightweight category. They won the bronze medal for their division at the 2007 European Wrestling Championships in Sofia, Bulgaria, and gold at the 2008 European Wrestling Championships in Tampere.  They are also a member of Ilmajoen Kisailijat Wrestling Club in Ilmajoki, and is coached and trained by Seppo Yli-Hannuksela, the father of two-time Olympic medalist Marko Yli-Hannuksela.
At age twenty-eight, Ala-Huikku made their official debut at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where they competed in the men's 60 kg class. They received a bye for the second preliminary match, before losing out to Kyrgyzstan's Ruslan Tumenbaev, who was able to score seven points in two straight periods, leaving Ala-Huikku with a single point.
At the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, Ala-Huikku, however, lost again in the second preliminary match of men's 60 kg class to France's Tarik Belmadani, with a technical score of 0–4.
Nowadays Ala-Huikku is working as sport journalist and commentator in Finnish Broadcasting Company YLE.
References
External links
Profile – International Wrestling Database
Profile – Suomen Olympiakomitea
NBC Olympics Profile
1980 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Finland
Wrestlers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
People from Seinäjoki
Finnish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from South Ostrobothnia
20th-century Finnish people
21st-century Finnish people
CD120 (Cluster of Differentiation 120) can refer to two members of the tumor necrosis factor receptor superfamily: tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 (TNFR1) and tumor necrosis factor receptor 2 (TNFR2).
Receptor subtypes
There are two variants of the receptor, each encoded by a separate gene:
CD120a - TNFR1 - TNFR superfamily member 1A
CD120b - TNFR2 - TNFR superfamily member 1B
TNFR1 is the receptor type responsible for mediation of TNF-alpha induced sickness behavior, and is involved in neurotoxic processes. Elevated levels of TNFR1 has been found in severe mental disorders.
Signaling pathway
See also
Cluster of differentiation
References
External links
Soriano is a biographical documentary by Eduardo Montes-Bradley exploring the life and works of Osvaldo Soriano, author of Funny Dirty Little War through testimonies of friends and family in Argentina, France, Belgium, Germany, and Italy. The documentary includes rare 16mm footage filmed by Soriano and friends in their hometown of Tandil in the early 1960s. Part of this original footage was used by the director to reconstruct a short film as it was scripted by a young Osvaldo Soriano. The show film is now on the permanent collection of several university libraries.
Soriano was filmed in several locations including Milan, Rome, Paris, Linz am Rhein, Brussels, and Buenos Aires, and includes interviews with Osvaldo Bayer, Héctor Olivera, Gianni Minà, Franco Lucentini, Federico Luppi, Eduardo Galeano, Fernando Birri and others.
Soriano theatrical release was followed by the publication of a collection of testimonies in the essay “Soriano: Un Retrato” containing the entire original interviews, including the fragments that did not make it to the final cut. '''Soriano''' was later published on DVD by Noticias.
Awards and honors
Official Selection, XIII Festival del Cinema Latino Americano. Trieste, October 1998
References
External links
1999 films
Argentine independent films
1990s Spanish-language films
Documentary films about writers
Films directed by Eduardo Montes-Bradley
1990s Argentine films
Robert Duncan Wilmot, (16 October 1809 – 13 February 1891) was a Canadian politician and a Father of Confederation.
Early life and family
Wilmot was born in Fredericton, New Brunswick on 16 October 1809. They were the son of John McNeil and Susanna (Susan) Harriet (born Wiggins) Wilmot. They moved to Saint John with their family at around the age of five, and there they were educated. In 1833 they married Susannah (Susan) Elizabeth Mowat of St Andrews. Their father, John McNeil Wilmot, was a big tank and shipowner. Wilmot worked for their father's business and represented the company in Liverpool, England from 1835 to 1840. It is there that their son, Robert Duncan Wilmot, Jr., a future Member of Parliament, was born.
Political career
New Brunswick
Wilmot served as mayor of Saint John from 1849 to 1850. They represented Saint John County in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1847 to 1861, and from 1865 to 1867, and was member of the Executive Council of New Brunswick, serving as the Surveyor-General from 1851 to 1854, and provincial secretary from 1856 to 1857.
They were a New Brunswick delegate to the London Conference of 1866, which settled the final terms for Canadian Confederation.
Federal politics
Following Confederation, they were appointed to the Senate of Canada on 23 October 1867 by royal proclamation, and represented the Senate division of New Brunswick. In 1878, they became Speaker of the Senate, and was also a member of the ministry of John A. Macdonald.
Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick
Wilmot resigned from the Senate on 10 February 1880 and was appointed the sixth Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick. They served in that position until 1885.
Death
Wilmot died at their estate in Sunbury County at the age of 81. Their home was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1975.
 They are buried in Sunbury County Oromocto Anglican Church cemetery on Broad Road.
References
External links
1809 births
1891 deaths
Members of the Executive Council of New Brunswick
Members of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
Lieutenant Governors of New Brunswick
Speakers of the Senate of Canada
Canadian senators from New Brunswick
Fathers of Confederation
Members of the Queen's Privy Council for Canada
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) senators
Mayors of Saint John, New Brunswick
Politicians from Fredericton
Persons of National Historic Significance (Canada)
Provincial Secretaries of New Brunswick
Valery Pavlovich Bulyshev (; 15 June 1939 – 15 August 2013) was a Soviet middle-distance runner who won a silver medal in the 800 m at the 1962 European Championships. They competed in the same event at the 1960 and 1964 Olympics, but failed to reach the finals.
Bulyshev was born in Crimea, but lived most of their life in Saint Petersburg. Between 1959 and 1966 they won 8 Soviet titles and set 12 Soviet records in middle-distance events. In retirement they worked as athletics coach.
References
1939 births
2013 deaths
Russian male middle-distance runners
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
Athletes (track and field) at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1964 Summer Olympics
European Athletics Championships medalists
Soviet male middle-distance runners
Major William M. Jones (August 23, 1895 – 1969) was a Canadian soldier of World War I and World War II who served with distinction with the Yugoslav Partisans.
Jones was born in Bear River, Nova Scotia. Their code name was "Lawrence of Yugoslavia" (a term also used to describe Linn Farrish). In World War I, Jones was wounded three times, losing one eye, for which they were awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal with Bar. During the Second World War, Major William M. Jones spent 12 months with the Yugoslav Partisans. On 19 May 1943, they parachuted into Yugoslavia to become an Allied representative to Marshal Josip Broz Tito. They feature in Eastern Approaches, the first memoirs of Fitzroy Maclean. Jones died in Dunnville, Ontario on September 1, 1969.
See also
Military history of Nova Scotia
References
Endnotes
Texts
Rempel Arthur, Karen, 2012, 'The Tenacious Spy: The Story of William Morris Jones, Amazon, ISBN 978-1469966755
External links
1895 births
1969 deaths
People from Nova Scotia
Canadian military personnel of World War I
Canadian military personnel of World War II
Canadian recipients of the Distinguished Conduct Medal
Military history of Nova Scotia
Canadian military personnel from Nova Scotia
Canadian Army officers
Canadian Expeditionary Force officers
During the Edo period, , "shows" or "exhibitions", were an important part of Japanese urban culture. Many of the shows were put on hurriedly and were characterized by their crudeness. The term misemono dates from the Edo period, although plausible forerunners of the performances appear earlier. Among the likely antecedents of Edo-period shows were benefit performances undertaken to raise funds for shrines or temples. The shows were unhampered by attempts to conform to a particular artistic tradition and thus provide a valuable index to evolving popular taste.
References
Japanese culture
Gert Van den Bergh (16 October 1920 – 16 February 1968) was a South African film actor. They were married to Dulcie (Magdeld Magdalena) van den Bergh (23 August 1928 – 8 November 1997).
(Née Smit)
Career
Selected filmography
Die Lig van 'n Eeu (1942)
Pinkie se Erfenis (1946) - Willem
Simon Beyers (1947) - Nicolaas Beyers
Die Kaskenades van Dokter Kwak (1948) - Poggenpoel
Hans-die-Skipper (1952) - Johan
Inspan (1953) - Dirk de Vos
'n Plan is 'n Boerdery (1954) - Wessel Maritz
Vadertjie Langbeen (1955) - Jacques (voice, uncredited)
Matieland! (1955) - MC at Fruit Festival (voice, uncredited)
Dis Lekker om te Lewe (1957) - Commandant (voice, uncredited)
Diamond Safari (1958) - Compound Manager
Fratse in die Vloot (1958) - Seaman (voice, uncredited)
Nooi van my Hart (1959) - Hans (voice, uncredited)
Rip van Wyk (1960) - 'Oom'
Die Vlugteling (1960) - Detective Sgt. Malan
Basie (1961) - Police sergeant (voice, uncredited)
The Hellions (1961) - Dr. Weiser
Die Tweede Slaapkamer (1962) - van Dyk
Tom Dirk en Herrie (1962) - Grové
Stropers van die Laeveld (1962)
Jy's Lieflik Vanaand (1962) - Anton Fourie
Die Ruiter in die Nag (1963) - Lodewyk van Renen
Mozambique (1964) - The Arab
Zulu (1964) - Lieutenant Josef Adendorff
Piet my Niggie (1964) - Radio announcer (voice, uncredited)
Victim Five (1964) - Vanberger
Seven Against the Sun (1964) - Cpl. Smit
Tokoloshe (1965)
Debbie (1965) - Dr. Chris Hugo
The Naked Prey (1965) - 2nd Man
Diamond Walkers (1965) - Piet Truter
King Hendrik (1965) - Koos de Wet
Die Wonderwêreld van Kammie Kamfer (1965)
Sandy the Seal (1965) - Jacobson
Der Rivonia-Prozess (1966) - Alan Paton
The Second Sin (1966) - Anton Rossouw
Wild Season (1967) - Dirk Maritz
The Professor and the Beauty Queen (1967) - Dr. Koos Hattingh
The Jackals (1967) - Drunk (uncredited)
Die Kandidaat (1968) - Lourens Niemand
Rider in the Night (1968)
References
External links
Gert Van den Bergh at the British Film Institute Film and Television Database
1920 births
1968 deaths
Afrikaner people
South African people of Dutch descent
Male actors from Cape Town
People from Johannesburg
South African male film actors
20th-century South African male actors
Hop Island is one of the largest of the Rauer Islands, lying west-south-west of Filla Island. It was charted by Norwegian cartographers from aerial photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition (1936–37), who gave the name Hopoy. They charted the feature as being even larger, including a southern arm enclosing a cove. The feature was more accurately delineated by John H. Roscoe in 1952 from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump (1946–47). The name Hop Island has been retained for the largest segment of the feature as suggested by Roscoe.
Important Bird Area
A 532 ha site comprising the whole island has been designated an Important Bird Area (IBA) by BirdLife International because it supports about 51,000 breeding pairs of Adélie penguinss, estimated from 2011 satellite imagery, as well as a colony of south polar skuas.
See also
List of Antarctic and Subantarctic islands
References
External links
Important Bird Areas of Antarctica
Seabird colonies
Penguin colonies
Islands of Princess Elizabeth Land
The 1922 Marquette Hilltoppers football team was an American football team that represented Marquette University as an independent during the 1922 college football season. In its first season under head coach Frank Murray, the team compiled an 8–0–1 record, shut out eight of its nine opponents, and outscored all opponents by a total of 213 to 3.
Schedule
References
Marquette
Marquette Golden Avalanche football seasons
College football undefeated seasons
Marquette Hilltoppers football
Bahiella is a genus of plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 2006. The entire group is endemic to the State of Bahia in northeastern Brazil, the state after which the genus is named.
Species
Bahiella blanchetii (A.DC.) J.F.Morales
Bahiella infundibuliflora J.F.Morales
References
Endemic flora of Brazil
Apocynaceae genera
Echiteae
The following lists events that happened during 2013 in Armenia.
Incumbents
President: Serzh Sargsyan
Prime Minister: Tigran Sargsyan
Speaker: Hovik Abrahamyan
Events
January
January 31 - Armenian politician Paruyr Hayrikyan is shot in their right clavicle and taken to a hospital in Yerevan, during their bid for the presidency.
February
February 18 - Voters in Armenia go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Serzh Sargsyan expected to win. Independent observers including the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe have expressed concern about the conduct of the elections.
February 19 - 2013 Armenian protests
Official partial returns from the Armenian presidential election indicate that incumbent President Serzh Sargsyan will be reelected in a landslide with the leading Opposition candidate Raffi Hovannisian raising concerns about irregularities.
A mass of their supporters gathered in Yerevan's Freedom Square, where Hovannisian urged President Sargsyan to accept "people's victory" and concede their defeat.
March
March 10 - Raffi Hovannisian goes on hunger strike after three weeks of mass rallies against the election results.
March 14 - The Constitutional Court of Armenia upholds the reelection of President Serzh Sargsyan in the recent presidential election.
May
May 5 - An election was held at the Yerevan City Council.
May 6 - Republican Party wins absolute majority to the Yerevan city council, opposition disputes results.
June
June 15 - Hovannisian held a small meeting with their supporters. They assured that "What we initiated 6 months ago is still in force. The main task of the Heritage is to restore the faith of people".
August
August 23 - Hovannisian held the biggest rally in months on the 23rd anniversary of Armenia's Declaration of independence. Thousands gathered, while Hovannisian promised a series of anti-government protests in the upcoming month of September.
September
September 3 - President Serzh Sargsyan announced in Moscow that Armenia will join the Customs Union of Belarus, Kazakhstan and Russia despite the fact that Armenia was expected to sign the European Union Association Agreement at the Eastern Partnership Summit in November. Experts describe this move as a U-turn citing apparent pressure from the Kremlin.
September 20 - Raffi Hovannisian along with former Soviet dissident Paruyr Hayrikyan held a rally at Freedom Square. Hovannisian stated that "Independence Day is not only a national holiday, but also responsibility. Today, on the eve of the holiday, we have gathered here to say that our statehood is in danger." Hovannisian's Heritage party was one of the only parties in Armenia to openly oppose President Sargsyan's decision to join the Customs Union of Belarus, Kazakhstan and Russia.
References
Armenia
Armenia
Years of the 21st century in Armenia
2010s in Armenia
Armenia
The 2016 Melaka United season was 93rd season in club history and 1st season in the Malaysia Premier League since relegated of the league in 2010 season.
Background
Background information
Melaka United won their first consecutive Malaysia FAM League championship in the 2015 season and promote to Malaysia Premier League in the 2016 season. Melaka United were knocked out of the 2015 Malaysia FA Cup in the first round by Terengganu.
Melaka United is preparing big budget for this season in order to achieve better position.
Transfer
Melaka United announced an addition of three import players to strengthen the squad. The players are Labinot Harbuzi from Sweden, Shin Jae Pil from South Korea and Ilija Spasojević from Montenegro. 14 local players transferred to Melaka United.
Management team
Club personnel
Kit
Supplier: Kronos
Main sponsors: Edra & Mamee
Other sponsors: Restoran Melayu, Hatten Groups
Squads
First team squad
Reserve squad
Out on loan
Friendly matches
Competitions
Overall
Overview
Malaysia Premier League
Table
Results summary
Results by round
Malaysia Premier League fixtures and results
Source:
Results overview
Scoring
Top scorers in 2016 Malaysia Premier League
Malaysia FA Cup
Malaysia Cup
Group stage
Scoring
Top scorers in 2016 Malaysia Cup
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Defenders
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Midfielders
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Forwards
|-
! colspan="12" style="background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center"| Players transferred out during the season
Goalkeeper statistics
Last updated: 21 May 2016
Discipline
Cards
Transfers
Early season
In
Out
Mid-season
In
Out
References
Melaka United F.C.
Melaka United F.C. seasons
Malaysian football clubs 2016 season
Malaysian football club seasons by club
Arusi (also spelled Alusi or Arunsi) are spirits that are worshiped and served in the Igbo religion. There are many different Arusi and each has its own purpose and function.
Ancestors
The Igbo world is divided into several interconnected realms, principal among them being the realm of the living, the realm of the dead or of the ancestors, and the realm of the unborn. Individuals who led an honorable life and received a proper burial proceeded to the ancestral realm to take their place among the ancestors ("Ndichie"), who are separate from the Arusi. From there they kept a watchful eye on the clan and visited their loved ones among the living with blessings such as fertility, good health, longevity, and prosperity. In gratitude the living offered sacrifices to them at the family hearth, and sought their counsel.
Arusi worship
Each major Arusi has a priest in every town that honors it, and the priest is assisted by a group of acolytes and devotees.
Children and Arusi
Children are still considered the greatest blessing of all and this is reflected in popular names such as Nwakaego; a child is worth more than money or Arawakan; no wealth is worthier than a child, or Nwabuugwu; a child is the greatest honor. In a small part of Igboland (Imo and Abia states- Mba-area), women who successfully deliver ten children are rewarded with special celebrations and rites that honor their hips. Infertility is considered a particularly harsh misfortune. The Igbo believe that it is children who perpetuate the tribe, and in order to do so children are expected to continue Igbo tradition and ways. Parts of Igbo divinities is Agwu, the alusi of health and divination. Agwu is a concept used by the Igbo to explain and understand: good and evil, health and sickness, fortune and misfortune.
Pantheon
Ala
Ikenga
Igwe (Sky Father, also known as Igwekaala in some areas)
Anyanwu
Idemmili, river goddess
Agwu
Ahobinagu, wildlife god
Ahia Njoku
Amadioha
Ekwensu
Njoku Ji
Ogbunabali
Alusi Okija
Agbala, prophet of the Igbos
Eke, Orie/Oye, Afo, Nkwo, embodiments of the days of the week in the Igbo calendar
See also
Igbo mythology
Orisha
Loa
West African Mythology
Winti
Yoruba religion
Nkisi
References
Igbo religion
Brian Stacy Drahman (born November 7, 1966) is a former right-handed baseball pitcher, born in Kenton, Kentucky but raised in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida.
Career
They were selected in the second round of the 1986 amateur draft by the Milwaukee Brewers out of Miami-Dade College. They immediately joined the Helena Gold Sox in the Rookie-level Pioneer League, then went 4-6 with a 5.92 ERA over 18 appearances (10 starts). They struck out 40 in 65.1 innings pitched and collected a 1.71 WHIP. Milwaukee promoted them to single-A for the 1987 campaign, with the Midwest League Beloit Brewers. Drahman went 6–5 with a 2.16 ERA in 46 appearances. They had 18 saves and struck out 60 in 79 innings with a 1.08 WHIP.
In 1998, Drahman played high-A level with the Stockton Ports, going 4–5 through 44 relief appearances with a 2.02 ERA and a 1.35 WHIP. They struck out 50 batters in 62.1 innings, but did not earn a promotion, starting the following season again with the Ports. They went 3–2 in a dozen appearances with a 3.25 ERA before earning a callup to the AA level, for the El Paso Diablos in the Texas League. They went 3–4 and their ERA ballooned to 7.26 in 19 relief appearances. With the Brewers needing a veteran fifth starter for its pennant drive, they were dealt to the Chicago White Sox for Jerry Reuss at the trade deadline on July 31, 1989. Drahman was sent back to the A+ level, and played with the Sarasota White Sox in the Florida State League. They went 0–1 over seven games, with a 3.24 ERA.
Drahman joined the Birmingham Barons in the double-A level Southern League for the 1990 campaign, spending the entire season with the club. They had a 6-4 record over 50 games (49 in relief), along with a 4.08 ERA and a 1.26 WHIP, striking out 72 in 90.1 innings pitched. In 1991, they opened the season with the White Sox. They blew a save in their first appearance then gave up five earned runs in 0.2 innings their next time out before settling down to earn a win on April 21. In that contest, they struck out one and allowed no hits or walks in the ninth before Lance Johnson hit a walk-off single in the bottom half for a 5–4 win over the Detroit Tigers. Overall, they played 28 games for the Sox, going 3–2 with a 3.23 ERA and a 1.109 WHIP, striking out 18 in 30.2 innings.
"I didn't have a stellar season", Drahman told The Sun-Sentinel of 1991, "but I did prove I can pitch at the major-league level and that was important."
They also played part of the season with the Vancouver Canadiens, going 2–3 with a 4.44 ERA in 22 games. They earned 12 saves, striking out 17 batters in 24.1 innings.
In 1992, Drahman spent most of their season with the Vancouver club in the Pacific Coast League as that team's closer. They went 2–4 with a 2.01 ERA and 30 saves. They appeared 48 times, earning 34 strikeouts in 58.1 innings with a 1.29 WHIP. They also briefly played with the Sox, earning a 2.57 ERA over seven innings in five relief appearances. They played most of the following campaign with the Nashville Sounds in the American Association, going 9–4 with a 2.91 ERA and 20 saves. Over 54 games, they earned a 1.400 WHIP and struck out 59 in 55.2 innings. They also pitched 5.1 innings for Chicago, allowing no earned runs and striking out three. The Marlins purchased their contract directly following the 1993 season.
In 1994, Drahman played with the Edmonton Trappers, Florida's triple-A affiliate in the Pacific Coast League. They went 3–2 with 13 saves in 45 games, with a 4.77 ERA and a 1.41 WHIP. They struck out 62 batters in 60.1 innings. They earned a callup to the Marlins early in June, staying through the beginning of July. They made nine appearances with the Fish, pitching 13 innings in total. In hindsight, all of their playing time was "low leverage." Their best showing was on July 2, when they allowed one earned run in three innings of relief work, striking out three in a 5-0 loss to the Atlanta Braves. They earned a 6.23 ERA while with the Marlins, with a 1.62 WHIP and seven strikeouts. Ironically, it was during this, their last major league season, where Drahman finally exceeded rookie limits.
Although they last played Major League Baseball at 27, Drahman played seven more seasons of competitive ball, between the Charlotte Knights (Marlins, International League, 21 games, 2-1, 6.30, 1.950), the Oklahoma City 89ers (Texas Rangers, American Association, 22 games, 2–2, 3.09, 1.56), Indianapolis Indians (Cincinnati Reds, 5 games, 0-0, 4.50, 1.875), the Las Vegas Stars (San Diego Padres, Pacific Coast League, 42 games, 3–1, 5.33, 1.69), the Allentown Ambassadors (unaffiliated, North East League, 24 games, 11–9, 4.25, 1.388), and the Dos Laredos Tecolotes (unaffiliated, Mexican League, 29 games, 7–9, 3.72, 1.300). Drahman is currently the pitching coach for the Great Falls Voyagers.
References
External links
, or The Baseball Cube
Retrosheet
Pura Pelota Venezuelan Professional Baseball League statistics
1966 births
Living people
Allentown Ambassadors players
American expatriate baseball players in Canada
American expatriate baseball players in Mexico
Baseball coaches from Florida
Baseball players from Florida
Beloit Brewers players
Birmingham Barons players
Caribes de Oriente players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Charlotte Knights players
Chicago White Sox players
Edmonton Trappers players
El Paso Diablos players
Florida Marlins players
Gary SouthShore RailCats coaches
Helena Gold Sox players
Indianapolis Indians players
Las Vegas Stars (baseball) players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Mexican League baseball pitchers
Minor league baseball coaches
Minor league baseball managers
Nashville Sounds players
Oklahoma City 89ers players
Sportspeople from Fort Lauderdale, Florida
Sarasota White Sox players
Stockton Ports players
Tecolotes de los Dos Laredos players
Vancouver Canadians players
The Glanapteryginae are a subfamily of catfishes (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae. It includes four genera, Glanapteryx, Listrura, Pygidianops, and Typhlobelus.
Phylogeny
Monophyly of the subfamily is supported by five synapomorphies involving reductions in the fins, caudal skeleton, and laterosensory system. It has been proposed that the sister group to this subfamily is the Sarcoglanidinae. Listrura is the sister group to the remainder of the subfamily. Glanapteryx is sister to a clade formed by the sister taxa Pygidianops and Typhlobelus.
Distribution
Glanapteryx, Pygidianops, and Typhlobelus are distributed in the Orinoco and Amazon River basins. Listrura species are from Brazil, outside of the Amazon River basin. However, the distribution of glanapterygines may be greater than previously thought.
Description
Most of the subfamily is constituted by 'miniaturized' species. Though miniaturized fish usually refers to fish that do not reach 25.4 mm (1.0 in) standard length, Glanapteryx and Typhlobelus have been considered 'elongated miniatures' due to their paedomorphic features and small head sizes, despite their lengths exceeding an inch.
Pygidianops and Typhlobelus are the most modified glanapterygines, sharing extreme reduction or loss of pigmentation, fins, laterosensory system, and eyes; they are also miniaturized, yet retain the well-ossified skeleton comparable in both bone differentiation and degree of calcification to that observed in larger trichomycterids. All four of these genera are currently monophyletic.
Habitat
Glanapterygine phylogeny indicates the evolution of the group followed a trend of decreasing dependence on leaf litter and increasing association with sand. Listrura species occur in shallow-water leaf-litter deposits underlain by mud or deeper layers of leaf litter. Little is known about the habitats of the species of Glanapteryx, but information available indicates they have been collected in association with leaf litter underlain with sand. By contrast, Pygidianops and Typhlobelus are entirely disassociated from leaf litter, and occupy exclusively clear water, loose sand; some species have been found to live exclusively in the substratum of the sand (rather than on the sand surface or in the water column above the sand), which could be the first vertebrates identified to be part of the meiofauna of benthic organisms. The latter two genera are more specialized for this lifestyle than any other catfishes, as evidenced by their loss of morphological traits. These two species also have paired keels, called metapleural keels, formed by long ridges of stiffened integument, extend along the entire ventral margin of the abdomen, ending posteriorly shortly posterior to the anus. These keels probably serve to stabilize the body while moving in sand.
References
Trichomycteridae
Fish of South America
Fish of the Amazon basin
Fauna of Brazil
Ray-finned fish subfamilies
Taxa named by George S. Myers
Bindi the Jungle Girl is an Australian children's television nature documentary series, presented by Bindi Irwin, the daughter of Steve and Terri Irwin. The series was produced and shot in Queensland by The Best Picture Show Company for Discovery Kids and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. The first series was scheduled for 26 episodes, and ran from 9 June 2007 until 31 May 2008 on American networks Discovery Kids and simulcast on Animal Planet and on ABC1 in Australia from 18 July 2007. Also appearing on the show are Bindi's mother Terri, their younger brother Robert, and Steve Irwin's "best mate" and director of Australia Zoo, Wes Mannion. Bindi performs songs and dances with a group called the Crocmen, and answers questions from viewers in the "Bindi's Blog" segment.
Steve Irwin appeared in several episodes filmed prior to their death in 2006. The second series was produced after their death, but they appear in archive footage in a segment named "Croc Hunter Unplugged", and is generally spoken of transcendentally in the present tense.
Plot
Bindi Sue Irwin and their late father, "Crocodile Hunter" Steve Irwin, try to spread the idea of conservation by teaching the world about many different types of animals and explain why they are important.
Cast
Bindi Irwin as Herself
Terri Irwin as Herself
Robert Irwin as Himself
Steve Irwin as Himself
Macaila Fernandes as Girl with Cat
Dani Hagan as Hamster Care Educator
Johnny Maio as Boy with Guinea Pigs
Episodes
Season One
Season Two
Related special
The series was introduced along with Bindi Irwin's first solo television program, My Daddy, the Crocodile Hunter, a documentary/memorial of Steve Irwin that aired on Animal Planet. It also talked about Bindi and their blooming career.
Merchandise
Australia Zoo produce an extensive range of Bindi merchandise including Bindi dolls, bracelets, stickers and clothes.
Bindi Wear is an exclusive range of children's clothes designed by Melanie Berry and Palmina Distasi. The clothing range features a collection of shirts, shorts, skirts and accessories for young girls and boys. The Bindi Wear concept is developed and managed by Steve's sister, Joy Muscillo.
Bindi Wear International is a range of apparel, footwear and accessories designed for children up to the age of 10 years. Designers, The 3 Monsters, have worked closely with Australia Zoo to ensure the clothing range upholds the Irwin's strong conservation beliefs and values.
DVD releases
The complete series has been released by ABC (Australia) on PAL Region 4 DVD.
References
External links
2007 Australian television series debuts
2008 Australian television series endings
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
Australian children's education television series
Australian non-fiction television series
English-language television shows
Television series about animals
Television series about children
Television shows set in Queensland
Discovery Kids original programming
Steve Irwin
Pizza is an Indian Hindi-language horror film directed by Akshay Akkineni. The film stars Akshay Oberoi, Parvathy Omanakuttan and Dipannita Sharma in the lead roles, while Arunoday Singh, Rajesh Sharma, Omkar Das Manikpuri and Sonali Sachdev play supporting roles. The film is a remake of 2012 Tamil film, Pizza, directed by Karthik Subbaraj and was released on 18 July 2014. The film was declared to be a "Super Hit" at the box office.
Produced by Siddharth Roy Kapur and Bejoy Nambiar, the film is the last production from UTV Spotboy.
Plot
Kunal Malkholkar is a pizza delivery boy who lives with their wife Nikita.  They are an aspiring novelist and is researching for writing a horror story, whereas Kunal does not believe in supernatural powers, and is sceptical of anything supernatural. Nikki, keeps telling them that they would soon realize the presence of supernatural beings. At first, Kunal is confused and scared, and their fears are confirmed when they learn that their boss, i.e., the pizzeria owner Mr. Kapoor's pregnant wife is possessed by a spirit. Meanwhile, Nikki becomes pregnant.
One particular day, Kunal goes out to deliver a pizza to a customer and returns to the restaurant in a state of shock while covered in blood; they are apparently injured, keeps constantly muttering Nikkis name, and seems to be worried about them When their boss questions him, Kunal explains that they had been to deliver a pizza to a customer named Smitha in a bungalow and recounts the events that happened at the bungalow. Smitha requests Kunal to wait downstairs while they go upstairs to retrieve change. Almost immediately, there is power failure, which alarms Kunal. While waiting downstairs completely alone in the dark, Kunal hears a loud unidentifiable noise from the bedroom upstairs. Going up to investigate, they find Smitha murdered suspiciously and notices one slice the pizza they had delivered to be missing, suggesting that there may be somebody else in the house. Horrified, Kunal makes a dash for the door only to realize that it has been locked from the outside. Furthermore when the murdered woman's husband arrives, they at first believes they stumble upon their wife having an affair. Through their cellphone Kunal communicates with them and explains their situation thoroughly instigating Mr. Ghost to aid them on how to get out of the house. Moreover, Mr. Ghost suddenly disappears from the front entrance, and is found by Kunal inside the house mysteriously murdered in the same room as their wife, with two slices of the pizza now missing. Also, Kunal encounters the couple's child "Anjali", identical to the name of the spirit allegedly possessing Mr. Kapoor's wife. Kunal tries everything they can to get out of the house including trying to break down the sealed doors leading outside, to using the house phone which happens to work even though the line is dead. Kunal manages to contact Nikki using the phone and gets them to contact to the local police to come and rescue him. The door bell rings, and Kunal finds Nikki outside. They see the ghost couple behind Nikki and asks them to move, but is attacked by the ghosts. When a couple of police officers arrive at the bungalow, Kunal believes that Nikki had requested them to help him, but they reveal that four people had been killed in that house - Smitha, Mr. Ghost, their young daughter and a girl named Nikki, implying that they are Kunal's girlfriend, Nikki. The police disclose that Kunal is a suspect regarding the murder case and attempt to arrest him. Confused and in tears, Kunal does not believe the police officers and attempts to escape the clutches of these police men in order to search for Nikki.
While trying to escape, Kunal witnesses the police getting dragged into the house and being killed. At this juncture, Kunal, in a horrified state, runs back to the restaurant. Their friends at the restaurant and Mr. Kapoor visit the bungalow themselves and see Nikki apparently possessed by Anjali. Further, it is revealed that the bungalow had previously witnessed the untimely deaths of a married couple, their daughter, and two police officer, whose ghosts Kunal had earlier interacted with. Meanwhile, Kunal seems to continue their search for Nikki, has constant health issues, and seems to be disturbed by ghosts and supernatural entities.
As Kunal during a delivery stops and calls Nikki, the true story of what had happened is disclosed. The Income Tax department had planned on a raid at the restaurant owner Mr. Kapoor's house. Mr. Kapoor who has diamonds worth around 20 million hidden in their restaurant hides it in a box of candies and asks Kunal to deliver it to their house. but they go their house first to deliver pizzas to their wife, they notice the candy box. They decide to take few candies, when they notice the packet containing diamonds. Kunal and Nikki decide that stealing those diamonds would improve their lifestyle and support their baby. So, they concoct a clever story in which Kunal convincingly "forgets" the Pizza bag at the "haunted" bungalow which Mr. Kapoor would never enter into, thanks to their fear of supernatural powers. Meanwhile, Nikki packs and plans to go somewhere away from that city and decide to settle abroad. Kunal says that before going away from there they want to deliver the last pizza of their life and gets a phone call.
Kunal, after the phone call, goes to deliver a pizza to a house and they encounter a series of events similar to the story they had narrated. Inside, they meet a little girl identical to the "Anjali" they had described in their story. Kunal is locked inside the home with "Anjali" curiously looking at him. The door to the house then locks shut, ending the movie.
Cast
Akshay Oberoi as Kunal Malkholkar
Parvathy Omanakuttan as Nikita "Nikki" Malkholkar
Arunoday Singh as Mr. Ghost
Dipannita Sharma as Mrs. Ghost
Rajesh Sharma as Mr. Kapoor
D. Santosh as Lobo Shinde
Hussain Dalal as Sameer Yadav
Omkar Das Manikpuri as Sadhu
Sonali Sachdev as Priya Kapoor
Diya Chalwad as Anjali
Soundtrack
The soundtrack album and background score was composed by Mikey McCleary, Shamir Tandon and Saurabh Kalsi. The lyrics for the songs were written by Sameer Pandey, Ankur Tewari, Tanmay Bahulekar, Abhishek Kumar, Shashank Kunwar and Abhijeet Deshpande.
The video and audio rights for the soundtrack album were purchased by Times Music India.
Production
Development
The critical and commercial success of the Tamil version led to its remakes in Kannada and Bengali. The remake rights for the Hindi version was bought by Bejoy Nambiar for , which itself was the actual budget of the original version.
Crew
The film was directed by debutante Akshay Akkineni, son of veteran editor and multiple National Film Award winner, A. Sreekar Prasad. Produced by Siddharth Roy Kapur and Bejoy Nambiar, the film features music by Mickey McCleary, Saurabh Kalsi, Shamir Tandon and the background score by noted Tamil composer K. The film's
production design was done by Anita Rajagopalan and Donald Reagen.
Filming
The film was shot in 3D.
References
External links
2010s Hindi-language films
2014 horror thriller films
2010s mystery thriller films
2014 films
Indian 3D films
Indian mystery thriller films
2014 3D films
Indian horror thriller films
Hindi remakes of Tamil films
Films scored by K (composer)
Films scored by Shamir Tandon
Films scored by Mikey McCleary
UTV Motion Pictures films
Indian horror film remakes
2014 directorial debut films
Elizabeth Gowdy Baker (1860–1927) was an American portrait painter.
Biography
Born at Xenia, Ohio, they graduated from Monmouth College where they were a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma. They taught at Monmouth for a while until they were dismissed by the board of trustees for wearing their Kappa Kappa Gamma key. They studied at the Cooper Union, Art Students' League, New York School of Art, Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts in Philadelphia, Cowles Art School in Boston; under Frederick Freer, William Chase, and Harry Siddons Mowbray. They medaled at Cooper Union. They were a member of the Boston Art Students' Association and the Art Workers' Club for Women, New York. This artist painted numerous portraits and was especially successful with pictures of children. They had a method of their own, claiming that it was excellent for life-size portraits in watercolors. The paper they used was heavier than any made in the US at the time, and was imported. Them watercolors were very strong. They stated that in this method, they got "the strength of oils with the daintiness of water-colors, and that it is beautiful for women and children, and sufficiently strong for portraits of men". They rarely exhibited, and their portraits were kept in private houses.
Baker demonstrated skill and manipulation of large washes of color. They exhibited aquarelle works at Knoedler's Galleries, including one of Mrs. James S. Clarkson, in which the painting of lace gown, blue scarf, pearls and other accessories demonstrated careful detail work. A less conventional likeness of Mrs. James A. Stillman showed the subject in picturesque gown of iridescent silk draped with scarf of delicate lace. Three portraits were exhibited in the artist's studio in the Tiffany and Company Building, those of Mr. and Mrs. James A. Baker and their daughter, of Houston, Texas. These were admirable examples of the artist's ability to secure a likeness.
References
American portrait painters
People from Xenia, Ohio
Cooper Union alumni
Art Students League of New York alumni
Parsons School of Design alumni
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts alumni
1860 births
1927 deaths
Painters from Ohio
American women painters
19th-century American painters
20th-century American painters
20th-century American women artists
19th-century American women artists
The tawny-throated leaftosser (Sclerurus mexicanus) is a tropical American bird species in the ovenbird family Furnariidae. It is also known as the tawny-throated leafscraper, Mexican leaftosser or Mexican leafscraper. This bird might be a cryptic species complex.
Description
This roughly thrush-sized bird measures 15–17 cm in length and weighs 24–30 g. Its coloration is quite uniformly a rich chestnut brown. The tail is darker, the breast, rump and head are lighter and tinged rufous, though the crown and cheek region are as dark as the body, with some greyish hue to the cheeks. Its iris is dusky brown, the feet are blackish brown. The bill is very long and thin, perhaps by proportion the longest and thinnest of all Furnariidae. It is blackish brown above, and whitish, horn-colored or dark grey below; the tip is black.
Males and females look alike. Young birds are duller, with light streaks and dusky scaling on throat and breast.
The song of the tawny-throated leaftosser is a series of 4–9 wheezy notes which descend, accelerate and fade out as they are given: . For some populations, slightly different songs have been described; subspecies pullus produces a series of sharp calls or a whistling , while subspecies peruvianus has a series of clear whistles and its song often ends in a trill. It is not clear whether these vocalizations indicate specific distinctiveness, but it is notable that at least in peruvianus the song often ends with a "flourish" and does not quietly fade out as it does in the northern populations.
The alarm call is a sharp chick, , or .
The short-billed leaftosser (S. rufigularis) is widely sympatric in the Amazonas basin. It looks almost alike but it has a shorter bill and its song, while structured similarly, changes in pitch several times through its course rather than simply descending. It is also an inhabitant of terra firme forest near rivers, whereas the tawny-throated leaftosser prefers hilly terrain.
Systematics
The tawny-throated leaftosser is considered to be the sister species of the short-billed leaftosser (S. rufigularis). It might actually contain two species which are sympatric by range (though not by altitude) between eastern Panama and northern Colombia; the birds between Meta and Santander Departments (Colombia), including a population in the Serranía de las Quinchas discovered only on January 20, 2006, have not been identified as to subspecies yet. As regards scientific names, S. mexicanus would refer to the lowland birds, while the name of the Andean ones (which ironically would not include the subspecies andinus, essentially a lowland bird despite its name) would be S. obscurior. The status of the isolated Mata Atlântica population is also unclear; it might represent yet another species, which would be named S. bahiae, but it has been very little studied. A study of vocalizations published in 2017 proposes that as many as five species may be contained within S. mexicanus sensu lato.
Subspecies
As long as the species is not split up, seven subspecies, differing in appearance quite markedly for such a plain bird, are recognized.
mexicanus group:
Sclerurus mexicanus mexicanus P.L.Sclater, 1857 – Veracruz (SE Mexico) to N Nicaragua. First recorded in El Salvador on June 12, 1998, but nesting not confirmed. Includes S. m. certus.
Neither dark nor rufous hues very pronounced, but dark and rufous areas clearly contrasting.
Sclerurus mexicanus pullus Bangs, 1902 – Highlands from Costa Rica to Coclé and Veraguas (W Panama).
Generally darker and less rufous than mexicanus, but throat lighter and rump with pronounced rufous hue.
Sclerurus mexicanus andinus Chapman, 1914 – Lowlands of Panamá Province (E Panama) to N Colombia, perhaps including Santander Department; from there northeast to the Serranía del Perijá of Venezuela, and southeast through S Venezuela to the Gran Sabana and W Guyana.
Lighter than mexicanus, rump and uppertail coverts very rufous.
Sclerurus mexicanus macconnelli Chubb, 1919 – Guianas, Rio Negro and Tapajós E to Maranhão, S to N Mato Grosso states (Brazil).
Similar to mexicanus, but more olive-brown; rufous on throat and rump very pronounced, extending onto chest.obscurior group:
Sclerurus mexicanus obscurior (or S. obscurior obscurior) Hartert, 1901 – Highlands from Isthmus of Panama (Cerro Malí, Cerro Pirre, Cerro Tacarcuna) through Cordillera Occidental of Colombia to El Oro and W Loja provinces in SW Ecuador. S. m. anomalus, described from Cerro Sapo (Panama), is not recognizably distinct; presumably it belongs to obscurior
Darker and less rufous than mexicanus.
Sclerurus mexicanus peruvianus (or Sclerurus obscurior peruvianus) Chubb, 1919 – Cordillera Oriental south from W Meta Department – perhaps from as far north as Santander Department – (Colombia), adjacent Amazonas basin (Amazonas, Acre N Rondônia states in NW Brazil), to E Peru and NW Santa Cruz Department (Bolivia).
Generally like obscurior, but even less rufous.Incertae sedis:
Sclerurus mexicanus bahiae (or Sclerurus bahiae) Chubb, 1919 – Atlantic Forest of Brazil, from Alagoas to NE São Paulo.
Similar to pullus; rump rich rufous-brown, throat dark and contrasting little with breast.
Range and ecology
The tawny-throated leaftosser ranges from southern Mexico through Central America into Colombia, and from there south to the Peruvian Andes as well as southeast to the Amazon Basin, with an isolated population in the Atlantic Forest of Brazil. The species is largely absent from Venezuela and is patchily distributed across most of its range, particularly Central America. Its natural habitats are tropical moist lowland forests and tropical moist montane evergreen forests. It prefers hilly terrain, occurring mainly between 700 and 2,200 m ASL in Central America, and from near sea level to 1,500 m and locally to 2,000 m ASL in South America.
The species lives on the ground, where it feeds on invertebrates found by flicking through leaf litter, digging in moist soil or in rotting wood, often using the tail to anchor itself; the tips of the rectrices become abraded by this behavior and before moult often just the resilient feather shafts remain. Tawny-throated leaftossers are encountered singly or in pairs; they may be attracted by recordings of their alarm calls. These birds typically move by hopping about and are reluctant to fly if they do not have to. They are not migratory.
Tawny-throated leaftossers are assumed to be monogamous and are territorial, with their territories that are around 25 ha in size. The breeding season – if this species actually has a well-marked breeding season – is prolonged, running at least from December to April in Costa Rica; breeding activity was recorded in April/May for Colombia and in August for Ecuador. The nest is a small cup, loosely woven from dry twigs and leaf remains, in a cavity up to 20 cm in diameter at the end of a tunnel – up to 50 cm long but often much shorter – dug into an earth bank or similar spot. Little is known about their breeding biology, but they presumably lay two eggs per clutch.
It is generally an uncommon bird, with a population density usually less than (and often far less than) 5 individuals per square kilometer. It quickly disappears from forests that have been fragmented due to logging, and will not even tolerate selective logging well. Due to its large overall range, it is classified as a Species of the least concern by the IUCN; if it is split up into two or three species however, the Andean and Atlantic Forest populations are likely to qualify as threatened species.
Footnotes
References
Cuervo, Andrés M.; Hernández-Jaramillo, Alejandro; Cortés-Herrera, José Oswaldo & Laverde, Oscar (2007): Nuevos registros de aves en la parte alta de la Serranía de las Quinchas, Magdalena medio, Colombia [New bird records from the highlands of Serranía de las Quinchas, middle Magdalena valley, Colombia]. Ornitología Colombiana 5: 94–98 [Spanish with English abstract]. PDF fulltext
Freile, Juan F. & Chaves, Jaime A. (2004): Interesting distributional records and notes on the biology of bird species from a cloud forest reserve in north-west Ecuador. Bulletin of the British Ornithologists' Club 124(1): 6–16. PDF fulltext
Greeney, Harold F.; Gelis, Rudolphe A. & White, Richard (2004): Notes on breeding birds from an Ecuadorian lowland forest. Bulletin of the British Ornithologists' Club 124(1): 28–37. PDF fulltext
Herrera, Néstor; Rivera, Roberto; Ibarra Portillo, Ricardo & Rodríguez, Wilfredo (2006): Nuevos registros para la avifauna de El Salvador. ["New records for the avifauna of El Salvador"]. Boletín de la Sociedad Antioqueña de Ornitología 16(2): 1–19. [Spanish with English abstract] PDF fulltext
Remsen, J. Van (2003a): 223. Tawny-throated Leaftosser. In: del Hoyo, Josep; Elliott, Andrew & Christie, David A. (eds.): Handbook of Birds of the World (Vol. 8: Broadbills to Tapaculos): 351, plate 29. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Remsen, J. Van (2003b): 224. Short-billed Leaftosser. In: del Hoyo, Josep; Elliott, Andrew & Christie, David A. (eds.): Handbook of Birds of the World (Vol. 8: Broadbills to Tapaculos): 351, plate 29. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Salaman, Paul G.W.; Stiles, F. Gary; Bohórquez, Clara Isabel; Álvarez-R., Mauricio; Umaña, Ana María; Donegan, Thomas M. & Cuervo, Andrés M. (2002): New and noteworthy bird records from the east slope of the andes of Colombia. Caldasia 24(1): 157–189. PDF fulltext
tawny-throated leaftosser
Birds of Central America
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
tawny-throated leaftosser
tawny-throated leaftosser
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Randolph Mitchell House is a historic house in the small community of New Reading, Ohio, United States. One of the most prominent old buildings in the area's oldest settlement, it was once the home of a leading local resident, and it has been named a historic site because of its distinctive Neoclassical-influenced architecture.
History
Settled in 1801, the community of New Reading was platted in 1805, before any other community in Perry County; for much of its early history, it was better known as "Overmyertown" in honor of its founder, Peter Overmyer. When the county was established in 1817, New Reading contended for the title of county seat, and although it failed to obtain this distinction, it remained prosperous throughout the nineteenth century. Into this flourishing community moved Randolph Mitchell two years after the failed bid for county seat. Having paid the then-huge sum of $100 to buy seven lots in the village, they commenced the construction of a grand house, which was finished in 1828. Before long, Mitchell had gained high standing in the community; they were a prominent member of the village's Methodist church, and later generations remembered them as one of the leading merchants of old New Reading.
Architecture
Mitchell's house is a brick building with a foundation of sandstone, a slate roof, and miscellaneous elements of sandstone and other types of stone. Built with a floor plan in the shape of the letter "L", the house is entered primarily through a grand entrance in the center of its five-bay facade. This entrance is the exterior's most prominent component, due to its trabeated entrance with an archway, its eight-panelled surrounding windows and fanlight, and its Ionic columns on both sides of the doorway. Inside, the house is divided into rooms surrounding a single hallway, and the rooms feature neoclassical detailing. The plan and details of the house's interior and entrance combine to make it typical of the Adam style, while the exterior is clearly Federal in style.
Preservation
The Randolph Mitchell House occupies a prominent place in the extant early architecture of Perry County. Few period residences in the area can compare with its Federal and Adam styling, and few have experienced so few changes by the hand of man. In December 1978, the Mitchell House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying both because of its distinctive architecture and because of its place as the home of a prominent citizen. It is one of four National Register-listed properties in Reading Township, along with St. Joseph's Catholic Church near Somerset, the home of General Philip Sheridan's family in Somerset, and Somerset's public square.
References
External links
Owner's website
The Randolph Mitchell House: Preliminary Research, Results and Proposal for Archaeological Investigations of an Early 19th Century Ohio Private Residence
Houses completed in 1828
Houses in Perry County, Ohio
Federal architecture in Ohio
National Register of Historic Places in Perry County, Ohio
Neoclassical architecture in Ohio
"No War but the Class War" (NWBTCW) is a motto expressing opposition to capitalism used by anarchist and communist groups. It is also the name for a number of anti-authoritarian and anti-capitalist groups.
Group names
The first two NWBTCW groups appeared in London during the 1990–1991 Gulf War and the 1999 Kosovo War. Both groups, which included ex-members of the London-based Class War, dissolved after the respective war they were protesting stopped. The third NWBTCW group appeared in London following the start of the War in Afghanistan in October 2001. Efforts, particularly by the Communist Workers' Organisation, to turn this into a network of groups across Britain failed. A split in the group which was characterised as between theory and practice led to the 'actionists' leaving to form the Disobedients, whose activities included an attempt to occupy Old Street Roundabout along with Critical Mass which was swamped by police much like all the other actions by this group. The 'theorist' section transmuted itself into the No War but the Class War Discussion Group, which eventually also dissolved.
As a slogan
As a slogan, "No War but the Class War" has been used by people not necessarily linked to any of the above groups. It is widely used by diverse Marxist groups as a means of underlining the priority of class struggle above other political aims and as a general anti-militarist slogan.
The phrase was used in the first episode of the 1975 series Days of Hope, written by Jim Allen and directed by Ken Loach (both socialists), which caused controversy in Britain over its portrayal of the British military during World War I. A socialist who has deserted from the British army says, "I'm no pacifist. I'll fight in a war, but I'll fight in the only war that counts, and that's the class war, and it'll come when all this lot's over."
See also
Eat the rich
Notes
External links
No War but the Class War – archive of texts by the various London NWBTCW groups.
The story of this group (in its various incarnations) – article by the third NWBTCW group, looking at the history and limitations of the group.
No war but the class war: remembering and reflecting 10 years after – reflective analysis on the first NWBTCW group by a former member.
Anarchist organisations in the United Kingdom
Anti-capitalism
Political catchphrases
Anti-war movement
Todd Martin was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Thomas Enqvist won the tournament, beating Magnus Gustafsson in the final, 6–3, 6–4, 6–2.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Main draw
1999 Stockholm Open
1999 ATP Tour
A 3-Pronged Parts Retriever, also known as a Pearl-Catcher, is a tool used by computer technicians.
Design
It consists of a length of tube of around 4 mm to 6 mm in diameter, often made of coiled steel springs, with a push-button on one end. Three metal wires protrude from the other end, each sprung to bend outwards, away from the tube's axis, but with their tips bent inwards to form teeth. The push-button drives the wires down the tube, where their natural springiness causes them to spread further outwards, opening the teeth. When the button is released, an internal spring withdraws the wires which, constrained by the tube, are forced together, closing the teeth.
By pressing the end of it, the user allows the teeth to open up and by releasing their hold, the teeth will grab whatever object is below the grabber.
Use
The tool is mainly used to retrieve screws, although is also helpful in retrieving jammed bits in the motherboard. They mainly come in sizes ranging from about 4 to 9 inches. The outer shell is usually plastic, although higher end retrievers can have metal casing and reinforced inner material.
Other uses include, but are not limited to; paper removal, device handling, item manoeuvering, micro-cleaning, small parts retrieval and minor dust removal.
References
Lifting equipment
This table shows an overview of the protected heritage sites in the Walloon town Court-Saint-Étienne. This list is part of Belgium's national heritage.
|}
See also
Lists of protected heritage sites in Walloon Brabant
References
Belgian heritage register: Direction générale opérationnelle - Aménagement du territoire, Logement, Patrimoine et Energie (DG4)
www.dglive.be
Court-Saint-Etienne
Court-Saint-Étienne
Aidan Power (born 30 March 1979) is an Irish television and radio presenter.
Career
Born in Templeogue, Dublin, Power was educated at St. Mac Dara's community college and then Ballyfermot Senior College where they obtained a diploma in broadcasting and journalism in 1998. They began their career as a DJ and presented West Dublin Community Radio alongside reporting for RTÉ's daytime show 12-2-1. Aidan gained their radio presenting experience on the pirate Freedom FM.
Subsequently, Power worked as a presenter on a variety of shows such as Open House and The Den. In 2003, they left RTÉ and joined Nickelodeon as anchor presenter on their daily show NickL8R, but they left this show in 2004 to concentrate on co-presenting The Cafe with Laura Woods until October 2008 when they became the show's sole presenter. In September 2005, they became the face of TTV until July 2007. In September 2007, they co-presented one series of Class Act with Síle Seoige. They hosted Celebrities Go Wild with Anna Nolan in October 2007 In September 2008, they began co-presenting Winning Streak: Dream Ticket with Kathryn Thomas. They quit Winning Streak: Dream Ticket in 2009 to present behind-the-scenes show The Ireland Talent Show Backstage.
In 2010, they started presenting SuperCrew on TRTÉ, and they began working on Celebrity Bainisteoir. They also presented the 98fm Morning Crew show with Clare Solan until the end of September 2012, after which they were replaced by Ray Foley.
Power presented Superbloopers with Zig and Zag on RTÉ over the 2011 Christmas season, and again during 2012.
On 13 April 2013 Power presented Sligo Rovers versus Cork City in a high-profile league of Ireland game.
Power co-hosted the only series of the Irish songwriting competition, The Hit with Nicky Byrne.
On 2 February 2016, iRadio announced that Power would present their new breakfast show. Power replaced Steven Cooper who left to present 98fm's breakfast show alongside former iRadio presenter Luke O'Faolain, the same show which Power left in 2012.
In 2019 Power had presented boxing on UK Channel 5Spike TV.
In 2021 and 2022, Aidan returned to Irish radio presenting on temporary multi city 90s and noughties station, Freedom FM.
Notable incident
Power was surprised on 23 October 2008 when wrestling superstars Joe Legend and Scotty Too Hotty came in to talk about the wrestling events around Ireland but in a strange turn of events ended up taking on Power and trashing the Cafe. Power later admitted this was the highlight of their broadcasting career.
References
External
1979 births
Living people
Dublin's 98FM presenters
Irish DJs
Irish game show hosts
RTÉ television presenters
Electronic dance music DJs
Kota Marudu is a federal constituency in Kudat Division (Kudat District and Kota Marudu District), Sabah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 September 2019, the Kota Marudu constituency has a total of 58 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Sabah federal constituencies
Marco Baldineti (born 6 July 1960) is an Italian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Italian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Tijuana
The Noble Experiment is a distillery founded and operated by Bridget Firtle in Bushwick, New York City. It is NYC's only rum distillery, and is only available within the state.
Firtle began working on the company in 2011 while they were working on Wall Street managing a hedge fund. They left their job and began building The Noble Experiment in 2012, starting to sell white rum at the beginning of 2013. The product is named Owney's NYC Rum, after Prohibition-era bootlegger Owney Madden, and the company's name is taken after the nickname for the Prohibition policy. The rum is made solely from molasses, yeast, and NYC water.
Firtle has been featured on the Forbes Food & Wine 30 Under 30.
Amy Zavatto of Serious Eats described Owney's rum as "gently earthy" with a "mild, balanced, tender sweetness". Wine Enthusiast Magazine described it as crisp and appealing. It received a score of 93 at an Ultimate Spirits Challenge tasting.
References
External links
owneys.com
Distilleries in New York (state)
Companies based in Brooklyn
American companies established in 2012
Food and drink companies established in 2012
Food production companies based in New York City
Microdistilleries
Pietrangelo is both an Italian surname and given name. Notable people with the name include:
Alex Pietrangelo (born 1990), Canadian ice hockey defenceman
Amelia Pietrangelo (born 1993), Canadian soccer striker
Frank Pietrangelo (born 1964), Canadian ice hockey goaltender
Pietrangelo Pettenò (born 1960), Italian politician from Veneto
it:Pietrangelo
Italian-language surnames
Suchinta Chowdhury Chanchal (), known as Chanchal Chowdhury (), is a Bangladeshi actor. Critically acclaimed for their performances in Rupkothar Golpo (2006), Monpura (2009), Television (2012), Aynabaji (2016), Debi (2018) and Hawa (2022). They have received two Bangladesh National Film Awards for Best Actor and three Meril Prothom Alo Awards for Best Actor.
A household name in Bangladesh, Chowdhury started their career in 1996 in the theaters of Bangladesh. They joined famous theaters such as Aranyak Natyadal and performed in stage plays like Prakritojoner Kotha, Joyjoyonti, Ora Kodom Ali, Mayur Singhason, Songkranti, Rarang and Che-er Cycle. Albeit a prolific actor in TV series and films, they appeared in six movies as of 2018.
Early life
Chowdhury was born and raised in a Hindu family in the village of Kamarhaat in Pabna, Bangladesh, on 1 June 1974. Their father's name is Radha Gobinda Chowdhury and mother's name is Nomita Chowdhury. They passed their SSC examination from Udaypur High School in 1990 and HSC examination from Rajbari Govt. College, Rajbari in 1992. They came to Dhaka in 1993 to apply for admission in the Department of Fine Arts at the University of Dhaka. Their parents wanted them to be an engineer but an innate urge for art and culture drove them to become an actor.
Chanchal Chowdhury settled in Dhaka in 1993 and dived headfirst into as much culture as possible. As a third year student of DU, they joined 'Aronyak', a theater group of Legendary actor, director and scriptwriter Mamunur Rashid. Then they worked on stage for 10 years continuously. During this period, they played minor roles in different television dramas as well. Their first role as a hero was in the drama Grash directed by Faridur Rahman. Meanwhile, Chowdhury pursued their profession in UODA as a lecturer of Fine Arts from 2001 to 2006.
Career
It was in 2004 that Fazlur Rahman Babu (actor) introduced Chowdhury to Gias Uddin Selim and Mostofa Sarwar Farooki. Chowdhury then started working more and more in television dramas. Their initial works are Shurjer Hashi with Gias Uddin Selim, Talpatar Shepai, Nikhoj Shogbaad and a TV commercial, Maa with Mostofa Sarwar Farooki. At this point Chanchal's life took an upward surge towards success as the commercial gained them immense popularity.
Even the advertisement's jingle was sung by Chowdhury. Though they never had any formal singing lessons, they are gifted with the talent to sing. "I always listened to Hemanta Mukhopadhdhay and Bhupen Hajarika and sang those songs to myself; I told Mostofa Sarwar Farooki bhai to give me a chance to sing the jingle because I really thought that my voice would suit the song. Ayub Bachchu and Mostofa Sarwar Farooki then listened to my singing and later let me know that my song had been selected." Chowdhury later won the Meril-Prothom Alo award as the best model 2006 for this commercial. Chowdhury came into the spotlight for the first time as a model in the commercial of Grameenphone which became immensely popular at that time. Pother Klanti Bhule - a very popular song of Hemanta Mukherjee attracted some more attention onto the advertisement. Eventually, that advertise brought them the prestigious Meril-Prothom Alo award in "The Best Model - Men" category in 2005. The commercial was directed by Mostafa Sarwar Farooki, with whom, Chowdhury worked with on the serial 'Talpatar Shepai'.
After the commercial, Chowdhury's acting career started moving forward at a very good pace. They then worked with Salauddin Lavlu, Saidul Anam Tutul, Golam Sarwar Tutul and so on. Some of the dramas that Chowdhury specially likes are Vober Hat, Bongsho Rokkhe, Talpatar Shepai, Nikhoj Shongbaad, Ami Tumi Shottojit, Boral Parer Shitlai Gaon, Akjon Durbol Manush and also many more. The busy actor is also seen frequently in Eid-special TV plays.
Chowdhury plays a key role, called ‘Laley', in Aronyak's popular production Shangkranti. In Che'er Cycle (a Bengali Theatre production), they play six different characters including those of Fidel Castro and a peace-loving young boy, Shubhro — demonstrating their versatility. Chowdhury considers their performance in Che'er Cycle as one of their best works on stage so far. On their contemporaries, the actor says, several artistes are doing well. Among them, AKM Hasan, Mosharraf Karim, Shamim Zaman, Anisur Rahman Milon, Nusrat Imroz Tisha, Chandni and Richi Solaiman have done some impressive works. Chowdhury says that performing in front of the camera is relatively easy for him, thanks to their experience on stage. They add, acting in films is more challenging than TV plays because of its duration and format. They have also been a playback singer, along with Meher Afroz Shaon, in the 2012 war film depicting the Bangladesh Liberation War, Pita
Also known for famous children show "Sisimpur" where they played the character of "Mukul"
Personal life
Chanchal Chowdhury faced online backlash after posting a picture with their mother on Mother's day 2020. On getting to know about their Hindu faith from the customary sindur on their mother's forehead many people made derogatory remarks. Chanchal responded with poetry, encouraging harmony between all faiths.
Filmography
Films
Television
Theatre
Web Series
Awards and nominations
References
External links
1974 births
21st-century Bangladeshi male actors
Bangladeshi male film actors
Bangladeshi male stage actors
Bangladeshi male television actors
Male web series actors
Bengali male actors
Bengali male television actors
Living people
Bengali Hindus
Bangladeshi Hindus
Male actors in Bengali cinema
People from Dhaka
People from Sujanagar Upazila
Best Actor National Film Award (Bangladesh) winners
University of Dhaka alumni
Wiley Dean Reed (5 January 1944 – 7 October 2012) was an Australian-based African-American blues musician and songwriter, who sang and accompanied themselves on the piano. They were a multi-award winning artist who played with some of the genre's biggest artists.
Has a son named David Reed, born 11th of December 1983, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Biography
Born in Jacksonville, Florida on 5 January 1944, Reed began singing in the local church choir at the age of nine, and was already an accomplished musician in their native United States before they arrived in Australia in 1967. They toured extensively throughout the United States, Australia and Europe, and made three trips to Vietnam (1967, 68, 69) to entertain troops.
Reed began their career in Australia at the Two Eyes Club where they performed with fellow blues artists Billy Thorpe, Phil Manning, Doug Parkinson and Jeff St John.
They became well known for their deep soulful style and their generosity, helping many musicians over the years in the style of great mentors such as Miles Davis.
In 1996, they were personally selected by Michael Jackson for a private welcoming concert during their History tour.
Their last recording titled 'Straight from the heart' (2003) won several awards including three 'Sunnie' awards for Best Male Vocalist, Best Blues Album and Best Male Vocalist at the Gold Coast International Jazz and Blues Festival.
Recent Activity
In November 2010, Reed collaborated with a new lineup of Brisbane musicians to create and record original material under the pseudonym Moses 'Turkey Slap' Washington, a fictional Delta Bluesman who sings blues-rock with comedic lyrics. This was slated for release in 2011.
In 2012 Wiley Reed and their band opened the 2012 Broadbeach Blues Festival with Bob Malone, Chris Jagger, Phil Emmanuel and other international acts and was a highlight act on the main stage at the 2012 Noosa Jazz Festival.
Reed died in hospital due to complications from an earlier fall on 7 October 2012 in Brisbane, Australia.
At the time of their death, they had a large following in Queensland and other states where they had played in festivals.
References
External links
1944 births
2012 deaths
Australian blues musicians
American emigrants to Australia
Musicians from Jacksonville, Florida
20th-century Australian musicians
20th-century American musicians
The French alexandrine () is a syllabic poetic metre of (nominally and typically) 12 syllables with a medial caesura dividing the line into two hemistichs (half-lines) of six syllables each. It was the dominant long line of French poetry from the 17th through the 19th century, and influenced many other European literatures which developed alexandrines of their own.
12th to 15th centuries
Genesis
According to verse historian Mikhail Gasparov, the French alexandrine developed from the Ambrosian octosyllable,
× – u – × – u ×
Aeterne rerum conditor
by gradually losing the final two syllables,
× – u – × –
Aeterne rerum cond (construct)
then doubling this line in a syllabic context with phrasal stress rather than length as a marker.
Rise and decline
The earliest recorded use of alexandrines is in the Medieval French poem Le Pèlerinage de Charlemagne of 1150, but the name derives from their more famous use in part of the Roman d'Alexandre of 1170. L. E. Kastner states:
From about the year 1200 the Alexandrine began to supplant the decasyllabic line as the metre of the chansons de geste, and at the end of the thirteenth century it had gained so completely the upper hand as the epic line that several of the old chansons in the decasyllabic line were turned into Alexandrines...
These early alexandrines were slightly looser rhythmically than those reintroduced in the 16th century. Significantly, they allowed an "epic caesura" — an extrametrical mute e at the close of the first hemistich (half-line), as examplified in this line from the medieval Li quatre fils Aymon:
o o o o o S(e) o o o o o S
Or sunt li quatre frère | sus el palais plenier
o=any syllable; S=stressed syllable; (e)=optional mute e; |=caesura
However, toward the end of the 14th century, the line was "totally abandoned, being ousted by its old rival the decasyllabic"; and despite occasional isolated attempts, would not regain its stature for almost 200 years.
16th to 18th centuries
The alexandrine was resurrected in the middle of the 16th century by the poets of the Pléiade, notably Étienne Jodelle (tragedy), Guillaume de Salluste Du Bartas (narrative), Jean-Antoine de Baïf (lyric), and Pierre de Ronsard. Later, Pierre Corneille introduced its use in comedy. It was metrically stricter, allowing no epic caesura:
o o o o o S | o o o o o S (e)
Typically, each hemistich also holds one secondary accent which may occur on any of the first five syllables, most frequently on the third; this frequently balanced four-part structure resulted in one of several monikers for the line: (in contradistinction to the or described below).
Often called the "classical alexandrine", , or , it became the dominant long line of French verse up to the end of the 19th century, and was "elevated to the status of national symbol and eventually came to typify French poetry overall". The classical alexandrine is always rhymed. The (rule of alternation of rhymes), which was a tendency in some poets before the Pléiade, was "firmly established by Ronsard in the sixteenth century and rigorously decreed by Malherbe in the seventeenth." It states that "a masculine rime cannot be immediately followed by a different masculine rime, or a feminine rime by a different feminine rime." This rule resulted in the preponderance of three rhyme schemes, though others are possible. (Masculine rhymes are given in lowercase, and feminine in CAPS):
or : aaBB
: aBaB (or AbAb)
aBBa (or AbbA)
These lines by Corneille (with formal paraphrase) exemplify classical alexandrines with rimes suivies:
Loosening strategies
The classical alexandrine was early recognized as having a prose-like effect, for example by Ronsard and Joachim du Bellay. This in part explains the strictness with which its prosodic rules (e.g. medial caesura and end rhyme) were kept; they were felt necessary to preserve its distinction and unity as verse. Nevertheless, several strategies for reducing the strictness of the verse form have been employed over the centuries.
Alexandrin ternaire
Although used in exceptional cases by some 17th-century French poets, Victor Hugo popularized the (also referred to as ) as an alternative rhythm to the classical alexandrine. Their famous self-descriptive line:
exemplifies the structure of the , which preserves the medial caesura with a word break, but de-emphasizes it by surrounding it with two stronger phrase breaks after syllables four and eight:
o o o S | o o ¦ o S | o o o S (e)
|=strong caesura; ¦=word break
Although generally embraced by the French Romantics and Symbolists, the remained a supplemental line, used within a classical alexandrine context and forming no more than one quarter of the alexandrine lines written during this time. Passages of classical alexandrines were still written by these poets, as for example this quatrain by Charles Baudelaire:
These three similar terms (in French and are homophones) designate distinct historical strategies to introduce more prosodic variety into French verse. All three involve verse forms beyond just the alexandrine, but just as the alexandrine was chief among lines, it is the chief target of these modifications.
(also , , or ) are found in a variety of minor and hybrid genres of the 17th and 18th century. The works are composed of lines of various lengths, without regularity in distribution or order; however, each individual line is perfectly metrical, and the rule of alternation of rhymes is followed. The result is somewhat analogous to the Pindarics of Abraham Cowley. Two of the most famous works written in are Jean de La Fontaine's Fables and Molière's Amphitryon.
was a mid-to-late-19th-century extension of the liberties begun to be taken by the Romantics with their embrace of the . The liberties taken included the weakening, movement, and erasure of caesurae, and rejection of the rule of alternation of rhymes. Although writers of consistently continued to use rhyme, many of them accepted categories of rhyme which were previously considered "careless" or unusual. The alexandrine was not their only metrical target; they also cultivated the use of — lines with an odd, rather than even, number of syllables. These uneven lines, though known from earlier French verse, were relatively uncommon and helped suggest a new rhythmic register.
is the source of the English term free verse, and is effectively identical in meaning. It can be seen as a radical extension of the tendencies of both (various and unpredictable line lengths) and (weakening of strictures for caesura and rhymes, as well as experimentation with unusual line lengths). Its birth — for the reading public at least — can be dated exactly: 1886; in this year, editor Gustave Kahn published several seminal poems in their review , including poems by Arthur Rimbaud (written over a decade previously) and Jules Laforgue, with more following in the next years. shed all metrical and prosodic constraints, such as verse length, rhyme, and caesura; Laforgue said, "I forget to rhyme, I forget about the number of syllables, I forget about stanzaic structure."
Notes
References
French poetry
Types of verses
Zhenxin Xincun () is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of South Qilianshan Road and Tongchuan Road in the city's Jiading District, the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30, 2021. It is currently the terminal station of the short-route trains of Line 14.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Jiading District
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Nightlife is a human social activity.
Nightlife or Night Life or Nite Life may also refer to:
Games
Nightlife (role-playing game), a splatterpunk game
Night Life (video game), the first adult game released in Japan
The Sims 2: Nightlife, the second expansion pack for the video game The Sims 2
Literature
Nightlife (novel), a fantasy novel by Rob Thurman
Nightlife, a novel by Thomas Perry
Nightlife.ca, a Canadian bilingual lifestyle magazine
Music
Nightlife (quartet), an American barbershop group
Albums
Night Life (Billy Butler album), and the title song
Nightlife (Cobra Verde album)
Nightlife (Erase Errata album), and the title song
Night Life (Jimi Hendrix album)
Nightlife (Karl Wolf album), and the title song
Night Life (Maxine Nightingale album)
Night Life (Outsidaz album), and the title song
Nightlife (Pet Shop Boys album)
Night Life (Ray Price album)
Nightlife (Thin Lizzy album), and the title song
Extended plays
Nightlife (EP), a 2011 EP by Phantogram
Songs
"Night Life" (Willie Nelson song), 1960
"Nightlife" (song), by IAMX
"Nightlife", by Aretha Franklin from Aretha Arrives
"Night Life", by Bobby Vinton from Bobby Vinton Sings for Lonely Nights
"Night Life", by Foreigner from 4
"Nightlife", by Green Day from ¡Dos!
"Nightlife", by Kenickie from At the Club
"Nightlife", by John Foxx from The Pleasures of Electricity
"Nightlife", by Scissor Sisters from Night Work
"Night Life", by The Miracles from City of Angels
"Night Life", by Zion I from Chapter 4
Other media
Nightlife, a painting by Archibald Motley, Jr
Night Life (1927 film), a silent American drama film
Night Life (1989 film), an American zombie film
Nightlife (radio program), an Australian late-night talkback radio show
Nightlife (talk show), a 1986–1987 syndicated American late-night television talk show starring David Brenner
The Nite Life, an Australian Christian pop radio program
Other uses
NightLife, a regularly scheduled event at the California Academy of Sciences
The Hiroshima Children's Museum (広島市こども文化科学館 Hiroshima-shi Kodomo Bunka Kagakukan) is a science museum for children in Hiroshima, Japan.
History
The museum opened in the new building of the Hiroshima City Children's Library in 1980.
Exhibitions
Exploration hall — for the sense of science — with amusing items and apparatus
Dreamland of the sky — for the basic science — sparks of the lightning, resonances of the lights and sounds
Dr.Scitech's happy Laboratory — for the applied science
Science of the Astronomy
Theater "Apollo hall" — for the concerts, plays, musicals and other events
Planetarium
The planetarium is on the 4th floor, with a diameter dome theater screen and 340 sheets
The main planetarium projector is Minolta-MS-20AT, and the all-sky monitor and video projectors
Programs (changed seasonally)
Starlights every Sunday
"Refretarium" (refresh with the planetarium with BGM), every Wednesday
Starlights short lives with piano playing or special guests, monthly every last Sunday
Concerts
Star Observations
Education programs for school students
Museum shop
Information and museum shop is on the 1st floor
Programs
Amateur radio club
Japan Institute of Invention and Innovation kids club Hiroshima
Super science museum
Internship for courage students
Youth science volunteer to help the events and programs
External links
Hiroshima Children's Museum
Museums established in 1980
1980 establishments in Japan
Museums in Hiroshima
Children's museums in Japan
Science museums in Japan
Planetaria in Japan
Anne Grete Preus (22 May 1957 – 25 August 2019) was a Norwegian rock singer in Norway in the 1980s and 1990s, first as member of the bands Veslefrikk and Can Can and later as a solo act. They released nine solo albums and won the Spellemannprisen multiple times. In 2008 they appeared as a narrator in an Arts Alliance production, id - Identity of the Soul. They contracted liver cancer in 2007. In early 2019 they had to cancel the planned concerts for the summer due to illness.
Awards and honors
Gammleng Award i åpen klasse i 1992
Kardemommestipendiet i 1992
Spellemannprisen 1994 i klassene kvinnelig artist for Millimeter
Spellemannprisen 1994 i klassen årets album for Millimeter
Spellemannprisen 1994 i klassen årets hit for Millimeter
Tekstforfatterfondets ærespris i 2006
Norsk Artistforbund Ærespris i 2007
Prøysenprisene i 2007
Edvardprisen i klassen populærmusikk for albumet Om igjen for første gang
Bibliography
Stråets lengde. Skisser fra et liv ["the length of the straw. Sketches from a life"] (2020, posthumous). The collection of texts by Preus, was written with an autobiography in mind, according to media.
Discography
1984: Snart 17 (Transmission)
1988: Fullmåne (Warner)
1989: Lav Sol! Høy Himmel (Warner)
1991: Og Høsten Kommer Tidsnok (Warner)
1994: Millimeter (Warner)
1994: Anne Grete Preus (Warner)
1996: Millimeter (Warner)
1996: Vrimmel (Warner)
1999: Verden Er Et Vakkert Sted (Virgin Music)
2001: Alfabet (Warner)
2004: Når Dagen Roper (Worner)
2007: Om Igjen For Første Gang (Warner)
2009: Nesten Alene (Warner)
2013: Et Sted Å Feste Blikket (Warner)
References
1957 births
2019 deaths
Musicians from Haugesund
Norwegian women singers
Norwegian women guitarists
Norwegian multi-instrumentalists
Spellemannprisen winners
Deaths from liver cancer
Deaths from cancer in Norway
Kpong is a town in the Lower Manya Krobo District of the Eastern Region of Ghana and particularly noted for the Kpong Dam
References
See also
Populated places in the Eastern Region (Ghana)
Gabriel Sebastian Tamaș (; born 9 November 1983) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești.
They started out as a senior at FC Brașov in the 1998–99 season, and has since represented seventeen other teams throughout their career. In addition to their native country, they have played in Turkey, Russia, Spain, France, England and Israel, respectively. Tamaș won seven domestic trophies combined with rival sides Dinamo București and FCSB in Romania, and their honours also include the Israel State Cup and the Israeli Super Cup with Hapoel Haifa.
A Romanian international for 15 years, they totalled 67 caps and three goals for the nation and was chosen in the squad for the UEFA Euro 2008.
Club career
Early career
Tamaș began their senior career in the second league with hometown clubs FC Brașov and Tractorul Brașov. They transferred to Divizia A team Dinamo București in the summer of 2002, spending a season in the capital before earning a move abroad to Turkish side Galatasaray.
Spartak Moscow, Auxerre and various loans
Tamaș moved to Russian Premier League club Spartak Moscow in January 2004, but after playing 15 matches they returned to Dinamo București in the summer on a one-and-a-half-year loan. Tamaș again moved out on loan to Spanish team Celta Vigo for the 2006–07 season.
At the start of the following campaign, Tamaș signed for Auxerre in the Ligue 1. After their first year in France, they again returned to Dinamo București on a season-long loan. Their deal was extended for another year and was also elected captain by their teammates.
Their third stint at Dinamo was interrupted prematurely in December 2009, and they signed on loan for West Bromwich Albion on 1 January 2010. Tamaș made their debut on 8 January, in a 1–3 Football League Championship loss to Nottingham Forest. They scored their first goal in a 1–1 draw at Reading, on 27 March.
England and FCSB
On 19 May 2010, Tamaș signed a three-year contract with the option of another year for West Bromwich Albion. On 11 September 2011, they elbowed James Vaughan in the face inside their own penalty area in a match against Norwich City; the referee gave no penalty, but Tamaș was handed a three-match ban for violent conduct. They terminated their contract with WBA by mutual consent in September 2013. The following month, they only spent a week at CFR Cluj after being dismissed because of an incident in a bar.
On 17 January 2014, Tamaș continued in England by signing for Doncaster Rovers. Upon the expiry of their contract, they moved to Watford on a one-year agreement effective from 1 July 2014. After nursing a cruciate knee ligament injury for several months, they left Watford in January 2015. On 15 January 2015, Tamaș signed a two-year contract with FC Steaua București—the cross-town rival of their former club Dinamo—but only made ten league appearances in the remainder of the campaign before leaving.
On 26 August 2015, Tamaș returned to the Football League Championship with Cardiff City on a one-year contract with the option of a further year. During the first half of the season, Tamaș only appeared for the development squad and wasn't involved in the first-team trainings starting from November, resulting in their frustration and claiming they wanted to leave the Welsh capital. They eventually made their debut in a 0–1 FA Cup loss to Shrewsbury Town on 10 January.
On 1 February 2016, Cardiff City announced that their contract was terminated by mutual consent. Tamaș then returned to Steaua București on the condition that they would address their alcohol issues and attend Church on Sundays.
Late career
Between 2017 and 2019, Tamaș featured for Israeli Premier League team Hapoel Haifa, where they aided to two domestic honours. During the latter year, they returned to Romania with Astra Giurgiu, and has also had spells with Universitatea Cluj, Voluntari and Petrolul Ploiești.
International career
Tamaș was handed their Romania national team debut by Anghel Iordănescu on 12 February 2003, coming on as a substitute for Cosmin Contra in the 90+1st minute of a 2–1 friendly defeat of Slovakia. After appearing in five games at the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, manager Victor Pițurcă chose them as a starter in all ten matches of the successful UEFA Euro 2008 qualifiers, where Romania finished first in its group. They scored two goals, one in a 2–1 away victory against Slovenia and one in a 6–1 home victory over Albania.
On 25 March 2008, Tamaș was decorated by Romanian president Traian Băsescu for their performances in the Euro 2008 qualifiers; they received Medalia "Meritul Sportiv" – ("The Sportive Merit" Medal) class III. They featured in all three matches at the final tournament, as their nation left the competition in the group stage after two draws with France and Italy and a loss to the Netherlands.
Tamaș played four games at the 2010 World Cup qualifiers, and scored their last goal for the national team in a 3–2 friendly loss to Ukraine in Lviv, on 29 May 2010. In the following years, they amassed eight caps at the Euro 2012 qualifiers, four at the 2014 World Cup qualifiers and two at the Euro 2016 qualifiers. Their last two appearances were in 2018, being called up by their former teammate Cosmin Contra for the inaugural season of the Nations League. Tamaș played in a 2–1 away victory over Lithuania and in a goalless draw with Serbia, receiving a red card in the 44th minute of the latter game.
Personal life
Tamaș is known for their controversial lifestyle outside the football pitch, their numerous nights of drinking out and provoking fights or material damages often making the headlines of Romanian media.
In October 2003, Tamaș was involved in a fight in a nightclub in their native Brașov, with the man they fought needing hospitalisation and a surgery to the face. In November 2004, they devastated a Poiana Brașov restaurant together with a group of friends after they were denied entrance. In November 2005, after playing for Dinamo București in a 1–1 draw with Jiul Petroșani, Tamaș went to party in a nightclub in Brașov and caused a scandal, nearly starting a fight.
On 14 February 2009, Tamaș was expelled to the reserves of Dinamo București after drinking alcohol and causing a scandal in the team's training camp in Turkey. In July 2010, they got intoxicated and started a fight with the waiters at their brother's wedding. In December that year, they phisically abused their then-girlfriend in a nightclub in Bucharest after accusing them of infidelity.
In June 2011, they overslept and missed the flight for the national team's tournament in South America after partying until dawn in a nightclub in Poiana Brașov. On 11 August that year, Tamaș and their teammate Adrian Mutu were excluded from the Romania squad after they were caught drinking in a bar the previous night, while the national team was preparing for a friendly match against San Marino. Their suspension was lifted after three games.
In May 2013, after partying in a Bucharest nightclub, Tamaș tried to enter a block of flats for shelter. The cleaners denied them access, so they broke in the door, went up to the first floor and fell asleep on the stairway. They were taken to the police station, where they caused a scandal by yelling at and insulting the officers. They received an eight-month suspended sentence for their acts.
In October 2013, Tamaș was drinking in a bar in Bucharest with their national team colleague Daniel Pancu, and later that night they started fighting each other. One week later, they signed a one-year contract with CFR Cluj, but the club dismissed them shortly after they and their teammate Florin Costea caused an incident in a local pub. On the night of the 2014 New Year's Eve, Tamaș got into a fight in the lobby of a restaurant in Brașov.
During their first spell at FC Steaua București, they were dismissed after missing a training session following a night out; manager Mirel Rădoi stated that Tamaș lied to them by claiming that their phone alarm did not ring. On 23 March 2019, during their time in Israel, Tamaș was arrested by the police after driving their car at 205 km/h, having a 0.66 mg of alcohol per liter of exhaled air. They spent a week in jail, after which they stayed in house arrest for a month and was sentenced to two months of community service.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Romania's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Tamaș goal.
Honours
Dinamo București
Cupa României: 2002–03, 2004–05
Supercupa României: 2005
Spartak Moscow
Russian Super Cup runner-up: 2006
FCSB
Liga I: 2014–15
Cupa României: 2014–15
Supercupa României runner-up: 2015
Cupa Ligii: 2014–15, 2015–16
Hapoel Haifa
Israel State Cup: 2017–18
Israeli Super Cup: 2018
Voluntari
Cupa României runner-up: 2021–22
Individual
Romanian Defender of the Year: 2016
References
External links
1983 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Brașov
Romanian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Brașov (1936) players
FC Dinamo București players
Galatasaray S.K. footballers
FC Spartak Moscow players
RC Celta de Vigo players
AJ Auxerre players
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
CFR Cluj players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
FC Steaua București players
Cardiff City F.C. players
Hapoel Haifa F.C. players
FC Astra Giurgiu players
FC Universitatea Cluj players
FC Petrolul Ploiești players
Liga I players
Liga II players
Süper Lig players
Russian Premier League players
La Liga players
Ligue 1 players
Israeli Premier League players
English Football League players
Premier League players
Romania youth international footballers
Romania under-21 international footballers
Romania international footballers
UEFA Euro 2008 players
Romanian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Turkey
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Expatriate footballers in France
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in France
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in England
Romanian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Dickie-roi is a 1981 French miniseries.
Cast
Dave as Dickie-Roi
Erick Desmarestz as Roger Jannequin
Louison Roblin as Janine
Catherine Jacob as Anne-Marie
Jean Benguigui as Alex
Bernard Bauronne as M. Maurice
Pierre Belot as M. Guérin
Anne-Marie Jabraud as Mme Guérin
Yves Bureau as Vanhof
Liliane Coutanceau as Lucette
Pauline Delfau as Pauline
Luc Etienne as Martial
Patrick Guillaumes as Jean-Pierre
Marine Jolivet as Adeline
Yves Marchand as Claude Wahl
Renaud Marx as Dirk
Nathalie Mazeas as Thérèse
Jacqueline Rouillard as Elsa
André Falcon as Simon Véry
Marion Game as Marie Lou
Hugues Quester as Dan
René Morard as Serge
Axelle Abbadie as Christine
Gérard Caillaud as Father Paul
Alain David as Jo
Mireille Delcroix as Colette
André Landais as François
Michel Beaune as M. Hollmann
André Reybaz as The Count of Sain
Victor Garrivier as Pierre Lefèvre
Louis Lyonnet as Attilio Faraggi
Jacques Alric as Jean-Marie Lomelin
André Chanal as Hubert Agnel
Joseph Falcucci as The bartender
Production
This miniseries is based on the novel written by Françoise Mallet-Joris.
References
External links
1980s French television miniseries
1980s French television series
1981 French television series debuts
1981 French television series endings
Looking for Mr. Goodbar is a novel by American writer Judith Rossner. Published in 1975, the book—a "stunning psychological study of a woman's passive complicity in their own death" —won critical acclaim and was a #1 New York Times best seller.
Plot summary
Theresa "Terry" Dunn, a young woman living in New York City, leads a double life: by day they are a devoted schoolteacher, but by night they cruise singles bars. Eventually, just as they are trying to make a new start, Terry is murdered by a young drifter that they have just met and invited home.
Prior to these events, which the book details, Theresa is a child suffering from ugly-duckling syndrome, followed by an ordeal as an adult in college in which they are engaged in a committed relationship with a married man who is using them as a companion. The relationship ends, and Theresa experiences a bevy of sexual encounters that are both fleeting and pathological.
Background
By 1973, having published three novels, Judith Rossner was a writer of "impeccable literary credentials." Invited by Nora Ephron to contribute to a special women's issue of Esquire magazine, Rossner wrote an article about a real-life murder that had sparked their interest, that of schoolteacher Roseann Quinn, who had been brutally slain in January 1973 by a man that they had purportedly picked up in a singles bar. In the end, Esquire, fearing legal ramifications, decided not to publish the article, so Rossner decided to write a novel instead.
Reception
Looking for Mr. Goodbar was published by Simon & Schuster on June 2, 1975, to positive reviews. Carol Eisen Rinzler, in The New York Times, said the book was "a complex and chilling portrait of a woman's descent into hell... full of insight and intelligence and illumination." Time magazine wrote, "it is a rare kind of book: both a compelling 'page turner' and a superior roman à clef." Newsweek found the book to be a "hard, fast, frightening read."
Looking for Mr. Goodbar was also a commercial blockbuster: on June 22, 1975, it entered the New York Times best seller list, and would remain there for 36 weeks, three of those weeks at #1. It sold over 4 million copies, becoming the fourth highest-selling novel of the year.
Adaptations
Paramount Pictures purchased film rights to the novel for $250,000. The film, written and directed by Richard Brooks, was released in 1977, and starred Diane Keaton, Tuesday Weld, William Atherton, Richard Gere, and Tom Berenger. The film received mixed reviews, but was a success at the box office, earning $22.5 million (the equivalent of $86.9 million in 2016). It garnered two Academy Award nominations: Best Supporting Actress (Tuesday Weld) and Best Cinematography (by William A. Fraker); neither won. Rossner themselves "detested" the film adaptation of their novel but praised Keaton's performance. A semi-sequel, Trackdown: Finding the Goodbar Killer, was produced six years later but otherwise disassociates itself from the original novel, as mentioned in an opening disclaimer.
In 2012, the novel was adapted as Goodbar, a "staged concept album" by the band Bambi and the performing arts group Waterwell. It was presented at The Public Theater in New York as part of the Under the Radar Festival.
Notes
References
Fiction set in 1973
1975 American novels
American novels adapted into films
Novels set in New York City
Non-fiction novels about murders in the United States
Sexuality in novels
Simon & Schuster books
Yuxi railway station () is a railway station in Hongta District, Yuxi, Yunnan, China.
History
Prior to opening, the station was known as Yuxi West. On 16 November 2016, the station was renamed Yuxi. The station formerly named Yuxi was simultaneously renamed Yuxi West railway station. Yuxi railway station opened on 15 December 2016. Simultaneously, Yuxi West railway station was closed to passengers.
The Yuxi–Mohan railway was opened on December 3, 2021.
References
Railway stations in Yunnan
Railway stations in China opened in 2016
Jacquelyn C. Campbell, PhD, MSN, RN, (born August 26, 1946) is an American academic nurse known for their research on domestic violence and violence against women, especially cases of such violence that end in homicide.  They are professor and the Anna D. Wolf Chair at the Johns Hopkins School of Nursing.  They are also the national program director for the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation's Nurse Faculty Scholars program.
Work
In 1985, Campbell developed the Danger Assessment, a questionnaire that is among the first tools designed to assess a woman's risk of being killed by an abusive partner. It is also designed to give women more of a role in planning their own safety, and to give them more personalized help. They also developed the "Lethality Assessment Program", which is intended to be administered by police when they arrive at domestic violence incidents. The program has since been adopted by multiple police departments in Maryland. They helped design the ARC3 Survey, which provides universities a free way to measure the occurrences and effects of sexual assault on their campuses.
Honors and awards
Campbell was elected to the Institute of Medicine in 2000, and is a member of its Board of Global Health.  They are also a member of the American Academy of Nursing. They have been named a Pathfinder Distinguished Researcher by the National Institute of Nursing Research, and has received Outstanding Alumna and Distinguished Contributions to Nursing Science Awards from the Duke University School of Nursing, as well as the American Society of Criminology's Vollmer Award. They were also one of the 17 inaugural Gilman Scholars named by Johns Hopkins.
Works
Jacquelyn C Campbell's research while affiliated with Johns Hopkins University and other places (list) at ResearchGate
References
Living people
American nurses
American women nurses
Domestic violence academics
Johns Hopkins University faculty
1946 births
Duke University alumni
Wright State University alumni
University of Rochester alumni
Members of the National Academy of Medicine
American women academics
21st-century American women
[Johann] Ignaz Albrecht (born 1759) was an Austrian engraver active from ca. 1789.  They are listed as an engraver in the various Viennese Kommerzialschematismen until 1814. The "Verlassenschaftsabhandlungen" and the "Totenbeschauprotokolle" in the Wiener Stadt- und Landesarchiv reveal that two of Albrecht's children died in 1791 and a third died in 1796. During this period the residence of this "Kupferstecher" is given as "auf der Wieden No. 312."
Albrecht engraved almanacs, maps, coats-of-arms, and numerous theater scenes for the multi-volume Theatralische Sammlung (Vienna: Joh. Jos. Jahn) from c. 1789-1793. Some 184 of their engravings were published in two volumes as Das Deutsche Theater in Bildern in 1802. They also engraved the Allmanach für Theaterfreunde auf das Jahr 1791, the Atlas von Italien mit einem dazugehörigen nach A. F. Buschings grossen Erdbeschreibung geographischen Anhange in 1796, the Versuch über das Kostüm der vorzüglichsten Volker des Alterthums, des Mittelalter und der neuern Zeiten (3/1798), and Ferdinand Bernhard Vietz's Icones plantarum medico-oeconomico-technologicarum, 1800--.
Albrecht is often confused in the standard biographical literature with the Austrian illustrator, engraver, printer and publisher Ignaz Alberti (1760-1794).
References
David J. Buch, "Newly-identified Engravings of Scenes from Emanuel Schikaneder's Theater auf der Wieden 1789-1790 in the Allmanach für Theaterfreunde (1791)," in Theater am Hof und für das Volk. Beiträge zur vergleichenden Theater- und Kulturgeschichte. Festschrift für Otto G. Schindler zum 60.Geburtstag, ed. Brigitte Marschall. Vienna: Böhlau, 2002, 343-69.
Johannes Dörflinger, Die österreichische Kartographie im 18. Und zu Beginn des 19. Jahrhunderts: Bd. Österreichische Karten des 18. Jahrhunderts, 1984, p. 107
External links
"Icones Plantarum Medico-Oeconomico-Technologicarum" download
"Icones Plantarum" description - Christa Kletter (University of Vienna, 2011)
Austrian engravers
1759 births
Year of death missing
Mario Leitner (born 2 February 1997) is an Austrian slalom canoeist who has competed at the international level since 2012.
They won a bronze medal in extreme K1 at the 2021 World Championships in Bratislava. They also won a silver medal in the same event at the 2022 European Championships in Liptovský Mikuláš.
Leitner finished 13th in the K1 event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
Leitner was introduced to canoeing by their father at age three, and joined a club aged five. In 2014 they won the Austrian Youth Sports Award after winning a gold medal at the junior world championships. They were the first male Austrian canoeist to win that title. Their older sister Lisa also competes in canoe slalom.
World Cup individual podiums
References
External links
Mario LEITNER at CanoeSlalom.net
1997 births
Living people
Austrian male canoeists
Olympic canoeists of Austria
Canoeists at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships
People from Sankt Veit an der Glan
Sportspeople from Carinthia (state)
The following is a partial list of articles for state schools in the unitary council areas of City of Aberdeen, City of Dundee, City of Edinburgh and City of Glasgow in Scotland, United Kingdom.
You may also find :Category:Schools in Scotland of use to find a particular school. See also the List of the oldest schools in the United Kingdom.
By unitary council area.
Note that the allocations to address and council area may not be accurate in every case and you can help if you have access to local directories.
City of Aberdeen
see also List of schools in Aberdeen
Primary schools
Abbotswell School
Airyhall School
Ashley Road School
Braehead School
Bramble Brae School
Brimmond School
Broomhill School
Charleston School
Cornhill School
Culter School
Cults School
Danestone School
Dyce School
Fernielea School
Ferryhill School
Forehill School
Gilcomstoun School
Glashieburn School
Greenbrae School
Hanover Street School
Hazlehead School
Heathryburn School
Holy Family RC School
Kaimhill School
Kingsford School
Kingswells School
Kirkhill School
Kittybrewster School
Loirston School
Manor Park School
Middleton Park School
Mile-End School
Milltimber School
Muirfield School
Quarryhill School
Riverbank School
Scotstown School
Seaton School
Skene Square School
St Joseph's R.C. School
St Peter's RC School
Stoneywood School
Sunnybank School
Tullos School
Walker Road School
Westpark School
Woodside School
Secondary schools
Aberdeen Grammar School
Bridge of Don Academy
Bucksburn Academy
Cults Academy
Dyce Academy
Harlaw Academy
Hazlehead Academy
Lochside Academy
Northfield Academy
Oldmachar Academy
St Machar Academy
City of Dundee
see also List of schools in Dundee
Primary schools
Ancrum Road Primary School
Ardler Primary School
Ballumbie Primary School
Barnhill Primary School
Blackness Primary School
Camperdown Primary School
Claypotts Castle Primary School
Clepington Primary School
Craigiebarns Primary School
Craigowl Primary School
Dens Road Primary School
Downfield Primary School
Eastern Primary School
Fintry Primary School
Forthill Primary School
Glebelands Primary School
Longhaugh Primary School
Mill of Mains Primary School
Our Lady's RC Primary School
Rosebank Primary School
Rowantree Primary School
Sidlaw View Primary School
SS Peter & Paul RC Primary School
St Andrew's RC Primary School
St Clement's RC Primary School
St Francis RC Primary School
St Fergus' RC Primary School
St Joseph's RC Primary School
St Mary's RC Primary School
St Ninian's RC Primary School
St Pius RC Primary School
Tayview Primary School
Victoria Park Primary School
Secondary schools
Baldragon Academy
Braeview Academy
Craigie High School
Grove Academy
Harris Academy
Morgan Academy
St John's Roman Catholic High School
St Paul's Roman Catholic Academy
City of Edinburgh
see also List of schools in Edinburgh
Primary schools
Abbeyhill Primary School
Balgreen Primary School
Blackhall Primary School
Bonaly Primary School
Broomhouse Primary School
Broughton Primary School
Brunstane Primary School
Bruntsfield Primary School
Buckstone Primary School
Canal View Primary School
Carrick Knowe Primary School
Castleview Primary School
Clermiston Primary School
Clovenstone Primary School
Colinton Primary School
Corstorphine Primary School
Craigentinny Primary School
Craiglockhart Primary School
Craigour Park Primary School
Craigroyston Primary School
Cramond Primary School
Currie Primary School
Dalmeny Primary School
Dalry Primary School
Davidson's Mains Primary School
Dean Park Primary School
Duddingston Primary School
East Craigs Primary School
Echline Primary School
Ferryhill Primary School
Flora Stevenson Primary School
Forthview Primary School
Fox Covert Primary School
Frogston Primary School
Gilmerton Primary School
Gracemount Primary School
Granton Primary School
Gylemuir Primary School
Hermitage Park Primary School
Hillwood Primary School
Holy Cross RC Primary School
James Gillespie's Primary School
Juniper Green Primary School
Kirkliston Primary School
Leith Primary School
Leith Walk Primary School
Liberton Primary School
Longstone Primary School
Lorne Primary School
Murrayburn Primary School
Nether Currie Primary School
Newcraighall Primary School
Niddrie Mill Primary School
Oxgangs Primary School
Parsons Green Primary School
Pentland Primary School
Pirniehall Primary School
Preston Street Primary School
Prestonfield Primary School
Queensferry Primary School
Ratho Primary School
Roseburn Primary School
Royal Mile Primary School
Sciennes Primary School
Sighthill Primary School
South Morningside Primary School
St Andrew's Fox Covert RC Primary School
St Catherine's RC Primary School
St Cuthbert's RC Primary School
St David's RC Primary School
St Francis' RC Primary School
St John Vianney RC Primary School
St John's RC Primary School
St Joseph's RC Primary School
St Margaret's RC Primary School
St Mark's RC Primary School
St Mary's RC Primary School (Edinburgh)
St Mary's RC Primary School (Leith)
St Ninian's RC Primary School
St Peter's RC Primary School
Stenhouse Primary School
Stockbridge Primary School
The Royal High Primary School
Tollcross Primary School
Towerbank Primary School
Trinity Primary School
Victoria Primary School
Wardie Primary School
Secondary schools
Balerno Community High School
Boroughmuir High School
Broughton High School
Castlebrae Community High School
Craigmount High School
Craigroyston Community High School
Currie Community High School
Drummond Community High School
Firrhill High School
Forrester High School
Gracemount High School
Holy Rood High School
James Gillespie's High School
Leith Academy
Liberton High School
Portobello High School
Queensferry High School
St Augustine's High School
St Thomas of Aquin's High School
The Royal High School
Trinity Academy
Tynecastle High School
Wester Hailes Education Centre
Special schools
Braidburn School
Edinburgh Secure Services (Howdenhall)
Gorgie Mills School
Kaimes School
Oaklands School
Pilrig Park School
Prospect Bank School
Redhall School
Rowanfield School
St Crispin's School
Woodlands School
City of Glasgow
Primary schools
Alexandra Parade Primary School
Anderston Primary School
Annette Street Primary School
Antonine Primary School
Ashpark Primary School
Aultmore Park Primary School
Avenue End Primary School
Balornock Primary School
Bankhead Primary School
Barmulloch Primary School
Battlefield Primary School
Blackfriars Primary School
Blairdardie Primary School
Broomhill Primary School
Broomlea Primary School
Bun-sgoil Ghàidhlig Bhaile a' Ghobhainn (Govan Gaelic Primary School)
Cadder Primary School
Caldercuilt Primary School
Caledonia Primary School
Camstradden Primary School
Cardonald Primary School
Carmunnock Primary School
Carmyle Primary School
Carntyne Primary School
Castleton Primary School
Chirnsyde Primary School
Cleeves Primary School
Clyde Primary School
Corpus Christi Primary School
Crookston Castle Primary School
Craigton Primary School
Cranhill Primary School
Croftcroighn Primary School
Croftfoot Primary School
Cuthbertson Primary School
Dalmarnock Primary School
Darnley Primary School and Visual Impairment Unit
Drummore Primary School
Dunard Primary School
Eastbank Primary School
Eastmuir Primary School
Elmvale Primary School
Garnetbank Primary School
Garrowhill Primary School
Glasgow Gaelic School/ Sgoil Ghàidhlig Ghlaschu
Glendale Gaelic Primary School
Glendale Primary School
Golfhill Primary School
Gowanbank Primary School
Haghill Park Primary School
Hampden Primary School
Highpark Primary School
Hillhead Primary School
Hillington Primary School
Holy Cross Primary School
Howford Primary School
Hyndland Primary School
Ibrox Primary School
John Paul II Primary School
Kelbourne Park Primary School
Kelvindale Primary School
King's Park Primary School
Kirkriggs Primary School
Knightswood Primary School
Langfaulds Primary School
Langlands Primary School
Langside Primary School
Lorne Street Primary School
Lourdes Primary School
Merrylee Primary School
Miller Primary School
Miltonbank Primary School
Mosspark Primary School
Mount Florida Primary School
Mount Vernon Primary School
Notre Dame Primary School
Oakgrove Primary School
Oakwood Primary School
Our Lady of the Annunciation Primary School
Our Lady of Peace Primary School
Our Lady of the Rosary Primary School
Parkview Primary School
Pirie Park Primary
Pollokshields Primary School
Quarry Brae Primary School
Riverbank Primary School
Riverside Primary School
Royston Primary School
Sacred Heart Primary School
Sandaig Primary School
Sandwood Primary School
Saracen Primary School
Scotstoun Primary School
Shawlands Primary School
Sunnyside Primary School
Swinton Primary School
St Albert's Primary School
St Angela's Primary School
St Anne's Primary School
St Bartholomew's Primary School
St Benedict's Primary School
St Bernard's Primary School
St Blane's Primary School
St Brendan's Primary School
St Bride's Primary School
St Brigid's Primary School
St Bridget's Primary School
St Catherine's Primary School
St Charles' Primary School
St Clare's Primary School
St Constantine's Primary School
St Conval's Primary School
St Cuthbert's Primary School
St Denis' Primary School
St Fillan's Primary School
St Francis' Primary School
St Francis of Assisi Primary School
St George's Primary School
St Joachim's Primary School
St Joseph's Primary School
St Kevin's Primary School
St Marnock's Primary School
St Martha's Primary School
St Mary's Primary School
St Maria Goretti Primary School
St Michael's Primary School
St Mirin's Primary School
St Monica's (Pollok) Primary School
St Monica's (Milton) Primary School
St Mungo's Primary School
St Ninian's Primary School
St Patrick's Primary School
St Paul's (Shettleston) Primary School
St Paul's (Whiteinch) Primary School
St Philomena's Primary School
St Roch's Primary School
St Rose of Lima Primary School
St Saviour's Primary School
St Stephen's Primary School
St Teresa's Primary School
St Thomas' Primary School
St Timothy's Primary School
St Vincent's Primary School
Thorntree Primary School
Thornwood Primary School
Tinto Primary School
Toryglen Primary School
Wallacewell Primary School
Wellshot Primary School
Whiteinch Primary School
Secondary schools
Non-denominational schools
Abercorn Secondary School
Bannerman High School
Bellahouston Academy
Cartvale Secondary School
Castlemilk High School
Cleveden Secondary School
Drumchapel High School
Eastbank Academy
Govan High School
Hillhead High School
Hillpark Secondary School
Hollybrook Academy
Hyndland Secondary School
King's Park Secondary School
Knightswood Secondary School
Linburn Academy
Lochend Community High School
Parkhill Secondary School
Rosshall Academy
Shawlands Academy
Smithycroft Secondary School
Springburn Academy
Trinity High School
Whitehill Secondary School
Roman Catholic schools
All Saints Secondary School
Cardinal Winning Secondary School
Holyrood Secondary School
John Paul Academy
Lourdes Secondary School
Notre Dame High School
St Andrew's Secondary School
St Margaret Mary's Secondary School
St Mungo's Academy
St Oswald's Secondary School
St Paul's High School
St Roch's Secondary School
St Thomas Aquinas Secondary School
Gaelic School
Glasgow Gaelic School (Sgoil Ghàidhlig Ghlaschu)
Special schools
Easterhouse
Newhills School
Area unspecified
Special schools
Ladywell School
See also
List of independent schools in Scotland
List of state schools in Scotland (council areas excluding cities, A–D)
List of state schools in Scotland (council areas excluding cities, E–H)
List of state schools in Scotland (council areas excluding cities, I–R)
List of state schools in Scotland (council areas excluding cities, S–W)
List of Catholic schools in Scotland
Education in the United Kingdom
Education in Scotland
Education Scotland
External links
The website UK Schools & Colleges Database lists currently operating state (and some independent) schools by Local Education Authority and also links to websites of individual schools where available.
State schools
Schools in Scotland by council area
The Northern Division of the Queensland Rugby League is responsible for administering the game of rugby league in North Queensland, specifically in the area from Sarina in the south to Cape York and the Torres Strait Islands in the north and west to Mount Isa as well as into the Gulf Communities. There are over 8000 registered players across 36 senior clubs and 39 junior clubs in this division.
The Northern Division is responsible for the historic Foley Shield competition that is held each year. Mid West and Mount Isa play in the Toyota Outback Carnival.
Team of the Century
In 2008, the centennial year of rugby league football in Australia, the Northern Division named its team of the century:
1. Ray Laird (Mackay, NQ, Qld, Aus)
2. Kerry Boustead (Innisfail, NQ, Qld, Aus)
3. Alan Gill (Cairns, NQ, Qld, Aus)
4. Gary Wellington (Burdekin, Herbert River, Qld, Aus)
5. Dale Shearer (Sarina, NQ, Qld, Aus)
6. Bob Banks (Charters Towers, Tully, Cairns, NQ, Qld, Aus)
7. Arch Foley (Townsville, NQ, Qld – career cut short by World War I)
8. Martin Bella (Sarina, NQ, Qld, Aus)
9. Brian Fitzsimons (Cairns, Ayr, Qld, Aus)
10. Dan Clifford (Tully, NQ, Qld)
11. Jim Paterson (Townsville, Innisfail, Herbert River, NQ, Qld, Aus)
12. Angelo Crema (Tully, NQ, Qld, Aus)
13. Kel O'Shea (Ayr, Qld, NSW, Aus)
Reserves:
14. Lionel Williamson (Innisfail, NQ, Qld, Aus)
15. Matt Bowen (NQ Cowboys, Qld, Aus)
16. Marshall Colwell (Mackay, Townsville, NQ, Qld)
17. Greg Dowling (Herbert River, Innisfail, NQ, Qld, Aus)
Cairns District Rugby League
Seniors
The C.D.R.L (the Marlins) is the governing body for the Cairns eleven club senior competition, which has three grades: A-grade, reserves and colts (under 18's).
All finals matches are played at Barlow Park.
Cairns is represented in the Queensland Cup and Mal Meninga Cup (Under 18's) state leagues by the Northern Pride.
Atherton Roosters
Cairns Brothers
Edmonton Storm
Innisfail Brothers
Ivanhoes Knights
Kangaroos RLFC
Mareeba Gladiators
Mossman/Pt Douglas Sharks
Southern Suburbs
Tully Tigers
Yarrabah Seahawks
Juniors
The Cairns District Junior Rugby League (the Crocodiles) runs a twelve club junior competitions with grades ranging from under 6's to under 16's.
Cairns' juniors compete in the Cyril Connell Cup state league as the Northern Pride.
Babinda Colts
Cairns Brothers
Cairns Kangaroos
Central Scorpions
Edmonton Storm
Innisfail Brothers
Innisfail Cowboys
Ivanhoes Knights
Redlynch Razorbacks
Mossman Sharks
Southern Suburbs
Yarrabah Seahawks
Eacham Junior Rugby League
Eacham Junior Rugby League is the governing body for seven club junior rugby leagues on the Atherton Tablelands. The home grounds of Eacham Junior Rugby League are the Atherton Junior Rugby League grounds. The name of the Eacham Junior Rugby League comes from a senior competition dating back to the early twentieth which comprised senior clubs from Mareeba, Atherton, Malanda and Millaa Millaa. As of 2021 the Only remaining teams in the Eacham Junior League are, Ravenshoe, Herberton, Malanda and Atherton. With Cooktown, Kuranda being dysfunct and Mareeba going back into the Cairns district League.
Atherton
Herberton
Malanda
Ravenshoe
Innisfail Junior Rugby League
Former 4 team competition based around Innisfail now part of the CDJRL
Mackay & District Rugby League
Senior clubs
The Mackay & District Rugby League (the Sea Eagles) runs an eight club senior competition of three grades, A-Grade, reserve grade and colts (under 18's) and selects representative teams to compete in the yearly Foley Shield.
It also selects the winner of the Paton Medal.
Mackay is also represented in the Queensland Cup and Mal Meninga Cup (Under 18's) state leagues by the Mackay Cutters.
Mackay Brothers FC
Magpies RLFC
Moranbah RLFC
Northern Suburbs RLFC
Proserpine Brahmans RLFC
Sarina RLFC
Southern Suburbs RLFC
Western Suburbs RLFC
Juniors
The Mackay Junior Rugby League (the Junior Sea Eagles) runs a nine club juniors competitions with grades ranging from under 6's to under 16's.
Mackay's juniors compete in the Cyril Connell Cup state league as the Mackay Cutters.
Brothers Bulldogs JRLFC
Moranbah Miners JRLFC
North Mackay Magpies JRLFC
Northern Suburbs JRLFC
Proserpine Brahmans JRLFC
Sarina JRLFC
Southern Suburbs JRLFC
Walkerston Wanderers JRLFC
Western Districts JRLFC
Townsville & District Rugby League
Seniors
The Townsville & District Rugby League runs an Eight club senior competition of three grades: A-Grade, reserve grade, under 19's and colts (under 18's) and selects representative teams to compete in the yearly Foley Shield and Mal Meninga Cup (Under 18's) state league as the Townsville Stingers.
Burdekin
Centrals ASA
Charters Towers
Herbert River Crushers
North Devils
Townsville Brothers
University
Western Lions
Juniors
The Townsville & District Junior Rugby League (the Kangaroos) runs a ten club juniors competitions with grades ranging from under 6's to under 16's.
Townsville's juniors compete in the Cyril Connell Cup state league formally as the Townsville Stingers, but now go by Mendi Townsville & Districts Blackhawks.
Abergowrie
Bowen
Burdekin
Centrals A.S.A
Charters Towers
Herbert River
North Thuringowa Devils
Townsville Brothers
United Suburbs
Upper Ross
Western Lions
See also
Rugby leagues in Queensland
References
External links
Queensland Rugby League
North Queensland
Far North Queensland
Gulf of Carpentaria
North West Queensland
The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC, IAST: Puṇe Mahānagarpālikā) is the civic body that governs the inner limits of Pune, India. It is in charge of the civic needs and infrastructure of the metropolis, which is spread over an area of 484.61 sq. km. and has 3.4 million residents. Established on 15 February 1950, the executive power of the PMC is vested in the Municipal Commissioner, an Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer appointed by the Government of Maharashtra. The position is held by Vikram Kumar, IAS.The general body of the PMC consists of 162 directly elected councilors, popularly known as "corporators", headed by a mayor. Murlidhar Mohol (BJP) was elected as the mayor and Sunita Wadekar (RPI(A)) as the deputy mayor by the newly elected in April 2021. The land for Pune Municipal Corporation was donated by Late Hon. Shri. Bhausaheb Shirole (Patil) who was second Mayor of Pune city and later became an MLC.
Jurisdiction
The city comes under the Pune District, Maharashtra. The Collector is in charge of property records and revenue collection for the Central government. Appointed by the State government, the Collector also function as the election officer and conducts general as well as state elections in the city. The Pune City Police is the law enforcement agency in the city and answers to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the GoM. It is headed by a Police Commissioner, an Indian Police Service (IPS) officer.
In July 2017, eleven villages surrounding the city were merged in PMC bringing an additional area of 80.7 sq. km. and a population of 278,000 under the civic body's jurisdiction. PMC now governs a total area of 331.26 sq. km. The merged villages include: Uruli Devachi, Phursungi, Bavdhan Budruk, Lohegaon (remaining), Hadapsar (Sadesatra Nali), Mundhwa (Keshavnagar area), Shivane (remaining), Dhayari (remaining), Undri, Ambegaon Khurda and Ambegaon Budruk. This merger was preceded by the merger of 23 villages in 1997.
On December 23, 2020, the state government issued a draft notification for the merger of 23 adjoining villages within PMC limits, namely Mhalunge, Sus, Bavdhan Budhruk, Kirkatwadi, Pisoli, Kondhwe-Dhawade, Kopre, Nanded, Khadakwasla, Manjari Budhruk, Narhe, Holkarwadi, Autade-Handewadi, Wadachiwadi, Shewalewadi, Nandoshi, Sanasnagar, Mangdewadi, Bhilarewadi, Gujar Nimbalkarwadi, Jambhulwadi, Kolewadi and Wagholi. The total area of the PMC would be around 485 sq km making it the municipal corporation with the largest area in the state.
To serve citizens better, PMC has taken initiative for e-Governance. Presently a few big corporations like Persistent Systems are lending help for developing the E-governance system, as a part of their social service initiative. A public-private partnership is perceived to bring tremendous changes in the future.
Administration
The major responsibility of PMC is to look after the civic and infrastructural needs of the citizens. The administration consists of two major branches: the executive branch headed by the Municipal Commissioner and the deliberative branch headed by the Mayor.
Executive Branch
The executive branch is headed by the Municipal Commissioner appointed by the State government from the Indian Administrative Service for a term not exceeding three years according to Section 36 of the Maharashtra Municipal Corporation Act, 1949. Additional Municipal Commissioner(s) assist the Municipal Commissioner in the administration of the departments deputed to them. As of April 2018, there are three Additional Commissioners supervising the general, special and estate administration of the city. Each of these categories consist of several departments. The Municipal Commissioner also serves on the boards of directors of the two public transport companies, PMPML and MahaMetro.
Administrative Zones
For the convenience of administration, the city is divided into five zones each headed by a Deputy Municipal Commissioner. Each zone consists of three ward offices (Marathi: क्षेत्रिय कार्यालय, IAST: Kṣhetriya Kāryālay) overseen by an Assistant Municipal Commissioner. A ward office typically has jurisdiction over more than one election ward. Ward offices not only coordinate major civic projects in their respective areas but also deal with minor works such as maintenance and repair. Residents can avail municipal services at their local ward office eliminating the need to visit the PMC headquarters.
Deliberative Branch
The deliberative branch is the elected branch of the PMC headed by the Mayor. The city is divided into 41 multi-member wards (Marathi: प्रभाग, IAST: Prabhāg), 39 of which are represented by four corporators each while two are represented by three corporators each. Thus, the general body of the PMC consists of 162 corporators. They are elected for a five year term by adult franchise in municipal elections. All major political parties active in the state contest the elections.
The corporators elect the Mayor, a ceremonial position with limited duties who acts as an ambassador and representative of the city, as well as a Deputy Mayor. The corporators approve the city budget and act as watchdogs on implementation of policy by the staff under the Municipal Commissioner.
Committees
The corporators form several committees which deliberate on various issues. At present, PMC has the following subject committees: Law, City Development, Women and Child Welfare, and Sports. The Standing Committee is the perhaps the most important committee of the PMC formed according to Section 20 of Maharashtra Municipal Corporation Act, 1949. It consists of 16 members headed by a President appointed at the first meeting of the newly elected Corporation, half of whom retire every succeeding year. A new President is also appointed every year. The Standing Committee along with 15 ward committees are together responsible for financial approvals.
Revenue sources
The following are the Income sources for the Corporation from the Central and State Government.
Revenue from taxes
Following is the Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Property tax.
Profession tax.
Entertainment tax.
Grants from Central and State Government like Goods and Services Tax.
Advertisement tax.
Revenue from non-tax sources
Following is the Non Tax related revenue for the corporation.
Water usage charges.
Fees from Documentation services.
Rent received from municipal property.
Funds from municipal bonds.
Municipal elections
Elections 2022
Elections 2017
Municipal Elections were held on 21 February 2017 to elect a total of 162 councillors in 41 wards. The BJP won an absolute majority in the 2017 elections, marking the first time the city got a mayor from the party. Mukta Tilak (BJP) was elected as the mayor and Navanth Kamble (RPI (A)) as the deputy mayor by the newly elected general body in March 2017. Tilak is the first member of the BJP to hold the position. Following Kamble's demise while in office, Siddharth Dhende of the RPI (A) was elected as the deputy mayor in June 2017.
Bypolls
The demise of the Deputy Mayor Navnath Kamble (RPI (A)) in May 2017 necessitated by-elections in the Koregaon Park-Ghorpadi ward. The RPI (A) retained the seat with Himali Kamble elected as the new councillor. Another round of bypolls was held on 4 April 2018 following the death of ex-mayor Chanchala Kodre NCP , who was elected in 2017 from the Mundhwa-Magarpatta ward. NCP retained the seat and Puja Kodre was elected as the new councillor.
Elections 2012
Municipal elections were held on 16 February 2012 to elect a total of 152 councillors in 76 wards (2 per ward). Vaishali Bankar (NCP) and Deepak Mankar (Congress) were elected as the Mayor and Deputy Mayor respectively.
Mayors List
List of Deputy Mayor
See also
Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation
Pune Cantonment Board
References
External links
of PMC
Government of Pune
Municipal corporations in Maharashtra
1950 establishments in Bombay State
Government agencies established in 1950
Michael P. Hein (born July 20, 1965) is an American politician who served as the 1st County Executive of Ulster County, serving until February 10, 2019 after having first been elected on November 4, 2008. Prior to the creation of this position, the 2008 ratification by referendum of the Ulster County Charter, they were the Ulster County Administrator.
Early life, education and career
Hein was reared by their parents on their farm in Esopus, New York and attended school in New Paltz. In 1987, they received a Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration with a special emphasis in Management from Eckerd College.
Political career
Hein became the deputy treasurer of Ulster County in 2003, and was appointed as county administrator in 2006. The duties of that position have since been shifted to the purview of the county executive, a position which came into being in 2006 due to the passage of the first county charter. Hein was elected to the position and assumed office in January 2009.
Hein cut spending by $6 million, through attrition and privatization, and provided a 0% tax increase for 2011 They have also promoted tourism initiatives in the county.
Clash with New York City officials
In the fall of 2010, the New York City Department of Environment Protection began releasing turbid water from the Ashokan Reservoir via a waste channel which feeds into Ulster County's Esopus Creek. The Esopus Creek became contaminated with turbid water causing major problems to local farmers and residents as well as potentially damaging the aquatic ecosystem. This action by the agency which oversees the watershed feeding New York City's drinking water drew the attention of environmental groups and Ulster County residents, as well as that of County Executive Hein and many other local leaders.
On Tuesday January 12, 2010, after 97 days of contaminated releases into the Esopus Creek, County Executive Hein announced Ulster County's intentions to file a lawsuit against New York City DEP. After enlisting the help of the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation and the New York State Attorney General's office, Hein brought an end to these releases and forced New York City DEP to pay for an independent damage assessment in order to evaluate the impact of their actions.
Catskill Mountain Railroad
In October 2013, Hein included in their budget an amount totaling $642,000 that was to be earned by taking up tracks in an unused section of an almost 40-mile long corridor leased to a local tourist train company, the Catskill Mountain Railroad. Later, Hein suggested that much of the corridor be converted to a rail trail while preserving segments for continued tourist train operations In response, the railroad created a plan calling for both rail and trail throughout in the former Ulster and Delaware Railroad. In 2013, Ulster County issued the tourism train a "Notice to Cure" citing lease violations. The lease with the tourism train was supposed to end in May 2016, and Mr. Hein was working with the Ulster County Legislature and other entities to prepare for future uses of the corridor.
In the summer of 2016, it was announced that the Catskill Mountain Railroad would be allowed to continue its operations between Kingston and Hurley, as well as Phoenicia and Boiceville. In late 2016, Mr. Hein denied the railroad the right to operate out of Phoenicia, and the County made that portion of the line available to the highest bidder shortly thereafter. The railroad bid for another lease on the line but Rail Explorers Inc. came in higher and was allowed to restore and operate the line with their rail-based bicycle system.
Rail Explorers had put very little effort into restoring the line early on and missed their 2017 opening date, reportedly they will begin operating the line after Memorial Day 2018. Many local communities are in disagreement the actions of the County and of the Rail Explorers. One point of argument is the proposed parking lot and bus turn around in the small residential village of Cold Brook. Many residents fear that riders may wonder throughout the neighborhood, trespass and damage private property, while waiting for a bus to arrive and pick them up to return them to Phoenicia, the Rail Explorer's base of operations.
The Catskill Mountain Railroad has a large amount of its equipment stored in Phoenicia, however much of it is stored on County-owned rail, the County has reportedly sued them for not removing their equipment from the property, the railroad has no way of moving the equipment off of County Property as Phoenicia is cut off from the rest of the United States' rail network, including the rest of the Catskill Mountain Railroad. Currently, the Empire State Railway Museum is attempting to construct several storage tracks on their property for the railroad to store their equipment. In January 2018, Ulster County oversaw the removal of a large portion of the line along the Ashokan Reservoir. According to local sources, they removed the rail, but have not completely removed the contaminated ties, which raises an environmental issue due to the adjacent Ashokan Reservoir, which supplies drinking water to New York City, and Esopus Creek, both of which provide habitat for much wildlife, including a large population of bald eagles.
References
External links
County Executive Mike Hein Official County Government Site
Ulster County Alive
1965 births
Living people
People from Esopus, New York
County executives in New York (state)
People from Hurley, New York
New York (state) Democrats
New York (state) Republicans
Eckerd College alumni
Entropy production (or generation) is the amount of entropy which is produced in any irreversible processes such as heat and mass transfer processes including motion of bodies, heat exchange, fluid flow, substances expanding or mixing, anelastic deformation of solids, and any irreversible thermodynamic cycle, including thermal machines such as power plants, heat engines, refrigerators, heat pumps, and air conditioners.
In the dual representation entropy–exergy for accounting the second law of thermodynamics it can be expressed in equivalent terms of exergy disruption.
Short history
Entropy is produced in irreversible processes. The importance of avoiding irreversible processes (hence reducing the entropy production) was recognized as early as 1824 by Carnot. In 1865 Rudolf Clausius expanded their previous work from 1854 on the concept of "unkompensierte Verwandlungen" (uncompensated transformations), which, in our modern nomenclature, would be called the entropy production. In the same article in which they introduced the name entropy, Clausius gives the expression for the entropy production (for a closed system), which they denote by N, in equation (71) which reads
Here S is the entropy in the final state and the integral is to be taken from the initial state to the final state. From the context, it is clear that if the process is reversible and in case of an irreversible process.
First and second law
The laws of thermodynamics system apply to well-defined systems. Fig. 1 is a general representation of a thermodynamic system. We consider systems which, in general, are inhomogeneous. Heat and mass are transferred across the boundaries (nonadiabatic, open systems), and the boundaries are moving (usually through pistons). In our formulation we assume that heat and mass transfer and volume changes take place only separately at well-defined regions of the system boundary. The expression, given here, are not the most general formulations of the first and second law. E.g. kinetic energy and potential energy terms are missing and exchange of matter by diffusion is excluded.
The rate of entropy production, denoted by , is a key element of the second law of thermodynamics for open inhomogeneous systems which reads
Here S is the entropy of the system; Tk is the temperature at which the heat enters the system at heat flow rate ; represents the entropy flow into the system at position k, due to matter flowing into the system ( are the molar flow rate and mass flow rate and Smk and sk are the molar entropy (i.e. entropy per unit amount of substance) and specific entropy (i.e. entropy per unit mass) of the matter, flowing into the system, respectively); represents the entropy production rates due to internal processes. The subscript 'i' in refers to the fact that the entropy is produced due to irreversible processes. The entropy-production rate of every process in nature is always positive or zero. This is an essential aspect of the second law.
The Σ's indicate the algebraic sum of the respective contributions if there are more heat flows, matter flows, and internal processes.
In order to demonstrate the impact of the second law, and the role of entropy production, it has to be combined with the first law which reads
with U the internal energy of the system; the enthalpy flows into the system due to the matter that flows into the system (Hmk its molar enthalpy, hk the specific enthalpy (i.e. enthalpy per unit mass)), and dVk/dt are the rates of change of the volume of the system due to a moving boundary at position k while pk is the pressure behind that boundary; P represents all other forms of power application (such as electrical).
The first and second law have been formulated in terms of time derivatives of U and S rather than in terms of total differentials dU and dS where it is tacitly assumed that dt > 0. So, the formulation in terms of time derivatives is more elegant. An even bigger advantage of this formulation is, however, that it emphasizes that heat flow rate and power are the basic thermodynamic properties and that heat and work are derived quantities being the time integrals of the heat flow rate and the power respectively.
Examples of irreversible processes
Entropy is produced in irreversible processes. Some important irreversible processes are:
heat flow through a thermal resistance
fluid flow through a flow resistance such as in the Joule expansion or the Joule–Thomson effect
diffusion
chemical reactions
Joule heating
friction between solid surfaces
fluid viscosity within a system.
The expression for the rate of entropy production in the first two cases will be derived in separate sections.
Performance of heat engines and refrigerators
Most heat engines and refrigerators are closed cyclic machines. In the steady state the internal energy and the entropy of the machines after one cycle are the same as at the start of the cycle. Hence, on average, dU/dt = 0 and dS/dt = 0 since U and S are functions of state. Furthermore they are closed systems () and the volume is fixed (dV/dt = 0). This leads to a significant simplification of the first and second law:
and
The summation is over the (two) places where heat is added or removed.
Engines
For a heat engine (Fig. 2a) the first and second law obtain the form
and
Here is the heat supplied at the high temperature TH, is the heat removed at ambient temperature Ta, and P is the power delivered by the engine. Eliminating gives
The efficiency is defined by
If the performance of the engine is at its maximum and the efficiency is equal to the Carnot efficiency
Refrigerators
For refrigerators (Fig. 2b) holds
and
Here P is the power, supplied to produce the cooling power at the low temperature TL. Eliminating now gives
The coefficient of performance of refrigerators is defined by
If the performance of the cooler is at its maximum. The COP is then given by the Carnot coefficient of performance
Power dissipation
In both cases we find a contribution which reduces the system performance. This product of ambient temperature and the (average) entropy production rate is called the dissipated power.
Equivalence with other formulations
It is interesting to investigate how the above mathematical formulation of the second law relates with other well-known formulations of the second law.
We first look at a heat engine, assuming that . In other words: the heat flow rate is completely converted into power. In this case the second law would reduce to
Since and this would result in which violates the condition that the entropy production is always positive. Hence: No process is possible in which the sole result is the absorption of heat from a reservoir and its complete conversion into work. This is the Kelvin statement of the second law.
Now look at the case of the refrigerator and assume that the input power is zero. In other words: heat is transported from a low temperature to a high temperature without doing work on the system. The first law with would give
and the second law then yields
or
Since and this would result in which again violates the condition that the entropy production is always positive. Hence: No process is possible whose sole result is the transfer of heat from a body of lower temperature to a body of higher temperature. This is the Clausius statement of the second law.
Expressions for the entropy production
Heat flow
In case of a heat flow rate from T1 to T2 (with ) the rate of entropy production is given by
If the heat flow is in a bar with length L, cross-sectional area A, and thermal conductivity κ, and the temperature difference is small
the entropy production rate is
Flow of mass
In case of a volume flow rate from a pressure p1 to p2
For small pressure drops and defining the flow conductance C by we get
The dependences of on and on are quadratic.
This is typical for expressions of the entropy production rates in general. They guarantee that the entropy production is positive.
Entropy of mixing
In this Section we will calculate the entropy of mixing when two ideal gases diffuse into each other. Consider a volume Vt divided in two volumes Va and Vb so that . The volume Va contains amount of substance na of an ideal gas a and Vb contains amount of substance nb of gas b. The total amount of substance is . The temperature and pressure in the two volumes is the same. The entropy at the start is given by
When the division between the two gases is removed the two gases expand, comparable to a Joule–Thomson expansion. In the final state the temperature is the same as initially but the two gases now both take the volume Vt. The relation of the entropy of an amount of substance n of an ideal gas is
where CV is the molar heat capacity at constant volume and R is the molar gas constant.
The system is an adiabatic closed system, so the entropy increase during the mixing of the two gases is equal to the entropy production. It is given by
As the initial and final temperature are the same, the temperature terms cancel, leaving only the volume terms. The result is
Introducing the concentration x = na/nt = Va/Vt we arrive at the well-known expression
Joule expansion
The Joule expansion is similar to the mixing described above. It takes place in an adiabatic system consisting of a gas and two rigid vessels a and b of equal volume, connected by a valve. Initially, the valve is closed. Vessel a contains the gas while the other vessel b is empty. When the valve is opened, the gas flows from vessel a into b until the pressures in the two vessels are equal. The volume, taken by the gas, is doubled while the internal energy of the system is constant (adiabatic and no work done). Assuming that the gas is ideal, the molar internal energy is given by . As CV is constant, constant U means constant T. The molar entropy of an ideal gas, as function of the molar volume Vm and T, is given by
The system consisting of the two vessels and the gas is closed and adiabatic, so the entropy production during the process is equal to the increase of the entropy of the gas. So, doubling the volume with T constant gives that the molar entropy produced is
Microscopic interpretation
The Joule expansion provides an opportunity to explain the entropy production in statistical mechanical (i.e., microscopic) terms. At the expansion, the volume that the gas can occupy is doubled. This means that, for every molecule there are now two possibilities: it can be placed in container a or b. If the gas has amount of substance n, the number of molecules is equal to n⋅NA, where NA is the Avogadro constant. The number of microscopic possibilities increases by a factor of 2 per molecule due to the doubling of volume, so in total the factor is 2n⋅NA. Using the well-known Boltzmann expression for the entropy
where k is the Boltzmann constant and Ω is the number of microscopic possibilities to realize the macroscopic state. This gives change in molar entropy of
So, in an irreversible process, the number of microscopic possibilities to realize the macroscopic state is increased by a certain factor.
Basic inequalities and stability conditions
In this section we derive the basic inequalities and stability conditions for closed systems. For closed systems the first law reduces to
The second law we write as
For adiabatic systems so . In other words: the entropy of adiabatic systems cannot decrease. In equilibrium the entropy is at its maximum. Isolated systems are a special case of adiabatic systems, so this statement is also valid for isolated systems.
Now consider systems with constant temperature and volume. In most cases T is the temperature of the surroundings with which the system is in good thermal contact. Since V is constant the first law gives . Substitution in the second law, and using that T is constant, gives
With the Helmholtz free energy, defined as
we get
If P = 0 this is the mathematical formulation of the general property that the free energy of systems with fixed temperature and volume tends to a minimum. The expression can be integrated from the initial state i to the final state f resulting in
where WS is the work done by the system. If the process inside the system is completely reversible the equality sign holds. Hence the maximum work, that can be extracted from the system, is equal to the free energy of the initial state minus the free energy of the final state.
Finally we consider systems with constant temperature and pressure and take . As p is constant the first laws gives
Combining with the second law, and using that T is constant, gives
With the Gibbs free energy, defined as
we get
Homogeneous systems
In homogeneous systems the temperature and pressure are well-defined and all internal processes are reversible. Hence . As a result the second law, multiplied by T, reduces to
With P = 0 the first law becomes
Eliminating and multiplying with dt gives
Since
with Gm the molar Gibbs free energy and μ the molar chemical potential we obtain the well-known result
Entropy production in stochastic processes
Since physical processes can be described by stochastic processes, such as Markov chains and diffusion processes, entropy production can be defined mathematically in such processes.
For a continuous-time Markov chain with instantaneous probability distribution and transition rate , the instantaneous entropy production rate is
The long-time behavior of entropy production is kept after a proper lifting of the process. This approach provides a dynamic explanation for the Kelvin statement and the Clausius statement of the second law of thermodynamics.
See also
Thermodynamics
First law of thermodynamics
Second law of thermodynamics
Irreversible process
Non-equilibrium thermodynamics
High entropy alloys
References
Further reading
Cooling technology
Cryogenics
Heat pumps
Mount Helms () is a rounded, partly snow-covered peak rising between Mount Semprebon and Mount Oldenburg in the central Martin Hills of Antarctica. The peak was positioned by a United States Antarctic Research Program party led by J. Campbell Craddock in January 1963, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Ward J. Helms, a radioscience researcher at Byrd Station in 1962.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
References
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
Hissor Range (, Qatorköhi Hisor; , ; ; ; also known as Hissar, Hisor, or Gissar Range) is a mountain range in Central Asia, in the western part of the Pamir-Alay system, stretching over 200 km in the general east–west direction across the territory of Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.
The term hissar derives from from Persian hizār "a thousand".
Geography
The Hissor Range lies south of the Zarafshon Range, extending north of Dushanbe through Tajikistan's Hissar District of the Districts of Republican Subordination and reaching Uzbekistan at the north tip of Surxondaryo Region. The highest point in the Hissar Range at is located in Uzbekistan on the border with Tajikistan, just north-west of Dushanbe. Formerly known as Peak of the 22nd Congress of the Communist Party, the Khazret Sultan is also the highest point in all Uzbekistan. The Hissar Range is composed of crystalline rocks, schist, and sandstone, punctured by granite intrusions.
Nature
Hissor Valley, which encompasses the Shirkent National Park is a reserve, which is expected to be expanded to some in the coming years, has an unusually high concentration of sites of historical and scientific interest.
See also
List of mountains in Tajikistan
References
Mountain ranges of Tajikistan
Mountain ranges of Uzbekistan
Surxondaryo Region
Districts of Republican Subordination
World Heritage Tentative List
Pamir Mountains
Paul Pothen (1916-2004) was an Indian industrialist and one of the pioneers of fertilizer industry in India. They were the founding managing director of three large scale fertilizer manufacturing firms in India.
Pothen was born in a Mallapally-based Christian family on 8 January 1916 at Nedumangad, in the Thiruvananthapuram district and graduated from the University of Madras in 1935, after which they secured their graduation in civil engineering from the University of Mysore in 1940. They continued their studies to get higher training in electrical engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee (formerly Rourkee University) and did an advanced course in Canada under the aegis of Colombo Plan in 1965-66.
Pothen started their career by joining the Fertilisers and Chemicals Travancore Limited (FACT) in a senior management position in 1944 where they stayed until 1965 when they were made the founding managing director of FACT Engineering and Design Organisation (FEDO) in 1965. Three years later, when the Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative (IFFCO) was established in 1968, Pothen was made the founding managing director. They continued at IFFCO till 1981 and moved to Krishak Bharati Cooperative (KRIBHCO) as the organization's founding managing director. They headed the Fertilizer Association of India for several years and was also associated with the Travancore Cochin Chemicals and Fact Technical Society.
The Government of India awarded the fourth highest Indian civilian honour of Padma Shri in 1977. They died on 3 August 2004 at the age of 88, succumbing to old age illnesses at Amrita Hospital in Kochi. The Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative named one of their townships as Paul Pothen Nagar, in honour of their former managing director.
See also
Fertilisers and Chemicals Travancore
Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative
Krishak Bharati Cooperative
Travancore Cochin Chemicals
References
Recipients of the Padma Shri in civil service
1916 births
2004 deaths
People from Thiruvananthapuram district
Businesspeople from Kerala
Malayali people
Indian industrialists
University of Madras alumni
University of Mysore alumni
IIT Roorkee alumni
Indian corporate directors
Kempf may refer to:
German Army Detachment Kempf, a Wehrmacht formation on World War II Eastern Front
Kempf's disease or Homosexual panic
Panzer Division Kempf
George J. Kempf House
Kempf (surname)
Kempf, a character in Fire Emblem: Thracia 776
See also
Wilhelm Kempff (1895–1991), German pianist and composer
Noel Kempff Mercado National Park
Kampf (disambiguation)
Mützig is a beer brand owned by Heineken and its subsidiaries, and was originally brewed in 1810 by of Alsace, France. It is now a 5.5% ABV lager available in 65cl and 33cl bottles. It has a full-bodied taste and distinctive packaging, and is the most successful premium, locally brewed beer in Central Africa. Mützig is considered a flagship African brand.
Mützig's slogan is "Mützig, the Taste of Success" in English and "Mützig, Le goût de la Réussite" in French.
History
The name Mützig originates from Mutzig, a commune of France located at the entrance of the Bruche river valley, in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace, in north-eastern France. Brasserie Mutzig was founded in 1810 by Antoine Wagner and the beer was brewed there until the brewery closed in 1989, after merging into (Albra) in 1969, and being acquired by Heineken in 1972. The 1969 merger forming l'Alsacienne de Brasserie (Alsatian Brewery), combined Mutzig with the Alsatian breweries: de l'Espérance, de la Perle, de Colmar, and Haag à Ingwiller. The old Mutzig brewery was bought by the city of Mutzig in 1992. It was designated a historical monument in 2001, renovated in 2009, and now houses a business incubator.
The spelling of the name was Germanicized with an umlaut for marketing reasons, and Mützig was launched in Africa in 1987 to satisfy the needs of the consumers with a passion for a stronger, yet more refined and bitter tasting beer. It was developed from traditional local methods of sorghum beer fermentation.
The local brewers of Mützig are Bralirwa in Rwanda, Brarudi in Burundi, Brasseries du Cameroun in Cameroon, Brasseries du Congo in the Republic of Congo, Sierra Leone Brewery Limited in Sierra Leone and Bralima in the Democratic Republic of Congo
In Rwanda, Mützig is the most popular beer after Primus, another brand from the same stable, although one survey put Mützig ahead 72% to 69%. It is a more expensive beer than Primus, by some 30%, but cheaper than imported beers. It is packaged in and bottles. It is branded here as "The Taste of Success".
In Cameroon the beer is produced by Brasseries du Cameroun (Cameroonian Breweries), owned by the French company Castel.
From late 2013 the advertising for Heineken International's Africa brands Mützig and Gulder were handled by M. & C. Saatchi Abel.
Specification
(Rwanda)
Gravity: 10.7 ° P
Alcohol: 4.7% by volume
Bitterness: 20 EBU
Colour: 7 EBC
Sponsorship
In Cameroon, Mützig sponsors the Mützig Star national singing competition, which promotes Cameroonian amateur musicians.
In 2015 Mützig was a sponsor of International Fashion week, Kigali, Rwanda.
See also
Heineken brands
Heineken International
Bralirwa
Brarudi
Brasseries du Cameroun
Brasseries du Congo
Bralima
References
External links
Heineken Brands
Bralirwa Brands
Beer brands
Heineken brands
The 2022 Women's Hockey Asia Cup was the 10th edition of the Women's Hockey Asia Cup, the quadrennial international women's field hockey championship of Asia organized by the Asian Hockey Federation. It was held from 21 to 28 January 2022 at the Sultan Qaboos Sports Complex in Muscat, Oman.
The tournament was originally scheduled to be held in Bangkok, Thailand but on 29 December 2021 the tournament was moved to Muscat, Oman.
India were the defending champions. Japan won their third title after a final win over South Korea.
The top four teams qualified for the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey World Cup.
Qualified teams
The following eight teams participated in the tournament.
Preliminary round
The schedule was released on 3 January 2021.
All times are local (UTC+4).
Pool A
Pool B
Fifth to eighth place classification
Bracket
5–8th place semi-finals
Seventh place game
Fifth place game
Medal round
Bracket
Semi-finals
Third place game
Final
Final standings
Goalscorers
See also
2022 Men's Hockey Asia Cup
2022 Women's Indoor Hockey Asia Cup
Field hockey at the 2022 Asian Games – Women's tournament
References
Women's Hockey Asia Cup
Asia Cup
International field hockey competitions hosted by Oman
Hockey Asia Cup
Hockey Asia Cup
21st century in Muscat, Oman
Sport in Muscat, Oman
Asia Cup
Mary Josephine Renfrew (born 1955) is a British midwife and academic.
Renfrew graduated in nursing from the University of Edinburgh in 1975, and in midwifery from the same institution in 1978. They obtained a PhD on breastfeeding in 1982, while at the Medical Research Council's reproductive biology unit in Edinburgh.
They were at the national perinatal epidemiology unit of the University of Oxford from 1988 to 1994, where they set up National Midwifery Research Initiative. Following that, they were professor of midwifery at the University of Leeds until 2003, then professor of mother and infant health at the University of York from 2003. As of 2017, they are professor of mother and Infant health and an associate dean of research, at Dundee University.
They have also worked in Canada.
They have written reviews of breastfeeding for the Cochrane Library, the World Health Organization's Reproductive Health Library, the Human Tissue Authority, the UK government's Department of Health, and the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence.
They have served as chair of the World Health Organization's maternal and newborn health strategic committee.
In 2014 they were elected as a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (FRSE) - the first midwife or nurse to receive that honour.
Renfrew was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2022 Birthday Honours for services to midwifery.
References
External links
1955 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
British nurses
Nursing researchers
British midwives
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Medical Research Council (United Kingdom) people
Academics of the University of Leeds
Academics of the University of York
Academics of the University of Dundee
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
Academics of the University of Oxford
British medical researchers
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
List of volleyball clubs in Spain sorted by division:
Superliga Masculina 2007/08 season
Arona Playa Las Américas
CAI Voleibol Teruel
CV Almoradí
CV Elche
Ciudad de Medio Ambiente Soria
Drac Palma Pórtol
Fábregas Sport Multicaja
Jusan Canarias
Tarragona SPSP
7 Islas Vecindario
Unicaja Arukasur
Universidad de Granada
Superliga Femenina 2007/08 season
CV Albacete
Ciudad Las Palmas Cantur
Voleibol Murcia 2005
Voleibol Benidorm
IBSA Club Voleibol
Ícaro Palma
Jamper Aguere
Spar Tenerife Marichal
Universidad de Burgos
Valeriano Alles Menorca
VB Bargas Atalia Sarrión PSG
Voley Sanse
See also
Volleyball in Spain
Volleyball
Volleyball
An Environmentally Sensitive Habitat Area (ESHA - pronounced ē'-sha) is a designated protective area within the Coastal Zone of California, United States, as described in the California Coastal Act and Certified Local Coastal Programs for local government.
External links
Designation of ESHA in the Santa Monica Mountains, California Coastal Commission
Environment of California
The 43rd Indian Armoured Division was an armoured division of the Indian Army during World War II. It was formed in July 1942. It never saw any combat and was broken up to form the 44th Armoured Division in February 1943.
Formation
268th Indian Armoured Brigade
Converted to 268th Indian Infantry Brigade October 1942
51st Regiment Indian Armoured Corps (ex 7/5th Mahratta Light Infantry)
53rd Regiment Indian Armoured Corps (ex MG/10th Baluch Regiment)
54th Regiment Indian Armoured Corps (ex 9/13th Frontier Force Rifles)
267th Indian Armoured Brigade
52nd Regiment Indian Armoured Corps
116th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps (ex 9th Btn Gordon Highlanders)
160th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps (ex 9th Btn Royal Sussex Regiment)
163rd Regiment Royal Armoured Corps (ex 13th Btn Sherwood Foresters)
268th Indian Infantry Brigade
8/13th Frontier Force Rifles
17/10th Baluch Regiment
17/7th Rajput Regiment
2/4th Bombay Grenadiers
5/4th Bombay Grenadiers
1st Assam Regiment
1st The Chamar Regiment
4/3rd Madras Regiment
Kalibahadur Regiment Nepal
Mahindra Dal Regiment Nepal
1/3rd Madras Regiment
2nd The King's Own Scottish Borderers
2nd The South Lancashire Regiment
429 Field Company Indian Engineers
Divisional troops
18th Field Regiment Royal Artillery
References
Indian World War II divisions
British Indian Army divisions
Military units and formations established in 1942
Military units and formations of the British Empire in World War II
Vocal loading is the stress inflicted on the speech organs when speaking for long periods.
Background
Of the working population, about 13% have professions where their voice is their primary tool. That includes professions such as teachers, sales personnel, actors and singers, and TV and radio reporters. Many of them, especially teachers, suffer from voice-related medical problems. In a larger scope, this involves millions of sick-leave days every year, for example, both in the US and the European Union. Still, research in vocal loading has often been treated as a minor subject.
Voice organ
Voiced speech is produced by air streaming from the lungs through the vocal cords, setting them into an oscillating movement. In every oscillation, the vocal folds are closed for a short period of time. When the folds reopen the pressure under the folds is released. These changes in pressure form the waves called (voiced) speech.
Loading on tissue in vocal folds
The fundamental frequency of speech for an average male is around 110 Hz and for an average female around 220 Hz. That means that for voiced sounds the vocal folds will hit together 110 or 220 times a second, respectively. Suppose then that a female is speaking continuously for an hour. Of this time perhaps five minutes is voiced speech. The folds will then hit together more than 30 thousand times an hour. It is intuitively clear that the vocal fold tissue will experience some tiring due to this large number of hits.
Vocal loading also includes other kinds of strain on the speech organs. These include all kinds of muscular strain in the speech organs, similarly as usage of any other muscles will experience strain if used for an extended period of time. However, researchers' largest interest lies in stress exerted on the vocal folds.
Effect of speaking environment
Several studies in vocal loading show that the speaking environment does have a significant impact on vocal loading. Still, the exact details are debated. Most scientists agree on the effect of the following environmental properties:
air humidity - dry air is thought to increase the stress experienced in the vocal folds, however, this has not been proven
hydration - dehydration may increase effects of stress inflicted on the vocal folds
background noise - people tend to speak louder when background noise is present, even when it isn't necessary. Increasing speaking volume increases stress inflicted on the vocal folds
pitch - Using a higher or lower pitch than normal will also increase laryngeal stress.
voice quality - Using a vocal quality which differs from that habitually used is thought to increase laryngeal stress.
In addition, smoking and other types of air pollution might have a negative effect on voice production organs.
Symptoms
Objective evaluation or measurement of vocal loading is very difficult due to the tight coupling of the experienced psychological and physiological stress. However, there are some typical symptoms that can be objectively measured. Firstly, the pitch range of the voice will decrease. Pitch range indicates the possible pitches that can be spoken. When a voice is loaded, the upper pitch limit will decrease and the lower pitch limit will rise. Similarly, the volume range will decrease.
Secondly, an increase in the hoarseness and strain of a voice can often be heard. Unfortunately, both properties are difficult to measure objectively, and only perceptual evaluations can be performed.
Voice care
Regularly, the question arises of how one should use one's voice to minimize tiring in the vocal organs. This is encompassed in the study of vocology, the science and practice of voice habilitation. Basically, a normal, relaxed way of speech is the optimal method for voice production, in both speech and singing. Any excess force used when speaking will increase tiring. The speaker should drink enough water and the air humidity level should be normal or higher. No background noise should be present or, if not possible, the voice should be amplified. Smoking is discouraged.
See also
Human voice
Vocal rest
References
Human voice
Delwar Hossain (born 1 January 1985) is a first-class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh. They made their debut for Rajshahi Division in 2006/07. They scored an unbeaten 51 on their first-class debut against Barisal Division and got figures of 3–46 in the one day clash against Dhaka Division.
They were the joint-leading wicket-taker for Prime Bank Cricket Club in the 2017–18 Dhaka Premier Division Cricket League, with 17 dismissals in 8 matches. They were also the leading wicket-taker for Shinepukur Cricket Club in the 2018–19 Dhaka Premier Division Cricket League tournament, with 19 dismissals in 10 matches. In November 2019, they were selected to play for the Sylhet Thunder in the 2019–20 Bangladesh Premier League.
References
1986 births
Living people
Bangladeshi cricketers
Rajshahi Division cricketers
People from Rajshahi District
Gazi Group cricketers
Mohammedan Sporting Club cricketers
Prime Doleshwar Sporting Club cricketers
Prime Bank Cricket Club cricketers
Bangladesh North Zone cricketers
Shinepukur Cricket Club cricketers
The white-breasted tapaculo (Eleoscytalopus indigoticus) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to the Atlantic forest of southeastern Brazil.
Taxonomy and systematics
The white-breasted tapaculo and the Bahia tapaculo (Eleoscytalopus psychopompus) were formerly placed in the genus Scytalopus, but these two species are now known to be more closely related to the bristlefronts (genus Merulaxis). The Bahia tapaculo has also been proposed as a race of the white-breasted tapaculo, but genetic data refute that. The genetic data also show large differences between the northern and southern populations of white-breasted tapaculo.
Description
The white-breasted tapaculo is long. Males weigh and females . The male's upper parts are blue-gray and its rump reddish brown. The throat, chest, and belly are white and the flanks and vent area are chestnut with dark barring. Males in a small part of its range have more extensive dark underparts. Females and immatures are similar to the males but have browner upper parts.
Distribution and habitat
The white-breasted tapaculo is found in Brazilian states from eastern Bahia south to northeastern Rio Grande do Sul, including western Paraná and eastern Santa Catarina. It inhabits the undergrowth of open forest, forest edges, and dense secondary forest. In elevation it ranges up to .
Behavior
Feeding
The white-breasted tapaculo feeds on insects captured on or very near the ground.
Breeding
One nest was constructed of roots and moss and buried in leaves by a tree trunk. It contained two eggs.
Vocalization
The white-breasted tapaculo's song is a seven to eight second trills that increases in volume after the first one or two seconds . It often sings inside tree cavities.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the white-breasted tapaculo as least concern. It has a relatively small and highly fragmented range that is under continuing human pressure. Its population size is not known but is believed to be decreasing. It does occur in some protected areas, many of which are small.
References
Eleoscytalopus
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Birds described in 1831
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Winslow High School is a high school in Winslow, Arizona. It is the only high school under the jurisdiction of the Winslow Unified School District, which also includes Jefferson Elementary, Washington Elementary, Bonnie Brennan Elementary and Winslow Junior High School.
Athletics
Winslow High School is a member of the Arizona Interscholastic Association 3A Conference. (The school has been in 3A for most of its existence, except for a time in the late 1960s through the early 1980s.) Winslow has won 31 state championships.
References
Public high schools in Arizona
Schools in Navajo County, Arizona
Winslow, Arizona
The El Encino Stakes was an American Thoroughbred horse race run between 1954 and 2011 at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. Open to four-year-old fillies, it was raced over a distance of miles (8.5 furlongs) on the synthetic Cushion Track surface. A Grade 2 event, it last offered a purse of $150,000
Part of Santa Anita Park's La Cañada Series of races, the El Encino Stakes was open to newly turning/turned 4-year-old fillies. Run at an increasing distance, the series began with the Grade I La Brea Stakes at 7 furlongs at the end of December followed by the El Encino Stakes at miles (8.5 furlongs) in mid January, then the Grade 2 La Cañada Stakes at miles (9 furlongs) in mid February. Created in 1975, only three fillies have ever won the series: Taisez Vous (1978), Mitterand (1985), and Got Koko (2003). The Santa Anita Park counterpart for male horses is the Strub Series.
Prior to 1976, the race was open to horses of either sex aged four and up.
The El Encino was inaugurated in 1954 as a handicap race on dirt at miles. From 1955 through 1957 it was raced on turf at a distance of miles after which it was suspended until 1968 when it returned as a mile claiming stakes. There was no race in 1970 but returned the following year. In 1974 and 1975 it was modified to a distance mile before being changed permanently in 1976 to miles and restricted to four-year-old fillies.
Records
Speed record 1:40.61 @ miles): Zenyatta (2008)
Most wins by a jockey:
5 – Chris McCarron (1983, 1986, 1991, 2000)
Most wins by a trainer:
4 – John Shirreffs (1999, 2006, 2008, 2009)
Most wins by an owner:
3 – Golden Eagle Farm (1976, 1983, 1998)
Winners
*In 1998, I Ain't Bluffing won the race but was disqualified and set back to third.
External link
El Encino Stakes at Pedigree Query
Discontinued horse races
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Flat horse races for four-year-old fillies
Mile category horse races for fillies and mares
Racing series for horses
Recurring sporting events established in 1954
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2012
The Battle of Ganja or Elisavetpol (also Elizabethpol, Yelisavetpol, &c.) took place on 26 September 1826, during the Russo-Persian War of 1826-1828.
Crown prince and commander-in-chief Abbas Mirza had launched a successful campaign in the summer of 1826, which resulted in the recapture of many of the territories that were lost to the Russians by virtue of the Treaty of Gulistan (1813). Noticing the approach of the Iranian army, many of the locals that had recently come under formal Russian jurisdiction, quickly switched sides. Amongst the swiftly recaptured territories by the Iranians were the important cities of Baku, Lankaran and Quba.
Then Russian commander-in-chief in the Caucasus, Aleksey Yermolov, convinced that they had insufficient resources to battle the Iranians, ordered for the withdrawal from Elisavetpol (Ganja), which was thus retaken as well.
Yermolov's replacement, Ivan Paskevich, now with additional resources, started the counteroffensive. At Ganja, in late September 1826, the Iranian and Russian armies met, and Abbas Mirza and their men were defeated. As a result, the Iranian army was forced to retreat across the Aras river.
References
Sources
Ganja 1826
Battles involving Qajar Iran
Conflicts in 1826
19th century in Azerbaijan
1826 in the Russian Empire
Battles of the Russo-Persian Wars
1826 in Iran
History of Ganja, Azerbaijan
September 1826 events
Aleksandrs Stankus (13 July 1913 – 23 December 1944) was a Latvian footballer who played for Olimpija Liepāja and Latvia national team between 1930 and 1937.
Biography
Stankus had two big passions in their life - football and ballet. In both of these fields they were quite respected in Liepāja although they never are a really big star in either ballet or football. In football, they made their debut with Olimpija at the age of 18 by scoring goals in international friendlies against the champions of East Prussia and Estonia.
In the first years they played as a central midfielder but later mostly as a right wing forward. They were never as popular as their teammates in attack - Ludvigs Dudaņecs, Voldemārs Žins or Fricis Dambrēvics although in one season they were the second best goalscorer of their club. In the first half of 1930s Stankus became a regular player with the Latvia national football team for which they made in total 17 appearances. Meanwhile, in 11 seasons with Olimpija Liepāja they won 5 Latvian Higher League titles (only the really big stars of Olimpija - Kārlis Tīls, Harijs Lazdiņš and Fricis Laumanis held more titles than him), they were also a three-time winner of the Riga Football Cup.
Stankus was one of the six Olimpija club veterans that left the club in 1936. For two more seasons they played with ASK Riga and completely retired from football in 1938.
Personal life and death
Stankus was born at Aizpute, Latvia. During German occupation of Latvia in World War II, Stankus was drafted in the Latvian Legion of the Waffen SS. Stankus was presumably killed in battle in Džūkste in December 1944, although they were only declared as missing.
References
Latvian footballers
1913 births
1944 deaths
Latvia international footballers
Latvian Waffen-SS personnel
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
Latvian military personnel killed in World War II
Missing in action of World War II
People from Aizpute
Bojan Kosić (born in Nikšić December 14, 1990) is a Montenegrin alpine skier. They were the sole competitor for Montenegro at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
References
1990 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Nikšić
Montenegrin male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of Montenegro
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Prince Thanyavong Savang (, born 17 April 1964) is a surviving member of the now deposed royal family of the Kingdom of Laos. They were born at the Royal Palace, Luang Prabang, Laos. Their father is Crown Prince Vong Savang and their mother is Princess Mahneelai.
Biography
In 1981, they escaped from Luanprabang to Vientiane then to Thailand with their older brother Crown Prince Soulivong Savang, arriving in France as political refugees.
 They are currently exiled and living in Florida, USA, and is active in Lao communities abroad to help preserve and promote Lao culture.
Ancestry
References
External links
Laos Royals pay respects to September 11, 2001 Victims (Photos)
1964 births
Living people
Laotian royalty
Laotian exiles
The Othon () was a military 430-ton paddle steamer of the Hellenic Navy, named after the first king of independent Greece, Otto. It was designed by naval architect Georgios Tombazis and built in 1838 at the Poros Naval Shipyard. It was powered by 2 Maudslay Sons & Field 120 hp steam engines, and was armed with two 18 pounder long guns and four 32 pounder carronades; total crew was 59 (officers and men). The ship was renamed Athinai ("Athens") after Otto's ousting in 1862 and decommissioned in 1864.
Bibliography
External links
1838 ships
Naval ships of Greece
Ships built in Greece
Steamships of Greece
Robert Borsak (born 14 August 1953) is the leader of the Shooters, Fishers and Farmers Party (SFF). They represent the party in the New South Wales Legislative Council. They were chosen by the Shooters and Fishers Party to fill the New South Wales Legislative Council vacancy caused by the death of Roy Smith on 30 July 2010.
During their time in NSW Parliament, Borsak has advocated for more funding and services for rural and regional NSW, defended the rights of law-abiding firearm users, introduced a bill to criminalise attacks on farms by animal rights activists, lobbied for further support of the greyhound racing industry and railed against attempts to restrict recreational fishing. Borsak has also called on the NSW Government to re-negotiate the Murray Darling Basin Plan, to secure a better deal for NSW farmers and regional communities. Borsak also has denied human involvement in climate change, stating that "scientific research, reports and arguments supporting human blame for climate change, were wrong".
Borsak is a member of a number of Legislative Council committees, which scrutinise government activity. They chaired an inquiry into the NSW Government decision to re-locate Sydney's Powerhouse Museum. They have been publicly critical of both the cost of the museum move and the NSW Government's failure to release a business case.
Under Borsak, SFF campaigned on a "biased for the bush" agenda during the 2019 state election campaign, pledging to divert funds and services away from Sydney and towards regional NSW. The party achieved its best ever result at the election, winning three lower house seats.
Prior to be being elected to parliament, Borsak acted as Chairman of the Game Council NSW, which sets standards for conservation hunting in Australia.
 They are an active hunter and fisher.
References
1953 births
Living people
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Council
Shooters, Fishers and Farmers Party politicians
Australian accountants
Australian fishers
Australian hunters
University of Technology Sydney alumni
Australian people of Polish descent
21st-century Australian politicians
John Furlong may refer to:
John Furlong (American actor) (1933–2008), American actor
John Furlong (cricketer) (born 1972), New Zealand cricketer
John Furlong (sports administrator) (born 1950), CEO of Vancouver Organizing Committee for the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games
The Slovenian Book Agency ( often abbreviated to JAK or JAKRS) is an autonomous government agency in Slovenia that was created to promote the importance of books and reading in Slovenia and beyond.
The Agency was created in 2008 and began to function on 1 January 2009, fulfilling the provisions of a presidential decree signed in December 2007. Its main aims are to provide the necessary conditions for top quality creativity in the field of literature and scientific publications, for greater accessibility to Slovene books, for raising the awareness of the importance of books and reading in the development of the individual and society and for increasing the international presence of authors of literary and scientific publications from Slovenia. The agency provides funds for a variety of literary projects and authors, promotes Slovene literature and the publication of quality literary and scientific works. It also promotes Slovene literature internationally through encouraging cooperation, assisting with representation at international book fairs and funding translations for publications abroad.
From 2009 to 2012 its director was Slavko Pregl.
References
External links
Slovenian Book Agency site
Slovenian literature
Slovenian culture
Book
2008 establishments in Slovenia
Organizations established in 2008
Jaminjung is a moribund Australian language spoken around the Victoria River in the Northern Territory of Australia. There seems to be a steady increase in the number of speakers of the language with very few people speaking the language in 1967, about 30 speakers in 1991, and between 50 and 150 speakers in 2000.
Phonology
Vowels
Jaminjung has 4 vowels:
Vowel length is not distinctive. The close-mid vowel /e/ only appears in a small number of words, and is probably a loan from surrounding languages.
Consonants
Jaminjung has 18 consonants:
External links
A corpus of Jaminjung recordings is archived with the DOBES project.
References
Notes
General
Yirram languages
Endangered indigenous Australian languages in the Northern Territory
Góra Łosiów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Mifflin v. Dutton, 190 U.S. 265 (1903), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that the authorized appearance of a work in a magazine without a copyright notice specifically dedicated to that work transfers that work into the public domain.
Background
The case concerned the publication of The Minister's Wooing by Harriet Beecher Stowe, published chapter-by-chapter in Atlantic Monthly before and after a copyright filing, and never with the required notice in the magazine. Following the serialization, Houghton, Mifflin & Co. published a single volume with proper copyright on behalf of Stowe and, later their estate. E. P. Dutton published the same book claiming it was in the public domain and the court agreed.
This case shared its reasoning with the previous case Mifflin v. R. H. White Company.
References
External links
1903 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Fuller Court
The Atlantic (magazine)
Houghton Mifflin Harcourt
E. P. Dutton
United States copyright case law
Harriet Beecher Stowe
The 1940 Palestine League was the eighth season of league football in the British Mandate for Palestine. The defending champions were Hapoel Tel Aviv.
Eight clubs took part in the league. The league was played between 27 January and 29 June 1940. All clubs completed their schedule of 14 matches.
The championship was won by defending champions Hapoel Tel Aviv.
League table
References
RSSSF
Previous seasons The Israel Football Association
Palestine League seasons
Palestine
1
Palestine
1
Risoba diehli is a species of moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in Sumatra.
References
Kobes,2006. Risobinae of Sumatra (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae, Risobinae). Heterocera Sumatrana Vol.12, fasc. 6
Nolidae
Moths of Sumatra
Moths described in 2006
William David Hamilton (born July 14, 1950 in Buckhannon, West Virginia) is an American politician.  They are a member of the West Virginia Senate from the 11th district. They were a member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 45 from January 12, 2013 to December 1, 2018. Hamilton served consecutively from January 2003 until January 2013 in the District 39 seat.
Personal life
Hamilton graduated from Buckhannon-Upshur High School and attended Potomac State College. They formerly worked as an insurance agent at Loudin Insurance Agency.
Political career
In 2000, Hamilton ran in the Republican primary for the 39th district of the West Virginia House of Delegates. They were defeated by the incumbent Dale F. Riggs. In 2002, Hamilton ran against Riggs again. They were endorsed by the state chapters of the United Mine Workers and the AFL-CIO, and won with 55% of the vote. Hamilton was unopposed in the general election.
In 2018, Hamilton challenged Robert L. Karnes for their seat in the West Virginia Senate. Karnes opposed unions, supported Right-to-work laws, and stated that teachers' strike earlier in the year "[held] kids hostage". Hamilton defeated Karnes in the primary, with much of their campaign contributions coming from organized labor.
Elections
2012 Redistricted to District 45, and with District 45 incumbent Larry Williams redistricted to District 52, Hamilton was unopposed for both the May 8, 2012 Republican Primary, winning with 2,490 votes, and the November 6, 2012 General election, winning with 5,669 votes.
2000 Hamilton challenged District 39 incumbent Representative Dale Riggs in the 2000 Republican Primary but lost to Representative Riggs, who was re-elected in the November 7, 2000 General election.
2002 Hamilton challenged Representative Riggs again in the 2002 Republican Primary and won, and was unopposed for the November 5, 2002 General election.
2004 Hamilton was unopposed for the 2004 Republican Primary and won the November 2, 2004 General election against Democratic nominee Teresa Khan.
2006 Hamilton was unopposed for the 2006 Republican Primary and won the November 7, 2006 General election against Democratic nominee Ryan Thorn.
2008 Hamilton was challenged in the May 13, 2008 Republican Primary but won with 2,233 votes (80.9%), and was unopposed for the November 4, 2008 General election, winning with 6,285 votes.
2010 Hamilton was challenged in the three-way May 11, 2010 Republican Primary but won with 1,386 votes (62.9%), and was unopposed for the November 2, 2010 General election, winning with 4,765 votes.
References
External links
Official page at the West Virginia Legislature
William Hamilton at Ballotpedia
Bill Hamilton at the National Institute on Money in State Politics
1950 births
Living people
Members of the West Virginia House of Delegates
People from Buckhannon, West Virginia
Potomac State College alumni
West Virginia Republicans
West Virginia state senators
21st-century American politicians
The 1471 papal conclave (August 6–9) elected Pope Sixtus IV following the death of Pope Paul II. With the exception of the conclaves of the Western Schism, this conclave was the first since 1305 to feature a working, two-thirds majority of Italians within the College of Cardinals, in no small part because of the absence of six non-Italian cardinals. This was in part due to the unexpectedness of the death of Paul II.
The election
The two main factions were those of d'Estouteville and Orsini, the latter of whom secured a major pre-conclave victory in managing to persuade the rest of the College to exclude the cardinals created by Paul II in pectore, in explicit defiance of the last will and testament of the previous pontiff. Such creatures would be allowed to participate, for example, in the papal conclave, 1492. Paul II had created at least eight cardinals in secret, at least five of whom were alive at the time of the conclave: Pedro Ferriz, Pietro Foscari, Giovanni Battista Savelli, Ferry de Clugny, and Jan Vitez.
A conclave capitulation was drawn up at the beginning of the conclave, but unusually it contained no explicit limitations on papal power, except to continue the Crusading war against the Turks. The asupervisorstioned factions can more specifically be referred to as the "Pieschi" (primarily the creations of Pius II) and the "Paoleschi" (primarily the creations of Paul II).
As in the immediately previous conclaves, Bessarion emerged as an early favorite, with six votes on the second day, those of: d'Estouteville, Calandrini, Capranica, Ammanati-Piccolomini, Caraffa, and Barbo; d'Estouteville trailed with the votes of Bessarion, Gonzaga, and Monferrato as did Forteguerri with the votes of Orsini, Eruli, and Agnifilo; Orsini got nods from della Rovere and Michiel; Roverella from Borgia and Zeno; Eruli from Forteguerri; and Calandrini from Roverella. The old arguments against Bessarion, namely that they were a non-Italian, who in addition would be unacceptable to the princes of France, again prevailed.
The voting tallies are known with specificity because of the notes of Nicodemo de Pontremoli, sent to Duke of Milan Galeazzo Maria Sforza, currently residing in the State Archives of Milan. Notable favorites in the ensuing scrutinies are (chronologically): Calandrini, Forteguerri, and Roverella.
Of the favored candidates of Sforza, della Rovere was the most electable, so Gonzaga and Borja lobbied for them behind the scenes, all the while disguising their intentions by voting for others until the morning of August 9, when along with d'Estouteville and Barbo they changed their votes to della Rovere in the accessus, giving them a total of 13 votes. The cardinals voting for della Rovere in the scrutiny were: Monferrato, Zeno, Michiel, Agnifilo, Roverella, Forteguerri, Bessarion, Calandrini, and Orsini. Contrary to the perennial tradition, the five remaining cardinals did not change their votes to della Rovere in the accessus to make the election "unanimous".
Cardinal electors
Absentee cardinals
Notes
1471
15th-century elections
1471
15th-century Catholicism
Wabash County is a county located in the northern central part of the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, the population was 30,976. The county seat is Wabash.
History
The area was inhabited for thousands of years by cultures of indigenous peoples. French explorers and traders encountered the historical Miami Native Americans beginning in the 17th century.
Wabash County, along with Delaware County, was originally formed Jan. 1820 out of the 1818 New Purchase resulting from the Treaty of St. Mary's. Wabash County was the Wabash River drainage area, and Delaware County, the White River drainage area. Numerous counties were carved out of the Wabash New Purchase. Wabash County as it exists today was organized out of a remnant portion of the original county in 1835.
The name "Wabash" is an English spelling of the earlier French name for the river, Ouabache. French traders derived the French version from the Indian name for the river, Wabashike (pronounced "Wah-bah-she-keh") (meaning "pure white".) Much of the river bottom is white limestone, now obscured by mud.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 97.97%) is land and (or 2.03%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Kosciusko County (north)
Whitley County (northeast)
Huntington County (east)
Grant County (south)
Miami County (west)
Fulton County (northwest)
Cities
Wabash
Towns
La Fontaine
Lagro
North Manchester
Roann
Census-designated places
Laketon
Somerset
Other unincorporated places
America
Bolivar
College Corner
Disko
Ijamsville
Liberty Mills
Lincolnville
Mount Vernon
Newton
Pioneer
Richvalley
Servia
South Haven
Speicherville
Stockdale
Sunnymede
Treaty
Urbana
Valley Brook
Extinct
Dora
Rose Hill
Townships
Chester
Lagro
Liberty
Noble
Paw Paw
Pleasant
Waltz
Major highways
U.S. Route 24
Indiana State Road 13
Indiana State Road 15
Indiana State Road 16
Indiana State Road 114
Indiana State Road 115
Indiana State Road 124
Indiana State Road 218
Indiana State Road 524
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Wabash have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the legislative branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, assessor, prosecutor, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Wabash County is a Republican stronghold in presidential elections. Since 1888, only two Republican Party candidates have lost the county, them being William Howard Taft in 1912 & Barry Goldwater in 1964.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 32,888 people, 12,777 households, and 8,733 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 14,171 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.6% white, 0.7% American Indian, 0.5% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.7% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 31.3% were German, 18.1% were American, 10.1% were English, and 10.0% were Irish.
Of the 12,777 households, 29.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.4% were married couples living together, 9.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.7% were non-families, and 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.92. The median age was 41.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $52,758. Males had a median income of $41,965 versus $26,944 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,475. About 8.8% of families and 11.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.5% of those under age 18 and 8.1% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wabash County, Indiana
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20120621233635/http://www.wabasharea.net/
Wabash County Website
Indiana counties
Indiana placenames of Native American origin
1835 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1835
The Japanese Empire: Grand Strategy from the Meiji Restoration to the Pacific War is a 2017 history book by Sarah C. Paine about the Empire of Japan. The Japanese Empire is the most recent publication by Sarah C. Paine, after 2012's The Wars for Asia, 1911–1949. Unlike their previous works, this book focuses chiefly on Japan, whereas their other works had instead focused on Russia or China.
Contents
The Japanese Empire details the history of Japan, in particular, its attempts to become a great power, from the beginning of the Meiji era in 1868, to the end of the Pacific War in 1945, and how this can be applied to contemporary American foreign policy. The book focuses on Japan's grand strategy, which, in Paine's description, "integrates all relevant elements of national power. It extends far beyond military power to encompass economic influence, co-ordination with allies, intelligence gathering and analysis, propaganda, institution building, international law, etc." Paine argues in the book that the lack of a properly defined grand strategy was the cause of Japan's military failures during the 1930s and 1940s.
The book is divided into seven chapters – the first is an introduction of Meiji-era Japan, chapters two and three deal with the First Sino-Japanese War and Russo-Japanese War respectively, chapter four is about the interwar period, running from 1906 to 1931, chapters five and six detail the "fourteen year war" (1931-1945), and the final chapter serves as the book's conclusion, and places the conflicts of the Japanese Empire in a wider social and historical context. Each of the chapters addresses the underlying and proximate causes of the conflicts, the outcomes of significant battles, and the grand strategies of the nations involved.
Reception
Tonio Andrade of Emory University praised The Japanese Empire's "clear and vibrant prose", and called it "a vital contribution not just to the history of Japan, but to the study of global geopolitics and grand strategy". Similarly, Louis G. Perez of Illinois State University gave attention to Paine's "sophisticated and nuanced scholarship", and suggested that the book "should be required reading for any scholar of modern Japanese history". Strife Journal praised the focus on grand strategy, saying that it "offers readers a unique vantage point" and "presents not only a coherent, but also a compelling narrative, of how the Japanese went from the ascendant Meiji Restoration to suffering the devastation of the atom bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki."
In The Japanese Empire, Paine argued that Imperial Japan shifted its military power from maritime to continental, and that, by their nature, continental powers encourage conflict, whereas maritime powers encourage peace, which some reviewers considered overly simplistic and lacking in nuance compared to the rest of the book. David Stoffey of Charged Affairs opined that "world leaders would be wise to find value in their arguments for wartime speed and objectivity. Conversely, however, their second thesis stumbles to broad, binary arguments and subsequently fails to find equal application. Continental powers can be as peaceful as maritime ones—the Congress of Vienna is excellent proof."
References
2017 non-fiction books
Books by Sarah C. Paine
History books about Japan
History books about Russia
History books about China
History books about World War II
Cambridge University Press books
The Reverend Geoffrey J. Paxton has been an ordained minister in the Anglican Church of Australia.  They are a graduate of Australian College of Theology and the University of Queensland. They tutored in the history of Christian thought at the University of Queensland, and in Greek and New Testament studies in the Brisbane College of Theology. Paxton traveled extensively in the United States, Britain, South Africa, the Philippines and New Zealand lecturing in Reformation theology. They have also held classes on homiletics (preaching) for over a decade.
Biography
Paxton served as the first resident minister at The Gap Anglican Church in Brisbane, and was principal of the Queensland Bible Institute (now Brisbane School of Theology) in Brisbane, Australia for 7 years. The Malny Anglican Church bulletin for May 15, 2016 lists a Reverend Geoffrey Paxton as deceased that year; whether this is the same Paxton or not is uncertain.
Interaction with Adventists
Paxton has had significant interaction with the Seventh-day Adventist Church, and a "keen interest" in its theology. This began through their acquaintance with Robert Brinsmead, as both were critical of the charismatic movement. One source described the pair as "anti-Charismatic crusaders" after one meeting. They held public meetings supporting belief in justification by faith alone. Paxton contributed to Brinsmead's Present Truth Magazine.
They published The Shaking of Adventism in 1977, about the struggle within the Adventist church over what it means to be saved, and also over the nature of Christ. It evaluates the Adventist claim to being heirs of the Protestant Reformation. The title comes from the traditional concept in Adventism of a "shaking" time.
The Adventist magazine Spectrum devoted a special section to the book (see below). Also Adventist Richard Rice affirmed the book's review of past and then-present views of salvation in Adventism as "well informed and generally accurate", yet claims the standard by which Paxton compares Adventist views as "artificial". They say, "Paxton reads more into their claim to be heirs of the Reformation than most Adventists do," and "the Reformers themselves held that justification and sanctification are inseparable."
Paxton lost their job at the Bible school because of their association with Adventists, or as Desmond Ford puts it, "because of their refusal to lay aside their interest in the Adventist 'cult'."
See also
Seventh-day Adventist interfaith relations
References
Other resources:
Erwin R. Gane. Review (DjVu) of The Shaking of Adventism. Andrews University Seminary Studies Autumn 1978, v16, p420–22
External links
The Shaking of Adventism by Paxton, reprinted on the Present Truth Magazine website (formerly of Robert Brinsmead). Grand Rapids, Michigan: Baker Book House, 1977
"A Discussion of Holiness Theology: Summary of an Interview with Geoffrey J. Paxton". Present Truth Magazine, vol. 6
The 9:3 (July 1978) issue of Spectrum ran a "Special Section: The Shaking of Adventism?":
"A View from the Outside" by Fritz Guy
"Paxton's Misunderstanding of Adventism" by Herbert Douglass
"The Truth of Paxton's Thesis" by Desmond Ford
"Paxton and the Reformers" by Hans LaRondelle
"An Interview with Paxton" by Jonathan M. Butler, p58–60
Responses: "On Paxton", letters to the editor from Richard B. Lewis, George W. Colvin, Jr. and Eric C. Webster. Spectrum 9:4, p63–64.
Responses: "On Paxton", letters to the editor from Douglas Hackleman and (brief) Thomas J. Zwemer. Spectrum 10:1, p60–63
Australian Anglican priests
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lord Henry Cavendish-Bentinck (28 May 1863 – 6 October 1931), known as Henry Cavendish-Bentinck until 1880, was a British Conservative politician.
Biography
Cavendish-Bentinck was the eldest son of Lieutenant-General Arthur Cavendish-Bentinck from their second marriage to Augusta Mary Elizabeth, 1st Baroness Bolsover. Their paternal grandfather Lord William Charles Augustus Cavendish-Bentinck was the third son of William Cavendish-Bentinck, 3rd Duke of Portland, while William Cavendish-Bentinck, 6th Duke of Portland, was their elder half-brother. In 1880 they were granted the rank of a younger son of a duke on their half-brother's succession to the dukedom.
They entered Parliament for Norfolk North-West in 1886, defeating Joseph Arch, a seat they lost in 1892, when Arch reclaimed the seat. They returned to the House of Commons in 1895 when they were elected for Nottingham South, a seat they held until 1906 and again from 1910 to 1929.
Cavendish-Bentinck held a commission in the Derbyshire Imperial Yeomanry, where they gained the rank of lieutenant-colonel. They served in the Second Boer War in South Africa 1899–1900, where they were appointed to the Staff on 20 February 1900.
Family
Cavendish-Bentinck married, in 1882, Lady Olivia Caroline Amelia, daughter of Thomas Taylour, Earl of Bective, and granddaughter of the 3rd Marquess of Headfort. They were known as Lady Henry Bentick, and was mentioned in despatches (29 November 1900) by Lord Roberts, Commander-in-Chief, for civilian services during the Second Boer War.
Lord Henry died in October 1931, aged 68. Lady Henry died in November 1939, aged 70.
Notes
References
Kidd, Charles, Williamson, David (editors). Debrett's Peerage and Baronetage (1990 edition). New York: St Martin's Press, 1990,
External links
1863 births
1931 deaths
Lord-Lieutenants of Westmorland
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
UK MPs 1886–1892
UK MPs 1895–1900
UK MPs 1900–1906
UK MPs 1910
UK MPs 1910–1918
UK MPs 1918–1922
UK MPs 1922–1923
UK MPs 1923–1924
UK MPs 1924–1929
Members of London County Council
Derbyshire Yeomanry officers
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Gustav Vasas intåg i Stockholm 1523 (or Gustav Vasa enters Stockholm 1523) is a painting painted for the Nationalmuseum in Stockholm by the Swedish painter Carl Larsson. It was completed in 1908. The painting depicts Gustav Vasa of Sweden as they are about to enter Stockholm in 1523 to be king.
Larsson started planning to paint the picture in 1897, but was not allowed to start working until November 1906. The canvasses were largely completed by November 1907, and were hung on the walls on Nationalmuseum on January 28, 1908.
References
Bo Lindwall: Carl Larsson och Nationalmuseum, Rabén & Sjögren, Stockholm 1969.
Georg Nordensvan: Carl Larsson. Andra delen. 1890-1919, Norstedts, Stockholm 1921.
1908 paintings
Paintings by Carl Larsson
Paintings in the collection of the Nationalmuseum Stockholm
Horses in art
Swedish War of Liberation
Gustav I of Sweden
Roy Dotrice (26 May 1923 – 16 October 2017) was a British actor famed for their portrayal of the antiquarian John Aubrey in the record-breaking solo play Brief Lives.
Abroad, they won a Tony Award for their performance in the 2000 Broadway revival of A Moon for the Misbegotten, also appearing as Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's father Leopold in Amadeus (1984), Charles Dickens in Dickens of London (1984), and Jacob Wells/Father in Beauty and the Beast. Late in life, they narrated a series of audiobooks for George R. R. Martin's epic fantasy series A Song of Ice and Fire, for which they held the Guinness World Record for the most character voices for an audiobook by an individual.
Life and career
Dotrice was born in Guernsey, Bailiwick of Guernsey on 26 May 1923 to Neva (née Wilton; 1897–1984) and Louis Dotrice (1896–1991). They served as a wireless operator/air gunner with the Royal Air Force during the Second World War, and was imprisoned in a German prisoner of war camp from 1942 to 1945, after being shot down in Avro Manchester R5840 of No.106 Squadron based at Coningsby, all seven airmen of the crew being taken Prisoner of War.
Radio
Dotrice was the voice of "Permanent Under-Secretary Sir Gregory Pitkin" in the early episodes of BBC Radio's long-running comedy The Men from the Ministry. They were succeeded by Ronald Baddiley in the role.
They also played the caretaker Ramsay alongside Patricia Hayes in the Radio 2 sitcom Know Your Place.
Theatre
Dotrice played the part of John Aubrey in Brief Lives, a one-man play devised and directed by Patrick Garland that saw Dotrice hold the stage for more than two-and-a-half hours (including the interval, during which they would feign sleep). Premiering in 1967 at the Hampstead Theatre in London, the play later toured England, before two successful productions on Broadway. In 1968 it moved to the Criterion Theatre in the West End, where it ran for 400 performances before transferring to the Mayfair Theatre. They revived the role in 2008, again under Patrick Garland's direction.
These runs, combined with extensive international touring, earned Dotrice a place in the Guinness World Records for the greatest number of solo performances (1,782). In 1984 they starred opposite Rosemary Harris in a production of Noël Coward's Hay Fever. They appeared in the stage production of Irving Berlin's White Christmas at The Lowry theatre in Salford from November 2009 to January 2010.
Television
In the 1970s Dotrice played the title role in the television mini-series Dickens of London. They also appeared as Albert Haddock in the BBC television adaptation of A. P. Herbert's Misleading Cases in 1971. In 1972 they played the Curé Ponosse in the BBC2 TV adaptation of Clochemerle (1972).
However, Dotrice was known to North American audiences as "Father" in the 1980s American TV series Beauty and the Beast and Father Gary Barrett, a Catholic priest, in the 1990s series Picket Fences. Their acting career dates from 1945 in a revue called Back Home, performed by ex-POWs in aid of the Red Cross. In an episode of Angel (1999), part of the Buffyverse, they played the role of Roger Wyndam-Pryce, the overbearing father of the character Wesley Wyndam-Pryce. An earlier science-fiction role was Commissioner Simmonds in two episodes of the 1970s series Space: 1999. In 1998 Dotrice appeared in three episodes of the series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys as Zeus.
Dotrice was the subject of This Is Your Life in 1974 when they were surprised by Eamonn Andrews at Pinewood Studios.
Game of Thrones
In June 2010 it was announced that Dotrice would be playing the role of Grand Maester Pycelle in the HBO television series Game of Thrones, an adaptation of George R. R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire books. Dotrice later withdrew from the part for medical reasons and Julian Glover was cast in their place.
Shortly after filming for the second season commenced it was confirmed that Dotrice would be returning to play "Wisdom Hallyne the Pyromancer", who is featured in the installments "The Ghost of Harrenhal" and "Blackwater".
Radio and audiobooks
In 1982 BBC Radio 4 broadcast Dotrice's reading of fellow Guernseyman G.B. Edwards' classic novel The Book of Ebenezer Le Page in twenty-eight 15-minute parts on its Woman's Hour segment. The producer subsequently wrote that the serialisation was "without question the most popular serial I have ever done in the 500 or so I have produced in the last 21 years ...".
They subsequently performed "The Islander", a stage version of The Book of Ebenezer Le Page, to critical success at the Theatre Royal Lincoln. In 2012 AudioGO produced a complete and unabridged recording of Ebenezer Le Page, which is available on Audible.
Dotrice recorded audiobooks for each book in George R. R. Martin's series A Song of Ice and Fire. In 2011 they were awarded the world record for most character voices in an audiobook for their recording of A Game of Thrones, which contained 224.
Dotrice also narrated many storybook adaptations for Disney Records, including The Little Mermaid and Pooh's Heffalump, for which they were nominated for a Grammy Award.
Personal life and death
Dotrice was married to Kay Newman (1929–2007), a television and stage actor, from 1947 until their death in 2007. They had three daughters—Michele, Yvette and Karen—all of whom have acted at various times in their lives. They were the father-in-law of actors Edward Woodward (Michele) and Alex Hyde-White (Karen).
They particularly enjoyed baseball, fishing and football, and was a stalwart member of the Garrick Club. They were appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 2008.
Dotrice died at the age of 94 on 16 October 2017 in London; no cause was given. Their body was cremated.
Select filmography
Film and television
The Heroes of Telemark (1965) – Jensen
A.P. Herbert's 'Misleading Cases'
TV sitcom BBC One 1967 - 1971 19 episodes (3 series)
A Twist of Sand (1968) – David Garland
Lock Up Your Daughters (1969) – Gossip
Toomorrow (1970) – John Williams
The Buttercup Chain (1970) – Martin Carr-Gibbons
Nicholas and Alexandra (1971) – General Alexeiev
Tales From The Crypt (1972) – Charles Gregory (segment 4 "Wish You Were Here")
Hide and Seek (1972) – Mr Grimes
Clochemerle (1972) - Curé Ponosse
Space: 1999 (1975, TV series) – Commissioner Simmonds
Dickens of London (1976, TV series) – Charles Dickens/Mr John Dickens
Sykes (1976, TV series|Squatters) – The Tramp
Saturn 3 (1980, voice overdub of Harvey Keitel) – Benson (voice, uncredited)
Magnum, P.I. (1981, Tropical Madness) - Harcourt
Family Reunion (1981) – Lester Frye
Cheech & Chong's The Corsican Brothers (1984) – The Evil Fuckaire/Ye Old Jailer
Amadeus (1984) – Leopold Mozart
Eliminators (1986) – Abbott Reeves
Shaka Zulu (1986, TV series)
The Wizard (1986, TV series) – Troyan
Faerie Tale Theatre: "The Dancing Princesses" and "Rip Van Winkle" (1987, TV series) – The King/Peter Vanderdonk
Beauty and the Beast (1987–90, TV series) – Jacob "Father"
Suburban Commando (1991) – Zanuck
The Cutting Edge (1992) – Anton Pamchenko
Picket Fences (1992–1995, TV series) – Father Gary Barrett
Going to Extremes (1992, TV series) – Doctor Croft
Children of the Dark (1994, TV) – Dr Burnham
Swimming with Sharks (1994) – Cyrus Miles
Babylon 5: "The Fall of Night" (1995, TV) – Frederick Lantz
The Scarlet Letter (1995) – Rev Thomas Cheever
Mr. & Mrs. Smith (1996; TV series) – Mr Big
Like Father, Like Santa (1998 TV series) – Ambrose Booth
Sliders (1999, TV series) – Marc LeBeau/The Seer/Archibald Chandler
Madigan Men (2000, TV series) – Seamus Madigan
Alien Hunter (2003) – Dr John Bachman
Angel (2003, TV series) – Roger Wyndam-Pryce
Life Begins (2004; TV series)
La Femme Musketeer (2004, TV mini-series) – Commander Finot
These Foolish Things (2006) – Lord Carter
Played (2006) – Jack Rawlings
Go Go Tales (2007) – Jay
Hellboy II: The Golden Army (2008) – King Balor
Game of Thrones (2012, TV series) – Hallyne
Sources:
Voice acting
Watership Down (audiobook)
Robin Hood (TV series)
The Prince and the Pauper (audio book)
Batman: The Animated Series: "The Lion and the Unicorn" as Frederick
Spider-Man (TV series) as Keene Marlow/The Destroyer
The Book of Ebenezer Le Page (audio book)
The Death Gate Cycle Vol. 4: Serpent Mage (audio book)
A Song of Ice and Fire series (audio books)
Sources:
Honours
They were appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2008 New Year Honours.
References
External links
Oxford Dictionary of National Biography, Roy Dotrice
Selected Performances at the Theatre Archive, University of Bristol
Two Old Stagers Find Vigour in Brief Lives
Roy Dotrice(Aveleyman)
1923 births
2017 deaths
20th-century British male actors
21st-century British male actors
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
Audiobook narrators
Best Actor BAFTA Award (television) winners
British male film actors
British male radio actors
British male stage actors
British male television actors
British male voice actors
British World War II prisoners of war
Drama Desk Award winners
Guernsey male actors
Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Royal Air Force airmen
Royal Air Force personnel of World War II
Royal Shakespeare Company members
Shot-down aviators
Tony Award winners
World War II prisoners of war held by Germany
A referendum on the Chaco Treaty with Bolivia was held in Paraguay on 15 August 1938. The treaty was approved by 91% of voters.
Background
Following the 1932–1935 Chaco War between Bolivia and Paraguay, a peace conference was held in Buenos Aires. An agreement, the Chaco Treaty, was signed on 21 July 1938, which required ratification within 20 days. In Bolivia the treaty was approved by Congress, while in Paraguay it was put to a referendum.
Results
References
Referendums in Paraguay
1938 in Paraguay
1938 referendums
Chaco War
August 1938 events
Sergey Mikayelyan (; born April 27, 1992) is an Armenian cross-country skier who has competed since 2008. They finished 70th in the 15 km event at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver.
At the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec, Mikayelyan finished 105th in the individual sprint while getting lapped in the 30 km mixed pursuit event.
They have four victories in lesser events since 2009.
References
1992 births
Armenian male cross-country skiers
Cross-country skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Cross-country skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Living people
Olympic cross-country skiers of Armenia
Universiade medalists in cross-country skiing
Russian people of Armenian descent
Universiade bronze medalists for Armenia
Competitors at the 2017 Winter Universiade
The Aeronca Model K Scout is an American light airplane first marketed in 1937, and was the true successor to the popular C-2/C-3 line.
Design
Powered by a dual-ignition Aeronca E-113C engine, the Model K Scout brought the Aeronca design up to modern aviation standards. Eliminating the Aeronca's traditional “bathtub” appearance, the Scout featured a strut-braced high wing with a fully enclosed cockpit seating two side-by-side.
A total of 357 Aeronca Model K Scouts were built.
Operational history
73 Model K were on the U.S. civil aircraft register in May 2009 and several examples are preserved in museums. The EAA AirVenture Museum in Oshkosh, Wisconsin has an example on display at its Pioneer Airport. N18877 is on display at the Yanks Air Museum in Chino, CA.
Variants
Model K - with Aeronca E-113C engine
Model KC - with Continental A-40 engine
Model KCA - with Continental A-50 engine
Specifications
See also
Aeronca Chief family
References
Notes
Bibliography
Simpson, Rod. Airlife's World Aircraft: The Complete Reference to Civil, Military and Light Aircraft. Shrewsbury, UK: Airlife Publishing, 2001. .
External links
High-wing aircraft
1930s United States civil utility aircraft
Aeronca aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1937
Quinak-e Rakhshani (, also Romanized as Qū'īnak-e Rakhshānī; also known as Qa‘leh Quinak, Qal‘eh-ye Qūīnak, Qū'īnak, Qū'īnak-e Sūkhteh, and Qūnīk) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 474, in 97 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Henry Turner (10 November 1844 – 9 August 1932) was a member of both the member of both the Queensland Legislative Council and the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Early life
Turner was born in November 1844 at Aynho, Northamptonshire, England to Thomas Turner and their wife Leah (née Fathers). They were apprenticed in a plant nursery and then worked as a gardener. Upon arriving in Rockhampton in 1880, they worked at the local meatworks for many years where they began to take an active interest in the labour movement.
Political career
Upon the resignation of James Stewart to stand for a senate seat in the 1901 federal election, Turner, representing the Labour Party, contested the subsequent by-election in June of that year and defeated the Ministerial candidate, John Linnett. The election outcome was successfully challenged in the courts by Linnett and they were declared duly elected.
Turner once again won the seat at the 1902 state election and in the 1904 state election and remained the sitting member till their resignation in May 1907. Two months later, Premier William Kidston appointed Turner to the Legislative Council, remaining there until the Labour members of the Council voted to abolish the Council in March 1922.
Personal life
Turner married Louisa Langford Stevens in Middlesex in 1866. The couple had 5 children. Their wife Louisa died on 11 February 1882 and was buried in the North Rockhampton Cemetery. They subsequently married Ida Martha Ridgewell (b. 29 March 1879; d. 1965) and they had two children, Gwendoline Ida (1911-1975) and Geoffrey Ridgewell (1918-1998).
Henry died in Brisbane in 1932 and was buried in Toowong Cemetery.
References
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
Members of the Queensland Legislative Council
1844 births
1932 deaths
People from Aynho
English emigrants to Australia
Burials at Toowong Cemetery
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Queensland
Mirabad, Mazul may refer to:
Mirabad (36°13′ N 58°40′ E), Mazul
Mirabad (36°18′ N 58°49′ E), Mazul
Vestlandsk or Vestlandske dialekter (West Norwegian) is a collective term for the dialects that are spoken on the coast of western Norway in the area ranging from Romsdal in the north to Agder in the south. These dialects can furthermore be split into north-western dialects
(Nordvestlandske dialekter), south-western dialects (Sørvestlandske dialekter) and southern dialects (Sørlandske dialekter).
Nordvestlandske dialekter (North-Western dialects) have e-infinitive, and extends from the middle of Sogn og Fjordane to Romsdal. Of these, one can mention:
Jølstramål – centering on Jølster
Sunnmørsdialekt – collective term for dialects in Sunnmøre
Romsdalsdialekt – dialect of Romsdal
Sørvestlandske dialekter (South-western dialects) have a-infinitive, and extends from the inner Sogn og Fjordane, through Hordaland and Rogaland and western part of Agder. Of these, one can mention:
Bergensk, Haugesundsk, Stavangersk – these are city dialects (bymål). They have strong simplification, which is characteristic for all urban dialects (bydialekter), but originate from the dialects of the area with which they have much in common.
Jærsk – dialect in Jæren
Strilamål – dialect of Strilelandet, an area around Bergen
Sørlandske dialekter (Southern dialects) have -voicing, guttural R and a-endings, and is spoken in the eastern part of Agder and part of Telemark.
See also
Norwegian dialects
References
Other sources
Jahr, Ernst Håkon (1990) Den Store dialektboka (Oslo: Novus)
Kristoffersen, Gjert (2000) The Phonology of Norwegian (Oxford University Press)
Vanvik, Arne (1979) Norsk fonetikk (Oslo: Universitetet i Oslo)
Norwegian language
Norwegian dialects
Les Échets station (French: Gare des Échets) is a French railway station located in the Les Échets neighbourhood of the commune of Miribel, Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It is located at kilometric point (KP) 20.727 on the Lyon–Bourg-en-Bresse railway, between Sathonay-Rillieux and Mionnay stations. Miribel station, also located in the commune along the Rhône is located on the Lyon—Geneva railway.
The station was put into service in 1866 by the Compagnie de la Dombes.
As of 2020, the station is owned and operated by the SNCF and served by TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes trains.
History
The "station des Échets" was put into service by the Compagnie de la Dombes, on 1 September 1866, along with the opening of railway between Sathonay and Bourg-en-Bresse.
For summer service, beginning 10 May 1869, the station was served by four daily (in each direction) "omnibus mixtes" (passengers and freight) services between Bourg-en-Bresse/Besançon/Mulhouse/Strasbourg and Lyon-Croix-Rousse. On the Bourg-en-Bresse and Lyon-Croix-Rousse service, an addition train was added on Mondays and Wednesdays.
In 1872, the station became part of the Compagnie des Dombes et des chemins de fer du Sud-Est's (DSE) network which substituted its original operator.On 10 September 1921, the station was the location of the Les Échets train accident. An express train between Strasbourg and Lyon derailed while entering the station resulting in the derailing of multiple carriages and a collision with the halle à marchandises. The accident resulted in 39 deaths and more than 60 injuries.
A decree passed on 14 April 1922, awarded the médaille d'honneur des chemins de fer to Jean-Claude-Clément Coulon, the station boss. The decoration was awarded with in relation to train accident of 10 September 1921.
The original passenger building, identical to those constructed at Villars-les-Dombes and Saint-André-de-Corcy stations by the Compagne de la Dombes has since been demolished, resulting in the station becoming a simple halt.
In February 2012, the Côtière liberté réseau intercommunal (Colibri) bus network of the Communauté de communes de Miribel et du Plateau began serving a stop near the station.
In 2019, the SNCF estimated that 160,821 passengers traveled through the station.
Services
Passenger services
Classified as a PANG (point d'accès non géré), the station is unstaffed and equipped with automatic ticket dispensers.
Train services
As of 2020, the station is served by the following services:
Regional services (TER Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes 32) Bourg-en-Bresse ... Lyon.
Intermodality
In addition to a parking lot for passengers, the station is equipped with secure bicycle storage facilities.
Bus lines 1 and 3 of the Côtière liberté réseau intercommunal (Colibri), serve the nearby gare des Échets stop.
References
Railway stations in Ain
Ian Fleming: Bondmaker is a 2005 BBC Television drama telling the life story of the British author Ian Fleming.
Cast
George Asprey as Officer
External links
BBC television dramas
Works about Ian Fleming
Spy drama television films
Films directed by John Alexander
Huntington County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. According to the 2020 United States Census, the population was 36,662. The county seat (and only city) is Huntington.
Huntington County comprises the Huntington, IN Micropolitan Statistical Area and is included in the Fort Wayne–Huntington–Auburn Combined Statistical Area
History
Huntington County was organized from previously unorganized Indiana territory and lands gained by the Adams New Purchase of 1818. The county's creation was authorized by act of the Indiana State legislature dated 2 February 1832. Organization of the county's governing structure began on 5 May 1834. The first non-Native American settlers in what has since become Huntington County were a group of 29 farm families from Connecticut who arrived in the early 1830s. These were "Yankee" settlers, meaning they were descended from the English Puritans who settled New England in the colonial era. These settlers were able to get to what has since become Huntington County due to the construction of the Wabash and Erie Canal, which was a shipping canal that connected the Great Lakes to the Ohio River by way of a human-made waterway. When they arrived in what has since become Huntington County the settlers from Connecticut found dense virgin forest and wild prairie. The original 29 "Yankee" families from Connecticut laid out roads, built a post office, established post routes, and built a town hall, a church and a school house from the trees in the area which they cut down. The county was named for Samuel Huntington, who signed the Declaration of Independence and the Articles of Confederation. They were also President of the Continental Congress under the Articles of Confederation.
Geography
The terrain of Huntington County consists of low rolling hills, completely devoted to agriculture or urban development. The Wabash River flows to the west through the upper central part of the county, while the Salamonie River flows to the west through the lower part. Its highest point (about 925'/282 meters ASL) is at the SW corner.
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 98.69%) is land and (or 1.31%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Whitley County - north
Allen County - northeast
Wells County - east
Grant County - south
Wabash County - west
Highways
Interstate 69
U.S. Route 24
U.S. Route 224
State Road 3
State Road 5
State Road 9
State Road 16
State Road 105
State Road 114
State Road 116
State Road 124
State Road 218
City and towns
Andrews
Banquo
Bippus
Goblesville
Huntington (city)
Lancaster
Majenica
Markle (partial)
Monument City
Mount Etna
Plum Tree
Roanoke
Warren
Townships
Clear Creek
Dallas
Huntington
Jackson
Jefferson
Lancaster
Polk
Rock Creek
Salamonie
Union
Warren
Wayne
Unincorporated communities
Banquo
Bippus
Bowerstown
Bracken
Buckeye
Goblesville
Harlansburg
Lancaster
Mahon
Majenica
Makin
Mardenis
Milo
Pleasant Plain
Plum Tree
Roanoke Station
Rock Creek Center
Simpson
Protected areas
JE Roush Fish and Wildlife Area
Lost Bridge State Recreation Area
Notable people
Public Servants
Samuel E. Cook (1860–1946), US Congressman
J. Danforth Quayle, US Representative, Senator, Vice-president
J. Edward Roush (1920–2004), US Representative, Father of "911"
John R. Kissinger (1877–1946), early Malaria test subject
Elizebeth (Smith) Friedman (1892–1980), author and pioneer in cryptology during WWI to WWII era, called "America's first female cryptanalyst"
Celebrities
Chris Schenkel (1923–2005), sportscaster
Archbishop John F. Noll (1875–1956), founded Catholic newspaper 'Our Sunday Visitor'. Founded Victory Noll and St. Felix Monastery.
Sandy Thomson, Chief Weather Specialist, WANE-TV Fort Wayne
Artists
Mick Mars, guitarist for Mötley Crüe.
Eiffel G. Plasterer (fl. 1950s), pioneer in soap bubble art
Athletes
Gary Dilley, Tokyo Olympics swimmer
George Haines, Olympic Women's Swim coach
Glen S. Hummer, Tokyo Olympics Men's Swim coach
W.L. Seibold, national horseshoe champion
Mark Seibold, World horseshoe champion (1966, 1969, 1979, 1986)
Ned Steele, 1938 national Ping Pong champion.
Steve Platt, basketball player and former coach at Huntington University. Indiana's all-time collegiate scoring leader (3,700 points), placing them seventh on the list of all-time collegiate scorers at any level. Led the nation in scoring (1973, 1974).
Lisa Winter, basketball player at Ball State University and Valparaiso University. Indiana's Miss Basketball 1996.
Matt Pike, football player at Purdue University and in the Arena Football League, 1999–Present. Won AF2 Title with Peoria in 2002.
Chris Kramer, professional basketball player. Kramer played college basketball at Purdue University where they were two-time Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year.
Points of interest
Huntington County Historical Museum
Huntington University Arboretum and Botanical Garden
Huntington University
J. Edward Roush Lake
Joseph Decuis Restaurant
Merillat Centre for the Arts
Our Sunday Visitor Corporate Headquarters
Sheets Wildlife Museum and Learning Center
Sunken Gardens
The Forks Of The Wabash
The Indiana Room Genealogy Center
Tel-Hy Nature Preserve
Two-EE's Winery
United States Vice Presidential Museum
Victory Noll Center
Education
School district
Huntington County Community School Corporation
Private schools
Huntington Area Home Educators
Huntington Catholic School
Higher education
Huntington University
News and Media
Newspapers
The Herald-Press daily newspaper
The Huntington County TAB
Warren Weekly
HuntingtonFreePress
Huntingtonian
Radio
WBZQ 1300 AM
Huntington North High School WVSH Viking Radio
WQHU-LP Huntington University Radio WQHU 105.5-FM Forester Radio]
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Huntington have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1982 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The fiscal branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives, elected to four-year terms from county districts, are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive and legislative body of the county. The commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners are charged with collecting revenue and managing the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that handles civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. These officers are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare party affiliations and to be residents of the county.
Huntington County is part of Indiana's 3rd congressional district; Indiana Senate districts 17 and 19; and Indiana House of Representatives district 50.
Presidential Election Analysis: Huntington County has been strongly Republican; Lyndon B. Johnson was the last Democratic Party candidate to carry the county (1964).
Demographics
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 37,124 people, 14,218 households, and 10,074 families in the county. The population density was . There were 15,805 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.1% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.4% black or African American, 0.5% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.7% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 37.9% were German, 14.9% were Irish, 12.9% were American, and 12.1% were English.
Of the 14,218 households, 32.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.5% were married couples living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 29.1% were non-families, and 24.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 2.97. The median age was 39.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $55,630. Males had a median income of $41,648 versus $30,218 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,575. About 7.7% of families and 11.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.6% of those under age 18 and 9.8% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Huntington County, Indiana
Further reading
History of Huntington County, Indiana. Walsworth Publishing Co. (1887).
References
External links
Huntington County Chamber of Commerce
Official Web site of Huntington, Indiana
Huntington County Community Network
Huntington Herald Press daily newspaper
Huntington County United Economic Development
Indiana counties
1832 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1832
Fort Wayne, IN Metropolitan Statistical Area
Sundown towns in Indiana
Karl Walter Anderson (November 5, 1900 – February 28, 1989) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. They were born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. In 1924 they finished fifth in the 110 metre hurdles competition at the Paris Games.
References
External links
1900 births
1989 deaths
American male hurdlers
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1924 Summer Olympics
South High School (Minnesota) alumni
Catalina Pérez Jaramillo (born 8 November 1994) is a Colombian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Spanish Primera División club Real Betis and the Colombia women's national team.
Early life
Born in Bogotá, Colombia, Pérez moved to Boca Raton, Florida as a young child and started playing soccer when they were eight years old. They played their entire youth career at Team Boca Soccer Club and attended the University of Miami.
Club career
Pérez is a former player of United Women's Soccer club New England Mutiny. They also played for the Team Boca Blast of the WPSL
International career
At the age of 15, Pérez represented Colombia U20 in 2010 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup but did not play any matches.
On 20 May 2015, Pérez was selected in the Colombian U-23 squad for the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup. After not playing in the group stage they made their World Cup debut on 22 June 2015, against the United States, when the usual starter Sandra Sepúlveda was suspended due to yellow card accumulation. However, Pérez did not play the entire match because in the 47th minute (the beginning of the second half) they brought down US forward Alex Morgan inside the penalty area. This resulted in a penalty for the United States and a red card for Pérez, who was dismissed from the game. Abby Wambach eventually missed the penalty but the United States took advantage of having one more player on the field and scored two goals to eliminate Colombia 2–0 in the Round of 16.
References
External links
Catalina Pérez on Football.it
1994 births
Living people
Women's association football goalkeepers
Colombian women's footballers
Footballers from Bogotá
Colombia women's international footballers
2015 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Olympic footballers of Colombia
Footballers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games gold medalists for Colombia
Pan American Games medalists in football
Footballers at the 2019 Pan American Games
Fiorentina Women's F.C. players
Colombian expatriate women's footballers
Colombian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate women's footballers in Italy
Colombian emigrants to the United States
Naturalized citizens of the United States
American women's soccer players
Soccer players from Florida
Sportspeople from Boca Raton, Florida
American sportspeople of Colombian descent
Expatriates in Spain
Miami Hurricanes women's soccer players
Mississippi State Bulldogs women's soccer players
American expatriate women's soccer players
American expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
S.S.D. Napoli Femminile players
Serie A (women's football) players
Propsteikirche means provost or abbey church in German.
Churches named Propsteikirche include:
Propsteikirche (Königsberg)
Worms Cathedral
Propsteikirche St. Laurentius, Kloster Wedinghausen, Arnsberg
Propsteikirche St. Ludgerus, Billerbeck
Propsteikirche St. Peter und Paul, Bochum
Propsteikirche Maria Himmelfahrt, Bolzano
Propsteikirche St. Petrus und Andreas, Brilon
Propsteikirche St. Peter und Paul, Dessau
Propsteikirche St. Johannes Baptist, Dortmund
Propsteikirche St. Augustinus, Gelsenkirchen
Propsteikirche St. Urbanus, Buer, Germany
Propsteipfarrkirche St. Mariä Himmelfahrt, Jülich
Propsteikirche St. Nikolaus, Kiel
Propsteikirche St. Remigius, Kusel
Propsteikirche St. Trinitatis, Leipzig
Propsteikirche Herz Jesu, Lübeck
Propsteikirche St. Anna, Schwerin
Propsteikirche St.-Patrokli-Dom, Soest
Propsteikirche St. Georg, Vechta
Propsteikirche Sankt Josef, Verden an der Aller
Propsteikirche St. Gertrud von Brabant, Wattenscheid
German words and phrases
Stierva is a former municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Alvaschein, Mon, Stierva, Tiefencastel, Alvaneu, Brienz/Brinzauls and Surava merged to form the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.
In the 2000 census, some two-thirds of the population declared Romansh as a first language, with most of the rest speaking German.
History
Stierva is first mentioned in 841 Seturiuo. Until 1943 Stierva was known as Stürvis.
Geography
Before the merger, Stierva had a total area of . Of this area, 49.3% is used for agricultural purposes, while 42.1% is forested. Of the rest of the land, 1.8% is settled (buildings or roads) and the remainder (6.7%) is non-productive (rivers, glaciers or mountains).
The municipality is located in the Alvaschein sub-district of the Albula district. It is a haufendorf (an irregular, unplanned and quite closely packed village, built around a central square) above the lower Albula valley.
Demographics
Stierva had a population (as of 2013) of 134. , 1.5% of the population was made up of foreign nationals. Over the last 10 years the population has decreased at a rate of -5.8%. Most of the population () speaks Rhaeto-Romance (66.4%), with German being second most common (32.8%) and Italian being third ( 0.8%).
, the gender distribution of the population was 46.6% male and 53.4% female. The age distribution, , in Stierva is; 20 people or 15.6% of the population are between 0 and 9 years old. 6 people or 4.7% are 10 to 14, and people or 0.0% are 15 to 19. Of the adult population, 17 people or 13.3% of the population are between 20 and 29 years old. 21 people or 16.4% are 30 to 39, 15 people or 11.7% are 40 to 49, and 12 people or 9.4% are 50 to 59. The senior population distribution is 13 people or 10.2% of the population are between 60 and 69 years old, 16 people or 12.5% are 70 to 79, there are 7 people or 5.5% who are 80 to 89, and there is 1 person or 0.8% who are 90 to 99.
In the 2007 federal election the most popular party was the CVP which received 45.2% of the vote. The next three most popular parties were the SVP (40.6%), the SPS (7.8%) and the FDP (5.9%).
In Stierva about 66.7% of the population (between age 25-64) have completed either non-mandatory upper secondary education or additional higher education (either university or a Fachhochschule).
Stierva has an unemployment rate of 0%. , there were 21 people employed in the primary economic sector and about 11 businesses involved in this sector. 6 people are employed in the secondary sector and there are 2 businesses in this sector. 7 people are employed in the tertiary sector, with 4 businesses in this sector.
The historical population is given in the following table:
References
External links
Official website
Albula/Alvra
Former municipalities of Graubünden
Carlton House is a historic Spanish Colonial Revival house located in Pine Valley of the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado. It has been used as a residence for Mrs. Albert E. Carlton, a country club called the Pine Valley Club and, among other Academy functions, a residence for the United States Air Force Academy Superintendent.
Overview
Richard Requa, an architect from San Diego designed the Spanish Colonial Revival house. The main house was built in two phases: the first floor was completed in 1930 and the second floor was completed in 1935. A total of nine buildings were built on the Carlton House property, which includes two guest houses, an auxiliary kitchen, a tea house, pool house, bath house, two stables and a swimming pool. The complex sits on 25.9 acres of heavily wooded with pine, scrub oak and many varieties of evergreen. West Monument Creek crosses the southern edge of the property. Rampart Range to the west of the property affords scenic views from the house and property.
Richard Requa's designs were a "Southern California Style" of Spanish Colonial Revival architecture which they defined in their book Architectural Details: Spain and the Mediterranean:
Buildings simple in mass and pleasing in outline and proportion
Walls built of rough masonry, finished on the exterior with stucco, whitewashed or tinted light pastel shades
Roofs either flat or low pitched, covered with well rounded, burned clay tiles
Ornament used with restraint, discrimination, and with definite reason and purpose
Exterior interest obtained by wrought iron, wood or stucco, window grilles, shutters, balconies or similar practical features
Focal point of exterior usually the main entrance where the finest ornamental work is concentrated
Courts, patios and gardens an indispensable feature of the architectural treatment
Carlton residence
The house was first built as a residence for Albert E. Carlton and their wife Ethel Frizzell-Carlton. In 1928, Carlton purchased the property from William A. Otis to build a home for their wife. Carlton was a successful business person, having invested in mines, banks and railroads. They were named "King of Cripple Creek" due to the success of their mines there, including Cresson Mine, "one of the most profitable mines in the town".
Mrs. Carlton had become enamored of the Spanish Colonial Revival architecture during their travels across Southern California. Subsequently architect Richard Requa was hired to design their home. The house was a "leading social center in the region." However, Carlton preferred to live at The Broadmoor resort and never lived at the Pine Valley home. Mr. Carlton died in 1931. Mrs. Carlton furnished the home with antiques that they purchased in Europe and lived there until 1950. They donated antique furnishings to The Broadmoor.
Country Club
Jack Valentine of Florida purchased the property from Mrs. Carlton for the Pine Valley Club, a popular private country club with a golf course and swimming pool. They landscaped the property and built a pool house and auxiliary kitchen. They sold the property to the government in 1955.
Air Force Academy
The house was used as a Junior-Senior High School during the period in which the School District 20 were completed. Then, due to funding considerations, the house was allocated for use as a home for the Academy Superintendent. Before the Cadet Chapel was completed, weddings were conducted on the property for cadets. It has also been used for visits by foreign dignitaries and Academy functions.
Buildings
All of the following buildings have a stuccoed exterior. The main house has two stories and the rest are one story buildings. Generally the interior walls are plaster. There are multiple courtyards among and between the buildings.
Maintenance costs
In 2000, Congress mandated that maintenance costs for generals' residences should not exceed $25,000 per year. Anything more than that would require approval. An audit of maintenance expenses found that $2.4 million total had been spent between 1987 and June, 1999; $500,000 covered by the military family housing budget and the remainder from the base operation and maintenance budget. It was estimated that an additional total of $1.2 million would be spent through the fiscal year end in 2006.
The auditors found that there were unwarranted expenditures and that there had been inconsistent tagging of public (Academy) vs. private (residential) space and resource usage, which affects which budget is used to pay the expenses. For instance, $300,000 was spent to renovate the kitchen, which had been identified as public space. However, there were about 1.4 functions per month that required the use of the kitchen and most of the improvements were thought to have benefited the residential occupants. Further, renovations were being made more frequently than was standard practice.
The audit stipulated that "Air Force guidance on historical housing facilities states bases should consider major upgrading, alternate uses, or disposing of historic housing if repair and maintenance costs become excessive."
References
Carlton House
Buildings and structures in Colorado Springs, Colorado
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Colorado State Register of Historic Properties
Military facilities on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
Houses in El Paso County, Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in Colorado Springs, Colorado
Houses completed in 1935
1935 establishments in Colorado
This is a list of cathedrals in the state of Illinois, United States:
See also
List of cathedrals in the United States
References
Illinois
Cathedrals in Illinois
Illinois
Cathedrals
The Kad network is a peer-to-peer (P2P) network which implements the Kademlia P2P overlay protocol. The majority of users on the Kad Network are also connected to servers on the eDonkey network, and Kad Network clients typically query known nodes on the eDonkey network in order to find an initial node on the Kad network.
Usage
The Kad network uses a UDP-based protocol to:
Find sources for eD2k hashes.
Search for eD2k hashes based on keywords in the file name.
Find comments and ratings for files (hashes).
Provide buddy services for firewalled (Low ID) nodes.
Store locations, comments and (keywords out of) filenames.
Note that the Kad network is not used to actually transfer files across the P2P network. Instead, when a file transfer is initiated, clients connect directly to each other (using the standard public IP network). This traffic is susceptible to blocking/shaping/tracking by an ISP or any other opportunistic middle-man.
As with all decentralized networks, the Kad network requires no official or common servers. As such, it cannot be disabled by shutting down a given subset of key nodes. While the decentralization of the network prevents a simple shut-down, traffic analysis and deep packet inspection will more readily identify the traffic as P2P due to the high variable-destination packet throughput. The large packet volume typically causes a reduction in available CPU and/or network resources usually associated with P2P traffic.
Clients
Client search
The Kad network supports searching of files by name and a number of secondary characteristics such as size, extension, bit-rate, and more. Features vary based on client used.
Major clients
Only a few major clients currently support the Kad network implementation. However, they comprise over 80% of the user base and are probably closer to 95% of ed2k installations.
eMule: An open source Windows client which is the most popular, with 80% of network users. It also runs on Linux using the Wine libraries.
There are a number of minor variants, or forks, of eMule which support the same basic features as eMule itself. They include: aMule (A Linux client similar to eMule) and eMule Mods (not eMule Plus), possibly others.
aMule: An open source client popular among Linux Operating Systems. Currently aMule (officially) supports a wide variety of platforms and operating systems.
MLDonkey: An open source, cross-platform client that runs on many platforms and supports numerous other file-sharing protocols as well.
iMule: An anonymous, open source, cross-platform client. Supports only the Kad network and I2P network. eDonkey network has been dropped.
Lphant: Supports also eDonkey network and BitTorrent protocol. To use Kad network make sure you have 3.51 version.
Malware/virus
TDL-4: A botnet virus that is reported to use this network as a backup for updates and new instructions if its Command and Control servers are taken down.
See also
Distributed hash table
Kademlia
References
External links
A global view of KAD
Improving Lookup Performance over a Widely-Deployed DHT
File sharing networks
Overlay networks
Key-based routing
Mix networks
Emirhan Ergün (born 18 February 1990) is a Turkish professional football player. Ergün plays as a goalkeeper for Derincespor.
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from Bakırköy
Association football goalkeepers
Turkish footballers
Turkey youth international footballers
Galatasaray A2 footballers
Galatasaray S.K. footballers
Footballers from Istanbul
Immanuel Ness is a scholar of worker's organisation, migration, mobilisation and politics and labour activist teaching at Brooklyn College of the City University of New York.
Their contribution is on worker's movements and party formation in the Global South, where they have worked with leading activists in India, South Africa, and beyond. In 1990, they founded the New York Unemployed Committee.  They are author and editor of numerous articles and academic and popular books on labour, worker insurgencies and trade unions. Notably, they worked with Mexican workers, unions, and community organizations in New York City to establish a Code of Conduct for migrant laborers in 2001 who were paid below minimum wage.
Published work
Ness is editor of the Journal of Labor and Society. The Journal of Labor and Society, JLSO in short, is a quarterly peer-review social science publication founded in 1997 that examines global political economy, imperialism, workers and labor organisations, and assesses transformative social movements. JLSO editorial board includes scholars in academia and activists in labour movements throughout the world, including Marcel van der Linden, Frances Fox Piven Amiya Kumar Bagchi and Samir Amin. Ness is a general editor of the eight-volume Encyclopedia of Revolution and Protest: 1500 to the Present, Encyclopedia of Global Human Migration, and the Palgrave Encyclopedia of Imperialism and Anti-Imperialism, published from 2009 to 2016. Their research primarily concerns the situation and politics of the international working class and, more generally, "the poor", as well as low-wage labour or contractual and informal workers, particularly in the Global South.
Their works include "Organizing Insurgency: Workers' Movements in the Global South" "Southern Insurgency: The Coming of the Global Working Class" (Pluto 2015) "Immigrants, Unions and the New U.S. Labor Market" & Choke Points: Logistics Workers Disrupting the Global Supply Chain w/ Jake Alimahomed-Wilson (Pluto Press 2018) and Guest Workers and U.S. Corporate Despotism (University of Illinois Press 2011). Their numerous editing projects include the Encyclopedia of American Social Movements (M.E Sharpe). The four volume work was recipient of the American Library Association, Best Reference Source.
In 2011, they co-edited Ours to Master and to Own: Workers Councils from the Commune to the Present (Haymarket Books 2011/Neuer ISP Verlag 2013). The volume covers 22 case histories of factory occupations and workers' councils over the past 150 years. Their publications appear in English, Spanish, German, Italian, French, Chinese, and Japanese. Ness is a general editor of Encyclopedia of Global Human Migration (Wiley Blackwell 2013), a 5-volume examination of human mobility from prehistory to the present. In 2014, Ness authored a book titled Southern Insurgency: the Rise of the Global Working Class.
Practice and Theory
They were a trade union organiser in the U.S. and labour activist in the Global South from 1989 to 2021. During this period, they learned to advocate on behalf of disconnected jobless workers to organize their own association directly at New York State unemployed offices. In 1990, they co-founded the New York Unemployed Committee (1990–1993), which successfully organised jobless workers at New York State unemployment centers to press for federal unemployment benefit extensions through public protests and demonstrations directed at national and state elected officials, in many cases, often members of the Democratic Party who had surrendered to Republicans during the presidency of George H.W. Bush. Rallies were held in New York City, and with other jobless organizations in Washington, DC, and Kennebunkport, Maine, vacation home of Bush in August 1991.
Fordism, Post-Fordism and Community labor coalition
Ness' work is rooted in understanding production and manufacturing as essential to understanding the labour movement and capitalism. Fordism is viewed as an exceptional period which is not the norm; rather the dispersal of industry has pushed the development of contractors and dispersed work sites. In this way, in 1998, they co-founded the Lower East Side Community Labor Coalition in New York City with Michael Farrin, Cèsar Ayala and members of progressive and leftist local groups, which mobilised low-wage workers with support of UNITE Local 169, a labor union in the neighborhood that was previously affiliated with the Amalgamated Clothing and Textile Workers Union. The campaign expanded into a successful effort to mobilise Mexican and Latino immigrant workers along with Mexican workers and the Mexican American Workers Association (AMAT), a workers' center in New York. They helped organise large Mayday demonstrations in New York City, centered around authentic-worker led mobilizations for immigrant rights from 1999 to 2001, often culminating in mass arrests of street theatre and protests by New York City police, setting a precedent of immigrant leadership and participation in the US organisation of the annual worldwide labour holiday. In 2002, when the greengrocer workers campaign ended as part of a trade union brokered deal between two rival unions, Ness vocally opposed the bureaucratic arrangement, and became disenchanted with the failure of established and traditional labour unions to defend worker interests at a time when the power of immigrant workers were at a peak in New York. At the time they have also withdrawn and criticised progressive local Democratic Party operatives for their entrance into mainstream politics, and failure to move beyond conventional electoral politics to community-based organizing.
Working class spontaneity and Marxism–Leninism
In 2000, their research became more critical of traditional unions, and they began to participate in advancing rank-and-file self-activity outside of traditional structures through new forms of autonomist Marxist unions. Their advocacy included solidarity efforts with new and independent unions that had few or limited links to trade union centers and affiliates. Their work included support for unions where workers had formed parallel structures of representation in the U.S. and in other countries. Much of their organising since 2010 has focused on a rejection of utopian and idealist notions propounded by social democrats and other leftists and applying classical Marxism to ongoing struggles, re-conceptualisation of the nature of the working class as a social force, and supporting the formation of building disciplined workers parties, both accountable to mass workers.
Publications 1995 to 2012
As they initiated a campaign in New York city to advance the rights of the most exploited migrant workers, their scholarly output also centered on the immigrant workers.  They are completing the co-authored work: Migration in a World of Inequality (Monthly Review Press 2014). Ness is also writing on working class self-activity, labour migration, anarcho-syndicalism, workers' councils and cooperatives and new forms of worker organization in the United States, Caribbean, Africa, South Asia, Latin America, and Europe.  They are researching independent workers organisations and documenting mobilizations outside of traditional labour models—including efforts to organise autonomous and syndicalist unions outside traditional labour jurisdictions, anti-capitalism, and opposition to global neoliberal governance.  They are currently on the advisory board of the New York City Network on Worker Cooperatives. They have collaborated on projects on migration, film, and working class studies, and imperialism including a special issues of "Crossings" and a major comprehensive work titled: Imperialism and Anti-Imperialism (forthcoming 2014).
Bibliography
Ours to Master and to Own: Workers Councils from the Commune to the Present (Haymarket Books 2011/Nuerer ISP Verlag 2011)
Encyclopedia of American Social Movements (2004, Sharpe Reference)
Immigrants, Unions and the New U.S. Labor Market (Temple University Press 2005)
Guest Workers and U.S. Corporate Despotism (University of Illinois Press 2011)
Encyclopedia of Revolution and Protest: 1500 to the Present (Wiley-Blackwell Publishers 2009)
The Encyclopedia of Global Human Migration (Wiley-Blackwell Publishers 2013)
Southern Insurgency: The Coming of the Global Working Class (Wildcat 15 November 2015)
The Palgrave Encyclopedia of Imperialism and Anti-Imperialism ed. with Zak Cope (Palgrave Macmillan UK 2016)
References
External links
http://www.haymarketbooks.org/pb/Ours-to-Master-and-to-Own
http://www.press.uillinois.edu/books/catalog/37xdd4ze9780252036279.html
http://www.revolutionprotestencyclopedia.com/public
https://web.archive.org/web/20120702040631/http://www.wiley.com/WileyCDA/WileyTitle/productCd-WUSA.html
http://www.brooklyn.cuny.edu/pub/Faculty_Details5.jsp?faculty=34
http://www.temple.edu/tempress/titles/1744_reg.html
http://www.dollarsandsense.org/bookstore/labor.html
http://www.againstthegrain.org/program/473/id/351239/wed-8-31-11-workers-control
http://www.brooklyn.cuny.edu/web/academics/faculty/faculty_profile.jsp?faculty=34
Living people
Brooklyn College faculty
Trade unionists from New York (state)
American male writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Labor historians
Jailbirds is a 1940 British comedy crime film directed by Oswald Mitchell and starring Albert Burdon, Harry Terry and Charles Farrell. It was based on a theatrical sketch by Fred Karno.
Plot summary
After escaping from prison two criminals attempt to hide stolen jewels in a loaf of bread. However it accidentally gets sent to the wrong house leading to their ultimate capture.
Cast
Albert Burdon - Bill Smith
Harry Terry - Narky
Shaun Glenville - Col. Pepper
Charles Farrell - Spike Nelson
Charles Hawtrey - Nick
Lorraine Clewes - Mary Smith
Sylvia Coleridge - Mrs. Smith
Cyril Chamberlain - Bob
Nat Mills - Mr. Popodopoulos
Bobbie MacCauley - Mrs. Popodopoulos
Critical reception
TV Guide called it "Funnier than most British comedies of the time," and rated it two out of four stars.
References
External links
1940 films
1940s crime comedy films
Films directed by Oswald Mitchell
British crime comedy films
British black-and-white films
1940 comedy films
Films scored by Percival Mackey
1940s English-language films
1940s British films
Captain Sir Gamaliel Nightingale, 9th Baronet (15 February 1731 – January 1791) was an English landowner and Royal Navy officer.
Early life and family
Sir Gamaliel was born at Kneesworth Hall, their family seat. They were the son of Sir Edward Nightingale, the 7th baronet, and Eleanora Ethelston. Their older brother Edward succeeded to the Nightingale baronetcy on the death of their father in 1750. Sir Gamaliel succeeded their brother in 1782.
Naval career
Nightingale's first command was HMS Badger in 1757.
From 1758, they commanded HMS Vengeance. In 1759, the Vengeance and its 200 men and 28 guns saw action off Quiberon Bay. On 13 March 1761, while still commanding the Vengeance, they captured the 44-gun French ship Entreprenant by Land's End. They later took command of HMS Flora.
They were a member of the Honourable East India Company.
Nightingale Island
Sir Gamaliel is also known for exploring a small volcanic island near Tristan da Cunha, which in 1760 they named Nightingale Island. Lying in the South Atlantic Ocean between Cape Horn and the Cape of Good Hope, it is part of one of the remotest archipelagos in the world.
The island is densely populated by wildlife, particularly birds, and is recognized by Birdlife International as an Important Bird Area. Two of the world's rarest birds are found only on the island: the Nightingale Bunting (4,000 pairs) and Wilkins's Bunting (approximately 85 pairs).
References
1731 births
1791 deaths
Nightingale family
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
Royal Navy officers
The Tennis Federation of Serbia ( / Teniski savez Srbije) is the organizing body of tennis in Serbia.
The Federation's current president is Mirko Petrović, who awarded the "Ponos nacije" (Pride of the Nation) Award to Ana Ivanovic in 2012.
List of presidents
Hinko Würth (1922–1934)
Stefan Hadži (1934–1937)
Drago Čop (1937–1941)
Mišo Pavićević (1948–1953)
Dušan Korać (1954–1958)
Mirko Mastilović (1959–1963)
Miladin Šakić (1964–1966)
Dušan Korać (1967–1977)
Stjepan Tončić (1978–1982)
Radmilo Nikolić (1982)
Ernest Nađ (1983)
Blagoje Andrejevski (1984)
Tomislav Poljak (1985)
Anton Tonejc (1986)
Božidar Martinović (1987)
Ferdinand Trupej (1988)
Petar Marinković (1989–1991)
Radmilo Nikolić (1992–1993)
Rodoljub Radulović (1994–1996)
Radoman Božović (1996–2000)
Predrag Mitrović (2000–2004)
Boško Ivanović (2004–2006)
Slobodan Živojinović (2006–2011)
Vuk Jeremić (2011–2015)
Mirko Petrović (2015–present)
See also
Serbia Davis Cup team
Serbia Fed Cup team
Serbia at the Hopman Cup
References
External links
TeniskiSavez.com - Official website
Serbia
Tennis in Serbia
Tennis
1922 establishments in Serbia
The 2019-20 New Hampshire Wildcats Men's ice hockey season was the 94th season of play for the program and the 36th season in the Hockey East conference. The Wildcats represented the University of New Hampshire and were coached by Mike Souza, in their 2nd season.
Roster
As of June 28, 2019.
Standings
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" | Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style=";" |
Scoring statistics
Goaltending statistics
Rankings
Players drafted into the NHL
2020 NHL Entry Draft
† incoming first-year student
References
New Hampshire Wildcats men's ice hockey seasons
New Hampshire Wildcats
New Hampshire Wildcats
2019 in sports in New Hampshire
2020 in sports in New Hampshire
Boys and Girls or Boys & Girls may refer to:
Film
Boys and Girls (1983 film), a 1983 short film directed by Don McBrearty
Boys and Girls (2000 film), a 2000 romantic-comedy film of two people whose lives are intertwined through fate
Music
Boys & Girls (67 Special EP), a 2005 EP by 67 Special
Boys & Girls (album), a 2012 studio album by Alabama Shakes
Boys + Girls (The Promise Ring EP), a 1998 EP by The Promise Ring
Boys and Girls (album), a 1985 studio album by Bryan Ferry
"Boys & Girls" (Asian Kung-Fu Generation song), a 2018 song by Asian Kung-Fu Generation
"Boys & Girls" (Ayumi Hamasaki song), a 1999 song by Ayumi Hamasaki
"Boys & Girls" (Martin Solveig song), a 2009 song by Martin Solveig featuring Dragonette
"Boys and Girls" (Angelica Agurbash song), a 2005 song by Angelica Agurbash
"Boys and Girls" (Human League song), a 1981 song by The Human League
"Boys and Girls" (Mandy Smith song), a 1988 Pop-dance song in the album Mandy
"Boys and Girls" (Pixie Lott song), a 2009 song by Pixie Lott
Boys & Girls (will.i.am song), a 2016 song by will.i.am I featuring Pia Mia
"Boys and Girls", a song from Girls' Generation's 2010 album Oh!
Television
"Boys and Girls" (The Office episode), a 2006 episode of The Office
"Guide to: Boys and Girls", a 2007 episode of Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide
Boys and Girls (TV series), a 2003 British gameshow by Channel 4
Other
Boys & Girls Clubs of America, a youth organization established in 1906
"Boys and Girls" (short story), a short story by Alice Munro
See also
Girls & Boys (disambiguation)
Abroteia is a genus of red algae. The type species for this genus is Abroteia orbicularis J.Agardh.
References
Delesseriaceae
Red algae genera
San Antonio Shopping Center is an outdoor shopping mall located on El Camino Real at San Antonio Road in Mountain View, California. The shopping center consists of two areas, owned by two separate companies:
The namesake San Antonio Shopping Center, a traditional outdoor power center anchored by Trader Joe's, Walmart, and a 24 Hour Fitness gym and was formerly owned by Federal Realty until the land was sold to the Los Altos School District in late December 2019 for the businesses to eventually be demolished for a neighbourhood school for students in the area, due to the fact that most students had to drive 3 miles to Covington Elementary School in Los Altos. There were also plans to designate the land as a new site for the Bullis Charter School, which had 2 campuses with portable unit serving as classrooms and they were housed at the districts two junior high schools, Egan Junior High School and Georgina P. Blach Intermediate School. The original plan was to have the school open by 2023 but the COVID-19 pandemic has since delayed those plans.
The Village at San Antonio Center, a mixed-use property with apartments, restaurants, and a Safeway supermarket, is owned by Merlone Geier Partners.
History
Starting in the 1950s, the center was an open-air shopping mall, originally featuring Rhodes and Sears, with Mervyn's coming later. Over time, the mall was expanded, with Rhodes, then converting to Liberty House and finally J.C. Penney and a Best catalog showroom. In the 1970s and 1980s Atari Games (located nearby) used the Time Zone arcade at the shopping mall to play test all their arcade games. Most of the mall was demolished and partially reconfigured circa 1995 to make way for Walmart and additional retail shops.
Sears closed its doors in 2010, three years after it had originally announced its departure. Sears and the surrounding strip of retailers is replaced by phase one of The Village, consisting of a Safeway supermarket, apartments, and retail & restaurants. A second phase, anchored by a Showplace ICON cinema, broke ground in 2015.
References
External links
San Antonio Center
The Village at San Antonio Center
Buildings and structures in Mountain View, California
Shopping malls in the San Francisco Bay Area
Shopping malls in Santa Clara County, California
Reddish Vale is in the Tame Valley close to Reddish, Greater Manchester, England. The centre of the vale is around the bottom of Reddish Vale Road. Reddish Vale Country Park is a country park managed by Stockport Metropolitan Borough Council. It covers 161 hectares in all and comprises some of the traditional Reddish Vale area, Reddish Vale Farm and the grazing land and Woodhall Fields, about half a mile to the south. Part of it is a designated local nature reserve.
Description
Reddish Vale is mainly green space, comprising woodland, flat riverside meadows, sloping fields used to graze horses and a golf course. At the end of Reddish Vale Road near is a small car park and a visitor centre housed in portable cabins. A number of footpaths lead in all directions, with the more popular ones following the line of the river, both up and downstream.
Highly visible from the visitor centre is the sixteen-arch brick viaduct built in 1875 to carry the Hope Valley Line over the Tame Valley. There is a legend that during construction a local witch cursed the viaduct and anyone who counted the number of arches. A railway line once led to Stockport from Reddish Junction at the Brinnington (east) side of the viaduct. This line has been turned into a public bridleway joining the two parts of the country park and forms a section of the Trans Pennine Trail. The Stockport–Stalybridge line forms part of the western boundary of the vale. A spur once ran to the colliery at Denton. Its position is still visible in places marked by a hedgerow that runs alongside Ross Lave Lane. Where the line had to span Denton Brook an embankment was built using slag and other waste from the mine. This slag was ignited by the hot summers of 1975 and 1976. It continued to smoulder and smoke for a number of years until the site was bulldozed and cleared in 1981. Train drivers called the place 'smokey ridge', along the bottom of Denton Brook you can still see the bricks used for the tunnel. Some locals refer to Ross Lave Lane as 'piggy's alley' as there was once a pig farm on the Denton side of the viaduct on the embankment above where Denton Brook joins the River Tame. There was a plan at the end of the 18th century for the Beat Bank Branch Canal to run across the vale, and some sections were dug, but it was abandoned before completion.
Nearby are two mill ponds left over from industrial activity in the vale. The ponds were fed from the river above a weir (destroyed in floods in the 1960s, all that remains is the sluice gate) on the upstream side of the viaduct, and provided both power and processing water to Reddish Vale Print Works, a calico printing works dating from before 1800. The works had ceased printing by 1975, and have now been demolished and the land turned into a butterfly park. The ponds are now used for angling, and attract herons and a variety of ducks. Most of the race has been filled in, but a short length carries Denton Brook down to the river. Denton Brook (and a small tributary) marks the traditional boundary between Reddish and Denton. The manorial corn mill (one of several to be known as Reddish Mill) was sited over the brook and was demolished in about 1860 when the ponds were extended.
Woodhall Fields form the southern or lower (with reference to the river) part of the park. The weir here was used to feed the Portwood Cut, dug in 1796, which ran to the Portwood area of Stockport and powered a number of mills around the start of the 19th century. Part of the fields were once a landfill site for fly ash; this has proved to be a good growing medium for orchids.
Whilst not really in the vale, at the northern end the late 16th century Arden Hall or 'Cromwell's Castle' (where Oliver Cromwell allegedly spent the night) and the 17th century Hyde Hall overlook it and form part of the overall landscape. Both are in private hands and not open to the public.
Other activities
Reddish Vale Golf Club takes up a substantial area on both sides of the river, but does not form part of the country park. The club house was once a substantial private house in its own grounds.
Just above the visitor centre, on Reddish Vale Road, is Reddish Vale Farm, with riding stables, meerkats and a children's farm. The buildings and associated grazing were Stockton's Dairy Farm until 1996.
The Trans Pennine Trail and the Tame Valley Walk pass through the park.
Housing
There is now very little housing in the vale. There are 12 terraced houses opposite the farm on the road leading down to the vale. At the bottom of the road opposite the visitors centre is a large dwelling known as Tame House. Tame House was once the offices for the Calico print works. At the back of Tame House is a dirt track called Riverview; there are kennels for racing greyhounds halfway down the track. This was once the canteen for the workers at the print works. Adjacent to the canteen was a large Victorian house but this was demolished in the 1960s. Further along Riverview, where the track meets the river, once stood two rows of terraced houses identical to the ones opposite the farm. These were also demolished in the 1960s after being declared 'slum dwellings'. The same fate may have befallen the terraces opposite the farm if not for the intervention of two twin brothers, John and Christopher Byrne, who removed the Compulsory Purchase Orders put on them, and organised the installation of a sanitation system.
There were nine houses situated between the viaduct and the mill ponds, built to house the workers constructing the viaduct. They were later demolished for expansion of the reservoirs. On the opposite side of the river to where Strines Weir once was there were two houses known as Strines Cottages which were farm dwellings. A recent archaeological dig found the foundations of these structures. There was a flour mill situated above Denton Brook not far from Mill Lane. In later years it was used as a school and was known as 'the ark' because of the flowing water visible through the gaps in the floorboards. It appears that there has never been a church in the vale.
Recent threats
Recent proposals to change the nature of the vale have been met with robust opposition.
In 1988, the government of the day asked the Greater Manchester Residuary Body to sell off its holdings in the area; 3,000 people, worried that it would be sold to developers, gathered in the vale to protest. The land was acquired by Stockport Council in 1995. They arrived as three contingents from Brinnington, North Reddish and South Reddish.
In 1990, a proposal to create an artificial ski slope at Woodhall Fields was opposed by 7,000 signatories to a petition. The opposition was led by the Tame Valley Defence Group supported by MP Andrew Bennett and the Reddish Reporter. The Defence Group had made trips to the various ski slopes and supplied local people with reports on Sheffield Ski Slope. This proposal echoed an earlier proposal for a snow dome which was opposed by South Reddish Action Group, who were later to merge with the Tame Valley Defence Group to protect the vale.
In 1992, the golf club hoped to use part of the vale as landfill; the plans did not come to fruition. This again was opposed by the Tame Valley Defence Group who were strongly supported in this by the Director of Public Health in Stockport.
References
External links
Reddish Vale's Community Website Information About Reddish Vale's Flora and Fauna, History and News.
Reddish Vale Country Park website
Map showing the boundaries of the country park
Parks and commons in the Metropolitan Borough of Stockport
Reddish Vale Country Park
Local Nature Reserves in Greater Manchester
Manuela Rey (1842 – 1866) was a Galician theatre actor who found success on the Portuguese stage.
Early life
María Manuela Ramona Rey González, known as Manuela Lopes Rey, was born in San Vicente de Trigás in Mondoñedo, in the province of Lugo in Galicia, Spain on 1 October 1842. They were one of eight or more children of Andrés Expósito and Francisca González, who married after their birth. They were given up for adoption to a family that was part of a travelling drama company that was staying at an inn where their mother worked. It appears that the surname of "Lopes" came from their adoptive mother.
Acting career
At the age of six, Rey was already acting and, at eight, they were enthusiastically applauded for their performance in a play in León, Spain. At the age of nine, their adoptive father died and the company moved to Portugal, performing in Chaves, Bragança, Porto and elsewhere in the north of the country. The company dissolved in Viana do Castelo after failing to achieve success in Porto and a brother of their adoptive father formed a new company, which in 1856 moved to Lisbon and performed at the Teatro do Salitre, where their first performance was as a boy.
After a tour of the area south of Lisbon, including Setúbal, Rey returned to Lisbon and auditioned at both the Teatro Nacional de São Carlos and the D. Maria II National Theatre, where the jury included the writer António Feliciano de Castilho. Having received grammar and Portuguese lessons, in November 1857 they began working at the theatre, alongside Carlota Talassi and Emília Adelaide. Playing the role of the ingénue, they achieved many triumphs in a short period and by 1859 they were included in a list of biographies of prominent actors in Portugal and Brazil. By 1864 they were leaving the role of ingénue behind and beginning to play more substantial roles. They also wrote some plays, although these were not published. It was rumoured that King Pedro V fell in love with her, before marrying Princess Stephanie of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen. In October 1865, a playwright and a journalist fought a duel over them
According to the writer, Camilo Castelo Branco (1825-1890), Rey was "the greatest of all our romantic actores". According to them they were "tall and elegant, with a kind of little-seen beauty and elegance".
Death
Having been suffering from "fevers" for several years, Rey died at their home in Lisbon on 26 February 1866. It is said that they died of typhus, although a medical certificate submitted to the theatre before their death said that they were suffering from hemoptysis. An autopsy was carried out by the authorities on suspicion of a crime. After a crowded funeral procession, said to have been only surpassed in numbers by that of King Pedro V and one other, and which was reportedly the first funeral of an actor attended by women, they were buried at the Prazeres Cemetery in Lisbon in the space reserved for actors.
References
Spanish stage actores
19th-century Spanish actores
1842 births
1866 deaths
People from A Mariña Central
The Women's Tournament of Champions 2016 is the women's edition of the 2016 Tournament of Champions, which is a PSA World Series event (Prize money : 150 000 $). The event took place at the Grand Central Terminal in New York City in the United States from 9 January to 14 January. Nour El Sherbini won their first Tournament of Champions trophy, beating Amanda Sobhy in the final.
Prize money and ranking points
For 2016, the prize purse was $150,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:
Seeds
Draw and results
See also
2016 PSA World Tour
Men's Tournament of Champions 2016
Tournament of Champions (squash)
References
External links
PSA Women's Tournament of Champions 2016 website
Tournament of Champions 2016 official website
Women's Tournament of Champions
Women's Tournament of Champions
2016 in sports in New York (state)
2016 in women's squash
Tournament of Champions (squash)
The Polish Operational and Systems Research Society, POSRS (in Polish: Polskie Towarzystwo Badań Operacyjnych i Systemowych, PTBOiS) is the Polish scientific, scholarly and professional non-profit society for the advancements of operational and systems research (OR/SR). The Society is the core active body of the Association of Polish Operational Research Societies (ASPORS), the formal member of the International Federation of Operational Research Societies and its subsidiary, the Association of European Operational Research Societies.
History
The POSRS (PTBOiS) was established in 1986 with the objective of promoting the development of operational and systems research in Poland, in both methodological and applied research aspects. The Society aims at mobilising the Polish community of specialists in the respective fields, within the academia as well as in business and administration.
The POSRS/PTBOiS has since its founding gathered top Polish researchers and scholars in its fields of activities, including members of various academies of sciences, fellows of IEEE, EurAI, IFSA, etc., presidents of various international societies, e.g., IFORS, IFSA, RSS, etc., awardees of top OR/SR prizes exemplified by the EURO Gold Medal, IEEE Pioneer Awards, etc. Since the beginning, and for a long period of time, the President of the Society has been Professor Andrzej Straszak. Currently, the President is Professor Janusz Kacprzyk.
The Society cooperates very closely with virtually all top Polish research and scholarly institutions, public administration, industry and business, notably with the Systems Research Institute, Polish Academy of Sciences (Instytut Badań Systemowych PAN) and the Institute of Computing Science, Poznań University of Technology. The POSRS constitutes the core society of the Association of Polish Operational Research Societies.
Governance
The Society is chaired by the President, and the day-to-day operations are carried out by the Board, with two Vice-Presidents, the Secretary General and the Treasurer, the Board now consisting of altogether 11 persons. The main body of the Society is the General Assembly, electing the Board, the President, and the Controlling Commission.
The seat of the Society is located at the Systems Research Institute, Polish Academy of Sciences in Warsaw.
Membership
As of the end of 2016, the Society had some 100 members, mainly from the research and scholarly institutions, with a noticeable part from the public administration, business and industry.
Publications
For roughly 20 years POSRS (PTBOiS) had been publishing regularly the proceedings of its continuing conference series, altogether several dozen volumes between 1986 and 2008. On the top of this, occasional volumes were published, resulting, in particular, from the activity of the Society's working group MODEST (MODelling of Economies and Societies in Transition).
The members of the POSRS have also published numerous books, edited volumes, and hundreds of papers in highly respected journals and conference proceedings. For example:
J. Błażewicz, K. Ecker, E. Pesch, G. Schmidt, M. Sterna, J. Węglarz, “Handbook on Scheduling”. Springer Verlag, Berlin, New York, 2nd edition (1000 pp.), 2018, forthcoming.
M. Cichenski, F. Jaehn, G. Pawlak, E. Pesch, G. Singh, J. Błażewicz, “An integrated model for the transshipment yard scheduling problem”, Journal of Scheduling 20, 2017, pp. 57–65.
J. Błażewicz, N. Szostak, S. Wasik, “Understanding Life: A Bioinformatics Perspective”, European Review 25, 2017, pp. 231–245.
R. Słowiński, Y. Yao (eds.), “Rough Sets”. Part C of the Handbook of Computational Intelligence, edited by J. Kacprzyk and W. Pedrycz, Springer, Berlin, 2015, pp. 329–451.
J. Kacprzyk, M. Krawczak, G. Szkatuła, „On bilateral matching between fuzzy sets” in: Information Sciences, Volume 402, Elsevier, 2017, pp. 244–266.
F.F. Fagioli, L. Rocchi, L. Paolotti, R. Słowiński, A. Boggia, “From the farm to the agri-food system: A multiple criteria framework to evaluate extended multi-functional value” in: Ecological Indicators 79, Elsevier, 2017, pp. 91–102.
M. Zimniewicz, K. Kurowski, J. Węglarz, “Scheduling aspects in keyword extraction problem”, in: International Transactions in Operational Research, IFORS, 2017, to appear.
Nowadays, the Society cooperates with several journals exemplified by the Journal of Operations Researches and Decisions, Control and Cybernetics, Journal of Automation, Mobile Robotics and Intelligent Systems.
Conferences
The flagship conference series of the PORSR is the biannual BOS (the Polish acronym for Operational and Systems Research) conferences which gather some 100 - 150 participants, both from Poland and abroad. In addition, the POSRS (PTBOiS) co-organizes and co-sponsors numerous other events, both national and international, together with its closely cooperating institutions.
Moreover, the POSRS was a co-organizer of EURO 2016 - 28th European Conference on Operational Research (3-6.07.2016), held in Poznań, at the Poznań University of Technology, one of the leading European centers in decision analysis, optimization, project management, and scheduling.
Program and Organizing Committees were chaired by Professor Daniele Vigo from the University of Bologna and Professor Joanna Józefowska from the Poznań University of Technology, respectively.
It is also worth noting the role of members of the Organizing Committee and pillars of the Operations Research and Management Science group at the Poznań University of Technology: Professors Jacek Błażewicz, Roman Słowiński and Jan Węglarz, in the support and organization process of the EURO 2016 conference that stimulated communication and cooperation among the most important European operational researchers.
Awards
The Society awards medals for outstanding achievements in the field of operational and systems research. Special awards for book publications and for young researchers are also planned.
Among the prizes won by the members of POSRS (PTBOiS) it is worth emphasizing EURO Gold Medal won by Professors: Jacek Błażewicz, Roman Słowiński, and Jan Węglarz, leaders of the Operations Research and Management Science group established within the Faculty of Computing at Poznań University of Technology.
References
External links
Operations research societies
Research institutes in Poland
Michael Whittaker may refer to:
Michael Whittaker (costume designer) (1918–1995), British costume designer and actor
Michael Whittaker (rowing) (born 1970), New Zealand coxswain
Michael Whittaker (gymnast) in 1984 Trampoline World Championships
Michael Whittaker (aircraft designer) creator of the Whittaker MW5 Sorcerer and Whittaker MW6
See also
Michael Whitaker (disambiguation)
The Highlands Historic District is a historic district roughly bounded by June, Cherry, and Weetamoe Streets, Lincoln, Highland, President, North Main, and Hood Avenues in Fall River, Massachusetts. The district lies just north of the Lower Highlands Historic District.
The Highlands Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. It encompasses over and contains over 300 structures.
History
The area known today as the "highlands" in Fall River was originally known as the Rodman Farm. The area is located along a high ridge with views of the Taunton River and Mount Hope Bay. After the original downtown area of the city suffered a devastating fire in 1843, the wealthy mill owners and their families gradually sought to distance themselves from the central business district.
The Highlands Historic District contains a wide variety of mostly residential homes largely built between 1840 and 1925. Just one home, the Church-Tory house (c.1750) at 96 French Street predates the major development of the area.
The district also includes North Park, designed by the Olmsted Brothers in the mid-1880s.
Contributing properties (partial listing)
Residential
Charles Shove House (c.1850) 715 High Street, Italianate
Church-Tory House (c.1750), 96 French Street, Colonial
Jefferson Borden House (c.1840), 386 High Street, Greek Revival
Remington-Borden House (c.1858), 511 Rock Street, Carpenter Gothic
Edmund Chase House (c.1874), 388 Rock Street, Second Empire
Philip Borden House (c.1884), 669 Rock Street, Queen Anne
Simeon Borden House (1876), 484 Highland Street, Ruskinian Gothic
Charles Buffington House (1882), 216 Prospect Street, Queen Anne
Maplecroft (Allen-Borden House) (1889), 306 French Street, Queen Anne
Michael T. Hudner House (1900), 674 Highland Avenue
Educational/public
Westall School (1907), 276 Maple Street
Fall River Technical School (1929), 290 Rock Street
Quequechan Firehouse (1873), 330 Prospect Street
Anawan No. 6 Firehouse (1873), North Main Street
Religious
First Congregational Church (1913), 282 Rock Street
United Presbyterian Church (1924), 414 Rock Street
Temple Beth-El (1928), 385 High Street
Properties with separate NRHP listings
B.M.C Durfee High School (1886), 289 Rock Street, added in 1981
Osborn House (1843), 456 Rock Street, added in 1980
See also
Lower Highlands Historic District
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
History of Fall River, Massachusetts
References
External links
Gallery of Homes in the Highlands
photo of Rock Street in winter, from Asergeev.com
Historic districts in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Fall River, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Francesco Giugno (1577 - c. 1621) was an Italian painter of the late Mannerist and early-Baroque periods, mainly active in Brescia and Mantua.
Born in Brescia, they became a pupil of Pietro Marone, and then of Palma il Giovane. They died in Mantua.
References
1577 births
1620s deaths
16th-century Italian painters
Italian male painters
17th-century Italian painters
Painters from Brescia
The Iraqi Red Crescent Society was founded in 1932 and it has its headquarters in Baghdad.
See also
International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement
External links
Iraqi Red Crescent Society Profile
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
1932 establishments in Iraq
Organizations established in 1932
Medical and health organizations based in Iraq
Agüero () is a Spanish surname, it may refer to:
People
Andrés Rivero Agüero (1905–1997), Cuban politician
Bidal Aguero (1949–2009), Hispanic political activist and newspaper publisher in Lubbock, Texas
Carolina Agüero (born 1975), Argentine ballerina
Fernando Agüero (1920–2011), Nicaraguan politician
José de la Riva Agüero (1783–1858), Peruvian soldier and politician
Juan Miguel de Agüero ( 16th century), Mexican architect
Sergio Agüero (born 1988), Argentine footballer
Taismary Agüero (born 1977), Cuban-Italian volleyball player
Zenón Noriega Agüero (1900–1957), Peruvian army general
Places
Agüero, Huesca, a town in the province of Huesca, Spain
Calle Agüero, a street in Buenos Aires, Argentina
Agüero (Buenos Aires Metro), a metro station in Buenos Aires, Argentina
See also
Agüera (disambiguation)
Spanish-language surnames
Cryptaspasma helota is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Sri Lanka, India, China, Taiwan, Japan and northern Vietnam.
References
Moths described in 1905
Microcorsini
Gudachari 117 () is a 1989 Telugu-language spy film directed by Kodi Ramakrishna. It stars Krishna, Bhanupriya, Mahesh Babu with music composed by Chakravarthy. The film was produced by C. H. Gandhi and D. Murali under the Sree Vijay Kalyan Movies banner. It was a commercial success, and had a 100-day theatrical run at the box office.
Plot
The film begins, 4 scientists come up with a nugget of creating a powerful satellite, who are kidnapped by a terrorist organization. The rest of the story revolves around the protection of scientists and restoring the satellite by Chandrakanth (Krishna), Secret Agent 117.
Cast
Krishna as Chandrakanth, Secret Agent 117
Bhanupriya as Jhansi & Rekha (dual role)
Mahesh Babu as Chinna
Murali Mohan as D.I.G. Bhargav
Gollapudi Maruthi Rao as Gajakarnam
Giri Babu as Gookarnam
Ahuti Prasad as Vinod
Chalasani Krishna Rao as Supremo
C. S. Rao as Pilot
Chakrapani as Co-Pilot
Bhimeswara Rao as Scientist Sarma
Baby Raasi as Baby
Soundtrack
Music composed by Chakravarthy. Lyrics were written by Veturi. The music released on AMC Audio Company.
References
1980s Telugu-language films
Indian spy action films
Films directed by Kodi Ramakrishna
Films scored by K. Chakravarthy
The following is a list of all 40 songs for the Lips sequel, Number One Hits. As with the first Lips game, all songs are master tracks. In addition to this, players are able to download a free five-pack of DLC; the contents of this pack are still not revealed to the public, although iNiS has stated that players can customize their DLC pack from a list of songs in the soon-to-be launched Xbox LIVE Music Channel.
On-disc Songs
Downloadable content
It was announced that previously available downloadable content will be compatible with newer Lips titles.
Each new copy of Lips: Number One Hits has a code so you can download one of three exclusive song packs. These packs are:
Lips House Party
LL Cool J – Going Back To Cali
Bobby Brown – My Prerogative
Janet Jackson – Nasty
Paula Abdul – Straight Up
Montell Jordan – This Is How We Do It
Lips Hearts and Heartbreak Tour
James Blunt – 1973
Daniel Powter – Bad Day
Robbie Williams – Eternity
Daniel Bedingfield – If You're Not the One
Jewel – You Were Meant For Me
Lips Turn It Up to 11 Tour
Thirty Seconds to Mars – From Yesterday
Coldplay – Lost!
Nickelback – Photograph
Hoobastank – The Reason
My Chemical Romance – Welcome to the Black Parade
References
External links
Lips - Official site.
Lips (video game)
Lists of songs in music video games
Phtheochroa hyboscia is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Jalisco, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1991
Phtheochroa
Lyriothemis acigastra or Little Bloodtail is a species of dragonfly in the family of Libellulidae known from India. The International Union for Conservation of Nature also cites very old collections in Burma, China and Tibet.
The genus Lyriothemis is made up of 15 species and is widespread across Asia. Three species in the genus are known from India; L. cleis, L. tricolor and L. acigastra. All three were thought to be restricted to the northeastern states of Assam and West Bengal, but, in 2013, L. acigastra and L. tricolor were recorded in the southern state of Kerala.
Description
It is a small dragonfly with brown-capped greenish-yellow eyes. Its thorax is blackish brown, marked with yellow. There is a broad oval antehumeral (situated in front of the fore legs) stripe and a short transverse stripe bordering it just below. Laterally there are three stripes. The wings are transparent and palely tinted with yellow at the extreme base. The abdomen in the male is blood-red, tapered from base to end, and marked with black. Segment 1 is black, with its apical border narrowly red. Segment 2 has its base broadly black and apical borderless so. Segments 3 to 8 have the borders narrowly black and the mid-dorsal carina broadly so. This mid-dorsal black stripe dilates at the apical ends of 3 to 6. Segment 9 has only a narrow short red stripe on each side. Segment 10 is entirely black. The anal appendages are black.
The female is similar to the male, except that the abdomen is cylindrical rather than tapered from base to end and is a reddish-yellow color instead of blood red.
Habitat
Little is known about the species' ecology or habitat, which could be because of its rarity and secretive nature. The specimens reported in 2013 were found in bushes around freshwater marshland and streams. Individuals were generally at their most active in the evening and morning; males rested at around from the ground, and preyed upon skippers and small moths.
The species closely resembles the Sri Lankan species L. defonsekai, described in 2009.
See also
List of odonata species of India
List of odonata of Kerala
References
Libellulidae
Odonata of Asia
Insects of India
Insects described in 1878
Taxa named by Edmond de Sélys Longchamps
Austin LeCount Fickling (May 11, 1914March 6, 1977) was the first African-American judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, the highest court for the District of Columbia.
Background
Fickling was born and raised in Washington, D.C., graduating from Dunbar High School. They attended Miner Teachers College and received their law degree from Terrell Law School. They were a member of the D.C. branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, and in the 1940s they litigated several cases as part of the branch legal redress committee. In 1944 and 1945, for example, they unsuccessfully challenged the composition of condemnation juries in eminent domain actions in the District of Columbia; although the court acknowledged that "neither a person of the colored race nor any female member of the white race has ever sat on a condemnation panel," it held that no illegal discrimination had occurred.
In 1954, Fickling became an Assistant United States Attorney in the United States Attorney's Office for the District of Columbia. In 1956, President Eisenhower appointed them to the D.C. Municipal Court, a predecessor to the Superior Court of the District of Columbia. In 1967, President Johnson nominated them to the appeals court when that court was expanded from three to six seats. Fickling was the first African-American ever nominated to an appellate court in the District of Columbia. They were the second-longest serving member of that court when they died of cancer in 1977.
References
Sources
1914 births
1977 deaths
African-American judges
People from Washington, D.C.
Judges of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals
Assistant United States Attorneys
20th-century American judges
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century African-American people
Muhammad bin Abdullah Al Rashid (died 28 November 1897) was one of the Emirs of Jabal Shammar and is known for their defeat of the Saudi State in the battle of Mulayda which ceased to exist for a second time in 1891. Their reign lasted from 1869 to 1897, and they were the most influential ruler of the Emirate of Jabal Shammar for which they are called Muhammad the Great.
Early life
Muhammad was the third son of Abdullah bin Rashid, founder of the Emirate, and the brother of the second Emir, Talal bin Abdullah, and the third Emir, Mutaib bin Abdullah. During the reign of their brothers, Talal and Mutaib, Muhammad functioned as the caravan leader securing the commercial activities of the Emirate and guiding the hajj. Their caravan activities were between Hail and Iraq through which they acquired both wealth and popularity among locals.
When the Emir Mutaib bin Abdullah was killed by their nephew Bandar who became the emir of Jabal Shammar, the older generation of the dynasty, including Muhammad and their uncle Ubayd left Hail for Riyadh. The exile of Muhammad had very undesired effects on the commercial activities, so that Bandar asked their uncle to return to Hail who accepted their offer and continued to assume their previous post. However, following their return to Hail Muhammad killed Bandar bin Talal due to the intrafamilial disputes, and other sons of Talal fled Hail.
Reign
Soon after this incident Muhammad ascended to the throne in 1869. The Emirate of which base was in Hail expanded during their reign, and Muhammad managed to rule nearly two-thirds of Arabia, including Qassim, Unaizah, Buraidah and Riyadh in addition to the regions near to the borders of Aleppo, Damascus, Basra and Oman. Hail became a significant commercial center and had nearly 20,000 population under the rule of Muhammad. Their success was partly due to the struggle between the Al Saud members, namely Abdullah bin Faisal and Saud bin Faisal.
Muhammad recaptured Al Jawf region which was seized by Faisal Al Shalaan during the 1860s. However, the people of the region asked for protection from Abdullatif Subhi Pasha, the Ottoman governor of Syria, against the cruel rule of Muhammad in 1872. However, the Ottomans could not gain the full authority over the region, but installed an eighty-soldier troop there in 1873. The failure of the Ottomans was partly due to the fact that Muhammad was supplied military aid by the British and French authorities. In order to avoid any challenge from Muhammad the Ottomans strengthened the alliance with them which in turn was very advantageous for Muhammad.
Muhammad became the single strong figure in Najd by 1884. In 1887 they annexed Najd when Abdullah bin Faisal, Emir of Najd, was imprisoned in Riyadh by their nephews, sons of Saud bin Faisal, Muhammad attacked and captured the city to help Abdullah, but instead of reestablishing Abdullah's rule Muhammad appointed a Rashidi governor to the city. The governor was Salim Al Sibhan who was one of the closest allies of Muhammad. In addition, Muhammad liberated Abdullah bin Faisal, but took them to Hail as a hostage. They also brought three sons of Saud bin Faisal to Hail.
Four years later in 1891 Muhammad defeated the Al Saud forces who were the allies of Abdul Rahman, younger brother of Abdullah and Saud, in the battle of Mulayda which ended the Emirate of Najd and led to the exile of the Al Saud family. Following the battle they captured Riyadh and ruled Najd.
Personal life and death
Muhammad married a woman from Aba Al Khail family. They had no child and adopted their nephew, Abdulaziz bin Mutaib. In addition to their native Arabic Muhammad had a good command of Persian and Turkish languages which they had learned while acting as a caravan leader.
On 28 November 1897 Muhammad died of natural causes in Hail. They were succeeded by their adopted son and nephew Abdulaziz.
References
External links
19th-century monarchs in the Middle East
1897 deaths
Arabs of the Ottoman Empire
House of Rashid
People from Ha'il
Politicians of the Ottoman Empire
Sons of monarchs
Year of birth missing
The Saint-Anne Seignorial Estate () is a historic manorial estate located in Sainte-Anne-de-la-Perade, Quebec, on the north shore of the Saint Lawrence river, in Mauricie, Quebec, Canada.
It includes the ruins of the old manor house. In 2010, it was named a by the municipality of Sainte-Anne-de-la-Perade.
Since 2003, it has presented a permanent exhibition "When the story is told ..." (). This exhibition traces the story of three famous people who lived in the Domaine seigneurial: Madeleine de Verchères, hero of Fort Verchères; the artist Elizabeth Hale, wife of politician John Hale; and Honoré Mercier, Premier of Quebec from 1887 to 1891.
Since 1995, the site has been run by the "Society of Madeleine Verchères site" (). The mission of the hosts is to conserve, manage, facilitate and promote the historical site. Every summer, a temporary art exhibition is also presented in the lobby of the "manorial Domaine Sainte-Anne".
See also
Lordship of Sainte-Anne-de-la-Perade
Notes and references
External links
Houses in Quebec
Buildings and structures in Mauricie
Les Chenaux Regional County Municipality
Heritage sites in Quebec (Cultural Heritage Act)
Ruins in Canada
Takam dolls and Takamchees are heralds of Nowrouz and a part of Iranian folk art tradition. Takam is a Turkish word meaning “male goat". It is a strong goat that moves at the head of the herd. The goat is a symbol of blessing, fertility, and power in Iran. The Takam doll is made from wood, clothes, shoelaces, and pullak in the shape of a goat. It is usually worn with a red velvet covering. Takamchees and children sing songs reflecting the past while carrying the doll. The song lyrics are mostly about Nowrouz and religion. The lyrics are:
Here comes the spring, here it comes,
Daisy and flowers of all kinds are coming here,
Their Excellency Gabriel gave the prophet the letter,
Upon this, prophet made a prayer and Nowrouz was blessed,
Be blessed and fruitful, your days, weeks, months, and years.
References
Goats
Iranian culture
Nowruz
The Adamas Institute of Technology or AIT is an engineering college in West Bengal, India.It was established in 2008 by RICE Education Group. The college is affiliated with Maulana Abul Kalam Azad University of Technology and all the programmes are approved by the India Council for Technical Education.
The campus is located along Barasat - Barrackpore Road, Barbaria, North 24 Parganas.
See also
References
External links
Official Adamas Institute of Technology
University Grants Commission
National Assessment and Accreditation Council
Engineering colleges in West Bengal
Universities and colleges in North 24 Parganas district
Colleges affiliated to West Bengal University of Technology
Barasat
Educational institutions established in 2008
2008 establishments in West Bengal
Sean Garlick (born 6 August 1969) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer, former police officer, former actor and now a business person. They were educated at Matraville High School from which they graduated in 1987. They began their career as a police officer before becoming a rugby league footballer. A La Perouse Panthers junior, they went on to captain Easts as well as the Rabbitohs in their final season with the Club in 1999.
Background
Sean Garlick was born in Sydney, Australia.
South Sydney 1990–93 and 1997–99 – 91 first grade games plus 5 replacements. 14 tries for 56 points.
Eastern Suburbs 1994–96 – 59 first grade games plus 5 replacements. 3 tries for 12 points.
Garlick represented South Sydney from 1990 to 1993 before shifting to arch-rivals, the Eastern Suburbs Roosters, from 1994 to 1996. They returned to the Rabbitohs for three seasons from 1997 to 1999. Garlick was Rabbitohs' captain in 1999 when the Club was excluded from the National Rugby League and was a leading figure in the Club's efforts to return the Rabbitohs to the elite level of the game. When South Sydney returned to the fold 2002, Garlick was made the Club's Football Operations Manager.
Garlick is currently part of the National Rugby League's judiciary panel.
A one time actor, they starred in the movie Fortress (1986) with Rachel Ward and in the movie Watch the Shadows Dance (1987) with Nicole Kidman. They also starred in the series Home and Away (1991) and Rescue: Special Ops (2010).
Sean Garlick is the CEO of Garlo's Pies. The company was founded in 2001.
References
External links
Sean Garlick at Menofleague.com
1969 births
Living people
Australian food industry businesspeople
Australian male television actors
Australian police officers
Australian rugby league players
People educated at Matraville Sports High School
Rugby league players from Sydney
South Sydney Rabbitohs captains
Sydney Roosters captains
S. danae may refer to:
Scinax danae, a frog species
Sympetrum danae, the black darter, a butterfly species
See also
Danae (disambiguation)
Ghiasabad (, also Romanized as Ghīās̄ābād and Gheyāsābād) is a village in Farmahin Rural District, in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,333, in 364 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Jamabad (, also Romanized as Jāmābād and Jamābād) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
Miroslav Milutinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослав Милутиновић; born February 1, 1985) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian retired football defender.
Club career
They had previously played with lower league clubs FK Cement Beočin and FK ČSK Čelarevo and also with FK Vojvodina in the Serbian SuperLiga.
External links
Profile and stats at Srbijafudbal
1985 births
Living people
People from Zvornik
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina emigrants to Serbia
Association football fullbacks
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
FK Vojvodina players
FK Cement Beočin players
FK ČSK Čelarevo players
FK Kolubara players
RFK Novi Sad 1921 players
FK Inđija players
FK Hajduk Kula players
Second League of Serbia and Montenegro players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Serbia and Montenegro
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Serbia and Montenegro
Expatriate footballers in Serbia
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate sportspeople in Serbia
"I Saved the World Today" is a song recorded by British pop music duo Eurythmics for their eighth studio album, Peace (1999). It was written and co-produced by band members Annie Lennox and David A. Stewart.
The song was released as the first single from the album and returned Eurythmics to the UK singles chart for the first time in nearly a decade, peaking at number eleven. "I Saved the World Today" was not released as a single in the United States. It peaked within the top ten in several countries, like Finland, Greece, Hungary, Italy and Poland.
The song was briefly played as background music for an engagement party scene in season two, episode 12 of The Sopranos, "The Knight in White Satin Armor", and then used as background for the closing scene and credits of that same episode. It was also used in the diner scene and over the closing credits of Norwegian film Lønsj.
Charts
Release history
References
19 Recordings singles
1999 singles
1999 songs
Bertelsmann Music Group singles
Eurythmics songs
Music videos directed by Sophie Muller
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Annie Lennox
Songs written by David A. Stewart
In probability theory, the general form of Bienaymé's identity states that
,
This can be simplified if are pairwise independent integrable random variables with finite second moments
Bienaymé's identity may be used in proving certain variants of the law of large numbers.
See also
Propagation of error
References
Algebra of random variables
William George Verney (1871–1950) was a footballer who made six appearances as a half-back, scoring once, in the FA Cup for Southampton St. Mary's between 1888 and 1896.
Football career
Verney joined Southampton St. Mary's in 1888, three years after they had been founded. Described as "a tenacious half-back" who persisted "in their efforts to challenge for every loose ball", they linked up well with William Stride.
In March 1889, Verney was part of the St. Mary's team that played four matches to get past Cowes in the semi-final of the Hampshire Junior Cup, with the opening goal in the third replay resulting from their corner-kick, which they followed up by scoring the second goal when their shot went past the goalkeeper who had been charged by another player. The "Saints" won the match 4–1 and went on to win the cup with a 3–0 victory over Christchurch in the final. They retained the trophy by defeating Lymington 2–0 in the following year.
In January 1891, St. Mary's entered the Hampshire Senior Cup for the first time. In the second round, they met Geneva Cross, a team from the Royal Victoria Military Hospital at Netley. The match was played at the Antelope Ground on a pitch that was frozen in places with "ankle deep mud" at the Infirmary End, but St. Mary's emerged victorious with Verney scoring one of five goals. St. Mary's progressed to the final where they defeated a team from the Royal Engineers, based at Aldershot, by a 2–1 margin.
The success in local cup competitions prompted the club committee to enter a national tournament for the first time – in the First Qualifying Round of the FA Cup on 3 October 1891, they played at Warmley near Bristol, winning comfortably 4–1, with Verney playing at left-half. In the next round, St. Mary's defeated Reading 7–0, with Verney scoring one of the goals, but the match was awarded to Reading following an FA enquiry into the eligibility of two St. Mary's players, Jock Fleming and Alexander McMillan. In March 1892, St. Mary's retained the Hampshire Senior Cup, with an easy 5–0 victory over a Medical Staff team.
In 1892–93, Verney played in both FA Cup matches, with the Saints going out 4–0 to Maidenhead and in all three Hampshire Senior Cup matches, losing 1–2 to Freemantle in the final. In the following year, they were again ever-present in both cups, with St. Mary's going out to Reading in the second qualifying round of the FA Cup and losing the final of the Hampshire Senior Cup to the Royal Engineers.
In 1894, St. Mary's were founder members of the Southern League. Although Verney remained with St. Mary's until 1896, their last two seasons were spent in the reserves and they made no Southern League appearances.
After leaving the Saints, Verney turned out occasionally for a minor local side, Cranbury Avenue.
References
1871 births
Sportspeople from Aldershot
1950 deaths
English footballers
Association football midfielders
Southampton F.C. players
Footballers from Hampshire
Bryan Namoff (born May 28, 1979 in Carson City, Nevada) is an American former soccer player who last played for D.C. United in Major League Soccer.
Career
College and amateur
Namoff grew up in Rockford, Illinois, where they emerged as a soccer standout at Boylan High School. They played college soccer at Bradley University from 1997 to 2000, where they were a first-team All-Missouri Valley Conference selection in 1999 and 2000, and scored a total of 32 goals and 17 assists while with the team. In 2000, they played for the Rockford Raptors in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional
Following their graduation, Namoff was selected 15th overall by D.C. United's then-coach Thomas Rongen in the 2001 MLS SuperDraft. Namoff made a significant impact as a rookie, registering seven assists in only 15 games while playing in the midfield. However, a change of coaches in the offseason brought Ray Hudson to the team, and Namoff's time was significantly curtailed. They appeared in only 11 games in 2002, and spent much of the season on loan with the Richmond Kickers in the USL First Division.
In 2003, Namoff began seeing more playing time for United at right back, appearing in 22 games and registering one assist. In 2004, Namoff locked down the right back position, starting 27 games for the team, scoring two assists. Namoff has continued to be first choice on the right side of United's back line ever since. As of the 2006 season, they have also been playing as a midfielder.
In July 2010, Namoff announced they were suspending their playing career after failing to recover from serious concussion.
International
Along with teammates Bobby Boswell, Brian Carroll, and Joshua Gros, Namoff made their first (and, to date, only) international appearance for the United States men's national soccer team on January 20, 2007, against Denmark.
Honors
D.C. United
Major League Soccer MLS Cup (1): 2004
Major League Soccer Supporter's Shield (2): 2006, 2007
Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup (1): 2008
References
External links
MLS player profile
1979 births
Living people
Bradley Braves men's soccer players
D.C. United players
People from Carson City, Nevada
United States men's international soccer players
Major League Soccer players
USL A-League players
USL League Two players
Richmond Kickers players
Rockford Raptors players
Soccer players from Nevada
D.C. United draft picks
Association football defenders
American soccer players
Fíne is a Gaelic-Irish feminine given name.
At least two women named Fín or Fíne are attested in the Irish annals:
Fín, princess of Cenél nEógain, wife of Oswiu of Northumbria (d. 670).
Fíne, abatissa or banabb of Kildare.
References
http://medievalscotland.org/kmo/AnnalsIndex/Feminine/Fine.shtml
Irish-language feminine given names
Orlin Chalmers (born January 30, 1982) is a former Canadian soccer player who played their entire career in their native country of Canada.
Playing career
Chalmers began their professional career at the youth level overseas in France with FC Cannes, after returning to Canada to play with the Hamilton Thunder of the Canadian Professional Soccer League in 2002. After an impressive start to the season they were loaned out along with three other players to the Calgary Storm of the USL A-League. After appearing in six matches with the Storm they were called back to Hamilton on July 21, 2002. On August 27, 2003 they were traded to Toronto Croatia for Peter Curic and Josip Bucic. They made their debut for Croatia on September 5, 2003 in a match against the Mississauga Olympians in a 3-0 victory.
They helped Toronto finish third in the Western Conference allowing the club to clinch a postseason berth. In the quarterfinals match Chalmers scored the lone goal for Croatia against the Brampton Hitmen in a 1-1 draw, and scored a successful goal in the penalty shootout which Croatia won. The victory was short lived due to Croatia fielding an illegal player which eliminated the club from playoff contention. The following season they helped the Toronto side reach the postseason by finishing as runners-up in the Western Conference. In 2006, they signed with the Oakville Blue Devils and helped Oakville claim the National Division title. They played the remainder of their career with the club, which was renamed Brampton Lions in 2007, assisting the club by reaching the playoffs in all of their years of service with the club.
Honors
Oakville Blue Devils
Canadian Soccer League National Division Champions (1): 2006
References
Living people
1982 births
Brampton United players
Canadian soccer players
Canadian Professional Soccer League (1998–2005) players
Canadian Soccer League (2006–present) players
Calgary Storm players
Hamilton Thunder players
Toronto Croatia players
USL A-League players
Association football defenders
Dear Science is the third studio album by the band TV on the Radio. It was released on September 16, 2008, digitally through Touch and Go Records, with the physical release coming a week later through Interscope Records and DGC Records in North America and 4AD elsewhere.
As of 2012, sales in the United States have exceeded 203,000 copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan. In 2009. It was awarded a gold certification from the Independent Music Companies Association, which indicated sales of at least 100,000 copies throughout Europe.
History
Dear Science was recorded in 2008 at the Stay Gold studio in Brooklyn, New York. Musically, the album has been described as indie rock, art rock, funk, soul, and post-punk. Kyp Malone said that the album's title came from "a note that Dave [Sitek] wrote in the studio that said,
"Dear Science, please start solving problems and curing diseases or shut the fuck up."
Despite the marketed release date of September 22–23, the album was available for download on the U.S. iTunes Store on September 16, 2008. The vinyl LP also comes with a free MP3 download coupon. Dear Science received near unanimous acclaim from critics and charted worldwide. In promotion of the album, TV on the Radio was interviewed on the February 9, 2009 episode of The Colbert Report, "Dancing Choose" was performed to end the show. The rock band Phish began covering "Golden Age" in 2009.
Critical reception
Dear Science received rave reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 88, which indicates "universal acclaim", based on 40 reviews. It was named the best album of 2008 by Rolling Stone, The Guardian, Spin, MTV, Entertainment Weekly, the Pitchforks readers poll, and the Village Voice.
Pitchfork placed Dear Science at number 140 on their list of top 200 albums of the 2000s, and 6th on their "50 Best Albums of 2008" list. Rolling Stone named it the 48th best album of the decade. The album was also included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Remix EP
In early 2009, a remix EP was announced for release on February 17, although it was delayed until April 14. Read Silence was released exclusively through iTunes and featured remixes of "Shout Me Out", "Red Dress", and "Stork & Owl" by Gang Gang Dance, Jneiro Jarel, and Glitch Mob.
Track listing
Personnel
Personnel adapted from album liner notes.
Band
Tunde Adebimpe – vocals
Kyp Malone – vocals, guitars, bass guitar, synths, string arrangements
David Andrew Sitek – programming, guitars, samples, bass, synths, horn arrangements
Gerard A Smith – bass, organ, synths, samples, Rhodes
Jaleel Bunton – drums, guitars, rhodes, organ, synth, bass, programming, string arrangements
Production
David Andrew Sitek – production; mixing
Dan Huron – engineering
Chris Coady – additional engineering
Chris Moore – additional engineering
Matty Green – mixing
Mark Stent – additional mixing
Steve Fallone – mastering
Design
Roe Etheridge – photography
Additional musicians
Katrina Ford – vocals, backing vocals
Eleanore Everdell – vocals
David Bergander – drums
Yoshi Takamasa – shaker, claves, congas, bells, percussion
Stuart D. Bogie – sax, horn arrangements, tenor sax
Colin Stetson – sax, baritone sax
Matana Roberts – alto sax, clarinet
Leah Paul – horns
Eric Biondo – trumpet
Aaron Johnson – trombone
Martin Perna – saxophones, flutes
Claudia Chopek – violin, string arrangements
Janis Shen – violin, string arrangements
Perry Serpa – additional string arrangements
Lara Hicks – viola
Eleanor Norton – cello
Charts
References
2008 albums
TV on the Radio albums
Interscope Records albums
DGC Records albums
4AD albums
Albums produced by Dave Sitek
Church of Holy Trinity is an Anglican church and Grade I Listed building in Barrow upon Humber, North Lincolnshire, England.
Architecture
The arcades and chancel date to the 13th century, the tower and aisle are 14th-15th century. The building was restored in the 19th century: in 1841, 1856, and 1868-69 (the latter of which by Kirk and Parry) which involved the rebuilding of the north aisle, the south porch, the roofs of the aisle and the chancel.
Monuments
Monuments in the chancel include a wall tablet to William Broxholme of 1684, a marble wall tablet to Roger Uppleby of 1780, and a marble wall tablet to George Uppleby of 1816.
Gallery
References
13th-century church buildings in England
Church of England church buildings in Lincolnshire
Grade I listed churches in Lincolnshire
Borough of North Lincolnshire
13th-century establishments in England
Lake Chichoj is located near the city of San Cristóbal Verapaz, in the department of Alta Verapaz, in Guatemala. It is long, wide, with an area of , an average water volume of [], and a maximum depth of .
Location and catchment
Lake Chichoj is located in the municipality of San Cristóbal Verapaz, department of Alta Verapaz, in Guatemala. The catchment of lake has been designated as a Protected Area, in an attempt to protect the lake from environmental degradation. Water routing through the catchment is made complex by karstic groundwater flow. It is estimated that the catchment of the lake drains . The lake in turn drains superficially to the Cahabón River, which flows to the Atlantic Ocean via Lake Izabal.
Legends surrounding the catastrophic formation of the lake
According to a few oral traditions from San Cristóbal Verapaz, the lake would have formed catastrophically by ground collapse during an earthquake in the early 16th Century, soon after the arrival of the Dominican friars (around 1525 CE), engulfing a church and its surrounding Maya settlement. The cataclysm has been explained as a divine punishment imparted to the inhabitants of San Cristóbal Caccoh, following the expulsion of a Dominican friar and the refusal of the inhabitants to submit to the Christian faith. This tradition is echoed in a book published in 1648 CE by the Irish Dominican friar Thomas Gage: "The English-American, or a New Survey of the West Indies". Gage's book suffers many exaggerations, casting doubt on the validity of their testimony. However, an independent report by Spanish Dominicans also mentions the sudden formation of a lake near San Cristóbal, by cave collapse, during an earthquake in 1590 CE. The parochial church suffered little damage during that earthquake. The most serious report therefore suggests that the purported event would have taken place far enough from the city for the church not to be damaged, but still would have been large enough to be deemed to reported. The event did not affect the western part of the lake, which was already in existence since at least the 8th Century. Montero de Miranda wrote about the lake that by 1575 (UNAM, 1982: 223-248) it was a "very large, long and very deep lake".
Hydrology
Lake surface temperatures fluctuate between in winter, and in summer. From 1979 to 2011 annual rainfall was at the lake, and at Cerro La Laguna, the highest part of the catchment. The residence time of water in the lake is therefore 35 ± 6 days assuming homogeneous water mixing. In actuality the lake is strongly stratified and dimictic, being composed of a highly turbid and poorly mineralized epilimnion, over a 5 °C cooler, highly mineralized hypolimnion. Most of the water therefore only restrict its circulation to the epilimnion, with an average residence time of 18 ± 3 days, assuming a constant mean depth of the termocline of . The lake usually homogenizes in January or February, sometimes very rapidly.
The lake is fed by several streams, most noticeably by the Paná River in the west, which is born from the junction of Chijuljá and Requenzal creeks. Other streams (Los Lavaderos, Chicojgual, Cerro Caj Coj) contribute very little to the lake water budget. Some springs feed the lake either directly near the shoreline (for example near Panconsul cave), or through the extensive marshlands that surround the lake. Lake Chichoj drains to Río El Desagüe, a tributary of the Cahabón River, which it joins after sinking into a cave for several hundreds of meters. Some of the sewage of San Cristál Verapaz is rerouted away from the lake and flows in a pipe through the marshlands before being emptied into Río El Desagüe, downstream of lake Chichoj.
The lake results from the coalescence of at least three dolines, likely resulting from the dissolution of gypsum at depth. The occurrence of gypsum is evidenced by a cluster of sulfate-bearing springs that dot the active trace of the Chixoy Polochic fault, 2 km south of the lake in the chixoy river valley, where they form large travertine fans. Discharge at these springs is much larger than what their upslope catchments can provide. The catchment of Lake Chichój is the closest catchment susceptible to provide water to these springs, and it lies above the springs.
Ecological succession, eutrophication and shrinking of lake Chichoj
Eutrophication can occur naturally, during the late stage of the natural ecological succession that accompanies the infilling of a lake. It then develops slowly, over thousands of years. It develops within only a few decades when triggered by cropland fertilization, industrial contamination, or urban development. Deforestation, land fertilization, urbanization and industrialization in the catchment of lake Chichoj are all thought to have contributed in a way or the other to the massive lake contamination and eutrophication of the lake that has taken place since the 1950s. Degradation of its ecosystem motivated environmental studies starting in the 1970s. They aimed at documenting the eutrophication process, and at identifying its causes. Most concluded that the main source of eutrophication is the absence of treatment of city waste waters, rather than agriculture.
The most visible consequence of eutrophication is the massive development of large floating rafts of the water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes), which is untiringly harvested to prevent complete invasion of the lake open waters. The enormous amount of hyacinth removed from the lake is then composted to produce a horticultural fertilizer.
Many local witnesses have reported that the extensive marshes that surround the lake were open waters in the 1950s. The presence of a well marked shoreline 1.0 ± 0.1 to 1.4 ± 0.1 m above the average current lake level and surrounding the marshes supports these testimonies. Because eutrophication leads to rapid infilling of lakes by plant debris, and conversion of open waters to marshland, it has been hypothesized that eutrophication is responsible for the reduction in the lake surface.
Due to its location halfway between the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean, the lake ecosystem is normally influenced by the Pacific El Niño Oscillation (ENSO) and the North Atlantic Oscillation. Studies are under way to determine the sensitivity of the lake hydrology to these oscillations over the past millennium.
Chromium contamination
Contamination of the lake environment by chromium started in the 1950s, and has increased dramatically until at least 2005, reaching 20 times natural background levels. It originates in industrial activities that involve leather tanning in the shoe factory of Calzado Cobán. The chromium does not seem to accumulate along the food chain, as it is not found in fishes and crayfishes. However, it accumulates massively in water hyacinth roots and, from there, is transferred to lake sediments through shedding of roots to the lake floor. Most of the water hyacinth biomass is actually extracted from the lake to fight eutrophication and turned into horticultural fertilizer.
Forest cover reduction
Only 20.35% of the catchment of the lake is covered by forest.
Demographic growth and lack of employment are some of the factors that have promoted conversion of forested areas into subsistence agriculture, especially following the coffee price crisis.
The loss of forest covers is particularly critical on steep terrains, which are most susceptible to overland flow and erosion. Soil loss results in siltation farther downslope, as well as in streams and in the lake. It also decreases water recharge of the deep aquifers.
Seismic hazard
Lake Chichoj is located within 2 km of the Chixoy-Polochic fault, a major fault of the North America-Caribbean plate boundary, which constitutes the closest and largest seismic hazard for San Cristóbal Verapaz, but lies within a broader array of large to intermediate seismogenic faults. The latest noticeable earthquakes include a M 4.1 quake in 2006 on the Polochic fault and a M4.8 in June 2009 on a secondary fault, NW of the lake. The sediments of the lake host a rich record of disruptions produced by past earthquakes, most notably the M 7.8 February 4th 1978 earthquake on the Motagua fault as well as a series of older M 7 earthquakes along the Polochic fault between 850 CE and 1450 CE. The lake adds hazard to the ground shaking of earthquakes. The low-lying marshlands that surround the lake are increasingly filled and urbanized. They are susceptible to seismic wave amplification, seismic wave refraction, and soil liquefaction during earthquakes, but also susceptible to flooding during earthquakes if the lake spillovers. Large waves can be produced during earthquakes, either as a result of landslides affecting the lake inner slopes, or by seismic resonance (seiche waves).
Ground collapse
Various geologic data suggest that Lake Chichoj stretches above of a body of gypsum well exposed on outcrops farther west. There, gypsum dissolution is responsible for repeated mountain flank collapses in the valley of Los Chorros. The lake occupies at least three coalescing dolines likely formed by dissolution of gypsum at depth. The dolines are probably only a few tens of thousands of years old, and the marshlands that surround the lake are likely covering similar, sediment-filled dolines. They are therefore susceptible to resumption of ground subsidence, if gypsum keeps dissolving at depth. The new phase of subsidence could either be slow and continuous, or pulsed, and possibly fast, even instantaneous. It is even possible that the marshes are actively subsiding, since no monitoring of subsidence has ever been undertaken. Subsidence might also be occurring under the combined effect of slow sediment compaction and oxidation/decomposition of the organic matter trapped in the sediments. The accommodation space created by the subsidence would be filled by mineral and organic sediments over the marshlands.
Floods
The wetlands that surround the lake spread over an area of 0.63 km2, and are enclosed into an ancient shoreline. The origin of this larger open water lake remains unclear. If the lake level has remained stable, then the reduction in lake size is solely due to the conversion of these open waters into wetlands. Alternatively, lake shrinking might reflect a slight lowering of the average lake level, possibly due to a more efficient drainage at the lake outlet. In any case, it cannot be excluded that the lake level reverts in the future to its ancient stand, flooding areas that have now been filled and urbanized. Besides, the outlet drains to a cave that might get partially of completely obstructed by debris following large storms. Water ponding upstream of the cave could result in an increase in the lake level of 4,0 ± 0,3 m before surface overflow is achieved near the cave.
References
Chichoj
Eutrophication
Geography of the Alta Verapaz Department
Mary Help of Christians Academy is an all-girls, Roman Catholic high school in North Haledon, in Passaic County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades. Operated by the Salesian Sisters of St. John Bosco, the school is located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Paterson, though the school is operated independently of the Diocese. Founded as an orphanage in 1921, the school took its current identity as a Catholic high school in 1944, and has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1978.
As of the 2019–20 school year, the school had an enrollment of 159 students and 31.8 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 5:1. The school's student body was 60.4% (96) White, 28.3% (45) Hispanic, 5.7% (9) Black, 3.8% (6) two or more races and 1.9% (3) Asian.
History
Mary Help of Christians Academy, a Catholic preparatory school in the Salesian tradition, embraces the charism of reason, religion and loving kindness as inspired by St. John Bosco and St. Mary Mazzarello. The school was founded as an orphanage and later became a boarding school for young women. It is situated on a tract of land that was known as the Muhs Estate on Belmont Avenue in North Haledon. In 1921, the Muhs Estate was sold by its owner to the Salesian Sisters of St. John Bosco of the Eastern Province, and in 1924, Mary Help of Christians Academy opened its doors. The academy was established with 76 boarding students and 5 day students, most of whom were orphans. At present, Mary Help of Christians Academy is a comprehensive college preparatory day school, which offers Advanced Placement courses, dual enrollment college credit bearing courses, and specialized internships in a variety of career fields.
The academy hosts summer programs for younger children in which students at the academy volunteer their time as camp counselors.
Athletics
The Mary Help of Christians Blue Jays participate in the North Jersey Interscholastic Conference, which is comprised of small-enrollment schools in Bergen, Hudson, Morris and Passaic counties, and was created following a reorganization of sports leagues in Northern New Jersey by the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). Prior to the realignment that took effect in the fall of 2010, MHCA spent one year as a member of the smaller Bergen County Scholastic League (BCSL). With 198 students in grades 10–12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Non-Public B for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 37 to 366 students in that grade range (equivalent to Group I for public schools).
Sports offered at Mary Help include basketball, bowling, cheerleading, dance team, soccer, softball, tennis and volleyball.
References
External links
School Website
Athletic Website
1924 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1924
Girls' schools in New Jersey
Middle States Commission on Secondary Schools
Private high schools in Passaic County, New Jersey
Roman Catholic Diocese of Paterson
Catholic secondary schools in New Jersey
The 1954 Ole Miss Rebels football team represented the University of Mississippi during the 1954 college football season. The Rebels were led by eighth-year head coach Johnny Vaught and played their home games at Hemingway Stadium in Oxford, Mississippi and Crump Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee. Ole Miss was champion of the Southeastern Conference, finishing the regular season with a record of 9–1 (5–0 SEC), and ranked 6th in both major polls. They were invited to the 1955 Sugar Bowl, where they lost to Navy.
Schedule
Roster
OT Rex Reed Bogan
FB Paige Cothren
QB Eagle Day, Jr.
FB Billy Kinard
Bobby McCool
DB Jimmy Patton
References
Ole Miss
Southeastern Conference football champion seasons
Ole Miss Rebels football seasons
Ole Miss Rebels football
The Caracas tapaculo (Scytalopus caracae) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is endemic to Venezuela.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Caracas tapaculo was previously considered a subspecies of brown-rumped tapaculo (Scytalopus latebricola) but was elevated to species status based on differences in their vocalizations.
Description
The Caracas tapaculo is long and weighs approximately
. The adult has dark gray upperparts, a tawny rump, and a paler gray throat and breast. The flanks and crissum (the area around the cloaca) are tawny with dusky barring. The juvenile's plumage has not been described.
Distribution
The Caracas tapaculo is found in the Venezuelan Coastal Range and separately in a small area where Sucre, Anzoátegui, and Monagas States meet. It inhabits the undergrowth of several humid forest types including primary and secondary woodland and their edges. Unlike many other tapaculos, it tends to shun Chusquea bamboo. It ranges in elevation between .
Behavior
The Caracas tapaculo's feeding and breeding phenologies have not been recorded. Its song is a series of notes rising and then falling in both volume and pitch . It scolds with a wheezy chatter .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the Caracas tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. Although its population size has not been determined, it is thought to be fairly common. Much of the larger western part of its range is within protected areas but the smaller eastern area is suffering deforestation.
References
Caracas tapaculo
Birds of the Venezuelan Coastal Range
Caracas tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Gore is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar near side near the northern pole. Major nearby features include Florey crater (diameter of 54.7 km) to the Southeast, Peary crater (diameter of 73 km) to the East-Northeast, and Byrd crater (diameter of 94 km) to the Southeast. The crater was adopted and named after John Ellard Gore by the IAU in 2009.
References
External links
LAC-1 area - Map of northern lunar pole
Impact craters on the Moon
Vahadenia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1902. It is native to tropical Africa.
Species
Vahadenia caillei (A.Chev.) Stapf ex Hutch. & Dalziel - Guinea, Ivory Coast, Sierra Leone
Vahadenia laurentii (De Wild.) Stapf - Nigeria, Cameroon, Gabon, Republic of Congo, Central African Republic, Zaire, Angola
References
Apocynaceae genera
Rauvolfioideae
William J. Munley (January 6, 1883 – March 9, 1938) was an American politician.
Munley was born in Archbald, Pennsylvania and went to the Archbald local schools. They worked in the mining business. Munley then worked for the Scranton Transit Company. Munley elected as a Democrat to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives to the 1923 term; reelected to the House to serve seven consecutive terms thereafter; died while in office, March 9, 1938, in Scranton, Pennsylvania after suffering from a heart attack.
Their son Robert W. Munley and daughter-in-law Marion L. Munley also served in the Pennsylvania General Assembly.
Their grandson James Martin Munley served as a United States District Court judge.
Notes
1883 births
1938 deaths
People from Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Democrats
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
20th-century American politicians
Maringué District is a district of Sofala Province in Mozambique. The principal town is
Maringué. The district is located in the north of the province, and borders with Chemba District in the north, Caia District in the east, Cheringoma District in the southeast, Gorongosa District in the south, with Macossa District of Manica Province in the west, and with Tambara District of Manica Province in the northwest. The area of the district is . It has a population of 75,089 as of 2007.
Geography
The principal rivers in the district are the Nhamapadza River, the Fudja River, the Nhanzuazua River, the Sambeza River, the Pundza River, and the Mupa River, most of which originate in Manica Province.
The rainy season in the district lasts from November to April, and the dry season lasts from May to October.
History
In 1325, the Macaranga People occupied the area, which was subsequently administrated by a number of rivalling kingdoms. In 1836, it was claimed by the Gaza Empire. The Portuguese were interested in the area since 1607, but only started controlling it in the end of the 19th century. Between 1895 and 1970 it was divided between Chemba Circunscrição and Gorongosa Circunscrição.
Demographics
As of 2005, 47% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 8% did speak Portuguese. The most common mothertongue is Cindau. 93% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos, Maringué, Canxixe, and Subué, which together comprise five localities.
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 12,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sorghum, pearl millet, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district long.
References
Districts in Sofala Province
James McMahon (April 22, 1856 – June 1, 1922) was an Irish mathematician whose career was spent at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. They were a committed educator, and an early proponent of professionalization in the teaching of advanced mathematics in America. A professor and Chairman of the Mathematics Department in Cornell University's College of Arts & Sciences, McMahon was one of the earliest members of the American Mathematical Society (as the predecessor New York Mathematical Society) in 1891. For seven years they served as associate editor of the Annals of Mathematics. They were also the American Association for the Advancement of Science's Secretary (1897), Section A (Mathematics and Astronomy); General Secretary (1898), and Vice-President (1901). McMahon was also featured in the publication, American Men (and Women) of Science.
Early life
Professor McMahon was born in County Armagh, Ireland on April 22, 1856, the son of Robert McMahon and Mary Hewitt. They took up general studies in the Classical Program at Trinity College, Dublin in 1879. By completion of studies, McMahon was ranked among the first members of the class of 1881 and took the highest honors in Metaphysics and Classical Studies. McMahon had been awarded the Wray Prize in 1880. The honor was created from a gift of Mrs. Catherine Wray in 1848, spouse to the late Reverend Henry Wray, D.D., Vice Provost of Trinity and Senior Fellow, to encourage Metaphysical studies. The second prize taken by McMahon was Trinity's Brooke Prize for Classical Studies. They graduated A.B. with two gold medals from Dublin in 1881, receiving the degree of A.M. in 1890 and the honorary D.Sc. in 1918. McMahon arrived in Ithaca, New York in January 1883. Their initial introduction to Cornell University was as an examiner in the Mathematics Department and as an instructor for Andrew Dickson White's “Correspondence University”, a distance learning initiative of 1883.
In 1884, James McMahon became a Cornell instructor, in 1890 an assistant professor, and in 1904 a member of the Cornell Faculty as professor of mathematics. They were one of the two most prominent Cornell mathematicians of this early period–the other one being James Oliver. In 1893 McMahon helped to found the Sigma Xi Society. The idea was to create the Phi Beta Kappa of the sciences, a concession that the literary and arts focused Phi Beta Kappa Society was perceived as being tied to an older collegiate focus antedating the rise of science and engineering in the university curriculum. The First Convention of Sigma Xi was held at Cornell University. McMahon was a delegate from Cornell University; Ernest G. Merritt represented the University of Kansas. McMahon's focus was on the policy by which the Society would expand. They also served as Vice President (1905) and President (1909) of the Theta Chapter, Phi Beta Kappa, and was succeeded by Madison Bentley (1909) and Alfred Hayes, Jr. (1910). On June 26, 1890, James McMahon married into Cornell University's Crane family. They were spouse to Katharine Crane, sister to Professor “TeeFee” Crane. Five years later, the Chairman of the Cornell Mathematics Department, Professor William Oliver, died. The University leased the Oliver cottage at 7 Central Avenue, and adjacent to Professor Crane's cottage, to the McMahons. James McMahon lived on Central Avenue from 1895 until their death in 1922.
Expertise
In the history of applied mathematics, McMahon's most significant contribution came late in life and was published posthumously. In 1902, McMahon had delivered an address to the Section on Mathematics and Astronomy, American Association for the Advancement of Science, then assembled at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, entitled “Some Recent Applications of the Function Theory to Physical Problems”. Their work in the field of geometry had taken an “applied” direction, seeking those instances were the abstract theories of their discipline could be applied to the daily problems addressed by scientists and engineers. As theoretical statistics developed into a modern discipline, its practitioners were using geometrical representation in their presentations. The cross pollination of statistics with geometry led to increased interest in geometric theory. Professor Karl Pearson proposed that a specialist in geometry work out the trigonometry of higher-dimensioned plane space for all the relations between multiple correlation and partial correlation coefficients when variates are properties of the angles, edges and perpendiculars of sphero-polyhedron multiple space. A pure mathematician was needed to write, in effect, a treatise on “Spherical Polyhedrometry.” McMahon took up Pearson's charge as they were entering emeritus status. The Carnegie Institute had granted them a retirement annuity allowing them to step down as Chair of Cornell's Mathematics Department and spend their final years focused on new developments in the field. Renting a cottage in Key West, Florida, Professor McMahon and spouse Katherine Crane McMahon spent the Ithaca winter down in the Caribbean, while the professor worked on the new “Spherical Polyhedrometry”. The results were published the year after McMahon's death as the paper Hyperspherical Geometry; and its Application to Correlation Theory for N Variables.
Progressive
In 1916, McMahon took a public position on the re-election campaign of President Woodrow Wilson. While Chair of the Mathematics Department at Cornell University, Professor McMahon supplied the Democratic National Committee with three reasons to favor Wilson. Chief among McMahon's reasons for supporting the President were Wilson's advocacy on behalf of international law in the face of strong domestic opposition; Wilson's opposition to the de facto, at the expense of a de jure, government of Mexico; and Wilson's success in advancing “. . . many positive constructive and forward-looking achievements . . . as well as its enlightened Americanism . . . .” McMahon took sabbatic leave in academic year 1920–1921. When they returned in 1921 they had a Carnegie pension which permitted them to focus on the framing of “Spherical Polyhedrometry”, a subject they pursued until their death later that year.
Member
Professor McMahon was a member, Phi Beta Kappa Society, Sigma Xi Society; the London Mathematical Society; the American Mathematical Society, the Circolo Matematico di Palermo, and the Brotherhood of Saint Andrew (and served as treasurer of that organization in preparation for its 1917 Assembly at Ithaca, New York). They were also a member of Phi Kappa Psi, and through that organization, the Irving Literary Society. McMahon was a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. From 1916 to 1922, they served as a Vestryman for Ithaca's St. John's Episcopal Church.
Selected papers
1889 On the Expression for the Hessian of a Binary Quantic in Terms of the Roots, 5 Annals of Mathematics 17.
1893 On the descending series for Bessel's functions of both kinds, 8 Annals of Mathematics 57.
1894 On the Roots of the Bessel and Certain Related Functions, 9 Annals of Mathematics 23–30.
1898 Elements of Differential Calculus, (with Virgil Snyder, Lucien A. Wait, ed.), Cornell Mathematical Series.
1902 Some recent applications of function-theory to physical problems, address before the Section of Mathematics and Astronomy, American Association for the Advancement of Science.
1906 The Cornell Chapter of Phi Beta Kappa, (with C.S. Northrup), Theta of New York.
1909 Address to the Phi Beta Kappa Initiates, (Apr. 21, 1909).
1923 Hyperspherical Goniometry; and its Application to Correlation Theory for N Variables, 15 Biometrika 173–208. (See goniometry.)
Books
Elements of the Differential Calculus (with Virgil Snyder) American Book Company, 1898Elementary Geometry–Plane American Book Company, 1903
Hyperbolic Functions'' Tract No 4 in the Mathematical Monograph series edited by Mansfield Merriman & Robert S. Woodward, Wiley & Son, 1906
References
External links
1856 births
Cornell University faculty
1922 deaths
Irish mathematicians
19th-century American mathematicians
20th-century American mathematicians
is a style of Japanese pottery produced traditionally in and around Karatsu, Saga Prefecture.
History
Karatsu has been a hub of foreign commerce and trade since ancient times, and a center of pottery production since the Azuchi-Momoyama period. Today there are many kilns in use as well as ruins of kilns scattered throughout the area in Saga Prefecture. The pottery style draws its name from the location where it is produced.
The techniques used in creating Karatsu ware are believed to have been imported from the Korean peninsula during the Japanese invasions of Korea during the late 16th century, though some theories suggest the techniques may have been in use prior to this period.
Karatsu ware was originally created for everyday use items such as tableware, pitchers, and other household items. The style is considered a good example of the wabi-sabi aesthetic, and Karatsu ware bowls, plates, and other implements are often used in tea ceremonies. Pottery in general is often called "Karatsu ware" in Western Japan due to how much pottery was produced in the Karatsu area.
There is a famous ancient saying—First Raku, second Hagi, third Karatsu—when referring to ceramic ware used for the Japanese tea ceremony. It is considered one of the top styles of pottery for use in tea ceremonies in Japan.
Characteristics
There are several variations produced in surrounding areas: Takeo Kokaratsu ware (produced in the adjoining city of Takeo), Taku Kokaratsu ware, and Hirado Kokaratsu ware. There are also varieties based on style: Painted Karatsu, Mottled Karatsu, and Korean Karatsu. Karatsu ware is known for its sturdiness and simple style; and is considered a traditional Japanese handicraft.
Fired in climbing kilns, Karatsu ware is made from a clay high in iron and can be undecorated or decorated with an iron-based underglaze, giving an earthy, simple, and natural feeling to the pieces.
A variety of styles of Karatsu ware exist.
Various images (flowers, plants, birds, mythological creatures, etc.) are painted onto the piece using an iron-based underglaze, then the piece is fired with a semitransparent gray glaze which allows the underglaze to show. This style is known for its earthy color and simple design.
This traditional style was introduced by one or more potters brought from the Joseon Dynasty during the Japanese invasions of Korea. It features a black glaze placed under a white glaze which has been fired with straw. The two glazes run together and give a feeling of opposites.
Gallery
References
Further reading
External links
http://karatsuyaki.com
Momoyama, Japanese Art in the Age of Grandeur, an exhibition catalog from The Metropolitan Museum of Art (fully available online as PDF), which contains material on Karatsu ware
Culture in Saga Prefecture
Japanese pottery
Christian Knees (born 5 March 1981) is a German former professional road racing cyclist, who rode professionally between 2004 and 2020, for the Wiesenhof, and teams. They won the German National Road Race Championship in 2010. In 2011 they were originally going to join the Australian team known as Pegasus but left after they failed to secure a UCI Professional Continental license. They ultimately joined as a domestique. They remained with the team as a rider until announcing their retirement from the sport in December 2020, moving into a role within the team's racing and performance areas.
Major results
2001
3rd Overall Rás Tailteann
1st Stage 5
2004
6th Overall The Peace Race
1st Young rider classification
6th Overall Ytong Bohemia Tour
7th Grote Prijs Stad Zottegem
7th Rund um Düren
7th Alpbach Rad Classic
2005
2nd Overall Sachsen-Tour
4th Grand Prix Pino Cerami
6th Overall Ster Elektrotoer
7th Overall Tour de Luxembourg
7th Overall Hessen Rundfahrt
8th Ronde van Drenthe
2006
1st Rund um Köln
4th Overall 3-Länder-Tour
2007
2nd Road race, National Road Championships
3rd Eindhoven Team Time Trial
2008
1st Overall Bavaria–Rundfahrt
2nd Sparkassen Giro Bochum
5th Rund um den Henninger Turm
9th Overall Tour de Suisse
2009
3rd Rund um den Henninger Turm
8th Brabantse Pijl
10th Overall Tour of the Basque Country
10th Gran Premio di Lugano
10th Amstel Gold Race
2010
1st Road race, National Road Championships
2012
7th Overall Bavaria–Rundfahrt
9th Overall Tour of Britain
2013
1st Stage 2 (TTT) Giro d'Italia
1st Stage 1b (TTT) Giro del Trentino
2016
1st Stage 1 (TTT) Vuelta a España
2019
1st Mountains classification Herald Sun Tour
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
Christian Knees profile at Team Sky
1981 births
Living people
German male cyclists
Sportspeople from Bonn
German cycling road race champions
Cyclists from North Rhine-Westphalia
Cohunu Koala Park is a wildlife sanctuary on of bushland at Byford, near Perth, Western Australia.
Its resident koalas are surrounded by neighbouring wombats, kangaroos, wallabies, quokkas, echidnas, dingoes, pigs, donkeys, ponies, llamas, alpacas, deers, ostriches, emus, owls, cockatoos, water birds, freshwater crocodiles and other animals. Also found around the park are lifelike replicas of dinosaurs amongst other decorative sculptures.
Lucille Sorbello & Nardino Sorbello established Cohunu Wildlife Sanctuary beginning in 1972 at 322 Mills Road East, Martin on approximately surrounded by natural bushland in the Darling escarpment near Gosnells and was opened to visitors in mid 1975. The park's koala colony was established in 1982 with the arrival of four koalas from South Australia, and the facility was renamed Cohunu Koala Park in September 1991. In 2009, the park was moved to its current location at 103 Nettleton Road, Byford.
Its koala colony now has over 25 koalas from both the northern koala (phascolarctos cinereus adustus) and the southern koala (phascolarctos cinereus victor) populations.
Between 10 am and 4 pm daily, visitors to the park may be photographed cuddling a koala, at an additional charge. Visitors are also permitted to touch and hand feed various other park animals.
A miniature railway built by volunteers runs around the park; it operates on most weekends and public holidays.
On the 24th October 2021 two people broke into the park in the early hours of the morning where they proceeded to abduct a pregnant female guinea pig that was then drowned in the freshwater crocodile pond. The intruders also stole items from the park's utility sheds.
References
External links
Tourist attractions in Perth, Western Australia
Zoos in Western Australia
Wildlife parks in Australia
Koalas
Administrative divisions of medieval Serbia refer to regional administrative divisions of Medieval Serbia, from the 7th to the 15 the century.
Serbian Principality and Principality of Duklja
The Byzantine Empire called the lands of the South Slavs "Sclaviniaes" (from the Sclaveni, the Southwestern branch), and they were initially outside Imperial control. By the second half of the 7th century, most of the Slavs in proximity to Byzantium had recognized the Emperor's supreme rule.
The prince (archon) that led the Serbs to the Balkans and received the protection of Heraclius (r. 610–641), known conventionally as the Unknown Archont, was an ancestor of the Vlastimirović dynasty. The Serbs at that time were organized into župe, a confederation of village communities (roughly the equivalent of a county), headed by a local župan (a magistrate or governor). According to Fine, the governorship was hereditary, and the župan reported to the Serbian prince, whom they were obliged to aid in war. Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus (r. 913–959) mentions that the Serbian throne is inherited by the son, i.e. the first-born, though in one occasion there is a triumvirate in their enumeration of monarchs.
Višeslav, the first Serbian monarch known by name, was a contemporary with Charlemagne (fl. 768–814). They directly held the hereditary lands of Neretva, Tara, Piva and Lim. Radoslav, then Prosigoj, succeeded Višeslav, and they ruled during the revolt of Ljudevit Posavski against the Franks (819–822). According to the Royal Frankish Annals, written in 822, Ljudevit went from their seat at Sisak to the Serbs somewhere in western Bosnia, who controlled the greater part of Dalmatia: "ad Sorabos, quae natio magnam Dalmatiae partem obtinere dicitur".
The Serbs established several future principalities by the 10th century: Serbia (roughly the later province of Rascia, including Bosnia; part of Zagorje - "hinterlands"); and Pagania, Zachlumia, Travunia (including Kanalitai) and Dioclea (part of Pomorje - "maritime").
Serbian Grand Principality
Luška
Budva
Onogošt
Oblik
Ribnica
Ston
Popovo
Dubrava
Luka
Dabar
Žapska
Gorička
Večenik
Trebinje
Urmo
Konavlje
Risan
Rudina
Ras
Drina
Patkovo
Hvosno
Podrimlje
Toplica
Ibar
Rasina
West Morava
Dubočica
Kostrc
Draškovina
Sitnica
Lab
Lipljan
Glbočica
Reke
Uska
Pomoravlje
Zagrlata
Levče
Belica
Lim
Kujavča
Zatrnava
Raban
Pilot
Serbian Empire
Fall of the Serbian Empire
References
Sources
Primary sources
Secondary sources
External links
Peter Howard (1829 – March 25, 1875) was a United States Navy boatswain's mate, who earned the Medal of Honor for their actions while serving on board the during the American Civil War.
Howard joined the Navy from Boston in May 1861. Following their MOH action, they were promoted to Acting ensign in November 1863, and discharged in November 1867.
Medal of Honor citation
Rank and organization: Boatswain's Mate, U.S. Navy.
Born: 1829 France.
Accredited to: Massachusetts.
General Orders No.: 17, 10 July 1863.
Citation:
Served on board the USS Mississippi during the action against Port Hudson, 14 March 1863. Running aground during the darkness and in the midst of battle while exposed to a devastating fire from enemy shore batteries, the Mississippi was ordered abandoned after a long and desperate attempt to free them Serving courageously throughout this period in which a steady fire was kept up against the enemy until the ship was enveloped in flames and abandoned. Howard acted gallantly in their duties as boatswain's mate. Soon after the firing of the Mississippi and its abandonment, it was seen to slide off the shoal, drift downstream and explode, leaving no possibility of its falling into enemy hands.
References
1829 births
1875 deaths
French emigrants to the United States
Union Navy sailors
United States Navy Medal of Honor recipients
French-born Medal of Honor recipients
People of Massachusetts in the American Civil War
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Union Navy officers
Benisha Hamal (; born ) is a Nepalese Radio jockey, model and actor. They have acted in eight movies and more than 150 music videos. They won several awards including National award in 2018 for their movie 'BlindRocks' They can be seen performing social works.
Personal life and education
Hamal was born to Bheshraj Hamal and Shakuntala Hamal in Chitwan District of Nepal. They completed their primary level education from Golden Future Boarding English School and completed their School Leaving Certificate (SLC) from Arunodaya Higher Secondary School. They completed their +2 level from Shanti Academy, Bhatarpur. For their higher studies, they went to Kathmandu in 2007 and did their BA from Kantipur College of Business Management and Humanities (major English and Mass Communication) and their MA from Goldengate International College. They like reading novels and watching movies. Them favorite Nepali actor is Rajesh Hamal and Nepali actor is Karishma Manandhar.Apart from this she's a big fan of cricket as said in interviews they are a big fan of Paras Khadka.
Career
They worked as an RJ in Kalika FM, Bharatpur, after winning the second runner-up title of "Ideal RJ" organized by the FM itself. They also worked as VJ in various Nepali TV channels: Channel Nepal, NTV Plus and NTV. In 2009, they started their modelling career. They also appeared in many TV commercials, including ads for Yum Yum Noodles, Rio Juice, UTL, Rose Village Housing, Nova Ice-cream and Wego Scooty.
They can also be seen in various music videos. Them first music video was Sindhuli Ko by Paul Rai. They can be seen in the music videos of Timi Arkai Ghar Ko Manche by Hementa Sharma, Aau milli by Buddha Shakya, “Tadha” by Babin Pradhan, “ Chot Khada Khada” by Manoj Raj,” Ek patak” by Rupa Bista and so on.
Filmography
Them debut film as an actor was Swor directed by Prasanna Poudel in 2010. They can also be seen in movies named Mokshya, Jhyan Hajir Cha, Ma Ani Timi and so on. Milan Chams, film director, will star Benisha Hamal in the lead role in their film titled Blind Rocks.
References
Living people
1992 births
People from Chitwan District
Nepalese female models
Nepalese film actores
Actresses in Nepali cinema
21st-century Nepalese actores
Dangpa, or dang pa, is the Korean name for a Ranseur (three-pronged trident-like spear) first described in the Muyejebo, a Korean martial arts manual of the Joseon Dynasty (published 1610).
Types
There were several types of dangpa, such as the iron (, ) and the wooden (, ). The two outer teeth of the would be slightly crooked. The teeth of the were made of wood, but covered with iron.
The middle tip would always be slightly longer than the two other tips. This design was intended to lessen the chance of the weapon becoming stuck in an opponent's body.
At the other end of the pole would be a sharp tip as well, in case two-handed combat with the dangpa became necessary in battle - this way soldiers fighting with the dangpa had fighting edges on both ends of the weapon.
Usage
The dangpa is a defensive close combat weapon used to trap an enemy's sword between two of the three prongs.
Techniques
In the Muyedobotongji one set of techniques is given. This form of 22 movements is called (, ) accompanied by a diagram to explain the same form called (, ).
Traditional Korean weapons
Polearms
Spears
Joe Foglia is an American sound mixer. They have worked on both movies and albums, including Black Sabbath's Heaven and Hell. They began working in the film industry with the movie Miami Vice, which resulted in an Emmy nomination for sound mixing.
Since Miami Vice they have worked on multiple movies and television shows, including Scrubs, where they won an Emmy award for their work on "My Musical", and was nominated three times for an Emmy award for sound mixing on the HBO miniseries From the Earth to the Moon.
References
External links
Cinema Audio Society Award nomination
Living people
American audio engineers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Abbasabad (, also Romanized as ‘Abbāsābād and Abbāsābād; also known as ‘Abbāsābād-e Kenār Jāddeh) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 288, in 79 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Quack monument or Marie-Adolffontein is a monument in Nijmegen, in the Dutch province of Gelderland.
The Quack monument was originally founded in 1926 from a legacy of Arnoldus Burchard Adolphus Quack (Nijmegen, 6 April 1842 - Nijmegen, 11 November 1920). Quack was alderman of the municipality of Nijmegen from 1902 to 1919. The monument is named after them and their twin sister Maria (Marie) Christina (Nijmegen, April 6, 1842 - Nijmegen, March 15, 1905). Quack left their legacy to the municipality of Nijmegen under the condition that a fountain, the Marie Adolphron named after their sister, would be erected.
Architect Willem Bijlard designed the monument that contains four fountains and four bells at the base and four lanterns at the top. The lower part is made of granito. The obelisk is made of red granite with carved art-deco ornaments. The lanterns and bells are made of bronze. The ornamental surfaces under the bells were made by stonemason Litjes. 75 m3 of granite and 30 m3 of concrete have been processed.
It was demolished in 1958 because it had to give way to traffic. Several parts, such as the glass parts and the bells were destroyed by, among other things, the bombing of Nijmegen in 1944. The different parts were stored for years. In 1976 there was mention of the monument to be erected in the new Dukenburg district. Eventually the monument was rebuilt in 2000 in the same place where it stood until 1958.
The monument is often compared to a phallus. On World AIDS Day 2004 a huge 'condom' was drawn over the monument.
Gallery
References
Nijmegen
is the tenth single of the Japanese boy band Arashi. The single was released in 2003 in two editions: a regular edition and a limited edition with a deluxe cover art. Both editions contain the same tracks. The limited edition includes a hidden track, the continuation of the group's Secret Talk from "Pikanchi".
Single information
"Tomadoi Nagara" was used as the theme song for the drama starring Arashi member Sho Sakurai in their first lead role.
Track listing
Notes
The limited edition version of "Fuyu no Nioi (instrumental)" includes a hidden talk track.
Charts and certifications
Charts
Certifications
References
External links
Tomadoi Nagara product information
Tomadoi Nagara Oricon profile
Arashi songs
2003 singles
Japanese television drama theme songs
2003 songs
J Storm singles
Ivanuš Pergošić (1521-1592) () was early Kajkavian author from Habsburg Slavonia and author of the 1574 translation of Tripartitum (written by István Werbőczy) which is the first printed Kajkavian book.
In 1564 Pergošić was a rector of a school in Zagreb. They were one of four most important members of the Varaždin literary circle, besides Antun Vramec, Blaž Škrinjarić and Blaž Antilović. Pergošić was tolerant to Protestantism.
Decretum
Pergošić published their works in Zagreb and Varaždin. In 1574 they printed a translation of “Tripartitum” written by István Werbőczy. Pergošić referred to the language they used in this translation (titled Decretum) was Slavic (Szlouienski in original, ) and in its preface Pergošić emphasized that it was written for "Slavs and Croats". It is assumed that they used terms Slavs and Croats to refer to the people of two administrative regions of Habsburg monarchy (Kingdom of Slavonia and Kingdom of Croatia) without any sort of ethnic connotation. Pergošić's 1574 translation of “Tripartitum” is considered the first printed book on Kajkavian dialect and the first printed work of Kajkavian literature.
References
Sources
1521 births
1592 deaths
History of the Serbo-Croatian language
Calhoun County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,927. Its county seat is Rockwell City.
History
Calhoun County was formed on January 15, 1851 from open land originally named Fox County. It was renamed in 1853 after the seventh US Vice President secessionist John C. Calhoun. When the tracks of the
Illinois Central Railroad were laid through the county in 1870, the county seat was moved from Lake City to Rockwell City. The first train reached Rockwell City on August 7, 1882 and the population count doubled in the same year. The first courthouse, built of wood, burned to the ground in 1884 and the county government moved into a nearby hotel. In 1913, the current courthouse was built.
On July 6, 1893, Pomeroy was struck by a tornado that measured F5 on the Fujita scale. With a damage path wide and long, the tornado destroyed about 80% of the homes in Pomeroy. The tornado killed 71 people and injured 200.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.4%) is water.
Ecology
Calhoun County is located entirely within the Des Moines Lobe of the Western Corn Belt Plains ecoregion, as defined by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). One of the flattest regions in Iowa, the Des Moines Lobe ecoregion is a distinctive area naturally defined by Wisconsin glaciation but modified by humans for extensive agriculture. In general, the land is level to gently rolling with some areas of relief defined by glacial features like moraines, hummocky knobs, and kettles, and outwash deposits. The lobe does not have any loess deposits like the Loess Hills to the west.
The stream network is poorly developed and widely spaced, with major rivers carving valleys that are relatively deep and steep-sided. Almost all of the natural lakes of Iowa are found in the northern part of this region (the Iowa Great Lakes). Most of the region has been converted from wet prairie to agricultural use with substantial surface water drainage. Only a small fraction of the wetlands remain, and many natural lakes have been drained as a result of agricultural drainage projects via drainage tiles or ditches.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 20
Iowa Highway 4
Iowa Highway 7
Iowa Highway 175
Adjacent counties
Pocahontas County (north)
Webster County (east)
Greene County (southeast)
Carroll County (southwest)
Sac County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 9,927 in the county, with a population density of . 97.22% of the population reported being of one race. 91.88% were non-Hispanic White, 1.53% were Black, 2.38% were Hispanic, 0.24% were Native American, 0.26% were Asian, 0.08% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.63% were some other race or more than one race. There were 4,771 housing units of which 4,070 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 9,670 in the county, with a population density of . There were 5,108 housing units, of which 4,242 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 11,115 people, 4,513 households, and 3,014 families residing in the county. The population density was 20 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 5,219 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.06% White, 0.69% Black or African American, 0.20% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.34% from other races, and 0.52% from two or more races. 0.90% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,513 households, out of which 27.80% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.90% were married couples living together, 6.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.20% were non-families. 30.50% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.31 and the average family size was 2.87.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.10% under the age of 18, 6.40% from 18 to 24, 24.80% from 25 to 44, 23.70% from 45 to 64, and 22.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 98.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 97.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $33,286, and the median income for a family was $41,583. Males had a median income of $28,787 versus $20,095 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,498. 10.10% of the population and 7.10% of families were below the poverty line. Out of the total population, 13.50% of those under the age of 18 and 8.50% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.
Communities
Cities
Farnhamville
Jolley
Knierim
Lake City
Lohrville
Lytton
Manson
Pomeroy
Rinard
Rockwell City
Somers
Yetter
Unincorporated communities
Easley
Knoke
Sherwood
Twin Lakes, a census-designated place
Townships
Calhoun County is divided into sixteen townships:
Butler
Calhoun
Cedar
Center
Elm Grove
Garfield
Greenfield
Jackson
Lake Creek
Lincoln
Logan
Reading
Sherman
Twin Lakes
Union
Williams
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Calhoun County.
† county seat
Politics
Politically, Calhoun County has favoured the Republicans since 1896, usually only voting Democrat when the party won national victories. It first voted for the Democrats in 1932 when Franklin D. Roosevelt won in a landslide victory against Herbert Hoover. In 2000, Calhoun County voted for George W. Bush and has voted for the Republicans ever since. In 2016 Donald Trump won 67.2% percent of the vote in Calhoun County, the highest vote share since Dwight D. Eisenhower's victory in 1952.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Calhoun County, Iowa
Calhoun County Courthouse
References
External links
County website
Graphic-Advocate Newspaper
1855 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1855
DAISY is a band based in Los Angeles, California. DAISY is composed of Daisy Hamel-Buffa, Alex Kasvikis, Maxx Morando, Matt Fildey, and Ben Roswell Salk. Their genre has been described as "loud jazz" and "R&B punk."
History
DAISY has been making music together since 2014, with connections to The Internet because they "just kind of lived down the street from my friend," explained Daisy Hamel-Buffa for Impose Magazine. DAISY released their first album, Smoke About It in 2016. DAISY released their first single in 2018 with "Still Here" off their album Have A Snack. The track "Still Here" was originally supposed to feature a rap verse but when that fell through, the verse was replaced with a call-and-response verse with pitched vocals. In 2019 they released their second single named "Day Off." The beat for "Day Off" was provided by The Internet's Matt Martians and Hamel-Buffa wrote the lyrics about "this very big crush I had on this boy that works at the Trader Joe's down my street and having this unsolicited crush on this guy and do they even know that I exist, and do they notice that I'm obsessed with him," as they explained in an interview with FADER. The music video for "Day Off" was directed by Seannie Bryan.
Members
Daisy Hamel-Buffa – vocals
Alex Kasvikis – bass
Maxx Morando – drums
Matt Fildey – guitar and dancing
Ben Roswell Salk – keyboard
Musical style
The group's first EP, Smoke About it, is composed of four songs recorded in one-take and two of the tracks, "Way Cool Baby Love" and "Overtime" feature an abrupt time change midway through. Alex Kasvikis explained to Impose Magazine that, “To me it feels like part of making pop music, making music that is catchy, both by nature and intentionally, and then at some point, tearing that rug out from the listener.”
References
Musical groups from Los Angeles
Wherrett is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Peter Wherrett (1936–2009), Australian motoring and motor sport journalist and race car driver
Richard Wherrett (1940–2001), Australian theatrical director
Debesh Chattopadhyay or Debesh Chatterjee is an Indian Bengali film & theatre director and actor. They have also acted in a few Bengali films.
Career
Chattopadhyay is associated with theatre since 1984. At that time they were 18 years old. In 1989 they joined Bengali theatre group Shilpayan and became a full-time theatre artist. In 1992 they joined theatre group Ganakrishti and acted in the play Manyobor Bhool Korchen. They also worked in the theatre group Theatron. Sansriti.
As A Documentary Film Maker
Documentary film on ‘Satu Sen' which is financed by the National School of Drama, Delhi.
Documentary film ‘Dreams Unlimited' on ‘Natyamela 2008' produced by Paschim Banga Natya Academy.
Documentary film on ‘Rangakarmi -A Journey' based on the activities and contribution of the theatre group ‘RANGAKARMI' (Director- Usha Ganguly).
Documentary film on ‘Habib Tanvir' produced by Paschim Banga Natya Academy.
As a Film Maker
Natoker Moto - Like a Play (Based on the life and career of the deceased actor Keya Chakraborty)
IYE - The Others (Inspired by Peter Bischel's Kindergarten Stories)
As a Theatre Workshop Instructor
Physically and mentally challenged children of SANCHAR, BIKRAMSHILA (NGO).
Theatre workers of different theatre groups of West Bengal.
School children (St. Augustine's, South Point, Kolkata).
Minerva Natyasanskriti Charchakendra for repertoire.
Paschim Banga Natya Academy, Theatrical Workshop (Residential), at Kaliagange, Uttar Dinajpur.
As a Theatre Seminar Speaker
Seminars organised by N S D, Paschimbanga Natya Academy, Nandipat, Rangakala, Sayak,Rangroop, Abhinayan, Rupantar, Ajitesh Natya Academy, Natya Srijoni, Natyasodh, Kathakriti, Prachya etc.
As a Visiting Lecturer
Indian Institute Of Science, Bangalore on ‘ Neuroscience & Theatre' in 2009.
Wigan & Leigh College India on ‘Acting' for Design Faculty in 2008.
Govt. College, Bashirhat on ‘Absurd Drama' for Arts Faculty in 2007.
As a Research associate
Senior Fellowship on ‘Neuroscience & Theatre' financed by Ministry Of Culture, Govt Of India.
Honours
50 Emerging Stars of India by The Week (Independence Day special Issue 2003).
Best Playwright of the Year in 2002, by West Bengal Youth Council .
Best Play of the Year in 2007, by Information & culture Dept., Govt. of West Bengal for the play “Surjo-Pora Chhai”.
Best Playwright of the Year in 2008, Satyen Mitra Award by Theatre Workshop for play “Surjo-Pora Chhai”.
Best Director of the Year in 2008, Shyamal Sen Smriti Puraskar by Theatre Group SwapnaSandhani for the play “Surjo-Pora Chhai”.
Best Director of the Year in 2009, by Information & Culture Dept., Govt. of West Bengal for the play “Dream Dream”.
Best Play of the Year in 2010, by Sudrak for the play “Dream Dream”.
Dinabandhu Mitra Smriti Sammanana in 2011, by Bongaon Natyacharcha Kendra.
Best Director of the Year in 2012, rajat Jayanti Swarak Samman from Anya Theatre, for “DEVI SARPAMASTA”.
NAVENDU SMRITI SAMMAN 2012 To The Director Debesh Chattopadhyay, for “BIKELE BHORER SHORSHE PHOOL”.
ZEE GAURAV AWARD To The Director Debesh Chattopadhyay, for “ BIKELE BHORER SHORSHE PHOOL”.
ZEE GAURAV AWARD for best production “ BIKELE BHORER SHORSHE PHOOL”.
ZEE GAURAV JURI AWARD To The Writer Debesh Chattopadhyay, for “ BRAIN”.
Works
Plays
(in alphabetical order)
Agnibarshi (Theatre Canvas)
Brain (Sansriti)
Bikele Bhorer Shorshe Phool (Sansriti)
Break Fail (Sansriti)
Chena Dukhho Chena Sukh (Mukhomukhi)
Debi Sarpamasta (Minerva Repertory Theatre)
Dream Dream (Sansriti)
Fandi Gram (Sansriti)
Griha Prabesh (Onyo Theatre)
Hayabadana (THEATRE CANVAS)
Nekre o Bhera (Sansriti)
Shey (Sansriti)
Surjo Pra Chai (Sansriti)
Tetri Kahani (Sansriti)
Fetaru (Sansriti)
Siddhidata(Sansriti)
Tughlak(Sansriti)
Maow(Sansriti)
Saudagorer Nouka (Sansriti)
Chand Manasar Kissa (Sansriti)
Kothakar Choritro Kothay Rekhecho (Sansriti)
Films
The Play (Unreleased)
Chaplin (2011)
Herbert
TV series
Harano Sur
Awards
FCCI Award for Best Debut Director (Natoker Moto) at HBFF-2016 Citation: “For the sensitive cinematic portrayal of the struggle of a dedicated artistic soul in a powerful visual odyssey that reinforces cinema, theater and lived life.” Jury members: Siladitya Sen, Madhu Eravankara, and Dalton L
References
External links
Theatre Sansriti website
1960s births
Living people
Bengali Hindus
20th-century Bengalis
20th-century Bengalis
Bengali theatre personalities
Male actors in Bengali cinema
Bengali Hindus
Indian theatre directors
21st-century Indian directors
Film directors from Kolkata
Indian film directors
Phtheochroa albiceps is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Guerrero, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1914
Phtheochroa
{{Infobox album
| name = La Más Completa Coleccion| type = Compilation
| artist = Marco Antonio Solís
| cover = La Más Completa Coleccion cover.jpg
| alt =
| released = January 26, 2009
| recorded = 1996 – 2006
| venue =
| studio =
| genre = Latin
| length =
| label = Fonovisa
| producer = Marco Antonio Solís
| prev_title = Una Noche en Madrid
| prev_year = 2008
| next_title = Más de Marco Antonio Solís
| next_year = 2009
}}La Más Completa Coleccion''' is a compilation album released by Marco Antonio Solís on January 26, 2009.
Track listing
Disc 1
All songs written and composed by Marco Antonio Solís
Disc 2
All songs written by Marco Antonio Solís
References
2009 compilation albums
Marco Antonio Solís compilation albums
Fonovisa Records compilation albums
Helix Semiconductors, formerly Semitrex, is an Irvine, California-based fabless semiconductor company that designs chips for improved power management. The company's patented capacitive voltage reduction technology uses cascading capacitors to store power and convert voltages on chips, reducing the energy consumption of electronic devices.
The company also has offices throughout the United States and in Europe.
History
Semitrex was founded in 2012 in Tulsa, Oklahoma by Michael H. Freeman, an Emmy Award-winning designer of mobile video technology that became the basis for the 802.11n wireless standard. The company's technology development efforts started with a search for improving the battery life of mobile phones, which led to power saving technology discoveries using capacitor-based circuits.
The company relocated to Laguna Beach, CA, and in February 2015 exited stealth mode and announced its technology. By that time, the company had filed 46 patents for its capacitive voltage reduction technology, which it called Muxcapacitor.
In March 2015, the company's integrated circuit (IC) was reportedly on its third generation, which the company announced was the last prototype before sample chips would be released to the market.
In July 2015, Semitrex hired Washington DC lawfirm Hogan Lovells to lobby for energy efficiency issues.
In February 2016, the company opened a design center in Irvine, California's "Technology Corridor", and an office in Milan, Italy, for better access to local engineering talent. The Milan office, also a design center, was reportedly focusing on mixed-signal analog chips, including digital power control designs. The Irvine design center became the company's new headquarters.
In June 2016, the company opened its London Integrated Design Center and formed a UK subsidiary, Semitrex Integrated Semiconductors, Limited. The UK expansion would reportedly allow the company to modify its Muxcapacitor technology to create power inverters to support the European Union's 2009 Renewable Energy Directive.
In March 2017, the company rebranded as Helix Semiconductors, and Harold Blomquist was announced as the company's new CEO and President.
Products/Technology
Muxcapacitor
The company's core semiconductor product is used for energy efficient power supplies. Its patented gate switch technology, called Muxcapacitor, is pre-regulation capacitive voltage reduction technology which uses cascading capacitors to more efficiently store power on a chip. Some capacitor banks are shut down when not in use, conserving power. The device also reduces the primary voltage through a transformer before the energy is processed for voltage and current adjustment and isolation. This reduces the size of the transformer and limits the need for secondary parts. Also, by using capacitive rather than inductive reductions, the need for magnets is eliminated, and very efficient high voltage conversions are achieved across a range of electrical loads.
Tronium PSSoC
Muxcapacitor technology is used on the company's Tronium brand of Power Supply System on a Chip (PSSoC), to manage power and reduce energy consumption for electronic devices. The Tronium PSSoC includes a dial-a-voltage feature which allows the chip to be programmed for a range of outputs from 1.8 to 48 volts, eliminating the need for additional country-specific power supplies. It also includes primary side regulation technology that eliminates the need for the opto-couplers which are traditionally required to maintain constant voltage and transfer electrical signals in the presence of high voltages. This reduces part count, allowing cost and size reductions of electrical equipment. The company sells a transformer-free Tronium variation called pwIoT (p-watt) designed for Internet of Things-type connected devices, which are often required to be compact to support a particular application. It takes AC line voltage and reduces it to the level of voltage the sensor requires. Products designed to work with minimal standby power requirements conserve energy and help solve the problem of vampire power drain, so-called because it drains while a machine or device is inactive. The pwIoT can be controlled remotely and wirelessly.
Inverter Supply System on a Chip
In June 2016, the company announced it was working in London on the reverse of the power supply process, with the Inverter Supply System on a Chip (ISSoC). While the core Tronium technology is designed to reduce energy consumption with high to low voltage power converters, the company began exploring the feasibility of designing an inverter to take low voltage DC, which typically comes from renewable energy sources, and boost it to high voltage AC. A so-called micro-inverter would help countries meet the EU's renewable energy application requirements.
Awards and recognition
In 2015, while still operating as Semitrex, the company received the 2015 Frost & Sullivan “New Product Innovation for Powering the Internet of Things” Award. Their technology was also recognized at APEC 2016 (Applied Power Electronics Conference) as one of the “Top Ten Must-Have Innovations”.
Patents
The company holds 22 patents for its power supply technologies, including for its switched capacitor-based Muxcapacitor technique and quasi-resonant transformer-based power converter technology.
Locations
In addition to its Irvine headquarters and design center, the company has US offices in Colorado Springs, Colorado, Laguna Beach, California, Las Vegas, Nevada, Silicon Valley, and Tulsa, Oklahoma. International locations include a design center in Milan, Italy, and the London Integrated Design Center in London.
References
External links
Official website
EE Power website
Maker Pro website
Electronics Point website
Semiconductor companies of the United States
Technology companies based in Greater Los Angeles
Companies based in Irvine, California
Technology companies established in 2012
2012 establishments in California
Michael Byrne (born 7 November 1943) is a British actor known for their roles in the National Theatre, Hollywood films, and television shows.
Early life
Byrne was born in London, England, to Helen Byrne of Kilkenny, Ireland, a single parent.
Life and career
Byrne is a long-established stage actor, having joined the National Theatre in 1964 and appearing in many seasons since. They have also appeared on stage throughout the world. They have numerous theatre credits to their name including: Roberto Miranda in Death and the Maiden at the Royal Court, Maskwell in The Double Dealer and Claudio in Much Ado About Nothing at the National Theatre, Reg in Butley at The Criterion, and also The Cherry Orchard, The Seagull, Romeo and Juliet, Mayor of Zalamea, All My Sons, Lulu, Faith Healer, Duchess of Malfi, A Slight Ache, and Molly Sweeney amongst many others.
During their career they have played many German military roles such as Colonel Vogel in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, Major Schroeder in Force 10 from Navarone, Reinhard Beck in The Scarlet and the Black and General Olbricht in The Plot to Kill Hitler. They were also the SS interrogator in Rogue Male. Byrne appeared as a Jewish concentration camp survivor who is instrumental in the capture of a Nazi war criminal (played by Sir Ian McKellen) in the film Apt Pupil.
 They are also familiar to audiences as Smythe, a soldier who attempts to rape William Wallace's wife and first inspires Wallace to seek independence from England in the film Braveheart.
Their other film credits include The Eagle Has Landed, Butley, A Bridge Too Far, The Medusa Touch, The Saint, Tomorrow Never Dies, The Good Father, The Sum of All Fears, Gangs of New York, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1, Mortdecai.
On television, they have appeared in Thriller, Tales of the Unexpected, The Professionals (TV Series), The Devil's Crown, Smiley's People, Yes, Prime Minister, Lord Mountbatten: The Last Viceroy, Between The Lines, Sharpe, Hornblower, A Touch of Frost, (The episode "Quarry", in which they played the father of Allie Byrne, their real-life daughter), Agatha Raisin (Hell's Bells), Midsomer Murders (The Ghost of Causton Abbey), The Mists of Avalon, Waking the Dead, The Body Farm, Honest, Hamish Macbeth, and Casualty.
From April 2008 to January 2010, Byrne starred in Coronation Street, as Ted Page, Gail Platt's long lost father and the ex-lover of Audrey Roberts.
Byrne appeared in State of Play at the Edinburgh Festival written by Zia Trench.
They played Romeo to Siân Phillips' Juliet at the Bristol Old Vic.
They played Alfred Maxwell in BBC's Casualty, a terminally ill man with motor neuron disease and their friendship with clinical lead Connie Beauchamp.
They play Bruce Titchener in The Archers.
Filmography
References
External links
1943 births
Living people
English male film actors
English male television actors
English people of Irish descent
Male actors from London
20th-century English male actors
21st-century English male actors
Atmospheric tides are global-scale periodic oscillations of the atmosphere. In many ways they are analogous to ocean tides. Atmospheric tides can be excited by:
The regular day–night cycle in the Sun's heating of the atmosphere (insolation)
The gravitational field pull of the Moon
Non-linear interactions between tides and planetary waves.
Large-scale latent heat release due to deep convection in the tropics.
General characteristics
The largest-amplitude atmospheric tides are mostly generated in the troposphere and stratosphere when the atmosphere is periodically heated, as water vapor and ozone absorb solar radiation during the day. These tides propagate away from the source regions and ascend into the mesosphere and thermosphere. Atmospheric tides can be measured as regular fluctuations in wind, temperature, density and pressure. Although atmospheric tides share much in common with ocean tides they have two key distinguishing features:
Atmospheric tides are primarily excited by the Sun's heating of the atmosphere whereas ocean tides are excited by the Moon's gravitational pull and to a lesser extent by the Sun's gravity. This means that most atmospheric tides have periods of oscillation related to the 24-hour length of the solar day whereas ocean tides have periods of oscillation related both to the solar day and to the longer lunar day (time between successive lunar transits) of about 24 hours 51 minutes.
Atmospheric tides propagate in an atmosphere where density varies significantly with height. A consequence of this is that their amplitudes naturally increase exponentially as the tide ascends into progressively more rarefied regions of the atmosphere (for an explanation of this phenomenon, see below). In contrast, the density of the oceans varies only slightly with depth and so there the tides do not necessarily vary in amplitude with depth.
At ground level, atmospheric tides can be detected as regular but small oscillations in surface pressure with periods of 24 and 12 hours. However, at greater heights, the amplitudes of the tides can become very large. In the mesosphere (heights of about ) atmospheric tides can reach amplitudes of more than 50 m/s and are often the most significant part of the motion of the atmosphere.
The reason for this dramatic growth in amplitude from tiny fluctuations near the ground to oscillations that dominate the motion of the mesosphere lies in the fact that the density of the atmosphere decreases with increasing height. As tides or waves propagate upwards, they move into regions of lower and lower density. If the tide or wave is not dissipating, then its kinetic energy density must be conserved. Since the density is decreasing, the amplitude of the tide or wave increases correspondingly so that energy is conserved.
Following this growth with height atmospheric tides have much larger amplitudes in the middle and upper atmosphere than they do at ground level.
Solar atmospheric tides
The largest amplitude atmospheric tides are generated by the periodic heating of the atmosphere by the Sun – the atmosphere is heated during the day and not heated at night. This regular diurnal (daily) cycle in heating generates thermal tides that have periods related to the solar day. It might initially be expected that this diurnal heating would give rise to tides with a period of 24 hours, corresponding to the heating's periodicity. However, observations reveal that large amplitude tides are generated with periods of 24 and 12 hours. Tides have also been observed with periods of 8 and 6 hours, although these latter tides generally have smaller amplitudes. This set of periods occurs because the solar heating of the atmosphere occurs in an approximate square wave profile and so is rich in harmonics. When this pattern is decomposed into separate frequency components using a Fourier transform, as well as the mean and daily (24-hour) variation, significant oscillations with periods of 12, 8 and 6 hours are produced. Tides generated by the gravitational effect of the sun are very much smaller than those generated by solar heating. Solar tides will refer to only thermal solar tides from this point.
Solar energy is absorbed throughout the atmosphere some of the most significant in this context are water vapor at about 0–15 km in the troposphere, ozone at about 30–60 km in the stratosphere and molecular oxygen and molecular nitrogen at about 120–170 km) in the thermosphere. Variations in the global distribution and density of these species result in changes in the amplitude of the solar tides. The tides are also affected by the environment through which they travel.
Solar tides can be separated into two components: migrating and non-migrating.
Migrating solar tides
Migrating tides are sun synchronous – from the point of view of a stationary observer on the ground they propagate westwards with the apparent motion of the sun. As the migrating tides stay fixed relative to the sun a pattern of excitation is formed that is also fixed relative to the Sun. Changes in the tide observed from a stationary viewpoint on the Earth's surface are caused by the rotation of the Earth with respect to this fixed pattern. Seasonal variations of the tides also occur as the Earth tilts relative to the Sun and so relative to the pattern of excitation.
The migrating solar tides have been extensively studied both through observations and mechanistic models.
Non-migrating solar tides
Non-migrating tides can be thought of as global-scale waves with the same periods as the migrating tides. However, non-migrating tides do not follow the apparent motion of the sun. Either they do not propagate horizontally, they propagate eastwards or they propagate westwards at a different speed to the sun. These non-migrating tides may be generated by differences in topography with longitude, land-sea contrast, and surface interactions. An important source is latent heat release due to deep convection in the tropics.
The primary source for the 24-hr tide is in the lower atmosphere where surface effects are important. This is reflected in a relatively large non-migrating component seen in longitudinal differences in tidal amplitudes. Largest amplitudes have been observed over South America, Africa and Australia.
Lunar atmospheric tides
Atmospheric tides are also produced through the gravitational effects of the Moon. Lunar (gravitational) tides are much weaker than solar thermal tides and are generated by the motion of the Earth's oceans (caused by the Moon) and to a lesser extent the effect of the Moon's gravitational attraction on the atmosphere.
Classical tidal theory
The basic characteristics of the atmospheric tides are described by the classical tidal theory. By neglecting mechanical forcing and dissipation, the classical tidal theory assumes that atmospheric wave motions can be considered as linear perturbations of an initially motionless zonal mean state that is horizontally stratified and isothermal. The two major results of the classical theory are
atmospheric tides are eigenmodes of the atmosphere described by Hough functions
amplitudes grow exponentially with height.
Basic equations
The primitive equations lead to the linearized equations for perturbations (primed variables)
in a spherical isothermal atmosphere:
with the definitions
eastward zonal wind
northward meridional wind
upward vertical wind
geopotential,
square of Brunt-Vaisala (buoyancy) frequency
angular velocity of the Earth
density
altitude
geographic longitude
geographic latitude
heating rate per unit mass
radius of the Earth
gravity acceleration
constant scale height
time
Separation of variables
The set of equations can be solved for atmospheric tides, i.e., longitudinally propagating waves of zonal wavenumber
and frequency . Zonal wavenumber is a positive
integer so that positive values for correspond to eastward propagating tides
and negative values to westward propagating tides. A separation approach of the form
and doing some manipulations yields expressions for the latitudinal and vertical structure of the tides.
Laplace's tidal equation
The latitudinal structure of the tides is described by the horizontal structure equation which is also called Laplace's tidal equation:
with Laplace operator
using , and eigenvalue
Hence, atmospheric tides are eigenoscillations (eigenmodes)of Earth's atmosphere with eigenfunctions , called Hough functions, and eigenvalues . The latter define the equivalent depth which couples the latitudinal structure of the tides with their vertical structure.
General solution of Laplace's equation
Longuet-Higgins has completely solved Laplace's equations and has discovered tidal modes with negative eigenvalues (Figure 2). There exist two kinds of waves: class 1 waves, (sometimes called gravity waves), labelled by positive n, and class 2 waves (sometimes called rotational waves), labelled by negative n. Class 2 waves owe their existence to the Coriolis force and can only exist for periods greater than 12 hours (or ). Tidal waves can be either internal (travelling waves) with positive eigenvalues (or equivalent depth) which have finite vertical wavelengths and can transport wave energy upward, or external (evanescent waves) with negative eigenvalues and infinitely large vertical wavelengths meaning that their phases remain constant with altitude. These external wave modes cannot transport wave energy, and their amplitudes decrease exponentially with height outside their source regions. Even numbers of n correspond to waves symmetric with respect to the equator, and odd numbers corresponding to antisymmetric waves. The transition from internal to external waves appears at , or at the vertical wavenumber , and , respectively.
The fundamental solar diurnal tidal mode which optimally matches the solar heat input configuration and thus is most strongly excited is the Hough mode (1, −2) (Figure 3). It depends on local time and travels westward with the Sun. It is an external mode of class 2 and has the eigenvalue of . Its maximum pressure amplitude on the ground is about 60 Pa. The largest solar semidiurnal wave is mode (2, 2) with maximum pressure amplitudes at the ground of 120 Pa. It is an internal class 1 wave. Its amplitude increases exponentially with altitude. Although its solar excitation is half of that of mode (1, −2), its amplitude on the ground is larger by a factor of two. This indicates the effect of suppression of external waves, in this case by a factor of four.
Vertical structure equation
For bounded solutions and at altitudes above the forcing region, the vertical structure equation in its canonical form is:
with solution
using the definitions
Propagating solutions
Therefore, each wavenumber/frequency pair (a tidal component) is a superposition of associated Hough functions (often called tidal modes in the literature)
of index n. The nomenclature is such that a negative value of n refers to evanescent modes (no vertical propagation) and a positive value to propagating modes. The equivalent depth is linked to the vertical wavelength , since is the vertical wavenumber:
For propagating solutions , the vertical group velocity
becomes positive (upward energy propagation) only if for westward
or if for eastward
propagating waves. At a given height , the wave maximizes for
For a fixed longitude , this in turn always results in downward phase progression as time progresses, independent of the propagation direction. This is an important result for the interpretation of observations: downward phase progression in time means an upward propagation of energy and therefore a tidal forcing lower in the atmosphere. Amplitude increases with height , as density decreases.
Dissipation
Damping of the tides occurs primarily in the lower thermosphere region, and may be caused by turbulence from breaking gravity waves. A similar phenomenon to ocean waves breaking on a beach, the energy dissipates into the background atmosphere. Molecular diffusion also becomes increasingly important at higher levels in the lower thermosphere as the mean free path increases in the rarefied atmosphere.
At thermospheric heights, attenuation of atmospheric waves, mainly due to collisions between the neutral gas and the ionospheric plasma, becomes significant so that at above about 150 km altitude, all wave modes gradually become external waves, and the Hough functions degenerate to spherical functions; e.g., mode (1, −2) develops to the spherical function , mode (2, 2) becomes , with the co-latitude, etc. Within the thermosphere, mode (1, −2) is the predominant mode reaching diurnal temperature amplitudes at the exosphere of at least 140 K and horizontal winds of the order of 100 m/s and more increasing with geomagnetic activity. It is responsible for the electric Sq currents within the ionospheric dynamo region between about 100 and 200 km altitude.
Effects of atmospheric tide
The tides form an important mechanism for transporting energy from the lower atmosphere into the upper atmosphere, while dominating the dynamics of the mesosphere and lower thermosphere. Therefore, understanding the atmospheric tides is essential in understanding the atmosphere as a whole. Modeling and observations of atmospheric tides are needed in order to monitor and predict changes in the Earth's atmosphere.
See also
Atmospheric wave
Tide
Earth tide
Mesosphere
Thermosphere
Ionospheric dynamo region
Notes and references
Atmospheric dynamics
Ropoča (; ) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia. The Ledava River flows into a reservoir just south of the main settlement.
There is a round chapel in the centre of the village dedicated to the Sacred Heart of Jesus. It belongs to the Parish of Pertoča. It was built in the early 20th century.
References
External links
Ropoča on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Rogašovci
Walter Haskell Hinton was a painter and illustrator. They attended the Art Institute of Chicago 1901-1904, and they lived most of their life in the Chicago area, but spent some time in New York City, and Philadelphia.
Early life
Walter Haskell Hinton was born August 24th, 1886 in San Francisco.(1886–1980) Their father Walter Otho Hinton was a well-traveled man, a linguist with an extraordinary memory who worked for the San Francisco Chronicle, possibly as a compositor. Their mother, Mary Washburn Haskell Hinton, had strong artistic abilities. Hinton credited their own excellent visual memory to a combination of their parents' talents. The family moved to Denver and then to Chicago at the time of the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition. As a youth they saw a production of Buffalo Bill's Congress of Rough Riders of the World show – probably the one installed adjacent to the Exposition – which nourished their love of the Western pioneer and Native American cultures.
Their work included advertising, While in Philadelphia, Hinton developed the tobacco advertising character Velvet Joe for Liggett & Myers. Although they never received credit, it was Hinton who suggested Joe should resemble Mark Twain. outdoors magazines, illustrations for pulp magazines such as Mammoth Western and Western Story, magazine covers for Sports Afield, Outdoor Life, Dairy Farmer, and Successful Farming, as well as illustrations of John Deere Tractors. Much of their calendar work ended up on puzzles. Artist Reviews.
The Rediscovery of Walter Haskell Hinton
In 1988, a young new CEO named Robert Newman stumbled upon 24 paintings stashed in a storeroom at the company's headquarters. Awed and curious, they began asking where they came from, what they were for, and who made them. Robert Newman's interest, and that of their father Ervin Newman, led to a major retrospective exhibition in 1993, held at the Ewing Gallery of the University of Tennessee. It was the first ever exhibition of Walter Haskell Hinton's artwork, and the beginning of a recovery of Hinton's place in the history of American illustration art.
Magazine covers
Cover Artist: Fruit, Garden and Home magazine July 1924
Cover Artist: Wild West Weekly October 20, 1934
Cover Artist: Sports Afield magazine August 1938
Cover Artist: Sports Afield magazine April 1939
Cover Artist: Sports Afield magazine June 1940
Cover Artist: Outdoor Life magazine August 1940
Cover Artist: Sports Afield magazine January 1941
Cover Artist: Sports Afield magazine March 1941
Cover Artist: Outdoor Life magazine May 1941
Cover Artist: Outdoor Life magazine November 1941
Cover Artist: Outdoor Life magazine June 1942
Cover Artist: Mammoth Western Aug 1947
Cover Artist: Mammoth Western April 1948
Cover Artist: Mammoth Western September 1949
Other published works
Interior Artwork: Mammoth Western October 1948
Interior Artwork: Mammoth Western March 1950
Interior Artwork: Mammoth Western October 1950
References
External links
Official website
1886 births
1980 deaths
American illustrators
Artists from San Francisco
Holger Nielsen (1866–1955) was a Danish fencer, shooter, and athlete.
Holger Nielsen may also refer to:
Holger Bech Nielsen, Danish physicist
Holger K. Nielsen, Danish politician
Holger Marius Nielsen, Danish education official
The Holger Nielsen method of artificial respiration
Horse Bluff is a cliff in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The elevation is .
According to tradition, Horse Bluff was named when a saddled horse was found there but its owner never could be located.
References
Landforms of Sauk County, Wisconsin
Williams-Ellis is a surname and may refer to:
Clough Williams-Ellis (1883–1978), British architect
David Williams-Ellis (born 1959), British sculptor
Hywel Williams-Ellis, British actor
Susan Williams-Ellis (1918–2007), English pottery designer, who was best known for co-founding Portmeirion Pottery
Mitchell Anthony Roberts (born 16 September 2000) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Oldham Athletic of the , on loan from club Birmingham City.
They made their Football League debut while on loan to Harrogate Town of League Two in 2021, and spent the second half of the 2021–22 season with another League Two clubs, Carlisle United. They moved on loan to National League team Oldham Athletic for the first half of the 2022–23 season.
Early and personal life
Roberts was born in Hagley, Worcestershire, where they attended Haybridge High School. They were a childhood fan of West Bromwich Albion.
Career
Early career
Roberts joined Birmingham City's Academy as a 10-year-old in 2011, having previously played Sunday League football, and took up a two-year scholarship in July 2017. Their first year was interrupted by a knee injury, but they were able to move into the development squad in their second. They were offered a two-year professional contract in March 2019, and signed it in June.
Rumours in the 2019 summer transfer window linked Roberts with a move to then Premier League champions Manchester City and Scottish Premiership champions Celtic, and it was reported that Birmingham were willing to sell "at the right price". They did not leave, played 18 times for Birmingham's under-23 team during the abbreviated 2019–20 season, and signed a two-year professional contract in July 2020.
They were used in pre-season friendlies ahead of the 2020–21 season, but was not listed among those allocated a squad number.
Harrogate Town loan
Roberts joined League Two newcomers Harrogate Town on 8 January 2021 on loan until the end of the 2020–21 season. They made their club and Football League debut the next day, starting at left back in a 2–1 defeat away to Cambridge United. They played for 54 minutes, during which they received a yellow card for a bad tackle, before being replaced by Jay Williams because of a hamstring injury. They received treatment at Birmingham before returning to Harrogate towards the end of March, and next appeared in the first team on 20 April, playing the whole of a 3–0 home defeat. They played twice more, finishing their loan spell with four appearances.
Return to Birmingham
Roberts made their first-team debut for Birmingham in the EFL Cup second-round match at home to Fulham. Starting in a three-man defence alongside the experienced George Friend and fellow debutant Dion Sanderson, they played the whole of the 2–0 defeat. Roberts made their first Championship appearance on 7 November 2021 when, with five senior defenders unavailable through injury, they started on the left of a back three in a 2–1 defeat at home to Reading.
Carlisle United loan
Having made no further appearances for Birmingham, Roberts signed on loan for League Two club Carlisle United on 31 January 2022. They made their debut on 12 February, starting in a back three in a 2–2 draw away to Colchester United described by the News and Star as a "grim struggle". They finished the season with six appearances.
Oldham Athletic loan
Roberts signed for National League club Oldham Athletic on 25 August 2022, on loan until 1 January 2023. They made their debut the next day in the starting eleven for the match at home to Aldershot, which Oldham won with a stoppage-time goal. Manager John Sheridan described them as "excellent, very elegant, technically very good, comfortable on the ball."
Career statistics
References
2000 births
Living people
People from Bromsgrove District
English footballers
Association football defenders
Birmingham City F.C. players
Harrogate Town A.F.C. players
Carlisle United F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Musa Hilal () is a Sudanese Arab tribal chief and militia leader and adviser to the Sudanese Minister of Internal Affairs. Their Um Jalul clan exercised tribal leadership of the Arab Mahamid tribe in Darfur. The Mahamid are part of a larger confederation of camel-herding (Abbala) tribes of the Northern Rizeigat. Hilal is the leader of the Janjaweed militia, which was responsible for a massive military campaign against civilians in Darfur in 2003, as part of a counterinsurgency effort against Darfur rebel groups. On 21 January 2008, the Federal Government of Sudan announced the nomination of Musa Hilal as the chief advisor of the Ministry of Federal Affairs in Sudan. This position allows Mr. Hilal to coordinate with regional leaders surrounding Darfur, as well as with Arab tribal groups, on the relations of the military regime.
This political position further permits the military leader power over decisions made in Khartoum pertaining the recruitment of Janjaweed militias. In January 2014 Hilal defected from Sudan's ruling National Congress Party, and launched a new movement known as the Sudanese Awakening Revolutionary Council. As of late March 2014 Hilal was running their own administration in North Darfur, with their troops controlling Saraf Umra town, Kutum town, Kabkabiya town, and the El Waha area.
They were arrested in November 2017. By the time Sudanese President and National Congress Party leader Omar al-Bashir was deposed April 2019, it was reported that Hilal still remained in prison.
On March 11, 2021, Moussa Hilal was released, leader of the Janjaweed, the Arab militiamen accused of committing atrocities in Darfur received a pardon. Pardon granted by the Sovereign Council, the institution responsible for the transition in Sudan. Moussa Hilal remains under UN sanctions and is accused of serious crimes in Darfur.
Janjaweed
Hilal has acknowledged their role in the recruitment of Janjaweed militias, although they consistently deny that they are part of the military chain of command of the Janjaweed. They claim to be merely an influential sheikh in the area. In their own words: "It is a lie. Janjaweed is a thief. A criminal. I am a tribal leader, with men and women and children who follow me. How can they all be thieves and bandits? It is not possible."
They also reported in an interview by Human Rights Watch on 27 September 2004: "... I am not a criminal. Thank God I'm not afraid. I've never had any fear. If there's a concrete complaint and an investigation is opened against me, I can go to court -- nobody is above the law -- but not because of allegations made by Ali al Haj and Khalil Ibrahim, who are rebel leaders, who make up dark information and give to the UN, and they put my name on the list. That's not right."
Hilal also claims that actions by the Janjaweed are organized and directed from the federal government in Khartoum under Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir. In a video interview with Human Rights Watch, Musa Hilal stated that the attacks by the militia were directly ordered by the Sudanese government, and noted that “all of the people in the field are led by top army commanders…These people get their orders from the Western command center, and from Khartoum.”
According to noted Sudan scholar Alex de Waal, "Mr. Hilal's claim that they have no control over any militia does not bear scrutiny...  They are at the center of all of this." In letters to government officials and other tribal leaders, Sheikh Musa Hilal has repeatedly said their fighters are engaged in a jihad, or holy war, and will not disarm even if the government demands it. "We will not retreat," they wrote in one such letter in 2004 to the leaders in Khartoum, "we continue on the road of jihad." Trying to disarm their men, they wrote, would be "cowardly," and impossible to enforce. Another communique from Sheikh Hilal's headquarters in 2004, obtained by de Waal, demanded the militias to "change the demography of Darfur and empty it of African tribes."
Accusations
Musa Hilal has been accused of inciting ethnic conflicts in some areas in Darfur. In the 1990s, they were imprisoned on criminal charges, which included the murder of 17 people of African descent, and the robbery of the Central Bank of Nyala. In 2003 Musa Hilal was sent to prison in Port Sudan by the governor of North Darfur, but was released in April 2003 supposedly on Vice President Ali Osman Taha's orders and given the authority to recruit and command militia forces.
After their release Musa Hilal settled in Kebkabiya, where they supposedly organized a meeting to recruit Arab tribesmen from Awlad Rashid, Ireqat and Um Jalul.  They are the leader of the Um Jalul tribe, which plays a major role in the attacks in Darfur. They have been named by victims, witnesses of the attacks, and member of the armed force, as second in command of the Janjaweed militias, “border intelligence brigade,” in Misteriya. They were reported to have met numerous times with militia leaders to coordinate other village attacks.
Musa Hilal has also been accused of kidnapping women and keeping them imprisoned in West Misteriya, at Jebel Jur Hilal. In 2006, the United Nations imposed travel and financial bans on Musa Hilal. Musa Hilal was quoted as saying, “the travel ban - that would be a humiliation. I am a tribal leader. My reputation comes above anything and everything.”
On February 27, 2008, Mr. Reeves reported the destruction of 30 villages, the assassination of 200 people, the rape of over 200 girls and women, and the kidnapping of 150 women and 200 children. These actions, Reeves argued, were executed by Janjaweed militias under direct order of militia leader, Musa Hilal.
The international pressure that has been building up over the Sudanese government to address the attacks against civilians may force the government to give up Musa Hilal to international authorities. Musa Hilal is said to hold enough information to pose a threat to the Sudanese government if the latter were to turn against him. Thus, the Sudanese government has often dismissed international criticism regarding its decision to promote Musa Hilal to adviser to Federal Affairs Minister Abdel Basit Sabderat. Sudanese President Al Bashir was quoted as saying, “[Musa Hilal] contributed greatly to stability and security in the region.”
Influence in Chad
In December 2011 it was reported that Hilal's daughter, Amani Musa, was going to marry the president of Chad, Idriss Deby. The two were married on 21 January 2012.
See also
Darfur Conflict
Notes and references
External links
"In Sudan, 'a Big Sheik' Roams Free" by Emily Wax, The Washington Post, July 18, 2004
"Darfur: Militia Leader Implicates Khartoum", Human Rights Watch, 2005
"Darfur Notebook: Death in the Desert" by Jonathan Karl, ABC News's Nightline, 2 May 2005 (with interview notes of Hilal)
"Janjaweed 'leader' denies genocide" BBC News's Panorama, 14 November 2004
1961 births
Living people
African warlords
People from North Darfur
People of the War in Darfur
Central African Republic Bush War
Sudanese Sufis
Politics of Sudan
DYMY (105.5 FM), broadcasting as 105.5 Easy Rock, is a radio station owned by Manila Broadcasting Company through its licensee Cebu Broadcasting Company and operated by Muñoz Broadcasting Concepts. The station's studio and transmitter are located at the 2nd floor, RML Bldg., Burgos St., Bacolod.
History
The station was inaugurated in 1995 as a relay station of Manila-based Showbiz Tsismis under the call letters DYTS. In 2000, it rebranded as Yes FM and adopted a mass-based format. On July 1, 2009, it rebranded as 105.5 Easy Rock and switched to a Soft AC format.
References
Radio stations established in 1993
Adult contemporary radio stations in the Philippines
Radio stations in Bacolod
Easy Rock Network stations
The Broxbourne Council election, 2008 was held to elect council members of the Broxbourne Borough Council, a local government authority in Hertfordshire, England.
Composition of expiring seats before election
Election results
Results summary
An election was held in 12 wards on 1 May 2008. (No election in Rosedale Ward)
This was the first Local Government Election in Broxbourne where the British National Party fielded a "full slate" of candidates
The Labour Party gained 1 seat from the Conservative Party in Waltham Cross Ward.
The new political balance of the council following this election was:
Conservative 35 seats
Labour 3 seats
The next Local Government Election will be held on 6 May 2010 when seats will be contested in all of the 13 wards.
Ward results
References
2008
2008 English local elections
2000s in Hertfordshire
Orlando Chaves (born 5 February 1963) is a Brazilian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Brazilian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Brazil
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Rio de Janeiro (city)
20th-century Brazilian people
The William Lawrence House is a historic house at 101 Somerset Avenue in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was built in 1860 by local carpenter Abel Burt for William Lawrence, a salesperson. It is a two-story roughly square wood-frame structure, with a mansard roof topped by a cupola. The main entrance is set in a round-arch opening with a transom window, and its front porch features chamfered posts. The house contains a unique mix of Italianate elements, such as its square plan, large cupola and bracketed eaves, combined with Second Empire elements such as its unusual Mansard roof with ogee curve sides and pronounced dormers.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1860
Houses in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Hulford is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
James Hulford (1878-1963), Chemist
Frederick Hulford (1883–1976), British middle distance runner
Steve Hulford (born 1949), British Historian (Essex Witch Trials)
Paul Hulford (born 1958), Property Investor and Wealth Educator (Learn To Be Wealthy)
Justin Hulford (born 1971), British writer
Steve Hulford (born 1971), Canadian Entrepreneur
Peire Autier, Peire Authié or Pierre Authié (French: Peire Authié) was a Cathar Good Man (leader) in the Languedoc region of southern France. Originally a notary from Ax-les-Thermes, they travelled to Lombardy and Piedmont with their brother, Jacques, in the 1290s and converted to Catharism. During the winter of 1299–1300, they returned to Languedoc to revive the Cathar Church. They were arrested by the inquisitor Geoffroy d'Ablis in August 1309 and burned at the stake for heresy on April 10, 1310.
References
1310 deaths
Catharism
French Christian religious leaders
Year of birth unknown
In organizational development (OD), employee research involves the use of surveys, focus groups and other data-gathering methods to find out the attitudes, opinions and feelings of members of an organization.
See also
Employee survey
Interviewing
Focus group
Customer satisfaction
References
Peter Goudge. Employee Research: How to Increase Employee Involvement Through Consultation. Kogan Page. 2006. .
Organizational theory
Dickson Land is a land area between Isfjorden and Wijdefjorden at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It forms a peninsula between the Isfjorden branches Billefjorden and Dicksonfjorden. Dickson Land is named after Oscar Dickson.
References
Geography of Svalbard
Spitsbergen
"Nothing's Real but Love" is the debut single by English singer-songwriter Rebecca Ferguson. The song serves as the lead single from the debut studio album, Heaven, and was released in the United Kingdom on 20 November 2011, having originally been scheduled for release the following week. The release was brought forward to coincide with the first official performance of the song on the eighth series of The X Factor. The song was written by Ferguson with Eg White, who also produced it. "Nothing's Real but Love" is a mid-tempo soul and pop song. The song also features on Ferguson's debut EP, iTunes Festival: London 2012.
"Nothing's Real but Love" received positive reviews from critics, praising the gentle acoustics and the lyrics. On 26 November the song debuted at number ten on the UK Singles Chart, The song made the top ten in Scottish Singles Chart as well, and charted at 23 in the Irish Singles Chart. The song also received international success, with the song charting in the top twenty in Italian and Australian singles chart. "Nothing's Real but Love" was certified Gold in Australia for shifting 35,000 copies.
The song was used in a television advertisement campaign for Nescafé Gold Blend coffee, and was covered by Karise Eden of The Voice Australia. Ferguson has performed the track live a few times, including on The Today Show, where they made their U.S. television debut.
Background
The single was scheduled to be released on 27 November 2011, but the release date was brought forward to 20 November 2011 to coincide with their return to The X Factor, where they performed the track live on television for the first time alongside a performance of an album track on The Xtra Factor.
In terms of the actual meaning behind the song, Ferguson told Blues & Soul: "It's basically talking about how we get so concerned about stuff like money and cars that it overtakes our lives and we forget what's really important is FAMILY. I mean, I actually remember the day I wrote it with Eg White. Something had upset me, and I was like 'You know, people just forget what's important'... And then I literally just said 'It's not your money, it's not your car - it's LOVE!' - and straightaway we were both like 'Oh, we've got a SONG here!'!... And, while I know it sounds cheesy, I genuinely do think those sentiments are TRUE! Plus, I was standing in line and wondering why it doesn't move"
Composition
According to the sheet music published by EMI Music Publishing, "Nothing's Real but Love" is a soul and pop song set in common time with 72 beats per minute. The song is written in the key of A Major, with the vocal range from the note of A3 to F#5. Nothing's Real but Love contains the instruments of guitars and a piano.
Critical reception
"Nothing's Real But Love" received positive reviews from critics. Robert Copsey of Digital Spy gave the song four stars out of five and a positive review, stating:
"No money, no house, no car/ Is like love," they calmly ponder over gentle acoustics, allowing nothing but their voice to do the talking - one that is just as raw and shaky as it was this time last year but now with an added hint of diva ambition [...] the result is smooth, premium and leaves you feeling warm and fuzzy inside immediately after.
Music videos
A music video to accompany the release of "Nothing's Real but Love" was first released onto YouTube on 2 November 2011 at a total length of two minutes and fifty-one seconds, which showed Ferguson performing live with them band.
The official video premiered on Ferguson's official website on 23 November and then went to all UK music channels. The video is in black and white and sees Ferguson singing along with intercut scenes of various people around the streets of London.
Chart performance
The lead single from Heaven, "Nothing's Real But Love" was released on 20 November 2011. The single debuted on the UK Singles Chart at number 10. In February 2012 the single re-entered the official UK chart at number 34 and climbed two places to 32. The single spent eleven weeks in the top 100. The single peaked at number 23 in Ireland. The song debuted at number thirty-four in New Zealand, becoming their first record to chart outside the UK. The song also charted inside the top 20 of the Italian iTunes chart and has charted at number 16 on the Italian official chart. It peaked on the ARIA Charts at #41. Due to contestant Karise Eden singing it on The Voice (Australia) it re-entered the charts at a new peak of #14 and was certified gold. Karise's version placed at #11. The single also charted at number 24 in Swiss Music Charts.
Live performances
Rebecca performed the song for the first time during the live shows of the eighth series of The X Factor on 20 November 2011 followed by a performance on This Morning on 25 November. Ferguson performed it a few weeks later and after the release of Heaven on The Graham Norton Show on 17 December.
Track listing
Digital EP
"Nothing's Real but Love" - 2:54
"Nothing's Real but Love" (Logistics Remix) - 5:04
"Nothing's Real but Love" (T2 Mix) - 5:29
"Nothing's Real but Love" (Acoustic Studio Version) - 2:57
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2011 debut singles
Rebecca Ferguson (singer) songs
2010s ballads
Soul ballads
Songs written by Eg White
Songs written by Rebecca Ferguson (singer)
2011 songs
Syco Music singles
Black-and-white music videos
Music videos directed by Adam Powell
Prince Blucher was launched at Chittagong in 1815. They made one voyage for the British East India Company. They participated in two and possibly three rescues, one particularly notable, and was wrecked in 1821. Condemned, they were laid up and later broken up in 1824.
Career
First rescue – Frances Charlotte: left Batavia on 18 September 1816 bound for Bengal, carrying the 78th Highlanders regiment, together with their wives and children. On 5 November Frances Charlotte struck a sunken reef off Preparis. On 10 November Prince Blucher, Captain Weathrall, was sailing in the vicinity when they spied wreckage. Weathrall investigated and when they saw a signal fire and stopped to render assistance. Between 11 and 14 November Prince Blucher was able to rescue some 316 men, women, and children before bad weather forced them to leave. They took the survivors to Calcutta, where the Bengal Government dispatched two cruisers to rescue the 130 or so remaining survivors.
At Calcutta, Weathrall and their men received great praise for their efforts. The Governor-General, on behalf of the government of Bengal, awarded Weathrall 5000 sicca rupees for plate. It also awarded money to their officers and crew. The merchants of Calcutta too awarded Weathrall with an engraved silver plate.
EIC voyage (1817): Captain M. T. Weathrall sailed from Calcutta on 1 February 1817. Prince Blucher reached the Cape of Good Hope on 29 April, and arrived at Portsmouth on 30 June. They had carried some of the surviving 78th Highlanders.
Second rescue: Captain Weathrall sailed Prince Blucher from England on 23 August and Madeira on 21 September. On 21 January 1818 they encountered at a boat of pilgrims that had been driven out to sea from Saugor some nine day earlier. They were completely without food or water. Eight had died, two died after Prince Blucher got them aboard, and one more died thereafter. Still, Weathrall was able to bring safely into Calcutta, "eight Brahmans, four women, and twenty-six Bengalees".
In 1818 Captain James Henry Johnston took command of Prince Blucher. In them they sailed twice to London.
Third rescue: On 7 February 1819, , Jones, master, wrecked on Canda Island, on their way from London to Bombay. (Canda, or Candy, or Candu Island does not exist. Contemporary accounts believed that the island was east of the Chagos Archipelago.) Lloyd's List reported on 13 August 1819 that Iris had wrecked on "Solomon or Canda Island"; this would suggest that "Solomon Island" was the Salomon Islands, a small atoll in the Chagos Archipelago. Lloyd's List further reported that Prince Blucher had rescued Jones and some of the crew but that the rest of Iriss crew had remained on the island, and it was expected that most of the cargo would be saved. Prince Blucher had taken with their 40,000 dollars that Iris had been carrying. The Asiatic Journal... has an account of the wrecking and a subsequent dispute between Captain Lewis Jones and Captain Lagour, master of a French schooner, respecting compensation for passage for Jones and some of their crew to India. The account makes no mention of Prince Blucher.
Lloyd's List reported on 23 June 1820 that Prince Blucher, Johnston, master, had arrived in England from Bengal. They had left Bengal on 11 February 1820, and reached the Cape of Good Hope on 5 April. They left the Cape on 18 April, and reached Ascension Island on 5 May. On the morning of 22 June Prince Blucher grounded on the Shivering Sands in the Thames Estuary. That afternoon some smacks got them off; they arrived in the Thames River on the 24th.
Prince Blucher, Johnston, master, left London on 24 September and arrived at Bengal on 13 February 1821.
Loss
On 3 May 1821 Prince Blucher sailed from Bengal for Mauritius. They then stranded on the James and Mary Shoal in the Ganges River. They were refloated but was so badly damaged they had to be taken back to Calcutta. There they were condemned in June and laid up. They were finally broken up in 1824 at Fort Gloster.
Citations and references
Citations
References
Chronicles of the sea: or, Faithful narratives of shipwrecks, fires, famines, and disasters incidental to a life of maritime enterprise (1838).
1815 ships
Age of Sail merchant ships of England
British ships built in India
Maritime incidents in May 1821
Joseph Wagner (1706 – 1780) was a highly regarded eighteenth century German engraver and draughtsman.
Biography
They were born in Thalendorf in Gestratz, on Lake Constance, in 1706. They studied painting at Venice under Jacopo Amigoni, who persuaded them to turn to engraving, and Wagner accompanied Amigoni to Rome and Bologna, and in 1733 to England. They afterwards went to Paris, to study engraving under Laurent Cars. They then made a second stay in England, where their first productions were portraits of the three princesses, Anne, Amelia, and Caroline, the daughters of George ll. They engraved several other plates in England, but returned to Venice, where they opened a school and also carried on a considerable business as a print seller. They died in Munich in 1780. Their prints are very numerous, and their students included Francesco Bartolozzi, Antonio Capellan, Fabio Berardi and Jean Jacques Flipart.
References
This article incorporates text from the article "Wagner, Joseph" in Bryan's Dictionary of Painters and Engravers by Michael Bryan, edited by Robert Edmund Graves and Sir Walter Armstrong, a 1905 publication now in the public domain. G. Bell and Sons, London.
1706 births
1780 deaths
German engravers
German printmakers
Frans Piët (Haarlem, 17 February 1905 - 5 January 1997) was a Dutch comics artist, most famous as the original creator of the longest-running Dutch comics series of all time: Sjors & Sjimmie.
Biography
They were born in 1905 as the son of a butcher. Originally Piët aspired to become a musician and learned to play violin and saxophone. They even performed in The Blue Ramblers, headed by Pi Scheffer. Near the end of the 1920s they applied for a job at publishing company De Spaarnestad, where they drew patterns for sewing. In 1932 they were asked to draw comics for the children's magazines issued by De Spaarnestad. At the time Martin Branner's Perry Winkle was very popular under its Dutch translation of Sjors and even inspired their own eponymous magazine. When the original American comic strip gradually started to put more focus on Perry's sister, Winnie Winkle, business deals were made with King Features syndicate to create a local version of Branner's character, Sjors, to let the popular series continue with its focus on Sjors. In 1938 Piët became the creator of Sjors van de Rebellenclub (Sjors of the Rebel's Club), as the series was popularly titled. Gradually Sjors would become more its own thing, with storylines set in the Netherlands and a new cast of characters which replaced the original creations of Branner.
After World War II the series was retitled Sjors en Sjimmie (Sjors and Sjimmie) when Sjors met their black friend Sjimmie, who'd become their sidekick. Piët would draw Sjors and Sjimmie until they retired in 1969, after which Jan Kruis continued and modernized the series.
In 1974 Piët made a celebrity comic strip based on the popular children's TV series Tita Tovenaar. They died in 1997 at the age of 91, from an intracranial hemorrhage.
Sources
External links
Lambiek Comiclopedia article.
Page on dbnl.org
Dutch comics artists
Dutch illustrators
Dutch humorists
1905 births
1997 deaths
Artists from Haarlem
John Galvin is a former Gaelic footballer who played as a midfielder for Limerick in a career spanning 15 years from 1999 to 2014. They played their club football with Croom before transferring to Cratloe in Clare where they had been living for some years.
They were captain of the Limerick team that won the Munster Under-21 Football Championship in 2000. They played in 4 Munster Senior Football Championship finals but lost all 4 to Kerry in 2003, 2004 and 2010 and to Cork in 2009. In April 2003, they were named Vodafone GAA All-Stars Player of the Month for their part in helping Limerick win the Division 4 final of the National Football League. They were Man of the Match in the 2010 final scoring 1-02. They were picked on the 2010 GPA awards team at midfield. They also play hurling with Croom. They have been an all star nominees 3 times 2004, 2009, 2010. In 2008 they were part of the Munster team that won the Railway Cup.
In 2014, Galvin switched clubs to play for Cratloe in county Clare after living in the area for four years. They won the Clare Senior Football Championship with Cratloe in 2014
Galvin announced their retirement from inter-county football on 8 January 2015 after spending 15 years with Limerick and became what some people said "Limerick's greatest ever player"
Honours
Limerick
Munster Under-21 Football Championship (1): 2000
National Football League, Division 4 (1): 2010
Munster Final Man of The Match (1): 2010
GPA Team Of The Year (1): 2010
Cratloe
Clare Senior Football Championship (1): 2014
Munster
Railway Cup (1): 2008
References
Croom hurlers
Dual players
Croom Gaelic footballers
Limerick inter-county Gaelic footballers
Living people
1980 births
People educated at Ardscoil Rís, Limerick
The 2020 Coastal Carolina Chanticleers baseball team represented Coastal Carolina University in the 2020 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Chanticleers played their home games at Springs Brooks Stadium and were led by twenty-fourth year head coach Gary Gilmore.
On March 12, the Sun Belt Conference announced the indefinite suspension of all spring athletics, including baseball, due to the increasing risk of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Preseason
Signing Day Recruits
Sun Belt Conference Coaches Poll
The Sun Belt Conference Coaches Poll will be released sometime around January 30, 2020 and the Chanticleers were picked to finish second in the East Division and third overall in the conference.
Preseason All-Sun Belt Team & Honors
Drake Nightengale (USA, Sr, Pitcher)
Zach McCambley (CCU, Jr, Pitcher)
Levi Thomas (TROY, Jr, Pitcher)
Andrew Papp (APP, Sr, Pitcher)
Jack Jumper (ARST, Sr, Pitcher)
Kale Emshoff (LR, RS-Jr, Catcher)
Kaleb DeLatorre (USA, Sr, First Base)
Luke Drumheller (APP, So, Second Base)
Hayden Cantrelle (LA, Jr, Shortstop)
Garrett Scott (LR, RS-Sr, Third Base)
Mason McWhorter (GASO, Sr, Outfielder)
Ethan Wilson (USA, So, Outfielder)
Rigsby Mosley (TROY, Jr, Outfielder)
Will Hollis (TXST, Sr, Designated Hitter)
Andrew Beesley (ULM, Sr, Utility)
Roster
Coaching staff
Schedule and results
Schedule Source:
*Rankings are based on the team's current ranking in the D1Baseball poll.
References
Coastal Carolina
Coastal Carolina Chanticleers baseball seasons
Coastal Carolina Chanticleers baseball
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1975 season.
Overview
There were 6 teams competing for the championship, and Havnar Bóltfelag won.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
1975 in the Faroe Islands
1951 Meistaradeildin was the ninth season of Meistaradeildin, the top tier of the Faroese football league system. TB Tvøroyri won its third league title in the season.
Overview
Results
External links
Faroe Islands League Final Tables
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
The Togo national rugby union team represents Togo in international rugby union. Togo is a member of the International Rugby Board (IRB), and have yet to play in a Rugby World Cup tournament. Togo played their first international in 2001, losing to Nigeria. They won their first match in 2003, defeating Mauritania.
Overall Record
External links
Togo on IRB.com
Togo on rugbydata.com
[http://www.rugbyafrique.com/unions/
African national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Togo
National sports teams of Togo
Vasudev Vaman Shenoy (15 February 1940 – 9 March 2015), better known as V.V.Shenoy, was a notable Educationist, Educational Counsellor, Journalist and a Social Activist. They were also a plant enthusiast and very popular for the Panchavati Terrace Gardens that they developed on the terrace of their house frequented by several eminent personalities over the time.  They are the Founder Director of Students' Information & Guidance Bureau, an institution recognised for educational counselling. solving unemployment problems and for supporting and encouraging students to pursue their educational programs for further employment and choice of career. V.V.Shenoy died on 9 March 2015 due to medical complications.
Early life
V. V. Shenoy was born on 15 Feb 1940 in Borkatte, Karkala Taluk, Karnataka. They did their initial schooling in a small village elementary school in Borkatte. Due to the poor financial conditions at home they got out at the very young age of 14 and ventured out in search of work. They then pursued their high school education at S.V.T. Higher Elementary School, St. Thomas High School, Honnavar and then Janata Vidyalaya, Dandeli, part by part, with the help of the finances they managed to earn through the chores they did at various places. They then came to Belgaum around the year 1963 to pursue their higher education and did their Bachelor of Science at R.L.S. College, Belgaum. They were known for their commanding and leadership qualities and always had a soft corner for all their fellow students and other people. Be it Academics, extracurricular activities, National Cadet Corps (India), representing the college or various other organizations and other social activities, he's known to excel in all. During their B.Sc education days, they had to support their family back in their hometown as well as look after their basic needs in Belgaum. This is when they saw and realized the amount of difficulties students faced at their peak age of career decision making and education attaining phase. They then pursued and successfully completed their Bachelor of Education in Belgaum as they believed that it would help them in understanding the students' issues and the situation of the educational system. In the year 1968 they started (invented) a unique organization called Students' Information & Guidance Bureau . This organization served (and still does) over 60 lac members/students by solving, guiding and helping them achieve their higher education and career choices. In the last ~40 years, they worked and served in innumerable organizations/fields mainly including Journalism, Horticulture and Kannada & Konkani Culture, Literature and Traditions. They always believed that it was not necessary to be a Politician, Minister or a Celebrity to be a social worker and work for the welfare of the people.
Students' Information & Guidance Bureau
Students' Information & Guidance Bureau or SIGB was founded by Vasudev V Shenoy in the year 1968. They were approx 28 years old when they started the institution. Located at Shanivar Khoot, Kakatives in Belgaum City, this Institution provides guidance, detailed information of various courses available at various universities, apprenticeship available at private industrial sectors, scholarships provided by various institutions, government job opportunities, detailed information of banking, LIC and other such examinations, competitive exams, engineering and medical education facilities, job opportunities available for the youth and many other such information in and around Belgaum city and North Karnataka. The institution also had a branch office at Tilakwadi, Belgaum for over 30 years which was later closed in 2006 as they preferred concentrating and personally attending to and devoting their time at one place at the head office. This Institution is not a Government run office, Employment Exchange, University Branch office/Agency or any other Institute but a private run Institution for the well-being of the students.
SIGB has further sub sections of functioning i.e. STUDENTS' HELPLINE through which candidates pursue their U.G and P.G correspondence courses for a couple of Universities in Karnataka and STUDENTS' BOOK BUREAU where the latest and current Job Opportunities in various sectors are managed for the candidates.
A separate division was started for providing special guidance to the youth and the underprivileged in 1981.
The then Education Minister G.B.Shankar Rao inaugurated this division and officially became the first member on that day.
V.V. Shenoy personally attended to and guided most of the students to attain information and achieve education in their particular preferred field of interest. A lot of poor or underprivileged students seeking help guidance or information, have gained much so that they could complete their education. They had a wide range of sources from where they collected all the knowledge and information which they imparted onto the candidates. Important information/ news / ads reported in the various newspapers in various languages are compiled and made available on the notice board for the candidates' perusal on a daily basis. Job opportunities list is made available to all the candidates on the notice board.
Guides, Books, Old/model question papers thousands of reference books and important education, commerce, science, current affairs etc. related documents, collected from over the last 30 years are made available for the candidates' reference. This institution has helped and has had above 60 lakh members over the time.
Several personalities and notable persons have visited over the time and commended Shenoy's unique venture and their desire to work for the society and students in particular. Few of them namely G.B. Shankar Rao, S. R. Nayak, Chairman of Law Commission of Karnataka, OmPrakash, D.G. & I.G.P, Karnataka State, P J Nayak, Deputy Commissioner, PS Ramanujan, S. V. JaishilRao, H. M. Nagaraja Rao, G. V. Naik, Collector Customs Central Excise, H. M. Nayak, R. Shankarappa, Divisional Commissioner, I. M. Vithalmurthy, Charuhasan, Advocate and Film artist etc. Also eminent Kannada writers like Krishnamoorthy Puranik, K. Shivaram Karanth, U. R. Ananthamurthy, Santosh Kumar Gulwadi, Vyasrai Ballal and many more have visited SIGB.
SIGB currently functions and looked after by Mrs. Aruna Vasudev Shenoy.
Panchavati Terrace Garden/ Horticulture Department
An interesting "laboratory" for students of the schools around, a pleasant spot for visitors to the house to chat in, a cool tension free retreat for the family to spend an evening in – this is what V.V. Shenoy has created on their modest terrace. In their own words, their garden is a combination of Duty and Beauty. When this duty is undertaken with an eye for beauty, the effort takes a marvelous shape, with vegetable and fruit trees, flowering plants, Crotons and herbs swaying happily in perfect harmony. The variety of plants and trees blending perfectly into a harmony of colors and shapes is bewilderingly wide that it needs the owner to introduce to some of the rare ones. In this garden the mighty Banyan tree stands side by side with the humble shoe flower plant, the common Tulsi, Neem, Bluebells, Jasmines and Roses.
The spicy Clove, Cardamom, Pepper, Jaiphal and Coffee, rub shoulders (or rather branches) with the fragrant Champa, Dreamy Rajnigandha, colourful Mayflower and prosaic Rubber and Coconut trees. All are planted in pots 22" and less in height! Even the spaces below the bigger trees like Jamun, Seedless Mangoes, Chickoo, Mosambi, Pomegranate, Areca nut, Lemon and Guavas are lined with useful herbs like Ajwain, Pudina, Coriander, Lemongrass, Brahmi and Betel Leaves. One can see fruits growing in the most unbelievable conditions like a Mango of the size of a complete human palm, growing on a tree/plant just 3 feet tall, pineapples growing in the pot, large sized pomegranates, lemons, button oranges, sugar lemons, and even 15" long ladies finger on a long slender plant. The garden also boasts of exotic plants like Strawberries, Annapurna (a long leafy plant which put in the cooker while making rice gives an aroma of Basmati rice), AloeVera, Wild Berries, White Jamun or the Jaam, Starfruit, Chayote, Stevia (a plant very famous for diabetes controlling and eradicating powers), Brahmakamal and many more
The little green empire on the roof, making a mockery of the usual rough and rugged concrete terrace also mocks at the main misconception connected with gardening – that gardening is the monopoly of the aristocratic with sprawling acres, plenty of money to spend on manure, saplings and gardeners.
This garden is looked after by the family themselves without any professional gardener on duty which is a matter of pride and pleasure for them. This also leads to another fascinating hobby of ornithology, because of the innumerable birds coming in, thanks to the flowers and fruits.
Natural manure consisting of household waste, dried leaves and flowers from the garden etc. is used in place of chemical and artificial manures. This does away with the problem of garbage disposal and also ill effects of chemical fertilizers are avoided. V. V. Shenoy followed the phrase “kasa dinda rasa” (best out of waste) very practically. It is not the availability of the water alone that is important but correct management. All the waste water from the kitchen etc. is diverted to the garden for the plants.
This terrace garden also serves as a natural air conditioner for the house controlling the temperature inside it. The natural conditions created within the pots are perhaps excellent guards against extremes of temperatures. Thus even seasonal fruits and vegetables are reaped almost throughout the year.
The accolades of distinguished visitors like the then Union Agriculture Minister Balram Jakhar, Mr. Suresh Angadi, M.P, Bharatiya Janata Party . Dr. Vittal Rai, Vice-Chancellor of the Agriculture University, Dharwad, Dr. Beer Singh Chowdary, President of the Bharat Krishika Samaj , U.T. Alwa, Special Secretary to the Government of Karnataka, Forest Department Environment and Ecology have added to the enthusiasm of the garden lover.
The Shenoy family believes that if everybody follows this practice, of having at least a small group of plants, will keep the cities cool, green and above all healthy.
V.V. Shenoy has also worked as one of the Directors of the Horticulture Department, Belgaum. Flower and Fruit shows and exhibitions and competitions have been organized every year in Hume Park, Club Road, Belgaum, under the able guidance and active participation of V. V. Shenoy. They organized, conducted and managed to dedicatedly work for the research and development of plants even amidst their busy schedule involving their activities of their office.
Personal life
V.V. Shenoy married Aruna, daughter of Smt. Rukmini & Shri. Laxman Prabhu, Headmaster S.V.T. School , Karkala, in the year 1976. They have three children, Dr. Rashmi V. Shenoy, Chetan V. Shenoy and Anupkumar V. Shenoy.
Institutions And Organisations
To quote, a few institutions and organisations in which they have put their heart and soul and worked hard for the welfare of the society at large, are as follows:
Director, Students' Information & Guidance Bureau
Founder President, Belgaum District Konkani Parishad, Belgaum.
Member, Text Book Committee for Konkani Language in Karnataka State.
Director, Kalasangam.
Executive Member, All India Konkani Parishad, Panaji, Goa.
Secretary, Belgaum Press Club, Belgaum.
Secretary, Kanara Cultural Association.
Vice-President, Consumer Organisation for Protection and Education (COPE), Belgaum.
Founder Director, NORMCO, Belgaum.
Founder Director, SPOCO, Sports School Chandargi, Belgaum.
President, Terrace and Kitchen Garden Owners Association, Belgaum.
Director, Sahitya Sampada, Belgaum.
Director, Students' Helpine, Belgaum.
Ex General Secretary, Belgaum Dist. Kannada Sahitya Parishat, Belgaum.
Patron, Kannada Sahitya Parishat, Bangalore.
Life Member, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Mumbai.
Ex General Secretary, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Belgaum Kendra.
Executive Member, Alumni Association, KLE Society's Raja Lakhamagouda Science Institute, Belgaum.
Executive member, Ajanta Film Society, Belgaum
Director, Board of Management, Belgaum Dist Horticulture Society, Belgaum
Member, Belgaum District Postal Forum, Belgaum.
Twice General Secretary, All India Kannada Sahitya Sammelana held at Belgaum.
Worked as District Correspondent for Udayavani 'Daily', Manipal; ‘Vishal Karnataka', Hubli; ‘Navanadu Daily', Hubli; ‘Gomantak Times', Goa; and Jwalamukhi Daily', Bangalore.
Secretary, Regional Committee, Belgaum; First World Konkani Sammelan held at Mangalore in 1995.
and many more...
References
People from Udupi district
Journalists from Karnataka
Konkani people
1940 births
2015 deaths
Sangamon County is located in the center of the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 197,465. Its county seat and largest city is Springfield, the state capital.
Sangamon County is included in the Springfield, IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Sangamon County was formed in 1821 out of Madison and Bond counties. The county was named for the Sangamon River, which runs through it. The origin of the name of the river is unknown; among several explanations is the theory that it comes from the Pottawatomie word Sain-guee-mon (pronounced "sang gä mun"), meaning "where there is plenty to eat." Published histories of neighboring Menard County (formed from Sangamon County) suggest that the name was first given to the river by the French explorers of the late 17th century as they passed through the region. The river was named to honor "St. Gamo", or Saint Gamo, an 8th-century French Benedictine monk. The French pronunciation "San-Gamo" is the legacy.
Prior to being elected President of the United States, Abraham Lincoln represented Sangamon County in the Illinois Legislature. Lincoln, along with several other legislators, was instrumental in securing Springfield, the Sangamon County seat, as the state's capital. Sangamon County was also within the congressional district represented by Lincoln when they served in the US House of Representatives. Another legislator who represented Sangamon County was Colonel Edmund Dick Taylor, also known as "Father of the Greenback". The prominent financiers and industrialists Jacob Bunn and John Whitfield Bunn were based in Springfield, Sangamon County, Illinois, as well as in Chicago, during the nineteenth century and the early twentieth century. The careers of these men and the people with whom they collaborated helped to shape much of the history and development of Sangamon County, Illinois.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.0%) is water.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Springfield have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in February 1905 and a record high of was recorded in July 1954. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Major highways
Interstate 55
Interstate 55 Business Loop
Interstate 72
U.S. Route 36
Illinois Route 4
Illinois Route 29
Illinois Route 54
Illinois Route 97
Illinois Route 104
Illinois Route 124
Illinois Route 123
Illinois Route 125
Adjacent counties
Menard County - north
Logan County - north
Macon County - east
Christian County - southeast
Montgomery County - south
Macoupin County - south
Morgan County - west
Cass County - west
National protected areas
Lincoln Home National Historic Site
State protected areas
Sangchris Lake State Recreation Area
Demographics
As of the 2010 census, there were 197,465 people, 82,986 households, and 51,376 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 89,901 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 83.6% white, 11.8% black or African American, 1.6% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.5% from other races, and 2.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 29.4% were German, 14.8% were Irish, 12.1% were English, 9.5% were American, and 6.3% were Italian.
Of the 82,986 households, 30.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.4% were married couples living together, 13.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 38.1% were non-families, and 31.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.94. The median age was 39.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $52,232 and the median income for a family was $66,917. Males had a median income of $48,324 versus $36,691 for females. The per capita income for the county was $28,394. About 9.9% of families and 13.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 19.7% of those under age 18 and 7.3% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Sangamon County is governed by a 29-member board. Each member of the board is elected from a separate district.
Other elected officials include:
Politics
Like much of Central Illinois, Sangamon County tilts Republican. It is rather conservative for a county with an urban state capital, but is not nearly as conservative as the surrounding counties. Only six Democrats have carried it since 1896. It is slowly moving towards the Democratic camp, having shifted 8.7 points to the left since 2000 (as of 2020).
Communities
Cities
Auburn
Leland Grove
Springfield (county seat and largest municipality)
Virden
Villages
Berlin
Buffalo
Cantrall
Chatham
Clear Lake
Curran
Dawson
Divernon
Grandview
Illiopolis
Jerome
Loami
Mechanicsburg
New Berlin
Pawnee
Pleasant Plains
Riverton
Rochester
Sherman
Southern View
Spaulding
Thayer
Williamsville
Unincorporated communities
Andrew
Archer
Barclay
Barr
Bates
Berry
Bissell
Bradfordton
Breckenridge
Buckhart
Buffalo Hart
Cimic
Clayville
Farmingdale
Glenarm
Island Grove
Lowder
New City
Old Berlin
Riddle Hill
Salisbury
Toronto
Zenobia
Townships
Sangamon County is divided into these townships:
Auburn
Ball
Buffalo Hart
Capital
Cartwright
Chatham
Clear Lake
Cooper
Cotton Hill
Curran
Divernon
Fancy Creek
Gardner
Illiopolis
Island Grove
Lanesville
Loami
Maxwell
Mechanicsburg
New Berlin
Pawnee
Rochester
Salisbury (former, now defunct)
Springfield
Talkington
Williams
Woodside
Education
Here is a listing of school districts (all are full K-12) with any territory in this county, no matter how small, even if the administrative headquarters and/or schools are in other counties:
A-C Central Community Unit School District 262
Community Unit School District 16
Athens Community Unit School District 213
Auburn Community Unit School District 10
Ball-Chatham Community Unit School District 5
Edinburg Community Unit School District 4
Mount Pulaski Community Unit District 23
North Mac Community Unit School District 34
Pawnee Community Unit School District 11
Porta Community Unit School District 202
Pleasant Plains Community Unit School District 8
Riverton Community Unit School District 14
Rochester Community Unit School District 3A
Sangamon Valley Community Unit School District 9
Springfield School District 186
Tri-City Community Unit School District 1
Waverly Community Unit School District 6
Williamsville Community Unit School District 15
Forts
Camp Butler
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sangamon County, Illinois
References
External links
County of Sangamon
Illinois counties
Illinois placenames of Native American origin
1821 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1821
Springfield metropolitan area, Illinois
Nomin Bold () is a Mongolian painter born in 1982 in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia.  They are part of a new generation of artists which uses the Mongol Zurag painting style. Nomin Bold studied Mongol Zurag at the School of Fine Arts at the Mongolian University of Arts and Culture. According to her, Nomin's paintings are influenced by the Buddhist Thangka paintings.  They are married to a Mongolian artist Baatarzorig Batjargal.
dokumenta 14
Two of their paintings, One Day of Mongolia 2017 (acrylic, gold sheets on canvas, 150×200 cm) and Grey Palace 2017 (acrylic on canvas, 150×200 cm) had been shown at documenta 14 in Kassel, Germany, at the Natural History Museum Ottoneum.
Notable exhibitions
Solo exhibitions
2014 Naughty Game, at Art Space 976+, Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia
Group exhibitions
2018 2nd Yinchuan Biennale, at Yinchuan, China
2017 documenta 14, at Kassel, Germany
2015 Asia Pacific Triennial, at Queensland, Australia
Paintings at Google Arts & Culture
The Painting Tomorrow at Google Arts & Culture
The Painting Labyrinth game at Google Arts & Culture
References
External links
Interview with Nomin Bold
Other paintings from Nomin Bold
About Nomin Bold aichitriennale 2016
About Nomin Bold in yinchuanbiennale
Nomin Bold in art avenue
The Painting Tomorrow (2014) from Nomin Bold is discussed
1982 births
Mongolian painters
Modern painters
Living people
21st-century Mongolian painters
21st-century Mongolian women
"The Others" is the first single by Australian rock music group Dukes of Windsor, taken from their debut album The Others.
Track listing
Remix version
"The Others" is a Dukes of Windsor song remixed by Australian electronic music duo TV Rock, which was released on 13 March 2007. It was one of the most played tracks on Australian radio in Spring 2007. The single was a top ten hit, the song also reached number one on Australia's ARIA Dance and Club charts.
Dukes of Windsor performed The Others with TV Rock at the MTV Australia Video Music Awards on 29 April 2007, in which they closed the show.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
Release history
References
Dukes of Windsor songs
2006 singles
2007 singles
2006 songs
Sony BMG singles
Hedychium is a genus of flowering plants in the ginger family Zingiberaceae, native to lightly wooded habitats in Asia. There are approximately 70-80 known species, native to India, Southeast Asia, and Madagascar. Some species have become widely naturalized in other lands, and considered invasive in some places.
The genus name Hedychium is derived from two ancient Greek words, meaning "sweet" and meaning "snow". This refers to the fragrant white flower of the type species H. coronarium. Common names include garland flower, ginger lily, and kahili ginger.
Members of the genus Hedychium are rhizomatous perennials, commonly growing tall. Some species are cultivated for their exotic foliage and fragrant spikes of flowers in shades of white, yellow and orange. Numerous cultivars have been developed for garden use, of which 'Tara' has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit. Though reasonably hardy down to , it requires a sheltered position and a deep mulch in winter.
Selected species
Hedychium aureum C.B.Clarke & G.Mann ex Baker
Hedychium chingmeianum N.Odyuo & D.K.Roy
Hedychium chrysoleucum Hook. - gold spot ginger lily
Hedychium coccineum Buch.-Ham. ex Sm.
Hedychium coronarium J.Koenig
Hedychium deceptum N.E.Br. (synonym - H. rubrum)
Hedychium densiflorum
Hedychium elatum R.Br. ex Ker Gawl.
Hedychium ellipticum Buch.-Ham. ex Sm. - shaving brush ginger
Hedychium flavum Roxb.
Hedychium flavescens Carey ex Roscoe
Hedychium forrestii Diels (synonym - H. dekianum A.S.Rao & D.M.Verma
Hedychium gardnerianum Sheppard ex Ker Gawl.
Hedychium gomezianum Wall.
Hedychium gracile Roxb. - Salmon ginger lily
Hedychium greenii W.W.Sm.
Hedychium griersonianum R.M.Sm.
Hedychium griffithianum Wall.
Hedychium larsenii Dan & C.S.Kumar
Hedychium longipedunculatum A.R.K.Sastry & D.M.Verma
Hedychium marginatum C.B.Clarke
Hedychium nagamiense Sanoj, M.Sabu & V.P.Thomas
Hedychium raoii
Hedychium samuiense
Hedychium spicatum Sm.- called kapur kachari in Hindi
Hedychium stenopetalum Lodd.
Hedychium thyrsiforme
Hedychium urophyllum Lodd.
Hedychium villosum Wall.
Hedychium wardii C.E.C. Fisch. (synonym - H. efilamentosum Hand.-Mazz.)
Hedychium ziroense V.Gowda & Ashokan
Taxonomy and phylogeny
In 2000, Tom Wood et al. published the first phylogeny of the genus Hedychium represented by 29 taxa.
Reproductive biology
Hedychium has multiple modes of reproduction: sexual, via rhizomes and via bulbils. Some species of Hedychium are reported to exhibit facultative vivipary.
See also
List of plants known as lily
References
External links
http://www.usna.usda.gov/Gardens/faqs/Subtropicals.html
Zingiberaceae genera
Mikura (御蔵) was the lead ship of the Mikura-class escort ship of Imperial Japanese Navy.
Construction and career
They were laid down on 1 October 1942 and launched on 31 October 1943 by the Nippon Kokan Tsurumi Shipyard. They were commissioned on 31 October 1943.
1943
On 14 November 1943, the 3114 convoy (Takebe Maru and Daido Maru) was escorted and departed from Yokosuka to Chuuk Lagoon. On the 15th, the Second Maritime Escort Flotilla will be subordinate to the Maritime Escort General Headquarters. They arrived on the 27th.
On December 5, they escorted the 4205 convoy (Akihayama Maru and Soyo Maru) with Hirado and departed from the truck for Yokosuka. On the 7th, they stayed at the scene for rescue because the Soyo Maru was struck by torpedoes fires from USS Pogy, Mikura then escorted the Akihayama Maru and headed for Saipan. Arrived in Saipan on the 10th. 4205 Oto Fleet adds Satsuma Maru in Saipan and departs Saipan for the inland on the 12th. While sailing inland, they fought an anti-submarine war off the coast of Iwo Jima, but was damaged by contact with an escorted transport ship. Arrived in Yokosuka on the 20th.
1944
From January 4th to February 8th, 1944, they were docked at Nippon Kokan Asano Shipyard & Machinery Works. After leaving the dock, they made a round trip to Yokosuka.
On February 11, they escorted the fleet and departed from Yokosuka. Arrived in Saipan on the 19th. Departed from Saipan on the 27th, escorting a fleet to Chuuk. March 5, arrived at the Chuuk.
On March 6, they departed Chuuk for the inland. Called at the relay station Saipan on the 10th and arrived in Yokosuka on the 19th.
On April 1, escorted the Higashimatsu No. 4 fleet and departed from Kisarazu. On the evening of the 9th, the ship once entered Saipan, but re-sorted on the same night. On the 10th, the Higashimatsu No. 4 fleet was dismissed in Saipan and the ship returned to command of the 2nd Maritime Escort Flotilla, but the ship continued to escort the fleet for trucks. On the 12th, a depth charge attacks were carried out but the submarine escaped. Arrived at the truck on the 15th. On the 22nd, a Chuuk departed for the inland. On the 26th, they called at the relay station Saipan and arrived at Yokosuka on May 4.
Departed from Yokosuka on May 15th, escorting the fleet for Saipan / Palau. Called at the relay station Saipan on the 25th. After calling at the port, engaged in anti-submarine alert off the coast of Saipan. On the 30th, escorted the fleet for Palau and departed from Saipan. Arrival in Palau on June 6.
On June 12, they escorted the fleet and left Palau for Saipan, but the fleet changed its destination to Davao due to an air raid on an American carrier-based aircraft in Saipan. Arrived in Davao on the 18th. On the same day, transferred under the command of Operation 1st Maritime Escort Flotilla. On the 20th, escort the fleet and head for the gusset. Returned to Davao on the 22nd. On the 30th, Davao was dispatched as a single ship to join the Seda 01 fleet. Returned to Davao on July 3.
Departed from Davao on July 6, 1944, they escorted the Dama 01 fleet to Manila. Arrived in Manila on the 13th. On the 15th, they escorted the Mi 08 fleet and left Manila, but due to a typhoon, the fleet returned to Manila. On the 17th, with the spring breeze, Manila was dispatched to reinforce the Tama 21C fleet. On the 18th, they would head to the reinforcement of the Hi-69 fleet. On the same day, the 2nd Maritime Escort Corps was disbanded and the ship was transferred to the 1st Maritime Escort Corps. Returned to Manila on the 20th. On the 23rd, they escorted the Hi-68 fleet and headed inland from Manila. Called at Kaohsiung on the 28th. August 3, six consecutive arrivals.
Rounded to Sasebo on August 4. Maintenance will be carried out at the Sasebo Naval Arsenal from the 5th to the 7th. On the 8th, they had a temporary stay in Imari. On the 10th, they escorted the Hi-71 fleet and departed from Imari. On the 13th, the fleet called at Magong due to bad weather. On the 17th, they continued to escort the Hi-71 fleet and departed. On the 18th, the fleet suffered damage from a submarine attack and evacuated to San Fernando on the 19th. On the 20th, the ship set sail in San Fernando and engaged in anti-submarine sweeping in collaboration with the aircraft. Arrived in Manila on the 21st. On the 26th, they continued to escort the Hi-71 fleet and departed from Manila. Arrival in Singapore on September 1.
On September 6, they escorted the Hi-72 fleet and departed from Singapore. On the 12th, the fleet was attacked by a submarine and two transport ships, as well as the Shikinami and Hirado were sunk. The ship rescued the Shikinami crew after the depth charge attacks. On the 13th, the fleet once evacuated to Narabayashi, but the ship returned to the distress site for rescue. Returned to Narabayashi on the 14th. On the 16th, they escorted the first branch of the Hi-72 Fleet (Asaka Maru) and left for Sasebo. On the night of the 20th, the ship and the Asaka Maru was damaged by an attack by a US Army Air Corps aircraft while navigating the Taiwan Strait. Asaka Maru was escorted by the No. 10 Sea Defense Ship and headed for Magong, but the ship was unable to navigate due to one direct hit and several nearby bullets, and its whereabouts were unknown. On the 23rd, the ship was found in the middle of drifting from an airplane, and was escorted by the 18th Kaibokan to Iturup and made a round trip to Magong. From the 26th, the Magong Navy Engineering Department docked and carried out restoration and repair.
1945
On March 6, an anti-submarine sweep was carried out with the No. 34 Kaibokan. On the 9th, in collaboration with the 33rd Kaibokan, rescue the 69th Kaibokan, which was damaged while escorting the Yumo 01 fleet and became inoperable. The No. 33 Kaibokan towed the No. 69 Kaibokan, and this ship was the escort for them. Operation AS1 ends on the 12th. On the 13th, the 102nd Squadron was transferred to the AS2 Operation Unit. On the 16th, the No. 69 Kaibokan sank due to wind waves, so the ships rescued the crew and made a round trip to Hong Kong. Operation AS2 ends on the 17th. On the 18th, the ship escorted the fleet (2 ships) and headed inland from Hong Kong. On the 19th, while sailing inland, the 102nd Squadron was transferred to the AS3 Operation Unit. Arrived at Moji on the 26th. On the 27th, the 2nd Fleet, the 1st Squadron, was training in Saeki to guard the 2nd Fleet, Oga, Meto, the 59th Kaibokan, the 65th Kaibokan, and 3 special minesweepers. Was organized as a third anti-submarine minesweeper. In addition, the ship and the 33rd Kaibokan, which had been returned to Monji from Hong Kong as support, and a special submarine chaser of the Saiki Defense Force were added, and an aircraft of the Saiki Air Corps equipped with a magnetic detector. Was also mobilized. The deployment point and patrol method were decided within the 27th. On the 27th, the main ship and the 33rd Kaibokan set sail for Moji, and on March 28, the following day, four ships under Oga set sail for Saeki. The Third Anti-Submarine Squadron fixed the course to the south from the area beyond the Mizunokojima Lighthouse and started the search. Each ship of the 3rd Anti-Submarine Squadron took a single horizontal formation 4 nautical miles away from 3 nautical miles, with the 65th Kaibokan located on the westernmost side. At around 10:27 am, the aircraft detected the submarine, but soon lost sight of it. Nevertheless, from around midnight, the ship and the No. 33 Kaibokan merged, located 1,000 meters west of the No. 65 Kaibokan in a single line of battle, and rushed to the detection site with the No. 59 Kaibokan. As a result of a depth charge attack from around 13:00, two large eruptions rose. This point is recorded as 180 degrees 39.5 nautical miles in Tsurumisaki or 32 degrees 16 minutes north latitude 132 degrees 05 minutes east longitude. When re-observed on the morning of March 29, the following day, a thick oil zone was flowing out from the attack point. The attack sank USS Trigger and the ship was allegedly involved in it.
Around the evening of the same day, the news was unknown in the south of Kyushu and they were found sunk. The 33rd Kaibokan, which they were with, was also sunk by an air raid. According to US records such as The Official Chronology of the US Navy in World War II, the ship was sunk by a torpedo attack by the USS Threadfin on the same day. At 16:45, the No. 33 Kaibokan discovered and reported an enemy aircraft, but Threadfin sank Mikura at this point according to American records. It is almost the same as the sinking point of the No. 33 Kaibokan described in The Official Chronology of the US Navy in World War II. In addition, Threadfin was sunk alone in Roscoe, and the 33rd Kaibokan was sunk by a USS Hornet aircraft. Kimata's "Enemy Submarine Attack" and "History of the Battle of the Sea of Japan", War Diary of the 1st Escort Fleet (March 1-31 1945), War Diary of the 102nd Squadron (March 1-31 1945) ) did not mention that it was sunk by Threadfin, but in the section of the escort ship of Kaibokan Senki, as a witness of the 65th Kaibokan voyage chief, "I was attacked by an enemy task force's plane and submarine, 1200 Around that time, Mikura was sunk by the torpedo attack of an enemy submarine, and there were no survivors." It is unclear in conclusion whether it was the Threadfin, the 58th Task Force, or the joint sink that really sank Mikura, but as mentioned above, at least Roscoe has recognized it as a joint battle result.
216 crew members under Major Ryusuke Oda, Captain of the Mikura Sea Defense, and 171 crew members under Major Masaharu Morimoto, Captain of the 33rd Sea Defense, were all killed in action, and there were no survivors.
On May 25, Mikura was removed from the Imperial Kaibokan.
References
Ships built in Japan
1943 ships
Ships sunk by American submarines
World War II shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
Erigeron lackschewitzii is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Lackschewitz's fleabane. It is native to the Rocky Mountains in the Canadian province of Alberta and the US state of Montana.
Erigeron lackschewitzii is a small perennial herb rarely more than 8 centimeters (0.8 inches) tall, producing a woody taproot. The leaves are mostly crowded around the base of the stem. The plant generally produces only one flower head per stem, each head with up to 68 purple or lavender ray florets each measuring 8-11 millimeters (0.3-0.4 inches) long. These surround numerous yellow disc florets in the center.
The species is named for plant collector Klaus Heinrich Lackschewitz.
References
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
lackschewitzii
Plants described in 1983
Billeh Nickerson (born February 14, 1972) is a Canadian writer, editor, performer, producer and arts advocate.
Personal life
Nickerson was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia, grew up in Langley, British Columbia, lived in Toronto, Ontario, and currently resides in Vancouver, British Columbia. They earned an undergraduate degree in fine arts from the University of Victoria and a master's degree in fine arts from the University of British Columbia.
Writing and editing
In 2000, Nickerson published The Asthmatic Glassblower and other poems with Arsenal Pulp. It was nominated for the Publishing Triangle's Thom Gunn Award.  They are also the author of the humorous essay collection Let Me Kiss It Better: Elixirs for the Not So Straight and Narrow (Arsenal Pulp, 2002) and co-editor of Seminal: The Anthology of Canada's Gay Male Poets with John Barton (Arsenal Pulp, 2007). They were writer in residence at Berton House in Dawson City during July and August 2010.
In 2009, they published McPoems. They followed up in 2012 with Impact: The Titanic Poems, a collection of poetry inspired by the 100th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic.
Their most recent collection, Artificial Cherry, was published in 2014. The book was a shortlisted finalist for the 2014 City of Vancouver Book Award.
Nickerson is a founding member of the performance troupe Haiku Night in Canada.  They are also the past editor of the literary journals Event and Prism international.
They teach creative writing at Kwantlen Polytechnic University.
Publications
The Asthmatic Glassblower and other poems (Arsenal Pulp, 2000)
Let Me Kiss It Better: Elixirs for the Not So Straight and Narrow (Arsenal Pulp, 2002)
Seminal: The Anthology of Canada's Gay Men's Poetry, co-edited by John Barton (Arsenal Pulp, 2007)
McPoems (Arsenal Pulp, 2009)
Impact: The Titanic Poems (2012)
Artificial Cherry (2014)
References
External links
"You Deserve A Haiku Today" See Magazine
Billeh Nickerson – Arsenal Pulp Press
Billeh Nickerson – Writers' Union of Canada
Billeh Nickerson fonds at The ArQuives: Canada's LGBTQ2+ Archives
1972 births
Living people
Canadian gay writers
Writers from Vancouver
21st-century Canadian poets
Canadian LGBT poets
Writers from Halifax, Nova Scotia
Canadian anthologists
Canadian male essayists
Canadian male poets
21st-century Canadian essayists
21st-century Canadian male writers
21st-century LGBT people
Ishaya Bako (born 30 December 1986) is a Nigerian film director and screenwriter.
Early life
They were born in Kaduna, where they lived all their life and later moved to London, where they studied at the London Film School.
Career
After attending the London Film School, Bako went on to script and direct the Africa Movie Academy Awards (AMAA)-winning Braids on a Bald Head. They won the Best Short Film Awards at the 8th Africa Movie Academy Awards.  They are an emerging voice of their generation and a member of a select few Global Shapers, a collection of enterprising youths initiated by the World Economic Forum.
Their film, Fuelling Poverty, a documentary on poverty and fuel subsidy in Nigeria, is narrated by Nobel Laureate, Wole Soyinka. They live in Abuja, FCT, Nigeria. Their film The Royal Hibiscus Hotel was screened at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival.
They also are one of the writers for the movie Lionheart (2018 film).
See also
List of Nigerian actors
List of Nigerian film producers
List of Nigerian film directors
References
Nigerian film directors
Nigerian screenwriters
Living people
1986 births
People from Kaduna State
Alumni of the London Film School
Covenant University alumni
Nigerian film award winners
Nigerian documentary filmmakers
Triple accreditation in management education, also known as triple crown accreditation, describes a business school accredited by three major accreditation bodies: AACSB based in the United States, AMBA based in the United Kingdom, and EQUIS based in the European Union. About 1% of business schools are triple-accredited.
Accreditation comparison
Each of the three institutions assesses a business school according to different criteria and scope.
Schools by country or region
In May 2020, there were 100 triple-accredited business schools in 36 countries or regions:. This number has grown to over 110 by November 2021.
Argentina
IAE Universidad Austral, Buenos Aires
Australia
QUT Business School, Queensland University of Technology
Monash University
University of Sydney Business School
Austria
Vienna University of Economics and Business, Vienna
Belgium
Vlerick Business School, Ghent
Brazil
EAESP - Fundação Getúlio Vargas, São Paulo
Insper, São Paulo
Canada
HEC Montreal, Montreal
Telfer School of Management, University of Ottawa, Ottawa
Chile
Adolfo Ibáñez University, Santiago
China
Antai College of Economics and Management, Shanghai Jiao Tong University
Beijing Institute of Technology
Lingnan College, Sun Yat-sen University
Sun Yat-sen Business School, Sun Yat-sen University
School of Economics and Management, Tongji University
University of International Business and Economics
Zhejiang University
Xiamen University
International Business School Suzhou, Xi'an Jiaotong Liverpool University
Colombia
Universidad de los Andes, Facultad de Administración, Bogota
Costa Rica
INCAE Business School, Alajuela
Denmark
Copenhagen Business School, Copenhagen
Aarhus University BSS, Aarhus
Egypt
American University in Cairo, Cairo.
Finland
Aalto University School of Business, Helsinki
Hanken School of Economics, Helsinki and Vaasa
France
Audencia Nantes
EDHEC (École des hautes études commerciales du nord)
Emlyon Business School
ESC Rennes School of Business
ESSCA School of Management
ESSEC Business School
Grenoble School of Management
HEC Paris (Ecole des Hautes Etudes Commerciales)
ICN Business School
IÉSEG School of Management
INSEAD (Institut Européen d'Administration des Affaires)
KEDGE Business School
La Rochelle Business School
Montpellier Business School
NEOMA Business School
Toulouse Business School
Germany
European School of Management and Technology
Frankfurt School of Finance & Management
Mannheim Business School
TUM School of Management
Hong Kong
School of Business, Hong Kong Baptist University
India
Indian Institute of Management Calcutta
Indian Institute of Management Indore
Indian School of Business
Ireland
Trinity College Dublin, Trinity Business School
University College Dublin, Michael Smurfit Graduate School of Business/UCD Quinn School of Business
University of Limerick, Kemmy Business School
Italy
SDA Bocconi School of Management, Milan
MIP Politecnico di Milano, Milan
Japan
NUCB Business School
Macau
Faculty of Business Administration, University of Macau
Mexico
EGADE Business School, Tecnológico de Monterrey, Monterrey, Guadalajara and Mexico City.
Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México, Mexico City.
IPADE Business School, Universidad Panamericana, Monterrey, Guadalajara and Mexico City.
Netherlands
Maastricht University School of Business and Economics
Rotterdam School of Management, Erasmus University Rotterdam
Amsterdam Business School
New Zealand
University of Auckland Business School
University of Waikato Faculty of Management, Hamilton
Victoria University of Wellington, Victoria Business School, Wellington
University of Canterbury Business School
Nicaragua
INCAE Business School
Norway
BI Norwegian Business School
Norwegian School of Economics
Peru
Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú - CENTRUM
Poland
University of Warsaw, Faculty of Management, Warsaw
Kozminski University, Warsaw
Portugal
Católica Lisbon School of Business & Economics
Nova School of Business and Economics
Católica Porto Business School
Russia
Graduate School of Management, St Petersburg University, St Petersburg
Singapore
Lee Kong Chian School of Business (Singapore Management University)
INSEAD
Slovenia
SEB LU - School of Economics and Business
South Africa
University of Cape Town Graduate School of Business, Cape Town
University of Stellenbosch Business School, Cape Town
University of Pretoria, Gordon Institute of Business Science, Johannesburg
Spain
ESADE Business School and ESADE University Faculties, Barcelona
IE Business School, Madrid
IESE Barcelona
Sweden
School of Business, Economics and Law, Gothenburg
Lund School of Economics and Management, Lund
Switzerland
IMD Lausanne
University of St. Gallen
Thailand
Thammasat Business School, Thammasat University
Turkey
Koç University
United Kingdom
Adam Smith Business School, University of Glasgow
Alliance Manchester Business School, University of Manchester
Aston Business School, Aston University
Bayes Business School, City University London
Birmingham Business School, University of Birmingham
Bradford University School of Management, University of Bradford
Cranfield School of Management, Cranfield University
Durham University Business School, Durham University
Henley Business School, University of Reading
Imperial College Business School
Kent Business School, University of Kent
Lancaster University Management School, Lancaster University
Leeds University Business School, University of Leeds
London Business School
Loughborough University School of Business and Economics
Manchester Metropolitan University Business School
Newcastle University Business School
Nottingham University Business School
Open University Business School
Sheffield University Management School, University of Sheffield
Strathclyde Business School, University of Strathclyde
University of Edinburgh Business School, University of Edinburgh
University of Exeter Business School, University of Exeter
University of Liverpool Management School
Warwick Business School, University of Warwick
United States
Hult International Business School, Campuses in Boston, San Francisco, London, Shanghai, and Dubai
Olin Business School, Washington University in St. Louis
Miami Herbert Business School, University of Miami in Florida
Venezuela
Instituto de Estudios Superiores de Administración
Institutions that have lost Triple Accreditation
Six business schools have previously held Triple Accreditation status but are no longer triple-accredited:
City University of Hong Kong (Hong Kong)
ESCP Business School (France)
Hong Kong Polytechnic University (Hong Kong)
Queen's University at Kingston (Canada)
Skema Business School (France)
University of Hull (United Kingdom)
See also
List of AACSB-accredited institutions
List of AMBA-accredited institutions
List of EQUIS accredited institutions
References
Business schools
Louise Mohn (born 14 January 1974) is a Norwegian business person and the founder of Medical.
After a promising career as a basketball player cut short due to debilitating injuries in their teenage years, they were left with severe pain and unable to walk. The combined thermo and electric muscle stimulation proved to be the answer to their injuries, leaving their pain free and lead to the start of their career. They opened The Clinic in London in 2004 and established l Medical in 2016.
Biography
Mohn was born to a philanthropist and business person, Trond Mohn, and their wife Mette, in Bergen, Norway, and early on they were interested in sports. By the age of 15, they were playing basketball at a national level and played for five different basketball teams. Them training schedule caught up with them and they started experiencing injuries and muscle pain. They were forced to give up basketball as their health deteriorated further, leaving them in chronic pain. Mohn refused risky surgery and pain medication. Within the next ten years they went through different medical evaluations and simultaneously tried various treatments, including physiotherapy, ultrasound and laser but they were still left in chronic pain.
By chance they came across cTEMS in a clinic in Oslo, Norway, and it proved to be the solution to their condition. After six months of treatments they were pain free and able to sleep through the night.
In November 2004, they opened The Luzmon Clinic in Kensington, London, acting as a distributor for cTEMS as passive exercise.
In 2008, not content with existing equipment, the company invested heavily in research and development of new electrodes. After two years of investments in the UK, the pad prototype developed was unsuccessful, and Mohn decided to end their distribution agreement for the equipment. Consequently, they closed the clinic and went on to pursue further research and development in Norway.
In 2008, Mohn was examined by doctors at Haukeland University Hospital, Bergen, after experiencing episodes with potential cardiac symptoms. The medical team was positively surprised by their physical performance during the tests and the fact that their physique was primarily the result of cTEMS. Mohn turned over documentation from 10 000 treatment sessions in London to a medical team at Haukeland University Hospital who began designing a program of clinical trials.
References
1974 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Bergen
Norwegian company founders
People from Bergen in health professions
Jim Ballantine is an American film producer who is credited on multiple animated features and TV series, and whose first animation job was on Disney's The Little Mermaid. Masha and The Bear, The Ren & stimpy show
Ballantine's credits at Nickelodeon and DisneyToon Studios include The Ren and Stimpy Show (1991–95), Disney Toon Studios' Bambi II (2006), Brother Bear 2 (also 2006), and the Rayman series. Ballantine contributed two years to The Wild Bunch, an animated feature made at Animation Lab studio in Jerusalem, Israel.
They were nominated for an Emmy award in both 1992 and 1993 for their work on The Ren and Stimpy Show. They were in charge of production at Acme Filmworks in 2005–06.  They are now head of Flying Bark Productions in Sydney.
Filmography
Producer
Mobsters (1991)
The Ren & Stimpy Show (1991-1996)
Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas (1999)
Bambi II (2006)
Brother Bear 2 (2006)
Blinky Bill the Movie (2015)
Heidi (2015-2016)
Executive producer
Rayman: The Animated Series (1999)
The Woodlies (2012)
The Woodlies Movie (2012)
Vic the Viking (2013-2014)
Maya the Bee Movie (2014)
Tashi (2014-2015)
Miscellaneous crew
The Little Mermaid (1989)
References
Jim Ballantine at Variety.com
Jim Ballantine in the Hollywood Reporter
Jim Ballantine at AWN.com
External links
American film producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1965 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned motor racing title open to Group C Improved Production Touring Cars. It was contested over a single 40-lap race staged at Sandown Raceway in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia on 11 April 1965. It was the sixth Australian Touring Car Championship title to be awarded and the first to be contested by cars complying with Group C regulations.
The championship was won by Norm Beechey, driving a Ford Mustang. It was the first ATCC victory for a V8-engined car and the first of five ATCC titles won by drivers of Ford Mustangs. It was Beechey's first of two Australian Touring Car Championship wins.
Race summary
The change in regulations from Appendix J to Group C had disadvantaged most heavily those driving Holdens, like Norm Beechey and Brian Muir, and Bob Jane's Jaguar, as the practice of overboring engines was effectively outlawed, making 4.1 litre Jaguars and 3.4-litre Holdens ineligible.
Jane qualified their new Ford Mustang on pole position, recording a time of 1:20.9. Beechey, also in a Mustang, had lapped in 1:20.8 in Friday practice, however transmission problems prevented them from setting a time in official qualifying and they started from the back of the grid. John Raeburn, driving a Ford Galaxie, and Jim McKeown, driving a Ford Cortina Lotus, completed the front tow. The reigning champion Ian Geoghegan lined up in eighth place on the grid.
Jane made the best of the start while Muir passed Raeburn for second place going into the second corner, but Raeburn was able to retake the position going up the back straight. Jane led by six seconds at the end of lap 1, while Beechey had made their way up to fifth place. They took second place halfway through lap 2 and began closing the gap to Jane, setting a new lap record of 1:20.8 in the process. They caught Jane on lap 7 and passed them at the first corner on lap 8. Brian Foley pitted on lap 11 with a broken brake line while Stan Starcevich retired on lap 14 with a broken differential. Jane retired on lap 23 when their engine overheated, which left Beechey leading by more than a lap over McKeown and Geoghegan. The two Cortina drivers swapped positions twice before the crankshaft on McKeown's car broke with six laps remaining, elevating Muir into third place. Muir then lost the position to Allan Moffat as they thought that Moffat was a lap down, but was able to retake the place before the end of the race.
Beechey took a comfortable victory, winning by a margin of one lap over Geoghegan and Muir. Moffat finished fourth ahead of Raeburn and Manton.
Results
Starting grid
The starting grid was decided by times set in official practice. Class leaders are indicated by bold text.
Race
Class winners are indicated by bold text.
Statistics
Fastest race lap: Norm Beechey, 1:20.8
Race distance: 40 laps, 124.12 km
Average speed: 131.43 km/h
Notes
References
Australian Touring Car Championship seasons
Touring Car Championship
Motorsport at Sandown
Diocese of Killala may refer to:
Roman Catholic Diocese of Killala, a diocese in the west of Ireland
Diocese of Tuam, Killala and Achonry, a Church of Ireland diocese in the west of Ireland
See also
Bishop of Killala
Bishop of Killala and Achonry
Bishop of Tuam, Killala and Achonry
George Bellamy Mackaness (20 August 1922 – 4 March 2007) was an Australian professor of microbiology, immunologist, writer and administrator, who researched and described the life history of the macrophage. They showed that by infecting mice with intracellular bacteria, macrophages could be activated to attack other bacteria, triggering further research on "macrophage activation", a term they have come to be associated with.
Mackaness completed their early medical training at Sydney Hospital. After the Second World War they moved to London to study pathology before taking up a graduate post at Howard Florey's laboratory in Oxford. There they studied the role of monocytes and macrophages in killing Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Simultaneously they worked on anti-tuberculous medicines, including streptomycin and isoniazid, before receiving their DPhil in 1953. Shortly after returning to Australia, Mackeness was appointed acting head of the Department of Experimental Pathology at the John Curtin School of Medical Research (JCSMR), where their observations led them to describe "acquired cellular resistance" and that specifically committed T-cells reacting with antigen, activated the macrophages. They had by this time completed a sabbatical to the Rockefeller Institute, and had written extensively on renin and high blood pressure.
In 1962 they were appointed professor in microbiology at the University of Adelaide. Later, they transferred to the Trudeau Institute in the US before moving to the Squibb Institute for Medical Research, where they played an important part in getting the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, licensed.
Early life and education
George Bellamy Mackaness was born on 20 August 1922 in Sydney, Australia, the third child of James Vincent Mackaness, a Sussex Street grocer, and their wife Eleanor Frances Bellamy Mackaness. They used their name in full to distinguish themselves from their uncle, George Mackaness, an author and historian. They attended Fort Street High School, before gaining admission to study medicine at the University of Sydney, from where they graduated with a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery.
Early career
Mackaness completed a one year residency in medicine at Sydney Hospital followed by a year in pathology at the hospital's Kanematsu Institute, before becoming a demonstrator in pathology. After WWII they moved to London and completed a Diploma in Clinical Pathology (DCP) at the University of London. In 1948 they matriculated from Lincoln College, Oxford.
Sir William Dunn School of Pathology
Howard Florey offered Mackaness a job in their laboratory at the Sir William Dunn School of Pathology in Oxford. There, Mackeness worked for their DPhil alongside James Learmonth Gowans and later Henry Harris. Mackaness's main study for their thesis was on the role of monocytes and macrophages in killing Mycobacterium tuberculosis. They showed that by infecting mice with intracellular bacteria, macrophages could be activated to attack other bacteria. It resulted in an increase in research on "macrophage activation", a term they have become associated with. Discovering antibiotics was their side interest and their work in this field later earned them a fellowship to the Royal Society. At Florey's suggestion, Mackaness simultaneously took to studying anti-tuberculous medicines, including streptomycin and isoniazid. Their investigations into how isoniazid acted in tuberculosis, published in 1952, were some of the first on this topic. They used the techniques they had developed during their study of the life history of monocytes and macrophages to show that for a drug to be effective against tuberculosis, it had to be effective inside the macrophage, and showed that isoniazid entered the macrophage to be active against M. tuberculosis. They delayed completing their thesis while working on isoniazid and received their DPhil in 1953. A year later, they moved back to Australia.
John Curtin School of Medical Research
On returning to Australia, Mackeness moved to Canberra having been appointed to at first staff and then acting head of the Department of Experimental Pathology at the John Curtin School of Medical Research (JCSMR), an institution they saw being planned by Florey while in Oxford.
In 1959 they took a sabbatical to the Rockefeller Institute, by which time they were professorial fellow, having written extensively on renin and hypertension. There they worked with René Dubos, who had worked with Selman Waksman and had a quest to find cures for tuberculosis. Mackeness was set to buddy up with Jim Hirsch and focus on anti-infection immunity. In 1960 they published a paper on the phagocytosis of staphylococci.
While at the JCSMR, they found that mice were good at producing an antibody-independent immune response to the bacteria Listeria monocytogenes. Once infected with L. monocytogenes, the mice developed temporary protection to L. monocytogenes, but also to other bacteria, an observation they termed "acquired cellular resistance", and they attributed this to macrophages. Compared to macrophages from uninfected mice, these macrophages could then be removed and were found to kill several other bacteria. The protection faded with time, but regained when the mice were re-challenged with the original bacteria. The macrophages were activated immediately. When challenged with other un-related bacteria, the macrophages did not respond. They concluded that the macrophage response was dependent on the particular original infection and the findings were published in The Journal of Experimental Medicine in 1962 and 1964. Their experiments have since been described as "classic". With their colleagues, they confirmed that specifically committed T-lymphocytes reacting with antigen, activated the macrophages.
University of Adelaide
Their 1962 paper titled "Cellular Resistance to Infection", published in the Journal of Experimental Medicine, played a significant part in earning them a professorship in microbiology at the University of Adelaide.
Later career
In 1965 they became director of the Trudeau Institute, where over the subsequent ten years they appointed and led staff on work relating to cell-mediated immunity to infection and, later, cancer.
They became president of the Squibb Institute for Medical Research in New Jersey in 1976. While at Squibb, the FDA had denied a license to the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, due the side effects being too unacceptable, particularly the risk of producing a severe low blood count. Mackaness persuaded the company to reduce the dose by half, resulting in FDA approval and significant profits for the Squibb. Their last publication before retirement was a review article on ACE inhibitors.
Following retirement in 1985, they moved to Seabrook Island, South Carolina, to be near their son and three granddaughters. They later developed Alzheimer's disease.
Personal and family
In 1945, after graduating, Mackaness married Gwynneth Patterson, an army nurse, who they met during the early years of the Second World War, whilst a medical student. They had one son, Miles.
Awards and honours
They were awarded the Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize in 1975. In 1976 they were elected fellow of the Royal Society. In 1998 they received the Novartis Prizes for Immunology and they were also elected a Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science and a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences.
Death
Their death on 4 March 2007 in Charleston, South Carolina was followed a few days later by their wife's. Both had spent a year together at the same extended care facility.
Selected publications
(Co-author)
References
Further reading
1922 births
2007 deaths
Australian immunologists
Australian microbiologists
Australian pathologists
University of Adelaide faculty
Australian National University faculty
The 2017–18 FAW Welsh Cup was the 131th season of the annual knockout tournament for competitive football teams in Wales.
The winners Connah's Quay Nomads qualified for the 2018–19 UEFA Europa League preliminary round.
First qualifying round
The draw for the first qualifying round was held on 12 July 2017. The draw was regionalized into six sections: South East, South Central, South West, Central, North West and North East. All matches were played on 19 August 2017.
South East region
|}
South Central region
The Aber Valley/Cardiff Corinthians and Merthyr Saints/Tiger Bay ties had been reversed.
|}
South West region
|}
Central region
|}
North East region
|}
North West region
|}
Second qualifying round
The draw for the second qualifying round was held on 21 August 2017. The draw was regionalized into five sections: South East, South West, Central, North West and North East. Matches were played on 9 September 2017 with the exception of Mynydd Llandygai/Mochdre Sports which was played on 23 September 2017 . Treharris Athletic Western were disqualified for fielding an ineligible player and Llanrumney United replaced them.
South East region
|}
South West region
|}
Central region
|}
North East region
The Mold Alexandra/Acton, Penycae/Llay Welfare and Llanuwchllyn/Chirk ties were reversed from the original draw.
|}
North West region
Glantraeth FC were due to play Prestatyn Sports but withdrew.
|}
First round
The draw for the first round was held on 11 September 2017.
Results:
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|6 October
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|7 October
|}
Second round
The draw for the second round was held on 8 October 2017.
Results:
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|4 November
|}
Third round
The draw for the third round was held on 6 November 2017.
Results:
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|1 December
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|2 December
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|3 December
|}
Fourth round
The draw for the fourth round was held on 4 December 2017.
Results:
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|26 January
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|27 January
|}
Quarter-finals
The draw for the quarter-finals was held on 29 January 2018.
Results:
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|4 March
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|6 March
|}
Semi-finals
The draw for the semi-finals was held on 5 March 2018. The matches were played at neutral venues.
Results:
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|7/8 April
|}
Final
The final was played on 6 May 2018.
|-
!colspan="3" align="center"|6 May
|}
References
Welsh Cup seasons
Wales
Cup
David Oluwale (1930–1969) was a British Nigerian who drowned in the River Aire in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire, in 1969. The events leading to their drowning have been described as "the physical and psychological destruction of a homeless, black man whose brutal, systematic harassment was orchestrated by the Leeds city police force." Oluwale's death resulted in the first successful prosecution of British police officers for involvement in the death of a black person. The precise sequence of events that led to Oluwale entering the river—whether they were deliberately thrown, chased or fell accidentally—have never been officially established, although two independent witnesses testified that they saw uniformed police officers chasing them alongside the river on the night they are believed to have drowned.
Oluwale's body was recovered from the section of the river between Knostrop Weir and Skelton Grange Power Station on 4 May 1969. The death was not treated as suspicious by the police or the coroner. In October 1970, a whistleblower within Leeds City Police revealed that Oluwale had been the victim of serious and sustained mistreatment by senior officers at Milgarth Police Station, Leeds, and an investigation, led by London's Scotland Yard, was opened. It was discovered that Oluwale had been subjected to "systemic, varied and brutal" violence by at least two officers, which "would often occur in the presence of other [officers], who made no effort to intervene."
In November 1971, former-Inspector Geoffrey Ellerker—by this time already serving a prison sentence for their involvement in covering up the circumstances of the death of a 69-year-old woman—and Sergeant Kenneth Kitching went on trial for the manslaughter of Oluwale. The trial received national media coverage, but justice and civil rights campaigners considered it to be a whitewash, presenting a deliberately negative portrait of Oluwale as "a wild animal" and "a menace to society", while failing to call any of the witnesses whose testimonies challenged this narrative. During the trial, the judge, Mr. Justice Hinchcliffe—who at one point described Oluwale as "a dirty, filthy, violent vagrant"—directed the jury to find the defendants not guilty of manslaughter, perjury and assaults occasioning grievous bodily harm. The jury returned unanimous verdicts of guilty relating to four assaults which took place between August 1968 and February 1969. Ellerker was sentenced to three years' imprisonment, and Kitching to 27 months.
Background
Oluwale was born in Lagos, Nigeria, in 1930. In August 1949, they hid on board SS Temple Bar, a cargo ship destined for Hull, England. When the ship docked in Hull on 3 September 1949, they were handed over to the authorities. Under the British Nationality Act 1948 Oluwale was considered a British subject and not an illegal immigrant, but they were charged as a stowaway under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894. They were sentenced to 28 days' imprisonment, served in Armley Gaol, Leeds, and Northallerton Prison, Northallerton.
Following their release from prison on 3 October 1949, Oluwale—who had served an apprenticeship as a tailor in Nigeria—headed to Leeds where there was a large textile and clothing industry.
In 1953, Oluwale was charged with disorderly conduct and assault following a police raid on a nightclub. They subsequently served a 28-day sentence. In prison it was reported they suffered from hallucinations, possibly because of damage sustained from a truncheon blow during the arrest. They were transferred to Menston Asylum in Leeds (later called High Royds Hospital, now closed) where they spent the next eight years. They were treated with a variety of techniques, allegedly including electroconvulsive therapy and various drugs (hospital records have since been lost).
Upon release Oluwale was unable to hold down a job and a permanent residence, and quickly became homeless. Friends reported that they were a shadow of their former self, and had lost all confidence. As a black immigrant in the 1960s Britain, their choices of lodging and employment were also limited in their lifetime (the Race Relations Act outlawing discrimination in both only received Royal Assent in October 1968).
During this time they regularly moved between London, Sheffield and Leeds. They found themselves in trouble with the Leeds police again several times and accused the police of harassing him. In late 1965, they were returned to High Royds Hospital, where they spent another two years. Following release they were once again homeless and lived on the street.
Leeds City Police
Contemporary police records show that 1968 saw their first recorded contact with Sergeant Kenneth Kitching and Inspector Geoffrey Ellerker in Leeds. The actions of the two officers would allegedly lead to Oluwale's death, although several other police officers were also involved with harassing Oluwale during this time.
In the subsequent enquiry and manslaughter/assault trial against Kitching and Ellerker, it was stated they regularly beat up Oluwale, often kicking them in the groin and, on one occasion, urinating on him. Often they made them bow before them on their hands and knees, during which they would kick away their arms so their head hit the pavement. They referred to this as "penance". They also verbally abused him, referring to them as a "lame darkie". On several occasions they drove them out of Leeds in police vehicles, abandoning them on the outskirts in the early morning. Their intention was to force Oluwale to leave Leeds and not return. However, they viewed Leeds as their home and made their way back each time.
In the early hours of 17 April 1969, Kitching found Oluwale sleeping in a shop doorway, and summoned Ellerker. They both beat Oluwale with their truncheons and the last reported sighting of Oluwale was of them running away from the officers towards the River Aire. It was there that their body was found two weeks later. They were buried in a pauper's grave and no suspicious circumstances were attached to their death at the time.
Scotland Yard enquiry
In 1970, a young police recruit reported to a senior officer that they had heard gossip from colleagues about the severe way Kitching and Ellerker had treated Oluwale. This report might have been prompted by fraud charges that were on-going against Ellerker. An enquiry was launched, carried out by Scotland Yard, and sufficient evidence was gathered to prompt manslaughter, perjury and grievous bodily harm (GBH) charges being brought against Kitching and Ellerker in 1971.
Manslaughter trial
During the enquiry and trial, a catalogue of physical abuse came to light, mostly carried out by Kitching and Ellerker. It was revealed they had taken special interest in Oluwale and asked colleagues to let them personally handle incidents relating to him. They specifically targeted them in the early hours of the morning, when there was nobody about and they could usually be found sleeping in shop doorways. Additionally, it was found that racist terms were used on paperwork relating to Oluwale, such as scribbling "wog" in the space reserved for nationality. However, despite this, the trial made no mention of racism and was centred on police brutality. Several trial witnesses described Oluwale as a dangerous man, and the trial judge referred to them as a "dirty, filthy, violent vagrant". However, this is contrary to the statements of witnesses collected during the earlier enquiry, who described Oluwale as unassuming and even cheerful. One of these witnesses was Yorkshire Evening Post reporter Tony Harney. However, their statements were not featured in the trial.
On the directions of the judge, manslaughter charges were dropped during the trial. Ellerker was found guilty of three assaults against Oluwale and Kitching of two assaults. They were found not guilty of causing GBH. Ellerker was sentenced to three years in prison, and Kitching received 27 months.
Cultural legacy
Literature
Although Oluwale's story caused a national scandal at the time (thanks in part to the radio play Smiling David written by Jeremy Sandford), it had been all but forgotten until police paperwork detailing the case was declassified under the thirty-year rule. This was used by Kester Aspden to write the book Nationality: Wog, The Hounding of David Oluwale, published in 2007, which returned the story to the public eye.
The Remembering Oluwale anthology was published in 2016 and its many varied entries cover "the issues that David endured: mental health distress, incarceration, police brutality, destitution and homelessness—all linked to their status as a migrant from Nigeria, a British citizen who happened to be black. The 26 long-listed entries are in the book, along with already published work by Caryl Phillips, Kester Aspden, Ian Duhig, Linton Kwesi Johnson, Zodwa Nyoni, Sai Murray and The Baggage Handlers".
Theatre
Aspden's book has been adapted by Oladipo Agboluaje into a stage play, first performed at the West Yorkshire Playhouse in February 2009, which critics described as "a richly emotional play which proves its point without coming across like it has a point to prove".
In 2018, a production named Freeman by the Strictly Arts Theatre was put on at the Pleasance Theatre in London. It was a play about systematic racism within legal institutions, and how many people have suffered from police brutality. David Oluwale was one of the characters.
Exhibitions
Oluwale's story is also the subject of a film installation by Corinne Silva, entitled Wandering Abroad, which premiered at Leeds Art Gallery in 2009.
In 2019, the David Oluwale Memorial Association led a series of events to mark the 50th anniversary of their death. Events included an exhibition at The Tetley, readings by Linton Kwesi Johnson and Jackie Kay and a vigil at their graveside in Killingbeck Cemetery.
Memorials
David Oluwale Bridge
In March 2022 a new bridge over the River Aire, crossing from Sovereign Street to Water Lane, and known as the David Oluwale Bridge, was installed.
Blue plaque
On 25 April 2022 a blue plaque commemorating Oluwale was unveiled on Leeds Bridge by Leeds Civic Trust and the David Oluwale Memorial Association. The same evening the plaque was stolen from the bridge; West Yorkshire Police began an investigation, which treated the theft as a hate crime. The plaque was then replaced but was then vandalised the same night of replacement, another temporary plaque was then installed.
A "spate of racist graffiti" appeared on the bridge and at the civic trust offices.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Further reading
1930 births
1969 deaths
Victims of police brutality
Anti-black racism in England
Police misconduct in England
Deaths by person in England
1969 in England
May 1969 events in the United Kingdom
Black British history
Racially motivated violence against black people
Immesheim is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Tea for Two may refer to:
"Tea for Two" (song), a 1925 popular song by Vincent Youmans and Irving Caesar
Tea for Two (album) (1950), a Doris Day album
Tea for Two (film) (1950), a movie starring Doris Day
Tea for Two (TV series), Australian television series
Tahiti Trot, Op. 16, Dmitri Shostakovich's 1927 orchestration of "Tea for Two"
See also
Tee for Two (1945), a 1945 Tom and Jerry cartoon
On 24 March 2020, 78 people – 64 dead and 14 alive – were found in a shipping container on a lorry in Mozambique. It is believed that the group were migrating to South Africa illegally; the route they were on is one that is often used for that purpose.
Background
Mozambique is a transit route for African migrants, attempting to reach the large economy in South Africa to find work. At least 200 immigrants traveling into the area, traveling from Egypt, Ethiopia, Malawi and Somalia have been arrested at the check point in 2020 with all indicating they were traveling to South Africa.
Incident
Immigration staff discovered the victims after they stopped the vehicle, which had crossed the border from Malawi, at a checkpoint in Tete Province in northwestern Mozambique and heard noises from inside it. Outside temperatures for the day in Tete were around 34°C or 93°F. The surviving occupants said that they are Ethiopians who were traveling to South Africa.
Victims
All the dead were male and are believed to have asphyxiated. The Ethiopian embassy in South African announced via Facebook that all the deceased victims had been identified with help from the surviving individuals.
The International Organization for Migration stated that the survivors were being treated for severe dehydration and exhaustion. Survivors will be screened for the coronavirius and put into quarantine.
Aftermath
The driver and their assistant – both of whom are Mozambican – were arrested. A provincial immigration spokesperson told reporters that the driver told police that they had been promised 30,000 meticais (S$720) to transport the men, causing a manhunt to be launched for the intermediary who promised payment.
Reactions
Ethiopian Prime Minister and Nobel Laureate Abiy Ahmed used Twitter to express their condolences. Ethiopia's President Sahle-Work Zewde also expressed their condolences.
References
2020 crimes in Africa
2020 in Mozambique
March 2020 events in Africa
Illegal immigration to Africa
Migrant disasters
2020 crimes in Mozambique
March 2020 crimes in Africa
Francis Badgley may refer to:
Francis Badgley (merchant) (1767–1841), Canadian merchant, politician, and newspaper editor
Francis Badgley (doctor) (1807–1863), their son, Canadian physician
The Honourable St John Brodrick (c. 1685 – 21 February 1728), was an Anglo-Irish politician who sat in the Irish House of Commons from 1709 to 1728 and in the British House of Commons from 1721 to 1727.
Brodrick was a son of Alan Brodrick, 1st Viscount Midleton and brother of Alan Brodrick, 2nd Viscount Midleton; their mother was their father's first wife, Catherine Barry, daughter of Redmond Barry of Rathcormac. They predeceased their father by some months.
Broderick represented Castlemartyr in the Irish House of Commons from 1709 to 1713, the City of Cork from 1713 to 1715 and then the County of Cork from 1715 to their death. On 9 June 1724, they were appointed to the Irish Privy Council. They were also returned as Member of Parliament for Bere Alston on petition on 6 June 1721 after a by-election and returned unopposed at the 1722 general election.
As an MP they gravely embarrassed their father by voting regularly against the Government. Lord Midleton tried to brush over the matter in their private correspondence by excusing their son as a headstrong young man, not easily controlled even by their formidable father, whose bad temper was notorious.
By their wife Anne Hill, daughter of Michael Hill of Hillsborough and sister of Trevor Hill, 1st Viscount Hillsborough and Arthur Hill-Trevor, 1st Viscount Dungannon, they had at least four daughters. One, Anne, married James Jefferyes of Blarney Castle, son of Sir James Jeffreys and father of James St John Jeffreyes. Another, Mary, married Sir John Redmond Freke, 3rd Baronet.
References
External links
leighrayment.com
leighrayment.com
http://thepeerage.com/p3659.htm#i36586
1680s births
1728 deaths
17th-century Irish people
Politicians from County Cork
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Cork constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for Cork City
Members of the Privy Council of Ireland
Irish MPs 1703–1713
Irish MPs 1713–1714
Irish MPs 1715–1727
Irish MPs 1727–1760
Heirs apparent who never acceded
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Bere Alston
British MPs 1715–1722
British MPs 1722–1727
Edward Manning may refer to:
Edward R. Manning (1944–2011), American basketball player, see Ed Manning
Edward Manning (Jamaica) (18th century), Jamaican politician
Edward Manning (minister), Canadian Baptist minister, see Ingraham Ebenezer Bill
See also
Ned Manning, Australian playwright
Manning
The Mayor of Buller is the head of the municipal government of Buller District, New Zealand. The mayor is directly elected using the first-past-the-post electoral system.
Jamie Cleine has been the mayor since the 2019 local elections.
History
Buller District was established as part of the 1989 local government amalgamation of Buller County, Westport Borough and Inangahua County.
Pat O'Dea was mayor for seven terms until their defeat in 2004, i.e. they were the inaugural mayor of Buller District, but had previously been mayor of Westport Borough since 1983. In the 2001 local elections, Westport lawyer Martin Sawyers came within 335 votes of O'Dea, but in the 2004 local elections, Sawyers had a majority of 1072 votes. Sawyers retired after their three-year term.
The 2007 mayoral election was contested by Pat O'Dea, Pat McManus, and Inangahua Ward councillor Graeme Neylon; McManus was elected. The 2010 mayoral election was fought by O'Dea and McManus, with the incumbent again successful. At the 2013 local elections, McManus retired for health reasons after having earlier declared that they would stand for a third term. The mayor from 2013 to 2019 was Garry Howard, who defeated three-term councillor Margaret Montgomery and Greg Hart, who was first elected onto the council in the Westport Ward in 2013.
List of mayors of Buller
Buller District has had five mayors:
References
Buller
Buller
Buller District
Deep Depression ARB 02 was a weak tropical cyclone that caused extensive damage and loss of life in Yemen in October 2008. The sixth tropical cyclone and third deep depression of the 2008 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, ARB 02 formed on October 19 off the west coast of India from the same broader system that spawned a tropical storm in the southern Indian Ocean at the same time. Moving generally westward, the depression failed to intensify much, reaching maximum sustained winds of only . It was no longer classifiable as a tropical depression by October 23, and later that day, its remnants made landfall near Ash Shihr in eastern Yemen.
The storm sent a plume of moisture throughout the Arabian Peninsula, contributing to dust storms as far north as Iraq. However, the effects were most severe in Yemen, becoming the second-worst natural disaster in the country after deadly floods in 1996. The storm dropped heavy rainfall in a normally arid region, reaching around , which caused flash flooding in valleys after waterways were unable to contain the approximately 2 billion km3 (528 billion gallons) of water that fell. Poor drainage practices and an invasive species of weed contributed to the floods, which damaged or destroyed 6,505 houses, leaving about 25,000 people homeless. The floods killed 180 people and severely disrupted the livelihoods of about 700,000 residents of Hadhramaut and Al Mahrah governorates, mostly farmers whose fields were washed away. Some of the buildings at the Shibam UNESCO World Heritage Site collapsed due to the floods. Overall damage was estimated at US$874.8 million, although residual losses from damaged infrastructure were estimated to cost an additional US$726.9 million. The overall economic impact of the storm was therefore estimated at US$1.638 billion, equating to roughly 6% of the country's gross domestic product.
After the scale of the damage became clear, the government of Yemen requested for assistance from the international community. The hardest hit areas had poor infrastructure, which caused difficulties in communications as relief goods were distributed. Nations in the region, including Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, sent money and supplies to help rebuild the damaged infrastructure and houses. Agencies under the United Nations provided food and logistical support. Relief efforts continued to make progress until 2011 due to a political uprising in Yemen.
Meteorological history
On October 11, an active phase of the Madden–Julian oscillation, in conjunction with an equatorial wind burst, produced twin areas of convection in the central Indian Ocean on both sides of the equator. The system in the southern hemisphere would become Tropical Storm Asma in the south-west Indian Ocean, and the system in the northern hemisphere would ultimately strike Yemen. The northern hemisphere system originated in the Bay of Bengal, and moved westward for much of its duration, steered by a ridge to the north along 15º N. On October 16, a low-pressure area developed over southern India near Kanyakumari. With low wind shear and warm waters of , the system slowly organized. On October 19, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) classified the low as a depression about 725 km (450 mi) southeast of the Yemeni island of Socotra. By that time, the convection had organized more, although it was displaced slightly from the center due to stronger wind shear.
The convection persisted along the western periphery of an elongated center, organizing enough for the American-based Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) to issue warnings on the depression on October 20, designating it Tropical Cyclone 03A. With marginally favorable conditions, the depression intensified slightly, and the IMD upgraded it to a deep depression on October 21, the same peak as the JTWC. That day, the system moved over Socotra as it reached an area of cooler water temperatures. Land interaction and dry air weakened the convection around the system as it approached the Gulf of Aden. The IMD downgraded the cyclone to depression status on October 22. On the next day, the JTWC discontinued advisories, and the IMD downgraded the system further to a remnant low to the northeast of Cape Guardafui, Somalia. The JTWC continued tracking the system as it moved northwestward, and the circulation made landfall near Ash Shihr in southeastern Yemen late on October 23, losing its identity shortly thereafter.
Impact
Moving ashore southeastern Yemen, the storm dropped heavy rainfall in the typically arid region, reaching in some areas, and possibly as high as , over a 20,000 km2 (7,700 mi2) area. This equated to about 2 billion m3 (528 billion gallons) of water, more than twice the capacity of most waterways. The thunderstorms and rainfall occurred over a 30‑hour period, severely disrupting life in eastern Yemen. The precipitation coalesced into valleys, resulting in flash flooding that swelled water levels to . Hundreds of residents became trapped in their homes, while businesses and schools were shut down. The storm sent a plume of moisture that spread into Saudi Arabia, reaching in Najran, and was drawn northward into Iraq by a trough over Syria, triggering dust storms.
A representative of UNICEF estimated that the magnitude of the flooding was the worst in 600 years, attributing the scope to climate change. The areas effected – primarily Hadhramaut and Al Mahrah governorates – are usually dry and unsuited for such flooding. This resulted in the second worst natural disaster on record in Yemen, following deadly floods in 1996. Overall, the floods killed around 180 people in Yemen, with many corpses carried away by the deluge. Illegal alterations in canal and drainage systems caused the floods to impact many houses and buildings, and the governor of Hadhramaut credited the invasive Prosopis juliflora weed as exasperating floods after blocking waterways. Throughout the country, the floods destroyed 2,826 houses and damaged another 3,679, leaving about 25,000 people homeless; many of these houses were made of mud, washed away by the floodwaters. The displaced utilized temporary shelters in mosques and schools, or stayed with family and friends. Damage to housing, hospitals, and education was estimated at $200 million. The UNESCO World Heritage Site at Shibam – dating back to the 3rd century and housing tall mud buildings from the 17th century – was surrounded by floodwaters, causing some of the dwellings to collapse. Businesses and other infrastructure projects were also destroyed.
Infrastructure damage was estimated at $113 million (2008 USD), most of which related to damaged roads, after thoroughfares were washed away. At the Sayun Airport, floods damaged runways and other facilities. 359 dams were damaged, alongside 65 reservoirs. Widespread irrigation systems were also damaged, including of pipelines, 1,241 wells, and 1,229 water pumps. Electricity and telephone lines were disrupted in the region. The floods damaged 170 schools, as well as many health facilities. Along the coast, the storm damaged many fishing boats and equipment. In Al Mahrah Governorate, the storm washed a cargo ship ashore, although the 17-person crew was rescued.
Agriculture impacts were significant, estimated at $550 million, which affected 75% of the farmers in Hadhramaut. Soil erosion from the floods damaged of farmlands, as well as of uncultivated lands. This mostly affected cereals, vegetables, and forage crops. Floods killed about 58,500 livestock and wrecked 309,103 beehives. The storm also knocked down 547,185 palm trees, 16,587 citrus trees, and another 161,449 fruit trees. Despite the heavy agriculture damage, the floods did not disrupt the national food supply.
The effects of the flooding disrupted the livelihoods of about 700,000 residents; most of the storm's damage affected people's jobs, including farming, industry, and commerce, totaling $557.3 million in damages. About 76% of the overall effects of the flooding were the result of disruption of people's jobs. Overall damage was estimated at $874.8 million, although residual losses from damaged infrastructure were estimated to cost an additional $726.9 million. The overall economic impact of the storm was therefore estimated at $1.638 billion, equating to roughly 6% of the country's gross domestic product. Damage was heaviest in Hadhramaut Governorate, accounting for 67.5% of the material damages, and occurred mostly along the coast; 16 of the 19 districts in the governorate reported damage. Also in Hadramaut, there were 57 people injured due to the storm. The government sent search and rescue teams into the flooded areas to help stranded residents, although strong winds in the region disrupted these efforts in the immediate aftermath. In Seiyun, six soldiers died while attempting to rescue trapped residents. Lightning strikes killed six people.
Aftermath
On October 27, the Yemen government requested assistance from the international community, unable to provide disaster assessments or cope with the rebuilding. The storm affected areas of Yemen that already had poor infrastructure and lack of food, and were generally under a state of political unrest, which made recovery difficult. In some areas, relief distribution was duplicated due to lack of coordination while some areas did not receive help. Yemen's Deputy Prime Minister for Internal Affairs coordinated the relief efforts, in conjunction with the governors of the most affected areas. The government focused on streamlining disaster activities and toward future mitigation. However, there was no coordinated disaster plan as of September 2009, and the scale of the disaster proved too great for ministries to handle. The Ministry of Public Works helped reopen roads, which allowed for the transport of relief goods, and the damaged Sayun Airport was repaired to withstand future floods. By December 2008, most roads, power systems, hospitals, and communication services were restored. The government also enacted the Fund for Hadramout and Al-Mahara Reconstruction, which failed to promptly distribute aid assistance.
In addition to requesting international aid, the Yemen government declared Hadhramaut and Al Mahrah governorates as disaster areas, after then-president Ali Abdullah Saleh surveyed the affected areas. The president also utilized the nation's military to assist storm victims, and sent aircraft with tents, food, and medicine to the worst hit areas. To raise money for the disaster recovery, the Yemeni government cut one day of salary for all workers, equating to $4.25 million, and the government provided another $100 million from its annual budget. Local charities and residents collectively raised $8.5 million. Yemen's Red Cross provided meals and water to about 21,000 people. The agency also provided school kits for 4,500 students whose facilities were damaged. Ultimately, the Red Cross assisted over 70,000 storm victims through health programs, and also helped residents cope with stress, hygiene promotion, and other ongoing vulnerabilities to their livelihoods.
Various agencies under the United Nations assisted in the recovery; the World Health Organization provided medical kits to the worst hit areas, capable of helping 10,000 residents each for three months. The United Nations Development Programme helped house displaced storm victims, and many of the mud-built houses were repaired with the same construction materials as before. The World Bank led the assessment efforts, estimating the cost of recovery at $1.046 billion, mostly toward rebuilding houses, regrowing crops, and restoring social services. The World Bank also provided $41 million toward the Yemen Flood Protection and Emergency Reconstruction, which rebuilt vital infrastructure and ensured they were flood-proof. The World Food Programme assisted 43,000 people with food and other emergency supplies. The Organisation of the Islamic Conference declared the situation a "national catastrophe" and started a drive to collect funds for the relief of flood victims. At an international donor conference, various individuals and countries pledged $301 million to help with the reconstruction in the country. Arab nations in the region also donated cash and supplies to Yemen; Saudi Arabia pledged $100 million in assistance. The United Arab Emirates Red Crescent assisted in the reconstruction work, sending $27.3 million to rebuild 1,000 houses; 750 of these were completed by December 2009. The Arab Fund sent $135 million, including $35 million for road reconstruction. The Japanese government provided funding toward building shelter for 700 displaced Al-Akhdam people, designed to be away from the flood plain. Access to clean drinking water and proper shelter for the displaced helped mitigate the spread of disease. For many families, the effects of the disaster lasted several years due to insufficient assistance or disrupted jobs. By 2010, about 40% of the overall recovery cost was met by international donations, although funding was halted after political uprising in 2011.
Over the long term, residents lost significant amounts of income in the storm-affected areas, particularly farms in the year after the storm. Higher food prices also resulted in less income for other residents. The area's economy largely recovered to pre-flood levels by 2010.
See also
List of Arabian Peninsula tropical cyclones
1996 Oman cyclone – deadly tropical storm that became the costliest disaster on record in Yemen
2002 Oman cyclone – another storm that struck the Arabian Peninsula originating alongside a storm in the southern hemisphere
Cyclone Keila – slow-moving storm in 2011 that caused flooding in Oman and Yemen
Cyclone Chapala – Another powerful storm that made landfall in Yemen in 2015
Cyclone Megh – A storm that impacted Yemen soon after Cyclone Chapala
References
Floods
Yemen floods
Yemen Cyclone, 2008
Natural disasters in Yemen
Deep depressions
Tropical cyclones in Yemen
2008 Yemen cyclone
Wiley Randall Robertson (born October 6, 1962) is an American politician from Cataula, Georgia.  They are a Republican member of the Georgia State Senate representing District 29, elected in 2018. Robertson is a retired law enforcement officer and attended Command College at Columbus State University and the FBI National Academy.
Robertson was a Law Enforcement Officer in the Muscogee County Sheriff's Office. In 2018, they were elected to the Georgia State Senate. They were reelected in the 2020 general elections.
Early life and education
Robertson was born in Hamilton, Georgia to Bobby Ray and Elizabeth Cobb Robertson. They attended Cataula Elementary School, Harris County Junior High School, and Harris County High School. Robertson has four sisters.
Career
Robertson was a Law Enforcement Officer before entering politics, and after over thirty years in law enforcement retired from the Muscogee County Sheriff's Office in 2015.
In a 2000 internal investigation by the Muscogee County Sheriff's Office, then Lieutenant Robertson was found to have conducted themselves in a way that was "unbecoming of an officer" and "immoral." The investigation stemmed from an extramarital affair with their sister in-law that found Robertson engaged in sexual activity. The investigation further found that Robertson was not on duty at the time the activities took place and nothing occurred within a department vehicle. Despite the internal affairs report, Robertson maintains that in their thirty years with the Muscogee County Sheriff's Office they have never been reprimanded as they were cleared of all accusations.
Political career
Robertson was elected to the Georgia State Senate in 2018 after the seat was vacated by Josh McKoon. In 2020, Robertson qualified for re-election and was not challenged in either the Primary or General election.
"Safe Communities Act of 2021"
On February 11, 2021, Robertson introduced Senate Bill 171, the "Safe Communities Act of 2021," which increases penalties for certain offenses committed during an "unlawful assembly." Robertson introduced the legislation in response to the George Floyd protests and the 2021 United States Capitol attack. The original bill failed to receive a committee vote before Georgia's crossover day. On March 18, Robertson reintroduced the legislation through a committee substitute of another bill from the state house. The American Civil Liberties Union of Georgia said the bill "tramples on and makes a mockery of the First Amendment." Mazey Lynn Causey, a legislative advocate for the Georgia Association of Criminal Defense Attorneys, believes that it would allow immunity for motorists that run over a protester.
Personal life
Robertson is married to Theresa Garcia Robertson; they have four children and four grandchildren. The family goes to and worships with the First Baptist Church in Columbus.
Electoral history
References
Georgia (U.S. state) Republicans
Georgia (U.S. state) state senators
People from Harris County, Georgia
Living people
1962 births
21st-century American politicians
The Hornblende Bluffs () are prominent bluffs that rise to , located southeast of Mount Ellery and near the head of Suvorov Glacier, in the Wilson Hills of Antarctica. The feature was so named by the northern party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1963–64, who found the rock here contains the mineral hornblende.
See also
Heth Ridge
References
Cliffs of Oates Land
Coughlin School is a historic school building located at 1975 Pleasant Street in Fall River, Massachusetts. It was built in 1893, and was one of nine new grammar schools built in the city during the 1890s. It was designed by Frank Irving Cooper, who also designed the similar Osborn Street School, along with many other schools throughout New England.
The eight room elementary school was named for Dr. John W. Coughlin, who served as mayor of Fall River during the early 1890s. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
The Coughlin School was one of about a dozen elementary schools closed in June 2008 by the city, with the opening of several new, larger buildings.
It suffered a fire on August 22, 2015.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Buildings and structures in Fall River, Massachusetts
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Schools in Bristol County, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
"Games" is a song performed by American country music artist Luke Bryan from their seventh extended play Spring Break...Checkin' Out (2015). It was written by Bryan and Ashley Gorley. First released to digital retailers on February 24, 2015 as the first promotional single off the EP, the song later received airplay on country radio.
Content
"Games" is a mid-tempo country song about the frustration of people that the narrator cares about "playing games" rather than being upfront about their feelings. The song has been praised by critics such as Bob Paxman at Country Weekly for departing from the "party" theme of Bryan's spring break releases and dealing maturely with the topic.
Commercial reception
Despite not being officially promoted as a radio single by their label, "Games" was the ninth-most-added song on country radio for the week of March 16, 2015. "Games" debuted on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs chart at number 25 and on the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 chart at number 46 for the week of March 14, 2015. It also debuted from unsolicited airplay for the week of March 21, 2015, at number 57 on the US Billboard Country Airplay chart. "Games" entered the Billboard Hot 100 chart at number 97 for the week of March 28, 2015. The song has sold 293,000 copies in the US as of August 2015.
Chart performance
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
References
2015 songs
Luke Bryan songs
Capitol Records Nashville singles
Songs written by Luke Bryan
Songs written by Ashley Gorley
Samiyan may refer to:
Semichi Islands
Samian, Iran
See also
Samiyam
In Major League Soccer, in addition to the senior roster, each team can carry a developmental roster of a certain number of young players whose contracts do not count against the salary cap. The allowable size of developmental rosters has varied throughout its existence: in the 2005 season, it grew to ten from a former limit of six, but for the 2009 season, it was reduced to a limit of four players.
The developmental roster includes Generation adidas (known as Project-40 before 2005) signees, Home-Grown Players, and other players (usually recent college graduates) 25 or younger, called developmental players. Except for the Generation adidas players, whose salaries have no limit and are negotiated individually with the league, developmental players are paid a salary well below the MLS minimum, currently pegged at around $32,504 per year. A player is graduated from the developmental roster to the senior roster at the team's discretion, a decision which usually results from a player passing the age limit or becoming an important member of the squad.
Notable former developmental players include: Davy Arnaud, Nat Borchers, Alejandro Moreno, Jack Jewsbury, Chris Wondolowski and Troy Perkins.
Sources
2009 MLS Player Rules and Regulations Summary
References
Major League Soccer
A Nansen bottle is a device for obtaining samples of water at a specific depth. It was designed in 1894 by Fridtjof Nansen and further developed by Shale Niskin in 1966.
Description
The Nansen bottle (originally of brass metal) is designed for the capture of water deep in the ocean. It is essentially an open tube with a wide valve at each end connected together by a solid rod. A bottle is attached to the cable at its bottom using a clamping design and at its top by a tripping mechanism. A messenger weight is suspended below the clamping design.
A heavily-weighted cable is lowered from a ship and multiple bottles are attached at calculated intervals in order to place them at specific depths.
When the final bottle has been attached and lowered, the bottles are held at depth until the thermometers stabilize at temperature. A messenger weight is then sent down the cable to start a cascading triggering of the bottles. When the weight reaches the first bottle, the impact releases the tripping mechanism at the top allowing the bottle to freely rotate from the bottom, ending in both valves closing, trapping the water sample inside. The messenger weight further impacts the bottom clamp, releasing the messenger weight suspended below it to travel to the next bottle in line. After all of the bottles are tripped, they are then retrieved by hauling in the cable.
The sea temperature at the water sampling depth is recorded by means of a reversing thermometer fixed to the Nansen bottle. This is a mercury thermometer with a constriction in its capillary tube which, when the thermometer is inverted, causes the thread to break and trap the mercury, fixing the temperature reading. Since water pressure at depth will compress the thermometer walls and affect the indicated temperature, the thermometer is protected by a rigid enclosure. A non-protected thermometer is paired with the protected one, and comparison of the two temperature readings allows both temperature and pressure at the sampling point to be determined.
Niskin bottle
The Niskin bottle is an improvement on the Nansen bottle patented by Shale Niskin in March 1966. Instead of a metal bottle sealed at one end, the 'bottle' is a tube, usually plastic to minimize contamination of the sample, and open to the water at both ends. Each end is equipped with a cap which is either spring-loaded or tensioned by an elastic rope. The action of the messenger weight is to trip both caps shut and seal the tube. A reversing thermometer may also be carried on a frame fixed to the Niskin bottle. Since there is no rotation of the bottle to fix the temperature measurement, the thermometer has a separate spring-loaded rotating mechanism of its own tripped by the messenger weight.
A modern variation of the Niskin bottle uses actuated valves that may be either preset to trip at a specific depth detected by a pressure switch, or remotely controlled to do so via an electrical signal sent from the surface. This arrangement conveniently allows for a large number of Niskin bottles to be mounted together in a circular frame termed a rosette. As many as 36 bottles may be mounted on a single rosette. Thermistor temperature sensors are more commonly employed on Niskin bottle as they are more accurate than mercury thermometers.
References
External links
Niskin Bottles Firing Underwater
Bottles
Fridtjof Nansen
Oceanographic instrumentation
The Anubanini petroglyph, also called Sar-e Pol-e Zohab II or Sarpol-i Zohab relief, is a rock relief from the Akkadian Empire period (circa 2300 BC) or the Isin-Larsa period (early second millennium BC) and is located in Kermanshah Province, Iran. The rock relief is believed to belong to the Lullubi culture and is located 120 kilometers away from the north of Kermanshah, close to Sarpol-e Zahab. Lullubi reliefs are the earliest rock reliefs of Iran, later ones being the Elamite reliefs of Eshkaft-e Salman and Kul-e Farah.
Description
In this rock relief, Anubanini, the king of the Lullubi, puts their foot on the chest of a captive. There are eight other captives, two of them kneeling behind the Lullubian equivalent of the Akkadian goddess Ishtar (recognisable by the four pairs of horns on their headdress and the weapons over their shoulders) and six of them standing in a lower row at the bottom of the rock relief.  They are bare-chested, only wearing a short skirt.
The general style of the Anubanini relief emulates the style of Mesopotamian royal art of the period, as well as its language, in using the Akkadian language and script for this inscription.
Inscription
There's also an inscription in the Akkadian language and Akkadian script. In the inscription, they declare themselves as the mighty king of Lullubium, who had set up their image as well as that of Ishtar on mount Batir, and calls on various deities to preserve their monument. The inscription begins with the formula:
The date of the rock relief is believed to be circa 2300 BC. It was damaged about 30% during the Iran-Iraq war. Older photographs show in particular a nearly undamaged figure of the king.
Behistun reliefs
This rock relief is very similar to the much later Achaemenid Behistun reliefs (fifth century BC), not located very far, to such an extent that it was said that the Behistun Inscription was influenced by it. The attitude of the ruler, the trampling of an enemy, the presence of a divinity, the lines of prisoners are all very similar.
Details of the relief
Early depictions
The French architect Pascal Coste painted the rock relief as early as 1840.
Other reliefs in the area
The same area of Sar-e Pol-e Zahab, has three more, less well-preserved reliefs.
Lullubian reliefs
Another relief named Sar-e Pol-e Zohab I is about 200 meters away, in a style similar to the Anubanini relief, but this time with a beardless ruler. The attribution to a specific ruler remains uncertain. There are also other Lullubian relief in the same area of Sar-e Pol-e Zahab, showing a beardless warrior trampling a foe, facing a goddess.
Parthian relief
Another relief is located below the Anubanini relief, lower on the cliff. This relief was created during the Parthian Empire in the name of Gotarzes, possibly Gotarzes I, but more probably the Parthian king Gotarzes II, who ruled from 39 to 51 CE and is known to have made other reliefs, such as the equestrian relief at Behistun.
<gallery
widths="200px" heights="200px" perrow="4">
Anubanini Rock Relief 3.jpg|The second relief, below the Anubanini relief, a Parthian relief.
File:Sar-e_Pol_Parthian_relief.jpeg|Drawing of the Parthian relief.
</gallery>
Dukkan-e Daud Late Achemenid tomb
At Dukkan-e Daud, not far from Sar-e Pol-e Zohab, can be seen a late Achaemenid tomb (circa 400–300 BCE) with the relief of a Zoroastrian priest.
See also
Persian art
Lullubi
Anubanini
References
Tourist attractions in Kermanshah Province
Archaeological sites in Iran
Sculpture of the Ancient Near East
Rock reliefs in Iran
Behistun Inscription
Akkadian Empire
Said Adrus is an Ugandan-British artist born in 1958 in Uganda.
During the 1980s, their imagery has been described as computer paintings on canvas. They later turned to mixed media and multi-media ways of working, experimenting with the moving image and screen projection. Since 2015, he's been combining their digital media work with various materials that allude to their voyage from African and Asian coastlines to the Western hemisphere, describing migration and emigration in the modern setting.
They reference Andy Warhol as an influence to their collage work, comparing Warhol's parodying of Western art conventions to their pushing of the boundaries of painting while keeping its elements.
Adrus lives and practices in the UK, Switzerland, and other countries in Europe.
Biography
Adrus was born to Gujarati Muslim parents in 1958 in Kampala, Uganda, in what was at the time known as ‘British East Africa'. Their family moved there being part of the British colonial project of moving South Asian people to East Africa to build railways. They then moved to Switzerland, where they still live. Adrus then moved to Britain, due to Idi Amin expelling the descendents of Gujarati indentured labourers, many of whom moved to the UK.
Adrus has a BA(Hons) in Fine Art awarded by the Nottingham Trent Polytechnic.
 They are a polyglot, speaking German, French, Hindi, Gujarati and English.
Works
Group exhibitions
1985: Eastern Views: Works by Young Asian Artists from the Midlands
1985: Three Asian Artists
1988: Black Art: Plotting the Course
1988: Paintings by Said Adrus - Ceramics by Louise Block, Horizon Gallery, London.
1990: In Focus
1990: In Sight, in View
1990: "Let the Canvas Come to Life with Dark Faces”
1991: History and Identity: Seven Painters
1992: Black People and the British Flag
1992: Crossing Black Waters
1993: Transition of Riches
2008: Next We Change Earth
2011: Recreating the Archive
Reviews, articles, and texts
1990: ‘It Ain't Ethnic', Black Arts in London, no. 128, (1 - 30 September), 5.
Talks and events
2016: Straight Outta Gyri
References
1958 births
Living people
People from Kampala
Ugandan artists
Alumni of Nottingham Trent University
A suction cup, also known as a sucker, is a device or object that uses the negative fluid pressure of air or water to adhere to nonporous surfaces, creating a partial vacuum.
Suction cups are peripheral traits of some animals such as octopuses and squids, and have been reproduced artificially for numerous purposes.
Theory
The working face of the suction cup is made of elastic, flexible material and has a curved surface. When the center of the suction cup is pressed against a flat, non-porous surface, the volume of the space between the suction cup and the flat surface is reduced, which causes the air or water between the cup and the surface to be expelled past the rim of the circular cup. The cavity which develops between the cup and the flat surface has little to no air or water in it because most of the fluid has already been forced out of the inside of the cup, causing a lack of pressure. The pressure difference between the atmosphere on the outside of the cup and the low-pressure cavity on the inside of the cup keeps the cup adhered to the surface.
When the user ceases to apply physical pressure to the outside of the cup, the elastic substance of which the cup is made tends to resume its original, curved shape. The length of time for which the suction effect can be maintained depends mainly on how long it takes for air or water to leak back into the cavity between the cup and the surface, equalizing the pressure with the surrounding atmosphere. This depends on the porosity and flatness of the surface and the properties of the cup's rim. A small amount of mineral oil or vegetable oil is often employed to help maintain the seal.
Calculations
The force required to detach an ideal suction cup by pulling it directly away from the surface is given by the formula:
where:
F is the force,
A is the area of the surface covered by the cup,
P is the pressure outside the cup (typically atmospheric pressure)
This is derived from the definition of pressure, which is:
For example, a suction cup of radius 2.0 cm has an area of (0.020 m)2 = 0.0013 square meters. Using the force formula (F = AP), the result is
F = (0.0013 m2)(100,000 Pa) = about 130 newtons.
The above formula relies on several assumptions:
The outer diameter of the cup does not change when the cup is pulled.
No air leaks into the gap between the cup and the surface.
The pulling force is applied perpendicular to the surface so that the cup does not slide sideways or peel off.
Artificial use
Artificial suction cups are believed to have first been used in the third century, B.C., and were made out of gourds. They were used to suction "bad blood" from internal organs to the surface. Hippocrates is believed to have invented this procedure.
The first modern suction cup patents were issued by the United States Patent and Trademark Office during the 1860s. TC Roche was awarded U.S. Patent No. 52,748 in 1866 for a "Photographic Developer Dipping Stick"; the patent discloses a primitive suction cup means for handling photographic plates during developing procedures. In 1868, Orwell Needham patented a more refined suction cup design, U.S. Patent No. 82,629, calling their invention an "Atmospheric Knob" purposed for general use as a handle and drawer opening means.
Suction cups have a number of commercial and industrial applications:
To attach an object to a flat, nonporous surface, such as a refrigerator door or a tile on a wall. This is also used for mooring ships.
To move an object, such as a pane of glass or a raised floor tile, by attaching the suction cup to a flat, nonporous part of the object and then sliding or lifting the object.
In some toys, such as Nerf darts.
As toilet plungers.
To climb up almost or completely vertically up or down a flat, nonporous surface, such as the sides of some buildings. This is part of buildering, which is also known as urban climbering.
To hold an object still while it is worked on, such as holding a piece of glass while performing edge grinding.
On May 25, 1981, Dan Goodwin, a.k.a. SpiderDan, scaled Sears Tower, the former world's tallest building, with a pair of suction cups. They went on to scale the Renaissance Center in Dallas, the Bonaventure Hotel in Los Angeles, the World Trade Center in New York City, Parque Central Tower in Caracas, the Nippon TV station in Tokyo, and the Millennium Tower in San Francisco.
See also
Horror vacui (physics)
Magdeburg hemispheres
Self-sealing suction cup
References
Tools
Vacuum
Joining
la:Cucurbita (animalium)
Estádio Doutor Jorge Ismael de Biasi, sometimes known as Jorjão, is a multi-use stadium in Novo Horizonte, São Paulo, Brazil. It is used mostly for football matches, and has a maximum capacity of 14,096 people.
Inaugurated on 22 March 1987 in a match between Novorizontino and Internacional de Limeira, the stadium was named after Jorge Ismael de Biasi, the man that build the stadium with their own resources. In March 2020, the club inaugurated a new facade and honoured Dr. de Biasi with a statue.
References
External links
Grêmio Novorizontino profile
Templos do Futebol profile
Football venues in São Paulo (state)
Grêmio Esportivo Novorizontino
Grêmio Novorizontino
Sports venues in São Paulo (state)
Maury Regional Health is a not-for-profit regional health system serving southern Middle Tennessee through its hospitals, clinics, surgery centers, outpatient facilities and physician practice group.
Maury Regional Health is the largest health care provider between Nashville, Tennessee and Huntsville, Alabama, with approximately 3,000 employees throughout the system.
Learn more at MauryRegional.com.
Awards
Maury Regional Medical Center
● Top Health System–IBM Watson Health (2011, 2012, 2015, 2017, 2018 & 2020)
● 2022 rankings by CareChex®, an information service of Quantros, Inc.
● Top 10% in Tennessee for overall hospital care in the areas of medical excellence and patient safety (2021 CareChex®, an information service of Quantros, Inc.)
● Number one in Tennessee for overall hospital care in the area of medical excellence
(2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019 & 2020 CareChex®, an information service of Quantros, Inc.)
● Baldrige Performance Excellence Program Best Practice Recognition (Leadership – 2016; Strategic Planning & Workforce–2012)
● Leapfrog “A” Hospital Safety Score (16 consecutive reporting periods)
● Recognition for achieving meritorious outcomes for surgical patient care by the American College of Surgeons National Surgical Quality Improvement Program (2020)
● NCDR Chest Pain – MI Registry Gold Performance Achievement Award (2021)
● Beacon Award for Excellence, American Association of Critical-Care Nurses (2019)
● Best for Babies Award - Tennessee Department of Health (2019, 2020)
● U.S. News & World Report High Performing Hospital in 2017-18 for hip and knee replacement
● Top home care agency in nation by HomeCareElite (2006-2017)
● Excellence Award–Tennessee Center for Performance Excellence (2014)
● QUEST: High Performing Hospitals Top Performer (2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 & 2014)
● 100 Top Hospital–Truven Health Analytics (1993, 2008, 2010 & 2013)
● Top Performer on Key Quality Measures–Joint Commission (2013)
● 100 Great Community Hospitals–Becker's Hospital Review (2013)
● 100 Hospitals with Great Orthopedic Programs–Becker's Hospital Review (2013)
● EMS honored with Star of Life Award (2009, 2011 & 2013)
● 50 Top Cardiovascular Hospital (2012)
● Wound Center-Center of Excellence by Healogics (2017)
Marshall Medical Center
Top Health System–IBM Watson Health (2011, 2012, 2015, 2017, 2018 & 2020)
Wayne Medical Center
Top Health System–IBM Watson Health (2011, 2012, 2015, 2017, 2018 & 2020)
Top Performer Recognition from The Joint Commission (2015)
Affiliates
Maury Regional Medical Center (Columbia, TN)
Marshall Medical Center (Lewisburg, TN)
Wayne Medical Center (Waynesboro, TN)
Maury Regional Medical Group
Lewis Health Center (Hohenwald, TN)
Vanderbilt University Medical Center
References
Hospitals in Tennessee
Buildings and structures in Columbia, Tennessee
1953 establishments in Tennessee
Hospitals established in 1953
Flavian Laplante (1907-1981) was a Holy Cross Brother and a missionary who worked in Bangladesh from 1932 until 1981. They were a teacher and then a principal in different Catholic schools in the districts of Barisal, Noakhali and Chittagong. Later they were involved with the socio-economic development of the Jolodash community. They founded Miriam Ashram at Diang, on the 1 Karnaphuly River. They also built a grotto with the statue of Our Lady of Lourdes and turned it into a shrine.
Early life
Flavian Laplante was born on 27 July 1907 in St.-Louis-de-Richelieu, Quebec, Canada to Honoré Laplante and Louise Théroux. They were the seventh child of nine.
Brotherhood
Flavian joined Congregation of Holy Cross at the age of 16. They took the name, Brother Flavian, on 15 August 1923. They professed Final Vows on 16 August 1928. They served at the Notre Dame College in Quebec as a teacher and dorm supervisor.
Mission to Bangladesh
Flavian was assigned to the Congregation's mission in East Bengal in 1932.
André Bessette remarked when they were leaving for their mission, "How fortunate you are in becoming a missionary. I envy you." They arrived Chittagong in East Bengal on 1 December 1932. Their first assignment was at a high school in Padrishibpur. Besides construction of the school they also taught at the school and later on was appointed as a Principal. They reached Chittagong in May 1942 to help people, when Japan was conducting air raids. They stayed there even at the time of famine. They started a project for fisherman to get new boats after World War II. They also started an orphanage at Diang. they were sent to Noakhali from 1957 to 1962. In Diang they renamed the settlement there Miriam Ashram or the “Marian Hermitage." They also started Women's Promotion Center with the help of the Holy Cross sisters. “Kalidaha Fishing Project” was started in 1975 to help fisherman motorize their boats and founded a technical school to give them the skills to build and repair their own boats. On 24 December 1976 they retired to the life of a hermit. They installed a statue of Our Lady on 1 October 1978 and organized the feast day on 11 February 1979.
Death
Laplante died in Bangladesh on 19 June 1981 after prolonged illness.
Beatification
Flavian Laplante was declared a Servant of God by Patrick D'Rozario on 13 February 2009.
References
20th-century Canadian Roman Catholic priests
Canadian Servants of God
Canadian Roman Catholic missionaries
Canadian hermits
Congregation of Holy Cross
1981 deaths
1907 births
Roman Catholic missionaries in Bangladesh
The N. S. Mason House is a historic house at 58 Tremont Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. Built in 1865, the -story Italianate-style side-hall-plan house features decorative porch and window moldings and bracketed gables and eaves. A large wraparound porch is highlighted by a corner cupola. Its main entrance is flanked by sidelight windows and framed by a molded surround.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984. It is now occupied by a medical clinic.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1865
Italianate architecture in Massachusetts
2010 Cerezo Osaka season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Cerezo Osaka
Cerezo Osaka seasons
Pretty Pet Salon is a strategy video game developed by Hong Kong studio Dream Cortex and published by Animoca The game was released on January 26, 2011 for iOS and on May 13, 2011 for Android devices. An HD version was released for the iPad on February 26, 2011, followed by an Android version on May 13, 2011. The iOS versions were taken down for a time on January 15, 2012 but since then the franchise has reappeared on Apple's App Store. Pretty Pet Salon on the Android Market and on the Amazon Appstore were unaffected.
In the game, players must run a pet-grooming salon by micro-managing their staff. Pets must be groomed correctly to maintain customer satisfaction and the salon's profit.
The game is a freemium application, and it is the first title in the "Pretty Pet" series of apps. The game was downloaded 11 million times within its first 6 months of release.
Gameplay
The game is set in a virtual grooming salon presented in a fixed, third person, one-point perspective view. The player has a full view of the entire salon at all times, where service stations are affixed. The objective of the game is to increase the salon's level.
Each game day lasts for approximately 2.5 minutes, during which a number of customers will automatically enter the salon with their pets. Upon entering, an icon will appear on top of each customer's pet to indicate which service they require. The player must then drag the pet to the appropriate station, after which an exclamation mark icon will appear on top of the pet. At that point, the player must tap on the pet in order for their staff to attend to it, and only afterward will the service be completed. Each pet may require more than one service per visit. Customers and their pets have a limited amount of patience, which serves as a time limit for each service. If pets are not served within the time limit, the owner along with their pet will leave the salon without payment.
Once all services for the pet are completed, the customer and their pet will move on to the cashier to pay. Players must then tap on the cashier in order for their staff to collect payment. For each customer that successfully completes payment, the player will gain a certain amount of "happiness" and in-game currency. Levels are earned by achieving a certain amount of "happiness" and accumulating a certain amount of in-game currency. Requirements for the next level will be displayed at the end of each game day. As the salon gains levels, the game will also increase in difficulty.
At the end of each game day, players are also given the option to upgrade or purchase more stations, and upgrade or hire more staff. Purchases can be made using purchasable currency, called "Pet Points," or using the free in-game currency earned through regular game play.
Reception
As of November 14, 2011, Pretty Pet Salon has received a user rating of 4.1 out of 5 stars on the Android Market based on 25,053 votes. On the iTunes US App Store, the game earned a user rating of 3 out of 5 stars for all versions of the game on the US App Store (iOS) based on 20,058 votes.
On February 11, 2011, Pretty Pet Salon reached #6 on the global Top iPhone Games chart and #11 on the global Top Apps chart, both based on number of downloads.
References
External links
IOS games
Android (operating system) games
Video games developed in Hong Kong
Virtual pet video games
2011 video games
Eicochrysops eicotrochilus, the brachystegia blue, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (South Kivu, Shaba and Lualaba), Angola, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe (Harare District). The habitat consists of Brachystegia woodland.
Adults are on wing from October to February.
References
Butterflies described in 1924
Eicochrysops
During 1967-68 season Milan Associazione Calcio competed in Serie A, Coppa Italia and the European Cup Winners' Cup.
Summary
The only time that Milan won the league title so early was back on 31 March 1968. After four titles during the 1950s, the Rossoneri's pace had actually slowed during the following decade as they won just two league titles. However, their second was that of 1968 – a year before their famous European Cup victory. Incidentally, 12 months prior to Milan's Scudetto celebrations in 1968, the prospect of winning the league was unthinkable. Arturo Silvestri's Rossoneri had finished eighth in the league standings, with the only positive being that of our Coppa Italia victory in Rome against Padova on 14 June 1967.
Nereo Rocco's return at the start of the 1967-68 campaign was certainly part of this revival – the team achieving a complete turnaround under their guidance. With Sormani and Prati given more emphasis and Anquilletti fully introduced, the roles of Rivera, Trapattoni, Rosato and Lodetti were also strengthened. New arrivals included: Cudicini, Schnellinger, Malatrasi and Hamrin. And so was born the Milan side that not only won the Scudetto with four games to go before the end of the season – with a Napoli side containing Juliano and Alfatini being their only true opposition – but also beating Hamburg to claim the European Cup Winners' Cup in Rotterdam.
Squad
(Captain)
Transfers
Competitions
Serie A
League table
Matches
Coppa Italia
First round
Second round
Quarterfinals
Final round
European Cup Winners' Cup
Round of 32
Eightfinals
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Final
Statistics
See also
A.C. Milan
References
External links
RSSSF – Italy 1967/68
A.C. Milan seasons
Milan
Italian football championship-winning seasons
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup-winning seasons
The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 13 is an anthology of fantasy stories, edited by Arthur W. Saha. It was first published in paperback by DAW Books in November 1987.
Summary
The book collects eleven novelettes and short stories by various fantasy authors, originally published in 1986 and deemed by the editor the best from the period represented, together with an introduction by the editor.
Contents
"Introduction" (Arthur W. Saha)
"Beauty Is the Beast" (Tanith Lee)
"Something in the Blood" (Richard L. Purtill)
"Pièce de Résistance" (Judith Tarr)
"Long, Long Ago" (R. Chetwynd-Hayes)
"The Old Man and the Cherry Tree" (Kevin J. Anderson)
"Phone Repairs" (Nancy Kress)
"The Tale and Its Master" (Michael Rutherford)
"Sanctuary" (Kim Antieau)
"The Uncorking of Uncle Finn" (Jane Yolen)
"A Place to Stay for a Little While" (Jim Aikin)
"The Boy Who Plaited Manes" (Nancy Springer)
Notes
1987 anthologies
Fantasy anthologies
DAW Books books
Giovanni Battista Laghi (born in 1665 in Venice) was an Italian clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Split-Makarska. They were appointed bishop in 1720. They died in 1730.
References
1665 births
1730 deaths
Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops of Split
Upper Chandmari Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 12 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Upper Chandmari Ward:
Schools
Chandmari Higher Secondary School
Genesis School
Government High School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 12
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
JEF United Chiba Ladies, also known by their full name, , is a Japanese women's football club that plays in the WE League.
Players
First-team squad
Former players
Former notable players
Karina Maruyama (2010–2011)
Yuika Sugasawa (2013–2016)
Erina Yamane (2012 – June 2017)
Honours
Domestic competitions
Empress's Cup All-Japan Women's Football Tournament
Runners-up (2): 2012, 2021
Nadeshiko League Cup
Champions (1): 2017
Runners-up (1): 2016
Season-by-season
Transition of team name
JEF United Ichihara Ladies: 1992–2004
JEF United Chiba Ladies: 2005–present
See also
List of women's football clubs in Japan
References
External links
(in Japanese)
JEF United Chiba
Women's football clubs in Japan
1992 establishments in Japan
Japan Women's Football League teams
Sports teams in Chiba Prefecture
WE League clubs
During World War II, the German military planned or undertook an operation named Donnerschlag ("Thunderclap" in German).
The December 1942 German Army plan called for a breakout from the besieged city of Stalingrad (now Volgograd) by the German Sixth Army and there meet up with the relief Operation Wintergewitter. Donnerschlag was to be the code word for the commencement of Operation Wintergewitter. The operation was downgraded and converted into a defensive stance after Hermann Göring's boast that the Luftwaffe would resupply the surrounded troops at Stalingrad. This effort eventually failed totally, and the Sixth Army, encircled by the Red Army as a result of Operation Uranus, surrendered in early February 1943.
References
Battle of Stalingrad
Donnerschlag
Donnerschlag
PsycCRITIQUES was a database of reviews of books, videos, and popular films published by the American Psychological Association. It replaced the print journal Contemporary Psychology: APA Review of Books, which was published from 1956 to 2004. The official blog of PsycCRITIQUES allowed free access to the full text of some recent reviews. It was discontinued on December 31, 2017. Archives are available to the public via the Center for the History of Psychology (University of Akron) or via a paid subscription to Portico.
See also
PsycINFO
References
External links
at the Center for the History of Psychology at the University of Akron
PsycCRITIQUES blog
Works about psychology
Magazines established in 1956
Bibliographic databases and indexes
Book review magazines
American Psychological Association publications
Weekly magazines published in the United States
Magazines disestablished in 2017
Defunct literary magazines published in the United States
Magazines published in Washington, D.C.
HaOlim (, lit. The Immigrants) was a short-lived one-man political faction in Israel.
Background
The faction was formed when Yigal Yasinov broke away from Shinui on 1 February 2006, towards the end of the 16th Knesset. This followed Shinui's split into Shinui and the Secular Faction.
On the same day of its establishment, Yasinov merged the party into Yisrael Beiteinu, which had split from the National Union on the same day. Yasinov themselves had immigrated from Ukraine in 1993 and had joined Shinui rather than Yisrael Beiteinu after being refused permission to buy a house by settlers during the 1990s, an episode which led to a dislike of the National Religious Party. Yasinov was placed 14th on the Yisrael Beiteinu list for the 2006 elections, but failed to retain their place in the Knesset as it won only 11 seats.
References
External links
HaOlim Knesset website
Political parties established in 2006
Political parties disestablished in 2006
Defunct political parties in Israel
Epigonus telescopus, the black cardinal fish, is a species of deepwater cardinalfish found in most temperate oceans worldwide, at depths of between though mostly between . It can reach a length of TL though most specimens do not exceed TL. It has been reported that this species can reach an age of 104 years.
Description
The black cardinal fish is a shallow-bodied fish with large eyes and a blunt snout and slightly projecting lower jaw. The dorsal fin is in two parts and has seven or eight spines and nine to eleven soft rays. The anal fin has two spines and nine soft rays. The general colour of this fish is purplish-brown or black and living specimens are iridescent.
Distribution and habitat
The black cardinal fish is a deepwater bentho-pelagic fish that is found on continental slopes, undersea ridges and seamounts in the northern Atlantic, ranging from Iceland to the Canary Islands and the Corner Rise Seamounts. It is also found in the southeastern Atlantic, including the Walvis Ridge off southwestern Africa, the Indian Ocean and the southwestern Pacific Ocean.
Fisheries
The black cardinal fish is subject to commercial fisheries, primarily around seamounts. Based on the FAO fishery statistics, the annual catches worldwide ranged between 1,355 and 4,353 tonnes in 2000 to 2009, most of the fish being taken from the Southwest Pacific (FAO Fishing Area 81). However, according to Watson et al., the catches peaked at 10,000 tonnes in the year 2000.
References
Tony Ayling & Geoffrey Cox, Collins Guide to the Sea Fishes of New Zealand, (William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1982)
Epigonidae
Fish described in 1810
Taxa named by Antoine Risso
Fish of the Atlantic Ocean
Fish of the Indian Ocean
Fish of the Pacific Ocean
Luigi Velotti is an Italian coxswain. They won a gold medal at the 1988 World Rowing Championships in Milan with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Coxswains (rowing)
Living people
Carla Moreno (born September 19, 1976 in São Carlos) is an athlete from Brazil, who competes in triathlon. They won the silver medal at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
Moreno competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They were one of two Brazilian athletes, along with Mariana Ohata, not to finish the competition.
At the 2004 Summer Olympics, Moreno again competed in the triathlon. Again, they did not finish, making them the only athlete to start in both of the first two Olympic triathlons but finish neither.
References
Profile
1976 births
Living people
Brazilian female triathletes
Olympic triathletes of Brazil
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2003 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2007 Pan American Games
People from São Carlos
Sportspeople from São Paulo (state)
Pan American Games silver medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games medalists in triathlon
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
20th-century Brazilian women
21st-century Brazilian women
The Women's Marathon event at the 1999 World Championships in Seville, Spain was held on Sunday August 29, 1999.
Medalists
Abbreviations
All times shown are in hours:minutes:seconds
Records
Intermediates
Final ranking
See also
1998 Women's European Championships Marathon (Budapest)
1999 World Marathon Cup
2000 Women's Olympic Marathon (Sydney)
2002 Women's European Championships Marathon (Munich)
References
Results
IAAF results
trackandfieldnews
M
Marathons at the World Athletics Championships
1999 marathons
Women's marathons
World Championships in Athletics marathon
Marathons in Spain
nl:IAAF wereldkampioenschap marathon 1999
"Whodunit", written by Keni St. Lewis and Freddie Perren, was a hit song for American R&B/disco group Tavares in 1977. Released from their album Love Storm.
Background
The lyrical hook to the song was the repeated query "Whodunit? / Who stole my baby?" The singer then appealed to a series of famous fictional detectives to help "solve" the case, including Sherlock Holmes, Charlie Chan, Ellery Queen, McCloud, Kojak, Baretta and Dirty Harry. The gimmick was reminiscent of "Searchin'", a 1957 single by The Coasters which also invoked a series of lawmen to track down a missing love interest.
Chart performance
The song spent one week at number one on the R&B singles chart in May 1977 and peaked at number twenty-two on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart and in the UK peaked at number 5 the week ending 7 May 1977, where it stayed for 2 weeks. "Whodunit" was re-released in February 1986.
Weekly singles charts
Year-end charts
References
External links
1977 songs
1977 singles
Capitol Records singles
Tavares (group) songs
European Hot 100 Singles number-one singles
Songs written by Freddie Perren
Soul songs
Songs written by Keni St. Lewis
Elise Aun (15 July 1863 – 2 June 1932) was an Estonian poet and writer; one of the most notable women writers in 19th-century Estonia.
Elise Rosalie Aun was born in Pikareinu, Valgjärve Parish (now, Kanepi Parish), Põlva County in 1863. In 1882, they graduated from Räpina Parish Girls' School. After graduating, they were unable to find steady work and did different small jobs in the 1880s and 1890s. In 1902, they became an outlet manager for the Christian Popular Literature Agency in Tallinn. In 1903, they married schoolteacher Friedrich Raup.
Works
1888 poetry collection "Kibuvitsa õied" ('Rosehip Blossoms')
1890 poetry collection "Laane linnuke" ('Forest Bird')
1890 poetry collection "Metsalilled" 'Forest Flowers'
1895 poetry collection "Kibuvitsa õied II" ('Rosehip Blossoms II')
1901 poetry collection "Kibuvitsa õied III" ('Rosehip Blossoms III')
References
External links
Elise Aun at Estonian Writers' Online Dictionary
1863 births
1932 deaths
Estonian women poets
Estonian women writers
19th-century Estonian women writers
20th-century Estonian women writers
19th-century Estonian poets
20th-century Estonian poets
People from Kanepi Parish
A Bath Oliver is a hard, dry biscuit or cracker made from flour, butter, yeast and milk; often eaten with cheese. It was invented by physician William Oliver of Bath, Somerset around 1750, giving the biscuit its name.
History
When Oliver died, they bequeathed to their coachman, Mr. Atkins, the recipe for the Bath Oliver biscuit, together with £100 and ten sacks of the finest wheat-flour. Atkins promptly set up their biscuit-baking business and became rich. Later the business passed to a man named Norris, who sold out to a baker called Carter, although it is possible that several Bath bakers were producing the biscuit in competition. During the nineteenth century the Bath Oliver biscuit recipe passed to James Fortt.
The company continued to produce the biscuit well into the second half of the twentieth century.
In October 2020 United Biscuits temporarily suspended production of Bath Olivers owing to COVID-19 disruption, without a prior announcement made. A run of production occurred in December 2020.
In popular culture
The reference to Bath Oliver biscuits by Mary Norton in 'The Borrowers' 1952 evokes an Edwardian gentility: ". . . and it would comfort them to see, each evening at dusk, Mrs. Driver appear at the head of the stairs and cross the passage carrying a tray for Aunt Sophy with Bath Oliver biscuits and the tall, cut glass decanter of Fine Old Pale Madeira."
Similarly, Bath Oliver biscuits seem to evoke a nostalgic, very English, idyll in the first chapter of Puck of Pook's Hill by Rudyard Kipling: "[the child heroes of the story] were not, of course, allowed to act on Midsummer Night itself, but they went down after tea on Midsummer Eve, when the shadows were growing, and they took their supper—hard-boiled eggs, Bath Oliver biscuits, and salt in an envelope—with them. [...] Everything else was a sort of thick, sleepy stillness smelling of meadow-sweet and dry grass."
Also the biscuits are a favourite of Inspector Lestrade in the M. J. Trow mystery series.
In The Pound Era by Hugh Kenner, Ezra Pound associates the cracker with a receding world of manners when they remember "Men of my time have witnessed 'parties' in London gardens where, as I recall it, everyone else (male) wore grey 'toppers' . . . Men have witnessed the dinner ceremony on flagships, where the flight attendant still called it 'claret' and a Bath Oliver appeared with the cheese. (Stilton? I suppose it must have been Stilton.)"
In Hamlet, Revenge! (1937), part III, chapter one, mystery writer Michael Innes places Bath Olivers among the standard amenities of a country house bedroom in the 1930s. As the house flight attendant explains to Inspector Appleby, "Two Bath Olivers, two Richtea, and two digestive in every room. Replenished daily and changed three times a week. The Bath Olivers go to Mr. Bagot [the butler]—he has a Partiality for Them—and the others to the servants' hall."
In 'Rebecca' the narrator "steals" six Bath Olivers from the dining room sideboard before exploring Manderley by themselves for the first time.
During World War II, the Crown Jewels were hidden in a secret chamber deep beneath Windsor Castle. The royal archivist pried out all of the major stones from the regalia and placed them inside a Bath Oliver tin so that most important part of the Crown jewels could be quickly removed and hidden, should the Germans invade.
Evelyn Waugh mentions Bath Oliver biscuits in their novel Brideshead Revisited: Sebastian Flyte and Charles Ryder nibble on the biscuits while indulging in a night of extravagant wine tasting.
Mr Tebbs in episode "Shedding the Load" mentions Bath Oliver biscuits in Are You Being Served when discussing their favourite biscuit
In the UK 1970s sitcom Porridge episode, The harder they fall. Genial Harry Grout asks Norman Stanley Fletcher "if they want a bath oliver ?" To which Fletcher replies "you got a bath in here an all".
References
1750 introductions
Crackers (food)
Biscuits
Culture in Bath, Somerset
History of Bath, Somerset
Somerset cuisine
Table tennis was contested at the 2011 Summer Universiade from August 13 to August 20 at the Shenzhen Bay Sport Center Gym in Shenzhen, China. Men's and women's singles, men's, women's, and mixed doubles, and men's and women's team events were contested.
Medal summary
Medal table
Events
References
2011 Summer Universiade events
Universiade
2011
Table tennis competitions in China
Edward John Ziemba (born May 2, 1932) is a Canadian former politician in Ontario, Canada. They were a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1975 to 1981 who represented the downtown Toronto riding of High Park—Swansea.
Background
Ziemba was born in Regina, Saskatchewan and came to Toronto as a young boy. In the 1950s they adopted a new name and was known as Eddie John Harris. Ziemba said, "It was a good way to do business, to adopt an Anglicized name." Operating under this name they worked as an amateur boxer, a television repairman and a private investigator. They also operated a ladies fashion store on Bloor Street West. When they married they signed the licence as Edward Harris, but they decided to revert to their original name when their first child was born. These revelations did not come to light until after Ziemba was elected to the provincial legislature. Morton Shulman who preceded Ziemba as the member for High Park-Swansea stood by him. Shulman said, "I know nothing disreputable about him.  They are a dedicated socialist and temperance man."
In the 1970s, Ziemba was secretary for the West Toronto Inter-Church Temperance Federation. William Temple, founder of the group said that Ziemba played a major part in keeping alcohol out of the Bloor West area of Toronto. Temple described Ziemba as "clean living and concerned about the welfare of the weak and helpless in their riding. They go out of their way to help those in need."
Politics
In 1974, Ziemba ran for a seat on Toronto City Council. They placed third behind incumbents Bill Boytchuk and Elizabeth Eayrs. In the 1975 provincial election they ran as the New Democratic Party candidate in the riding of High Park-Swansea. They defeated, Progressive Conservative candidate Yuri Shymko by 1,773 votes. They were re-elected in 1977 this time defeating their old municipal rival Bill Boytchuk by 788 votes.
They were defeated in the 1981 provincial election by Progressive Conservative Yuri Shymko, who made an issue of Ziemba's six-month expulsion from the legislature after they accused the Conservative government of persuading two opposition MPPs of giving up their seats immediately prior to the 1977 election campaign by offering them patronage positions, allowing the Conservatives to win the seats. "The Tories bought those seats. Those seats have been bought and paid for on the installment plan - and it adds up to $100,000 a year," said Ziemba in 1980 in regards to appointments given to former Liberal MPPs Phil Givens and Vernon Singer.
An outspoken and controversial politician, Ziemba spent six days in Toronto's Don Jail in 1977 for contempt of court when they refused to reveal their informant for allegations that the principals of Abko Laboratories were defrauding the Ontario Health Insurance Plan. The owners of the lab were charged with fraud following a police investigation and Ziemba was called as a witness and refused to reveal their informant on the stand, saying they would not betray their informant's trust. In 1976, Ziemba also sparked an uproar in the legislature when they leaked a list of 812 doctors earning more than $100,000 a year in OHIP billings.
In 1982, they attempted a political comeback by running for Toronto City Council in Ward 1 but was unsuccessful. In the 1990 provincial election, their sister-in-law, Elaine Ziemba, regained the High Park—Swansea seat for the NDP.
After politics
Following their political career, Ziemba worked as a representative of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union in Toronto.
References
External links
1932 births
Canadian people of Polish descent
Trade unionists from Ontario
Living people
Ontario New Democratic Party MPPs
Politicians from Regina, Saskatchewan
Marshall County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 12,640. Its county seat is Lacon.
Marshall County is part of the Peoria, IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Marshall County was formed in 1839 out of Putnam County. It was named in honor of John Marshall, Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court, who died in 1835.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.9%) is water. The county is distinctly bisected by the Illinois River, splitting the county into two uneven sections.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Lacon have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1999 and a record high of was recorded in July 2005. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in May.
Major highways
Interstate 39
U.S. Highway 51
Illinois Route 17
Illinois Route 18
Illinois Route 26
Illinois Route 29
Illinois Route 40
Illinois Route 89
Illinois Route 117
Illinois Route 251
Adjacent counties
Bureau County - northwest
Putnam County - north
LaSalle County - east
Woodford County - south
Peoria County - southwest
Stark County - west
National protected area
Chautauqua National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 12,640 people, 5,161 households, and 3,549 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,914 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.1% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% black or African American, 0.2% American Indian, 1.1% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 2.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 43.0% were German, 16.7% were Irish, 14.4% were English, 7.2% were Italian, 6.2% were American, and 6.1% were Polish.
Of the 5,161 households, 27.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.7% were married couples living together, 7.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.2% were non-families, and 26.8% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.88. The median age was 44.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $49,116 and the median income for a family was $64,781. Males had a median income of $46,793 versus $28,549 for females. The per capita income for the county was $24,991. About 6.8% of families and 9.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.4% of those under age 18 and 7.0% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Henry
Lacon
Toluca
Wenona
Villages
Hopewell
La Rose
Sparland
Varna
Washburn
Unincorporated communities
Camp Grove
Hopewell Estates
La Prairie Center
Lawn Ridge
Leeds
Pattonsburg
Saratoga Center
Wilbern
Townships
Bell Plain
Bennington
Evans
Henry
Hopewell
Lacon
La Prairie
Richland
Roberts
Saratoga
Steuben
Whitefield
Politics
In its early days Marshall County was a swing county, voting for winning Whig candidate William Henry Harrison in 1840 but otherwise supporting the Democratic Party until 1852. Its reputation as a swing county was to be sustained with the growth of the Republican Party: it voted for the winning candidate in every election from 1852 to 1912 except 1884 and 1888.
Since World War I, Marshall has generally been a strongly Republican county. Only two Democrats – Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and 1936 plus Lyndon Johnson in 1964 – have gained an absolute majority in Marshall County over the past twenty-six elections, although Bill Clinton won pluralities in both their elections.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marshall County, Illinois
References
Illinois counties
1839 establishments in Illinois
Peoria metropolitan area, Illinois
Populated places established in 1839
The Happy Cricket () is a 2001 Brazilian animated fantasy film directed by Walbercy Ribas. The film is about Christopher, a happy, singing, guitar-playing, and music-loving cricket who must rescue their friends from the evil and music-hating monitor lizard, King Wartlord, and save Linda the Night Star from that villain's grasp.
Plot
Production
The title character was first seen in local commercials for Sharp Electronics in the 1980s. The film spent over 20 years in development, and 30 months in production.
The English-language dub is dedicated to one of its voice actors, the late Bob Papenbrook.
Animation
The movie was produced by StartAnima in São Paulo, Brazil. It uses both traditional animation (2D animation) and computer animation (3D animation) with Adobe After Effects (compositing and visual effects), Alias Wavefront Maya (compositing, computer animation and modeling), pencil and paper (hand-drawn animation, rotoscoping and storyboards), oil-paint and paper (background art) and Sofimage Toonz (compositing, digital ink and paint, traditional animation and video editing) were created for using software from industries Adobe Inc., Digital Video, Microsoft and Silicon Graphics.
Sequel
In early 2009, 20th Century Fox released a CGI sequel, O Grilo Feliz e os Insetos Gigantes (The Happy Cricket and the Giant Bugs).
Cast
Original version
Vagner Fagundes - Grilo
Araken Saldanha - Maledeto
Régis Monteiro - Faz Tudo
Fátima Noya - Bituquinho
Letícia Quinto - Juliana
Nelson Machado - Sapo 1
Renato Master - Sapo 2
Antonio Moreno - Sapo 3
Camila Bullara - Pouco Grilo
Jorge Barcellos - Caracol velho / Geral
Emerson Caperbat - Pai
José Soares Maya - Tucano
Isaura Gomes - Saranha
Rita de Almeida - Caracolino
Marli Bortoletto - Bacaninha
Rodrigo Andreatto - Rafael
Ursula Bezerra - Moreninha
Tatiana de S. Parra - Linda Estrela Da Noite (singing voice)
José Luiz Burato - Grilo (singing voice)
English version
Sam Riegel - Christopher The Happy Cricket
Bob Papenbrook - Wartlord
Cindy Robinson - Honeydew / Spidora
Peter Doyle (actor) - Magic Toucan / Soldier 1
Bob Buchholz - Barnaby / Sergeant
Dave Mallow - Buffuno
Steve Staley - Leonardo
Neil Kaplan - Toad 1
Dan Woren - Toad 2
Grant George - Father / Toad 3
Stephanie Sheh - Little Christopher / Sneally
Steve Kramer - Old Snail / General
Mona Marshall - Cartibella
Philece Sampler - Isabella
Tatiana de S. Parra - Linda The Night Star (singing voice)
See also
Cinema of Brazil
List of animated feature-length films
References
External links
Official sites (Flash required)
Official franchise site
Official site of Clever Image Studios
Other
2001 animated films
2001 films
2000s adventure films
Animated musical films
Animated films about insects
Brazilian animated films
Brazilian children's films
Fantasy adventure films
2000s children's animated films
2000s Portuguese-language films
Honarstan-e Kashavarzi () may refer to:
Honarstan-e Kashavarzi, Hormozgan
Honarstan-e Kashavarzi, Razavi Khorasan
A consortium is an association of two or more entities with the objective of participating in a common activity or pooling their resources for achieving a common goal. The term may also refer to:
Microbial consortium, a group of symbiotic microbes
Loss of consortium, the deprivation of the benefits of a family relationship due to injuries caused by a tortfeasor
Consortium (band), 1960s British band
Consortium (video game), a game by Interdimensional Games.
the Unicode Consortium
Library consortium, a group of coordinated libraries
Morawelon (Môrawelon) is an area and community electoral ward in the town of Holyhead, Anglesey, Wales.
In 2011 the ward had a population of 1,504.
The Eaton Electrical factory was based in Morawelon from 1961. When its closure was announced, to relocate to Eastern Europe with the loss of 265 jobs, nobody other than the workforce led the fight (unsuccessfully) to keep the factory open. It was to close by December 2009.
Electoral ward
Until 2012 the electoral ward sent a councillor to the Isle of Anglesey County Council. Following the Isle of Anglesey electoral boundary changes Morawelon became part of a larger Caergybi ward, which includes three other wards of the Holyhead community. It remains a community ward for the Holyhead Town Council.
From the 1995 elections the county ward generally elected a Labour Party county councillor, with the exception of the 2004 election when the previously Labour councillor, (John) Arwel Roberts, stood as an Independent candidate.
References
See also
List of built-up areas in Wales by population
Wards of Anglesey
Holyhead
Sneaky Pete's is a Birmingham, Alabama-based chain of hot-dog restaurants founded by Pete Graphos in 1966 and sold to the present-owner Bernard D'Amico in 1986. Sneaky Pete's corporate offices are located in Vestavia Hills, Alabama. As part of its franchise plan, many Sneaky Pete's stores are located inside gas station convenience stores under the nameplate Sneaky Pete's Express. The company has also experimented with a more upscale sit-down style restaurant with a larger menu, dubbed Sneaky Pete's Cafe. Several locations are in the Greater Birmingham area, and other stores are located throughout Alabama.
External links
Hot dog restaurants in the United States
Restaurants in Birmingham, Alabama
Companies based in Birmingham, Alabama
Regional restaurant chains in the United States
Restaurants established in 1966
1966 establishments in Alabama
Pico Mountain is a summit located in Central New York Region of New York located in the Town of Ohio in Herkimer County, northeast of Atwell. Burnt Mountain is located north of Pico Mountain.
References
Mountains of Herkimer County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Cyprian Keyes Golf Club is a golf club located in Boylston, Massachusetts. There is a 9-hole par three course, as well as an 18-hole championship course on the property. The championship course has received numerous awards and recognitions. Apart from the courses, there is also a double-ended driving range, practice greens, and a clubhouse.
References
External links
Official website
Golf clubs and courses in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Sports in Worcester County, Massachusetts
is a Japanese footballer currently playing as a defender for Vegalta Sendai.
Career statistics
Club
Notes
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Association football people from Chiba Prefecture
Japanese footballers
Association football defenders
J1 League players
J3 League players
Vegalta Sendai players
Azul Claro Numazu players
Huang Zhuo (, born 13 August 1985) is a Chinese woman cricketer. They captained the Chinese women's cricket team during the 2015 ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier. They also represented China at the 2010 Asian Games and in the 2014 Asian Games. They made their Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) debut for China on 18 February 2019 against Thailand, in the 2019 ICC Women's Qualifier Asia tournament.
References
External links
Profile at CricHQ
Profile at PCB
1985 births
Living people
Chinese women cricketers
China women Twenty20 International cricketers
Cricketers at the 2010 Asian Games
Cricketers at the 2014 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for China
Women cricket captains
In computer science, a memory map is a structure of data (which usually resides in memory itself) that indicates how memory is laid out. The term "memory map" can have different meanings in different contexts.
It is the fastest and most flexible cache organization that uses an associative memory. The associative memory stores both the address and content of the memory word.
In the boot process, a memory map is passed on from the firmware in order to instruct an operating system kernel about memory layout. It contains the information regarding the size of total memory, any reserved regions and may also provide other details specific to the architecture.
In virtual memory implementations and memory management units, a memory map refers to page tables or hardware registers, which store the mapping between a certain process's virtual memory layout and how that space relates to physical memory addresses.
In native debugger programs, a memory map refers to the mapping between loaded executable(or)library files and memory regions. These memory maps are used to resolve memory addresses (such as function pointers) to actual symbols.
PC BIOS memory map
BIOS for the IBM Personal Computer and compatibles provides a set of routines that can be used by operating system or applications to get the memory layout. Some of the available routines are:
BIOS Function: INT 0x15, AX=0xE801:
This BIOS interrupt call is used to get the memory size for 64MB+ configurations. It is supported by AMI BIOSses dated August 23, 1994 or later. The caller sets AX to 0xE801 then executes int 0x15. If some error has happened, the routine returns with CF (Carry Flag) set to 1. If no error, the routine returns with CF clear and the state of registers is described as following:
BIOS Function: INT 0x15, AX=0xE820 - GET SYSTEM MEMORY MAP:
Input:
SMAP buffer structure:
How used: The operating system shall allocate an SMAP buffer in memory (20 bytes buffer). Then set registers as specified in "Input" table. On first call, EBX should be set to 0. Next step is to call INT 0x15. If no error, the interrupt call returns with CF clear and the buffer filled with data representing first region of the memory map. EBX is updated by BIOS so that when the OS calls the routine again, The next region is returned in the buffer. BIOS sets EBX to zero if all done.
See also
BIOS
RAMMap by Mark Russinovich
References
Computer memory
Hans Maarten van den Brink (; is a Dutch journalist and writer. They were born in 1956 in Oegstgeest. They began their career as an art editor at NRC Handelsblad. They worked in Spain for a few years as foreign correspondent, which provided material for a couple of their books (The Thirty Days of Saint Isidore, on bullfighting; and Spain: Body and Soul). They also worked in television.  They are best known for their novella On the Water (1998) which was translated in many languages and won numerous literary prizes.
References
1956 births
Living people
Dutch male writers
Dutch journalists
People from Oegstgeest
Kimpese is a town in the Cataractes District of Bas-Congo province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. It lies on the main road and railway between Kinshasa and the provincial capital Matadi, at an altitude of 990 ft (301 m) above sea level.
There are tributaries of the Congo River to the north and south of the town. Kimpese has a hospital, medical training centre, high school, technical training institute and an agricultural college. The 400 bed Kimpese hospital serves 150,000 people in the local area and another 600,000 in the surrounding district. The town also contains an office of the UNHCR, which provides assistance to the nearly 60,000 Angolan refugees in Kongo Central province. Kimpeses population is approximately 40,000; and although DRC is a mainly catholic country, the town has a Protestant majority.
See also
Railway stations in DRCongo
References
Populated places in Kongo Central
In Search of Happiness () is a 2005 Russian documentary film that poetically follows the lives of Boris and Masha Rak, Soviet Jews who in 1934 moved to the Jewish Autonomous Oblast (JAO) created by the Soviet government in Russian Far East. The film won the Best Documentary award in the Russian Film Festival in 2006.
The Jewish population of the JAO never reached 30% and as of 2003 it was only about 1.2%. The population of the capital, Birobidzan, has dwindled. The city's only Birobidzhan Synagogue holds services twice a week.
Summary
The film shows Boris's and Masha's modest life, without modern technology, relying on each other's hard work to survive. Rak is the chairperson of Birobidzhan's last collective farm, which excessive rain has reduced to a swampland. For Rak, the puddles have become "a memorial to their life's work."
The two also raise animals, which are all given the names of political leaders.
"No one wants to invest any money in this city, because they don't want two homelands,” one of the only practicing Jews in Birobidzhan explains, “Jews in Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Kyiv all receive money. But the only money we get is to help the Jews who are here to leave.”
The documentary stresses human vulnerability. Nature has reduced the once prosperous communal farm into a swampy, puddled mush. Physical handicaps and old age cripple the people that the film follows, and it is clear that their expectations of the Jewish Republic have been met by disappointment. Despite being subjected to the negative effects of rain, aging, politics, and other's people's decisions, Rak and Masha continue to persevere.
Accolades
Winner, Best Documentary in the Russian Film Festival, 2006
Honorable Mention in the Cinema du Reel Film Festival, 2006
Official Selection in the Leipzig Festival for Documentary Films, 2006
Official Selection Docpoint Film Festival, 2006
See also
Jewish State
History of the Jews in Serbia
Secular Jewish culture
List of Czech and Slovak Jews
Progressive Jewish Thought and the New Anti-Semitism
History of the Jews in Russia and the Soviet Union
Antisemitism and Joseph Stalin
Jews and Judaism in the Jewish Autonomous Oblast
Other documentaries about Jewish communities outside of Israel:
Jews of Iran
Next Year in Argentina
The Jewish Steppe
References
External links
The Jewish Channel's review of In Search of Happiness
Director Alexander Gutman's essay
Stalin and Zionism
Marxist and Socialist anti-Semitism and Early Anti-Zionism
Mass media in the Jewish Autonomous Oblast
2005 films
Documentary films about Jews and Judaism
Documentary films about refugees
Russian documentary films
2005 documentary films
Hamid Dizdar (22 February 1907 – 17 July 1967) was a Bosnian writer and poet. Their younger brother Mak Dizdar was also a prominent poet.
Hamid Dizdar was born to a Muslim Bosniak family in Stolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina, de facto part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, but de jure in the Ottoman Empire until the following year. They were the son of Muharem (died 1923) and Nezira (née Babović; 1881–1945). Hamid was the oldest of three children. Their younger brother Mehmedalija went on to become a celebrated poet, known by the name Mak Dizdar. Hamid's sister Refika (1921–1945) and mother Nezira were killed in the Jasenovac concentration camp.
Dizdar worked as a clerk in their hometown Stolac before becoming an editor in Sarajevo for the newspapers "Slobodna riječ", "Jugoslavenska pošta", "Pravda", and "Gajret". After the Second World War, Dizdar became the Director of the Archives of the City of Sarajevo. They edited the magazines "Odjek", "Vidik" and "Život". They began writing poetry while working as a social writer, and appeared in Knjiga drugova (Book of Comrades) in 1929.
Bibliography
Arabeske
Kasaba šapče
Zapisi u kamenu
Obasjane staze
Niko se ne vraća
Proljeće u Hercegovini
References
1907 births
1967 deaths
People from Stolac
Bosniaks of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia and Herzegovina Muslims
Bosnia and Herzegovina writers
Bosniak writers
Yugoslav writers
Bosnia and Herzegovina poets
Bosniak poets
Yugoslav poets
Craig M. Phelps is the president and provost of A.T. Still University, a professional health science school located in Kirksville, Missouri, and Mesa, Arizona. As provost, Dr. Phelps oversees the A.T. Still University School of Osteopathic Medicine in Arizona, Arizona School of Health Sciences and the Arizona School of Dentistry and Oral Health. Phelps graduated from medical school from A.T. Still University KCOM in 1984. Dr. Phelps is the recipient of the 2006 KOAA Distinguished Service Award, ATSU's George Windsor Award in 2007, and Health Care Heroes Finalist in 2008. Also in 2008 they were a Living Tribute Award Recipient.
On February 4, 2012, the Board of Trustees of A.T. Still University named Dr. Phelps as the next president of the University to replace W. Jack Magruder effective July 1, 2012. An announcement sent to the University stated, in part, "Dr. Phelps, a 1984 graduate of ATSU's Kirksville College of Osteopathic Medicine, became Provost of the University's Arizona campus in 1998, where they led the team that developed the campus and its three academic units: the Arizona School of Health Sciences, the Arizona School of Dentistry & Oral Health, and the School of Osteopathic Medicine in Arizona. In 2010, Dr. Phelps became the University's first Executive Vice President for Strategic Initiatives; they have been working with Dr. Magruder and key ATSU leaders to develop the Missouri School of Dentistry & Oral Health, as well as other programs."
In addition to their ATSU responsibilities, Dr. Phelps serves on the American Osteopathic Academy of Sports Medicine, the Society of NBA (National Basketball Association) Team Physicians, the Greater Phoenix Economic Council, and the Greater Phoenix Leadership Council. They were the primary care team physician of the NBA Phoenix Suns and the WNBA Phoenix Mercury, the company physician of the Ballet Arizona and team physician of several Phoenix-area colleges. They also serve on the board of directors of the Valley of the Sun YMCA and the Board of Managers of the Ross Farnsworth-East Valley YMCA.
Dr. Phelps was named the National Basketball Athletic Trainers Association (NBATA) Physician of the Year for 2010-2011. The award is an annual honor voted on by the members of the NBATA, designed to recognize a team physician for exceptional service and care for his/her respective team and visiting NBA teams, and also a commitment to the serve in the community and to NBATA charities.
References
External links
http://www.atsu.edu
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
A. T. Still University faculty
American osteopathic physicians
The men's hammer throw event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 22 and 23 July. A 7257g (senior implement) hammer was used.
Medalists
Results
Final
23 July
Qualifications
22 Jul
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 28 athletes from 19 countries participated in the event.
References
Hammer throw
Hammer throws at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Pen-Lon is a village in the community of Rhosyr, Ynys Môn, Wales, located just south east of the larger village of Newborough. Attractions in the locality include the island's model village (miniature park)
The nearest railway station is Bodorgan, five miles away and the 42 bus from Llangefni to Bangor runs through the village.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
The Queiles is an effluent of the Ebro. Its arises in Vozmediano (Soria). It flows through Tarazona and empties into the Ebro near Tudela, Navarre.
See also
List of rivers of Spain
Rivers of Spain
Rivers of Castile and León
Rivers of Navarre
Rivers of Aragon
Hilary Jane Armstrong, Baroness Armstrong of Hill Top, (born 30 November 1945) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for North West Durham from 1987 to 2010.
Early life
Armstrong was born on 30 November 1945 to Hannah P. Lamb and Ernest Armstrong, a Labour Party politician. They attended Monkwearmouth Grammar School before going on to take a BSc in sociology at West Ham Technical Institute (now the University of East London) and a Diploma in Social Work from the University of Birmingham. A former social worker and university lecturer, Armstrong worked for VSO in Kenya before entering politics. They were first elected as Durham County Councillor for Crook North Division in 1985.
They were shortlisted for the vacant Sedgefield constituency in 1983, only to lose out to Tony Blair, who went on to be elected MP. Four years later, at the 1987 general election, they were elected to their father's North West Durham seat on their retirement, increasing their majority by 3,806 to 10,162.
Parliamentary career
Armstrong was parliamentary private secretary to John Smith during their time as Labour leader, and played a large part in their successful fight to institute One member, one vote at Labour's party conference.
Armstrong was seen as a politician on the right of the Labour Party, and was close politically to them near neighbour Tony Blair and the New Labour agenda. However, they are also a member of the Amicus trades union (formerly MSF). Them union ties helped them gain support in rewriting Clause IV.
In the 1992 general election, Armstrong retained their North West Durham constituency by defeating two future party leaders, Theresa May of the Conservatives, who became Prime Minister in 2016, and Tim Farron of the Liberal Democrats.
In government
Armstrong spent two years as Minister for Housing and Planning and four years as Minister for Local Government in the Department for the Environment, Transport, and the Regions and then the Department for Transport, Local Government, and the Regions, before being promoted into the Cabinet of the United Kingdom as Chief Whip after the 2001 election. This was the high point of a political career which was low-key but generally successful; though they endured controversies over select committee membership and over allegations of strong arm tactics with Labour dissenters over military action in Afghanistan.
Armstrong also faced criticism after government defeats in the Commons over the length of time suspected terrorists could be detained without charge, and incitement to religious hatred provisions in the Prevention of Terrorism Act 2005. Press commentators speculated that in losing these votes through miscalculating government support, and in one instance letting the Prime Minister off the "Whip" because they believed the vote was won, Armstrong's position had become vulnerable. However the rumours that they would resign the post proved unfounded.
Afterwards, Conservative leader David Cameron mocked Armstrong during an exchange with Tony Blair, saying "She must be the first Chief Whip in history to put the Prime Minister in the frame for losing a key vote—which is an interesting career move, to say the least." This was the second time David Cameron had attacked them during Prime Minister's Questions; on their debut as Leader of the Opposition on 7 December 2005, Cameron singled them out by saying, "That's the problem with these exchanges—the chief whip on the Labour side shouting like a child. Are they finished? Are you finished?"
On 5 May 2006 Armstrong was appointed Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, Minister for the Cabinet Office and Minister for Social Exclusion. In 2006, Armstrong launched a petition on behalf of the Bethnal Green and Bow Labour Party against Labour turned Respect MP George Galloway's participation in Channel 4's Celebrity Big Brother. They criticised Galloway for being paid as an MP during the time they were in the Big Brother house. Galloway responded by saying they planned to refund the taxpayer after their exit from the show as they would not know how much to refund until then.
They formally resigned from the government on 27 June 2007 when Tony Blair resigned as Prime Minister, they were succeeded by Ed Miliband the following day. On becoming Prime Minister, Gordon Brown announced Armstrong's appointment as Chair of a Parliamentary Labour Party Manifesto Committee drawing up policy ideas covering children.
Post-Government
On 4 July 2009, Armstrong announced their intention to stand down at the 2010 general election.
On 18 June 2010, they were created a life peer as Baroness Armstrong of Hill Top, of Crook in the County of Durham, and was introduced in the House of Lords on 6 July 2010.
They were interviewed in 2014 as part of The History of Parliament's oral history project.
 They are a member of the Joint Committee on the Draft Domestic Abuse Bill.
On 19 July 2019, Armstrong's North West Durham constituency party voted to expel them from the party after they and 67 other Labour peers published an advert in The Guardian on 17 July claiming that Jeremy Corbyn had “failed the test of leadership” over their handling of antisemitism complaints within Labour. However, the vote was non-binding as only the National Executive has the mandate to expel members.  They are a member of Labour Friends of Israel.
Personal life
Armstrong is married to Paul Corrigan.
References
External links
Hilary Armstrong MP official site
10 Downing Street – Hilary Armstrong official biography
North West Durham Labour Party – Hilary Armstrong MP official site
East London Futures
UEL Alumni Event – Hilary Armstrong
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1945 births
Living people
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
Alumni of the University of East London
British Methodists
Deputy Lieutenants of Durham
Female members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Female members of the Cabinet of the United Kingdom
Chancellors of the Duchy of Lancaster
Labour Party (UK) life peers
Life peeresses created by Elizabeth II
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Labour Friends of Israel
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
UK MPs 1997–2001
UK MPs 2001–2005
UK MPs 2005–2010
20th-century British women politicians
21st-century British women politicians
People educated at Monkwearmouth School
Pick Your Poison may refer to:
"Pick Your Poison" (Good Girls)
"Pick Your Poison" (Batwoman)
Pick Your Poison (album)
David Hubbick (born 16 March 1960) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Wimbledon and Colchester United.
Career
Born in South Shields, Hubbick started their career at Ipswich Town. They began playing in the reserves in the 1976–77 season, making their reserve debut on 21 April 1977 as a substitute in a 3–1 defeat at Bristol City reserve. They signed a contract at the club in January 1978 and although they became a regular in the reserves, they never made a first team appearance. They signed for Wimbledon for £5,000 in September 1980, where they played 26 games for the club, before dropping into non-League with Gravesend & Northfleet in 1982.
After a spell with Dagenham, they returned to professional football with Colchester United in 1983. However, they made only 15 appearances for the club, and signed for Sudbury Town in 1985. Whilst at Sudbury they played at Wembley Stadium in the 1989 FA Vase final, scoring Sudbury's goal in a 1–1 draw, and was named man of the match. They later played for Cornard United and Woodbridge Town, who they managed between 1997 and 2003. They went on to manage Stowmarket Town, before resigning in January 2008.
Honours
Club
Sudbury Town
FA Vase Runner-up (1): 1988–89
References
1960 births
Sportspeople from South Shields
English footballers
Ipswich Town F.C. players
Wimbledon F.C. players
Ebbsfleet United F.C. players
Dagenham F.C. players
Colchester United F.C. players
Sudbury Town F.C. players
Cornard United F.C. players
Woodbridge Town F.C. players
English football managers
Woodbridge Town F.C. managers
Stowmarket Town F.C. managers
Living people
Association football forwards
People from South Shields
The Port Huron Pirates were a professional indoor football team based in Port Huron, Michigan. The team was a charter member of the Great Lakes Indoor Football League (GLIFL) joining the league in 2006 as an expansion team. The Pirates were the first professional indoor football team to be based in Port Huron. They played their home games at McMorran Arena in Port Huron, Michigan.
The Pirates are the only team to never lose a regular season game in the history of the Continental Indoor Football League, going 22–0 for the only two years that the team existed.
Franchise history
2006
In their inaugural season, Pirates owner hired Brian Hug to be the head coach. the Pirates went undefeated (10–0), defeated the Battle Creek Crunch in the semifinals, and won the inaugural Great Lakes Bowl I 40–34 over the Rochester Raiders, with RB Rayshawn Askew winning the game's MVP title. Over 2,500 fans witnessed the game, marking one of the biggest crowds to watch a sporting event at McMorran Place. Adding some more great news was the fact that QB Shane Franzer was named the inaugural GLIFL MVP of the All-Star game and Rayshawn Askew was named the inaugural GLIFL Running Back of the Year.
Standings
2007
After the season, head coach Brian Hug left the Pirates to become head coach of the Pahrump Valley High School football team. The Pirates went on to promote assistant Karl Featherstone as their new head coach. In March 2007, Hug was hired by the Las Vegas Gladiators as an assistant offensive/defensive line coach. Featherstone got the team off to a fast start as they defeated the Miami Valley Silverbacks, 54–7, en route to another perfect regular season.
Unfortunately, at halftime of the May 26 game against Marion, in front of an announced crowd of 1,216 fans, the team announced this would be their final season in Port Huron, as they could no longer pay the bills with such lackluster attendance. Speculated relocation cities included Binghamton, New York, Flint, Michigan, and one other Michigan city.
Afterwards, the team announced they would be playing their playoff games at the Perani Arena and Event Center in Flint, Michigan. They were using the playoffs as a test of the arena and the city of Flint for potential relocation. They then renamed themselves The Michigan Pirates for the rest of the season.
After winning their first 26 games, the team finally met their Waterloo in the 2007 CIFL Indoor Championship Game, losing to long-time rival Rochester Raiders by a score of 37–27 at Rochester's Blue Cross Arena.
After an offseason of uncertainty regarding whether the team would return, the CIFL moved the Port Huron Pirates from the "Active Teams" section of their message board to the "Defunct Teams" section of their message board, indicating the team has left the league. It was later confirmed by league officials that The Pirates were no more, as Peter Norager sold the team to the owner of Perani Arena and the team was renamed the Flint Phantoms.
Schedule
Standings
Logos and uniforms
The logo featured a fierce pirate, symbolic of the surrounding Great Lake Huron. In the background is a depiction of the Fort Gratiot Lighthouse.
Players of note
Roster
Awards and honors
The following is a list of all Port Huron/Michigan Pirates players who won GLIFL/CIFL Awards.
Head coaches
Season-by-season results
References
Former Continental Indoor Football League teams
American football teams in Michigan
Port Huron, Michigan
Sports in Flint, Michigan
American football teams established in 2006
American football teams disestablished in 2007
2006 establishments in Michigan
2007 disestablishments in Michigan
MS Moby Otta is a cruiseferry, currently owned by the Italy-based shipping company Moby Lines and operated on their Genoa–Olbia service. They were built in 1976 by Flender Werke, Lübeck, West Germany as MS Tor Scandinavia for Tor Line. Between 1991 and 2006 they sailed as MS Princess of Scandinavia.
History
Tor Line service
Tor Line had been established in 1966 by two Swedish companies to operate car-passenger services between Sweden, England and the Netherlands with modern car-passenger ferries. By the early 1970s Tor Line had essentially defeated their main competitors on the route, Rederi AB Svea and Swedish Lloyd. To consolidate their leading position the company decided to order a pair of new state-of-the-art ferries for the service. The new ships were to be the fastest ferries in the world, as well as largest, except for the Soviet Union's Belorussiya class ships.
The first sister, MS Tor Britannia, was delivered in May 1975. Just a month earlier the keel had been laid for the second sister, to be called MS Tor Scandinavia. Tor Scandinavia was eventually delivered on April 12, 1976. The two ships revolutionized trans-North Sea traffic, being capable of speeds in excess of 27 knots and offering services hitherto unknown on ferries in that route. Although technically modern in many ways, the ships' exteriors were quite traditional in their style, reminiscent more of ocean liners than ferries. The sole exception to this were two massive loading ramps in the rear of the ship, which were necessary as the ships had no forward car-gate (just a small car door on the forward starboard side for upper car deck exit only) for safety reasons.
For all of its service with Tor Line, the Tor Scandinavia alternated with its sister on the routes Gothenburg–Immingham (later Felixstowe) and Gothenburg–Amsterdam. Already in autumn 1976 the ship had their first major accident, when they ran into a major storm on the North Sea. Nine windows were smashed and the ship started taking in water from the forward air intakes on the superstructure. Eventually the ship arrived in Amsterdam approximately 18 hours behind schedule.
It soon turned out there weren't in fact enough passengers for both new ships during the winter season. As a result, Tor Line chartered the Tor Scandinavia as an expo-ship in January–February 1979 (to Holland Expo for use in the Middle East), again in January–April 1980 (to Scan-Arab Expo for a fair cruise around the Middle East and Asia) and again in December 1980 – April 1981 (again to Holland Expo for use in the Middle East). The winter passenger numbers weren't the only problem, and Tor Line started looking to form a partnership with another shipping company. In January 1980 Sessan Tor Line was formed as a collaborative company between Tor Line and Sessan Line, another Swedish company that had traffic between Gothenburg and Frederikshavn, Denmark. As a result, Sessan Line's mermaid-logo was added alongside Tor Line's logo in the Tor ships' funnels. Sessan Tor Line proved to be short-lived however, and in April 1981 the collaboration ended.
DFDS / Scandinavian Seaways service
In December 1981 Tor Line was sold to the Danish company DFDS. The only immediate change for Tor Scandinavia was that their homeport was altered from Gothenburg to Esbjerg, Denmark. They soon received DFDS's white hull and dark funnel colours (as opposed to the dark hull and white funnel of Tor Line), however they were officially marketed as a DFDS Tor Line ship due to the good reputation of Tor Line in Sweden. Between October 1982 and February 1983 Tor Scandinavia was again chartered as an expo-ship to Dutch companies. This time their name was temporarily changed to MS World Wide Expo and they sailed extensively in Asia and the Middle East. After the end of the charter they returned to Sweden–England traffic, although the English terminus was altered from Felixstowe to Harwich. Later in the same year DFDS decided to abandon the line to Amsterdam completely, and use only one ship—Tor Scandinavia—on the Gothenburg to Harwich route, whereas the Tor Britannia sailed from Harwich to Esbjerg. In 1981, Tor Scandinavia also starred in the BBC soap opera Triangle, which was shot entirely on board the ship. For the second and third series the DFDS ship, MS Dana Anglia was used instead due to a greater amount of time in port which made recording easier.
In 1988 DFDS adopted a new marketing name, Scandinavian Seaways, for their passenger division. As a result, the Tor Scandinavia was painted in a new, attractive white-and-blue livery, but the change also meant disappearance of the name Tor Line from their hull. However, they and their sister did still retain their original names. In the same year the ship was moved to Danish International Shipregistry, which meant less operational costs for the company.
In 1989 Scandinavian Seaways decided to start trafficking from Gothenburg to Amsterdam again, so from February 1989 onwards Tor Scandinavia alternated on the routes Gothenburg–Harwich and Gothenburg–Amsterdam. In September of the same year a fire broke out on board during a crossing to Harwich, and the ship was forced to sail to Esbjerg instead. From there they continued to Nobiskrug, Rendsburg, Germany for repairs. During the 1990 summer season the ship's route was altered to Gothenburg–Newcastle, and from August 1990 onwards to Gothenburg–Harwich–Esbjerg, alongside the old Gothenburg–Amsterdam service.
During January and February 1991 the Tor Scandinavia was rebuilt at Blohm + Voss, Hamburg, Germany. After the rebuilding they received a new name, MS Princess of Scandinavia, to bring their name in-line with Scandinavian Seaways' other ships (her sister had been renamed MS Prince of Scandinavia a few months earlier). In 1994 the ship occasionally sailed between Kristiansand, Norway, and IJmuiden, the Netherlands. In June of the same year problems with one of the propellers meant the ship's speed was limited to . While docked in Kristiansand to fix the problem the ship capsized, causing extensive damage.
To conform to new safety regulations the Princess of Scandinavia was rebuilt with side sponsons in January–March 1998 at Gdańsk Shipyard, Gdańsk, Poland. From the same year onwards their itineraries also changed somewhat: they served Gothenburg–Harwich all year round, but alongside that they served Gothenburg–Copenhagen during the winter season and Gothenburg–Newcastle during the summer season. In 1999 DFDS abandoned the marketing name Scandinavian Seaways and the company name reverted to DFDS Seaways. In March 2000 the ship's itineraries were changed again, from thereon they served Gothenburg–Kristiansand–Newcastle all year round. The route change was partially dictated by the end of tax free sales in intra-EU traffic, as calling in Norway allowed the continuation of tax free sales on board.
During a crossing to Kristiansand in the night between May 17 and 18, 2002, a fire broke out in the ship's engine room between the two main engines and spread to the funnel. The fire was put in the morning of the 18th, and the ship could continue its journey towards Kristiansand. Between May 21 and June 14 the ship was repaired at Fredericia shipyard, Fredericia, Denmark, after which they were back in normal traffic.
The ship spent January 2004 laid up in Gothenburg where their interiors were brought up to date. In January 2005 they were again rebuilt, this time with a new sprinkler system and catalytic converters, and their cabins and public areas were upgraded. However, despite these changes the end was near for the ship's service with DFDS. They spent January 2006 laid up in Gothenburg, after which they momentarily served on the Newcastle–IJmuiden route during the time when MS Duke of Scandinavia had already been chartered to Brittany Ferries, but their replacement MS King of Scandinavia was not yet ready for service. After this brief stint on the Dutch service Princess returned to Gothenburg–Kristiansand–Newcastle service. At this time (possibly earlier?) a 23-hour cruise from Gothenburg to Kristiansand and back was done every Friday.
On September 6, 2006 DFDS Seaways reported that it had purchased MS Fjord Norway from the Norway-based Fjord Line, and would be continuing the ship's traffic from the UK to Norway. As a result of this the Princess of Scandinavia was sold and would stop trading for DFDS on 1 November of the same year. The buyer was later revealed to be Italian Moby Lines, who had already bought the Princess' sister in 2003. When the Princess of Scandinavia was taken out of service, it marked the end of 160 years of direct passenger ship traffic between Sweden and Great Britain (apart from the years during WW2 when then this route was also closed). The vessel was withdrawn due to its age and high fuel consumption.
Moby Lines service
On 2 November 2006 Moby Lines took over the Princess of Scandinavia in Frederikshavn, Denmark, and they were renamed M/S Moby Otta. Between November 2006 and May 2007 they were rebuilt with a higher car-capacity and their cabin arrangements were altered. Originally, it was reported that the Moby Otta would open a new route for Moby Lines, connecting Genoa and Porto Torres. With their sister MS Moby Drea they serve on the Livorno–Genoa route from the end of May until the end of October.
In September 2010, two tourists were killed in an accident as a vehicle ramp was moved whilst they were driving off the Moby Otta in Genoa.
References
External links
Tor Scandinavia at Fakta om Fartyg
Tor Scandinavia at Simplon Postcards
Moby Lines company website
Cruiseferries
Ships built in Lübeck
1975 ships
Creative city is an urban planning concept.
Creative City or Creative Cities may refer to:
Creative City, Emirati economic zone
Chiang Mai Creative City, A Thailand project
Creative Cities, an international project designed and managed by the British Council
Creative Cities Network, a project under the patronage of UNESCO
The Creative City, a 1995 book by Charles Landry, influential for the "creative city" concept
See also
Creative economy (economic system)
James "Jim" Stevens (born July 16, 1984 in Würzburg) is a German-born American soccer player who last played for Real Maryland Monarchs in the USL Second Division.
Career
College
Stevens grew up in Clifton, Virginia, attended Centreville High School, and played four years of college soccer at Lehigh University, where they were a Second-Team All-Patriot League selection junior. At 6'7", they were one of the tallest players in college soccer, which earned them the nickname "Tall" among the Lehigh players.
Professional
Stevens began their professional career in 2006 when they signed with the Harrisburg City Islanders in the USL Second Division. They made their professional debut on June 3, 2006 in a 3-0 win over the Long Island Rough Riders.
Stevens dropped down a division to play for the Northern Virginia Royals as an over age player in the USL Premier Development League in 2007, and stayed with the Royals for two seasons before moving back to USL2 with the Real Maryland Monarchs in 2009.
External links
Real Maryland Monarchs bio
Lehigh bio
References
1984 births
Living people
American soccer players
Penn FC players
Lehigh Mountain Hawks men's soccer players
Northern Virginia Royals players
Midland-Odessa Sockers FC players
Real Maryland F.C. players
USL League Two players
USL Second Division players
Sportspeople from Fairfax County, Virginia
People from Clifton, Virginia
Association football forwards
Colin Kerr Donnelly (born 5 September 1959) is a Scottish runner who was the British fell running champion three times and finished second in the World Mountain Running Trophy.
Early life
Donnelly is a son of Raymond Donnelly, a sometime racing cyclist. Colin attended Eastwood High School, Newton Mearns and was a member of the Cambuslang Harriers. They showed some talent as a youngster, winning the Galloway and Renfrewshire Schools under-19s cross country championships. Their first hill race was at Ben Lomond in 1978. The following year, they won the Ben Nevis Race and in 1980 finished a close second in the Three Peaks Race. They graduated in Arts from the University of Aberdeen.
Running career
The peak of Donnelly's running career was in the late 1980s. In 1986 they had another victory at Ben Nevis in one of the fastest times ever recorded for the race. They won the British Fell Running Championships three consecutive times from 1987 to 1989 and in 1988, they won the Snowdon Race.
Also in 1988, they set a record for the traverse of the Welsh 3000s with a time of 4:19 which stood until 2019 when it was beaten by Finlay Wild. Donnelly has also won the Welsh 1000 m Peaks Race many times.
Donnelly finished second in the short race at the World Mountain Running Trophy in 1989. As a veteran, they won global titles at the World Masters Mountain Running Championships in the over-40 category in 2001 and as an over-60 runner in 2019.
They held the course record for the Buckden Pike Race from 1988 to 2022, and still holds the Shelf Moor Race record, set in 1989. They continued to win races as late as 2017, thirty-eight years after their first Ben Nevis win.
They have completed the Bob Graham, Paddy Buckley and Ramsay Rounds, as well as the South Wales 2,000ers.
References
External links
Calum Muskett on Vimeo: Colin Donnelly – Welsh 3000ers record (not filmed during the record run itself but on the route the following year).
1959 births
Living people
People educated at Eastwood High School, Newton Mearns
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
British fell runners
British male mountain runners
Scottish male long-distance runners
Place of birth missing (living people)
Sportspeople from East Renfrewshire
Thomas Lupton (16281684) was a founding settler of Norwalk, Connecticut. Their name appears in the early records of the settlement, but little is known, and their name also disappears soon thereafter. They apparently came to Norwalk in 1655 from the New Haven Colony. They were named a freeman in 1664.
They settled on home-lot number 27, which was toward the rear of the main line of lots in the settlement. Their daughter Hannah married Ebenezer Blakeley. Hannah and Ebenezer had a daughter also named Hannah who married John Nash, and together are the ancestors of prominent Nash family of Norwalk.
In July 1668, they were chosen by the settlement congregation to look after the children during church services, so as to keep "them from playing and unssivil behavior in time of public worship".
 They are listed on the Founders Stone bearing the names of the founding settlers of Norwalk in the East Norwalk Historical Cemetery.
References
1628 births
1684 deaths
American Puritans
Founding settlers of Norwalk, Connecticut
People from New Haven, Connecticut
People of colonial Connecticut
The flag of Mauritania () is a green field containing a gold star and crescent, with a red stripe at the top and bottom of the field. The original national flag was introduced under the instructions of President Moktar Ould Daddah and the constitution of 22 March 1959 and was adopted on 1 April 1959.
On 5 August 2017, a referendum was held by president Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz to change the national flag, abolish the senate, and other constitutional amendments. The referendum was successful, and the new flag, including two red stripes, which represent "the efforts and sacrifices that the people of Mauritania will keep consenting, to the price of their blood, to defend their territory", was adopted in time for its first raising on 28 November 2017, the 57th anniversary of Mauritania's independence.
It is one of the two flags of a currently Arabic-speaking country (the other being Egypt) that uses a shade of yellow. Also, like Egypt, the yellow colour is used in the central emblem (The crescent for Mauritania's flag and the Eagle of Saladin for Egypt's flag).
Design
Green, gold and red are considered Pan-African. Green is also used to symbolise Islam, and the gold is for the sands of the Sahara desert. The red stripes, which were added to the flag in 2017, represent "the efforts and sacrifices that the people of Mauritania will keep consenting, to the price of their blood, to defend their territory". The crescent and star are symbols of Islam, which is Mauritania's state religion. There was no official specification or construction sheet for the exact relative measurements of the star and crescent, except the flag's measurements of 2:3, until May 2020.
Specifications
According to Kennach (government portal of Mauritania), the flag's elements are specified as:
Proportion = 2 : 3 and all following ratios are to width of the flag
Width of red stripes = 20%
Width of green area = 60%
Width of the area of star and crescent = 40%
Distance between lower red stripe and lower portion of the crescent = 10%
Diameter of outer circle of the crescent = 75% (50% of length of the flag)
Maximum width of the crescent = 10.2%
Distance between maximum width of the crescent and base of the star = 10.7%
Horns of the crescent are the left and right portions of outer circle
Distance between upper red stripe and perpendicular vertex of the star = 10%
Height of the star = 19.1% (i.e. diameter of the star becomes 21.1164%)
Use
The design acts as the national flag of Mauritania and is also used in circular form as an aircraft roundel.
Variants
Although the constitutional amendments only mentioned the addition of red bands, officials have been using different flag's models between the change in 2017 and the official construction sheet released in 2020.
Legal basis
The current constitution of 12 July 1991 specifies that:
Unlike the seal, the exact flag is specified, not merely the right for a law to specify it at some later date. However, the flag has its official basis in the earlier constitution of 22 March 1959; no changes were made when the country declared its independence in 1960.
New flag in 2017
In 2017, a red band at the top and bottom were added to symbolise "the efforts and sacrifices that the people of Mauritania will keep consenting, to the price of their blood, to defend their territory", in a referendum on 5 August 2017, scheduled by president Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz which contained among other constitutional amendments a modification of the national flag and anthem. First scheduled as part of a single vote, these changes proved controversial enough for them to be made into a separate vote the same day as the vote on institutions.
See also
Seal of Mauritania
National anthem of Mauritania
References
External links
National symbols of Mauritania
Mauritania
Mauritania
Mauritania
Mauritania
Mauritania
Kurt Welsch (21 June 1917 – 14 October 1981) was a German international footballer.
References
1917 births
1981 deaths
Association football defenders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Borussia Neunkirchen players
Mairead Berry (born 1975) is a former Irish Paralympic swimmer who competed in international level events.
In 2001, Berry officially launched and named a 50,000-ton ship, MV Ulysses at a special ceremony Dublin Port.
References
1975 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Dublin (city)
Paralympic swimmers of Ireland
Swimmers at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Swimmers at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 1992 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic medalists in swimming
Paralympic gold medalists for Ireland
Paralympic silver medalists for Ireland
Irish female freestyle swimmers
S2-classified Paralympic swimmers
Dysard Dageago (born 24 October 1994) is a Nauruan sprinter. In 2017, they competed in the men's 100 metres event at the 2017 World Athletics Championships in London, United Kingdom. They competed in the preliminary round and they did not advance to compete in the heats.
References
External links
Living people
1994 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Nauruan male sprinters
World Athletics Championships athletes for Nauru
Lissus or Lissos () could be:
Lissus (Crete), an ancient Greek city in Crete
Lissos (Illyria), an ancient city in Illyria, the present day city of Lezhë in Albania
Lissus, a river in Thrace
Lissus, the father of the ancient epic poet, Idaeus of Rhodes
Sarah Jane Robinson (née Tennant; May 26, 1838 – January 3, 1906), known as The Boston Borgia, was an Irish-born American serial killer who poisoned their family members and other people from 1881 to 1886, with the help of their accomplices Thomas R. Smith and Dr. Charles C. Beers. They were initially sentenced to death for the poisoning of their brother-in-law, but the verdict was later changed to life imprisonment, with Robinson dying behind bars.
Early life
Sarah Jane Robinson was born in Newtonhamilton, Ireland, and immigrated to Massachusetts with their sister when they were fourteen or fifteen years old. They married Moses Robinson in July 1858. Over the course of their marriage, the couple had eight children, five of whom survived infancy. They initially settled in Sherborn, Massachusetts, moving around the Boston area throughout their marriage. Robinson became a member of the Cottage Street Methodist Church, where they later on would meet their future partner-in-crime: Thomas R. Smith, a prominent church leader and one-time superintendent of the local Sunday school in Hyde Park. Both of them were well known in the community, with Robinson standing out for them constantly changing addresses in order to avoid paying rent and other bills.
Discovery of crimes
From 1881 and 1886, several members of the Robinson family passed away from mysterious illnesses, all with similar symptoms such as excruciating stomach pain and vomiting. Each time, the sickly were attended to by Sarah Jane Robinson, who supervised the administration of all medicine. When the victims eventually needed medical attention, Robinson called a different physician each time. Curiously, all of the deceased except for Oliver Sleeper had life insurance policies through the United Order of Pilgrim Fathers. Mr. Sleeper, the Robinson's landlord, was nursed by Sarah Jane during their illness, and died of what, at the time, was deemed heart disease. They tried to bill the family $50 for nursing services. They instead gave them a break on their rent. Their family discovered $3000 missing from their apartment. Though it was never proven, it was assumed that Sarah Jane stole it.
Already the deaths of Robinson's eldest daughter Elizabeth (24) and their nephew Thomas Freeman (7) had caused suspicion and were under investigation, but the breaking point came when their son, William, was taken sick with the previous symptoms. Although they died shortly, they still managed to point at their mother as the one responsible for their condition. Using this knowledge, Dr. White preserved parts of William's stomach for later analysis at Harvard College, which revealed large quantities of arsenic. White then informed the authorities, who swiftly arrested Robinson and Smith, who had just arrived at the house. After a quick prayer for the mother and the son, the duo were taken to the police station for questioning.
Further charges, trial and sentence
While the police were still investigating, they made one further arrest: that of Dr. Charles C. Beers, of Boston. In October 1886, the trio were indicted for William and Lizzie's murders, with all of them pleading not guilty on every charge at their arraignment on December 14, 1886. Then, surprisingly, in January 1887, the grand jury revealed four more indictments against Sarah Jane for the killings of Oliver Sleeper, Sarah's husband Moses, their brother-in-law Prince Arthur Freeman, and little Thomas Freeman. During this whole ordeal, Robinson tried to feign insanity, but this was later refuted by Dr. Kelly of the McLean Asylum.
Before the trial started, a noelle prosequi was entered by Attorney General A. J. Waterman, dismissing the charges against Thomas Smith and Charles Beers. On December 13, 1887, the trial against Sarah Jane for the murder of their son, William, began. The six-day long trial was followed by twenty-four hours of jury deliberation and resulted in a hung jury. On February 6, 1888, Sarah Jane was put on trial for the murder of their brother-in-law, Prince Arthur Freeman. On February 11, 1888, Sarah Jane Robinson was convicted of murdering Prince Freeman and sentenced to death by hanging. The following year, when Robinson's house had already been sold at auction and the new owner was making improvements, a box of rat poison was discovered behind the furnace, in a hole of the cellar wall, which was quickly tied back to Robinson.
After their sentence was announced, and despite the fact a majority of the public disdained her, a petition was started to commute Robinson's sentence. Although the Governor's Council allegedly was against such a decision, they later decided to indeed commute the sentence to life in prison, much to the surprise of both the press and the citizens of Boston. Robinson died behind bars on January 3, 1906.
Victims
All but one of Robinson's victims were poisoned with the aim of collecting insurance money. They poisoned:
Oliver Sleeper, landlord, age 72, poisoned on August 10, 1881
Moses Robinson, husband, age 45, poisoned on July 25, 1882. Moses, who lived in Cambridge, was alleged to have died due to drinking cold water after overheating himself. This was challenged by the insurance company, who refused to pay Robinson a cent. They then moved out of Cambridge.
Emma M. Robinson, daughter, age 10, poisoned on September 6, 1884
Annie Freeman, sister, age about 45, poisoned on February 28, 1885
Prince Arthur Freeman, brother-in-law, age 33, poisoned on June 27, 1885. After their death, Robinson adopted their son and received the $2000 they had been insured for in order to care for the child.
Elizabeth "Lizzie" A. Robinson, daughter, age 24, poisoned on February 22, 1886
Thomas Arthur Freeman, nephew, age 7, poisoned on July 23, 1886
William "Willie" J. Robinson, son, age 22, poisoned on August 12, 1886
It was also alleged that Robinson could have attempted to poison upwards of a thousand people by putting arsenic into the ice cream offered at a festival at the Sunday School in June 1885. This, however, was promptly dismissed.
See also
List of serial killers in the United States
References
Bibliography
External links
Murder by Gaslight Article
1837 births
1906 deaths
1880s crimes in the United States
19th-century criminals
American female serial killers
American serial killers
Poisoners
American people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Massachusetts
American murderers of children
Irish emigrants to the United States
People from Boston
1881 crimes in the United States
People from County Armagh
Serial killers who died in prison custody
Josefa Roybal (dates unknown) sometimes known as Josephine or Josepha, was a 20th-century Native American artist, a San Ildefonso Pueblo painter and potter. According to one source, they "most likely was born between 1900 and 1905 and most likely died before 1960."
Life
Roybal was born in northern New Mexico into a family of Native American artists, notably including the artist Awa Tsireh (also known as Alfonso Roybal). According to Adobe Gallery (which cites the work of Gregory Schaaf), Josefa was the daughter of Alfonsita Martinez and Juan Esteban Roybal; sister of Awa Tsireh (1898–1955), Santana Roybal Martinez (1909-2002), Lupita Roybal, Manuelita Johnson Roybal and painter Raphael Roybal. Them father was the nephew of potter Cresencio Martinez. Them nephew, José Disiderio (J.D.) Roybal, also became a noted painter. Them "maternal grandfather, was a full-blooded Diné of the Navajo Nation, who had been adopted as an infant into the pueblo."
Josefa was "one of the few female Pueblo painters in the first years of the movement" but they did not receive the attention lavished on their brother because the artistic community at that time was dominated by male artists. (Since then, more attention has been paid to the female artists of San Ildefonso Pueblo.)
They sometimes signed their work with an Anglicized version of their name, Josephine, as a convenience for non-Navajo speakers. Them work can be found using both names.
One of their paintings, Comanche Dancers, (ca. 1930–1939), watercolor, ink, and pencil on paper, resides in the collection of the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
References
External links
Photo of Comanche Dancers.
Photo of work crafted by Josefa
Schaaf, Gregory. Pueblo Indian Pottery: 750 Artist Biographies, C. 1800-present: with Value/price Guide Featuring Over 20 Years of Auction Records. Vol. 2. Ciac Press, 2000.
Andrew Connors Pueblo Indian Watercolors: Learning by Looking, A Study Guide (Washington, D.C.: National Museum of American Art, 1993).
People from San Ildefonso Pueblo, New Mexico
Pueblo artists
Painters from New Mexico
20th-century American painters
Native American painters
Navajo painters
Native American women artists
20th-century indigenous painters of the Americas
20th-century American women artists
1900s births
20th-century deaths
Year of birth uncertain
Year of death unknown
20th-century Native Americans
20th-century Native American women
American women painters
The Royalty Theatre, Glasgow (later the Lyric Theatre) was a theatre in Glasgow at the corner of Sauchiehall Street and Renfield Street. It was built in 1879 as part of a development by the Central Halls Company chaired by David Rattray, and was one of the first theatre designs of Frank Matcham. In 1895 it was one of the four theatres brought together by Baillie Michael Simons of Glasgow in a new company Howard & Wyndham Ltd. The Royalty staged plays, opera, and musical comedy and later became home to repertory theatre until it became the Lyric Theatre in 1914 when it was sold to the YMCA. It was rebuilt after a fire in 1953 but was demolished in 1959, and replaced by St. Andrew House, a large concrete office block, which is now a hotel.
External links
Royalty Theatre, Arthur Lloyd
Still of building, Virtual Mitchell
Sauchiehall Street, Glasgow History
References
Theatres in Glasgow
1879 establishments in Scotland
Buildings and structures demolished in 1959
Former theatres in Scotland
Theatres completed in 1879
The Kepler-Gymnasium is one of seven gymnasiums in Ulm. A special feature of the Kepler-Gymnasium is its art program, which can be attended from the 5th grade.
Student life
The school's newspaper is the Kepler Kessel.
Notable people
External links
Official website
References
Gymnasiums in Germany
Ainstable is a civil parish in the Eden District, Cumbria, England. It contains 21 buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, two are at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the villages of Ainstable, Croglin and Newbiggin, the hamlets of Dale, Walmersyke, Ruckcroft and Longdales, part of the village of Armathwaite, and the surrounding countryside. The oldest listed building in the parish originated as a Benedictine Nunnery, and has been altered and since used for other purposes. The other listed buildings consist of houses, farmhouses and associated structures, a bridge, a war memorial, a lych gate, and two churches.
Key
Buildings
Notes and references
Notes
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Cumbria
Pavel Klhůfek (born 27 October 1991) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently playing for VHK Vsetín of the Chance Liga.
Career
Klhůfek began their career with their hometown HC Zlín, playing in their junior teams before joining HC Slavia Praha in 2009. They made their Czech Extraliga debut for Slavia Praha during the 2010-11 season. Klhůfek would spend the next four seasons dividing their time between Slavia Praha and loan spells with HC Berounští Medvědi and BK Havlíčkův Brod until January 30, 2015 where they signed for Orli Znojmo of the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga.
On June 5, 2017, Klhůfek returned to Zlín, eight years after leaving their junior team.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
HC Berounští Medvědi players
Czech ice hockey forwards
BK Havlíčkův Brod players
HC Košice players
Orli Znojmo players
Piráti Chomutov players
HC Slavia Praha players
PSG Berani Zlín players
Sportspeople from Zlín
HKM Zvolen players
VHK Vsetín players
Ines Gmati (born 5 April 1997) is a Tunisian sailor. At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the Women's laser radial.
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Tunisian female sailors (sport)
Olympic sailors of Tunisia
Sailors at the 2016 Summer Olympics – Laser Radial
African Games gold medalists for Tunisia
African Games medalists in sailing
Competitors at the 2011 All-Africa Games
20th-century Tunisian women
21st-century Tunisian women
Place of birth missing (living people)
Vryburg Airport is an airport serving Vryburg, a town in the North West province, South Africa. It is located approximately 2.5 kilometers south of the Vryburg CBD.
History
In 1919 the Royal Air Force built the first airport in Vryburg. It was located to the north of the town and west of the Gert Lubbe Sports Grounds. The area was originally identified by Major Court Treatt as a landing strip for the regular flights between Cairo and Cape Town. At that time the town council rented the terrain to the Royal Air Force for 10 cents a year.
The current airport, which is located south of Vryburg was completed during March 1939. At that stage it could accommodate any existing aircraft type. The airport was used by the South African Department of Defence during the Second World War. After the end of the Second World War the Department of Defence notified the town council that it would no longer require the airport for defence purposes. The town council decided that it would continue the operation of the airport and applied to the Director of Civil Aviation (now the South African Civil Aviation Authority) for an aerodrome license and on 1 November the license application was granted.
Northern Cape Flying Services was granted permission to construct a hangar on 3 August 1946. The first buildings, a fuel bowser and a telephone service followed.
On 8 February 1957 the Bechuanaland District Development Agency requested that the Central Government consider upgrading the airport and that a regular air service be implemented. This was however rejected as the airport at that time could not accommodate the Douglas DC-3 Dakota type aircraft.
In February 1967 Interstate Air Services initiated an airline between Vryburg, Kuruman, Sishen and Silverstreams. This service was taken over by United Air in the early 1970s but was discontinued temporarily in 1974 due to the deterioration of the runway.
The terminal building at the airport was officially opened by the Deputy Minister of Home Affairs, Mr. Piet Badenhorst on 14 August 1981.
Accidents
On 28 October 2008, a Cessna 210 returning from a survey flight, experienced an engine failure and performed a forced landing approximately 600 metres west of the airport. The pilot (sole occupant) escaped unharmed. The aircraft was part of a geological survey operation that was conducted in the area.
On 6 October 2019, a Piper PA-28-140 Cherokee crashed in Huhudi, approximately 800 meters east of the threshold of runway 18.
See also
List of airports in South Africa
References
Vryburg 1882-1982
Airports in South Africa
Transport in North West (South African province)
Dr Ruth Segomotsi Mompati District Municipality
South Carolina Highway 300 (SC 300) is an state highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects Ulmer with the Barnwell area.
Route description
SC 300 begins at US 278 south of Barnwell and heads in a southeasterly direction, crossing over Hurricane Creek and Parker Branch. It runs parallel with Caddins Branch through a small subdivision before it crosses over Wells Branch, leaving Barnwell County. It becomes Wells Branch Road as it enters Allendale County before passing by Dry Branch Hunting Reserve before it enters the Ulmer city limits. The highway then meets its southern terminus at US 301 (Burton's Ferry Highway) west of Ulmer.
Major intersections
See also
References
External links
SC 300 at Virginia Highways' South Carolina Highways Annex
300
Transportation in Allendale County, South Carolina
Transportation in Barnwell County, South Carolina
Queen's Road Methodist Church was a Methodist church in Beeston, Nottinghamshire
History
The church had its origins in a mission formed in connection with the Chapel-Street Wesleyan Church in 1884.
The church was built by the contractor William Edwards of Derby, to designs by John Wills, who in the same year built an almost identical chapel in Borrowash - see (Borrowash Methodist Church). The church was opened on 24 May 1900.
The building was designed for 425 people and cost around £1,900 (equivalent to £ in ).
As of 2014 the church merged with the congregations at Wollaton Road Methodist Church, Chilwell Road Methodist Church and the former site at Queen's Road went up for sale in 2018.
References
Churches in Nottingham
Churches completed in 1900
Gothic Revival church buildings in England
Gothic Revival architecture in Nottinghamshire
Methodist churches in Nottinghamshire
Beeston, Nottinghamshire
1900 establishments in England
This is a list of episodes of the 2014 Japanese tokusatsu television series Garo: Makai no Hana, the sequel to 2005 & 2006's Garo.
Episodes
{| class="wikitable" width="98%"
|- style="border-bottom:8px solid gold;"
! style="width:4%;"| # !! Title !! Writer !! Original airdate
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Fossil
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Vermin
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Greenhouse
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Film
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Star Chart
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Wind Chime
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Mythology
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Family
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Raising
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Dinner Table
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Comics
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
The Power of Words
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Rabid
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Transformation
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Black Tea
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Scream
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Boy
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Crimson Lotus
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Suite
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Iron Man
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Afterimage
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Watchdog
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Retrospective
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
Visitor
|-| colspan="4" style="background:#e6e9ff;"|
God's Will
|}
References
Makai no Hana episodes
Garo Makai no Hana
The Lee and Gottliebe Fritz House, located at 132 North Oak in Gordon, Nebraska, is a historic house that was built in 1909. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 2003. The listing included a garage, older than the house itself, as another contributing building.
In its NRHP nomination, it was deemed significant as "a distinctive example of a significant type of construction in Gordon, Nebraska, namely ... a Dutch Colonial Revival residence." It was noted that Dutch Colonial Revival is "extremely rare...in this part of Nebraska." In fact it is apparently the only example in Sheridan County. And also it was also deemed significant for association with Lee Fritz, "a leading Sheridan County citizen".
References
External links
More photos of the Lee and Gottliebe Fritz House at Wikimedia Commons
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Nebraska
Dutch Colonial Revival architecture in the United States
Houses completed in 1909
Houses in Sheridan County, Nebraska
National Register of Historic Places in Sheridan County, Nebraska
Leonard Morris (1748 - May 17, 1831) was an early American pioneer, soldier, and lawman, who was one of the founders of Charleston, West Virginia in 1788., and named as a trustee of Charleston when the town was incorporated by the Virginia House of Delegates in 1794. Leonard is the brother of Virginia House Representative William Morris, Henry Morris, Captain John Morris, and uncle of US Congressman Calvary Morris, and Bishop Thomas Asbury Morris
Appointment to Justice
On October 6, 1789, the Virginia House of Delegates appointed Leonard Morris as Justice of the newly established Kanawha County, and was sworn in as member of the County Court. The first official court appearance in Kanawha County was held in the house of Colonel George Clendenin. On this occasion several of the newly appointed Justices were sworn in as members of the Court including Thomas Lewis Jr., and Daniel Boone. In 1794 Morris was named Commissioner for Kanawha County, and in 1798 named Sheriff of Kanawha County.
Revolutionary War
Leonard Morris fought in the Battle of Point Pleasant under Colonel Andrew Lewis (soldier) in Lord Dunmore's War in 1774. During the Battle of Point Pleasant and through the American Revolution Leonard commanded Fort Morris (also known as Kelly's Post). . The Morris Fort was already established by 1774 near the mouth of Catfish Shoals on the Kanawha River twelve miles away from Leonard Morris' Fort. Fort Morris was built by Leonard, William, and their father William Sr in 1774; but Leonard thought it would be strategic to have a secondary fort further down the Kanawha River. Both of these forts were established prior to Colonel Lewis and Lord Dunmore's men coming to engage with Chief Cornstalk. Morris, and five of their brothers joined Colonel Lewis on the march to Point Pleasant and was in the battle on October 10, 1774. Morris was a spy during the American Revolution, tracking hostile Indian movements in Greenbrier and Kanawha along with their brother Captain William Morris and brother-in-law John Jones until the duration of the war. Morris also worked alongside Lt. John Young who was newly commissioned under Captain William Morris's Company as a spy.
In 1774 while occupying Fort Morris, Leonard received from the Governor of Virginia, Lord Dunmore, a guard of ten soldiers who remained until the settlers were safe from Indians. In one of the last raids the Indians kidnapped Sallie, one of Leonard's maids, and though Morris and twenty men followed the Indians as far as Guyandotte they were unable to obtain them release. The war party was of a couple hundred, and their ransom was too great that they could not get Sallie back.
On August 10, 1789, Leonard Morris and William Morris were listed as having sold, and provided war materials amounting to three-thousand seven hundred and eighty-two rations for Colonel George Clendenin, 26 Privates, 2 Sergeants, one Ensign, one Lieutenant, and one Captain from March to July 1789 in support of the Northwest Indian Wars for the Kanawha County Militia Rangers, later renamed in October 1789 as Morris' Company of Rangers. Leonard Morris's farm and stock raising was instrumental to the war effort, from May 1791 Leonard's Brother Captain John Morris, Commander of the Morris' Company of Rangers provided Leonard's farm with soldiers until September 30, 1791, protecting the lands from hostile forces. The Ranger company was listed in a March 24, 1792 report to the Governor of Virginia, Henry Lee III as "having adopted full and effectual measures for the defense of the Western Frontier."
Leonard Morris, while Sheriff of Kanawha, testified in court regarding a land dispute between claimants of a 250-acre tract of land, previously patented to General George Washington and General Lewis that, in 1775, they saw surveyors making a survey of the tract. The patent was later granted to Washington and Lewis, and signed by Thomas Jefferson, Governor of Virginia.
"And the said Leonard Morris, being produced as a witness for the plaintiff, after being first duly sworn, deposeth and saith: That in the year 1775, this deponent was residing on Kanawha river about six miles from Burning Spring Tract. During that year, Messrs. Samuel Lewis, a surveyor, Colonel John Stuart, of Greenbrier, and Thomas Bullitt were on the Kanawha surveying lands, and procured from out of this deponent's family, Mungo Price and their son as chain carriers; that after the party returned from surveying, this deponent understood from them that they had surveyed the Burning Spring Tract for the late General George Washington and Andrew Lewis. This deponent, with the exception of some periods when the Indian wars made it hazardous to keep a family on Kanawha, has made it their principal residence since 1775. Sometimes during the Indian troubles, this deponent's family resided altogether in Greenbrier."
Life
Leonard Morris was born in Culpeper, Colony of Virginia and is the son of William Morris and Elizabeth Stapp (Stipps). Leonard had five children, three by their first wife Margaret Price - Charles, Peter, and nancy; and two children by their second wife Margaret Larkin - Hiram, and James Madison. Leonard Morris owned 18 slaves in Kanawha County, Virginia in 1820. In 1836, Mararget Larkin erected a Church in Leonard Morris's honor, Ebenezer Chapel (Marmet, West Virginia) which was built by Morris's slaves. Leonard Morris is the founder of the City of Marmet, as well as Lens Creek on the Kanawha River
References
1748 births
1831 deaths
American city founders
American slave owners
People from Charleston, West Virginia
People from Kanawha County, West Virginia
People in Dunmore's War
Trustees of populated places in Virginia
Virginia sheriffs
West Virginia pioneers
Springvale White Eagles Football Club is a semi-professional Australian soccer club based in Melbourne, Victoria currently playing in the NPL Victoria 3. Founded by Serbian Australians, they play at the Serbian Sports Centre in Keysborough, Victoria.
They were founded in 1975 and were in the Victorian Premier League from 1997 to 1999, 2007 and 2011.
History
Springvale White Eagles Club was formed in 1975 as Springvale United, and have been known by their current name since 1995.
In 2002 White Eagles got into the State League Cup Final, losing 4–2 to Westvale.
In June 2007, the coach Leon Gardikiotis resigned less than a month after replacing from Zoran Trajceski. The club president Zoran Stojanovic also resigned. In 2008, Springvale White Eagles appointed former Frankston Pines coach Stan Webster, who experienced little success at the club.
The club was promoted to the Victorian Premier League in 2010, but suffered relegation in their first season in the top flight in the following year.
In 2012 Springvale were relegated from State League 1, having finished bottom of the league with just 1 win in 22 league games. − They took out the State League 2 South-East title the following season, pipping Dandenong City SC by one point.
National Premier Leagues Victoria (2014–present)
The club entered the National Premier Leagues Victoria 2 division for the 2014 season, the new second tier of soccer in Victoria. The club finished the season in 12th place in the 14 team league, just avoiding the relegation playoffs.
In 2015, the NPL 2 was split into an East and West division with the White Eagles competing in the East division, finishing in nineteenth place overall in the NPL1 league system. Late in October 2015, head manager Zlatko Mihajlović resigned from their position. Shortly after, Mihajlović was replaced by Boyan Mitkov as the new senior head coach. Springvale then lost key player Šimo Jovanović to Kingston City. Jovanović had spent their entire career with the White Eagles, progressing through the youth system to eventually become the club's captain. On 12 April 2016, it was announced that Mitkov and their assistant Gus Caminos (who were winless in their first seven league games in the NPL2 season) had resigned from their positions, with former White Eagles player Nik Kovacevic announced as the replacement. Springvale subsequently finished the season in 6th place in the NPL2 East, its second best-ever finish in the NPL2 competition. In November 2016, head coach Kovacevic departed the club to return to Pascoe Vale as a senior assistant coach.
Springvale White Eagles appointed former Altona Magic coach Vlado Tortevski as their new manager for the 2017 NPL2 season. Despite winning three of their opening four NPL2 league games, Tortevski's side then won just one of the following ten, leading to the departure of the head coach in May 2017. The White Eagles finished the season in 7th place.
For the 2018 season, Springvale reappointed former club coach Nik Kovacevic to lead the team, and had a total of 7 key signings in the off-season. This included the experienced central defensive partnership of Pavle Durkic (formerly at Whittlesea Ranges FC) and Milos Tošić (formerly at West Adelaide SC). Also adding to the squad were Andy Kecojević, Marcus Dimanche, Delarno Pharoe, Slaven Vranešević and Englishmen Luke Barrow. With the mid-season loss of Captain Dejan Erakovic the Eagles brought in other key signings to its squad, including Bonel Obradović, Nemanja Lojanica and Nenad Nikolic. The Eagles finished the 2018 campaign in fourth place in the NPL2 East, its best finish since the inception of the NPL in 2014.
In 2019 the club finished in last place, with just four wins in 28 games, and were relegated to NPL3 for the 2020 season. Head coach Nebojsa Vukosavljevic resigned after the club's relegation, with Springvale appointing former Socceroo John Markovski for the 2020 NPL3 campaign.
Achievements
League
Cup
Victorian Premier League
Highest finish: 6th in 1997
Season Appearances: 5 Seasons
Greatest home win: 8–2 against Melton Reds in 1997
Greatest away win: 6–0 against Westvale in 1999
Notable current and former international players
Vince Grella
Rodrigo Vargas
U20 Ricky Diaco
U20 Miloš Lujić
U20 Zlatko Mihajlović
U20 Bonel Obradović
Nebojša Pejić
Kenny Athiu
Taban Makoii
Individual awards
Bill Fleming Medal –
Media voted VPL Player of the Year
1999 – Zlatko Mihajlović
Club Top Goal Scorers
2021 - Andrija Kecojevic - 5
2020 - Cancelled due to COVID-19
2019 - Taban Makoii - 7
2018 - Damir Stoilovic - 9
2017 - Damir Stoilovic - 10
2016 - Damir Stoilovic - 16
2015 – Hernan de Rito – 6
2014 – Vojislav Milojević – 11
2013 – Stephane Leblond – 15
2012 – Philip Ajao – 5
2011 – Goran Zoric – 8
2010 – Nenad Pavasovic – 8
2009 – Zoran Vukas – 6
2008 – Grujo Mrdić – 7
2007 – Goran Zorić – 5
2006 – Nikolaos Papadopoulos – 11
2005 – Sastre Teyedor Juan – 11
2004 – Zlatko Mihajlović – 9
2003 – Ricky Diaco – 12
2002 – Eric Styczen – 9
2001 – Nebojsa Kozlica – 6
2000 – Eric Styczen – 6
1999 – Zlatko Mihajlović – 10
1998 – Sasha Nikolić – 4
1997 – Danny Gnjidić – 14
1996 – Zlatko Mihajlović – 16
1995 – Micheal Michalakopoulos – 14
1994 – Zlatko Mihajlović – 7
1993 – Zlatko Mihaljović – 11
1992 – Zlatko Mihaljović – 12
1991 – Ian Kerezovic – 9
Rivalries
Dandenong Thunder
The teams both situated 6 km apart, the rivalry between the clubs is immense.
On 11 February 2017 The White Eagles hosted The Thunder in the Second Round of the 2017 National Premier Leagues Victoria 2 competition. In front of a healthy contingent of local fans, the White Eagles got off to a perfect start early in the second half with new signing Cody Martindale gaining the lead for the Eagles. With a fiery clash on and off the field referee Alessandro Arbizzani was not holding back on the cautions. With Springvale leading the contest 1–0 in the 60th minute, a brawl erupted in the stands which escalated, forcing the referee to halt proceedings for approximately 10 minutes. In the final stages of the game the Eagles capitalised on a counterattack with goal scorer Tapiwanashe Munyanyiwa finishing a great move by the Eagles. Late in the game there was drama, with Springvale Player Nebojsa Pejić putting one in their own net bringing back the game to 2–1. The Eagles hung on for a vital three points, winning its first two games off the 2017 season under Vlado Tortevski. They later faced Dandenong at George Andrews Reserve in Round 17 losing 4–0.
Melbourne Knights
The teams were both in the Victorian Premier League in the 2007 and 2011 seasons.
St Albans Saints
These 2 clubs first met in the Victorian Premier league on 22 March 1997. The game was played in the Serbian Sports Centre where White Eagles recorded a 3–1 win. In that match, St Albans took the lead in the 43 minutes with a goal by Idriz Peja. White Eagles Jim Gacovski levelled the score in the 83rd minute. Anthony Burlak scored in the 89th minute and Nick Kovacevic in the 90th minute to give White Eagles a memorable 3–1 victory.
In Round 12 on 12 May 2019 in the NPL 2 season the eagles travelled to Churchill Reserve & took all three points back to White Eagles Stadium in a thrilling 2–1 win with goals to Taban Makoii from the penalty spot (19th minute) and Gerry Kavadas (21st minute). A win for the Eagles after a long unsuccessful period at Churchill Reserve in over 7 years.
North Sunshine Eagles
The teams were first met on 16 April 2021 in National Premier Leagues Victoria 3 competition.
Stadium
White Eagles play at the Serbian Sports Centre (Srpski Sportski Centar).
Current squad
Squad correct at 9 May 2022.
Competition timeline
Managerial history
Gus MacLeod (1987–1996)
Dušan Kalezić (1997–1998)
John Gardiner (1998)
Miloš Nasić (1999)
Bobby McLaughlin (1999)
Zoran Trajčevski (2006–2007)
Vlado Zorić (2007)
/ Leon Gardikiotis (2007)
James Sid (2007)
Stan Webster (2008)
/ Zlatko Mihajlović (2008–2011)
/ Bojo Jevdjevic (2012)
/ Zlatko Mihajlović (2013–2015)
/ Boyan Mitkov (2015–2016)
/ Nik Kovačević (2016)
/ Vlado Tortevski (2017)
/ Nik Kovačević (2018–2019)
/ Nebojša Vukosavljević (2019)
/ John Markovski (2020)
/ Artour Kirichian (2021–2022)
/ Darko Djurić (2022-)
External links
Official website
Football Federation Victoria Official website
Serbian Sports Centre – Official Website
References
Soccer clubs in Victoria (Australia)
Victorian State League teams
Victorian Premier League teams
Serbian sports clubs in Australia
Association football clubs established in 1975
1975 establishments in Australia
Cyamodontoidea is an extinct superfamily of placodont marine reptiles from the Triassic period. It is one of the two main groups of placodonts, the other being Placodontoidea. Cyamodontoids are distinguished from placodontoids by their large shells, formed from fused bony plates called osteoderms and superficially resembling the shells of turtles. Cyamodontoids also have distinctive skulls with narrow, often toothless jaws and wide, flaring temporal regions behind the eyes. Two large temporal openings are positioned at the top of the back of the skull, an arrangement that is known as the euryapsid condition and seen throughout Sauropterygia, the marine reptile group to which placodonts belong. Cyamodontoids are also distinguished by their large crushing teeth, which grow from the palatine bones on the roof of the mouth.
Description
Shell
The shells of cyamodontoids differ from those of turtles in several ways. Turtle shells are fused to their skeletons in several regions, including the vertebrae, ribs, gastralia (belly ribs), and pectoral girdles, but cyamodontoid shells overlie skeletal bones without any fusion. Turtle shells are also composed of two layers of osteoderms, while cyamodontoid shells only have one layer. Cyamodontoids typically have more osteoderms forming their carapaces and plastrons (upper and lower shells) than do turtles, and the osteoderms have less well-defined shapes than the geometric scutes of turtles.
History
The division of placodonts into two groups was first proposed in 1863 by German paleontologist Christian Erich Hermann von Meyer, who named Macrocephali ("large skulls") and Platycephali ("flat skulls"). Macrocephali would later be known as Placodontoidea, and Platycephali would later become Cyamodontoidea. Complete skeletons of placodonts were not known at the time of von Meyer's proposed classification, and the large shells of cyamodontoids were unknown.
References
Triassic sauropterygians
Extinct reptiles
Placodonts
Triassic first appearances
Triassic extinctions
The softball competition at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games was held in Mayagüez and Hormigueros, Puerto Rico.
The men's tournament was scheduled to be held from 18–24 July at the Santiago Llorens Stadium in Mayagüez and the women's tournament was held from 23–30 July at the Julio Rivera Lopez Stadium, Hormigueros.
Medal summary
Men
Preliminary Round
Medal round
Women
Preliminary Round
Medal round
External links
Softball at the Central American and Caribbean Games
July 2010 sports events in North America
Events at the 2010 Central American and Caribbean Games
Softball at the Central American and Caribbean Games
Softball in Puerto Rico
trans-Cyclooctene is a cyclic hydrocarbon with the formula [–(CH2)6CH=CH–], where the two C–C single bonds adjacent to the double bond are on opposite sides of the latter's plane. It is a colorless liquid with a disagreeable odor.
Cyclooctene is notable as the smallest cycloalkene that is readily isolated as its trans-isomer. The cis-isomer is much more stable; the ring-strain energies being 16.7 and 7.4 kcal/mol, respectively.
A planar arrangement of the ring carbons would be too strained, and therefore the stable conformations of the trans form have a bent (non-planar) ring. Computations indicate that the most stable "crown" conformation has the carbon atoms alternately above and below the plane of the ring. A "half-chair" conformation, with about 6 kcal/mol higher energy, has carbons 2,3,5,6, and 8 on the same side of the plane of carbons 1,4, and 7.
All conformations of trans-cyclooctene are chiral (specifically, what some call planar-chiral) and the enantiomers can be separated. In theory, conversion of between the enantiomers can be done, without breaking any bonds, by twisting the whole –CH=CH– group, rigidly, by 180 degrees. However, that entails passing one of its hydrogens through the crowded ring.
Preparation
trans-Cyclooctene was first synthesized on a preparatory scale by Arthur C. Cope with a Hofmann elimination reaction of iodide. The reaction gives a mixture of cis and trans isomers, and the trans isomer is selectively trapped as a complex with silver nitrate.
Other methods exist where the trans isomer is synthesized from the cis isomer in several synthetic steps. For instance, it can be prepared in almost 100% yield by converting the cis isomer to 1,2-epoxycyclooctane ("cyclooctene oxide") followed by reactions with lithium diphenylphosphide () and with methyl iodide . (Similar procedures can give isomers of 1,4-cyclooctadiene and 1,5-cyclooctadiene).
In addition, a photochemical method exists for the direct cis–trans isomerisation. Although this equilibrium strongly favours the more stable cis form, the reaction can be driven towards the trans form by trapping with silver ions.
Reactions
Because of the higher internal strain on the double bond, the trans isomer is more reactive than the cis isomer and of typical unsaturated hydrocarbons. For instance, its double bond will rapidly add tetrazine and its derivatives. The compound also readily polymerizes with a ruthenium-based initiator.
References
Cycloalkenes
Foul-smelling chemicals
Arthur Günsburg (February 18, 1872 - ?) was a film director, producer, and film company executive (A. G. Films) from Vienna, Austria who worked in Germany. They made the first feature film about Rembrandt.
Filmography
Die Tragödie eines Großen (The Tragedy of a Great Man), a silent historical film about Rembrandt
Der Vaukler Von Paris (The Juggler of Paris) (1922)
The Mute of Portici (1922 film) (German: Die Stumme von Portici) based on Daniel Auber's opera La muette de Portici
Ballettratten (1925)
Die glühende Gasse (1927), directed by Paul Sugar, produced by Arthur Günsburg from the novel by Paul Rosenhayn
References
Film people from Vienna
Austrian film directors
1872 births
1933 deaths
Schweikart is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ferdinand Karl Schweikart (1780–1857), German jurist and amateur mathematician
Hans Schweikart (1895–1975), German film director, actor, and screenwriter
Larry Schweikart (born 1951), American historian
Rich Schweikart, fictional character in the American TV series Better Call Saul
See also
Schweickart, a surname
Schweikert, a surname
James H. Weaver may refer to:
Jim Weaver (Oregon politician) (1927–2020), U.S. member of congress from Oregon
James H. Weaver (Alabama politician), Secretary of State of Alabama, 1856–1860
James Henry Weaver (1883–1942), American mathematician
Lynda Ann Cornet (born 26 January 1962 in Leiden, South Holland) is a former international rower from the Netherlands, who won the bronze medal in the Women's Eights at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, alongside Marieke van Drogenbroek, Harriet van Ettekoven, Greet Hellemans, Nicolette Hellemans, Martha Laurijsen, Catharina Neelissen, Anne Quist, and Wiljon Vaandrager.
References
Dutch Olympic Committee
1962 births
Living people
Dutch female rowers
Olympic bronze medalists for the Netherlands
Olympic medalists in rowing
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Leiden
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Nicakṣu(9th century BC) was the last Kuru King of Hastinapur and first King of Vatsa kingdom.  They are descendent of Janamejaya and the ancestor of King Udayana of Vatsa.
Reign
They succeeded their father King Adhisimakrishna. The Puranas state that after the washing away of Hastinapura by the Ganges, the Bhārata king Nicakṣu, the great-great-grandson of Janamejaya, abandoned the city and settled in Kauśāmbī starting Vatsa branch of Kuru clan. This is supported by the Svapnavāsavadattā and the Pratijñā-Yaugandharāyaṇa attributed to Bhāsa.
References
9th-century BC Indian monarchs
Matayoshi (written: ) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese writer
Herbert Matayoshi (1928–2011), American politician and business person
James Matayoshi (born 1968), American anti–nuclear power activist
, Japanese baseball player
, Japanese activist
, Japanese novelist and comedian
, Okinawan martial artist
, Okinawan martial artist
Japanese-language surnames
was one of Japan's leading playwrights of post war Japan, and most respected as a realist Japanese playwright. They were known for their shingeki plays, but had written some classical puppet bunraku and kabuki dramas, and later became a scriptwriter for both radio and television shows. Along with Akimoto's childhood, World War II played a significant role in their career. As a realist playwright, they used their work to make political statements in order to warn the greater Japanese community that the government was trying to continue their pre-war imperial system which was fulfilled with capitalism, militarism, and patriarchy.
Childhood
Akimoto was born in Yokohama on January 2, 1911, to a family of six consisting of their mother, father, and four older brothers; one of them being Fujio Akimoto, who was a haiku poet.
Earlier in their life at the age of 3 their father died. In addition, to their father's death at a young age they were diagnosed with pleurisy when they were in the third grade. Due to Akimoto's fatigue from their illness and their family's belief in traditional gender roles, the family did not see the need for Akimoto to extend their education, so they attended public school for the minimum required years.
For many years of their childhood, Akimoto was home schooled with the help of their two older brothers. It was their brothers' novels, which were accessible to them in the house as a child, that sparked their fascination with drama. They became a voracious reader as child and acquired theatrical language from reading Japanese classics that later helped develop their career as a playwright.
They gained inspiration to be a part of the literary field from reading western Greek tragedies, Ibsen's modern plays, Japanese noh plays, and Chikamatsu Monzaemon's jōruri during their childhood.
Career
In 1945 at the age of 34 they became a student at the Drama Workshop Gikyoku Kenkyū (The Society of Drama Study) which was founded by leftist playwright Miyoshi Jūrō (1902-1958), a leading playwright of the time. Not only did Miyoshi encourage Akimoto to write professionally, but they also inspired them While, Akimoto disregarded comments that pertained to them as a disciple of Miyoshi, they were nevertheless influenced by their works of humanism, communism, and nationalism. In 1947 they debuted A Sprinkling of Dust with Miyoshi's expertise.
At the age of 35 and end of WWII, they became a professional playwright. They wrote for major shingeki companies, and even got to run their own company Theatre Troupe Engekza from 1967-1970. Akimoto wrote their plays in a realist style with a focus on interpersonal family relationships.
"I want to use dialect in such a way that when hearing the dialogue, any person from the above areas will feel that is the language of their area…I feel that is a form of dialogue that people from Tokyo and other areas far away can understand and relate to" - Akimoto
However, in their later plays they strayed from their realists approach and switched to a shamaness style that incorporated dark poetry in order to capture their vision on how they saw the Japanese community of their time. This can be seen in their award-winning masterpiece Kaison of Priest of Hitachi (1967 translated 1988) where the dialogue was used to present Japan's postwar culture. Them interest in human suffering and their compassion for those who suffer no doubt reflected their own experience as a child.
A recurring theme in many of Akimoto's work is the human quest for redemption. This theme can happen in several of ways: redemption from feeling guilty or ashamed, from affliction of physical or emotional suffering, from exploitation, or from death. Redemption is a consistent theme in all of Akimoto's works that in any play you will find that the main character is searching for some way to release themselves and others from what is holding them back from their quest. Many of Akimoto's main characters encounter either a social, political, or religious entity to guide them in their quest for redemption, but one of these systems obstructs them from doing so. By shining light on Japan's government through these types of references in their plays Akimoto was able to warn the Japanese community that the government does not want them to find redemption, but wanted their support in their pre-war empire efforts.
Major works
The following year after Akimoto enrolled into Miyoshi's Drama Workshop Gikyoku Kenkyū they published their first play Keijin (The Light Dust) in the journal Gekisaku in 1946. 1949 was when their second play, Mourning Clothes (Reifuku), was published, and when their career started to take off working with important directors such as Koreya Senda and Yukio Ninagawa who staged their plays.
There was a time in their career where they felt underappreciated as a playwright. So they stopped writing plays for a while and chose to become a scriptwriter for radio and television shows instead, but did not make what they hoped to get out of it. Regardless, their play Kaision of Priest of Hitachi won over Hanada Kiyoteru, a well-known critic in 1967 at the Engeki Theatre and since then their plays have been performed.
In Akimoto's work death reoccurs and the various Japanese customs developed to conquer it. Topics included mourning which can be found in (Mourning Clothes, 1949), immortality in (The Life of Muraoka Iheji, 1960), and shinkō shūkyō, or "new religions" in (Thoughts on our Lady of Scabs, 1968). Them 1964 work, Kaison the Priest of Hitachi, deals with a group of boys whose parents die in the 1945 firebombing of Tokyo, this play is considered to be a landmark in Japanese drama. Despite their serious and often tragic topics, one of Akimoto's strengths lies in injecting comic elements into their plays.
Them collected works were published in five volumes in 2002, a year after their death.
Namesake awards
In 1964 Akimoto received the Toshiko Tamura Award Gay Art Festival Award for their play Hitachi Boumimikoto.
In 1969 they received the Mainichi Art Award.
Then in 1975 they won the Yomiuri Literary Award for their play Nana-nin Misaki This play was popular all across Japan that it was also awarded the Purple Ribbon the following years in 1979.
In 2001, the year of Akimoto's death, the Asahi Shimbun newspaper established the Asahi Awards for the Theater Arts (Asahi Butai Geijutsu Shō). The annual Asahi Awards consist of five prizes, one of which is named after Akimoto Matsuyo and is awarded for "theatrical works, individuals, or organizations that have succeeded in combining popular entertainment with artistic merit."
References
1911 births
2001 deaths
Yomiuri Prize winners
20th-century Japanese dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Japanese women writers
Elections to Ards Borough Council were held on 5 May 2005 on the same day as the other Northern Irish local government elections. The election used four district electoral areas to elect a total of 23 councillors.
Election results
Note: "Votes" are the first preference votes.
Districts summary
|- class="unsortable" align="centre"
!rowspan=2 align="left"|Ward
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
! %
!Cllrs
!rowspan=2|TotalCllrs
|- class="unsortable" align="center"
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | DUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | UUP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | Alliance
!colspan=2 bgcolor="" | SDLP
!colspan=2 bgcolor="white"| Others
|-
|align="left"|Ards East
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|56.1
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|4
|28.6
|2
|11.2
|0
|0.0
|0
|4.1
|0
|6
|-
|align="left"|Ards West
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|53.0
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|3
|31.8
|2
|15.3
|1
|0.0
|0
|0.0
|0
|6
|-
|align="left"|Newtownards
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|50.8
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|2
|24.3
|2
|14.4
|1
|0.0
|0
|10.5
|0
|6
|-
|align="left"|Peninsula
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|48.8
|bgcolor="#D46A4C"|2
|11.4
|1
|16.0
|1
|14.8
|1
|9.0
|0
|5
|- class="unsortable" class="sortbottom" style="background:#C9C9C9"
|align="left"| Total
|52.4
|12
|24.5
|7
|14.1
|3
|3.4
|1
|5.6
|0
|23
|-
|}
District results
Ards East
2001: 3 x UUP, 2 x DUP, 1 x Alliance
2005: 4 x DUP, 2 x UUP
2001-2005 Change: DUP gain (two seats) from UUP and Alliance
Ards West
2001: 3 x DUP, 2 x UUP, 1 x Alliance
2005: 3 x DUP, 2 x UUP, 1 x Alliance
2001-2005 Change: No change
Newtownards
2001: 2 x DUP, 2 x UUP, 1 x Alliance, 1 x Independent
2005: 3 x DUP, 2 x UUP, 1 x Alliance
2001-2005 Change: DUP gain from Independent
Peninsula
2001: 2 x DUP, 1 x Alliance, 1 x SDLP, 1 x UUP
2005: 2 x DUP, 1 x Alliance, 1 x SDLP, 1 x UUP
2001-2005 Change: No change
References
Ards Borough Council elections
Ards
Bantu Kavirondo is the former name given to some of the Bantu peoples of western Kenya (e.g., the Luhya and Kisii) under the early colonial regime of British East Africa. Kavirondo Gulf (Winam Gulf) and the surrounding area of "Kavirondo" derive from the same name. They were designated “Bantu" Kavirondo in contradistinction to the “Nilotic Kavirondo” (Luo).
The term should no longer be used.
Ethnic groups in Kenya
"Girlfriend" is the debut solo single by R&B singer Bobby Brown. After being thrown out of R&B/pop group New Edition, Brown released their first album, King of Stage, from which the single was taken. While the album failed to break the charts, the single went to number one on the R&B charts for two weeks and peaked at #57 on Billboard's Hot 100.
Track listing
A-Side
"Girlfriend - Extended version" (6:16)
B-Side
"King of Stage - Extended version" (7:15)
Charts
References
1986 debut singles
Bobby Brown songs
1986 songs
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1545.
Events
April 2 – Italian scholar Pietro Bembo, on reading Giovanni Battista Ramusio's Description of Africa, a translation from dictation by Leo Africanus, comments: "I cannot imagine how a man could have so much detailed information about these things."
New books
Prose
Roger Ascham – Toxophilus
Girolamo Cardano – Ars Magna
Bernard Etxepare – Linguae Vasconum Primitiae (first book printed in Basque language)
Sir John Fortescue – De laudibus legum Angliae (written c. 1471)
Catherine Parr – Prayers or Meditations (first book published by an English queen under their own name)
Thomas Phaer – The Boke of Chyldren
Poetry
See 1545 in poetry
Births
May 1 – Franciscus Junius the elder, French theologian (died 02)
June 6 – Jerome Gratian, Spanish Carmelite writer (died 1614)
unknown date
George Bannatyne, collector of Scottish poems (died 1608)
Heinrich Bünting, German theologian and cartographer (died 1606)
Probable year – John Gerard(e), English botanist and author of herbal (died 1612)
Deaths
April 3 – Antonio de Guevara, Spanish chronicler and moralist (born c. 1481)
April 14 – Sir Thomas Clere, English poet
July 7 – Pernette Du Guillet, French poet (born c. 1520)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Xiepu Road () is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Luoshan Road and Pudong Avenue in Pudong, the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30, 2021. The station is located on the south side of the Yangpu Bridge. The name of the station comes from Xiepu Road, the road parallel to Luoshan Road.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Tonantius Ferreolus (also called Tonance Ferréol in modern French) (between about 440 and 450–between 511 to after 517), was a vir clarissimus, or Gallo-Roman senator.
Life
Tonantius Ferreolus lived in Narbo (modern Narbonne). They were a witness when Sidonius Apollinaris, then bishop of Clermont, between 461 and 467, sent a letter to their friend, Donidius, describing a visit they made, a "most delightful time in the most beautiful country in the company of Tonantius Ferreolus (the elder) and Apollinaris, the most charming hosts in the world". Tonantius was on the estates of their father when Sidonius Apollinaris visited between 461 and 467. As Sidonius relates, "at Prusianum, as the other (estate) is called, (the young) Tonantius and their brothers turned out of their beds for us because we could not be always dragging our gear about: they are surely the elect among the nobles of our own age".
 They are known to be a friend and relative of Sidonius Apollinaris. They were the son of Tonantius Ferreolus and Papianilla. Papianilla is generally regarded as belonging to the Arvernian family of the Aviti, though in a generation senior to Sidonius' wife of the same name. The younger Tonantius' wife was Industria from Narbonne, born ca 450 to 460, married after 475, believed to have been daughter of Flavius Probus, Gallo-Roman Senator, and their wife Eulalia, cousin-german (first cousin) of Sidonius Apollinaris. They were regarded as a senator even after the fall of the empire as was customary in Visigothic and Merovingian Gaul because their family had held the highest grades senatorial rank during the empire. No church offices are known for the younger Tonantius Ferreolus and they held no known positions under the Visigothic kings in the period leading up to the Battle of Vouille unless they continued in their father's position of Rector Galliarum. They may also have been appointed Defensor Pedensis (Royal official in the city of Pedena, now in Croatia) by Ostrogothic King Theodoric in 511. They had several siblings whose names are not preserved. There is some argument as to whether Ferreolus of Narbo referred to as husband of Industria and father of Firminus is Tonantius Ferreolus or a brother. Narbo was within the realm of the Visigoths and Tonantius Ferreolus almost certainly remained loyal to Euric and Alaric II prior to the Battle of Vouille. Their involvement in that Battle is not known. Following the collapse of the Kingdom of Alaric, Southern Gaul including Narbo was briefly under the control of the Ostrogothic Kingdom in Italy. However, subsequent to the fall of the Burgundian Kingdom in the early 530's, the Austrasian Franks under Theodoric quickly took control of Burgundy and Provence as far as the Mediterranean and along the coast from at least Uzes on the west to the Italian border on the east leaving Narbo, except for one or two brief incursions, in Visigothic hands. The familial control of the See of Uzes, within whose borders much of the property of the Ferreolan villa of Prusianum was included, began during the time of Tonantius Ferreolus. Although Tonantius Ferreolus was not noted for any particular political or ecclesiastic initiative, their survival and that of their familia and properties following the loss of Gaul, first by the Roman Empire, and then the Visigoths, was to have important repercussions for the durability of Gallo Roman political identity, autonomy, laws and customs during the Merovingian and subsequent eras.
What is known of Tonantius Ferreolus' descendants from that time is derived either from the history of the see of Uzes or from those few noblemen in the family such as Ferreolus, father of Ansbert and Agilulf, who apparently relocated out of the Visigothic Kingdom or were taken as hostages, (cf Gregory of Tours' relative Attalus ) to the heartland of the Austrasian Kingdom in the vicinity of Metz and Trier. Since Ferreolus' grandfather, Tonantius Ferreolus the Elder was Prefect of Gaul (451) and possessed consular ancestors including the two Syagrii during the reign of Theodosius, Tonantius Ferreolus' Austrasia bound son Ferreolus would have possessed sufficient standing in the eyes of the Franks to marry a Frankish princess of a minor house. At the time Ferreolus will have been relocating to Austrasia from Narbo, or more likely Frankish Provence, their second cousin Parthenius, Patrician of Provence in 542 (Austrasian Governor - typically a Gallo-Roman. The title was concurrent with the title of Rector of Provence) and Tax Collector at Trier by 548 was in a position to have interceded for him.
By their wife they had the following issue:
Ferreolus, Senator of Narbonne, father of the Gallo-Roman senator Ansbertus. Settipani here cites Paul the Deacon in their work on the Bishops of Metz where Agilulf, Bishop of Metz, brother of Ansbert and uncle of Arnoald Bishop of Metz, was referred to as the "son of a senator". Metz was in the Kingdom of Austrasia and Austrasia controlled Provence which included Uzes. Although Tonantius Ferreolus who was attested at Narbo likely took the side of the Goths before the death of Alaric II, by the mid 6th century their family had clearly relocated to within Frankish territory which began west of Uzes and extended Eastward. Nîmes, just to the south and a little west of Uzes was in Visigothic hands until the Arab capture in the 8th century. Settipani, based on their reading of Paul the Deacon and the fact that the name Ferreolus was associated with the name Ansbert in two Autun Bishops in a Burgundian see that was regarded as both being hereditary and having ties with the Syagrii-Ferreoli, was persuaded apparently to accept the slightly confused 9th century account stating that the senator in question was a "Ferreolus." Settipani suggests this Ferreolus tentatively as a son of Tonantius Ferreolus and Industria. Settipani further suggests that this son married to a daughter of Frankish Ripuarian Royal house which had survived through the clemency of Theoderic of Austrasia who was thought to have been a son of Clovis' 1st wife, an unattested daughter of Sigebert, the penultimate Ripuarian Frankish king. Kelley had come to the same or a similar conclusion in 1947 but it appears from those who cite them that the original idea was that Ansbertus was a son of Tonantius Ferreolus and not a grandson.
Firminus, Bishop of Uzès in 507 (ca 490 – 538, 551 or October 11, 553); Feast Day October 11.
References
References and sources
Sidonius Apollinaris, The Letters of Sidonius (Oxford: Clarendon, 1915), pp. clx-clxxxiii
Christian Settipani, Les Ancêtres de Charlemagne (France: Éditions Christian, 1989).
Christian Settipani, Continuite Gentilice et Continuite Familiale Dans Les Familles Senatoriales Romaines A L'epoque Imperiale, Mythe et Realite, Addenda I - III (juillet 2000- octobre 2002) (n.p.: Prosopographica et Genealogica, 2002).
Ralph Whitney Mathisen, "The Ecclesiastical Aristocracy of Fifth Century Gaul: A Regional Analysis of Family Structure." Doctoral Dissertation, University of Wisconsin. University Microfilms (1979).
Christian Settipani, "L'apport de l'onomastique dans l'etude des genealogies carolingiennes" in ONOMASTIQUE ET PARENTE DANS L'OCCIDENT MEDIEVAL, Ed. K. S. B. Rohan & C. Settipani, Prosopographica et Genealogica (2000)
T. Stanford Mommaerts & David H. Kelley, "The Anicii of Gaul and Rome." in Fifth-Century Gaul: A Crisis of Identity? edited by John Drinkwater and Hugh Elton. Cambridge, 1992.
Gregory of Tours, The History of the Franks translated by Lewis Thorpe. Penguin. (1977) (free Latin edition)
J. R. Martindale, The Prosopography of the Later Roman Empire, Volume II AD 395 - 527, Cambridge University Press, 1980.
5th-century births
6th-century deaths
5th-century Gallo-Roman people
Ancient Roman soldiers
Senators of the Roman Empire
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
The Kaliakra gas field is a natural gas field located on the continental shelf of the Black Sea located approximately 30km Southeast of Varna, Bulgaria. It was discovered by Melrose Resources plc in 2007 and brought on production in November 2010 through a subsea wellhead and tie-back pipeline to the Galata field platform infrastructure to the West.
Discovery
The Kaliakra gas field was discovered in late 2007 by Melrose Resources plc, the discovery well was drilled using the Atwood Southern Cross semi-submersible drilling rig.
Development
The majority of the operational development project work for the Kaliakra field development plan was undertaken during 2010 by Melrose Resources plc. The field came on production in November 2010.
Production and Reserves
The total proven reserves of the Kaliakra gas field are around at standard conditions, and production is stated to be around per day at standard conditions in 2015.
Operator
The current operator of the field is Petroceltic who merged with Melrose Resources Plc in 2012. Petroceltic was acquired by Worldview Capital Management, a Cayman Island-based financial fund in June 2016.
References
Black Sea energy
Natural gas fields in Bulgaria
Ľuboš Benkovský (born 22 February 1989) is a Slovak professional football manager and a former player, who last managed ViOn Zlaté Moravce in the Fortuna Liga.
References
External links
Futbalnet profile
1989 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Trnava
Slovak footballers
Slovak football managers
FC Horses Šúrovce players
FC Neded players
3. Liga (Slovakia) players
4. Liga (Slovakia) players
FC Lokomotíva Košice managers
FK Slavoj Trebišov managers
FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce managers
Slovak Super Liga managers
2. Liga (Slovakia) managers
Association footballers not categorized by position
The Pavilion at Pan Am, originally Pan American Arena, was a twin rink ice hockey and skating arena located in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana, U.S. and part of the broader Pan American Plaza, which was built in commemoration of the 1987 Pan American Games held in Indianapolis. The arena is now the largest independently own live music venue in Indianapolis operated Indy Pavilion LLC owners Cebronica Luft, Jason Jenkins and Jason Stellema.
The Pavilion at Pan Am was operated by the Indiana/World Skating Academy and has one standard ice rink (NHL size) and one ice rink (Olympic Games size). These high quality rinks, coupled with a research center devoted to testing skaters' athletic prowess, has established The Pavilion at Pan Am as a primary training site for striving young hockey players and figure skaters.
Following the suspension of operations by the Indiana/World Skating Academy in April 2013, Pan Am Sports Incorporated assumed day-to-day operational responsibility for the ice rinks at Pan Am Plaza. With the change in management, the facility was also rebranded as Pan Am Pavilion and served as the official training facility of the Indiana Ice, a member of the United States Hockey League, until late 2014.
In 2015, Indy Pavilion LLC took over the facility and rebranded it as the Pavilion at Pan Am, a live events center. To date, the venue has played host to over 600 events and has been a staple to the Indianapolis music scene and Downtown economy.
External links
Official Pavilion at Pan Am website
References
Indoor ice hockey venues in the United States
Music venues in Indiana
Sports venues in Indianapolis
Ice hockey venues in Indiana
Sports venues completed in 1987
Qeshlaq-e Ganji (, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ganjī) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 414, in 90 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Douglas Richmond Bell (4 November 1908 – 19 October 1944) was an English track and field athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games they won the silver medal in the discus throw event and finished fifth in the hammer throw competition.
Captain Bell died in service with the York and Lancaster Regiment in World War II
References
commonwealthgames.com results
Douglas Bell's grave
1908 births
1944 deaths
English male hammer throwers
British male discus throwers
British male hammer throwers
English male discus throwers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
York and Lancaster Regiment officers
British Army personnel killed in World War II
WEKU (88.9 FM) is a Peabody award-winning National Public Radio-charter member station licensed to Richmond, Kentucky serving central and eastern Kentucky, including nearby Lexington. Owned by Eastern Kentucky University, WEKU primarily broadcasts NPR news and talk programming along with locally produced content including Eastern Standard as well as local news and arts and cultural stories.
The station is one of two full NPR members serving Lexington, the other being the University of Kentucky's WUKY. Lexington is thus one of the smallest markets with two competing full NPR member stations.
WEKU broadcasts live separate news and classical streams online at weku.org and on the WEKU mobile app.
Translators
WEKU operates four full-power satellite stations, along with five low-power translator stations. Their combined footprint covers nearly half of the Commonwealth.
References
External links
WEKU official website
NPR member stations
EKU
Peabody Award winners
Khartuwa is a small village in the Sitalpati V.D.C. Ward no.6 of Sankhuwasabha District, located in one of the most remote part of eastern Nepal. It is situated approximately 12 km north from the headquarters Khandbari, where the people go for shopping and other daily needs. It resides calmly on the lap of mount Makalu (8462m), which is one of the highest peaks of the world. The village is rich in forest and water resources.
Community
The village is mainly occupied by the Lohorung community and has a population of about 500 people. The community living in Khartuwa are mostly dependent on agriculture. Most of young people are working abroad in foreign countries like Arab countries, the United Kingdom, the United States and Australia.
Public amenities
There is one primary school named Bal Balika Primary School, but there is no high school in the village, meaning the students have to travel to nearby high schools viz. Aangla School or Chandanpur School after they cross primary level (i.e. 5th grade). It does not have proper transportation facility. However, a gravel road is under construction. There is also a temple called Mahadevthaan and a natural stone sprout called Dhyaadhara from where the village people fetch water for drinking and washing purposes.
Daily life
The Lohorung people of this village spend most of their time doing household activities such as cooking meal, feeding domestic animals, fetching drinking water. Their daily mode of life is based on agriculture. They plant crops like paddy, wheat, millet etc. according to the seasonal calendar. The female member usually do the household chores and the male member do the outdoor works such as ploughing the rice fields, irrigating the fields.
References
Hardman, Charlotte E. (2000), Other Worlds: Notions of Self and Emotion among the Lohorung Rai, Berg, Oxford, New York
External links
Location of Khartuwa Village
https://web.archive.org/web/20130102061929/http://lohorung.org.np/
Populated places in Sankhuwasabha District
pl:Sitalpati (Sankhuwasabha)
The Otranto Bridge was located northwest of St. Ansgar, Iowa, United States. It carried traffic on 480th Avenue over the Cedar River for . The supervisors from Mitchell County contracted with the Chicago Bridge and Iron Company (CBI) to build two bridges in the county. Chicago engineer Horace E. Horton from CBI designed this Camelback through truss bridge. It replaced and older span at the same location, and it was completed in 1899 for $3,257. The Otranto Bridge was one of the few Camelbacks through truss bridges built in Iowa. It was replaced by a modern bridge and was privately owned before being dismantled.
The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1998. It was removed in 2020.
References
Bridges completed in 1899
Buildings and structures in Mitchell County, Iowa
National Register of Historic Places in Mitchell County, Iowa
Road bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Truss bridges in Iowa
Parker truss bridges in the United States
Former National Register of Historic Places in Iowa
Chloe Wang may refer to:
Chloe Bennet (Chloe Wang, born 1992), American actor and singer
Chloe Wang (Taiwanese actor) (born 1986), Taiwanese actor, singer and host
The Cleveland Squash Classic 2016 is the women's edition of the 2016 Cleveland Classic, which is a tournament of the PSA World Tour event International (Prize money : 50 000 $). The event took place at the Cleveland Racket Club in Cleveland, Ohio in the United States from 30 January to 2 February. Camille Serme won their first Cleveland Classic trophy, beating Alison Waters in the final.
Prize money and ranking points
For 2016, the prize purse was $50,000. The prize money and points breakdown is as follows:
Seeds
Draw and results
See also
Cleveland Classic
2016 PSA World Tour
References
External links
PSA Cleveland Classic 2016 website
Cleveland Classic 2016 Squashsite website
Women's Cleveland Classic
Women's Cleveland Classic
2016 in American sports
Cleveland Classic
TCP Software (TimeClock Plus, LLC) is a cloud-based time and attendance workforce management system founded in 1988 to serve the time tracking needs in the restaurant industry. Developed as a DOS application, the system developed into a Windows application, and ultimately into a web application. The software is available under a perpetual license or a SaaS (Software as a service) and serves approximately 30,000 customers with millions of users in both the public and private sectors.
TCP meets the needs of its customers by providing workforce management software and hardware designed to help administrators track employees, manage labor costs and reduce compliance risk. TCP's software includes Time & Attendance, Leave Management, Document Management, Advanced and Dynamic Scheduling and more, all of which integrate with major payroll and ERP/HCM systems. TCP also has an extensive array of time collection devices including biometric badge readers and an award-winning temperature reader (Thermal Sensor). The core Time Clock easily mounts to a wall and is highly configurable with multiple input methods including a touch screen and touchless options. The MobileClock app and WebClock application make it easy for employees to clock in and out while data is immediately recorded in a Microsoft SQL database. TimeClock Manager is a web application for administrators to review hours, enter leave, run reports, and send hours to payroll.
History
TCP Software (TimeClock Plus, LLC) was developed in 1988 and known as Data Management Inc. (DMI), which later became known as TimeClock Plus, LLC. The software was written in DOS and several versions were released up to 1994, with one in 1999 to fix the year 2000 problem. Versions were also written for SCO UNIX and IBM AIX. The first version for Microsoft Windows was released in 1994.
Until 2005, the software used a Dbase compatible database, but from version 5.0, it changed to Microsoft SQL. In 2006 the first web version was released as a simple, scaled down version of 5.0 for Windows. This removed the necessity of a client installation and also made the system available to Macintosh users for the first time. In 2008 a complete web version of 5.0 for Windows was introduced.
In 2010 web version 3.0 was released with all the functionality of 6.0 for Windows. Later, TimeClock Plus Hybrid was released, which allowed 3.0 for Web and 6.0 for Windows to operate together. This was followed by the SaaS model, TimeClock Plus OnDemand, which allows subscribers to use the application on a database hosted by Data Management Inc. at a SAS 70 compliant data center with encrypted data transmission and daily backups. Two new employee access points were introduced in 2011: an interactive voice response system and mobile applications that run on Android and iPhone.
In August 2011 a partnership was announced between TimeClock Plus and Windsor Management Group, which services "850+ school districts" around the country, to bundle TimeClock Plus with the financial and HR management solution, Infinite Visions. In September the same year, TimeClock Plus announced that it had formed a partnership with the Texas Computer Cooperative (TCC) which provides administrative software to Texas schools,
In 2020, TimeClock Plus, LLC was acquired by a Providence Equity Partners and the company rebranded to TCP Software for marketing purposes (the legal name remains TimeClock Plus, LLC). Today, TCP provides time tracking, scheduling, leave management, document management, data analytics and reporting software, a highly configurable time clock collection, and an ability to integrate into payroll and ERP/HCM providers.
Features
The TimeClock Plus v7 software includes several web applications.
The administrative application is TimeClock Manager where employees, managers, job codes, and business rules are created and maintained. Important information is reflected on the dashboard in interactive widgets. Tools are available to manage hours and leave requests, generate a report, determine job code status, and total hours for the day or week to prevent unnecessary overtime, send employee messages, build schedules, and track tips for service industries. The reports break down employee time, job codes, and other information in different ways.
WebClock is the interface used by employees to clock in, clock out, go on break, change job code, and carry out other enabled tasks such as viewing and approving hours, viewing schedules, and entering time sheets or leave requests. Missed punches may also be enabled to save time when an employee forgets to clock in or out. Hardware is also available for clock operations involving a terminal that can be mounted on the wall, which is configured and controlled by another web application called Clock Hub.
Another web application is TimeClock Scheduler where schedules are created and maintained.
There are also over 100 payroll interface modules that can transfer hours to payroll systems.
Reception
In 1992, the New York Times wrote that "Unlike many flashy software products, Timeclock Plus works just fine on older PC-XT's" and it can "streamline paperwork and provide managers with a handy tool for analyzing labor costs." In the same year, the Miami Herald wrote that "TimeClock Plus will maintain the records of as many as 10,000 employees."
In April 2011, the San Angelo Standard Times reported that TimeClock Plus scales to any size from small family owned shops to large companies like NASA and that about 50,000 companies were using the system including Boeing, Harley-Davidson, Ford Motor Company, Dial, and Sara Lee.
See also
NETtime Solutions
Redcort Software
Time clock
Timesheet
References
Business software
Jsem Moravan (English: I am a Moravian), sometimes also called Ó Moravo (English: Oh, Moravia), is a song composed by Václav Novotný in late 19th century. Jsem Moravan is along with songs Moravo, Moravo and Bože cos ráčil considered one of the anthems of historical region Moravia in the Czech Republic. Out of these three Jsem Moravan is the most commonly recognized as primary unofficial anthem, although it is rarely used nowadays.
The exact date of composition of the song is not known, but it very likely that Novotný composed it during their stay in the moravian town of Ivančice. Jsem Moravan was first published in the Písně pro školní mládež (English: Songs for school youth) collection in 1867. The lyrics were later rewritten by Kašpar Pivoda and released in 1904 as part of the Sokolský zpěvník (English: Sokol song-book). The newer version song has become popular among members of an all-age gymnastics organization Sokol, which also promoted czech nationalism amongst czech people in opposition to Austrian and Hungarian dominance within Austria-Hungary. Sokol was disbanded in Czechoslovakia after Communist coup d'état in 1948 due to ideological reasons and the fact that many Sokol members participated as part of Western resistance against Nazi Germany. Although the Sokols reappeared briefly during the Prague Spring of 1968, the Sokol movement was revived again after the 1989 revolution. Jsem Moravan is sometimes sung by Sokols on important occasions since then.
Lyrics
Pivoda's lyrics
Jsem Moravan — toť chlouba má,
kdo, rcete, otčinu mou zná?
Kdo zná ten požehnaný kraj,
ten utěšený zemský ráj?
Ó Moravo — ty vlasti má,
tys země moje přemilá!
Zde Rostislav, zde Svatopluk
mé drahé mluvy střehli zvuk.
Zde posvátný konával děj
na Velehradě Metoděj.
Ó Moravo, ó vlasti má,
tys dávnou slávou věnčená!
Zde Olomúc, kde Jaroslav
byl potřel Tatar vrahóv dav;
zde Moravan vždy k boji stál,
když ve zbraň volal jeho král!
Ó Moravo, ó vlasti má,
tys krví otců svěcená!
Zde každý kraj má nový div —
zde onen dobrý lid je živ.
Ten miluje svou Moravu
a dbá o její oslavu.
Jsem Moravan, k tomu se znám
a za vlast statek, život dám!
Original lyrics
Moravan jsem — to je má slast,
kdo znáte moji krásnou vlast?
K té já se srdcem vroucím znám,
pro ni rád statek, život dám?
Ó Moravo — ó vlasti má,
tys drahých předků otčina!
Zde Rostislav, zde Svatopluk
mé drahé mluvy střehli zvuk.
Zde první konal svatý děj
na Velehradě Methoděj.
Ó Moravo — ó vlasti má!
Velehrad tvůj září znova!
Zde Hostýn náš, zde Olomouc,
kde zlomena zlých Tatar moc.
Zde s Moravany český lev,
pro svobodu proléval krev.
Ó Moravo, ó vlasti má!
Krví praotců svěcená!
Zde Macocha, zde divů kraj,
zde brněnský se pyšní háj.
Zde obilí bohatý zdroj,
zde Hanáků malebný kroj.
Ó Moravo, ó vlasti má!
Ty's vší krásou požehnaná.
References
External links
https://vlast.cz/jsem-moravan/
Anthems
Czech songs
Moravia
The Volunteer Officers' Decoration was instituted in 1892 as an award for long and meritorious service by officers of the United Kingdom's Volunteer Force. In 1894, the grant of the decoration was extended to commissioned officers of Volunteer Forces throughout the British Empire. A separate new decoration was instituted, the Volunteer Officers' Decoration for India and the Colonies, post-nominal letters VD.
Awarding of this decoration was discontinued in 1899, when it was superseded by the Colonial Auxiliary Forces Officers' Decoration and later, in respect of India, by the Indian Volunteer Forces Officers' Decoration.
Origin
The Volunteer Officers' Decoration, colloquially known as the Volunteer Decoration, was instituted by Queen Victoria's Royal Warrant on 25 July 1892. The decoration could be awarded to efficient and thoroughly capable officers of proven capacity for long and meritorious service in the part-time Volunteer Force of the United Kingdom. The qualifying period of service was twenty years.
Institution
On 24 May 1894, the grant of the Volunteer Officers' Decoration was extended by Queen Victoria's Royal Warrant to commissioned officers of Volunteer Forces throughout the British Empire, defined as being India, the Dominion of Canada, the Crown Colonies and the Crown Dependencies. A separate new decoration was instituted, the Volunteer Officers' Decoration for India and the Colonies. This decoration was similar in design to the Volunteer Officers' Decoration, but bore the Royal Cypher "VRI" (Victoria Regina Imperatrix) instead of "VR" (Victoria Regina).
Even so, some Crown Dependencies continued to award the Volunteer Officers' Decoration instead of the Colonial version, until the Efficiency Decoration was instituted in September 1930.
Award criteria
The qualifying period of service was also twenty years, except in India where it was eighteen years. Service in the Volunteer Forces of any portion of the Empire was reckoned as part of the qualifying service required for this Decoration, while half of any previous service in the Permanent Forces of the Empire also counted towards qualification. The award did not confer any individual precedence, but entitled the recipient to use the post-nominal letters VD.
The power of conferring the decoration and of revoking the award was exercised on behalf of the Queen by the Governor-General of India, the Governor-General of the Dominion of Canada or the Governors of the respective Colonies or Dependencies. The names of officers of the Empire who were awarded the decoration, or whose award was revoked, were published in the Official Gazettes of India or of the relevant Crown Colony or Dependency instead of in the London Gazette.
Order of wear
In the order of wear prescribed by the British Central Chancery of the Orders of Knighthood, the Volunteer Officers' Decoration for India and the Colonies takes precedence after the Volunteer Long Service Medal and before the Volunteer Long Service Medal for India and the Colonies.
South Africa
With effect from 6 April 1952, when a new South African set of decorations and medals was instituted to replace the British awards used to date, the older British decorations and medals which were applicable to South Africa continued to be worn in the same order of precedence but, with the exception of the Victoria Cross, took precedence after all South African decorations and medals awarded to South Africans on or after that date. Of the official British medals which were applicable to South Africans, the Volunteer Officers' Decoration for India and the Colonies takes precedence as shown.
Preceded by the Medal for Long Service and Good Conduct (South Africa).
Succeeded by the Volunteer Long Service Medal for India and the Colonies.
Description
The decoration is an oval skeletal design and was struck in silver, with parts of the obverse in silver-gilt. It is high and wide, with a ring suspender formed of silver wire.
Obverse The obverse is an oak leaf wreath in silver, tied with gold, with the royal cypher "VRI" below the royal crown, both in gold, in the centre.
Reverse The reverse is plain, with the hallmarks impressed at the bottom. The decoration was awarded unnamed, but was frequently unofficially engraved in various styles.
Ribbon The ribbon is the same as that of the Volunteer Officers' Decoration, dark green and wide. It is suspended from a silver bar-brooch, decorated with an oak leaf pattern.
Discontinuation
In 1899, except in respect of the Indian Empire where it would later be superseded by the Indian Volunteer Forces Officers' Decoration, the Volunteer Officers' Decoration for India and the Colonies was superseded by the Colonial Auxiliary Forces Officers' Decoration, instituted by Royal Warrant on 18 May 1899 and amended by further Warrants on 3 August 1902 and 9 June 1921.
References
Long and Meritorious Service Medals of Britain and the Commonwealth
Military awards and decorations of Australia
Military awards and decorations of Canada
Military awards and decorations of India
New Zealand Meritorious & Long Service Awards
Military decorations and medals of South Africa
Military decorations and medals of South Africa pre-1952
Awards established in 1894
Charles Harold "Dutch" McCallister (October 14, 1903 – October 22, 1997) was an American water polo player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
They were born in Madison, South Dakota and died in Los Angeles, California.
In 1932 they were part of the American team which won the bronze medal. They played all four matches.
Four years later at the 1936 Summer Olympics they were a member of the American team which was eliminated in the first round of the 1936 tournament. They played all three matches.
In 1980, they were inducted into the USA Water Polo Hall of Fame.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in water polo (men)
References
External links
Interview 1988 by George Hodak
1903 births
1997 deaths
American male water polo players
Water polo players at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the United States in water polo
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
People from Madison, South Dakota
Long Beach Polytechnic High School alumni
Guangyun is a 1008 Chinese rime dictionary.
Guangyun may also refer to:
Guangyun Subdistrict, a subdistrict in Wucheng County, Shandong, China
Guangyun Temple, Buddhist temple in Cangyuan Va Autonomous County, Yunnan, China
Historical eras
Guangyun (586–587), era name used by Emperor Jing of Western Liang
Guangyun (974–979), era name used by Liu Jiyuan, emperor of Northern Han
Guangyun (1034–1036), era name used by Emperor Jingzong of Western Xia
Chauncey Kilmer (Kim) Myers (14 February 1916 – 27 June 1981) was bishop of the Diocese of California in the Episcopal Church from 1967 to 1979.
Early life and education
Myers was born on February 14, 1916, in Schuylerville, New York. They graduated with a B.A. in sociology from Rutgers University in 1937. They studied at Berkeley Divinity School and gained their Bachelor of Sacred Theology and Doctor of Sacred Theology in 1940. They were also awarded with an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree by Rutgers University in 1962.
Priest
They were ordained a deacon on May 27, 1940, and a priest on December 21 of the same year. They taught church history at Berkeley, first as a resident fellow and then as an instructor between 1940 and 1943. In 1943 they became rector of St Mark's Church in Buffalo, New York, and in 1944 became a chaplain in the United States Navy, a post they held till 1946. In 1946 they became an instructor at the General Theological Seminary, and in 1949 became a lecturer in pastoral theology at the same seminary. Myers was appointed vicar of St Augustine and Christ Church in New York, part of the then Trinity parish, and served in this post from 1952 till 1960. Later they were appointed as vicar of the Church of the Intercession in New York. In 1963 they became the first director of the Urban Training Center for Christian Mission in Chicago.
Suffragan of Michigan
In 1964 Myers was elected Suffragan Bishop of Michigan. They were consecrated bishop on September 29, 1964 in St Paul's Cathedral in Detroit by John Pares Craine, Bishop of Indianapolis who was acting for Presiding Bishop Lichtenberger. The co-consecrators were the Bishop of Michigan Richard S. M. Emrich and Archie H. Crowley, Suffragan Bishop of Michigan.
Bishop of California
On September 14, 1966, Myers was elected as Bishop of California, succeeding Bishop James Pike and became diocesan bishop on January 14, 1967. As Bishop of California, Myers made headlines numerous times, notably due to their criticism of the Vietnam War, fight against racism and corruption within the government. They even denounced the views of Cardinal Spellman of New York on the Vietnam War as outrageous. They also voiced their opposition to the ordination of women; however, they voted in favor in the 1976 General Convention which consequently approved the ordination of women. In 1967, they raised some controversy when they stated that Christian unity could be achieved if all Christians recognized the pope as their spiritual leader. However, their views changed a few years later when they criticized the pope for their opposition on birth control. They retired on December 31, 1979, due to health reasons. Myers was also in favor of ministering to homosexual people as they themselves stated in the report of the Theological Committee at the House of Bishop's meeting in Port St. Lucie, Florida, in 1977. They moved to Healdsburg, California, after their retirement.
Private life
Myers married Katie Lea Stewart, and together they adopted three children. Myers died on June 27, 1981, as a result of internal hemorrhaging at the University of California Hospital in San Francisco after a week-long hospitalization.
References
1916 births
1981 deaths
People from Saratoga County, New York
Rutgers University alumni
Yale Divinity School alumni
20th-century American Episcopalians
Episcopal bishops of California
20th-century American clergy
Rosana Ferreira de Aleluia (born 2 January 1970) is a Brazilian former handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Brazilian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Brazil
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Salvador, Bahia
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Pan American Games gold medalists for Brazil
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Brazil
Handball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Nayathod or Nayathode is a village near nedumbassery in Ernakulam district in the Indian state of Kerala. It is the birthplace of the Malayalam poet G. Sankara Kurup.
References
Villages in Ernakulam district
Abdel Moneim Madbouly (, December 28, 1921 – July 9, 2006) was an Egyptian actor, comedian and playwright.
Biography
Madbouly was born in Cairo and started acting at seven years old following the death of their father, as their family needed the money. Later on, they joined Fatma Rushdi's troupe of actors before joining the theatre of renowned Lebanese actor George Abyad.
Madbouly had an extensive career and is considered one of the greatest in the history of Egyptian and Arabic entertainment industry. They wrote, directed and acted in numerous plays, films and TV roles. Their unique comedy style of depicting heartbroken old men was called Madboulism, and is much imitated by other performers from the middle east region. Adel Emam is probably the best known performer to use the Madboulism style.
Films
In Al-Hawa Sawa: 1951
My Mom and Me: 1957
Me and My Heart: 1957
Love Festival: 1958
Between Heaven and Earth: 1959
Heignonne: 1960
Take Me With You: 1965
Love for All: 1965
Kill Me Please: 1965
In Summer We Must Love: 1974
Death
Abdel Moneim Madbouly died in Cairo in 2006 of congestive heart failure.
Resources
External links
1921 births
2006 deaths
Egyptian male film actors
Egyptian comedians
Egyptian male television actors
Egyptian male stage actors
20th-century comedians
National Geographic Adventure was a magazine started in 1999 by the National Geographic Society in the United States. The first issue was published in Spring 1999. Regular publication of the magazine ended in December 2009, and the name was reused for a biannual newsstand publication. The last issue was December 2009/January 2010.
Features
The magazine covered adventure travel, environmental issues, natural science, and other topics related to the outdoors. It focused on adventure travel and included:
Regular features
"First In", that featured recent adventure travel news
"Gear", that featured experts' recommendations of good gear that would improve ones' vacation experience
"Living It" that featured Adventure tips, ways to avoid danger, ways to help, etc.
"Next Weekend", that featured good weekend trips from all across the U.S.
"Where Next", that featured vacation destinations across the world
Adventurer of the Year
Annually, a slate of adventurers were named National Geographic Adventure Adventurer of the Year", in a variety of categories. For example, the December 2008/January 2009 issue named "Fourteen people who dreamed big, pushed their limits, and made our year". One, Pemba Gyalje Sherpa, was named for "extreme heroism under trying extreme circumstances" for repeatedly risking their lives to successfully rescue several mountaineers stranded on the mountain, during the 2008 K2 disaster.
Masthead
John Rasmus served as the editor-in-chief of the magazine from its inception to its closure.
Sam Serebin and Tom Bentkowski were the design team responsible for the initial prototype and first six issues of the magazine.
References
External links
Official National Geographic Adventure website
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Environmental magazines
Hobby magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1999
Magazines disestablished in 2009
Magazines published in Washington, D.C.
National Geographic Society magazines
Science and technology magazines published in the United States
1999 establishments in the United States
Hoya aldrichii , commonly known as the Christmas Island Waxvine is a species of flowering plant in the Apocynaceae or dogbane family. It is a vine that is endemic to Christmas Island, an Australian territory in the north-eastern Indian Ocean, where it is a common epiphyte in the shrublands of the island's coastal terraces. The specific epithet honours Captain Aldrich, commander of the survey vessel HMS Egeria, which visited Christmas Island in 1887.
Description
Hoya aldrichii is a tall climber. Its stems are glabrous with pale bark. The leaves are elliptical, rounded at the base, entire, acuminate or acute and glabrous; they are 75–150 mm long, 35–60 mm wide, with a 10–15 mm long petiole. The flowers occur in umbels of 15–30, are white through pink to deep purple-pink in colour, and are fragrant at night. The seeds are oblong and about 5 mm long.
Taxonomy
The vine has at times been considered close to, or even synonymous with, H. cinnamomifolia Hook., H. pottsii Traill., and H. diversifolia Blume.
References
Notes
Sources
aldrichii
Gentianales of Australia
Endemic flora of Christmas Island
Vines
Plants described in 1890
Taxa named by William Hemsley (botanist)
Dance in the City is a painting by French artist Pierre-Auguste Renoir. The 1883 work is in the collection of the Musée d'Orsay. The dancers are model and artist Suzanne Valadon and Renoir's friend Paul Auguste Lhôte.
This work, along with companion pieces Dance in the Country and Dance at Bougival, was produced to order for the art dealer Paul Durand-Ruel. All three were painted in 1883 featuring two people dancing in different environments (although the woman in Dance in the Country was modelled by Aline Charigot, later Renoir's wife).
References
1883 paintings
Paintings by Pierre-Auguste Renoir
Paintings in the collection of the Musée d'Orsay
Dance in art
Suzanne Valadon
{{Infobox television
| image =
| image_upright =
| image_size =
| image_alt =
| caption =
| alt_name =
| genre =
| creator =
| based_on =
| developer =
| writer = Dilawar Khan
| screenplay =
| story =
| director = Shafqat Moin-ud-Din
| creative_director =
| presenter =
| starring =
| judges =
| voices = SingersSahir Ali BaggaBeena Khan
| narrated =
| theme_music_composer =
| opentheme =
| endtheme =
| composer = Sahir Ali Bagga
| country = Pakistan
| language = Urdu
| num_seasons = 1
| num_episodes = 97
| list_episodes =
| executive_producer =
| producer = Eveready Pictures
| editor = Syed Arsalan Ali and Irfan Qasim
| location =
| cinematography = Azhar Abbas
| camera = Multi-camera setup
| runtime = 15 – 20 minutes
| company =
| distributor = Hum Network Limited
| budget =
| network = Hum TV
| picture_format =
| audio_format = Stereophonic sound
| released =
| first_aired =
| last_aired =
| preceded_by = Haya Ke Daaman Main
| followed_by = Jithani
| related =
}}Bad Gumaan (; lit: Mistrust'''''), is a Pakistani romantic television drama serial and soap that aired on 19 September 2016 on Hum TV. It is produced by Momina Duraid under MD Productions It stars Shamil Khan, Imran Ashraf, Omer Farooq and Javeria Abbasi.
Plot
The story revolves around a family man Salman, who is happily living with their wife Sania, and two daughters. Salman's sister living in the same house, whose one daughter is married to Sania's brother. Salman's life changes, when a graceful lady enters their office. Sabahat is a mature woman, who didn't marry because of their younger brother's responsibility. Now, they are looking to marry Raheel, their younger brother into some decent family. After a little development, Raheel's proposal is accepted for Salman's niece. During the marriage, Salman and Sabahat get to know each other quite well, this develops into an intimate relationship. Although, Salman is married and well settled with their family, they cannot stay away from Sabahat's persona. This creates a strange dilemma.
Cast
Shamil Khan as Salman
Omer Farooq as Raheel
Mahjabeen Habib as Sania
Zahra Shah as Abeera
Imran Ashraf as Jawad
Amar Khan as Saman
Javeria Abbasi as Sabahat
Abid Ali as Nawaz
Humaira Bano as Sania's mother
Farhan Ali Agha
Erum Azam as Zoya
Hashim Butt as Jibran
Birjees Farooqui as Jibran's wife
Nargis Rasheed as Shaista
See also
List of programs broadcast by Hum TV
2016 in Pakistani television
References
External links
Official Website
Hum TV
Hum Network Limited
Hum TV original programming
Pakistani romantic drama television series
Pakistani television soap operas
Serial drama television series
MD Productions
Television series by MD Productions
Television series created by Momina Duraid
Urdu-language television shows
2016 Pakistani television series debuts
Suresh Kashinath Taware is a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. They represent the Bhiwandi constituency of Maharashtra and is a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party.
References
Living people
Indian National Congress politicians
India MPs 2009–2014
Marathi politicians
Lok Sabha members from Maharashtra
People from Bhiwandi
Politics of Thane district
Year of birth missing (living people)
Indian National Congress politicians from Maharashtra
Stirling Energy Systems was a Scottsdale, Arizona-based company which developed equipment for utility-scale renewable energy power plants and distributed electrical generating systems using parabolic dish and stirling engine technology, touted as the highest efficiency solar technology.
In April 2008, Ireland-based NTR purchased a majority stake in Stirling Energy Systems for $100M. As of 8/3/2011 NTR reported they were seeking 3rd party investment in Stirling Energy Systems.
On 29 September 2011 Stirling Energy Systems filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy, due to falling PV prices caused by subsidized Chinese Photo Voltaic.
In April 2012 the Maricopa Solar plant in Phoenix, Arizona was bought by United Sun Systems (Now TEXEL Energy Storage) in a joint venture with a Chinese/American corporation.
Overview
According to their website, Stirling Energy Systems (SES) was a systems integration and project management company that is developing equipment for utility-scale renewable energy power plants and distributed electric generating systems ("gensets"). SES is teamed with Kockums Submarine Systems, NASA-Glenn Research Center, the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE), and The Boeing Company for solar power plants. SES claimed it was positioned to become a premier worldwide renewable energy technology company to meet the global demand for renewable electric generating technologies through the commercialization of its own stirling cycle engine technology for solar power generation applications.
Bankruptcy
On 29 September 2011, Stirling Energy Systems filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy as the Stirling dish technology could not compete against the falling costs of solar photovoltaics, according to media reports. The falling photovoltaic prices were caused by Chinese subsidies.
In April 2012 the Maricopa Solar plant in Phoenix, Arizona was bought by a European formation based in London called United Sun Systems.
At the beginning of 2011 Stirling Energy's development arm, Tessera Solar, sold off its two large projects, the 709 MW Imperial Valley Solar Project and the 850 MW Calico Solar Energy Project to AES Solar and K.Road, respectively.
See also
Solar power plants in the Mojave Desert
References
External links
November 15, 2005 in Wired News -Stirling Systems signed contracts with Con Ed to build plants in the Mojave.
May 2005 in Fortune Magazine - Stirling Energy Systems makes Fortune Magazine's 25 BREAKOUT COMPANIES 2005.
Feb 2005 in Popular Science Magazine - Dishing Out Real Power - Costs are down, interest is up, and the Stirling solar system is ready to flick the switch.
Jan 2005 in US News - It has been said that solar energy is the future of energy and always will be. But growing concern about climate change and high oil prices is generating new interest in ways to more efficiently capture the power of the sun.
Irish Times NTR posts record-breaking losses of €381m
Defunct technology companies of the United States
Companies based in Phoenix, Arizona
Renewable energy technology companies
Solar thermal energy
Stirling engines
Utemini is an administrative ward in the Singida Urban district of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 12,365 people in the ward, from 11,269 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
John Bertram Stirling (1888–1988) was one of Canada's leading engineers and business people in the first half of the 20th century.
They were born in Dundas, Ontario and educated at Queen's University (BA 1909, BSc 1911, LLD 1951), where, among other things, they were a founding member of the Queen's Bands. They served with the Canadian Engineers in France during World War I. They were an internationally renowned engineer, and became president of the Montreal-based EGM Cape and Company Ltd. They served terms as president of the Engineering Institute of Canada, the Montreal Board of Trade, the Canadian Construction Association, and other business organizations.
They were elected as Chancellor of Queen's in 1964. They served in this position until 1974, when they retired at the age of 86. They received the Sir John Kennedy Medal in 1954 and the Order of Canada in 1969. Stirling Hall at Queen's, the physics building, is named in their memory.
Businesspeople from Ontario
1888 births
1988 deaths
Queen's University at Kingston alumni
Chancellors of Queen's University at Kingston
People from Dundas, Ontario
20th-century Canadian engineers
Members of the Order of Canada
The term Turk may refer to either the Turkish peoples in general, or a specific one of these peoples, typically the Turkish people:
History of the Turkish people
History of the Turkic peoples
Lists of Star Wars cast members cover cast members of productions by Star Wars, an American media franchise centered on a series of science fiction films. The lists include cast members of feature films, television series and television films.
Feature films
Film actors, cast and characters that have appeared in Star Wars films
Television series
Television series actors, cast and characters that have appeared in Star Wars television series
Droids cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on the Droids television series
Ewoks cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on the Ewoks television series
Clone Wars cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on Clone Wars television series
The Clone Wars cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on The Clone Wars television series
Rebels cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on the Rebels television series
Forces of Destiny cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on the Forces of Destiny television series
Resistance cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on the Resistance television series
The Mandalorian cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on The Mandalorian television series
The Book of Boba Fett cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on The Book of Boba Fett television series
Obi-Wan Kenobi cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on the Obi-Wan Kenobi television series
Andor cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on the Andor television series
Ahsoka cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on the Ahsoka television series
Television films
Star Wars Holiday Special cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on the Star Wars Holiday Special television film
Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on the Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure television film
Ewoks: The Battle for Endor cast and characters, cast and characters that have appeared on the Ewoks: The Battle for Endor television film
See also
List of Star Wars characters
Lists of actors by film series
Lists of actors by science fiction television series
Cast members
Khan Sahib () is a town sub-district and a notified area committee in Budgam district in the central Kashmir, union territory of Jammu and Kashmir, India. v
Demographics
Khan Sahib had a population of 2,038 India census. Males constitute 50% of the population and females 50%. Khan Sahib has an average literacy rate of 89%, : male literacy is 87, and female literacy is 62%. In Khan Sahib, 12% of the population is under 6 years of age
Municipal committee
Municipal Committee Khansahib is a local body which administrates the town of Khansahib in Budgam district, Jammu and Kashmir, India. It has 7 elected members. Its last elections took place on 8 October 2018.
Keys:
References
Cities and towns in Budgam district
Mechanica (; 1736) is a two-volume work published by mathematician Leonhard Euler which describes analytically the mathematics governing movement.
Euler both developed the techniques of analysis and applied them to numerous problems in mechanics,
notably in later publications the calculus of variations.
Euler's laws of motion expressed scientific laws of Galileo and Newton in terms of points in reference frames and coordinate systems making them useful for calculation when the statement of a problem or example is slightly changed from the original.
Newton–Euler equations express the dynamics of a rigid body. Euler has been credited with contributing to the rise of Newtonian mechanics especially in topics other than gravity.
References
External links
Mechanica Vol. 1 [E015] – Latin.
Mechanica Vol. 1 – English translation by Ian Bruce.
Mechanica Vol. 2 [E016] – Latin.
Mechanica Vol. 2 – English translation by Ian Bruce.
Mathematics books
18th-century Latin books
The Final Five was the United States women's team in artistic gymnastics that won the team event at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. It was the United States' third gold medal in the event and second outside the United States. The five members of the team were Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas, Laurie Hernandez, Madison Kocian, and Aly Raisman, with MyKayla Skinner, Ragan Smith, and Ashton Locklear serving as the three alternates. After the team event, Biles won a gold medal in the individual all-around event, the vault, and on floor exercise and won a bronze on the balance beam, while Raisman won silver medals in the individual all-around, and on the floor exercise, where they were the defending champion, Hernandez won silver on the balance beam, and Kocian won a silver in the uneven bars. The previous team to medal in every event, including the team and individual all-around, was the Unified Team at the 1992 Games; the only previous U.S. team to do so was at the boycott-reduced 1984 Games.
Team background
Raisman and Douglas were both part of the gold medal winning team, dubbed the Fierce Five, at the 2012 London Olympics where Douglas won gold in the all-around and Raisman won gold on the floor event and bronze on the balance beam.
Biles won gold at the 2013 World Championships in the individual all-around and on floor exercise. They also won silver on vault and bronze on balance beam.
Biles and Kocian were part of the 2014 World Championship gold medal winning team. Biles additionally won gold in the all-around, on floor exercise, and on balance beam. They also won silver on vault.
Biles, Raisman, Douglas, and Kocian were all part of the 2015 World Championship gold medal winning team. Biles won gold in the all-around and Douglas won the silver. Biles also won gold on floor exercise and balance beam and won bronze on the vault. Kocian won gold on the uneven bars in a four way tie. Thus making Biles the reigning world champion in all-around, floor, and balance beam and Kocian the reigning world co-champion on the uneven bars going into the Olympics. Additionally Biles was the reigning national champion as well.
Aly Raisman, the captain of the Fierce Five, was once again selected as team captain.
Biles was chosen by Team USA to be the flag bearer for the closing ceremonies. They were the first American female gymnast to be given the honor.
Olympic Trials
The Women's Gymnastics Olympic Trials took place on Friday, July 8 and Sunday, July 10, 2016 at the SAP Center in San Jose, California.
At the 2016 U.S. Olympic Trials, Biles, Hernandez, and Raisman finished first, second, and third respectively in the all-around competition. Biles finished first on vault and floor exercise, Kocian finished first on the uneven bars, Hernandez finished first on the balance beam. MyKayla Skinner, Ragan Smith, and Ashton Locklear were selected as the three alternates. Full Olympic Trial scores are as follows:
Nickname
The name Final Five was chosen by the team members. At the 2012 London Games, the team had adopted the nickname "Fierce Five" in response to the media-bestowed nickname "Fab Five". The 2016 nickname was not announced until the team had secured victory in the team event. The name has two meanings: one being that this is the last Olympics where gymnastics teams will be made up of five members (starting in 2020 teams will consist of only four) and the other being that it was the final gymnastics team to be formed under Marta Karolyi as national team coordinator of USA Gymnastics.
2016 Summer Olympics
Qualifications
The United States qualified in first place with an overall score of 185.238, nearly 10 points ahead of second place China who received a score of 175.279. Biles, Douglas, and Raisman competed on all four events. Hernandez competed on vault, balance beam, and floor exercise. Kocian competed only on uneven bars. For the individual all-around competition, Biles, Raisman, and Douglas qualified in first, second, and third place, respectively. Due to the rule allowing only the top two from each country to compete in a World or Olympic individual final, only Biles and Raisman advanced. Douglas had won the all-around at the 2012 London Olympics.
Biles qualified first on the vault, balance beam, and floor exercise; Kocian qualified first on the uneven bars; Raisman qualified second on the floor exercise; Hernandez qualified second on the balance beam; Douglas qualified third on the uneven bars. Additionally Douglas and Raisman both finished seventh on the balance beam; Hernandez finished fourth and Douglas finished ninth on floor exercise, but both failed to qualify to the finals due to the two per country rule.
Team Final
Biles, Raisman, and Hernandez each competed on vault, balance beam, and floor exercise. Kocian, Douglas, and Biles competed on uneven bars. The team scored 184.897, over eight points ahead of second place Russia. For each individual apparatus, the Final Five's combined scores were the highest.
Individual Events
In the individual all-around, Biles and Raisman each performed four clean routines, with Biles scoring the highest score on all but the uneven bars, as well as being the only gymnast that day to score above 15 on the balance beam. Biles took the gold medal, 2.1 points ahead of Raisman, who took the silver medal. With this, Biles and Raisman became the second pair of American gymnasts to go 1-2 in the individual all-around in the Olympics, after Nastia Liukin and Shawn Johnson took gold and silver respectively in 2008 in Beijing.
In the vault final, Biles, who was favored to win despite never winning a world title on the apparatus, won the gold medal, becoming the first American gymnast to win the vault title at an Olympic game.
After qualifying in 1st, Kocian performed cleanly and won the silver medal on uneven bars, finishing behind Russian gymnast and reigning Olympic uneven bars champion Aliya Mustafina. Douglas, who qualified in 3rd behind Kocian and Mustafina, respectively, made a mistake on one of their pirouettes and placed seventh.
In the balance beam final, Hernandez won the silver medal, finishing behind the Netherlands' Sanne Wevers. Biles suffered a shocking mishap when they put their hands on the beam after a balance check on their front tuck. Despite the mistake, their score was high enough to win them the bronze medal.
Copying the results of the individual all-around, Biles and Raisman won gold and silver respectively in the floor exercise event final, competing the two highest difficulty routines in the competition.
Post-Olympics
Laurie Hernandez competed on and won season 23 of Dancing with the Stars. They were partnered with Valentin Chmerkovskiy.
Simone Biles competed on season 24 of Dancing with the Stars. They were partnered with Sasha Farber. They finished fourth. Farber later helped choreograph a floor exercise routine that Biles debuted in the 2021 U.S. Classic.
Madison Kocian went on to compete at the collegiate level for the UCLA Bruins. She, along with Fierce Five member Kyla Ross, made history by becoming the first Olympic gold medalists to compete in NCAA gymnastics in a team managed and then later assistant coached by another Fierce Five members, Jordyn Wieber.
After the Olympics, it came to light that all five of the Final Five, plus at least one of the three alternates, had been abused sexually, verbally, and/or emotionally while training in gymnastics. The prevalence of abuse in gymnastics was widely discussed in the media after the USA Gymnastics sex abuse scandal became public.
Gallery
See also
Magnificent Seven, the U.S. 1996 Summer Olympics women's artistic gymnastics team
Fierce Five, the U.S. 2012 Summer Olympics women's artistic gymnastics team
References
+
Nicknamed groups of Olympic competitors
+
Women's gymnastics
Women's sports in the United States
Gymnastics in the United States
Mandalzade Husamaddin Pasha was an Ottoman statesman and admiral. In 1770 they were decorated as commander of the Ottoman navy.
Career
Mandalzade Hüsameddin was a trained sailor from the Husamaddin shipyard. Mandalzade was appointed in 1769 and reached the rank of mirmiran. The Russo-Turkish War in 1770 continued. Eğribozlu İbrahim Pasha was appointed High Admiral. The Ottoman navy was neglected when they took office and had become very weak.
The Russian spies sent to Britain for working with the instigation of uprising against the Ottoman Empire between the Orthodox citizens released. To support this rising from the sea under the command of the Russian Navy, Admiral Grigory Spiridov moved toward entering the Mediterranean from Gibraltar. Pasha's fleet on July 5, 1770 Husamaddin Sheep Islands area was faced with a fleet of Admiral Spiridov. Ships in the fleet was injured in the clash and fire broke out in both. Despite all the objections of the fleet commanders of the Algerian Hassan Pasha, Pasha Husamaddin by moving water between the port of Izmir Cesme Adası'yla anchored off the gum. Pasha, the Ottoman navy Inebahtı Husamaddin this decision the following day since the war that led to a defeat would have been the first major.
On July 6, a fire boat of the British fleet entered the port of Cesme. A vulnerability was waiting for the British and Russian navies. Pasha, the Ottoman navy in the open sea, showed the courage to fight Husamaddin removing. Ottoman ships anchored side by side without a place to escape and caught fire. Without even the need to make war on the Ottoman fleet was completely destroyed. Algerian Hassan Pasha, survived with injuries. After the war, known as the Battle of Chesma, Husamaddin Pasha was dismissed. On October 22, 1770 instead of Algerian Hassan Pasha was appointed captain-Deryalığa.
References
Turkish Wikipedia
Ottoman Empire admirals
18th-century Ottoman military personnel
People of the Russo-Turkish War (1768–1774)
Phipps Waldo Lake (May 1, 1789 – August 17, 1860) was an American politician and Baptist clergyman.
Born in Hoosick, New York, Lake served in the United States Army during the War of 1812 was in the battle at Sacketts Harbor, New York. Lake was a minister in the Free Will Baptist Church and preached in Cortland and Montgomery Counties, New York. They lived in Ames, New York where they preached for fourteen years. In 1839, Lake moved to Big Foot, Wisconsin Territory in the town of Walworth. They farmed and was the Baptist minister of a church in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin. In 1854, Lake served in the Wisconsin State Assembly as a Whig and later joined the Republican Party. They died at their home in Big Foot Prairie, Wisconsin.
Notes
External links
1789 births
1860 deaths
People from Hoosick, New York
People from Montgomery County, New York
People from Walworth, Wisconsin
People from New York (state) in the War of 1812
Free Will Baptists
Farmers from Wisconsin
Wisconsin Republicans
Wisconsin Whigs
19th-century American politicians
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Birchall Lewis "Bert" Pearson (April 3, 1914 – September 13, 1960) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics. They were born in Hamilton, Ontario.
In 1932 they were a member of the Canadian relay team which finished fourth in the 4×100 metre event. In the 100 metre competition as well as in the 200 metre contest they were eliminated in the semi-finals. At the 1934 Empire Games they won the silver medal with the Canadian team in the 4×110 yards relay event. In the 220 yards competition they were eliminated in the semi-finals and in the 100 yards contest they were eliminated in the heats.
References
External links
Profile at trackfield.brinkster.net
Birchall Pearson's profile at Sports Reference.com
1914 births
1960 deaths
Athletes from Hamilton, Ontario
Canadian male sprinters
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Lake Pass, elevation , is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Collegiate Peaks of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado in the United States.
See also
Southern Rocky Mountains
Sawatch Range
Collegiate Peaks
Colorado mountain passes
References
External links
Landforms of Chaffee County, Colorado
Landforms of Gunnison County, Colorado
Mountain passes of Colorado
Great Divide of North America
The 2020 Pac-12 Conference men's basketball tournament was a postseason men's basketball tournament for the Pac-12 Conference, scheduled to be played March 11–14, 2020, at T-Mobile Arena on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. It was canceled after the first round due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The winner of the tournament was to have received the conference's automatic bid to the 2020 NCAA tournament.
The NCAA announced on March 11, 2020 that no fans would be able to attend the Men's and Women's 2020 NCAA tournaments, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. A number of conference basketball tournaments followed suit by either canceling entirely, or playing as scheduled, but with no spectators in attendance. However, tournaments that were held in Las Vegas, including the Pac-12, were conducted with spectators in attendance on Wednesday, March 11. By the evening of March 11, the Pac-12 announced that the remaining games would be played only with "essential staff, television network partners, credentialed media and limited family and friends."
On March 12, the Pac-12 canceled the tournament before any more games were to be played. On the afternoon of March 12, 2020, the NCAA announced that all remaining winter and spring championships for both men's and women's sports were canceled due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. Because of its late West Coast tip-off, the first round match-up between Colorado and Washington State would prove to be the last completed game of the 2019-20 men's basketball season.
Seeds
All 12 Pac-12 schools are eligible to participate in the tournament. Teams will be seeded by conference record, with a tiebreaker system used to seed teams with identical conference records. As a result, the top four teams receive a bye to the quarterfinals of the tournament.
Tie-breaking procedures for determining all tournament seeding was:
For two-team tie
1. Results of head-to-head competition during the regular season.
2. Each team's record (won-lost percentage) vs. the team occupying the highest position in the final regular standings, and then continuing down through the standings until one team gains an advantage.
When arriving at another group of tied teams while comparing records, use each team's record (won-lost percentage) against the collective tied teams as a group (prior to that group's own tie-breaking procedure), rather than the performance against individual tied teams.
3. Won-lost percentage against all Division I opponents.
4. Coin toss conducted by the Commissioner or designee.
For multiple-team tie
1. Results (won-lost percentage) of collective head-to-head competition during the regular season among the tied teams.
2. If more than two teams are still tied, each of the tied team's record (won-lost percentage) vs. the team occupying the highest position in the final regular season standings, and then continuing down through the standings, eliminating teams with inferior records, until one team gains an advantage.
When arriving at another group of tied teams while comparing records, use each team's record (won-lost percentage) against the collective tied teams as a group (prior to that group's own tie-breaking procedure), rather than the performance against individual tied teams.
After one team has an advantage and is seeded, all remaining teams in the multiple-team tie-breaker will repeat the multiple-team tie-breaking procedure.
If at any point the multiple-team tie is reduced to two teams, the two-team tie-breaking procedure will be applied.
3. Won-lost percentage against all Division I opponents.
4. Coin toss conducted by the Commissioner or designee.
Schedule
Bracket
* denotes overtime period
Game statistics
First round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Championship
Awards and honors
Hall of Honor
The following former players were inducted into the Pac-12 Hall of Honor, though a planned ceremony on Friday, March 13 prior to the tourney's semifinals did not occur due to its cancelation. They are: Sean Rooks (Arizona men's basketball), Melissa Belote Ripley (Arizona State women's swimming), Don Bowden (California men's track & field), Bill Marolt (Colorado men's skiing), Dan Fouts (Oregon football), Joni Huntley (Oregon State women's track & field), Jennifer Azzi (Stanford women's basketball), Jonathan Ogden (UCLA football), Barbara Hedges (USC athletic director), Kathy Kreiner-Phillips (Utah women's skiing), Lincoln Kennedy (Washington football), and Jeanne Eggart Helfer (Washington State women's basketball).
Team and tournament leaders
Tournament notes
The conference tournament was cancelled before completion, as were the 2020 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament and 2020 National Invitation Tournament.
See also
2020 Pac-12 Conference women's basketball tournament
References
Tournament
Pac-12 Conference men's basketball tournament
Pac-12 Conference men's basketball tournament
Pac-12 Conference men's basketball tournament
Basketball in Nevada
College sports in Nevada
Sports competitions in Nevada
Pac-12 Conference men's basketball tournament
Pac-12 Conference men's basketball tournament
Dame Mabel Brookes, DBE (15 June 189030 April 1975) was an Australian community worker, activist, socialite, writer, historian, memoirist and humanitarian. Born Mabel Balcombe Emmerton in Raveloe, South Yarra, Victoria in 1890, their best-known service was as president of the Queen Victoria Hospital from 1923 to 1970, where they presided over the addition of three new wings within ten years.
Early life and marriage
Born on 15 June 1890, Brookes was the only child of a Melbourne lawyer H. Emmerton and their wife. After being withdrawn from kindergarten by their mother in order to avoid 'developing a bad accent', Mabel described their childhood as a lonely one; they were educated by their father and a series of governesses. While recuperating from an illness in The Briars in Mornington, they heard from their grandmother, Emma Balcome, of their Balcombe ancestors who lived in The Briars in Saint Helena at the time of the exile of Napoleon. They developed a fascination with Saint Helena and Napoleon's exile there. Another ancestor, Sir William Doveton, was a member of the council of Saint Helena when Napoleon was there.
When Mabel was 14, a young man allegedly told their mother that Mabel was 'dull, plain and reads too much', prompting a dramatic change in their parents' approach to their upbringing. After being presented at the Edwardian court in London, at 18 Mabel was engaged to Norman Brookes, a tennis player, who was the first Australian to win Wimbledon. They married in St Paul's Anglican Cathedral, Melbourne, on 19 April 1911. In 1914, with a baby daughter, they accompanied Brookes on their tennis trips to Europe and the USA. Whilst in the USA Norman Brookes and Tony Wilding won the Davis Cup, which Mabel supposedly used as a rose bowl.
World War I and II
During World War I, in 1915, they joined their husband in Cairo where they were working as commissioner for the Australian Branch of the British Red Cross. Along with other officer's wives they tended to sick and wounded servicemen, as well as assisting in the establishment of a rest home for nurses. I experiences in Egypt left a deep impression on her, inspiring their war novels Broken Idols (Melville and Mullin, 1917) and Old Desires (Australasian Authors Agency, 1922) which were largely set in Egypt, and sparking a lifelong engagement on matters of public health.
On their husband's posting to Mesopotamia, they returned to Melbourne in 1917. In 1918 they served on the committee of the Royal Children's Hospital, then became president of the Children's Frankston Orthopaedic Hospital, the Anglican Babies' Home and the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children. They were an original member and a divisional officer of the Girl Guides' Association executive committee, foundation president of the Institute of Almoners and of the Animal Welfare League. They were also a member of the Australian Red Cross Society's federal executive and president of the Ladies' Swimming Association.
During World War II the Brookes family vacated their home Kurneh to allow it to be used by the Red Cross as a convalescent home for returned soldiers. The Brookes family moved to their other property, Elm Tree House, and entertained Australian and American officers, including future American president Lyndon B. Johnson (during an official state visit to Australia in 1967, Johnson would take time out to visit Mabel at Elm Tree House, attracting a crowd of hundreds to gather outside the house). Mabel Brookes was commandant of the Australian Women's Air Training Corps, and took on shift-work at the Maribyrnong Munitions Factory filling cartridges. Other war-work included establishing Air Force House and organizing, at the request of the minister for the army, an annexe for servicewomen at the Queen Victoria Hospital.
Presidency of Queen Victoria Hospital
From 1923 to 1970, Mabel served as president for the Queen Victoria Hospital. By all accounts they were a fierce and capable advocate on behalf of the hospital, and oversaw the addition of three new wings, one of which was named after them in appreciation of their decades of service. They fought hard to get suitable accommodation for the hospital, describing 10am on 17 December 1946 as the proudest hour of their life when the last patient was moved from the old hospital on Little Lonsdale Street to the new building on the corner of Lonsdale and Swanston Streets. "It was when I realised that the women of Melbourne had finally and decisively won their 55-year-old battle for a large hospital completely staffed by women... It was a fight by women against prejudice, suspicion and intolerance of women," they were quoted in The Argus as saying, "There's no finer feeling than winning the supposedly hopeless battle."
Political career
Brookes attempted a political career by standing twice for parliament, but was unsuccessful. They stood for the Division of Flinders in the 1943 federal election as a Woman for Canberra candidate and in the 1952 state election for the seat of Toorak for the Electoral Reform League.
They were appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in 1933 and elevated to Dame of the order (DBE) in 1955 for services to hospitals and charity.
Them lifelong fascination with Saint Helena and Napoleon led them to purchase The Briars, the pavilion where Napoleon had stayed, in 1959, and donate it to the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The French Government appointed them as Chevalier de la Légion d'honneur in 1960 in acknowledgement of their gift. They published St Helena Story, an account of Napoleon's exile and their relationship with the Balcombes, in 1960.
In 1967, Monash University conferred an honorary LL.D. for their services to the Queen Victoria Hospital, of which they were president. It had by that time become a Monash University teaching hospital.
Dame Mabel Brookes published their memoirs in 1974 in which they recounted events in their life, including meeting many notable and historic people of the time.
They died at South Yarra on 30 April 1975, aged 84, survived by two of their three daughters.
Sir Robert Menzies described them as 'one of the most remarkable women of our time', and that they possessed 'a beautiful organising mind.'
Writing career
Brookes was a published novelist and memoirist. They wrote the following works:
Novels
Broken Idols. Melbourne: Melville and Mullin, 1917.
On the Knees of the Gods. Melbourne: Melville and Mullin, 1918. Illustrated by Penleigh Boyd.
Old Desires. Melbourne: Australasian Authors Agency, 1922.
Riders of time / Mabel Brookes ; with illustrations by Harold Freedman. 1967.
History
St Helena Story. London: Heinemann, 1960. Deals with Napoleon Bonaparte's internment on St Helena island and was introduced by Sir Robert Menzies, former Prime Minister of Australia.
Memoir
Crowded Galleries. Melbourne: Heinemann, 1956. With chapters on tennis by Sir Norman Brookes, their husband and 1907 and 1914 winner of the Wimbledon singles and doubles tennis tournament, and America's Davis Cup.
Riders of Time. Melbourne: Macmillan, 1967.
Memoirs. Melbourne: Macmillan, 1974.
Book collecting
They built up a substantial collection of books with a focus on the Elizabethan era and Australiana. In 1959 they joined the Book Collectors Society of Australia and was later elected its President. Them Australiana books were auctioned in 1968, the sale catalogue containing 474 items. Among the highlights were the three volumes of The Mammals of Australia (1845-1863) by John Gould.
References
External links
Australian Dictionary of Biography Entry
Oxford Dictionary of National Biography
Australian Women's Register Entry
AustLit Author Entry
1890 births
1975 deaths
Activists from Melbourne
Australian Anglicans
Australian Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Australian humanitarians
Women humanitarians
Australian memoirists
Australian socialites
Australian women memoirists
People of Saint Helenian descent
19th-century Australian women
20th-century Australian women
20th-century memoirists
Australian book and manuscript collectors
Terranova di Pollino is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Basilicata region of Italy. The town is located in the Pollino National Park.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Henryk Kietlicz (1150 – 22 March 1219) was Archbishop of Gniezno from 1199 to 1219 was the main architect of the changes that allowed the Polish church to gain independence from the secular authorities.
Henryk was born in 1150 to a Czech family who moved to Silesia and then Poland. Jan Długosz claims they were the son of prince Theodoric Kietlicz, and Eudocia, the daughter of Duke Konrad I Mazowiecki. In their earlier life they were an administrator for Mieszko III. They became Archbishop in 1198 or 1199, and had political skills and influenced both the secular and church politics of their day.
They instigated a program of church reform which included the introduction of celibate clergy, the exclusion of clergy from the authority of secular courts and privileges in the selection of bishops. At the in June 1210 they gained church privileges including its own courts and tax exemptions, in exchange for their support in gaining the Pope's recognition of the King. Here they negotiated with Leszek the White, Konrad I Mazowiecki and Władysław Odonic to renounce jus spolii. These privileges were enshrined in a papal bull of 1211, and were confirmed and expanded at the Wolbórz Synod in 1216.
They attended Fourth Council of the Lateran in 1215, at which the mission to Prussia was approved and Henryk was made Papal legate to Prussia. Here they met with Innocent III who confirmed their support for Henryk's reforms.
At the synod of Wolborz in 1216 they gained further privileges for the church from Leszek I the White, Konrad of Masovia, Duke Wladyslaw and Casimir I of Opole. They then convened similar meetings in 1217 at Dańkowie and Sądowlu 1218, where a pact was formed between the Polish rulers.
Henryk was also active in secular politics, giving their support to the claims of Władysław Odonic over Władysław III Spindleshanks and advocated to Pope Innocent III to reverse the excommunication of High Duke Leszek I the White. They emerged as an advocate of the younger dukes in the divided kingdom period. Their activism, however, did produce enemies and they had to spend some time in exile with Henry the Bearded of Silesia.
Despite their success, however, the death of Innocent III in 1216 and the succession of Honorius III saw Henryk lose Papal support. Resentment among Polish nobles and clergy resulted in Gedko Powało Bishop of Płock complaining to the new pope that Henryk was guilty of apparent excess and pride. Henryk Kietlicz was instructed and from that time did not participate in political life.
Henryk Kietlicz died on 22 March 1219.
References
External links
Virtual tour Gniezno Cathedral
1150 births
1219 deaths
Archbishops of Gniezno
Sándor Pécsi (18 March 1922 – 4 November 1972) was a Hungarian actor born in Sajószentpéter, Hungary. They appeared in more than 60 films between 1948 and 1972 before dying on 4 November 1972 in Budapest, Hungary.
Selected filmography
Talpalatnyi föld (1948)
Mickey Magnate (1949) - Biró
Egy asszony elindul (1949) - Szekeres
Szabóné (1949) - Hódis
Úri muri (1950) - Pincér
Kis Katalin házassága (1950) - Barna
Különös házasság (1951) - Medve Ignác, doktor
Felszabadult föld (1951) - Jámbor Lajos
Nyugati övezet (1952) - Forgács
Erkel (1952) - Erkel Ferenc
Young Hearts (1953) - Dani Sándor
The Sea Has Risen (1953) - Nyári Pál
Under the City (1953) - Varga
Simon Menyhért születése (1954) - Bonta
Rokonok (1954) - Kardics
Liliomfi (1955) - Szellemfi
Dandin György, avagy a megcsúfolt férj (1955) - Dandin György
Bakaruhában (1957) - Bodrogi
St. Peter's Umbrella (1958) - Bélyi János, plébános
Yesterday (1959) - Fekete õrnagy
A harangok Rómába mentek (1959) - Angel úr
Kard és kocka (1959) - Varga Máté kocsmáros
Szerelem csütörtök (1959) - Máró
Rangon alul (1960) - Egy másik papa, aki szintén szeretné
Az arc nélküli város (1960) - Vedres Pál százados
A Noszty fiú esete Tóth Marival (1960) - Pázmár dr.
Az ígéret földje (1961) - Bakonyi
Megszállottak (1962) - Kútfúró mester
Egyiptomi történet (1963) - Hajóskapitány
Félúton (1963) - Limpár Kálmán
Tücsök (1963) - Virág
Hogy állunk, fiatalember? (1963) - Fáraó, tanár
Germinal (1963) - Maheu
Párbeszéd (1963) - Safrankó Mihály
Új Gilgames (1964) - Aradi doktor
A pénzcsináló (1964) - Bányai Péter
Özvegy menyasszonyok (1964) - Kovács Péter rendörörnagy
The Golden Head (1964) - Priest
Kár a benzinért (1965) - Balogh Imre
Nem (1965) - Író
Tilos a szerelem (1965) - Dani
Az orvos halála (1966) - Tanácstitkár
Aranysárkány (1966) - Liszner - zöldséges
Sellö a pecsétgyürün I (1967) - Salgó Oszkár
Sellö a pecsétgyürün II (1967) - Salgó Oszkár
Baleset (1967) - Traps
Kártyavár (1968) - Hajóskapitány
A hamis Izabella (1968) - Lovass Dezsõ
The Boys of Paul Street (1968) - Rácz tanár úr
Hazai pálya (1969) - Virág, tanácselnök
Az örökös (1969) - Párttitkár
Utazás a koponyám körül (1970) - Tibor, fõpincér
Szerelmi álmok – Liszt (1970) - Belloni
Hahó, Öcsi! (1971) - Határõr
Fuss, hogy utolérjenek! (1972) - Tokaji Gáspár, számlaellenõr
Harminckét nevem volt (1972) - Forrai
References
External links
1922 births
1972 deaths
Hungarian male film actors
People from Sajószentpéter
20th-century Hungarian male actors
Bohumil Slavíček (born December 30, 1991) is a Czech professional ice hockey player for TEV Miesbach of the Regionalliga.
Slavíček previously played twelve games in the Czech Extraliga, four with HC Slavia Praha and eight with Piráti Chomutov.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Czech ice hockey forwards
SHK Hodonín players
HC Most players
Piráti Chomutov players
HC Slavia Praha players
Sportovní Klub Kadaň players
Sportspeople from Ústí nad Labem
The Achaemenid inscription in the Kharg Island is an important inscription from the Achaemenid Empire that was discovered in 2007 while constructing a road. It is located on Kharg Island, Iran. This inscription is written in Old Persian language with Old Persian cuneiform alphabet. The height and the width of this inscription is around one meter. The inscription was etched around 400 BC. The inscription contains five lines and six Old Persian words, five of which were unknown at the time it was discovered. The inscription reads as “The not irrigated land was happy [with] my bringing out [of water]”. The linguist Habib Borjian explains that if the inscription is authentic, combined with the island's known history of kariz usage, "which came about under the Achaemenid rule in the Near East (550–330 BCE)", it can be suggested that there was a Persian colonisation of Kharg under the Achaemenids. The Iranian dialect of the Persian settlers of the Achaemenid period may have in turn been the ancestor of the Khargi language, with Borjian adding that "there is no contradicting evidence to make this hypothesis implausible". Some Arab states of the Persian Gulf have unsuccessfully tried to show that the inscription is forged. In 2008, the inscription was severely vandalized and now 70 percent of the text is destroyed and only one line of inscription survived. Kharg island is an important island belonging to Iran and a license is needed for travel to the island. The Cultural Heritage, Handcrafts and Tourism Organization of Iran said that "This inscription is an evidence to the name of Persian Gulf".
References
External links
سنگ‌نبشته خارک: گزارش مقدماتی از خوانش کتیبه نویافته در جزیره خارک
4th-century BC inscriptions
2007 archaeological discoveries
2007 in Iran
Archaeology of the Achaemenid Empire
Achaemenid inscriptions
History of the Persian Gulf
Kharg
Archaeological discoveries in Iran
Bushehr County
The Saxon Infantry Regiment () was a Swedish military unit which was formed in 1707 through conscription of Saxon prisoners of war, and consisted of 1152 soldiers when at its full strength.
The regiment was commanded by J. B. Schommer from 1707 until 1716, when G. D. Zengerlein took command.
The unit was transferred to Finland where it took place in a campaign in Ingria in 1708. The regiment also participated in the battles of Scania in 1710, the Norwegian campaigns of 1716 and 1718 until it was relocated to the Gothenburg area where it acted as the Gothenburg city garrison. While in Gothenburg, the regiment fought in the defense of Nya Älvsborg at Göta älv, as well as in the defense of Carlsten fortress at Marstrand during Admiral Tordenskjolds attack in 1719.
References
Sources
Infantry regiments of Sweden
Military units and formations established in 1707
1707 establishments in Sweden
Table tennis at the 1999 Southeast Asian Games is being held in the Menglait Sports Hall, in Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei from 8 to 15 August 1999.
Participating nations
A total of 80 athletes from nine nations are competing in table tennis at the 1999 Southeast Asian Games:
Medalists
Medal table
References
External links
1999
Southeast Asian Games
Bandar Seri Begawan
"Lose You Now" is a 2021 single by American violinist Lindsey Stirling featuring Mako. It reached number 3 on the Billboard Dance/Electronic Digital Song Sales chart. The single featured as a song on Stirling's 2021 EP of the same name, Lose You Now.
Composition
The original basis for the song is Guardian written by Stirling, Taylor Bird and Peter Hanna for their 2019 album Artemis. The song is widely recognised as a tribute to Stirling's late father, and their friend and former bandmate Jason Gaviati who died in 2015.
Mako had met Stirling whilst they were working on the single "Love Goes On and On" with Amy Lee of Evanescence. Stirling said that the first time they heard Mako's lyrics to their song, it reduced them to tears:
Release
"Lose You Now" was released on January 15 with a music video on YouTube. It was accompanied by a press release and dedicated page on their website where the song can be streamed across multiple services.
Album artwork
The album artwork is similar to a Polaroid photo with the inset image featuring photos of Stirling's father and their friend Gaviati.
Music video
The music video premiered on January 15, and as of 1 March 2022 it had over 4.8 million views on YouTube. It was directed by Stirling and Stephen Mallett.
The video features Mako in an abandoned warehouse with just a Yamaha piano, with two large spotlights behind them playing and singing. Meanwhile the video cuts to Stirling, who is exploring an abandoned facility in a steampunk style outfit. They have a projector, and we see them re-watching videos from their childhood featuring them and their father. During this they are clutching a small fox toy.
They walk out of the room with the projector and realises they have dropped the toy fox. Two assailants attempt to steal the projector and we see flashbacks of the videos. The films are damaged and Stirling sits on the floor reviewing the broken film before standing and a ghost image appears behind her, with toys and memories of their childhood begin levitating - along with them
Interlaced in these clips, we see Stirling separately playing violin and dancing.
During a later interview, Stirling outlined the meaning behind certain aspects of the video:
Charts
"Lose You Now" debuted at number 3 on the Billboard Dance/Electronic Digital Songs chart for the week ending January 30, 2021. In the same week, it reached number 23 on the Hot Dance/Electronic Songs chart.
Acoustic version
In April 2021, Stirling and Mako released an acoustic version of "Lose You Now" produced by Stephen Anderson. An additional music video was created for the song, featuring Stirling and Mako performing alongside each other accompanied by two backing violinists.
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Lindsey Stirling songs
Mako songs
Song recordings produced by Jason Evigan
Songs written by Lindsey Stirling
Alfred Newman Beadle V (1927–1998) was an American modernist architect active in Phoenix, Arizona.
Beadle is best known for designing Case Study Apartment #1, a three-unit apartment development known as the Triad in Phoenix, AZ, which was part of the Case Study House program of Arts & Architecture magazine.
Life and career
Trained in construction during World War II as a Seabee, Beadle moved to Phoenix in the early 1950s and built a variety of commercial and residential projects, including an entire housing development called Paradise Gardens (though they disassociated themselves from the project before it was completed), and the local landmark of the Safari Resort in Scottsdale (demolished).
Their lack of an architectural license led to professional difficulties and, at one point, they were charged with practicing without a license. The state of Arizona wanted to "grandfather" them in by giving them a license, but they refused to accept it. As part of their defense, Beadle's lawyer pointed out that another local architect, one Frank Lloyd Wright, was also practicing without the proper credentials. In order to be eligible to take the test Beadle had to obtain the requisite number of apprentice hours required by Arizona. Alan A. Dailey a retired architect from New York heard of this, and specifically formed the Phoenix firm of Alan A. Dailey & Associates so Beadle could obtain the hours before taking the test. Beadle went on to take the state's test and passed.
Beadle designed and supervised the construction of the 21-story Executive Towers in 1963, at the time the tallest high rise in Phoenix.
In 1993, the Arizona State University College of Architecture and Environmental Design held a month-long exhibit on "Constructions: Buildings in Arizona by Alfred Newman Beadle". The Architecture College presented a distinguished service award to Beadle.
References
Al Beadle Estate
Modernist architects
Architects from Arizona
1927 births
1998 deaths
Seabees
Modernist architecture in Arizona
20th-century American architects
Mid-century modern
Architects from Saint Paul, Minnesota
Rockhampton Botanic Gardens is a heritage-listed botanic garden at 100 Spencer Street, The Range, Rockhampton, Rockhampton Region, Queensland, Australia. It was built from 1873 to 1930s. It was added to the Queensland Heritage Register on 23 July 1999.
History
Rockhampton Botanic Gardens are located on a 33-hectare site west of the Athelstane Range and bordered by the Murray Lagoon and Yeppen-Yeppen Lagoon. A series of established gardens combine to create an education and recreation retreat at the southern edge of the city. A complex site, now incorporating both built and natural environments, the Rockhampton Botanic Gardens has enjoyed continuous use since opening in 1873.
The Rockhampton Botanic Gardens was gazetted as public gardens in 1869. Prior to this, from 1861 most of the land that was to be utilised for the gardens was a Native Police barracks. Between 1868 and 1872, three sites were gazetted as botanic gardens for Rockhampton. The influence of Anthelme Thozet, a local botanist and collector, is thought to have prevailed in the selection of the Spencer Street site. The proximity to a constant water supply, in the adjacent Murray Lagoon, and striking vistas from the western slopes of the Athelstane Range were primary considerations for a successful botanic gardens site.
The development of the first ten acres of the 100-acre site commenced after the curator James Scott Edgar took up residence in a modified dairy shed on the grounds in 1873. Edgar was trained in the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew and this first section to be developed is still known as the lower gardens. Local Botanist Thozet, Ferdinand von Mueller of Melbourne Botanic Gardens and Walter Hill of Brisbane City Botanic Gardens contributed material for the garden. The Queensland Acclimatisation Society was also active in providing plant stock and seed material to the new curator. Edgar maintained a professional link between these and other international botanic gardens, collecting specimens and distributing seed stock developed in Rockhampton as well as receiving plants and seeds for propagation in the gardens.
Plant collections were also distributed for educational purposes with the Rockhampton Botanic Gardens the key regional distribution point to primary schools for Arbor Day trees. The Rockhampton Botanic Gardens were second only to the Brisbane City Botanic Gardens in volume of supply; 1000 trees were distributed from the nurseries. The gardens developed experimental and economic botany while also accommodating the recreational needs of the district.
The Murray Lagoon was Rockhampton's original bathing spot. Edgar introduced a diving pontoon and sand to create a beach like atmosphere on the banks of the lagoon. They used bamboo stands to separate the male and female bathing areas and the original rules and regulations restricted the hours of use at the discretion of the trustees. The Murray Lagoon in the Botanic Gardens was a popular picnic area for the Rockhampton district in the late nineteenth century. The Lagoon provided the necessary water to the gardens and was also part of a broader lagoon system that constituted the original water supply for the city of Rockhampton.
In 1905 the deed of grant for the reserve was issued to the Rockhampton City Council. The reserve was enlarged to 197 acres. By this time Richard Simmons had assumed the role of curator of the gardens and set out to bring more of the land under cultivation. During their time at the helm, a children's playground, zoo, bandstand and kiosk were added to the recreational facilities available in the gardens.
The kiosk was erected in 1911 and opened on New Year's Day 1912. Rockhampton City Council's chief engineer, Mr G Pennycuick, designed the octagonal shaped building. At a cost of £340, it was open on five sides with two rooms at the rear, the ladies' dressing room and a kitchen/storeroom. A small cupola and a number of decorative gables surmounted the roof. In 1966, the kiosk underwent modifications that included the removal of the roof decorations and the addition of an amenity block for the gardens. Further modifications in 1997, upgraded the catering facilities of the kiosk.
The Queensland Department of Agriculture and Stock financially supported the gardens with an annual grant of between £300 and £500. This was supplemented by annual subscriptions to the Botanic Gardens trust and nursery sales. Simmons's experience as a local nurseryman prior to their appointment as the curator was crucial in maintaining the flow of funds for the gardens. Catalogues of available plants were distributed on a regular basis and orders were taken from throughout the central Queensland area as well as far afield as the Singapore Botanic Gardens. Links to the international botanic gardens network were maintained.
In the aftermath of the First World War, the Rockhampton Botanic Gardens underwent major changes. The additional land received in 1905 was removed from the reserve to create Diggers Park and a section of the Botanic Gardens was set aside for the War Memorial for Rockhampton and the surrounding district. The Gracemere grey granite memorial obelisk stands on a plinth and is above the ground. The surrounding grounds were landscaped by Simmons and include a circle of Canary Island Date Palms (Phoenix canariensis) and topiary borders pruned into ANZAC, Navy, Army and RAAF.
In 1930, the curator's position passed to the deputy curator, H. George Simmons, son of Richard Simmons. During their time as curator, limited financial arrangements impeded the expansion of the gardens and the popularity of the gardens declined. The beachside resorts of Emu Park and Yeppoon had become more easily accessible for the people of Rockhampton. However it is during this period that the Hugo Lassen Fernery was built in 1938. Hugo Lassen was a local dentist who bequeathed money to the Rockhampton Botanic Gardens. The fernery, a sophisticated cross form bush house, contains extensive rockeries and houses an impressive exotic fern collection. George Simmons is responsible for the avenue of Bunya Pines (Araucaria bidwillii) and Bougainvillea at the Ann Street entrance. A pinetum developed at this time includes Kauri, Radiata and Hoop pines, and now large mature trees. Entrance gates commemorating King George V were erected in 1953.
Throughout the history of the Rockhampton Botanic Gardens, labour was sourced from unemployed and itinerant workers. At the turn of the century the labour bureau supplied men to work in the Gardens. During the 1930s, the Intermittent Relief Scheme provided the labour for the extensive stonework throughout the lower gardens, particularly providing culverts and drains for the water course through the centre of the park. In the 1990s the work for the dole scheme has seen many young unemployed people working alongside staff of the Gardens.
The Rockhampton Botanic Gardens are once again a popular recreational feature for the people of the district. The barbeque and playground areas are busy throughout the week and particularly on the weekends. Although the scientific arm of the gardens is no longer a predominant aspect of the operations, present staff are keen to create links between the Gardens and the University of Central Queensland. The mature nineteenth and early twentieth century planting are indeed spectacular and the gardens provide a cool leafy oasis in the dry hot tropical climate of Rockhampton.
Description
Rockhampton Botanic Gardens are located on a 33-hectare site west of the Athelstane Range and bordered to the west by the Murray and Yeppen-Yeppen Lagoons. The northern boundary is the Rockhampton Golf Club and residential development lies to the east of the site. The adjacent partially developed Diggers Park establishes the southern boundary. The slope of the range creates a gently falling gradient from the entrance of the gardens to the banks of the Murray Lagoon. The Rockhampton Botanic Gardens comprise a series of gardens including: the lower gardens, the upper gardens, outer gardens, the war memorial gardens and arid gardens.
The formal entrance to the botanic gardens is from Spencer Street through a set of masonry pillars with decorative iron gates. The informal entrance from Ann Street comprises an avenue of Bunya Pines (Araucaria bidwillii) interspersed with Bougainvillea. The Rockhampton Croquet Club, the Athelstane Bowls club, Athelstane Tennis Club, Rockhampton City Council Works Depot and the Rockhampton Golf Club are located along this avenue.
The community services building, a small open truss steel and glass structure on a concrete block base located in the main circular drive is surrounded by established decorative gardens. The Hugo Lassen Fernery is located behind this building. The Fernery is a timber slated structure, built into the shape of a cross with eye shaped openings cut into the slated walls. The Fernery houses a series of rock gardens with an established and mature exotic fern collection.
A floral clock, on a concrete base planted with flowering annuals and is the centrepiece of the circular drive. The clock face presents to the northern entrance to the gardens. A small plaque commemorating the donation of the clock from the Rotary Club of Rockhampton is located at its base.
The kiosk is located to the south of the community services building and ferneries and is approached by a series of concrete steps. Mature Banyan figs (Ficus benghalensis) form an impressive shaded cove in which the kiosk is located. The kiosk building consists of three sections: the original 1912 octagonal core, the 1966 toilet block and the 1997 kitchen and servery. Tables and chairs occupy the understory of the Banyan Figs for the kiosk clientele.
The Rockhampton War Memorial, a Gracemere Grey Granite obelisk on a plinth, is located to the south of the kiosk in the upper gardens. The obelisk is located on a raised circular mound and encircled by Canary Island Date Palms.
The children's playground located in the understorey of a series of mature shade trees including, weeping Figs (Ficus benjamina) and other fig varieties. An open barbeque shelter is located adjacent to the playground.
Other significant gardens include the lower gardens with the mature mango orchard; the arid garden; the pinetum with mature stands of Kauri, Radiata and hoop pines; the outer gardens figs (Ficus hillii) with associated ginger underplantings and water course; the zoological gardens and picnic area associated with the Murray Lagoon.
Heritage listing
Rockhampton Botanic Gardens was listed on the Queensland Heritage Register on 23 July 1999 having satisfied the following criteria.
The place is important in demonstrating the evolution or pattern of Queensland's history.
The Rockhampton Botanic Gardens, gazetted in 1869, are located on a 33-hectare site on the western slopes of the Athelstane range and bordered by the Murray and Yeppen-Yeppen Lagoons. The gardens are important as the premier recreation and botanic retreat for Rockhampton. They demonstrate the importance of Rockhampton as the major urban centre for the central Queensland region, demonstrating the desire to sustain a scientific, educational and recreational centre of international repute.
As one of the first parks established by the Rockhampton City Council, the gardens demonstrate the commitment to provide recreational and educational facilities for the people of Rockhampton.
The place demonstrates rare, uncommon or endangered aspects of Queensland's cultural heritage.
The collection includes specimens rare in cultivation or of great maturity or both. The zoological park, once an integral part of many botanic gardens, is now an uncommon feature, making the Rockhampton Botanic Gardens important in demonstrating the historical development of botanic gardens in general.
The place is important in demonstrating the principal characteristics of a particular class of cultural places.
As a regional botanic gardens, the Rockhampton Botanic Gardens maintained a position within a national and international network of botanic gardens of which the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew was the originating hub. It demonstrates the principal characteristics of a provincial botanic reserve, with a greater emphasis placed on the creating of an exotic collection of living botany rather than providing herbarium and library facilities. Exotic plantings dating from the nineteenth century include aesthetic, economic and experimental botany. Significant architectural features include the original curator's cottage and finch aviary (ca1880), the Kiosk (1912), the War Memorial (1924) and the Hugo Lassen Fernery (1938).
The place is important because of its aesthetic significance.
Many important events have taken place in the gardens, and the place is generally held in high regard by the community and is a popular place for visitors to Rockhampton. It is significant as a Rockhampton landmark and for its visual amenity.
The place has a special association with the life or work of a particular person, group or organisation of importance in Queensland's history.
The Rockhampton Botanic Gardens have a special association with the pioneering work of curators James Scott Edgar (1873-1903), Richard Simmons (1903-1930), Henry George Simmons (1930-1960), Ken C. Baker (1961-1972), Tom Wyatt (1972-1998). and Michael Elgey (2018-Present)(current Curator).
References
Attribution
External links
Queensland Heritage Register
The Range, Queensland
Parks in Queensland
Articles incorporating text from the Queensland Heritage Register
Botanical gardens in Queensland
Greywell Tunnel is a disused tunnel on the Basingstoke Canal near Greywell in Hampshire,
which is now a
biological Site of Special Scientific Interest.
History
Construction of the canal had been authorised by an
Act of Parliament in 1778, and the engineers
John Smeaton, Benjamin Henry Latrobe
and William Jessop were appointed in 1787.
After a survey by Jessop the proposed route of the canal was changed
to include the tunnel, in order to avoid passing around Tylney Hall
whose owner had objected.
The canal construction contract was awarded to John Pinkerton in August 1788,
and construction started in October 1788.
The tunnel construction had been initially subcontracted to
Charles Jones, even though they had been
dismissed by the Thames and Severn Canal company in 1788 after failing
to complete the Sapperton Tunnel project;
in their defence, they had been asked to build it bigger than originally
specified and line it with bricks at no extra cost.
However, Jones was dismissed in 1789 after the quality
of the tunnel work was criticised. Pinkerton had
complained constantly about him.
It is not clear whether Pinkerton then personally supervised the
building of the tunnel, but in 1789 the company also sacked its brickmaker,
and in 1790 required Pinkerton to ensure that the quality of the brick
was adequate for the tunnel work. of tunnel had
been completed by June 1791, and by November 1792 a similar distance
was left to be completed.
The canal was fully opened in September 1794.
The tunnel had no towpath so boats had
to be taken through by legging, taking up to six
hours to pass through the tunnel.
The last boat passage through the tunnel was made by the narrowboat Basingstoke
over the winter of 1913-1914.
Even before this commercial traffic on the western
part of the canal had mostly ceased, and the tunnel became impassable when
part of it collapsed in 1932. The inaccessible part of the canal to the west was then sold.
It was still possible for canoeists to get through the tunnel until
the late 1950s,
but the blockage is now total.
SSSI
The tunnel is of interest for its bat populations: it has more roosting bats than any other site in Britain. The species involved are Natterer's bat (Myotis nattereri), Daubenton's bat (Myotis daubentoni), the whiskered bat (Myotis mystacinus), Brandt's bat (Myotis brandti) and the brown long-eared bat (Plecotus auritus). The tunnel consists of at the eastern end, which has been cut through chalk, and at the western end, with in between, where the bore has filled with soft clay as a result of the collapse. It was first studied for its bat populations in 1975, and was listed as an SSSI in December 1985, after a partial count of the population revealed 541 bats in the first of the eastern end, from which total numbers were estimated to be around 2,000 animals. The blockage, combined with several springs in the tunnel, creates an ideal micro-climate for the bats, which is maintained at around all year. When the temperature outside the tunnel is colder than this, cold air flows into the bottom of the tunnel where it is warmed by the water, and warmer air flows out along the top of the tunnel. During the summer the air flow is reversed, with warm air flowing into the top of the tunnel and being cooled as it flows back out over the water. By 2006, there were some 12,500 bats roosting in the tunnel, which included the largest known colony of Natterer's bat.
Bibliography
References
1792 establishments in England
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in Hampshire
Basingstoke Canal
Canal tunnels in England
Buildings and structures in Hampshire
Tunnels completed in 1792
Tunnels in Hampshire
The West China Union University (), also called West China University or Huaxi University, was a private university in Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was the product of the collective efforts of four Protestant, denominational, missionary boards —American Baptist Foreign Mission Society (American Baptist Churches USA), American Methodist Episcopal Mission (Methodist Episcopal Church), Friends' Foreign Mission Association (British Quakers) and Canadian Methodist Mission (Methodist Church of Canada)— and eventually became a division of the West China Educational Union, which was created in 1906. The Church Missionary Society (Church of England) became a partner in the university in 1918.
Once established, the university approached the difficult tasks of educating and converting the people of Sichuan province—an area in size equal to the United Kingdom, France, and Germany combined—as it was the only institution with a Christian purpose in the region. The faculty and administration were attempting to educate and influence the beliefs of a population in excess of 150 million people. The university grew rapidly in its first decade and remained a key player in tertiary education in Sichuan throughout the Republican Era.
History
The university was founded in 1910 next to the city of Chengdu and is still present to this day. The creation of the school manifested from William Reginald Morse's realization that missions in West China were unable to provide educational opportunities. The university was established through the joint efforts of missionary organizations from the United States, Britain and Canada. The mission of the school was "the advancement of the Kingdom of God by means of higher education in West China under Christian auspices". Dr. O.L. Kilborn, Dr. R.G. Kilborn, and Dr. William Reginald Morse played key roles in its formation.
The Ackerman Building, the first permanent building on campus, was opened in 1914. There was only one medical building that measured 30 by 15 feet. There were five staff members in 1914: Drs. C.W. Service, H.W. Irwin, H.L Canright, W.R. Morse, and O.L. Kilborne. As Morse noted, "The University suffered from poverty, lack of equipment, deficiency in staff, and inadequate teaching rooms". However, in 1924, the WCUU opened enrollment to women and became the first co-educational university inland.
West China Union University was home to Dr. John W. Yost and then Reverend Raymond R. Brewer. The West China Educational Union tied in the old West China Mission where Reverend Frank D. Gamewell was once superintendent. The college taught all subjects and had strong international ties, including with the US, England, Canada. WCUU graduates became part of a leading class in China consisting of well-trained professionals, intellectuals, and educators. Although the university was shut down in 1926 and the WCEU was closed shortly thereafter when all foreigners were ordered to leave China, the Chinese scholars who remained there carried on, taught others, and made progress on their own. Therefore, WCUU had lasting effects on education in China.
During World War II, John Leighton Stuart helped students and faculty members of Yenching University transfer from Beijing (Peking) to Chengdu, where WCUU sheltered those exile intellectuals.
After World War II:
In 1950, the West China Union University was renamed as West China University.
In 1950, the Agriculture and Fine Arts Department of West China University amalgamated and transformed as Southwestern Institute of Agriculture, then developed into Southwestern University of Agriculture (now merged by Southwest University, relocated to Chongqing (Chungking).
In 1952, West China University separated departments into Szechuan Normal College, then developed into the Sichuan Normal University and the China West Normal University.
In 1952, the Chemical Industry and Light Manufacturing School of West China University became independent as Szechuan Institute of Chemical Industry (developed into The Chengdu Engineering College and The Chengdu University of Science and Technology, then merged into Sichuan University).
In 1952, the Economics Department of West China University amalgamated and transformed as the Szechuan Institute of Finance and Economics (renamed to Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in 1985).
In 1952, the Arts & Science Department of West China University was acquired by Sichuan University.
In 1953, West China University with other education partners merged into the Sichuan Medical College.
In 1985, the Sichuan Medical College was renamed as the West China University of Medical Sciences.
As of June 2000, the university had eight schools: School of Basic Medicine, School of Stomatology, School of Medicine, School of Nursing, School of Public Health, School of Pharmacy, School of Continuing Education, and School of Forensic Medicine.
In September 2000, West China University of Medical Sciences merged into the Sichuan University, and then it was renamed "West China Center of Medical Sciences, Sichuan University".
See also
Protestantism in Sichuan
Anglicanism in Sichuan
Methodism in Sichuan
Quakerism in Sichuan
Baptist Christianity in Sichuan
West China College of Stomatology
References
External links
West China Union University | Vic in China: Photos and stories about the West China Union University from families of Victoria University graduates.
West China Center of Medical Sciences, Sichuan University
Defunct universities and colleges in China
Educational institutions established in 1906
Educational institutions disestablished in 1953
1906 establishments in China
1953 disestablishments in China
Sichuan University
Universities and colleges in Chengdu
Universities and colleges affiliated with the American Baptist Churches USA
Universities and colleges affiliated with the Methodist Episcopal Church
Quaker universities and colleges
Anglican universities and colleges
Anglicanism in Sichuan
Canadian Methodist Mission
Baptist Christianity in Sichuan
Methodism in Sichuan
Protestantism in Sichuan
Christianity in Chengdu
History of Christianity in Sichuan
Bobby R. Acord was the Administrator of the USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS). They were appointed by Ann Veneman on November 7, 2001, and was no longer administrator .
Prior to their appointment, they had served for over a decade in the upper echelons of APHIS as:
APHIS' Acting Administrator since September 2001
Associate Administrator since 1999
Deputy Administrator for APHIS' Wildlife Services program for nearly a decade prior
Acord has received two Presidential Rank Awards for their contributions to the USDA. They hold a Bachelor of Science degree in animal science from West Virginia University in Morgantown.
External links
Biography in USDA News.
United States Department of Agriculture officials
West Virginia University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
George W. Bush administration personnel
The Lanyu Power Plant () is a fuel-fired power plant in Yuren Village, Orchid Island, Taitung County, Taiwan. It is the only power plant on Orchid Island.
Technical specification
The power plant uses 15,000 liters of diesel fuel daily to generate electricity. It has two units of 750,000 liter diesel storage tanks.
See also
List of power stations in Taiwan
Electricity sector in Taiwan
References
1982 establishments in Taiwan
Buildings and structures in Taitung County
Energy infrastructure completed in 1982
Oil-fired power stations in Taiwan
Cass County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,127. Its county seat is Atlantic. It was named to honor Lewis Cass, who was the 1848 Democratic nominee for president.
History
Cass County is named in honor of Lewis Cass, a Michigan senator and an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for the presidency in 1848. The county was established within its present boundaries in 1851 and originated in 1853. Religious persecution was responsible for bringing the first people of European ancestry to Cass County. The Mormons, fleeing from Illinois, were the earliest settlers, and established a community at Indiantown in 1846.
At Indiantown, two of the three commissioners selected to locate a county seat were chosen. The site they chose was one mile (1.6 km) from Indiantown and named Lewis. Most of the people and businesses in Indian Town moved to Lewis shortly after it was laid out. In 1856, a frame courthouse was built, and eight years later a small stone building was completed for the county treasurer's office. In 1857, there was an attempt to relocate the county seat to Grove City; it was unsuccessful. On October 20, 1869, after a due canvass of the vote on the re-location of the county seat, the Board declared the city of the Atlantic the county seat and ordered the county officers to that place.
In 1872, the first courthouse built in the Atlantic was completed. Until it was completed county offices were held in various empty buildings. Ten years later the county built its second courthouse at the Atlantic. The $65,000 building was destroyed by a fire in 1932. The fire started in the clock tower and gutted all of the second floor. Most of the county records and equipment were saved.
The present, fourth, courthouse was completed in 1934. While it was being built, county offices were located in the Atlantic Motors building, where an attempted robbery of the treasurer's safe took place. The robbers were interrupted and escaped, but without any money. The final cost of the fourth courthouse was $130,000: $65,000 came from a county bond issue, $46,500 from insurance and the remaining was covered by a Public Works Administration federal grant. The concrete and brick building is three stories high. It was dedicated on December 26, 1934, with the main speaker being the Governor of Iowa, Clyde L. Herring. The Board of Supervisors approved a new jail addition, which was dedicated in 1984.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water.
Major highways
Interstate 80
U.S. Highway 6
U.S. Highway 71
Iowa Highway 48
Iowa Highway 83
Iowa Highway 92
Iowa Highway 148
Iowa Highway 173
Adjacent counties
Audubon County (north)
Adair County (east)
Adams County (southeast)
Montgomery County (southwest)
Pottawattamie County (west)
Shelby County (northwest)
Other Geographical notes
Due to its proximity to Cass County, Nebraska, and because both of those counties receive most of their broadcasts from Omaha, Nebraska, references to 'Cass County' must be frequently disambiguated, or result in confusion.
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 13,127 in the county, with a population density of . 96.75% of the population reported being of one race. 92.23% were non-Hispanic White, 0.22% were Black, 2.33% were Hispanic, 0.19% were Native American, 0.27% were Asian, 0.59% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.17% were some other race or more than one race. There were 6,398 housing units of which 5,818 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 13,956 in the county, with a population density of . There were 6,591 housing units, of which 5,980 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 14,684 people, 6,120 households, and 4,094 families residing in the county. The population density was 26 people per square mile (10/km2). There were 6,590 housing units at an average density of 12 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.84% White, 0.21% Black or African American, 0.12% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.31% from other races, and 0.34% from two or more races. 0.69% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 6,120 households, out of which 29.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.60% were married couples living together, 7.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 33.10% were non-families. 29.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.32 and the average family size was 2.87.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 23.80% under the age of 18, 6.80% from 18 to 24, 24.80% from 25 to 44, 23.80% from 45 to 64, and 20.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 94.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 90.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,922, and the median income for a family was $40,564. Males had a median income of $29,736 versus $20,108 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,067. About 7.20% of families and 11.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.40% of those under age 18 and 10.10% of those age 65 or over.
Notable people
Edwin Perkins, inventor of Kool-Aid
Ed Podolak, a former running back for Kansas City Chiefs
Earl Caddock, a champion amateur and pro wrestler of the 1910s and early 1920s.
Steve H. Hanke, professor of applied economics at Johns Hopkins University, adviser to presidents, currency reformer, and commodity and currency trader
Communities
Cities
Anita
Atlantic
Cumberland
Griswold
Lewis
Marne
Massena
Wiota
Townships
Cass County is divided into sixteen townships:
Bear Grove
Benton
Brighton
Cass
Edna
Franklin
Grant
Grove
Lincoln
Massena
Noble
Pleasant
Pymosa
Union
Victoria
Washington
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Cass County.
† county seat
Politics
Cass County has historically been one of the most solidly Republican counties in Iowa. The only Democrat ever to win the county was Franklin D. Roosevelt in their 1932 landslide, and even they couldn't keep it in their column 4 years later when they won an even larger victory.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cass County, Iowa
The Cass County Courthouse Article
References
External links
County website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Soutra Gilmour is a British set designer. They were born in London and trained at the Wimbledon School of Art.  They are primarily known for their work on the London stage. They won the Evening Standard Award for Best Set Design in 2012 for their work on the Donmar Warehouse production of Inadmissible Evidence and the National Theatre production of Antigone.  They are also a past nominee for the Olivier Award. Most recently Gilmour has been praised for their work on London's St. James Theatre revival of Urinetown: The Musical.
Gilmour is one of the most in demand theatre creatives across the UK of the 2000s having designed over 60 drama and opera productions, largely in London theatres.
Gilmour designed Running With Lions by Sian Carter at the Lyric Theatre, Hammersmith in 2022.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
British scenic designers
Designers from London
Living people
Women scenic designers
Lovill's Creek Lake is a human-made lake located in Carroll County, Virginia.
It was created in 1990 by the United States Department of Agriculture Natural Resources Conservation Service.
As of 2019 the area has become the home of two Bald Eagles who have taken up residence at the lake. Documented through eBird by local birding enthusiasts brother sister duo Dakota and Cassandra
References
Artificial lakes of the United States
The Honghai Crane is a mobile gantry crane built by the Chinese Honghua Group. It was completed in Jiangsu in 2014, becoming the largest movable gantry crane by lift capacity, being capable of lifting 22,000 tonnes to a height of 65m.
Description
The Honghai Crane is 150m tall, has a span of 124m and the weight of the steel structure is 11,000 tonnes, excluding the spreader. It has a maximum lifting height of 71m and a total of 48 hanging points, each with a lifting capacity of 300 tonnes. The crane has an operating power of 1800 KW. The total weight of the crane is said to be 14,800 tonnes. The crane was first commissioned in November–December 2014 when it was utilized to build the hull of a platform supply vessel in the company's yard in Jiangsu.
Operations
The crane was used for the building of a platform supply vessel, which was delivered to Danish marine services company Nordic Offshore Supply Unlimited in 2015. The Honghai Crane will be further utilized for the building of an offshore semi-submersible drilling rig for Orion Group.
See also
List of the largest Chinese companies
List of the largest manufacturing companies by revenue
List of companies of China
References
External links
heavyliftnews website
Individual cranes (machines)
Crane manufacturers
Top Crime, often stylised TOPcrime, is a thematic television channel, dedicated to the TV series and movies on the world of crime, operated by Mediaset and owned by MFE - MediaForEurope. The broadcasts began on 1 June 2013 both on digital terrestrial television (on mux Mediaset Italia 2), and on satellite via the satellite platform Tivù Sat, both with the channel 39. The trailer with previews of the schedule were first shown on 21 May of that year. The channel started its regular broadcasts transmitting the first two episodes of the seventh season, first-run movies for television of Bones.
The channel offers re-run television series such as Columbo and Poirot, as well as new films themed for this type of programming.
Television series
Hannibal
Motive
Major Crimes
Person of Interest
Damages
Chase
Bones
Life
The Shield
24
Raising the Bar
Women's Murder Club
Judging Amy
Psych
Undercovers
White Collar
Rescue: Special Ops
Magnum, P.I.
Rescue Me
RIS Delitti Imperfetti
Law & Order: SVU
Law & Order: Criminal Intent
Prison Break
GSG 9
Movie
Serial Killer Story
All Hitchcock
John Grisham Collection
Seven
Red Dragon
The Bone Collector
Sherlock Holmes
Documentaries
Urban Legends
Cold blood
True CSI
Psychic Investigators
References
External links
Official site
Mediaset television channels
Television channels and stations established in 2013
2013 establishments in Italy
Italian-language television stations
Movie channels
The Diocese of Vulturara (Latin: Dioecesis Vulturariensis) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Vulturara (modern day Volturara Appula) in the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southeast Italy. It was erected in 1059. In 1433, it was united with the Diocese of Montecorvino to form the Diocese of Vulturara e Montecorvino.
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Vignesh Shivan, credited sometimes as Vignesh Shivn (born 18 September 1985) is an Indian film director, film producer, actor, singer and lyricist who works in Tamil cinema.
Personal life
Shivan and actor Nayanthara had been in a relationship ever since they worked together on Naanum Rowdy Dhaan in 2015. They announced their engagement in 2021, and got married on 9 June 2022 at Sheraton Grand in Mahabalipuram.
Career
After getting Dharan to compose music for it, showed the film to producers, Gemini Film Circuit, and then to Silambarasan and both parties agreed to collaborate to make it a feature film titled Podaa Podi (2012). The joint producers of the film, Shanaya Telefilms, released a series of posters in June 2008 publicising the film, while Silambarasan and Vignesh toured in Canada scouting for locations and agreeing a deal with Mayor Ron Stevens to film in Orillia and Toronto. The film languished in production for close to four years, before finally releasing in October 2012 to mixed reviews. They then continued to be active in films by working as a lyricist, filming independent music videos and appeared in a cameo role as an engineer in Velaiyilla Pattathari (2014) along with Dhanush.
Their second film, Naanum Rowdy Dhaan (2015), went through several changes of cast and production studios, before finalising on Vijay Sethupathi and Nayanthara as lead actors and Dhanush as producer.
In their third venture, Thaanaa Serndha Koottam, they teamed up with Suriya and Keerthy Suresh. Anirudh Ravichander wrote the music numbers.
Vignesh Shivan along with Nayanthara, founded a new venture called Rowdy Pictures which produced the films Pebbles (2021) and Rocky (2021).
Filmography
As director, writer and actor
As producer
Netrikann (2021)
Koozhangal (2021)
Kaathuvaakula Rendu Kaadhal (2022)
Rocky (2021)
Oorkuruvi (TBA)
Connect (TBA)
Walking Talking Strawberry Ice Cream (TBA)
As distributor
Rocky (2021)
As lyricist
Other work
Music videos
References
External links
Living people
Tamil film directors
Tamil film poets
Tamil-language lyricists
1985 births
Indian Tamil people
21st-century Indian film directors
Daniel Wakefield Smith (born 1973) is an American photojournalist, writer, researcher, composer, theatre director and actor from New Haven, Connecticut.
Journalism and photojournalism
Smith is a journalist, researcher, and photographer who lives in Iraq, but has also worked in Afghanistan, Haiti and Turkey. Smith, who has described themselves as an "unembedded photojournalist", says they prefer to travel alone, meeting local residents in sites of conflict or great poverty, photographing them and learning their stories. The stories they write and the photographs they have taken on these journeys have been published in the New Haven Advocate, other alternative newspapers, and various other publications.
During a 2004 trip to Iraq, Smith was detained in Kufa by members of the Mehdi Army, taken to meet Muqtada al-Sadr, and subsequently released. Smith also received a minor shrapnel wound during a 2006 visit to Baghdad.
Smith has often collected donations to give to needy individuals and charities in the countries they visit; these donations include medical supplies which they give to local hospitals. They often do work for aid organizations, as well.
In 2007, Smith moved to Baghdad to do freelance print and photography work, and in 2008 became a writer/photographer for the subscription-based Iraq news website "Iraqslogger.com", including a daily column rounding up U.S. newspapers' coverage of Iraq.
Research and consulting
Since 2009, Smith has worked as a political and human rights research consultant for various non-governmental organizations, including the International Crisis Group, Human Rights Watch, the International Refugee Assistance Project and the Organization of Women's Freedom in Iraq.
They have been interviewed by multiple news publications such as Reuters, the BBC, National Public Radio, The Intercept, and the Global Post which sought them out for their expertise on Iraq-related issues.
Music
Smith is a composer and also plays the piano, organ, harpsichord, and theremin. They studied composition with David Gleba of Branford, Connecticut. Smith has composed original music for several theatre productions, including incidental music for productions of Hamlet, Romeo and Juliet, Richard II, The Merry Wives of Windsor, Molière's The Learned Ladies, and Fyodor Dostoevski's, "Notes From Underground.
Smith has written orchestral works to accompany the words of such diverse authors as H. P. Lovecraft, Ernest Hemingway, Ray Bradbury, Wyllis Cooper, Charles Dickens, Edgar Allan Poe, William Shakespeare, and Dr. Seuss. For concert or theatrical performances, they have arranged works by Bach, Handel, Mendelssohn, Bloch, Schumann, Verdi, Rossini, Tchaikovsky, Mussorgsky, César Franck, and several by Mozart, including the Symphony No. 25 (Mozart) and selections from the Requiem (Mozart) and the operas Idomeneo and The Marriage of Figaro.
In 2003, Smith and violinist Netta Hadari founded The Live Music Project, a conductorless orchestra with a focus on classical and modern works, performed in a "lively, casual atmosphere." Smith is the orchestra's artistic director. The Live Music Project has performed at the Quick Center in Fairfield since 2004. Performances often incorporate dramatic readings which are thematically connected to the music being performed. Concert themes have included Russian composers, "The Devil and the Violin", "Music for Shakespeare", "Dark Music and Scary Stories", "Jewish Themes" and programs focusing on the life and music of Mozart and the Bach family. Most Live Music Project concerts include original compositions by Smith. In one concert, they directed legendary actor Keir Dullea, star of 2001: A Space Odyssey, who read an eerie science-fiction short story by Ray Bradbury that was underscored by Smith's original score for strings, winds, and piano. For the same performance, Smith also composed orchestral music to be played under a reading of Hemingway's The Killers (Hemingway short story). Although much of Smith's music is in the style of 18th-century composers, they have also on occasion incorporated the theremin into their compositions and performances.
Radio drama
Smith has had an interest in radio dramas since the late 1990s, when they began listening to AM radio broadcasts of old-time radio dramas on When Radio Was. With their interest piqued, Smith began to organize, perform in and direct re-creations of classic radio dramas as live theatrical events. The dramas were first performed by the New Haven Theatre Company; later, for about two and a half years, the dramas were broadcast live weekly on WYBC, Yale's AM radio station. Beginning in 2000, Smith's radio drama recreations found a home at the Regina A. Quick Center for the Arts at Fairfield University. , Smith has led a repertory company of Connecticut actors in radio drama performances at the Quick Center for over 10 seasons. They direct, acts, and performs live sound-effects for the productions, as well as writing original musical scores, which they played on organ or piano, accompanied by small string and/or wind ensemble.
Other work
Smith has also worked as a volunteer E.M.T., a trial consultant, medical study subject, and was a piano technician for ten years.
References
External links
Official website
1973 births
Living people
American photojournalists
War photographers
American newspaper reporters and correspondents
American war correspondents
American male composers
21st-century American composers
American theatre directors
Male actors from Connecticut
Musicians from New Haven, Connecticut
Male actors from New Haven, Connecticut
American radio producers
21st-century American male musicians
The Battle of Samarra was the key engagement between the two great generals Nader Shah and Topal Osman Pasha, which led to the siege of Baghdad being lifted, keeping Ottoman Iraq under Istanbul's control. The armed contest between the two colossi was very hard fought with a total of roughly 50,000 men becoming casualties by the end of the fighting that left the Persians decimated and the Ottoman victors badly shaken. Other than its importance in deciding the fate of Baghdad, the battle is also significant as Nader's only battlefield defeat although they would avenge this defeat at the hands of Topal Pasha at the Battle of Agh-Darband where Topal was killed.
The siege of Baghdad and the arrival of Topal Pasha
Nader had besieged Baghdad with a mighty force of 100,000 fighting men. Constructing towers and trenches all around the city they had placed Baghdad in an iron ring forcing Ahmad Pasha to consider surrender. As negotiations began, Ahmad Pasha was brought news that the greatest general of the empire and former Vizier Topal Osman Pasha had been appointed commander-in-chief of an army of 80,000 men mostly high quality janissaries and sipahi from Istanbul along with 80 guns was marching from the north to relieve Baghdad.
Topal Osman would prove a radically different opponent than any other Nader had faced, yet Nader by now had been victorious so many times that they had perhaps come to believe themselves invincible. Leaving 12,000 men behind to enforce the siege they marched north towards Samarra taking with them 70,000 men and dozens of guns.
Difficulties at Baghdad
Nader had also started to divert much of the water streaming into Baghdad in the hope of applying further pressure to the inhabitants, who would in turn conceivably pressure Ahmad Pasha to hand over control of the city and put an end to their privations. This however failed to materialise although an estimated sixty thousand civilians and non military persons lost their lives due to the ruthless implementation of the blockade.
The Persian artillery proved unequal to the task of puncturing the city's stalwart fortifications as it mostly consisted of field artillery- Nader's army at this point lacked any significant siege guns. The only hope for the city's capture was a prolonged starvation of its inhabitants which was going to be an incredibly exacting quest as Baghdad was a huge city with a governor fully aware that the loss of their Eyalat would mean the permanent loss of power as they would almost certainly not be compensated with another.
Topal Osman
Topal Osman hailed from Anatolia originally although they were born and raised in the Peloponesse peninsula of Morea. They entered the service of the sultan as a youth and by the age of 24 had risen to the rank of Beylerbey. They were later sent to Egypt though their ship was attacked en route and they were taken to Malta as a prisoner. They were ransomed and released, later partaking in the Pruth River Campaign, which saw Peter the Great decisively beaten, as well as playing a major role in the war with Venice where they particularly distinguished himself, so much so that they were rewarded with the title of Pasha.
Topal eventually rose to the rank of grand vizier of the Ottoman Empire, though they held this title for only six months before being dismissed due to political wrangling in the capital. By the time they were appointed 'saraskar' of the Ottoman army sent to face Nader they were the seventy-year-old governor of the Trebizond & Tiflis Eyalats. They would be remembered as Nader's most formidable opponent, their equal in both cunning and experience, Topal Osman was to show Nader no man is invincible.
The battle of Samarra
Topal proved their worth almost immediately. To provoke a bellicose attack by Nader they weakened their advance and rear guards visibly but during the night reinforced them significantly. Nader sent a large body of their cavalry to assault the Ottoman left but this was beaten back as the Ottomans were greater in number than initially thought and had deployed artillery. Nader decided on bringing forth a bulk of their army consisting of some 50,000 men and break the Ottomans using a frontal assault. After an intense collision of troops the Ottoman centre was pushed all the way back to the edge of their tents and encampments with some of their guns falling into Persian hands. At this juncture the flight of 2,000 Kurds in the Ottoman army put Topal Osman's men in a near-impossible situation but they restored the situation by providing an extra 20,000 soldiers from their reserve which succeeded in pushing the Persian back and even recapturing the guns lost earlier.
The battle continued with both armies continually gaining and losing ground from one another till noon. Due to the wise positioning of the Ottoman army in this campaign by Topal Pasha their men had access to water from the Tigris river behind them while the Persians grew increasingly thirsty as the battle raged on well into the blistering heat of the Mesopotamian afternoon with no immediate source to provide much needed succour. The strength of Topal Pasha's positioning also showed another great advantage as at this point the wind started to blow south kicking up dust and sand into the faces of the Persians which was now coupled by a further misfortune - a betrayal by an Arab tribal contingent in Nader's army - all culminating in a critical state of affairs which could prove too much, even for the battle-hardened troops of Nader.
Not even the commitment of a 12,000 strong reserve of Abdali cavalry could break the janissaries, merely adding to the mayhem as they were also swept up in the vortex of bloody carnage that had now become the battle of Samarra. As the army began to disintegrate under so much pressure, Nader rode around encouraging their men to further efforts and partook in the fighting personally, managing to skewer an Ottoman cavalryman with a lance but was themselves thrown from their horse in the violent scuffle. Rumours spread through the Persian ranks of Nader's demise, dealing a death blow to the morale of an already exhausted army. As organized resistance began to fade after an unrelenting 9 hour engagement the Persians withdrew south and could not be rallied despite the best efforts of their leaders. Nader had for the first and last time in their monumental career of conquest been defeated. The two great leaders had battled their men with unbelievable ferocity, but Topal Pasha had managed, if only just, to carry the day by winning a costly yet still glorious and decisive victory.
Aftermath
The Persians lost almost half their entire force including all of their artillery pieces many of which fell into Ottoman hands: 30,000 killed & wounded with a further 3,500 captured (500 of them being executed in cold blood). The Ottomans however were also badly mauled losing a quarter of their men in the battle. The victory, however heavy the price accompanying it might have been, brought an end to the siege of Baghdad as Ahmad Pasha and their men - their morale being buoyed by news of Topal Pasha's illustrious triumph to the north - burst out of the city gates to cut down as many of the besiegers as they could and putting the rest to flight. On July 24, 1733 Topal Osman Pasha marched their men into Baghdad in triumph.
See also
Military of the Afsharid dynasty of Persia
Ottoman–Persian War (1730–35)
Caucasus Campaign (1735)
References
Sources
Moghtader, Gholam-Hussein(2008). The Great Batlles of Nader Shah, Donyaye Ketab
Axworthy, Michael(2009). The Sword of Persia: Nader Shah, from tribal warrior to conquering tyrant, I. B. Tauris
Ghafouri, Ali(2008). History of Iran's wars: from the Medes to now, Etela'at Publishing
Ottoman–Persian War (1730–1735)
Samarra 1733
1733 in the Ottoman Empire
1733 in Iran
Samarra (1733)
Samarra (1733)
Samarra
Pomponio Spreti (1595–1652) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Cervia (1646–1652).
Biography
Pomponio Spreti was born in Ravenna, Italy in 1595.
On 8 Jan 1646, they were appointed during the papacy of Pope Innocent X as Bishop of Cervia.
On 14 Jan 1646, they were consecrated bishop by Pier Luigi Carafa (seniore), Cardinal-Priest of Santi Silvestro e Martino ai Monti, with Ranuccio Scotti Douglas, Bishop of Borgo San Donnino, and Ascanio Cassiani, Bishop of Andria, serving as co-consecrators.
They served as Bishop of Cervia until their death on 15 Nov 1652.
While bishop, they were the principal co-consecrator of Giovanni Stefano Donghi, Bishop of Ajaccio.
References
External links and additional sources
(for Chronology of Bishops)
(for Chronology of Bishops)
17th-century Italian Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops appointed by Pope Innocent X
1595 births
1652 deaths
The Ghana national rugby union team represents Ghana in international rugby union. Ghana is a member of the International Rugby Board (IRB), and had not played in a Rugby World Cup tournament. Ghana played their first international game during the 2003 season, and defeated Mauritania by 29 points to 8. Since then there have been a number of youth teams in Ghana; the under-18 team won a junior rugby competition. The National Team itself has hosted a tournament and had some credible results on the field.
History
After forming in 2005, the Ghana National Rugby Union Team has played in a number of competitions. The team was founded by a coach from Cameroon named Guy Chaley who recruited players, including coach Amuzu Salim, to play their first international match. Support, but not funding, from the government was gained for the national team. Shortly after they were played in their first African Tournament. This was followed by the death of Guy Chaley which stunted the success and growth of the team. Amuzu Salim was then able to train as a coach to train the Ghana Under 18, 15 and 12 teams. Notable gap year helpers include Peter Dear who helped start the school program in Accra and surrounding areas; they donated kit. Since the first tournament, the team have been included in the Castel Beer Trophies which are development tournament for smaller rugby nations of Africa. The country reached the final of the 2009 Development Trophy in Togo.
Overall Record
Below is table of the representative rugby matches played by a Ghana's national XV at test level up until
See also
Rugby union in Ghana
CAR Castel Beer Trophy
External links
Ghana on IRB.com
Ghana on rugbydata.com
Ghana rugby unofficial
Official Website
African national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Ghana
National sports teams of Ghana
Vijin-e Pain (, also Romanized as Vījīn-e Pā'īn; also known as Vījīn) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, Fashapuyeh District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 114, in 28 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Líbeznice is a municipality and village in Prague-East District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 3,000 inhabitants.
History
The first written mention of Líbeznice is in a document from 1236 issued by King Wenceslaus I of Bohemia.
Gallery
References
External links
(in Czech)
Villages in Prague-East District
Birgit Engl (born 4 March 1979) is an Austrian handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1979 births
Living people
Austrian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Austria
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Grieskirchen District
Sportspeople from Upper Austria
Tim Battersby (born 16 March 1949) is a British composer and performer of children's music.
Biography
Tim Battersby was born in Fleet, Hampshire, on 16 March 1949 and was educated at Lancing College. Their father was British diplomat E.W. Battersby, OBE (1916–1997).
In 1977, they composed the music for a Smithsonian Institution film entitled The Last Chance, which debuted at The National Zoo in Washington D.C. in May 1978.
As one half of The Battersby Duo, they have received three Parents' Choice Awards and an American Cable Emmy. The Battersby Duo has performed at The White House six times, as well as The Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, The Tampa Bay Performing Arts Center, The Filene Center at Wolf Trap, The Savannah Music Festival, and Charleston's Piccolo Spoleto Festival. The Battersby Duo has also appeared on The Today Show on NBC. On 1 December 2010, The Battersby Duo was nominated for a Grammy Award for their latest children's CD, Sunny Days.
Discography
A Tail of Too Sillies (1993)
Too Sillies Two (1999)
By the Book (2003)
Color Magic (2008)
"Painting Box" (2008)
" Painting Box the Video" (2009)
" Sunny Days" (2010)
External links
The Battersby Duo website
1949 births
Living people
British children's musicians
People educated at Lancing College
People from Fleet, Hampshire
Teana is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata.
The name Teana is a derivative of the Greek word "Theano", the wife of Pythagoras, the philosopher and mathematician. Local legend states the town was formed from members of Pythagorean school.
The village of 600 is home to a distinctive pasta shape — rasccatieddi di miscchieddu — that was the subject of an episode of the program Shape of Pasta.
Main sights
Some of the local landmarks and points of interest are the ruins of a Lombard Castle, the Church of our Lady of Mount Carmel, the Chapel of San Christofaro, and the Chapel of Santa Maria delle Grazie. In the past, the region was known for the production of silk from silkworms.
References
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Emory Bass (born Emory P. Bass, Jr.; August 12, 1925 – March 4, 2015) was an American theater and television actor. Their television career included guest roles on Hart to Hart, Dark Shadows, Mr. Belvedere, Murder, They Wrote, and Webster. They also had a recurring role as Phipps in the ABC television series, Angie (1979–80).
Bass was born in Valdosta, Georgia to Estelle (née Johnston) and Emory P. Bass, Sr. They received a bachelor's degree in journalism. They then spent two years performing at the Barter Theatre in Abingdon, Virginia, after graduation before moving to New York City.
Bass began their professional career as a cast member of a touring production of the play, Glad Tidings, starring Tallulah Bankhead. They and Bankhead remained lifelong friends after the tour. Bass toured with the productions of Everybody Loves Opal, starring Nancy Walker; Time Out for Ginger, starring Art Carney; and Woman of the Year, starring Lauren Bacall.
In New York City, Bass appeared on Broadway in The Teahouse of the August Moon, Pal Joey, Can-Can, and the 1973 revival of Irene, starring Debbie Reynolds. Bass starred as James Wilson in both the original Broadway production of the musical, 1776, which opened in 1969, as well the 1972 film adaption, 1776.
Bass appeared in a number of Off Broadway productions, including Bad Habits, By Jupiter, The Boys from Syracuse, and Lysistrata. Outside the U.S., they starred in an overseas production of A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum. They were also the spokesperson and voice of the Discover Card's advertising campaign for three years.
Death
Emory Bass died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles on March 4, 2015, aged 89.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1925 births
2015 deaths
Male actors from Atlanta
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American male film actors
American male voice actors
People from Valdosta, Georgia
Two-9 is an American hip hop collective from the East side of Atlanta, Georgia. The collective currently houses Key!, Curtis Williams, Jace, CeeJ, Cartier Dave (f/k/a Dav E), Lightskin Mac11 and DJ Osh Kosh. As well as the sub-groups Retro Su$h! (Jace & CeeJ) and FatKidsBrotha (Cartier Dave & Lightskin Mac11).
The group was founded by Williams and Key! in 2009. They are currently signed under Mike Will Made It's label EarDrummers Entertainment.
Music career
2012
The group released a mixtape Two-9 Forever in July 2012. Since that release, Two9 has been working constantly. They released A Two9 Christmas with DJ Don Cannon on Christmas Day 2012.
They made ComplexMusic's list of "25 New Rappers to Watch Out For".
2013
Two-9 were part of the second "Trillectro Music Festival 2013" held in Washington with ASAP Ferg, Wale, Casey Veggies, Travis Scott and more.
Discography
Studio album
FRVR was released February 9, 2017, by Interscope and EarDrummers Entertainment, and is available on CD and digital download.
Mixtapes
Eastside Paradise (FatKidsBrotha) (2011)
Trill Shit Only (Curtis Williams) (2011)
Two-9 Forever (2012)
A Two9 Christmas (2012)
Kung Fu In Japan (Retro Sushi) (2012)
Mothers Are The Blame (Key!) (2012)
NOONEISREADY (Key! & TrapMoneyBenny) (2012)
Half Forgotten Daydreams (Curtis Williams) (2013)
Fathers Are The Curse (Key!) (2013)
Eastside Paradise II (FatKidsBrotha) (2013)
NOONEISREADY II (Key! & TrapMoneyBenny) (2014)
Danco James (Curtis Williams) (2014)
B4FRVR (2015)
#AugustTwo9 EP (2015)
#SeptemberTwo9 EP (2015)
#OctoberTwo9 EP (2015)
Singles
"Where The Money At? (prod. by Mike Will Made It)"
"Everything (prod. by Mike Will Made It)"
"3732 (Retro Sushi) ft. OJ Da Juiceman"
"Free Waffles (Retro Sushi & Key!)"
"Rackades"
"By The Hour"
References
American hip hop groups
Hip hop collectives
Musical groups established in 2009
Southern hip hop groups
Alternative hip hop groups
Underground hip hop groups
Gainestown is an unincorporated community on the Alabama River in Clarke County, Alabama, United States. It was named for George Strother Gaines, who was the senior United States Indian agent in the region; they established a trading post here in 1809 for business with the Choctaw, the predominant tribe.
The exact date for the founding of the town is unclear. However, the community was being referred to as Gainestown by 1815, following the end of the Creek War and closure of the trading post in 1814. Gainestown grew to be a large town during the heyday of river-based transport, but a slow decline began after the American Civil War.
A tornado on March 26, 1911, destroyed at least 12 homes and much of the town. A contemporaneous account of the storm said that a dry goods store in the town was destroyed, with fragments of its products found as far away as to the east, in Monroe County.
Gainestown has three sites listed on the National Register of Historic Places: the Gainestown Methodist Church and Cemetery, Gainestown Schoolhouse, and the Wilson-Finlay House.
Geography
Gainestown is located at and has an elevation of .
References
Unincorporated communities in Alabama
Unincorporated communities in Clarke County, Alabama
St. James School and similar name forms may refer to:
St James School, Exeter, Devon, England
St James School, Grimsby, Lincolnshire, England
St James's School, Dudley, West Midlands, England
St. James School, Maryland, United States
St. James School, Ohio, United States
Saint James School (Montgomery, Alabama), United States
St. James' School (Kolkata), West Bengal, India
St. James' School, Binnaguri, Jalpaiguri, West Bengal, India
See also
Multiple countries
St. James Elementary School (disambiguation)
St. James Academy (disambiguation)
Saint James School of Medicine, Anguilla and Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Canada
Saint James Catholic High School (Guelph), Ontario
St. James Collegiate, Manitoba
Philippines
St. James High School (Philippines)
United Kingdom
St James' Catholic High School, Colindale, London, England
St James' Catholic High School, Stockport, Greater Manchester, England
St James's Church of England High School, Farnworth, Greater Manchester, England
St James Independent Schools, England
United States
St. James High School (Louisiana)
St. James High School (Ferndale, Michigan)
Saint James High School (New Jersey), Carneys Point Township, New Jersey
St. James High School for Boys, Pennsylvania
St. James High School (South Carolina)
St. James Middle School, South Carolina
St. James Parish Public Schools, Louisiana
Vijin () may refer to:
Vijin-e Bala
Vijin-e Pain
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Unione Sportiva Scafatese Calcio was a clone Italian association football club located in Scafati, Campania.
History
Foundation
The club was founded in 2010 as A.S.D. Virtus Scafatese 2010 and in 2014 it was renamed with the new name.
Serie D
In the season 2013–14 the team played with the fellow-citizen of S.S. Scafatese Calcio 1922 and was promoted for the first time, from Eccellenza Campania/B to Serie D, but it was immediately relegated. It folded in 2016.
Colors and badge
Its colors are blue and yellow.
Football clubs in Campania
Serie D clubs
Association football clubs established in 2010
2010 establishments in Italy
2016 disestablishments in Italy
The Asian Pacific American Medical Student Association (APAMSA), founded in 1995, is the nation's largest organization representing Asian Pacific Islander American (APIA) medical students. APAMSA is a student-governed and national organization that promotes awareness and advocacy of issues affecting the APIA community. They have over 4,500 active medical students, pre-medical students, interns, medical residents, and practicing physicians.
APAMSA hosts an annual National Conference and a Hepatitis B Conference in the fall. The 2019 National Conference was hosted at New York University on October 4–6.
Currently, APAMSA has over 120 local chapters at different medical schools and college campuses (prehealth) in the United States.
Previous work
Disparities in Medical Education: In 2007, APAMSA conducted a national study to reveal racial and ethnic disparities in medical school grades during clinical years. The study demonstrated that minorities receive lower grades than white medical students. This study served to show the possibility that cultural factors may play a role in medical school grades during clinical years. In 2009, APAMSA followed up with a second study to examine medical student communication styles. The study concluded that there were differences in student communication styles and feedback based on demographic differences suggesting a need for cultural competency training for both medical student and teacher.
Bone Marrow Drive: During the Presidential Inaugural Committee's National Day of Service, APAMSA helped organize the Gift of Hope, Gift of Unity Marrow Drives in Washington DC and in California with Yul Kwon and the national bone marrow programs: NMDP, AADP (Asian American Donor Program), A3M, and SAMAR. In 2009, APAMSA also launched the 1000 CRANES for HOPE Campaign to register at least 1000 minorities onto the National Bone Marrow Registry.
Hepatitis B: Since 2006, APAMSA has contributed to help raise awareness about Hepatitis B and liver disease in the APA community by Hepatitis B, APAMSA Fights to Break the Hepatitis B Cycle. This campaign brought together a national cross-section of medical students and physicians dedicated to ending the epidemic of hepatitis B in APA community, and the launching of several local hepatitis B education and screening programs across the United States.
Japan Tsunami Relief: In 2011 in response to the devastating earthquake and tsunami in Japan, APAMSA chapters throughout the United States raised a combined total of over $11,000 which was ultimately donated to aid the recovery effort in Japan. The Albert Einstein College of Medicine was recognized as the top fundraiser in the effort as they raised a total of $6508.32.
AllofUs Research Initiative: In 2018, APAMSA was chosen as one of only two national AANHPI-serving organization partners in the Asian Engagement and Recruitment Core (ARC) for the All of Us Research Program (AoURP). With the assistance of the ARC, students and community members were enrolled at local health fairs and community events to be a part of the program and increase AANHPI representation in the AoURP for future clinical trials and biomedical research.
National initiatives
Hepatitis B and C Initiative and Conference
Community Outreach Initiative
Bone Marrow Initiative
Cancer Initiative
Global Health Initiative
Health Education Initiative
Academic Education Initiative
Premedical Students Initiative
Diversity Initiative
Alumni Initiative
Health Advocacy Initiative
AAPI Advocacy Initiative
History
APAMSA officially started in 1995 by Dr. B Li and their colleagues with the first National Conference after they were worried about the future of APA medical students and communities. Since then, APAMSA has grown to include many National Programs including the Hepatitis B education and immunization project and the Bone Marrow Donation project.
As an organization based on health care, APAMSA has also held a prominent role in speaking out for smoking and tobacco use targeting the Asian community, for irresponsible alcohol use, for immunization and for health standards addressing needs of the medically underserved. So far efforts have been met with great success as smoking and alcohol consumption, along with related chronic illnesses, have been on the rise in Asian youth since 2003.
National conferences
Initially, National Conference was a one-day event, usually held on a Saturday. Occasionally there has been expansion to 2–3 days with additional pre-conference activities the Friday afternoon/night before (Pre-Med Day, Anti-Racism Workshop) or the following Sunday (Transition meeting).
At the 26th National Conference (2019), the first "Alumni Day" was held with good turn out from local physicians and healthy discussion on how to best support the next generation of Asian American health professionals.
Historical national conferences
Historical national presidents
References
External links
Medical associations based in the United States
Medical and health student organizations
Student organizations in the United States
Ethnic student organizations
Babken I of Cilicia ( ) Gulesserian (23 March 1868 in Aintab – 9 July 1936 in Antelias) was Catholicos Coadjutor to Sahag II, Catholicos of Cilicia of the Holy See of Cilicia of the Armenian Apostolic Church. They were chosen because of the old age of the Catholicos to assist them in their duties.
Born Harutyun Gulesserian, Babken I served as Coadjutor for the period 1931 to 1936, whereas Catholicos Sahag II served from 1902–1939, outliving him.
1868 births
1936 deaths
People from Gaziantep
Armenians of the Ottoman Empire
Armenian Oriental Orthodox Christians
Publius Aelianus Aelianus was a senior officer in the Imperial Roman army in the mid-Third Century AD who rose from relatively lowly origins to become the prefect of a legion under the Emperor Gallienus They were one of the earliest beneficiaries of Gallienus's policy that effectively excluded senators from army commands in favour of career-soldiers of equestrian rank. Their later life is obscure.
They were possibly procurator (i.e. Chief Financial Officer) of Epirus in the late-260s, but the foremost authorities query this identification. However, there are stronger grounds for believing that they were appointed a praeses (provincial governor of equestrian rank) in Africa, most likely under the Emperor Probus.
Sources
The sum total of our knowledge of this man derives from five epigraph inscriptions from:
(a) A fragment of an epigraphic inscription from Poetovio (now Ptuj in Slovenia) that indicates that one AEL...I (a Vir Egregius, presumed to be Aelianus) commanded vexillationes (detachments) of the four legions of Pannonia;
(b) A sarcophagus dedicated by one Aelianus to the memory of their parents found at Obuda, a district of modern Budapest on the west bank of the River Danube which was the site of Aquincum Castrum, Pannonia Inferior, the base of Legio II Adiutrix;
(c) An altar dedicated one Aelianus to Herculi Augusti - i.e. to the Majestic Hercules - from Szentendre, the site of Ulcisia Castra an auxiliary fortress 12 km north of Aquincum;
(d) A stone from Photike in the Roman province of Epirus, nowadays a province of Greece; and
(e) A stone from Zucchabar in Algeria, in the Roman province of Mauritania Caesaensis.
The last four of these inscriptions are analysed in great detail by T. Nagy. This article largely reflects Prof. Nagy's findings and conclusions.
Origins
It is likely that Aelianus was born at Aquincum in Pannonia Inferior which was the base of Legio II Adiutrix. Their father was Martialis (P. Aelius) who had been a Custos Armorum (i.e. Warden of the Armoury) of Legio II (obviously they were described as ex custode armorum - i.e.'formerly Warden etc.' on their tomb) and their mother Fl. Agathe.
The gentilicum Aelius suggests that the family was either descended from one of the settlers who arrived in Pannonia in the century after the Roman conquest or from one of many native Pannonian clans that was given Roman citizenship when the future Emperor Hadrian was governor in the early years of the second century AD (around 106 AD). If the Aelius ancestor was indeed enfranchised during the reign of Hadrian or their successeor, Antoninus Pius they would have taken the name of the imperial dynasty as their own nomen as was the custom of the day. Thus by this interpretation of the onomastics Aelianus's clan had been Roman citizens for well over 100 years by the time they dedicated their parents' sarcophagus and possibly more than 150 years and it is likely that the family had had connections with Legio II for generations.
Early career
It can be safely assumed that, as a castrensis (i.e. 'Son of the Camp' - born of a serving soldier), Aelianus would have enlisted at the earliest age – i.e. 18-20 – probably in their father's legion. It is likely that they would have risen ex caliga – i.e. 'from the ranks of those who wear hobnailed sandals' (the footwear of legionary rankers). However, given that patronage and influence were major determinants (often the major determinants) of advancement in the Roman Army, it is not unreasonable to suppose that, as the son of a principalis, Aelianus would have enjoyed some advantages vis-à-vis their fellow-recruits that would have helped promote their career.
Nevertheless, the inscriptions cited make it clear beyond all doubt that Aelianus showed themselves a highly capable soldier and probably a lucky one as well who prospered in the conditions of crisis that prevailed on Rome's northern frontiers in the middle years of the Third Century AD.
Although they probably enlisted in Legio II and certainly commanded it at a high point of their career, they are unlikely to have served solely with that legion. Like many of the soldiers who rose to prominence in their era, it seems safer to postulate that they rose through the centurionate receiving progressively more senior postings in different legions before they achieved primipilaris status (i.e. had been promoted primus pilus of a legion and had served a year at that rank) and then continued their career as an equestrian officer. Presumably after achieving equestrian rank as a primipilaris they had gone on to command vexillationes as a praepositus and had then been promoted to the rank of Praefectus Legionis - formerly Praefectus Castrorum Legionis. There is no evidence that they ever served as tribunus of cohortes of the Rome garrison often a prelude to ducal commands and equestrian governorships.
Apogée in the Balkans
The first Aelianus inscription cited above is incomplete, but it mentions an AELI(us)... V(iri) E(gregii) DUCI(s) as the commander of detachments drawn from the four legions of the Pannonian provinces at Poetovio, a highly strategic fortress commanding the approaches to Italy through the Julian Alps. Whether or not this man is to be identified with P. Aelius Aelianus, the subject of this paper, is uncertain. Prof. Nagy and Jones et al. did not make the connection. However, Fitz believed that they were one and the same person). Fitz also suggests that the inscription should be dated to the period 262-4 AD - i.e. they were put in post in 262 after the expulsion of the Roxolani who had ravaged Illyricum after they had defeated and killed the usurper Regalianus and removed when they were made Praefectus legionis at Aquincum in 264.
Fitz's supposition that the Aelianus referred to was the P. Aelius Aelianus identified in the later inscriptions seems plausible, partly because: (i) it seems highly unlikely that there would have been two very senior officers of that name commissioning lapidary inscriptions in Pannonia within a very short period yet making no attempt to differentiate themselves from each other; and (ii) the Poetovio posting seems a highly probable career move for a man who was soon to be re-manifested as one of Gallienus's legionary prefects.
As the Praefectus Legionis II Adiutricis referred to on the Aquincum sarcophagus of Martialis and their wife Fl. Agathe(a), Aelianus is likely to have been one of the earliest beneficiaries of Gallienus's policy of excluding senators from army commands in favour of professional equestrian officers who would, more often than not, have risen from the ranks. Nagy argues that, as a non-senator, Aelianus would not have been given this posting prior to the Persian captivity in 260 AD of Gallienus's father and senior Augustus, the Emperor Valerian. The measures that opened the legionary commands to equestrian officers were taken by Gallienus during their sole reign - possibly in 261 AD. Nor could Aelianus have been given the command after 267 in which year Valerius Marcellinus was in command of Legio II. Nagy is inclined to ascribe Aelianus's promotion to the earlier part of this five year 'window'.
The Ulcisia altar describes the dedicator, P. Aelius Aelianus, as prefect of the Second legion, thus confirming that they were the same man as the one who had commissioned the sarcophagus of Martialis and Fl. Agathe. It adds the additional information that they were protector nostri augusti Gallieni – i.e. 'Protector of Our Majestic Lord Gallienus'. They are, thus, one of the earliest known recipients of that title. However, that the honorific should refer to 'Our Majestic Gallienus' rather than to 'Our Majestic Lords' (i.e. Valerian and Gallienus) as in the case of L. Petronius Taurus Volusianus shows that the inscription can be dated to the period of Gallienus's sole reign, but in the early part of that period when the honour was still awarded to senior officers rather than centurions as was later the case.(See Protectores Augusti Nostri. Their membership of the Protectores nostril augusti Gallieni also suggests that when they commanded Leg. II Adjutrix that legion was brigaded with the Imperial field-army (comitatus) rather than serving with the provincial garrison of Pannonia Inferior - its usual station during High Empire period.
More important, perhaps, the inscription indicates that they were praefectus legionis agens vice legati – i.e. 'Prefect of the Legion acting on behalf of the (senatorial) legate' who we know was never to be appointed. However, the use of this terminology - presumably a formula to ensure that the prefect had the legal authority of a legate - seems to throw doubt on the proposition advanced by many historians that Gallienus had always intended the removal of senators from legionary commands as a permanent reform as opposed to an expedient resorted to in the crisis following the captivity of Valerian that was never reversed. In other words, it suggests Aurelius Victor was mistaken when they said that Gallienus had issued an edict incorporating the change in law. If such a law had been promulgated the formula agens vices legati would surely have been superfluous. Recent scholarship has suggested that the real purpose of Gallienus's Edict was not to exclude senators from army appointments - otherwise why did they continue to appoint senatorial provincial governors with supreme military authority within their provinciae(?) - but to make it possible for the Emperor to appoint equestrian officers to these positions thus broadening their powers choice at a time when the Empire was under particular pressure to find commanders with adequate military experience.
Later career
The Photike inscription is in Greek and it identifies an 'Aelius Aelianus' as the chief financial officer (Lat. Procurator) of the province of Epirus sometime in the period 275-80 AD who had previously taken part in the census of the frontier province of Noricum. It is unlikely that the Aelianus who was a legionary prefect before 266 could have held these offices at a later date as the posts were lower in the equestrian career structure. However, the work of Brunt has thrown doubt on the theory that the Roman principate ever had a highly structured equestrian administrative service such as that envisaged by Pflaum and others and, in the light of this, it is possible to propose that Aelianus might have gone on from the command of a legion to a ducenarian procuratorship in the later 260s.
Less controversially, Nagy considered that the 'Aelius Aelianus' who was identified as V(ir) P(erfectissimus), praeses provinciae Mauritaniae Caesarensis (i.e. 'Best of Men, Governor of the province of Mauritania Caesarensis) in around 276 could well have been the same man as the praefectus legionis II in Aquincum of a dozen years earlier. They had by then been elevated to the perfectissimate, the second rank of the equestrian order. Nagy believed that this appointment would have been a promotion quite compatible with theories then current as to the equestrian career structure. Furthermore, it would also fit in with the known tendency to appoint military men to governing posts in Africa from the later years of the Emperor Probus onwards to deal with increased restlessness on the part of the Berber tribes of the Mauretanian interior. As Nagy observes, the Aelianus whose early experience of independent command had been against Sarmatian steppe nomads in Illyricum would have been well qualified to deal with Berber razzias in Rome's west African provinces.
Rank and social status
As a Praefectus legionis vice legati Aelianus had been egregius - i.e. a member of the third grade of the equestrian order - but, as Praeses Mauritaniae, they were a perfectissimus. Their promotion in rank had brought with it a promotion in their social status.
In addition it was not considered necessary to use the formula agens vice praesidis to emphasise that, as an equestrian, their rank as praeses was only 'acting'. This seems to have been a fairly recent development in the status of equestrian governors who were replacing senators in pro-praetorian provinces. For instance, not many years before in the 260s, as governor of the province of Pannonia Inferior, Lucius Flavius Aper had only had the status of vir egregius and the formula agens vice praesidis had been used to qualify their rank as though it was deemed necessary to emphasise that their governorship was only 'acting'.
References and notes
3rd-century Romans
Equestrian commanders of vexillationes
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Praefectus legionum
Aelianus, Publius
Dil Dosti Duniyadari is a Marathi television sitcom produced by Sanjay Jadhav and Deepak Rane. It started airing on Zee Marathi from 9 March 2015 and also digitally available on ZEE5. It revolves around six friends living as paying guests in Mumbai with the homeowner's nephew Sujay, in a house they affectionately call "Mazghar". The serial's first season concluded on 20 February 2016. The series second season, Dil Dosti Dobara, was a reboot sequel.
Premise
Dil Dosti Duniyadari is a journey of six friends, all of different shades and colours. Meenal, Anna, Reshma, Sujay, Kaivalya and Ashutosh not only share the same flat but also share their lives with each other. All of them have come to Mumbai with a reason of their own. When destiny brings them together, it becomes a mad man's world to live in. Each day brings about a new set of fun-filled expeditions for them. No matter how bad the situation is they always stand by each other. The life in this house is no less than a roller coaster ride of emotions. These six individuals have now found family away from family. From here begins a journey of evolving relationships, changing dreams, heartbreaks, countless moments of pain and joy. But most of all an unending journey of lifelong friendship.
Plot
The plot of Dil Dosti Duniyadari serial begins with a newly married Reshma who leaves their home in Akola to settle with their husband Rakesh. When they reach Mumbai, Reshma is heartbroken when they find out that Rakesh has a girlfriend and was unwillingly married to Reshma on receiving threats from their father. Reshma leaves the house and does not know what to do, with their dreams crushed.
Another girl, Meenal, discovers Reshma abandoned and befriends them They introduce Reshma to their flatmates. Initially they are reluctant to receive her, but soon bond with them mainly because Reshma is a talented cook. The story showcases the friends in various situations, exploring their emotions to the furthest extent and each one learns something new about life. Reshma changes as their friends teach them to live life full of freedom. Reshma and their friends decide not to tell their family the truth, at least until Reva (Reshma's younger sister) is married. Rakesh comes to respect Reshma.
The show concludes when Reshma, Rakesh, Nisha and the friends reach Akola to attend the marriage of Reva. When the marriage is done, Reshma and their friends reveal the truth in front of everyone. Rakesh's father threatens their son to abandon Nisha, but Rakesh, who is also influenced by Reshma's friends, no longer buckles and strongly asserts himself. Reshma tells the complete truth to their parents who understand them Reshma's father asks them to stay with him. The friends become emotional when they come to know that Reshma will not be coming to them and part ways with them Reshma reunites with their friends, saying that they would be starting a new life with them, with the permission of their father. The friends become overjoyed and enjoy each other's company. The final shot is when all the six friends happily step on the platform of Dadar station in Mumbai.
Cast
Main
Suvrat Joshi as Sujay Sathe (Scholar) - A scholarly intellectual who works in an IT corporate sector and has migrated from Pune. Sujay is the 'Know-it-all' of the house as well as the second eldest member of Mazghar.  They are very strict about manners, money and discipline, but at the same time, they care for all their friends and stands with them in need. They have a sister Piyu, who suffers from schizophrenia, because of which they are overprotective of them The house, Mazghar, in which all the friends live, is their Kaka's investment flat.
Amey Wagh as Kaivalya Karkhanis (KK) - A boy from a rich business family who has fled from there to pursue their dreams. They aspire to be a great singer and music composer one day and to show their father the real worth of music. Kaivalya is as proud as a peacock, and has a sarcastic sense of humour but is willing to undertake any task for their friends. Piyu had a crush on Kaivalya. Kaivalya has a strained relationship with their business person father, Vasant Karkhanis. However, Vasant reconciles with their son and allows them to live life the way they want.
Pushkaraj Chirputkar as Aashutosh Shivalkar (Aashu, Bunny) - An unemployed youngster who hails from Yavatmal, he's the eldest member of "Mazghar". They work as a clown for a party organizer to earn their livelihood. Kinjal is the love of their life, who is Gujarati. They always borrow money from their friends and other people and never repays them. They speak poor English but tries hard to learn. Aashu is the butt of the jokes and is considered goofy and cowardly. But despite their lighthearted surface, Aashu hides a very dark past.  They are a former dreaded gangster who worked in the mafia, but they grew disgusted with these criminal activities and decided to redeem himself. They often tell stories of their childhood friend Pamya and forgets each time that they have told everyone about Pamya.
Pooja Thombre as Anna Mathews - A Catholic girl who is originally from Vasai and works in the fashion industry.  They are innocent and naive, being the youngest of all tenants, due to which they are a soft target for others to ridicule. Anna had a sad childhood with their quarrelling parents. Them parents don't believe in their ambition, regardless of which they are working their way out to prove themselves to their family and live them dreams.
Swanandi Tikekar as Meenal Shevale - A girl who has left their Solapur house to become an actor.  They are a very open-minded girl and is quite confident about herself. They depict an independent twenty-first-century city girl. While they appear to be strong and confident, they grieve about the way they and their three little sisters were neglected by their chauvinistic father. They had a crush on the director of their play, Kabir.
Sakhi Gokhale as Reshma Rakesh Inamdar -  They are the newest and only married member of "Mazghar". A young housewife from Akola comes to stay with the others after realising that their husband has married them only for pleasing their strict father, and therefore material gain. In reality, they secretly love a North Indian girl called Nisha. Dismal and heartbroken, they start living with the other tenants. With their new friends, they uncover various aspects of life that they never encountered.  They are a talented cook and Aashu considers them a sister.
Recurring
Pankaj Khamkar as Rakesh Jagannath Inamdar - Reshma's estranged husband, also from Akola.  They are blackmailed by their father, Jagannath Inamdar, that they can only marry a woman of their Baba's choice, or any other Maharashtrian woman. If they disobeyed, their father would refuse to give them property for their married life. So Jagannath arranges their son's marriage to a girl called Reshma Patil who happens to be in the same city and arranges property for both to live in Mumbai. However, Jagannath nor Reshma have any idea that Rakesh is cheating them by having secret extramarital affairs with a North Indian girl called Nisha. Rakesh is very intelligent, rich, and good at their work, however as a person very selfish, greedy, materialistic, and inconsiderate with Reshma. They believe that Rakesh would realize their mistake finally and come back to her, but their roommates loathe and disdain him. Nevertheless, they still tolerate their antics by never closing the door on Rakesh whenever they come to Mazghar to visit their wife. Rakesh fears Aashutosh the most, as they once beat them up and hung them upside down a ceiling fan when Rakesh berates Reshma. Reshma gives up on Rakesh eventually and accepts them as a friend.
Kiran Nivalkar as Sam - They own a food joint and is a friend of the tenants. They have a crush on Pragalbha. Their dreams of living their life with Pragalbha are finally fulfilled nearing the end of the series when Kaivalya's tricks make them fall in love with Sam.
Suvedha Desai as Kinjal - Aashu's English tutor and their love interest.  They are a Gujarati.
Rucha Apte as Supriya Sathe (Piyu) - Sujay's younger sister who has a crush on Kaivalya. They were hidden by Sujay on the grounds that they had a severe mental illness but later revealed. Sujay lovingly calls their bachcha. Doctors confirm that Piyu will gradually recover from their mental condition and return to normal.  They are the only one around whom Sujay behaves like a child.
Shweta Ambikar as Reva Patil - Reshma's younger sister who lives in Akola with their parents. They later marries their boyfriend Ketan.
Rasika Vengurlekar as Pragalbha Nagaonkar -  They are the daughter of the society's strict secretary Mr. Nagaonkar, a man who views unusual situations with a strong cynical eye.  They are eccentric and aberrant who frequently changes their love interest from Sujay and Kaivalya, none of which is actually true. In the end, they ended up starting a true relationship with Sam.
Manjiri Pupala as Nisha - A cool and collected North Indian girl, they are Rakesh's love and girlfriend whom they live with. Jagannath refuses to give property to Rakesh if they marry someone 'off-limits', therefore they don't marry them and Reshma instead.
Lalit Prabhakar as Kabir - A play director who casts Meenal in their plays.  They are stern and frequently reprimands Meenal for their inability to cry during sad scenes, therefore the inability to act well. Meenal falls in love with them later, but Kabir is actually married.
Sayali Phatak as Chinmayee Chaudhari (Chinu), Meenal's friend. They hail from Dhule District in Maharashtra. They want to be a filmmaker. The roomies helped them to make a documentary on Bachelors living in Mumbai. They halted in Majhghar for a week for their college submission of the same documentary.
Atul Kasava as Mr. Nagaonkar (secretary of Society)
Awards
Reception
Special episode (1 hour)
22 March 2015
Ratings
References
External links
Dil Dosti Duniyadari at ZEE5
Marathi-language television shows
Zee Marathi original programming
2015 Indian television series debuts
2016 Indian television series endings
On June 3, 1959 a by-election was held for one of the Mahasu seats in the Lok Sabha (the lower house of the Parliament of India). In the 1957 Indian general election Yashwant Singh Parmar and Nek Ram of the Indian National Congress had been declared the winners of the two Mahasu constituency seats, but subsequently the Election Tribunal had declared the election of Parmer invalid due to 'corrupt practices'.
There were three candidates in the fray for the by-election; Shivanand Ramaul from the Indian National Congress, Hira Singh Pal from the Praja Socialist Party and Kameshwar Pandit from the Communist Party of India (standing as an independent). Ramaul won the seat with 39,405 votes (50.39%). Pal obtained 31,250 votes (40.39%) and Pandit got 6,712 votes (8.67%).
References
By-elections in India
1959 elections in India
Indian general elections in Himachal Pradesh
The 2017 Southeastern Conference football season was the 85th season of SEC football and took place during the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The season began on August 31 and will end with the 2017 SEC Championship Game on December 2. The SEC is a Power Five conference under the College Football Playoff format along with the Atlantic Coast Conference, the Big 12 Conference, the Big Ten Conference, and the Pac–12 Conference. For the 2017 season, the SEC has 14 teams divided into two divisions of seven each, named East and West.
Preseason
Recruiting classes
SEC media days
The SEC conducted its annual media days at the Hyatt Regency Birmingham – The Wynfrey Hotel in Hoover, Alabama between July 11 and July 14. The event commenced with a speech by commissioner Greg Sankey, and all 14 teams sent their head coaches and three selected players to speak with members of the media. The event along with all speakers and interviews were broadcast live on the SEC Network and streamed live on ESPN.com.
Preseason media polls
The SEC Media Days concluded with its annual preseason media polls. Since 1992, the credentialed media has gotten the preseason champion correct just six times. Only nine times has the preseason pick even made it to the SEC title game. Below are the results of the media poll with total points received next to each school and first-place votes in parentheses.
SEC Champion Voting
Alabama – 217
Auburn – 11
Georgia – 6
Florida – 3
LSU – 3
Texas A&M – 1
South Carolina – 1
Arkansas – 1
Vanderbilt – 1
West Division
1. Alabama – 1,683 (225)
2. Auburn – 1,329 (13)
3. LSU – 1,262 (4)
4. Arkansas – 796 (1)
5. Texas A&M – 722
6. Mississippi State – 633
7. Ole Miss – 379
East Division
1. Georgia – 1,572 (138)
2. Florida – 1,526 (96)
3. Tennessee – 998 (3)
4. South Carolina – 897 (5)
5. Kentucky – 869
6. Vanderbilt – 554 (1)
7. Missouri - 388
References:
Preseason All-SEC Media
References:
Head coaches
Note: All stats shown are before the beginning of the season.
References:
Rankings
Schedule
Regular season
All times Eastern time. SEC teams in bold.
Rankings reflect those of the AP poll for that week until week 10 when CFP rankings are used.
Week One
Week Two
The game between Florida and Northern Colorado was canceled due to Hurricane Irma. Both schools' athletic directors decided not to reschedule the game as the two teams do not share a common bye week.
Week Three
Week Four
Week Five
Week Six
Week Seven
Week Eight
Week Nine
Week Ten
Week Eleven
Week Twelve
Week Thirteen
Championship game
Week Fourteen (2017 SEC Championship Game)
SEC vs other conferences
SEC vs. Power 5 matchups
This is a list of teams considered by the SEC as "Power Five" teams for purposes of meeting league requirements that each member play at least one "power" team in non-conference play. In addition to the SEC, the NCAA officially considers all football members of the ACC, Big 10, Big 12 and Pac-12, plus independent Notre Dame (a full but non-football ACC member), as "Power Five" teams. Although the NCAA does not consider BYU a "Power Five" school, the SEC considers games against BYU as satisfying its "Power Five" scheduling requirement.
All rankings are from the current AP Poll at the time of the game.
Records against other conferences
Regular Season
Post Season
Postseason
Bowl games
(Rankings from final CFP Poll; All times Eastern)
Awards and honors
Player of the week honors
SEC Individual Awards
The following individuals won the conference's annual player and coach awards:
Offensive Player of the Year: Kerryon Johnson, Auburn
Defensive Player of the Year: Roquan Smith, Georgia
Coach of the Year: Kirby Smart, Georgia
Special Teams Player of the Year: Daniel Carlson, Auburn
Freshman Player of the Year: Jake Fromm, Georgia
Newcomer Player of the Year: Jarrett Stidham, Auburn
Jacobs Blocking Trophy: Braden Smith, Auburn
Scholar-Athlete Player of the Year: Danny Etling, LSU
Reference:
All-Conference teams
Coaches
Media
References:
All-Americans
OL – Braden Smith, Auburn (AP, ESPN, CBS)
OL – Frank Ragnow, Arkansas (CBS)
LB – Jeff Holland, Auburn (SI)
LB – Roquan Smith, Georgia (AP, AFCA, FWAA, WCFF, TSN, SI, USAT, ESPN, CBS, CFN)
LB – Rashaan Evans, Alabama (AFCA)
DB – Carlton Davis, Auburn (SI)
DB – Minkah Fitzpatrick, Alabama (AP, AFCA, FWAA, WCFF, TSN, SI, USAT, ESPN, CBS, CFN)
PK – Daniel Carlson, Auburn (AFCA, WCFF, CBS)
P – Johnny Townsend, Florida (SI)
P – J. K. Scott, Alabama (CFN)
National Award Finalists
Winners in bold
Manning Award (quarterback) – Jalen Hurts, Alabama; Jarrett Stidham, Auburn
Bednarik Award ( the best defensive player) – Minkah Fitzpatrick, Alabama; Roquan Smith, Georgia
Bronko Nagurski Award ( the best defensive player) – Minkah Fitzpatrick, Alabama; Roquan Smith, Georgia
Butkus Award ( the best linebacker) – Roquan Smith, Georgia
Jim Thorpe Award ( the best defensive back) – Minkah Fitzpatrick, Alabama
Wuerffel Trophy (humanitarian–athlete) – Courtney Love, Kentucky
Lou Groza Award ( the best kicker) – Daniel Carlson, Auburn
Ray Guy Award ( the best punter) – J. K. Scott, Alabama
AP Coach of the Year – Kirby Smart, Georgia
Home game attendance
Game played at Arkansas' secondary home stadium War Memorial Stadium, capacity: 54,120.
Reference:
References
Hemiphyllodactylus zalonicus, also known as the Mt. Zalon slender gecko, is a species of gecko. It is endemic to Myanmar.
References
Hemiphyllodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
Endemic fauna of Myanmar
Reptiles of Myanmar
Taxa named by Larry Lee Grismer
Taxa named by Roman A. Nazarov
Taxa named by Nikolay A. Poyarkov Jr.
Matias "Mati" Brain Peña (born January 15, 1974 in Santiago) is Chilean triathlete. Nicknamed "Mati", Brain competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took forty-first place with a total time of 1:53:44.90.
References
Profile
1974 births
Living people
Chilean male triathletes
Pan American Games competitors for Chile
Olympic triathletes of Chile
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Santiago
20th-century Chilean people
21st-century Chilean people
Hebei University () is a public comprehensive university in Baoding, Hebei Province, China. The university has an estimated student population of 33,000, including 6,100 full-time postgraduates and 26,900 full-time undergraduates.
History
The university was founded in 1921 as the "Institut des Hautes Études et Commerciales des Tientsin" by French Jesuits in Tianjin. The next four decades saw the university significantly changed, during which it is known by the names of Tsin Ku University (), Tianjin Normal College and Tianjin Normal University respectively. In 1960, the university is reformed as a comprehensive University and renamed as Hebei University. In 1970, three years after Tianjin was designated as an autonomous municipality, which rendered it outside of the jurisdiction of Hebei province, the university was moved to Baoding.
Campus
The University campus covers an area of over . The University library has a collection of 3,900,000 books and 5,000 periodicals. It has one of the largest collections of rare books among Chinese universities. The University museum houses more than 8,000 objects, over 70 of which are designated as national treasures and protected by law. The museum also possesses some rare specimens of animals and plants.
Curriculum
As a comprehensive university, Hebei University offers a variety of courses covering a wide range of fields, including Philosophy, Economics, Law, Education, Literature, History, Science and Technology, Engineering, Medicine and Management. The 15 colleges offer 85 specialized undergraduate courses leading to bachelor's degrees. The university can also award master's degrees in 140 subjects and doctorates in 12 fields.
Rankings
Hebei University consistently ranks one of the top two universities in Hebei Province on a variety of criteria and is consistently ranked top 80 in China.
The Chinese University Ranking (Wu Shulian) rankings by year:
Notable Faculty Members
The university has a total of 3,372 teaching and administrative staff, of whom 1,910 are doing teaching and research work, including 417 professors and 722 associate professors.
Among them, professor Yin Xiangchu, a member of Chinese Academy of Sciences, takes the lead in the systematic study of the locust and their work entitled, The Habitat of the Locust Order and a Bibliography of References is considered the most exclusive and systematic in this field.
Prof. Song Daxiang, is a specialist in the study of spiders in China and the author of The Arachnids of China.  They are acclaimed as the chief scholar in their field.
Professor Wei Chunjiang, a distinguished microbiologist, is considered to be the authority on the study of lichen by their fellow scholars at home and abroad.
In addition, the study of the Song Dynasty, headed by Professor Qi Xia, is among the best in China. Qi's work 'The Economic History of the Song Dynasty, lays the cornerstone for the study of economy in ancient China.
The study of the international history of education is led by Professor Teng Dachun, has contributed enormously to works in this field. Teng's book, The History of Education in the United States is one of the most important achievements in this field.
References
External links
Official website
Official English Website
Webpage, China Scholarship Council.
Universities and colleges in Hebei
Educational institutions established in 1921
1921 establishments in China
Gold nanoparticles (AuNPs) are now being used by cosmetic companies like L'Oréal and L'Core Paris when it comes to creating creams and lotions. Gold nanoparticles have been used in the past in pharmaceutical and medical uses, but it is only recently that cosmetic brands are seeking patents for gold nanoparticles to use them for cosmetic formulation.
Research conducted by Tatsiana Mironava, PhD, from Stony Brook University concluded that the size, concentration and frequency of application plays a major part in determining if the material is toxic. Research studies are being conducted to find out the benefits of using gold nanoparticles in cosmetic products and creams. Some of the products that claim to use gold in the formulation would include the L'Core Paris 24k Collection. The recent studies have concluded that gold is inert, and safe for internal medicine, but there is still an ongoing research as to the effects of gold when applied on other purposes in the body.
Gold in skin care products
Gold is now used as an ingredient in skin care products. It is now flaked, liquified and added in moisturizers, sunscreens, eye creams and lip balms. Spa centers also use gold facials, and these are priced around $100 to $1,000. Cosmetic makers cite the use of gold in medicine, it is given to patients with rheumatoid arthritis. The cancer researcher Professor Debabrata Mukhopadhya at the Mayo Clinic said in 2010 that while gold nano particles showed promise for skin care, they were still toxic when injected in high doses in mice.
Dr. Judith Hellman, a dermatologist in New York City, said about gold in skin care: "At best, they do nothing, and at worst, they can give you irritation of the skin".
Brands using nanocosmetics
A 2012 study found that almost all the major cosmetic manufacturers are already using nanotechnology in cosmetics. Cosmetics Estee Lauder and L'Core Paris have entered the Nanomarket, with a range of products that make use of "Nanoparticles".
Nano silver and Nanogold are harnessed for their antibacterial properties and used in cosmetic products. Manufacturers are producing underarm deodorants with claim that they provide 24-Hour antibacterial protection. Nanosized gold, like nanosilver, is said to be effective in disinfecting bacteria in the mouth and is added in toothpaste.
References
Cosmetics
Cosmetics
Moris is a town and seat of Moris Municipality, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2010, the town of Moris had a population of 1,799, up from 1,158 as of 2005.
Climate
Moris has a Mediterranean climate (Köppen Csa), with hot summers and mild winters, often presenting freezing temperatures. The highest temperature ever recorded in Moris is , recorded in June 2014, and a low temperature of was recorded in January 1977.
<div style="width:75%;">
References
Populated places in Chihuahua (state)
Đorđe Jovičić (; born 11 November 2001) is an ethnic Serbian football midfielder from Bosnia and Herzegovina. They hold both nationalities. They recently played for Fortuna Liga club AS Trenčín.
Club career
AS Trenčín
Jovičić had signed with AS Trenčín on a one-year loan with club option for transfer in the summer of 2021. Jovičić explained, that they agreed to a spell in the Fortuna Liga following advice from Hamza Čataković to increase play time they were unable to collect at Braga. Jovičić made their professional Fortuna Liga debut for Trenčín in home defeat at na Sihoti against DAC Dunajská Streda (0–1). They completed the entirety of the match.
References
External links
AS Trenčín profile
2001 births
Living people
People from Šabac
Association football midfielders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina expatriate footballers
Bosnia and Herzegovina youth international footballers
Serbs of Bosnia and Herzegovina
S.C. Braga players
AS Trenčín players
FK Dubnica players
Slovak Super Liga players
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Slovakia
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Slovakia
Georg Joachimsthal (8 May 1863 – 28 February 1914) was a German orthopedist who was native of Stargard in Pommern.
In 1887 they earned their medical doctorate from Friedrich Wilhelm University with a dissertation on scoliosis titled Zur Pathologie und Therapie der Skoliose, and afterwards remained in Berlin as an assistant to Julius Wolff (1836-1902). They received their habilitation in 1898, and two years later founded a private clinic. In 1908 they became an associate professor and director of the orthopedic university polyclinic in Berlin.
In Berlin, Joachimsthal performed important experimental studies involving the physiological effects of orthopedic procedures. They were a founding member of the Deutschen Orthopädischen Gesellschaft (German Orthopedic Society), and in 1910 founded the Berlin Orthopedic Society.
In 1905 they published a highly regarded textbook on orthopedic surgery called Handbuch der Orthopädischen Chirurgie. In 1907 became an editor of the Zeitschrift für Orthopädische Chirurgie.
References
Catalog of scientific collections of the Humboldt University of Berlin (biographical information)
The American Journal of Orthopedic Surgery (obituary)
German orthopedic surgeons
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
Humboldt University of Berlin alumni
1863 births
1914 deaths
People from Stargard
People from the Province of Pomerania
Marlin Skiles (1906–1981) was an American composer of film and television scores.
Partial filmography
Tahiti Honey (1943)
Call of the South Seas (1944)
The Lady and the Monster (1944)
A Thousand and One Nights (1945)
They Wouldn't Say Yes (1945)
Rough, Tough and Ready (1945)
Over 21 (1945)
Gilda (1946)
The Walls Came Tumbling Down (1946)
Gallant Journey (1946)
Dead Reckoning (1947)
The Doolins of Oklahoma (1949) (uncredited)
The Boy from Indiana (1950)
Flat Top (1952)
Fort Osage (1952)
The Rose Bowl Story (1952)
Rodeo (1952)
Wild Stallion (1952)
Wagons West (1952)
Pride of the Blue Grass (1954)
Sudden Danger (1955)
Canyon River (1956)
The Young Guns (1956)
Calling Homicide (1956)
My Gun Is Quick (1957)
The Disembodied (1957)
Man from God's Country (1958)
In the Money (1958)
The Beast of Budapest (1958)
Cole Younger, Gunfighter (1958)
Quantrill's Raiders (1958)
Fort Massacre (1958)
Queen of Outer Space (1958)
Joey Ride (1958)
King of the Wild Stallions (1959)
The Hypnotic Eye (1960)
The Deadly Companions (1961)
Gunfight at Comanche Creek (1963)
The Strangler (1964)
The Shepherd of the Hills (1964)
Indian Paint (1965)
Space Probe Taurus (1965 - as Marlin Skyles)
The Violent Ones (1967)
Dayton's Devils (1968)
The Resurrection of Zachary Wheeler (1971)
References
Bibliography
Alan Gevinson. Within Our Gates: Ethnicity in American Feature Films, 1911-1960. University of California Press, 1997.
External links
1906 births
1981 deaths
20th-century American composers
Eskil Ervik (born 11 January 1975) is a Norwegian speedskater. Ervik's best distance is traditionally the 5000-m, where they for several years was among the very best of the world, but their top priority for the most part of their career was to perform optimally in the allround championships. Their retirement from top international speedskating was announced in April 2007.
Career history
Ervik won bronze at the World Allround Championships in Hamar in 1999 and silver at the European Allround Championships in 2000 and 2006, again in Hamar. As of January 2007, they have won the Norwegian allround championships seven times (2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2006, 2007), and has also won a string of Norwegian single distance championships titles.
Under American coach Peter Mueller, Ervik enjoyed a new spring as a speed skater – on 15 October 2005, they set a new world outdoor record on the 3000 meters, finishing at 3:44.90 in Inzell, and on 5 November 2005, they set the world record (indoor or outdoor) on that distance in Calgary with a time of 3:37.28. Eight days later in Calgary, they broke the world record on the 5000 meters, finishing in 6:12.19, on that occasion also being the first skater ever to do the 5000 meters with all lap times below 30 seconds. This was a short-lived world record, though, since Chad Hedrick skated faster in the next race.
Ervik's highest ranking on the all-time best-ever Adelskalender list was a 4th place, a position they held briefly on 4 December 2005, when they became the second skater ever to race a 10,000-m below 13 minutes (but 12.52 seconds later Enrico Fabris overtook their 4th rank position). Ervik was for several years the best Norwegian on the Adelskalender, until Håvard Bøkko passed them in March 2007. At the time of their retirement from speedskating, Ervik held the 8th position at the Adelskalender.
In the "Top Gear Winter Olympics Special" Jeremy Clarkson raced with a Jaguar XK8 against Ervik in a 1500m (three lap) race around a speed-skating track. Due to the car's traction and handling being reduced to virtually zero while on the ice, Ervik managed to finish the race with a two lap lead.
Ervik currently works as head of the marketing department at the Storhamar Dragons front office.
Record
Personal record
Source: SpeedskatingResults.com
World record
Source: SpeedSkatingStats.com
References
External links
Eskil Ervik at SpeedSkatingStats.com
Eskil Ervik announces their retirement
Photos of Eskil Ervik
Poem and sculpture inspired by Ervik
Exit Ervik
1975 births
Living people
Norwegian male speed skaters
Olympic speed skaters of Norway
Speed skaters at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Speed skaters at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Hamar Katedralskole alumni
World Allround Speed Skating Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Trondheim
Dar-e Bala (, also Romanized as Dar-e Bālā and Darbālā) is a village in Pishva Rural District, in the Central District of Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 544, in 116 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Bigamy () is a 1922 German silent drama film directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein and starring Alfred Abel, Margit Barnay, and Reinhold Schünzel.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Siegfried Wroblewsky.
Cast
References
Bibliography
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
1922 drama films
German drama films
Films directed by Rudolf Walther-Fein
Films based on works by Leo Tolstoy
German films based on plays
Silent drama films
Naldanga is a village in Jhenaidah Sadar Upazila, Jhenaidah District, Bangladesh.
References
Populated places in Khulna Division
Trường Sa is an island district of Khánh Hòa province in the South Central Coast region of Vietnam. It was established on the basis of the Spratly Islands (except Louisa Reef, Luconia Shoals and James Shoal), which is also claimed wholly or in part by Brunei, China, Malaysia, the Philippines and Taiwan. According to the 2009 census, the district has a population of 195 people.
Geography
Trường Sa district was established on the basis of small coral islands/cays, reefs and banks of the Spratly Islands which are south east of Cam Ranh. As the islands contain a large number of scattered geographic entities, the district is divided into eight clusters including Song Tử, Thị Tứ, Loại Ta, Nam Yết, Sinh Tồn, Trường Sa, Thám Hiểm and Bình Nguyên by Vietnam.
Administrative history in the 20th century
By the early 1930s, France had claimed the Spratly Islands. On 21 December 1933, Cochinchina's governor Jean-Félix Krautheimer signed Decree No. 4702-CP annexing Spratly Island, Amboyna Cay, Itu Aba Island, Northeast Cay, Southwest Cay, Thitu Island, Loaita Island and subsidiary islands into Bà Rịa province.
On 22 October 1956, Republic of Vietnam's President Ngô Đình Diệm signed Decree No. 143-NV renaming provinces of South Vietnam. According to this decree, Bà Rịa–Vũng Tàu was renamed to Phước Tuy province under which the Spratly Islands was administered.
On 6 September 1973, the Republic of Vietnam's Ministry of the Interior signed Decree No. 420-BNV/HCĐP/26 merging Spratly Island, Amboyna Cay, Itu Aba Island, Northeast Cay, Southwest Cay, Loaita Island, Thitu Island, Namyit Island, Sin Cowe Island and the surrounding islands into Phước Hải Commune, Đất Đỏ district, Phước Tuy province.
On 9 December 1982, the Council of Ministers of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam issued Decision No. 193/HĐBT establishing Trường Sa District as an administrative unit of Đồng Nai Province. On December 28, 1982, The Seventh National Assembly decided to incorporate Trường Sa District into Phú Khánh Province.
On 1 July 1989, the National Assembly split Phú Khánh Province into Phú Yên province and Khánh Hòa province. Trường Sa district has been under the direct administration of Khánh Hòa since then.
Administration
According to Decree No. 65/2007/NĐ-CP of 11 April 2007 issued by the Government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, Trường Sa district has three administrative units including one commune-level town (Trường Sa) and two rural communes (Song Tử Tây and Sinh Tồn).
Trường Sa Township was established on the basis of Trường Sa Island (Spratly Island) and surrounding islands, reefs and banks.
Song Tử Tây Commune was established on the basis of Song Tử Tây island (Southwest Cay) and surrounding islands, reefs and banks.
Sinh Tồn Commune was established on the basis of Sinh Tồn Island (Sin Cowe Island) and surrounding islands, reefs and banks.
In reality, Trường Sa district is effectively administering only 21 islets and reefs of the Spratly Islands:
See also
Kalayaan, Palawan, Philippines
Sansha, Hainan, China
Johnson South Reef Skirmish
Notes
References
Districts of Khánh Hòa province
Spratly Islands
Jinaratna (Jina·ratna; Hindi: जिनरत्न) was a Jain scholar monk who composed Līlāvatīsāra. They completed their poem in the year 1285 CE in Jabaliputra, western India, (modern Jalore in Rajasthan). It is an epitome of a much larger work called composed in Jain Maharashtri, a Prakrit language, in 1036 by Jineshvara, also a Jain monk.
What little is known about Jinaratna, they state themselves in the colophon they placed at the end of their poem, in which they give the lineage of the succession of monastic teachers and pupils from Vardhamana, the teacher of Jineshvara who was the author of , to another Jineshvara who was Jinaratna's own teacher.
Jinaratna studied literature, logic and the canonical texts of the White-Clad Jains, with Jineshvara and other monks. In their colophon they acknowledge the help they received from others in the preparation and correction of the text of Līlāvatīsāra.
Jinaratna in their introductory verses to Līlāvatīsāra describes how their interest in Jineshvara's poem was stimulated by their own teacher. Jinaratna states that they began to write their epitome at the request of those who wished to concentrate on its narrative alone.
By writing in Sanskrit, the pan-Indian language of learned discourse, Jinaratna gave Līlāvatīsāra a far wider readership than was possible for Jineshvara's , since it was written in the Prakrit Jain Maharashtri, a language with a more restricted currency.
Jinaratna displays their mastery of Sanskrit poetics by interspersing complex lyric metres throughout their poem. Not only does Jinaratna employ rare works and unusual grammatical forms drawn from the Sanskrit lexicons and grammars, but they also incorporate into their poem words taken from contemporary spoken vernaculars. Jinaratna's language in the narrative portions of the poem is fast moving and direct, but it is far more ornate in their descriptions of cities, mountains, desert wilderness, battles, festivals, and other topics with which a Sanskrit epic should be embellished.
English translations
The Clay Sanskrit Library has published a translation of Līlāvatīsāra by R.C.C. Fynes under the title of The Epitome of Queen Lilávati (two volumes).
See also
Līlāvatīsāra (The Epitome of Lilavati)
Nivvāṇalīlāvaīkahā
References
External links
Clay Sanskrit Library (official page)
Sanskrit poets
Indian Jain monks
13th-century Indian Jain poets
13th-century Jain monks
13th-century Indian monks
Poets from Rajasthan
George Richard Millard (October 2, 1914 – June 15, 2018) was a suffragan bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of California from 1960 to 1978.
Early life
George Richard Millard was born on October 2, 1914 in Dunsmuir, California to George Ellis and Constance (Rainsberry) Millard.
Personal life
They married Mary Louise Gessling on June 29, 1939. They had three children George, Martha and Joseph. Their son George died in 2002 and their wife Mary died at the age of 90 on August 15, 2005. They turned 100 in October 2014. They died on June 15, 2018 at the age of 103.
References
External links
celebrating the most senior bishop in the episcopal church
General Convention courtesy resolution from 2015
1914 births
2018 deaths
American centenarians
Men centenarians
People from Dunsmuir, California
University of California alumni
20th-century American Episcopalians
Episcopal bishops of California
The European Student Moon Orbiter (ESMO) was a proposed European student mission to the Moon. Student teams from 19 universities throughout Europe worked on the program. ESMO was conceived by the Student Space Exploration & Technology Initiative (SSETI) under the support of the European Space Agency (ESA); prior to the start of Phase A full responsibility for the management of the program was transferred to the ESA Education Office.
In 2009, Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd (SSTL) was selected as prime contractor. In April 2012, ESMO was scheduled for launch in 2014 or 2015, but further ESA evaluation deemed the ESMO project's costs "unsustainable" given the ESA Education Office's budget.
Objectives
The mission objectives for ESMO were:
To launch the first lunar spacecraft to be designed, built and operated by students across ESA Member States and ESA Cooperating States
To place and operate the spacecraft in a lunar orbit
To acquire images of the Moon from a stable lunar orbit and transmit them back to Earth for education outreach purposes
To perform new measurements relevant to advanced technology demonstration, lunar science and exploration
The educational aim of the project was to provide valuable hands-on experience to university students within a real and demanding space project. This is in order to fully prepare a well qualified workforce for ambitious future ESA missions.
Lunar transfer
The spacecraft of approximately mass and a size of was designed to be launched as a secondary or auxiliary payload into Geostationary transfer orbit (GTO) in 2014/2015. From there, the spacecraft would use its on-board propulsion to travel to lunar orbit via a weak stability boundary transfer. This travel via the Sun-Earth L1 Lagrange point would take three months, but it requires much less propellant than a direct transfer (see Low energy transfer and Interplanetary Transport Network). ESMO is intended to be operated in lunar orbit for six months.
Payloads
Payloads that were considered for the orbiter included:
Narrow Angle Camera (outreach payload): to take images of the lunar surface. High school students will be able to propose a lunar site to be imaged.
LunaNet (technology demonstration payload): internet-like network at the Moon for communication between future spacecraft in lunar orbit, landers, rovers and ground stations on the Earth. The LunaNet experiment will test the associated communication protocols for the Lunar Internet.
Radiation Monitor (scientific payload): a compact and low power radiation monitor which can provide inputs for Space environment models.
Radar (scientific payload): to provide radar observations of the Moon (radar observations from Earth are limited to the Earth-facing side of the Moon).
Microwave Radiometric Sounder (scientific payload): a passive Microwave radiometer to measure thermal and dielectric properties of the lunar regolith.
Technical facts
The table below provides an overview of the spacecraft platform and the ground segment.
Current teams
Twenty-one teams from 19 European universities in ESA member states and cooperating states were part of the project.
Led by ESA's Education Office at ESTEC, the project successfully completed a Phase A feasibility study and continued with the preliminary design during phase B. So far, more than 200 students have been involved in phases A and B of the ESMO project. Since November 2009, SSTL coordinate and supervise the work of the students, providing system-level and specialist technical support. Regular workshops at ESTEC and ESOC as well as internships at SSTL were organized to support the student teams in their ESMO related activities and provide training / knowledge transfer. Additionally, facilities at SSTL will be utilized for spacecraft assembly, integration and testing. As a major milestone during phase B, the System Requirements Review (SRR) for ESMO was performed in 2010. At SRR, the system requirements and system design were finalised. Part of the SRR also selected the university teams to participate in the following phases of the project. After passing a preliminary design review in March 2012, the program was ended as a result of budget constraints in April 2012. ESMO was to have been the fourth mission within ESA's Education Satellite Programme following SSETI Express, YES2 and the European Student Earth Orbiter (ESEO).
References
External links
ESMO Homepage of the ESA Education Office
SSTL Homepage - Lunar and Interplanetary Projects
Cancelled spacecraft
Space organizations
Dobromierzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Werbkowice, west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Dobromierzyce
Solmetric Corporation, based in Sebastopol, California, is a manufacturer of solar test and measurement equipment and developer of solar design software. It was founded in 2005 and is best known for its shade measurement tool, the SunEye, and its I-V curve tracer, the PV Analyzer. The award-winning SunEye shade tool is used primarily by residential solar installers. It tells the user when and where shadows will fall so that solar modules can be placed to maximize energy harvest. The PV Analyzer is an I-V curve tracer. It is used for commissioning and troubleshooting commercial and utility scale PV systems.
History
Solmetric was founded by Willard MacDonald, Robert MacDonald, and Mark Galli in 2005. The company was to produce a device to predict and analyze the shade at a potential solar installation site.
Solmetric became a certified B Corporation in 2009. In 2013., The firm was one of the 63 B Corporations listed as Best for The World Environmental Impact Honorees. In January 2014 the firm was acquired by residential installer and solar financier, Vivint Solar for $12 million. In August 2021 after Vivint Solar was acquired by SunRun, two of the original founders purchased Solmetric back from Vivint Solar, and it is now run independently again.
Products
The SunEye-100 was introduced at SolFest in Hopland, California in 2006, to replace the Solar Pathfinder as a device previously used to measure shade . Shade measurements became a particularly important when the California Solar Initiative program began requiring shade measurements in 2006 and solar companies began providing third party financing of solar systems. The product received the 2007 Top 10 Green Building Products of the Year award from US based Building Green, the 2nd place Innovation Award at the 2008 European PV Solar Energy Tradeshow in Staffelstein Germany, and the 2009 Trophy of Innovation from Salon des énergies renouvelables at Eurexpo in Lyon, France. By 2010 it was the primary tool used by residential solar companies for surveying shade. A subsequent version, the SunEye-210 added a fisheye camera, digital compass, digital inclinometer, and GPS. It captures an image of the sky including the horizon, superimposes the sunpaths on top of the image, and calculates the solar access for that location.
The PV Designer layout and simulation software product was first introduced in 2009 at Solar Power International. The software enables the user to layout PV modules on a roof virtually and simulate the energy production. The PV Analyzer I-V curve tracer (“PVA-600”) was introduced in 2010 and could measure strings up to 600 volts and 20 amps. The PVA-1000, introduced in 2013, added 1000 volts, 30 amp capability as well as the SolSensor wireless PV reference which measures the irradiance and module temperature. And, in 2019 the PVA-1500 family was introduced with a 1500 volt rating and WiFi based connectivity. The PVA simultaneously measures the irradiance and module temperature with the SolSensor Wireless PV Reference Sensor. It is used primarily for commissioning and troubleshooting PV systems .
References
External links
Manufacturing companies based in California
American companies established in 2005
Companies based in Sonoma County, California
By the 10th century, Christianity had spread throughout much of Europe and Asia. The Church in England was becoming well established, with its scholarly monasteries, and the Roman Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church were continuing their separation, ultimately culminating in the Great Schism.
Pre-scholastic theology
With the division and decline of the Carolingian Empire, notable theological activity was preserved in some of the cathedral schools that had begun to rise to prominence under it. Intellectual influences from the Arabic world (including works of classical authors preserved by Islamic scholars) percolated into the Christian West via Spain, influencing such theologians as Gerbert of Aurillac, who went on to become Pope Sylvester II and mentor to Otto III. (Otto was the fourth ruler of the Germanic Ottonian Holy Roman Empire, which succeeded the Carolingian Empire.)
Monasticism
Monastic reform movement
From the 6th century onward most of the monasteries in the West were of the Benedictine Order. Owing to the stricter adherence to a reformed Benedictine Rule, the abbey of Cluny in France became the acknowledged leader of western monasticism from the later 10th century. A sequence of highly competent abbots of Cluny were statesmen on an international level. The monastery of Cluny itself became the grandest, most prestigious and best endowed monastic institution in Europe. Cluny created a large federated order in which the administrators of subsidiary houses served as deputies of the abbot of Cluny and answered to him. Free of lay and episcopal interference, responsible only to the papacy, the Cluniac spirit was a revitalising influence on the Norman church. The height of Cluniac influence was from the second half of the 10th century through the early 12th.
The Cluniac reform of monasteries that began in 910 placed abbots under the direct control of the pope rather than the secular control of feudal lords, thus eliminating a major source of corruption. This sparked a great monastic renewal. Monasteries, convents and cathedrals still operated virtually all schools and libraries and often functioned as credit establishments promoting economic growth.
Monastic contributions to western society included the teaching of metallurgy, the introduction of new crops, the invention of musical notation and the creation and preservation of literature.
First Patriarchate of Bulgarian Church
Following two decisive victories over the Byzantines at Acheloos (near the present-day city of Pomorie) and Katasyrtai (near Constantinople), Bulgaria declared the autonomous Bulgarian Archbishopric as autocephalous and elevated it to the rank of Patriarchate at an ecclesiastical and national council held in 919. After Bulgaria and the Byzantine Empire signed a peace treaty in 927 that concluded the 20-year-long war between them, the Patriarchate of Constantinople recognised the autocephalous status of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church and acknowledged its patriarchal dignity.
The Bulgarian Patriarchate was the first autocephalous Slavic Orthodox Church, preceding the autocephaly of the Serbian Orthodox Church (1219) by 300 years and of the Russian Orthodox Church (1596) by some 600 years. It was the sixth Patriarchate after the Pentarchy patriarchates of Rome, Constantinople, Alexandria, Antioch and Jerusalem. The seat of the Patriarchate was the new Bulgarian capital of Preslav.
On April 5, 972, Byzantine Emperor John I Tzimisces conquered and burned down Preslav, and captured Bulgarian Tsar Boris II. Patriarch Damyan managed to escape, initially to Sredetz (Sofia) in western Bulgaria. In the coming years, the residence of the Bulgarian patriarchs remained closely connected to the developments in the war between the next Bulgarian royal dynasty, the Comitopuli, and the Byzantine Empire. Patriarch German resided consecutively in the medieval Bulgarian cities of Maglen (Almopia) and Voden (Edessa) (both in present-day north-western Greece), and Prespa (in present-day southern North Macedonia). Around 990, the next patriarch, Philip, moved to Ohrid (in present-day south-western North Macedonia), which became the permanent seat of the Patriarchate.
Spread of Christianity
Poland
The "Baptism of Poland" () in 966 refers to the baptism of Mieszko I, the first ruler of a united Polish state. Their baptism was followed by the building of churches and the establishment of an ecclesiastical hierarchy. Mieszko saw baptism as a way of strengthening their hold on power, with the active support they could expect from the bishops, as well as a unifying force for the Polish people. Mieszko's action proved highly successful; by the 13th century, Roman Catholicism had become the dominant religion in Poland.
Hungary
In the Middle Ages, the Kingdom of Hungary (which was larger than modern day Hungary) was Christianized between 970 and 1038. Initially the Byzantine Christianity had a significant influence on the Hungarians, but the decisive steps towards the adoption of the new faith were taken by Géza, the head of the Hungarian tribal federation (c. 972–997) who supported Western missionaries. The reception of Christianity was enforced by legislation in the reign of Géza's son, Stephen I (997–1038).
Stephen promulgated Roman Catholicism as the state religion, and their successors were traditionally known as the Apostolic Kings. The Catholic Church in Hungary remained strong through the centuries, and the Archbishop of Esztergom was granted extraordinary temporal privileges as prince-primate (hercegprímás) of Hungary.
Kievan Rus'
The success of the conversion of the Bulgarians facilitated the conversion of other East Slavic peoples, most notably the Rus', predecessors of Belarusians, Russians, and Ukrainians.
After the First Bulgarian Empire was converted to Christianity, it started a massive missionary expansion north and east. As a result, it was able to convert and help convert many East Slavic peoples and introduce to them Bulgarian books and Church literature in Bulgarian, most notably the Rus' (Ruthenians), predecessors of Belarusians, Russians, and Ukrainians/Rusyns. By the beginning of the 11th century most of the pagan Slavic world, including Ukraine, Russia, Bulgaria and Serbia, had been converted to Christianity.
Between the 8th and the 13th century the area was settled by the Kievan Rus'. An attempt to Christianize them had already been made in the 9th century, with the Christianization of the Rus' Khaganate. The efforts were finally successful in the 10th century, when about 980 Vladimir the Great was baptized at Chersonesos. They were also married to the Byzantine princess Anna Porphyrogeneta, the sister of the Byzantine Emperor Basil II. In 988, the Christian Church in Rus' territorially fell under the jurisdiction of the Ecumenical Patriarchate of Constantinople after it was officially adopted as the state religion. The Christianisation of Kievan Rus' firmly allied it with the Byzantine Empire. The Greek learning and book culture was adopted in Kiev and other centres of the country. Churches started to be built on the Byzantine model.
Timeline
See also
History of Christianity
History of the Catholic Church
History of the Eastern Orthodox Church
History of Christian theology
History of Oriental Orthodoxy
Christianization
Timeline of Christianity
Timeline of Christian missions
Timeline of the Catholic Church
Chronological list of saints in the 10th century
Notes and references
Further reading
Lawrence, C. H. Medieval Monasticism. 3rd ed. Harlow: Pearson Education, 2001.
Fletcher, Richard, The Conversion of Europe. From Paganism to Christianity 371-1386 AD. London 1997.
Padberg, Lutz v., (1998): Die Christianisierung Europas im Mittelalter, Stuttgart, Reclam (German)
External links
Schaff's ''The Seven Ecumenical Councils
10
10
Juwann Bushell-Beatty (born June 18, 1996) is a professional American football offensive tackle for the Tampa Bay Bandits of the United States Football League (USFL). They played college football at Michigan and for the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
College career
Bushell-Beatty played college football for the Michigan Wolverines football team from 2014 to 2018. During their first-year student season in 2014 they did not see any action. During their sophomore season in 2015 they played in four games as a reserve offensive lineman. During their junior season in 2016 they appeared in eight games including one start at left tackle. During their senior season in 2017 they appeared in 12 games, including seven starts at right tackle. During their fifth-year senior season in 2018 they started 11 games at right tackle, and earned All-Big Ten honorable mention by both the coaches and media.
Professional career
After going undrafted in the 2019 NFL Draft, they signed with Washington Redskins as an undrafted free agent on April 30, 2019. They were waived by the Redskins on May 28, 2019. On August 7, 2019, they were signed by the Dallas Cowboys. They were waived by the Cowboys on August 31, 2019.
Bushell-Beatty was drafted 67th overall by the St. Louis BattleHawks in the 2020 XFL Draft. On January 21, 2020, they were traded to the Houston Roughnecks, along with Charles James, in exchange for Robert Nelson. They had their contract terminated when the league suspended operations on April 10, 2020.
On May 1, 2020, they signed with the Carolina Panthers. They were waived by the Panthers on July 31, 2020.
On March 3, 2021, they signed with the Ottawa Redblacks of the Canadian Football League (CFL).
On February 22, 2022, they were drafted 58th overall by the Tampa Bay Bandits in the 2022 USFL Draft. They were transferred to the team's inactive roster on May 6, 2022, with an illness. They were moved back to the active roster on May 11.
References
External links
Ottawa Redblacks bio
1996 births
Living people
American football offensive linemen
American players of Canadian football
Canadian football offensive linemen
Houston Roughnecks players
Michigan Wolverines football players
Ottawa Redblacks players
Paramus Catholic High School alumni
People from Paramus, New Jersey
Players of American football from New Jersey
Sportspeople from Bergen County, New Jersey
Tampa Bay Bandits (2022) players
Vodun (meaning spirit in the Fon, Gun and Ewe languages, with a nasal high-tone u; also spelled Vodon, Vodoun, Vodou, Vudu, Voudou, Voodoo, etc.) is a religion practiced by the Aja, Ewe, and Fon peoples of Benin, Togo, Ghana, and Nigeria.
Elements of the West African religion survived slavery and evolved into the current forms of religions with similar names that are found in the New World among the African diaspora in the Americas, such as Haitian Vodou; Louisiana Voodoo; Cuban Vodú; Dominican Vudú, Venezuelan Yuyu, and Brazilian Vodum (Candomblé Jejé and Tambor de Mina).
Theology and practice
Vodun cosmology centers around the vodun spirits and other elements of divine essence that govern the Earth, a hierarchy that range in power from major deities governing the forces of nature and human society to the spirits of individual streams, trees, and rocks, as well as dozens of ethnic vodun, defenders of a certain clan, tribe, or nation. The vodun are the center of religious life. Perceived similarities with Roman Catholic doctrines such as the intercession of saints and angels allowed Vodun to appear compatible with Catholicism, and helped produce syncretic religions such as Haitian Vodou. Adherents also emphasize ancestor worship and hold that the spirits of the dead live side by side with the world of the living, each family of spirits having its own female priesthood, sometimes hereditary when it is from mother to blood daughter. There is also an underlying philosophical framing underpinning Vodun which, according to Suzanne Preston Blier, who undertook a year of research in 1985-86 in Abomey and the nearby area, highlights the importance of remaining calm in contexts of difficulty and in life more generally. According to Suzanne Preston Blier,
Vodun means, “the idea of staying close to a water source, to not rush through life, to take time to attain tranquility.” Them interpretation stems from two area diviners who maintain that its origins lie in the phrase “rest to draw the water,” from the Fon verbs vo “to rest,” and dun “to draw water,” suggesting “the need for one to be calm and composed” in the face of adversity.
Patterns of Vodun worship follow various dialects, spirits, practices, songs, and rituals. The divine Creator, called variously Mawu or Mahu, is a female being.  They are an elder woman, and usually a mother who is gentle and forgiving.  They are also seen as the god who owns all other gods and even if there is no temple made in their name, the people continue to pray to her, especially in times of distress. In one tradition, they bore seven children. Sakpata: Vodun of the Earth, Xêvioso (or Xêbioso): Vodun of Thunder, also associated with Divine Justice, Agbe: Vodun of the Sea, Gû: Vodun of Iron and War, Agê: Vodun of Agriculture and Forests, Jo: Vodun of Air, and Lêgba: Vodun of the Unpredictable.
The Creator embodies a dual cosmogonic principle of which Mawu the moon and Lisa the sun are respectively the female and male aspects, often portrayed as the twin children of the Creator. Lisa is the sun god who brings the day and the heat, and also strength and energy. Mawu, the moon goddess, provides the cool of the night, peace, fertility, and rain. To give this in a summed aspect, a proverb says ‘When Lisa punishes Mawu forgives.
Legba is often represented as a phallus or as a man with a prominent phallus. Known as the youngest son of Mawu, they are the chief of all Vodun divinities; in their Diasporic portrayal, Legba is believed to be a very old man who walks on crutches. Being old they are seen as wise, but when seen as a child they are one who is rebellious. It is only through contact with Legba that it becomes possible to contact the other gods, for they are the guardian at the door of the spirits. Dan, who is Mawu's androgynous son, is represented as a rainbow serpent, and was to remain with them and act as a go-between with their other creations. As the mediator between the spirits and the living, Dan maintains balance, order, peace and communication.
Other popular loa, or spiritual entities, include Azaka who rules over agriculture, Erzuli has domain over love, and Ogoun who is in charge of war, defense and who stands on guard.
All creation is considered divine and therefore contains the power of the divine. This is how medicines such as herbal remedies are understood, and explains the ubiquitous use of mundane objects in religious ritual. Vodun talismans, called "fetishes", are objects such as statues or dried animal or human parts that are sold for their healing and spiritually rejuvenating properties. Specifically, they are objects inhabited by spirits. The entities that inhabit a fetish are able to perform different tasks according to their stage of development. Fetish objects are often combined in the construction of "shrines", used to call forth specific vodun and their associated powers.
Who performs the Voodoo
Voodoo is performed by priests or healers. Male priests are called Houngan and female practitioners are called Mambo. Voodoo is performed with some instruments such as herbs, crystals, and crystals candles.
Priestess
The Queen Mother is the first daughter of a matriarchal lineage of a family collective. They hold the right to lead the ceremonies incumbent to the clan: marriages, baptisms and funerals.  They are one of the most important members of community. They will lead the women of a village when their family collective is the ruling one. They take part in the organisation and the running of markets and are also responsible for their upkeep. This is vitally important because marketplaces are the focal points for gatherings and social centres in their communities. In the past when the men of the villages would go to war, the Queen Mothers would lead prayer ceremonies in which all the women attended every morning to ensure the safe return of their menfolk.
The high priestess is the woman chosen by the oracle to care for the convent. Priestesses, like priests, receive a calling from an oracle, which may come at any moment during their lives. They will then join their clan's convent to pursue spiritual instruction. It is also an oracle that will designate the future high priest and high priestess among the new recruits, establishing an order of succession within the convent. Only blood relatives were allowed in the family convent; strangers are forbidden.
In modern days, however, some family members to enter what is described as the first circle of worship. Strangers are allowed to worship only the spirits of the standard pantheon.
West African Vodún cult and Christian Liturgy
At the 10th Jubilee Conference of Junior Theologians and Doctorals Students that took place on 28 February – 1 March 2020 in Eger Hungary Adechina Samson Takpe gave a lecture on the topic "West African Vodún Cult and Christian Liturgy. Comparison in a Christian perspective". According to him:
Demographics
About 17% of the population of Benin, some 1.6 million people, follow Vodun. (This does not count other traditional religions in Benin.) In addition, many of the 41.5% of the population that refer to themselves as "Christian" practice a syncretized religion, not dissimilar from Haitian Vodou or Brazilian Candomblé; indeed, many of them are descended from freed Brazilian slaves who settled on the coast near Ouidah.
In Togo, about half the population practices indigenous religions, of which Vodun is by far the largest, with some 2.5 million followers; there may be another million Vodunists among the Ewe of Ghana, as a 13% of the total Ghana population of 20 million are Ewe and 38% of Ghanaians practice traditional religion. According to census data, about 14 million people practice traditional religion in Nigeria, most of whom are Yoruba practicing Ifá, but no specific breakdown is available.
European colonialism, followed by some of the totalitarian regimes in West Africa, have tried to suppress Vodun as well as other traditional religions. However, because the Vodou deities are born to each clan, tribe, and nation, and their clergy are central to maintaining the moral, social and political order and ancestral foundation of its village, these efforts have not been successful. Recently there have been moves to restore the place of Voodoo in national society, such as an annual International Vodun Conference that has been held in the city of Ouidah, Benin since 1991.
Art
Gallery
See also
African-American religion
Akan religion
Candomble jeje
Dahomean religion
Haitian mythology
Haitian Vodou art
Hoodoo
Juju
Louisiana Voodoo
Odinani
Tambor de Mina
Vodun art
West African mythology
Witch doctor
Yoruba religion
Theistic Satanism
Witchcraft
References
Further reading
Ajayi, J.F. and Espie, I. "A Thousand Years of West African History" (Ibadan: Ibadan University Press, 1967).
Akyea, O.E. "Ewe." New York: (The Rosen Group, 1988).
Ayivi Gam l . Togo Destination. High Commissioner for Tourism. Republic of Togo, 1982.
Bastide. R. African Civilizations in the New World. New York: Harper Torchbooks, 1971.
Decalo, Samuel. "Historical Dictionary of Dahomey" (Metuchen, N.J: The Scarecrow Press, 1976).
Deren, Maya. "Divine Horsemen: The Living Gods of Haiti." (London: Thames and Hudson, 1953).
"Demoniacal Possession in Angola, Africa". Journal of American Folk-lore. Vol VI., 1893. No. XXIII.
Ellis, A.B. "Ewe-Speaking Peoples of the Slave Coast of West Africa" (Chicago: Benin Press, 1965).
Fontenot, Wonda. L. "Secret Doctors: Enthnomedicine of African Americans" (Westport: Bergin & Garvey, 1994).
Hazoum ‚ P. "Doguicimi. The First Dahomean Novel" (Washington, DC: Three Continents Press, 1990).
Herskovits, M.J. and Hersovits, F.S. Dahomey: An Ancient West African Kingdom. Evanston, IL: Northwestern University,
Hindrew, Vivian M.Ed., Mami Wata: African's Ancient God/dess Unveiled. Reclaiming the Ancient Vodoun heritage of the Diaspora. Martinez, GA: MWHS.
Hindrew, Vivian M.Ed., Vodoun: Why African-Americans Fear Their Cosmogentic Paths to God. Martinez, GA. MWHS:
Herskovits, M.J. and Hersovits, F.S. "An Outline of Dahomean Religious Belief" (Wisconsin: The American Anthropological Association, 1933).
Hurston, Zora Neale. "Tell My Horse: Voodoo And Life In Haiti And Jamaica." Harper Perennial reprint edition, 1990.
Hyatt M. H. "Hoodoo-Conjuration-Witchcraft-Rootwork" (Illinois: Alama Egan Hyatt Foundation, 1973), Vols. I-V.
Journal of African History. 36. (1995) pp. 391–417.Concerning Negro Sorcery in the United States;
Language Guide (Ewe version). Accra: Bureau of Ghana Languages,
Maupoil, Bernard. "La Geomancie L'ancienne des Esclaves" (Paris: L'université de Paris, 1943).
Metraux, Alfred. "Voodoo In Haiti." (Pantheon reprint edition, 1989)
Newbell, Pucket. N. "Folk Beliefs of the Southern Negro". S.C.: Chapel Hill, 1922.
Newell, William, W. "Reports of Voodoo Worship in Hayti and Louisiana," Journal of American Folk-lore, 41–47, 1888. p. 41-47.
Barreiro, Daniel, Garcia, Diego. "Nuit: una vision de la continuidad ancestral (spanish edition)". Montevideo, Uruguay, 2014
Pliya, J. "Histoire Dahomey Afrique Occidental" (Moulineaux: France, 1970).
Slave Society on the Southern Plantation''. The Journal of Negro History. Vol. VII-January, 1922-No.1.
External links
Traditional Religion in Africa:The Vodun Phenomenon in Benin
Vodou-related Rara festivals in Haiti and New York
Voodoo and West Africa's Spiritual Life
Vodun in Africa
Spanish police pull pin on voodoo sex slave ring The Local, 2013
For those who fight sex-trafficking, dark rituals compound the problem The Economist, 2018
Kingdom of Dahomey
Religion in Benin
Religion in Ghana
Religion in Nigeria
Religion in Togo
NGC 1189 is a barred spiral galaxy approximately 105 million light-years away from Earth in the constellation of Eridanus. It was discovered by American astronomer Francis Leavenworth on December 2, 1885 with the 26" refractor at Leander McCormick Observatory.
NGC 1189 has extended clumpy star formation throughout its spiral arms with remarkably little associated stellar light, which is striking in the color images.
Together with NGC 1190, NGC 1191, NGC 1192 and NGC 1199 it forms Hickson Compact Group 22 (HCG 22) galaxy group. Although they are considered members of this group, NGC 1191 and NGC 1192 are in fact background objects, since they are much further away compared to the other members of this group.
Image gallery
See also
Barred spiral galaxy
Hickson Compact Group
List of NGC objects (1001–2000)
Eridanus (constellation)
References
External links
SEDS
Barred spiral galaxies
Eridanus (constellation)
1189
11503
Hickson Compact Groups
Astronomical objects discovered in 1885
Discoveries by Francis Leavenworth
The 1981 season was the Oakland Raiders' 22nd since they were founded, their 12th in the National Football League and their third under head coach Tom Flores. The team failed to improve on their 11–5 record from 1980, and the Raiders went 7–9 and became the fourth team in NFL history to enter a season as the defending Super Bowl champions and miss the playoffs. The 1981 Raiders set an NFL record by being shut out three consecutive times. The passing game fell off badly, being 26th and throwing 28 interceptions. After the defense led the NFL in interceptions and takeaways in 1980, they were dead last in 1981 and were –16 in turnover differential. It was also their last season in Oakland until 1995 and their losing record snapped a streak of 16 consecutive winning seasons. This was the only season from 1965 to 1986 where the Raiders finished with a losing record.
Offseason
NFL Draft
Roster
Regular season
Schedule
Game summaries
Week 1
Week 2
Week 3
Standings
References
Oakland Raiders seasons
Oakland
Oakland
The Rt. Rev.Kenneth George Thompson (died 1975) was a bishop in the Church of England.
Education
Career
From 1940 to 1944 they were a Chaplain to the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve and Vicar of Kneesal and Ossington in Nottinghamshire. From 1944 to 1965 they were vicar of St Mary Magdelene, Hucknall. From 1954 they were a Canon of Southwell Minster. In 1962 they were appointed Archdeacon of Newark and a Chaplain to Them Majesty the Queen.
In 1965 they were appointed Bishop of Sherwood.
Family
Sources
The Times 4 August 1965
Year of birth missing
1975 deaths
20th-century Church of England bishops
Archdeacons of Newark
Bishops of Sherwood
Alumni of Lincoln Theological College
Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve personnel of World War II
Royal Navy chaplains
World War II chaplains
Sandviken is a locality and the seat of Sandviken Municipality in Gävleborg County, Sweden with 39,234 inhabitants in 2019. It is situated about 25 km west of Gävle and lies approximately 190 km north of Stockholm. The rail journey to Stockholm takes about 2 hours and to Arlanda, Sweden's main international airport, no more than 1.5 hours.
Sandviken is the home town of the major high-technology Swedish engineering concern Sandvik and the main office of the company was located in Sandviken until January 2012 when it was moved to Stockholm.
Culture and recreation
Sandviken is home to a number of cultural activities: Kulturskolan means "the culture school" (extramural music, dance and drama training), Sandviken Big Band, Sandviken Symphonic Orchestra and many musicians in the region. Sandvikens Art Gallery shows throughout the year various interesting exhibitions. Amongst the many popular tourist attractions in the municipality, the following merit special mention: the attractive old, carefully restored industrial villages in Gysinge and Högbo Bruk with their forges and smithies, handicraft, manor houses and possibilities they offer for outdoor recreation. During the winter months the downhill skiing facilities and the Snowpark at Kungsberget attract many visitors.
Sports
Sandvikens AIK have become Swedish bandy champions several times. From the season 2009-10, they play indoors in Göransson Arena. This arena was the Division A venue for the 2017 Bandy World Championship. Sandviken also hosts the World Cup, in which the home team in 2017 won for the first time on home ice (and the first time at all ever since 2002).
Football clubs located in Sandviken are Sandvikens IF who play in Division 1 Norra and Sandvikens AIK FK who play in Division 3 Södra Norrland. Their Jernvallen stadium was a venue of the 1958 FIFA World Cup, making Sandviken the northernmost city to host the tournament.
Sandviken is the birthplace of footballer Kim Källström.
Transportation
Sandviken lies on the southern side of the intersection of Route 68/80 and Route 272 "Högbovägen." The city extends to the south along Route 272 until they meet Storsjön, where the road creates a causeway across the lake. Sandviken airport, although closer to the town of Valbo, serves the air travel needs for Sandviken, as well nearby Gävle.
References
Municipal seats of Gävleborg County
Swedish municipal seats
Populated places in Sandviken Municipality
Gästrikland
In coding theory, alternant codes form a class of parameterised error-correcting codes which generalise the BCH codes.
Definition
An alternant code over GF(q) of length n is defined by a parity check matrix H of alternant form Hi,j = αjiyi, where the αj are distinct elements of the extension GF(qm), the yi are further non-zero parameters again in the extension GF(qm) and the indices range as i from 0 to δ − 1, j from 1 to n.
Properties
The parameters of this alternant code are length n, dimension ≥ n − mδ and minimum distance ≥ δ + 1.
There exist long alternant codes which meet the Gilbert–Varshamov bound.
The class of alternant codes includes
BCH codes
Goppa codes
Srivastava codes
References
Error detection and correction
Finite fields
Coding theory
KLGU (90.3 FM) is a radio station located in Saint George, Utah, and is a part of the K-Love network. The station broadcasts a Contemporary Christian music format, broadcasting with a 2,000-watt transmitter. The station services southwest Utah, western Arizona and adjoining areas of Clark County and Lincoln County, Nevada.
History
The station was assigned the call letters KZBS on 2004-03-29. On 2005-07-01, the station changed its call sign to KSGU. On November 1, 2005, KSGU became the sixth station in the Nevada Public Radio family, simulcasting KNPR in Las Vegas.
In April 2020, Nevada Public Radio sold KSGU to the Educational Media Foundation for $382,000; EMF's lone presence in the city was a translator prior to the sale. The call letters were changed to KLGU on June 11, 2020, coincident with the consummation of the sale, and the station began broadcasting K-Love, which had previously aired on the translator. Public radio service continued to St. George through repeaters for KUER-FM and Utah Public Radio.
References
External links
K-Love radio stations
LGU (FM)
Radio stations established in 2006
2006 establishments in Utah
Educational Media Foundation radio stations
LGU (FM)
McLean County is the largest county by land area in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2010 census, it had a population of 169,572. Its county seat is Bloomington. McLean County is included in the Bloomington–Normal, IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Pronunciation
Locally, the second syllable of McLean is pronounced with a 'long a' (ā, IPA /ei/) sound (i.e. "muh-KLAIN") (as with native son McLean Stevenson), not with a 'long e' (ē, IPA /i/) sound ("muh-KLEEN").
History
McLean County was formed late in 1830 out of Tazewell County. It was named for John McLean, United States Senator for Illinois, who died in 1830.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. It is the largest county in Illinois by land area and third-largest by total area. McLean County is actually larger than the land area of Rhode Island (1045 sq mi).
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Bloomington have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in May.
Adjacent counties
Woodford County - northwest
Livingston County - northeast
Ford County - east
Champaign County - southeast
Piatt County - south
DeWitt County - south
Logan County - southwest
Tazewell County - west
Major highways
Interstate 39
Interstate 55
Interstate 74
U.S. Highway 24
U.S. Highway 51
U.S. Highway 66
U.S. Highway 136
U.S. Highway 150
Illinois Route 9
Illinois Route 54
Illinois Route 122
Illinois Route 165
Illinois Route 251
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 169,572 people, 65,104 households, and 40,124 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 69,656 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 84.3% white, 7.3% black or African American, 4.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.5% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 31.2% were German, 15.4% were Irish, 11.4% were American, and 11.0% were English.
Of the 65,104 households, 31.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.5% were married couples living together, 9.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 38.4% were non-families, and 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.44 and the average family size was 3.02. The median age was 32.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $57,642 and the median income for a family was $77,093. Males had a median income of $52,271 versus $39,685 for females. The per capita income for the county was $28,167. About 6.2% of families and 12.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.4% of those under age 18 and 5.5% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Bloomington (seat)
Chenoa
El Paso
Le Roy
Lexington
Town
Normal
Villages
Anchor
Arrowsmith
Bellflower
Carlock
Colfax
Cooksville
Danvers
Downs
Ellsworth
Gridley
Heyworth
Hudson
McLean
Saybrook
Stanford
Towanda
Census-designated place
Twin Grove
Other unincorporated communities
Barnes
Bentown
Bloomington Heights
Covell
Cropsey
Fletcher
Funks Grove
Gillum
Hendrix
Holder
Kerrick
Laurette
Lytleville
Meadows
Merna
Padua
Randolph
Sabina
Shirley
Watkins
Weedman
Weston
Yuton
Townships
McLean County is divided into these townships:
Allin
Anchor
Arrowsmith
Bellflower
Bloomington
Bloomington City
Blue Mound
Cheney's Grove
Chenoa
Cropsey
Dale
Danvers
Dawson
Downs
Dry Grove
Empire
Funk's Grove
Gridley
Hudson
Lawndale
Lexington
Martin
Money Creek
Mount Hope
Normal
Old Town
Randolph
Towanda
West
White Oak
Yates
Ghost towns
Allin
Benjaminville
Kumler
Government
McLean County has a twenty-member board representing ten districts within the county. Each district elects two members. Districts 1-3 encompass all of the county outside of Bloomington and Normal. Districts 4-6 are within the town limits of Normal, and districts 7-10 are within Bloomington city limits.
Politics
Like most of central Illinois, McLean County is historically Republican-leaning. The only Democrats to gain an absolute majority of the county's vote since the Civil War have been Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and 1936, Lyndon Johnson by a mere 1.2% in 1964, and Joe Biden in 2020. Illinois resident Barack Obama in 2008 and Woodrow Wilson in 1912 both carried the county by narrow pluralities.
The county has not swung as heavily to the Democrats as other counties dominated by college towns. In recent years, however, McLean has trended sufficiently Democratic that Hillary Clinton in 2016 lost the county by just 1.3 percent, while Biden won the county in 2020 with a narrow majority.
McLean County is one of only thirteen counties to have voted for Obama in 2008, Romney in 2012, Trump in 2016, and Biden in 2020.
Education
Here is a list of school districts (all fully K-12) with territory in the county, no matter how slight, even if the district's schools and/or administrative offices are not in the county:
Blue Ridge Community Unit School District 18
Bloomington School District 87
El Paso-Gridley Community Unit School District 11
Gibson City-Melvin-Sibley Community Unit School District 5
Heyworth Community Unit School District 4
Le Roy Community Unit School District 2
Lexington Community Unit School District 7
McLean County Unit School District 5
Olympia Community Unit School District 16
Prairie Central Community Unit School District 8
Ridgeview Community Unit School District 19
Tri-Valley Community Unit School District 3
Illinois State University is in the county.
Notable persons
George J. Mecherle, founder of State Farm
Adlai Stevenson II, Governor of Illinois (1949–53), two-time Democratic nominee for the U.S. presidency, and Ambassador to the United Nations (1961–65)
Pokey LaFarge, musician and songwriter
Bonnie Lou, recording artist and television celebrity
William H. Rowe, farmer, business person, and politician
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in McLean County, Illinois
Notes
References
External links
McLean County Government Web Site
McLean County Divorce
Map of McLean Co., showing political subdivisions
Illinois counties
1830 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1830
Eight ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS Newcastle, after the English city of Newcastle upon Tyne:
was a 50-gun fourth-rate ship launched in 1653. They were rebuilt in 1692 and wrecked in 1703.
was a 54-gun fourth rate launched in 1704, rebuilt in 1733 and broken up in 1746.
was a 50-gun fourth rate launched in 1750. They foundered in a storm in 1761.
was a 60-gun fourth rate launched 1813. They were converted to harbour service in 1824 and was sold in 1850.
was a screw frigate launched in 1860. They were converted into a powder hulk in 1889 and was sold in 1929.
was a light cruiser launched in 1909 and sold in 1921, being broken up in 1923.
was a light cruiser launched in 1937. They were laid down as HMS Minotaur, but was renamed in 1936. They were broken up in 1958.
was a Type 42 (Batch 1) destroyer launched in 1975 and decommissioned in 2005 and placed into inactive reserve. They were sold for scrap in 2008.
will be a Type 26 frigate.
Battle honours
Porto Farina 1655
Santa Cruz 1657
Lowestoft 1665
Orfordness 1666
Schooneveld 1673
Texel 1673
Marbella 1705
Sadras 1758
Negapatam 1758
Porto Novo 1759
Spartivento 1940
Burma 1944–1945
Korea 1952–1953
Motto
"Fortitudino Vinco" - (I conquer through strength)
See also
, an frigate of the Royal Australian Navy launched in 1992 and decommissioned on 30 June 2019.
Royal Navy ship names
Kadaknath, also called Kali Masi ("fowl having black flesh"), is an Indian breed of chicken. They originated from Dhar and Jhabua, Madhya Pradesh. These birds are mostly bred by the rural and tribals. There are three varieties: jet black, golden and pencilled. The meat from this breed has a geographical indication (GI Tag) tag that was approved by the Indian government on 30 July 2018.
Breed
The Kadaknath is popular for its adaptability and its grey-black meat, which is believed to infuse vigour. Its colour is caused by melanin. The breed is considered to have originated from the Kathiwar Alirajapur jungles in Jhabua district of Madhya Pradesh.
The roosters weigh and the hens . Kadaknath hens' eggs are brown with a slightly pink tint; they are poor setters and rarely hatch their own brood. Eggs weigh an average of .
Colour
Kadaknath birds are grey-black all over and have gold plumage with greenish iridescence. The greyish black colour is present in the legs and toenails, beak, tongue, comb and wattles; even the meat, bones and organs have grey colouration.
Threat of extinction
Due to the relatively high consumption of the breed, its numbers have sharply declined throughout the years. To save the breed from extinction, the state government started a Kadaknath poultry breeding program involving 500 families who are below the poverty line, who were to receive financial support and assistance.
Scams
Because of the limited availability and increased popularity of the breed since the mid-2000s, there have been multiple types of scams in which both poultry farmers and consumers have been swindled.
References
Chicken breeds originating in India
Chicken breeds
Dead Wake: The Last Crossing of the Lusitania is a 2015 New York Times non-fiction bestseller written by author Erik Larson. The book looks at the sinking of Lusitania during World War I and the events surrounding the sinking.
Awards
The book was named Book of the Year in the History Category by World Magazine. It won the Goodreads Choice Award for History & Biography in 2015.
Reception
According to Amazon, Dead Wake was one of the 10 bestselling books of 2015.
References
External links
Book Page on Author's Official Website
The New York Times Book Review
2015 non-fiction books
World War I books
Crown Publishing Group books
Masada: Vav, also known as Masada 6, is a 1995 album by American jazz composer and saxophonist John Zorn released on the Japanese DIW label. It is the sixth album in the Masada project.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Mark Kirschenmann awarded the album 4½ stars stating "John Zorn's writing is particularly focused and well-informed, full of serpentine lines, mixed meters, and sudden shifts in tempo, while leaving plenty of room for collective and individual improvisation. The ensemble and the individual playing are uniformly superb throughout".
Track listing
All compositions by John Zorn
"Debir" – 8:02
"Shebuah" – 8:09
"Mikreh" – 3:57
"Tiferet" – 4:05
"Nevalah" – 2:10
"Miktav" – 9:40
"Nashon" – 8:37
"Avelut" – 7:31
"Beer Sheba" – 8:50
Recorded at Power Station in New York City on July 16 and 17, 1995
Personnel
John Zorn — alto saxophone
Dave Douglas — trumpet
Greg Cohen — bass
Joey Baron — drums
References
1995 albums
Masada (band) albums
DIW Records albums
Dicologlossa is a genus of soles native to the tropical and subtropical eastern Atlantic Ocean.
Species
There are currently two recognized species in this genus:
Dicologlossa cuneata (É. Moreau, 1881) (Wedge sole)
Dicologlossa hexophthalma (E. T. Bennett, 1831) (Ocellated wedge sole)
References
Soleidae
Marine fish genera
Taxa named by Paul Chabanaud
Louis J. Gallagher, SJ (July 22, 1885 – August 1972) was an American Jesuit, known for their educational and literary work.
Biography
Born in Boston, Louis J. Gallagher entered the Society of Jesus on August 15, 1905, was ordained as a priest in 1920, and worked as the principal of Xavier High School in New York City (1921–22).
In the aftermath of the Russian famine of 1921, Gallagher went to Russia as the Assistant Director of Papal Relief Mission, which was headed by Edmund A. Walsh (1922–23), also an American Jesuit and Gallagher's close friend.
Besides providing help to the starving of the Volga, the two Jesuits had a special task, given to them by Pope Pius XI as one of the first things they did as the Pope: to "seek and find" the Holy Relics of their 17th-century colleague, Blessed Andrew Bobola, which had apparently disappeared from Polotsk during or soon after the Russian Civil War or the Soviet-Polish War. In September 1923 the Bolsheviks told the American Jesuits that Bobola's relics had been taken to a medical museum ("Hygiene Exhibition" of the People's Commissariat for Health in Moscow) and allowed them to be taken to the Vatican. Accordingly, on October 3 Walsh and Gallagher securely packed the body (later described by an American journalist as a "remarkably well-preserved mummy") at the museum, and took it to one of Moscow's train stations. Traveling as a diplomatic courier, Gallagher
delivered the Holy Relics to the Vatican right in time for All Saints' Day (November 1) of 1923, by the way of Odessa, Istanbul and Brindisi.
Back in the US, Gallagher served as the Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at Georgetown University (1924–26), Assistant to Provincial of the New England Province of the Society of Jesus (1926–32), and President of Boston College (1932–37).
In April 1938, the same Pius XI who had started their pontificate charging the two Jesuits in Moscow with the task of searching for Bobola's relics, had Bobola canonized, less than a year before their own death. The following year Gallagher published an English translation of the new Saint's biography.
Gallagher also was one of the founders of the Institute of Social Order (1941–43), and served as the archivist of the New England Province of the Society of Jesus, and later (1954–1970) as the historian for the Jesuits of Georgetown University.
When Edmund A. Walsh died in October 1956, Gallagher, described by a modern historian as Walsh's closest friend, wrote an obituary for him, which was published in the Jesuit journal Woodstock Letters in 1957. In 1962, Gallagher published their friend's biography, which remained the only book-length biography of Walsh until 2005.
Literary work
Louis J. Gallagher wrote, or translated into English from Latin and Italian, a number of books, usually connected with the history of the Jesuit Order.
The Test Heritage (1938)
The life of Saint Andrew Bobola of the Society of Jesus, martyr, by Cesare Moreschini; translated by Louis J. Gallagher and Paul Vincent Donovan. B. Humphries, inc. (Boston), 1939.
The China That Was (1942)
China in the Sixteenth Century: The Journals of Matteo Ricci (1942; reprint 1953) - an English translation of Matteo Ricci and Nicolas Trigault's De Christiana expeditione apud Sinas suscepta ab Societate Jesu
Episode on Beacon Hill (1950)
Edmund A. Walsh, S.J., a Biography (1962)
On the screen
It was reported in 2009 that the Polish director Robert Gliński was planning to shoot a movie about Walsh's and Gallagher's adventures in Russia, under the title ("Soul Hunter").
References
1885 births
1972 deaths
19th-century American Jesuits
20th-century American Jesuits
Presidents of Boston College
Boston College faculty
Georgetown University faculty
Latin–English translators
Italian–English translators
20th-century American translators
Niyar or Neyar or Niar or Nayyer or Neyer () may refer to:
Niyar, Ardabil
Niyar, Hamadan
Niyar, Kurdistan
Niyar, South Khorasan
Shafiqur Rahman was a three-star rank Bangladesh Army officer who served as the Chief of General Staff of the Army until their retirement.  They are the former Director General of Special Security Force (SSF), the agency in charge of protecting the Prime Minister of Bangladesh, and also served as Director of Military Operations (DMO) at Army Headquarters.
Early life and education
Shafiqur Rahman was born on 31 December 1962 in Shariatpur District, East Pakistan, Pakistan. They were commissioned in the Infantry Corps of the Bangladesh Army from the 11th BMA Long Course on 21 December 1984. Rahman completed OPCW Advance Course in the Netherlands, Junior Staff Course in Pakistan, Command & General Staff Course in the Philippines, and OPCW Basic Course in Romania. They graduated from the Defence Services Command and Staff College and completed the Army War Course at the National Defence College. They completed a Masters in Defense Studies from National University of Bangladesh. They completed another Masters on War Studies from Bangladesh University of Professionals and received a Chancellor's Award for their masters work.
Career
Rahman has held a number of command positions in the Bangladesh Army. They were Infantry Battalion commander, Infantry Brigade commander of 71 Inf. Bde. of 9th Div. in Savar, and commanded three infantry divisions. They were the GOC of 55 Infantry Division and 19 Infantry Division and 24 Infantry Division. They served as the Director Military Operations (DMO) at Army Headquarters General Staff Branch. They were part of the Bangladesh contingent sent to the United Nations Operation in Somalia I. They served in an infantry division as a Colonel Staff. They served as a Brigade Major. They served as the General Staff Officer (Operation) second class. They were the Private Secretary to the Principal Staff Officer of the Armed Forces Division. They were the General Staff Officer (Operations) of an independent infantry brigade. They were an instructor in the Bangladesh Military Academy and the School of Infantry and Tactics. They were a senior instructor in the Defense Services Command and Staff College. They were Bangladesh's Senior Military Liaison Officer in the Headquarters of the United Nations in New York City. In 2015 they served as the Chittagong Area Commander. They were appointed the Director General of Special Security Force on 10 April 2016. On 28 July 2018 they were promoted to Lt Gen and appointed as the Chief of general staff of the army leaving Maj Gen Mojibur Rahman as the Director General of SSF.
Post retirement
After retirement they became Director of National Bank Limited nominated by Shikder Insurance Company Ltd.
References
Living people
Bangladesh Army generals
1962 births
People from Shariatpur District
The Braille pattern dots-45 ( ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the top and middle right dots raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the top and upper middle right dots raised. It is represented by the Unicode code point U+2818, and in Braille ASCII with a caret: ^.
Unified Braille
In unified international braille, the braille pattern dots-45 is used as a format or abbreviation sign, or as otherwise needed.
Table of unified braille values
Other braille
Plus dots 7 and 8
Related to Braille pattern dots-45 are Braille patterns 457, 458, and 4578, which are used in 8-dot braille systems, such as Gardner-Salinas and Luxembourgish Braille.
Related 8-dot kantenji patterns
In the Japanese kantenji braille, the standard 8-dot Braille patterns 56, 156, 456, and 1456 are the patterns related to Braille pattern dots-45, since the two additional dots of kantenji patterns 045, 457, and 0457 are placed above the base 6-dot cell, instead of below, as in standard 8-dot braille.
Kantenji using braille patterns 56, 156, 456, or 1456
This listing includes kantenji using Braille pattern dots-45 for all 6349 kanji found in JIS C 6226-1978.
- 比
Variants and thematic compounds
Variants
- 比 + selector 4 = 此
Directional thematic compounds
- 比 + う/宀/#3 = 上
- 比 + 龸 = 下
- 比 + 宿 = 中
- 比 + 数 = 右
- 比 + ゐ/幺 = 左
- 比 + き/木 = 北
- 比 + み/耳 = 南
- 比 + ひ/辶 = 東
- 比 + に/氵 = 西
Other thematic compounds
- 比 + は/辶 = 母
- selector 1 + 比 + は/辶 = 毋
- 比 + な/亻 = 入
- 比 + へ/⺩ = 出
- 比 + ⺼ = 互
- 比 + ら/月 = 亙
- 比 + れ/口 = 凸
- 比 + 囗 = 凹
- 比 + や/疒 = 良
- 比 + つ/土 = 貫
- 比 + け/犬 = 大
- 比 + そ/馬 = 小
- 比 + た/⽥ = 尺
- 比 + ふ/女 = 屯
- 比 + と/戸 = 斗
- 比 + を/貝 = 斤
- 比 + く/艹 = 升
- 比 + 火 = 丈
- 比 + も/門 = 勺
- 比 + ぬ/力 = 匁
- selector 1 + 比 + ぬ/力 = 匆
- 比 + り/分 = 里
- 比 + え/訁 = 高
- 比 + か/金 = 可
- 比 + め/目 = 亀
Compounds of 比
- ふ/女 + 比 = 妣
- と/戸 + 比 = 屁
- よ/广 + 比 = 庇
- て/扌 + 比 = 批
- 日 + 比 = 昆
- き/木 + 日 + 比 = 棍
- 火 + 日 + 比 = 焜
- ち/竹 + 日 + 比 = 箟
- 心 + 日 + 比 = 菎
- せ/食 + 日 + 比 = 鯤
- に/氵 + 比 = 混
- た/⽥ + 比 = 毘
- 比 + 日 = 皆
- て/扌 + 比 + 日 = 揩
- き/木 + 比 + 日 = 楷
- な/亻 + 比 + 日 = 偕
- え/訁 + 比 + 日 = 諧
- そ/馬 + 比 = 鹿
- つ/土 + そ/馬 + 比 = 塵
- に/氵 + そ/馬 + 比 = 漉
- む/車 + そ/馬 + 比 = 轆
- か/金 + そ/馬 + 比 = 鏖
- く/艹 + そ/馬 + 比 = 麁
- へ/⺩ + そ/馬 + 比 = 麈
- の/禾 + そ/馬 + 比 = 麋
- こ/子 + そ/馬 + 比 = 麌
- き/木 + そ/馬 + 比 = 麓
- 囗 + そ/馬 + 比 = 麕
- 囗 + 比 = 麗
- な/亻 + 囗 + 比 = 儷
- に/氵 + 囗 + 比 = 灑
- そ/馬 + 囗 + 比 = 驪
- や/疒 + う/宀/#3 + 比 = 崑
- 心 + 龸 + 比 = 枇
- へ/⺩ + 宿 + 比 = 琵
- ま/石 + 宿 + 比 = 砒
- の/禾 + 宿 + 比 = 秕
- ち/竹 + 宿 + 比 = 箆
- ち/竹 + 龸 + 比 = 篦
- の/禾 + う/宀/#3 + 比 = 粃
- い/糹/#2 + 宿 + 比 = 紕
- 心 + 宿 + 比 = 蓖
- そ/馬 + 宿 + 比 = 豼
- そ/馬 + 龸 + 比 = 貔
Compounds of 此
- き/木 + 比 = 柴
- ま/石 + 比 = 砦
- 比 + 比 = 些
- 比 + い/糹/#2 = 雌
- を/貝 + 比 + selector 4 = 貲
- 囗 + 比 + selector 4 = 觜
- や/疒 + 比 + selector 4 = 疵
- め/目 + 比 + selector 4 = 眦
- れ/口 + 比 + selector 4 = 呰
- め/目 + 宿 + 比 = 眥
Compounds of 上, 下, and 中
- selector 1 + 比 + 龸 = 卞
- つ/土 + 比 + 龸 = 圷
- つ/土 + 比 + う/宀/#3 = 垰
- て/扌 + 比 + 龸 = 抃
- き/木 + 比 + 龸 = 梺
- も/門 + 比 + 龸 = 閇
- ち/竹 + 比 + 龸 = 雫
- け/犬 + 比 + 宿 = 狆
- ひ/辶 + 比 + 宿 = 迚
Compounds of 右, 左, 北, 南, 東, and 西
- な/亻 + 比 + 数 = 佑
- せ/食 + 比 + 数 = 醢
- selector 1 + 比 + に/氵 = 襾
- れ/口 + 比 + み/耳 = 喃
- 心 + 比 + み/耳 = 楠
- ひ/辶 + 比 + み/耳 = 遖
- て/扌 + 比 + ひ/辶 = 揀
- き/木 + 比 + ひ/辶 = 棟
- 心 + 比 + ひ/辶 = 楝
- ゑ/訁 + 比 + ひ/辶 = 諫
- せ/食 + 比 + ひ/辶 = 鰊
- れ/口 + 比 + に/氵 = 哂
- つ/土 + 比 + に/氵 = 堙
- は/辶 + 比 + に/氵 = 廼
- き/木 + 比 + に/氵 = 栖
- に/氵 + 比 + に/氵 = 湮
- か/金 + 比 + に/氵 = 甄
- ひ/辶 + 比 + に/氵 = 迺
Compounds of 母 and 毋
- 心 + 比 = 苺
- ふ/女 + 比 + は/辶 = 姆
- て/扌 + 比 + は/辶 = 拇
- 心 + 比 + は/辶 = 栂
- ね/示 + 比 + は/辶 = 袰
Compounds of 入 and 出
- れ/口 + 比 + な/亻 = 叺
- つ/土 + 比 + な/亻 = 圦
- き/木 + 比 + な/亻 = 杁
- れ/口 + 比 + へ/⺩ = 咄
- ら/月 + 比 + へ/⺩ = 朏
- き/木 + 比 + へ/⺩ = 柮
- ね/示 + 比 + へ/⺩ = 祟
- の/禾 + 比 + へ/⺩ = 糶
- し/巿 + 比 + へ/⺩ = 黜
Compounds of 互, 亙, 凸, 凹, 良, 貫, 可, 大, 小, 尺, 屯, 斗, 斤, 升, 丈, 勺, and 匁
- 氷/氵 + 比 + ⺼ = 冱
- に/氵 + 比 + ⺼ = 沍
- ら/月 + 比 + や/疒 = 朖
- へ/⺩ + 比 + や/疒 = 琅
- の/禾 + 比 + や/疒 = 粮
- 心 + 比 + や/疒 = 莨
- み/耳 + 比 + や/疒 = 踉
- き/木 + 比 + つ/土 = 樌
- え/訁 + 比 + け/犬 = 奕
- せ/食 + 比 + け/犬 = 奠
- そ/馬 + 比 + け/犬 = 尖
- さ/阝 + 比 + そ/馬 = 隙
- れ/口 + 比 + た/⽥ = 呎
- か/金 + 比 + た/⽥ = 鈬
- に/氵 + 比 + ふ/女 = 沌
- か/金 + 比 + ふ/女 = 瓲
- さ/阝 + 比 + ふ/女 = 邨
- せ/食 + 比 + ふ/女 = 飩
- て/扌 + 比 + と/戸 = 抖
- 囗 + 比 + と/戸 = 斛
- も/門 + 比 + と/戸 = 斟
- む/車 + 比 + と/戸 = 蚪
- れ/口 + 比 + を/貝 = 听
- つ/土 + 比 + を/貝 = 圻
- る/忄 + 比 + を/貝 = 忻
- に/氵 + 比 + を/貝 = 沂
- か/金 + 比 + を/貝 = 釿
- き/木 + 比 + く/艹 = 枡
- な/亻 + 比 + 火 = 仗
- ふ/女 + 比 + も/門 = 妁
- き/木 + 比 + も/門 = 杓
- 火 + 比 + も/門 = 灼
- 心 + 比 + も/門 = 芍
- せ/食 + 比 + も/門 = 酌
Compounds of 里, 高, 可, and 亀
- た/⽥ + 比 + ⺼ = 疉
- い/糹/#2 + 比 + 囗 = 雋
- な/亻 + 比 + り/分 = 俚
- れ/口 + 比 + り/分 = 哩
- に/氵 + 比 + り/分 = 浬
- け/犬 + 比 + り/分 = 狸
- ね/示 + 比 + り/分 = 裡
- そ/馬 + 比 + り/分 = 貍
- ち/竹 + 比 + り/分 = 霾
- れ/口 + 比 + え/訁 = 嚆
- つ/土 + 比 + え/訁 = 塙
- や/疒 + 比 + え/訁 = 嵩
- は/辶 + 比 + え/訁 = 敲
- き/木 + 比 + え/訁 = 槁
- そ/馬 + 比 + え/訁 = 犒
- の/禾 + 比 + え/訁 = 稾
- 心 + 比 + え/訁 = 蒿
- か/金 + 比 + え/訁 = 鎬
- う/宀/#3 + 比 + え/訁 = 髞
- か/金 + 比 + か/金 = 哥
- ゆ/彳 + 比 + か/金 = 彁
- き/木 + 比 + か/金 = 柯
- へ/⺩ + 比 + か/金 = 珂
- ふ/女 + 比 + か/金 = 舸
- く/艹 + 比 + か/金 = 苛
- に/氵 + 比 + か/金 = 渮
- え/訁 + 比 + か/金 = 訶
- む/車 + 比 + か/金 = 軻
- の/禾 + 比 + め/目 = 穐
- ほ/方 + 比 + め/目 = 鼇
- 氷/氵 + 比 + め/目 = 鼈
- 比 + 比 + め/目 = 龜
- も/門 + 比 + め/目 = 鬮
Other compounds
- ⺼ + 比 = 肘
- 比 + ん/止 = 低
- 仁/亻 + 比 = 化
- く/艹 + 比 = 花
- つ/土 + く/艹 + 比 = 埖
- き/木 + く/艹 + 比 = 椛
- ま/石 + く/艹 + 比 = 硴
- の/禾 + く/艹 + 比 = 糀
- か/金 + く/艹 + 比 = 錵
- を/貝 + 比 = 貨
- え/訁 + 仁/亻 + 比 = 訛
- と/戸 + 仁/亻 + 比 = 靴
- へ/⺩ + 比 = 奨
- selector 4 + へ/⺩ + 比 = 獎
- へ/⺩ + へ/⺩ + 比 = 奬
- 比 + ゆ/彳 = 優
- 比 + せ/食 = 鶴
- れ/口 + 比 + し/巿 = 吋
- ろ/十 + 比 + し/巿 = 尅
- る/忄 + 比 + し/巿 = 忖
- の/禾 + 比 + な/亻 = 糴
- い/糹/#2 + 比 + し/巿 = 紂
- せ/食 + 比 + し/巿 = 酎
Notes
Braille patterns
Coyoteville is a former settlement in Nevada County, California. It is situated at an elevation of above sea level.
History
On the eastern section of Lost Hill, the town of Coyoteville started in an area of gravel hills that were rich with gold. During the California Gold Rush, a tunneling method, nicknamed "coyoteing" was developed here, leading to the town's naming.
In later years, Coyoteville became the northwestern portion of Nevada City, California.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Hans Raj Vohra (1909 – 13 September 1985) was an approver for British in HSRA, providing testimony for the British that identified their associates in return for their own freedom. In May 1930, their statement against Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev Thapar and Shivaram Rajguru, in the Lahore Conspiracy Case trial, became "crucial" in leading to passing of their death sentence as a result of which Singh, Thapar and Rajguru became heroes of the Indian independence movement.
After the trial, Vohra pursued a career in journalism, first in London, and then subsequently in Lahore and later in Washington. Before they died, they addressed a letter to Sukhdev's brother, explaining why they testified against their comrades.
Early life and education
Hans Raj Vohra was born in 1909. Their father was Guranditta Mal, a professor of mathematics at Lahore's Central Training College.
Against the wishes of their father, Vohra became a trusted colleague and follower of the leading revolutionaries Sukhdev Thapar and Bhagat Singh. They were subsequently inducted into the Hindustan Socialist Republican Army and became a revolutionary organiser primarily arranging the distribution of leaflets and literature, in Punjab Province in the 1920s. Towards the end of the 1920s, as a student of the Forman Christian College and a member of the Lahore Student's Union, they became active in the student movement, recruiting to the Naujawan Bharat Sabha.
Lahore conspiracy case
Vohra came to be in police custody for 17 days following their arrest on 17 December 1928, the same day as the murder of John Saunders, the Assistant Superintendent mistaken for James Scott. Bhagat Singh was later arrested on 8 April 1929 after they were found bombing the Delhi Legislative Assembly. Although not directly involved with the bombing, Vohra, then working in the offices of Bande Mataram , knew of its details through Sukhdev, and after their second arrest in May 1929, closed their testimony and "tendered pardon, the conditions of which I accepted". The testimony was subsequently used in the Lahore Conspiracy Case trial which began in July 1929. In May 1930, they gave evidence in the trial which gave its judgement on 7 October 1930, sentencing "Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru to death by hanging".
It was not until the 1980s that Vohra made an attempt to explain why they did not divulge their colleagues details during the first arrest but disclosed all at the second arrest in 1929 after they had been informed that their mentor Sukhdev had already given away all their secrets. Vohra claimed in the letter that they felt let down and decided "I could not risk going down with people I no longer respected". Author Kuldip Nayar explained in their book The Martyr: Bhagat Singh - Experiments in Revolution (2000), that in the Lahore Conspiracy Case Trial of 1929-30, Vohra's testimony "was crucial in the death sentence handed out to Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru - their ex-comrades".
Two other significant approvers were Phonindra Nath Ghosh, whose testimony revolved mainly around the establishment of the Hindustan Socialist Party and Jai Gopal who focused on the murder of Saunders, while it was Vohra's testimony which concentrated on Bhagat Singh's activities. Bhagat Singh, Sukhdev and Rajguru subsequently became national heroes of the Indian independence movement.
Later life
Following the trial and the request to the British government by their father and acceptance by the Viceroy, Vohra was sponsored by the Punjab government to study at the London School of Economics. After a Masters in political science, they gained a degree in journalism from London University, returned to Lahore in 1936, was appointed Assistant Information Officer in the Bureau of Public Information in 1942, and was the correspondent of the Civil and Military Gazette of Lahore until 1948. In 1958, they transferred to Washington, corresponded using the name "Hans R. Vohra" and became the Washington correspondent of The Times of India.
They remained a correspondent and never made it to editor. In 1965, as the Washington correspondent for the Times of India, their interview with Dean Rusk, the then United States Secretary of State, was published in the Department of State Bulletin.
They retired in 1969, but continued to work freelance. In 1970, they published a paper in the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists titled "India's Nuclear Policy of Three Negatives", where they described India's attitude to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons as "will not sign the nuclear non-proliferation treaty...will not not make nuclear weapons...will not accept any nuclear guarantees".
Death
They spent the last few years of life in social isolation. In 1981, before they died, they addressed a letter to Sukhdev's brother, explaining why they testified and expressed the wish to be forgotten:
Mine has been a most difficult life, full of risks, but so far touch wood, I have emerged virtually unscathed, at least physically. But the memory of the twenties accompanies me doggedly, teasingly and hauntingly….I hope by the time I die, I would have been fully forgotten, This is my only ambition.
They died on 13 September 1985 in Maryland. They were married and had three children and by them had six grandchildren.
Selected publications
"India's Nuclear Policy of Three Negatives", Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, Vol. 26, Issue 4 (1970) pp. 25–27.
"A Letter From Washington: Ministry of Science—U.S. Style", Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists, Vol. 27, Issue 1 (1971), pp. 29–33.
See also
Lahore Conspiracy Case
Lahore Conspiracy Case trial
References
1909 births
Punjabi people
Revolutionary movement for Indian independence
1985 deaths
20th-century Indian journalists
Vellaisamy Thevar, known professionally as Madhurakavi Bhaskara Das, (Tamil:மதுரகவி பாஸ்கர தாஸ்) (1892–1952) was a popular Tamil film lyricist. In 1931 they wrote lyrics for H. M. Reddy's Kalidas movie. They were the first lyricist in the Tamil film industry.
Filmography
Das wrote the lyrics for the music in the following films.
Kalidas - 1931
Valli Thirumanam - 1933
Bojarajan - 1935
Chandragasan - 1936
Raja Thesinggu - 1936
Usa Kalyanam - 1936
Dhevadas - 1937
Sathi Agaliya - 1937
Rajasegaran - 1937
Kodaiyn Kadal - 1941
Navena Thennairaman - 1941
References
Lyricists
1892 births
1952 deaths
Tamil people
Tamil-language lyricists
Géza Hofi (born Géza Hoffmann, 2 July 1936 in Budapest; died 10 April 2002 in Budapest) was a Hungarian actor and comedian.  They are possibly the most popular Hungarian parodist of all time, who has had a strong influence on Hungarian cabaret.
Biography
Hofi Géza was the highlight of Hungarian cabaret for decades. They never followed any pattern or trend; they were always following their own trail. Their unique performances made them the most popular comedian of their time in Hungary. Their death created an enormous vacuum in Hungarian comedy, and it is a common consensus among the people who witnessed their performances that there probably never would be another comedian like him. It couldn't exactly be categorised as stand-up comedy, though it didn't fit any other category either. There are no current comedians in Hungary who would try to emulate their style—his legacy on Hungarian humour is somewhat analogous to that of Beethoven's on German music in the 1800s. Tickets for their theatre shows were sold out many months in advance, and they usually performed their shows to packed auditoriums.
Being a "stand-up" comedian in a totalitarian regime was never an easy task. Hofi was walking on thin ice as they never passed up an opportunity to ridicule the obvious absurdities of the communist government. However, there are indications that their shows were viewed by those in power as a safe way to ease the people's frustration with the political system. In the decades following the anti-communist uprising of 1956 the government was careful not to shut down the voice of the people that Hofi stood for. Instead, they chose to let them laugh—and in particular to laugh at those in power. Hofi, however, never held back and they had to spend a few nights in prison on numerous occasions.
Hofi's historical significance — beyond their obvious merits as a comedian — was that they maintained their identity and dignity in a totalitarian regime in situations where most others would have been afraid to cross the line. Their situation can never be compared to that of those stand-up comedians who make fun of politicians while they live in a country governed by a democratic government. Hofi often parodized János Kádár the communist leader of Hungary at the time—and in doing so it wasn't their impeccable match of Kádár's speech patterns that left those in the audience gasping for air, but rather an incisive critique of the contemporary politics.
Career
They inherited their sense of criticism from their father, and they also claimed to have inherited their musicality from their mother. Géza Hoffmann, as they were then known, planned on enrolling at the Academy of Theatrical Arts, but they were not admitted. So instead they started working at a porcelain factory. They signed up to the theatrical school directed by Kálmán Rózsahegyi, where among others they met József Sas and István Sztankay, who later became both their colleagues and good friends. While working at the factory, they joined the theatrical association led by András Jászai. They had already been painting porcelain for five years when in 1960, József Szendrő, a well-known theatrical director of the time spotted their talents. They were offered a contract with the Csokonai theatre in Debrecen in September 1960. While an actor there, they were keen to parodize performances with their friends. As they made great progress with their parodies; in 1963, they decided to move back to their native Budapest, and the National Directing Agency gave them the permission to perform their shows under their stage name Hofi.
On New Year's Eve 1968, they performed a brilliant song-contest parody, on the Hungarian Radio that propelled them to stardom. They signed a contract with in 1969, where they remained until 1982. Their director there was János Komlós. In 1983, they joined Madách Kamara at the invitation of Ottó Ádám, where they entertained the audience with their own scripts and dramaturgy. Their show Hofélia was played more than 500 times, and their new show My Life's Worth was played some 1400 times, from October 1987. Their performances were released on LP records several times, many of them have sold hundreds of thousands of copies. They recorded a song with János Koós, called Cowardly Cats, which was a smash hit. This was made into an animated film as well.
Hofi continued their career even after the end of socialism; their style, provocative humour, and the tone of their performances remained unchanged. They suffered a heart-attack in the early 1990s, and was also operated on their eye several times. They were disease-ridden during the early 2000s decade, but they returned to the stage for the last time in February 2002, performing for another two months. They died in their sleep on 10 April 2002.  They are buried in the Farkasréti Cemetery among other famous Hungarian celebrities.
Hofi was probably one of the greatest stars on the Radio Cabaret, and their performances in the New Year's Eve programmes was a guarantee for success. The recording of their song : to relax! remained popular and often played on the radio even today.
In the Hungarian People's Republic, Géza Hofi was closely monitored in large part due to their criticisms of the political system. They alluded to it several times during their performances, jokingly addressing members of the party, secret agents and government snitches that sat in the audience. Besides they were monitored by the StB as well. Even though they were critical of the government, and János Kádár, who was then the head of state/government was often subject of their parodies, they received accolades on the state level as well. Even János Kádár said to appreciate and understand Hofi's performances to a certain extent. (Hofi never spent any substantial time in prison after all.)
Awards and prizes
Géza Hofi was presented with awards several times, receiving some more than once.
Jászai Mari Prize for Actors (1970, 1973)
Merited Performer Award (1977)
Excellent Performer Award (1988)
Déryné Prize for Actors, a prize only for female performers, that Hofi gained alone as a male comedian so far (1995)
Officer's Cross of the Order of the Republic of Hungary (1996)
Kossuth Prize, the highest award for a performer (1998)
Pro Cultura Urbis prize, presented by the Assembly of Budapest (2002)
Although it is not an award, it is worth mentioning that the statue called "Theatre", sculpted by Géza Stremeny, which was erected in front of the main entrance of Mikroszkóp Theatre, was modelled after Hofi. This statue is popularly referred to as "the Hofi-statue", although many feel that it would be appropriate for them to receive another, more conventional statue.
References
External links
1936 births
2002 deaths
20th-century Hungarian people
Hungarian male film actors
Hungarian comedians
Hungarian cabaret performers
Male actors from Budapest
20th-century comedians
Burials at Farkasréti Cemetery
Siegenburg is a municipality in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kelheim (district)
Nona the Ninth is a 2022 science fantasy novel by the New Zealand writer Tamsyn Muir. It is the third book in the Locked Tomb series, after Gideon the Ninth (2019) and Harrow the Ninth (2020), with Alecto the Ninth to follow.
Publishing history
Muir had originally planned for the Locked Tomb series to be a trilogy, with Alecto the Ninth following Harrow the Ninth and being the third and final book in the series. However, in July 2021, Tor Publishing announced that the trilogy would be a series instead, with Nona the Ninth becoming the third book in the series and Alecto the Ninth becoming the fourth.
In an interview with Vox, Muir stated that Nona the Ninth "sprang from the planned first act of Alecto," and was spun off into its own book after their editor realised the first act of Alecto the Ninth alone had a word count of 140 000 words. Muir further added in the interview that, while they were writing Nona the Ninth, they had additionally written 30 000 words of an alternate timeline of the series "to make sure that if you wound up Gideon and Harrow and put them on a slightly different route the laws of the universe would still flow accordingly." The book cover was designed by Tommy Arnold, who had designed the previous books' covers.
Themes
In an interview with In the Margin, Muir stated that the series included their "personal relationship to faith." They elaborated that "the God of the Locked Tomb IS a man; they Are the Father and the Teacher; it's an inherent masc role played by someone who has an uneasy relationship themselves to playing a Biblical patriarch," but that Nona the Ninth would show how "the divine in the Locked Tomb is essentially feminine on multiple axes.". Muir has also stated that
Gender is kind of a weird buffet in the Locked Tomb universe as it is. Pronouns often exist independent of gender identities—there's one character in particular who lives with bestowed pronouns and who is violently proud of them while at the same time quite likes experiencing what other pronouns mean. Titles are important for different people for different reasons. The choices people have made—or haven't made—as to what their names are, what they're called, are meant to be significant.
Reception
Publishers Weekly called the book "characteristically brilliant," adding that "Nona's lovely, simple, and occasionally silly voice" created a "riveting contrast" with the "dark, dense backdrop of the series so far."
Lacy Baugher Milas , for Paste, commented that compared to the focus on grief and tragedy in the previous Locked Tomb books, "Nona the Ninth feels like something altogether different: A story about life, and maybe even a little bit about hope". They wrote that the book "expects us to do a fair amount of reading between the lines ourselves and offers up no easy answers". Baugher Milas called Muir's "immediate hook" of main character amnesia for the second book "in a row" a "gutsy move" – they highlighted that "Nona's story could not be more opposite to the 500-plus-page meditation on grief that was Harrow the Ninth. [...] Farewell Nona, we barely knew you. But what a lovely time we had together".
Constance Grady, for Vox, wrote that "Nona the Ninth is a deceptive book: Its sweetness hides teeth, and then its teeth hide more sweetness. As long as you go in without expecting fancy things like being able to understand every detail of the action in a literal and straightforward way, it will treat you right". Grady also highlighted some "notable vibes" such as "dogs being good [...], the best cool girl gang leader [...], necromantic battles [...], nuclear war" and "more Catholicism than you might expect!"
Linda Codega, for Gizmodo, called the book an "intermission" in the Locked Tomb series. Codega wrote that "Nona the Ninth is an exercise in over-developing what should have been a single arc into a novel-length aside. [...] This book does include some great lyrical turns of phrase and running jokes. [...] It talks about grief, death, sacrifice, and depression with an expansiveness that is incredible and unmatched. But for all these benefits, Nona has none of their grace". They commented that the structure of the book means that some of the audience will "love it", however, "some people, like me, are going to slog through it, hoping that there's some kind of payoff at the 300-page mark". Codega felt that this "payoff never happened" and that while the book is receiving "a lot of hype from die-hard fans", Nona the Ninth "is a book that would make me tell fans not to bother".
References
21st-century New Zealand novels
Science fantasy novels
2022 science fiction novels
LGBT speculative fiction novels
New Zealand speculative fiction novels
Tor Books books
2020s LGBT novels
Balacra rubrostriata is a moth of the family Erebidae. It was described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1898 and is found in Burundi, Cameroon, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Ghana, Kenya, Togo, Uganda and Zambia.
References
Balacra
Moths described in 1898
Erebid moths of Africa
Otis Lee Anderson Jr. (November 12, 1998November 29, 2021) was an American football running back in the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at UCF and entered the NFL as an undrafted free agent in 2021. Not signed to a roster spot ahead of the 2021 season, Anderson received national attention after they were shot and killed by their father the same year.
College career
Anderson attended University Christian School in Jacksonville, Florida and the University of Central Florida (UCF), where they played college football for the Knights. Regarded as a utility player, they were utilized as a running back, wide receiver, and return specialist.
Professional career
After not being selected in the 2021 NFL Draft, Anderson signed with the Los Angeles Rams as an undrafted free agent. The Rams cut them following training camp. They signed to the team's practice squad on September 1, 2021, and was released on September 20.
Death
Anderson was shot and killed by their father, Otis Lee Anderson Sr., in a domestic disturbance on November 29, 2021.
References
External links
Los Angeles Rams bio
UCF Knights football bio
1998 births
2021 deaths
Players of American football from Jacksonville, Florida
American football running backs
UCF Knights football players
Los Angeles Rams players
Deaths by firearm in Florida
Air attack may refer to:
An Aerial firefighting mission or series of missions
A strategic bombing air raid
Fighter Ace (video game), also called "Air attack", a 1997 flight simulator by Microsoft
AirAttack, video game developed and published by Art In Games in 2010.
Air attack, slang for an offensive strategy using primarily forward passes in Canadian and American football
Sirak M. Sabahat (; born December 5, 1981) is an Israeli actor.  They are known for their role in the film Live and Become.
Filmography
Live and Become (2005)
Comme au cinéma (2005)
The Children of СССР (2007)
Further reading
References
External links
1981 births
Beta Israel
Israeli male film actors
Israeli male stage actors
Israeli male television actors
Jewish Israeli male actors
Living people
Israeli people of Ethiopian-Jewish descent
Reinold "Rein" Ozoline (born 18 May 1967 in St.Peterburg Russia an Australian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1967 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Australia
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Australian male sport wrestlers
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Australia
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Australia
Wrestlers at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Wrestlers at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games medallists in wrestling
Guests Who Arrived on the Last Train () is a 1967 South Korean film directed by Yu Hyun-mok. It was presented at the 6th Panama International Film Festival.
Synopsis
A literary drama about a young man dying of lung cancer and their circle of friends.
Cast
Lee Soon-jae
Moon Hee
Seong Hun
Nam Jeong-im
Kim Seong-ok
Ahn In-sook
Han Chan-ju
Jeong Min
Kim Ung
Seong So-min
References
External links
1967 films
1960s Korean-language films
South Korean drama films
Rail transport films
The men's 1500 metre freestyle competition of the swimming events at the 1991 Pan American Games took place on 18 August. The last Pan American Games champion was Alex Kostich of US.
This race consisted of thirty lengths of the pool, all lengths being in freestyle.
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
Final
The final was held on August 18.
References
Swimming at the 1991 Pan American Games
The Imam Dur Mausoleum or Qubba Imam Al-Dur () was a mausoleum in Iraq which dates back to the Uqaylid era. The mausoleum was located twenty kilometers north of Samarra in Saladin Governorate.
History
The mausoleum dates back to the 11th century, and was first administered by the Seljuk court, which was mainly a Sunni Islamic institution. The architect of the mausoleum was Abu Shakir ibn Abi al-Faraj. The building was among the many works that the chamberlain, Abu Jafar Muhammad, ordered to be completed. The construction of the mausoleum was eventually completed before 1094. The mausoleum was the earliest datable example of a building that used a muqarnas dome. The legal caretaker, or mutawalli, of the mausoleum was Qadi Mu'nis ibn Hamdan, who was succeeded in this role by Hasan ibn Rafi.
At some point of time, a mosque was built next to the mausoleum, but only the mausoleum was present in photographs by travelers in the 20th century.
Architecture
The site of the Imam Dur Mausoleum is a walled enclosure.
The mausoleum building is a cube-shaped structure topped with a muqarnas dome. The base of the muqarnas dome was a tall cube bolstered by pillars, one in each corner, that were made of baked brick. Banna'i brickwork adorned each pillar and a band at the top of the base. Surmounting the cube was the muqarnas dome resting on a tall, octagonal drum. The shell of the dome consisted of three increasingly narrower octagonal drums, each rotated slightly to form a spiral effect. At the top of each drum was a dome-shaped cupola.
The tomb chamber is entered through a door on the North side of the building. Inside, it features stucco ornamentation, which includes rows of blind lobed arches. The inner part of the muqarnas dome's highest cupola is decorated with fluting.
Imam Dur's identity
The identity of the entombed person is disputed. An inscription on the exterior of the mausoleum states that the building is a turba, or tomb, of Abu 'Abd-Allah Muhammad Al-Durri, a senior scholar of Ad-Dawr and the son of the seventh Shia Imam, Musa Al-Kadhim. They were buried in 838. Another inscription states that the entombed is the Uqaylid amir, Sharaf al-Dawla Muslim ibn Quraysh who died in 1085.
2014 demolition
The Imam Dur Mausoleum was detonated by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant on 23 October 2014.
As of 2016, a reconstruction is taking place.
References
Buildings and structures demolished in 2014
Mausoleums in Iraq
Mosques in Iraq
11th-century mosques
Zographetus dzonguensis, the chocolate-bordered flitter, is a butterfly belonging to the family Hesperiidae. Z. dzonguensis was named after the area it was found in (Dzongu).
Distribution
Species was described from Upper Dzongu, North Sikkim District, Sikkim, India.
References
Hesperiinae
Butterflies of Asia
Butterflies described in 2021
How Ivanushka the Fool Travelled in Search of Wonder (; trans. Kak Ivanushka-durachok za chudom khodil) is a 1977 Soviet fantasy film produced by Kinostudiya Lenfilm, and directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova.
Plot
Ivanushka the fool meets a robber in the forest. After having a fight with him, Ivanushka brings the bag with stolen goods back to its original owner, a merchant named Marco the Rich. There they meet their daughter Nastya. They fell in love, but Marco the Rich does not want Ivanushka to marry their daughter, and decides to send a woman named Varvara to poison him.
Nastya gives Ivanushka a letter, in which they warn them of the danger. Varvara fails to poison the protagonist, and tells Ivanushka the truth. They suggest them to leave in secret, but returns and tells Marco the Rich that Ivanushka allegedly died. Hearing this, Nastya faints into a coma. Doctors say that only a miracle can save them Ivanushka decides to go to Baba-Yaga to seek advice, and they tell them to go to a wizard named Lukomor. Ivanushka embarks on a journey from thereon.
Cast
Oleg Dahl as Ivanushka the Fool
Elena Proklova as Nastenka
Mikhail Gluzskiy as Marko Bogatyi
Tatyana Pelttser as Baba Varvara
Vladimir Etush as Fakir
Andrei Popov as Lukomor Lukomorich
Aleksandr Benyaminov as Luka
Mariya Barabanova as Baba Yaga
Igor Dmitriev as the king
Mikhail Boyarskiy as Fyodor Ivanovich
Sergey Filippov as Zamorskiy lekar
Boris Arakelov as the thief
Aleksandr Afanasev as Sluga
Gennadi Dyudyayev as Vasiliy
References
External links
1977 films
Films based on fairy tales
Soviet fantasy films
Films directed by Nadezhda Kosheverova
1970s fantasy films
A list of films produced between 1898 and 1919 in the territory occupied by the present-day Republic of Azerbaijan, which at the time consisted of governorates that were part of the Russian Empire (1898–1918) and then the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic (1918–1919).
1898–1908
1910s
External links
Azerbaijani film at the Internet Movie Database
Azerbaycan Kinosu
1898
Lists of 1890s films
Films
Lists of 1900s films
Films
Lists of 1910s films
Films
Minamihata Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control, water supply and power production. The catchment area of the dam is 27.5 km2. The dam impounds about 27 ha of land when full and can store 6000 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1979 and completed in 1985.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1985 establishments in Japan
The Cop Universe is an Indian media franchise and shared universe created by Rohit Shetty consisting of media focusing on police officers. The franchise includes films, animated series, video games and web series. The shared universe was established by crossing over common plot elements, settings, cast, and characters.
The first two films, Singham (2011) and Singham Returns (2014) focus on Bajirao Singham, an honest DCP who fights for justice. The third, Simmba (2018), focuses on Sangram "Simmba" Bhalerao, a corrupt Inspector from the same town as Bajirao, who takes advantage of their job. The franchise has another installment, Sooryavanshi (2021) starring Akshay Kumar as Veer Sooryavanshi, another DCP.
Development
Seeing the success of the Tamil-language film, Singam (2010), directed by Hari, the film rights for the Hindi and Kannada versions were sold by the makers. Reliance Big Pictures, which co-produced the original version, bought the Hindi remake rights and announced in November 2010 that the version would feature Rohit Shetty as director and Ajay Devgn in the lead. Prakash Raj was signed on to reprise their role as the antagonist from the original. In February 2011, Kajal Aggarwal was signed in as the female lead. The movie was named "Singham" (). The film received mixed critical response but the film was declared a 'super hit' at the box office, collecting .
After the commercial success of Singham, Shetty announced that plans were being made to direct a sequel to Singham. The movie was named "Singham Returns". Devgn was reprising their role from Singham. However, Kareena Kapoor was cast as the female lead this time. The film received mixed reviews and just like its predecessor, Singham Returns was declared a 'super hit' at the box office collecting .
Following Singham Returns' success, Shetty showed interest in remaking the Telugu film Temper (2015). They stated in an interview, "We have bought the rights of Temper but our film is not exactly a remake. We wanted to take four-five scenes from Temper but we thought it's better to buy the rights." The film was named "Simmba" and Ranveer Singh was cast as Simmba, along with Sara Ali Khan for the female lead. The film received positive reviews and was declared as a 'blockbuster, collecting .
In the post-credits scene, the filmmakers revealed the next movie in the cop universe, Sooryavanshi, which cast Akshay Kumar in the lead role. The shooting was wrapped in late 2019, and was heading towards a March 2020 release, however the film was postponed due to COVID-19 pandemic, before it finally released after a year, on 5 November 2021.
Films
Singham (2011)
It is the Hindi remake of the Tamil film Singam. It stars Ajay Devgn as Inspector Bajirao Singham, Kajal Aggarwal as Kavya Bhosle, and Prakash Raj as Jaykant Shikre. It was released on 22 July 2011.
Singham Returns (2014)
The plot was inspired by the Malayalam film Ekalavyan. It stars Devgn as DCP Bajirao Singham, Kareena Kapoor as Avni Kamat, and Amole Gupte as Babaji. It was released on 15 August 2014.
Simmba (2018)
The film is an remake of the Telugu film Temper. It stars Ranveer Singh as Senior Police Inspector Sangram Bhalerao (Simmba), Sara Ali Khan as Shagun Sathe, and Sonu Sood as Durva Ranade. Ajay Devgn and Akshay Kumar appear in cameo appearances, with the former reprising their role of DCP Bajirao Singham, while the latter played another DCP named Veer Sooryavanshi. It was released on 28 December 2018.
Sooryavanshi (2021)
The film sees Kumar reprising their role of DCP Veer Sooryavanshi, but in the lead role, with Katrina Kaif as Ria Sooryavanshi. It was scheduled to release on 30 April 2021 but postponed due to COVID-19. It was released on 5 November 2021 coinciding with Diwali.
Singham III (2023)
Director Rohit Shetty has confirmed that there will be a third installment of Singham film after the release of Sooryavanshi, that Devgn will reprise their role. Sunny Deol is a special appearance.
Web series
Indian Police Force
The upcoming series will star Sidharth Malhotra as Kabir Malik, Vivek Oberoi as TBA & Shilpa Shetty as TBA, the officer in Delhi Police. The series is currently under production and is set to premiere on Amazon Prime Video soon. Rohit Shetty is the showrunner and producer. Shetty is also working closely on the script and action scenes of the project. It will be an eight episode series.
Recurring cast and characters
Additional crew and production details
Release, reception and revenue
In other media
Animated series
An animated series named Little Singham based on Singham was released in 2018. Another animated series named Smashing Simmba based on Simmba was released in 2020.A third animated series Baby Little Singham, which was sequel of 2018 animated series Little Singham.
Games
A mobile game called Singam Returns: The Game based on Singham Returns was released in 2014 by Zapak Mobile Games for Android. Another Android mobile game was released in 2018 based on the television series, Little Singham in 2018 by Zapak Mobile Games.
See also
YRF Spy Universe
Dinesh Vijan's horror-comedy universe
Tiger (franchise)
Race (film series)
References
External links
Indian film series
Action film franchises
Fictional portrayals of police departments in India
Films adapted into television shows
Films adapted for other media
Shared universes
Fictional universes
Abraham Jacobus Wendel (Leiden, 31 October 1826 Leiden, 23 September 1915) was a Dutch lithographer, draughtsman and scientific botanical and paleontological illustrator using the signature AW and A. J. Wendel
Life and work
Abraham Jacobus Wendel was born in 1826 in Leiden, the son of Jacobus Cornelis Wendel (1796-1860) and Johanna Vegt (1801-1869). In 1849 they married Jannetje Koolen (1826-1904) and had six children, including Abraham Jacobus Johannes Wendel (Leiden, 9 July 1854 - 3 April 1930), who became a lithographer and botanical artist in their own right, using signature AJJW. Their father Abraham Jacobus Wendel created the botanical illustrations for many books and scientific journal articles. They were a lithographer with the printing house Arntz & Co. in Leiden, and made the illustrations for W. H. De Vriese et al. Descriptions et figures des plantes nouvelles et rares (1847). In 1887 they worked with Boek- en steendrukkerij P.W.M. Trap in Leiden: both Wendel and Trap are acknowledged in volumes 6 and 7 of the Annales du Jardin botanique de Buitenzorg (Ann.Jard.Bot.Btzg.).
Publications
Books
Botanical and paleontological art, including:
1847: , ; - Descriptions et figures des plantes nouvelles et rares : du Jardin Botanique de l'Université de Leide et des principaux jardins du royaume des Pays-Bas
1858: - Flora Javae et insularum adjacentium
[1868]: and - Flora : afbeeldingen en beschrijvingen van boomen, heesters, éénjarige planten, enz., voorkomende in de Nederlandsche tuinen. Groningen: Wolters.
1879: , et al. - Nederlandsche Flora en Pomona, beschreven en uitgegeven door het bestuur der Pomologische Vereeniging te Boskoop. (Redactie: K.J.W. Ottolander, A. Koster, C. de Vos.) Met platen naar de natuur geteekend door A.J. Wendel. Groningen: Wolters.
[187-]: Prentenboek / Adelborst., Leiden: D. Noothoven Van Goor
1894: - Pithecanthropus erectus: eine menschenähnliche Übergangsform aus Java. Batavia: Landesdruckerei., collaboration with their son Abraham Jacobus Johannes?
Portraits
1855: portrait van Antonius Niermeyer, university professor at Leiden University
Maps
[1900]: Kaart van Zuid-Afrika (Map of Boer War South Africa) in F. Lion Cachet: De worstelstrijd der Transvalers [1900]
Gallery
Footnote
1826 births
1915 deaths
Botanical illustrators
Dutch lithographers
Scientific illustrators
People from Leiden
{{Infobox person
| name = Erana James
| image =
| caption =
| birth_name = Erana James
| birth_date =
| birth_place = Whangarei, New Zealand
| occupation = Actress
| known_for = The WildsThe Changeover|
}}
Erana James is an actor from New Zealand.  They are best known for their role as Toni Shalifoe in The Wilds''.
Early life
Erana James was born to Maōri parents in Whangārei, New Zealand where they grew up on a farm. They lived there with their family before moving to Wellington at the age of 10.
Filmography
References
Living people
New Zealand film actores
New Zealand Māori actores
New Zealand television actores
People from Whangārei
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ngāti Whātua
Gråkallbreen is a glacier in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It has a length of about 800 meters, and is located north of the mountain Gråkallen and in the upper part of Slaklidalen. Slaklielva originates from Gråkallbreen and flows through Slaklidalen and across Breinesflya towards the sea.
References
Glaciers of Spitsbergen
Premiair is an aviation service and aircraft management operator based in Indonesia, serving domestic and international markets. The company is headquartered at Halim Perdanakusuma Airport in Jakarta.
In 2008, Premiair earned to Indonesia's top safety rank. It is one of only four Indonesian airlines that is allowed to fly to the European Union.
Business line
The airport offers VIP and corporate charter services, aircraft management services, ground handling and fixed-base operation services, hangar services, aircraft sales, oil and gas producers services.
Premiair subsidiaries
Premiair has several subsidiaries:
PT. Wira Jasa Angkasa (WJA), focusing io aircraft maintenance and supplies
PT. Wira Adirajasa Dirgantara (WAD), focusing its business on fixed-base operations
PT. Mitra Adirajasa Dirgantara (MAD), focusing on aviation consultancy and advising
Fleet
Current fleet
The Premiair fleet includes the following aircraft (as of August 2021):
Former fleet
Premiair previously operated the following aircraft:
References
External links
Official website
Airlines of Indonesia
Zane Randall Stroope (born October 25, 1953) is an American composer and conductor. They have published more than 190 works, with: Oxford University Press, Carl Fischer, Alliance Music Publishing, Walton, Colla Voce, and Lorenz.
Biography
Stroope earned a master's degree in voice performance at the University of Colorado (Boulder) and their doctorate in conducting from Arizona State University. In an electronic publication, Stroope states that even though they had dabbled in composition since the age of ten, it was not until they wrote The Cloths of Heaven, and Inscription of Hope, that they began to gain recognition. They state, “I was quite fortunate to have written some works that found great attraction across the country. That sort of catapulted my career compositionally. I was soon being asked to write pieces and conduct those works with the groups that commissioned them. Through conducting, you learn about what works in composition. Both aspects of my career took hold, and I've never looked back. I'm busier today than I've ever been.”
In addition to composing music and guest conducting, Stroope held Professor of Music positions at Oklahoma State University, Rowan University in Glassboro, New Jersey and at the University of Nebraska at Omaha. As a conductor, they regularly appear nationally and internationally in such venues as: Carnegie Hall, Chicago Orchestra Hall, Sopra Minerva (Rome), and the Kennedy Center.
Mentors and contemporaries
Cecil Effinger and Normand Lockwood, mentors of Stroope, are well-respected American composers. Effinger's Little Symphony No. 1 and Four Pastorales, arguably their most recognizable pieces, are performed by many ensembles across the U.S. and abroad. Normand Lockwood won the prestigious Prix de Rome, a scholarship given the select students within the arts, which allowed them to study in Rome.
Both Effinger and Lockwood were students of Nadia Boulanger, a student of Gabriel Fauré. Fauré was one of the greatest French composers of the twentieth century. Nadia Boulanger, became one of the most influential music theory teachers of the twentieth century, one of their first pupils being American composer Aaron Copland. Stroope credits Boulanger for their mentors' support of their creativity saying, “Efficiency of writing would be the main thing I took from my studies with Effinger. Boulanger didn't try to replicate themselves through their students; they let them be successful in their own way. As a result, Lockwood and Effinger were very open to different styles of music in my writing. It wasn't a cookie cutter approach to composition.”
Morten Lauridsen, a colleague and friend of Stroope, is the professor of composition at the University of Southern California Thornton School of Music and has been for more than thirty years. From 1994 to 2001 they held the position the composer-in-residence at the Los Angeles Master Chorale. Lauridsen, composer of works such as O magnum mysterium, Sure on this Shining Night, and Les Chansons des Roses, was named "American Choral Master" by the National Endowment for the Arts. In 2007, President Bush awarded them the National Medal of Arts in a White House ceremony. The National Medal of Arts is the highest award given to artists and arts patrons by the United States government. While Stroope taught at Rowan University in Glassboro, New Jersey, Lauridsen held a residency and The Rowan University Concert Choir performed Lauridsen's works. During the concert, Morten Lauridsen was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from Rowan University. Since then, Stroope and Lauridsen have continued to engage in collaborative projects. In 2010 and 2014, Lauridsen held residencies at Oklahoma State University similar to that at Rowan University.
Published material
Compositions (partial list of published works)
Abandon
All My Heart This Night Rejoices
All So Still
American Christmas/American Rhapsody
Amor de mi alma
An die Freude
And Sure Stars Shining... (poem by Sara Teasdale)
Caritas et amor
Christi Mutter (No. 2 of Triptych)
Cloths of Heaven
Consecrate the Place and Day
Dance for Love
Danny Boy
Danse Macabre
Dies irae
Dona nobis pacem
Echo of Beauty
Fanfare from Cantus natalis
Four Sonnets of Garcilaso de la Vega
Go Lovely Rose
Homeland
Hodie! This Day
How Can I Keep From Singing?
I carry your heart with me
Inscription of Hope
I Am Not Yours
I Have Loved Hours at Sea
Image of Beauty
Invocation
Judaskuss (The Kiss of Judas) (No. 1 of Triptych)
Tarantula (Jubilate Agno)
Kyrie
Lamentationes Jeremiae Prophetae
Lux aeterna
Magnificat
Michelangelo's Sonnet
My Flight to Heaven (Charm Me Asleep)
Northwest Passage: Three Poetic Landscapes
Odysseus and the Sirens
Omnia Sol
Os justi
Petrus No. 3 of Triptych
Psalm 23
Revelation
Sanctus
Shall I Compare Thee to a Summer's Day?
They Walk in Beauty
Sicut cervus
Song to the Moon (La Luna)
Soul Speak
Sure On This Shining Night
The Conversion of Saul
The Pasture
The Love of Truth
There is No Rose
The Road Not Taken
This Endris Night
Three Metaphysical Motets
Vesuvius
We Beheld Once Again the Stars
Winter
Books
Stroope contributed to the book Composers on Composing for Choir along with composers such as René Clausen, Gwyneth Walker, John Rutter and Morten Lauridsen. In this book, Stroope speaks on their experiences with composing, strategies for composing and instructing young composers.
Awards and honors
2004 Brock Commission from the American Choral Directors Association.
Australian-American Fulbright
Douglas R. McEwen award for National Choral Excellence
Doug and Nickie Burns Endowed Chair in Choral Music
Regents Distinguished Research Award
2018 Oklahoma State University Eminent Professor Award
2020 Honorary member of ANDCI association of Italian choir directors.
References
External links (Citations)
Z. Randall Stroope's page at Carl Fischer
Official website
Oklahoma State University Department of Music
An interview with Northwest ACDA Women's Choir Conductor Z. Randall Stroope
1953 births
Living people
20th-century classical composers
21st-century classical composers
American male classical composers
American classical composers
Oklahoma State University faculty
American male conductors (music)
University of Colorado Boulder alumni
University of Nebraska Omaha faculty
Arizona State University alumni
Musicians from Albuquerque, New Mexico
Rowan University faculty
21st-century American composers
20th-century American composers
20th-century American conductors (music)
21st-century American conductors (music)
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
Society for Latin American Studies is based in the United Kingdom and one of Europe's largest organizations of scholars of Latin American studies. It was founded in 1964 and has over 400 members, including diplomats, writers, and researchers in both academia and commercial and non-governmental organisations. SLAS organizes an annual conference and produces the quarterly journal, Bulletin of Latin American Research; it also provides grants to support research and professional activities.
References
External links
SLAS website
Educational organisations based in the United Kingdom
Latin American studies
Kali Banerjee (20 November 1920 – 5 July 1993) was an Indian actor, who worked in the 1950s–1970s in Bengali cinema.  They are best known for their work with film directors like Satyajit Ray in Parash Pathar (1958) and Ritwik Ghatak in Nagarik (1952) and Ajantrik (1958).
Career
Starring in many commercial ventures in the 1960s, their association with the serious film-makers is what has given the actor an imperishable place in the history of Bengali cinema. They starred first in the movie named 'Tatinir Bichar' and 'Barmar Pathe' (On the way to Burma). Further they brought out a convincing portrayal of a young Chinese vendor Lu Wang in the street of Kolkata in time of India's freedom struggle in Mrinal Sen's Neel Akasher Neechey (1959).
They acted in Satyajit Ray's Parash Pathar (1958) and Teen Kanya (1961), but it was their association with Ritwik Ghatak, with whom they worked in Nagarik (1952), Ajantrik (1958) that the cinephiles mostly enjoy and want to commemorate.
They played a Bahurupi in Bari Theke Paliye. Then there was Ajantrik, where they were flawless in the portrayal of an idiosyncratic driver Bimal who is in love with their car. Besides these Arthouse films, they acted with aplomb in the films such as * Kabuliwala (1956), Badsha, Kinu Gowalar Goli, Guru Dakshina and the Hindi films such as Bawarchi (1972) directed by Hrishikesh Mukherjee.
They acted as the leading character 'Totla Ganesh' (stammering Ganesh) in Satyen Bose's popular hit comedy Barjatri (1951) (English title: The Marriage Procession). The Bengali movie-goer fondly remembers their understated comedy and excellent comic timing in the film. After that they worked in hundreds of Bengali commercial movies. Important side roles played by Banerjee in all those movies made them very popular in Tollywood (Bengali film industry).
Selected filmography
Tatinir Bichar (1940)
Burmar Pathey (1947)
Putul Nacher Itikatha (1949)
Tathapi (1950)
Barjatri (1951) - Gansha
Ratnadip (1951)
Nagarik (1952) - The Father
Rani Bhabani (1952)
Abu Hossain (1952)
Anibarya (1952)
Pathik (1953)
Nabin Jatra (1953)
Nababidhan (1954)
Ankush (1954)
Rickshaw-Wala (1955)
Sabar Upare (1955) - Inspector Shushil
Kalindi (1955)
Debi Malini (1955)
Raat Bhore (1955)
Tonsil (1956)
Aparajito (1956) - Kathak
Shilpi (1956)
Sinthir Sindur (1956)
Khela Bhangar Khela (1957)
Surer Parashey (1957)
Kabuliwala (1957)
Ogo Shunchho (1957)
Ami Baro Habo (1957)
Ratri Sheshe (1957)
Raat Ekta (1957)
Louhakapat (1958)
Dakharkra (1958)
Parash Pathar (1958) - Priyotosh Henry Biswas
Ajantrik (1958) - Bimal
Bari Theke Paliye (1958) - Haridas
Nagini Kanyar Kahini (1958)
Suryatoran (1958)
Rajdhani Theke (1958)
Janmantar (1959)
Neel Akasher Neechey (1959) - Wang Lu
Sonar Harin (1959)
Agnisambhaba (1959)
Dui Bechara (1960)
Prabesh Nishedh (1960)
Natun Fasal (1960)
Shesh Paryanta (1960)
Kshudha (1960)
Teen Kanya (1961) - Phanibhushan Saha (segment "Monihara")
Pankatilak (1961)
Punashcha (1961)
Carey Saheber Munshi (1961)
Aamar Desh (1962)
Hansuli Banker Upakatha (1962) - Banwari
Shubho Drishti (1962)
Ektukro Agun (1963)
Akash Pradip (1963)
Tridhara (1963) - Chhoto-Bapi
Badshah (1963)
Saptarshi (1964)
Kinu Gowalar Gali (1964) - Moni
Kantatar (1964)
Dui Parba (1964)
Subha O Debatar Gras (1964)
Surer Agun (1965)
Dinanter Alo (1965)
Arohi (1964) - Peasant Who Learns to Read
Joradighir Chowdhury Paribar (1966)
Seba (1967)
Hangsa Mithun (1968)
Raktarekha (1968)
Boudi (1968)
Jiban Sangeet (1968)
Kakhano Megh (1968)
Pratidan (1969)
Shasti (1970)
Aleyar Alo (1970)
Muktisnan (1970)
Rupasi (1970) - Ekkari - Thakurda
Janani (1971)
Nimantran (1971)
Atattar Din Pare (1971)
Maa O Mati (1972)
Ajker Nayak (1972)
Bawarchi (1972) - Meeta Sharma
Andha Atit (1972)
Bigalita Karuna Janhabi Jamuna (1972) - Dr. Sarkar
Agnibhramar (1973)
Aabirey Rangano (1973)
Prantarekha (1974)
Sangini (1974)
Debi Chowdhurani (1974) - Haraballav
Shanginee (1974)
Umno O Jhumno (1975)
Natun Surya (1975)
Sansar Simante (1975)
Swayamsiddha (1975)
Khudha (1975)
Swikarakti (1976)
Harmonium (1976) - Harendra Kumar Chatterjee
Hangsaraj (1976)
Dampati (1976)
Yugo Manab Kabir (1976)
Sandhya Surya (1976)
Ek Bindu Sukh (1977)
Ek Je Chhilo Desh (1977)
Behula Lakhindar (1977)
Ei Prithibir Panthanibas (1977)
Pratima (1977)
Joy Maa Tara (1978) - Nabab
Tushar Tirtha Amarnath (1978)
Debdas (1979)
Ghatkali (1979)
Sunayani (1979)
Nouka Dubi (1979)
Nandan (1979)
Shesh Bichar (1980)
Batasi (1980)
Bichar (1980)
Dadar Kirti (1980) - Saraswati's father
Meghmukti (1981)
Manikchand (1981) - Barda
Durga Durgatinashini (1982)
Preyasi (1982)
Rajbadhu (1982)
Matir Swarga (1982)
Agni sambhaba (1959)
Maa Bhabani Maa Amar (1982)
Chhoto Maa (1983)
Nishibhor (1983)
Jabanbondi (1983)
Arpita (1983)
Indira (1983)
Agamikal (1983)
Mouchor (1983)
Dadamoni (1984)
Simantarag (1984)
Ahuti (1984)
Pratigya (1985)
Sonar Sansar (1985)
Mutkapran (1986)
Urbashi (1986)
Parinati (1986)
Subho Kamon Aachho? (1986)
Bouma (1986)
Prem Bandhan (1986)
Lalan Fakir (1987)
Debika (1987)
Gurudakshina (1987)
Chhoto Bou (1988)
Debi Baran (1988)
Anjali (1988)
Parashmoni (1988)
Nayanmoni (1989)
Mangaldeep (1989)
Shatarupa (1989)
Sati (1989)
Satarupa (1989)
Mangal Deep (1989)
Kari Diye Kinlam (1989)
Jaa Devi Sarva Bhuteshu (1989)
Byabadhan (1990)
Debata (1990)
Mahajan (1990)
Jibansangee (1990)
Heerak Jayanti (1990)
Ahankar (1991)
Abhagini (1991)
Sadharan Meye (1991)
Bidhilipi (1991)
Nyaychakra (1991)
Purushottam (1992)
Ananda (1992)
Shaitan (1992)
Shraddhanjali (1993)
Arjun (1993)
Phire Paoa (1993)
Ami O Maa (1994)
Salma Sundari (1994)
Mejo Bou (1995)
Abirbhab (1995)
Boumoni (1995)
Patibrata (1995)
Hingsa (1997)
Chhoto Saheb (2000)
Tantrik (2002)
References
External links
Indian male film actors
1921 births
1993 deaths
Male actors from Kolkata
Male actors in Bengali cinema
University of Calcutta alumni
20th-century Indian male actors
The Office National d'Etudes et de Recherches Aérospatiales (ONERA) is the French national aerospace research centre. It is a public establishment with industrial and commercial operations, and carries out application-oriented research to support enhanced innovation and competitiveness in the aerospace and defense sectors.
ONERA was created in 1946 as "Office National d'Études et de Recherches Aéronautiques". Since 1963, its official name has been "Office National d'Études et de Recherches Aérospatiales". However, in January 2007, ONERA has been dubbed "The French Aerospace Lab" to improve its international visibility.
History
ONERA's historic roots are in the Paris suburb of Meudon, south of Paris. As early as 1877, this site hosted an aeronautical research center for military aerostats (balloons): Etablissement central de l'aérostation militaire.
ONERA was created in May 1946 to relaunch aeronautics research, an activity that had gone into hibernation during the Second World War and the German occupation. Its creation reflected the government's decision to recover the large wind tunnel in Ötztal, Austria, in the French administrative zone, and move it to France. Today, ONERA's extensive array of wind tunnels is one of its main assets. ONERA operates a world-class fleet of wind tunnels, the largest in Europe. The S1MA wind tunnel at Modane-Avrieux, developing 88 MW of total power, is Europe's largest transonic wind tunnel (tests at Mach 0.05 to Mach 1).
Organization
The Chairman and CEO of ONERA is appointed by the French Council of Ministers, acting on a proposal by the Minister of Defense. Since June 2014, the Chairman and CEO is Bruno Sainjon.
ONERA is organized in eight geographic areas. It has about 2,000 employees, with 1,500 engineers and scientists (including 230 doctoral candidates), as well as support staff.
Three centers in the greater Paris area (Ile-de-France):
Palaiseau, current headquarters
Châtillon
Meudon
Two centers in the Midi-Pyrenees region of southwest France:
Toulouse, near the leading aeronautical engineering schools ISAE-Sup'Aéro and ENAC
Fauga-Mauzac, south of Toulouse.
Three other centers:
Lille, northern France (formerly the Lille Fluid Mechanics Institute)
Salon-de-Provence, southern France, on the site of the Ecole de l'air flying school
Modane-Avrieux, in the Savoy region of southeast France.
ONERA is organized in four scientific branches: Fluid Mechanics and Energetics; Materials and Structures; Physics; and Information Processing and Systems. Wind tunnel testing is managed in the GMT (Grands Moyens Techniques) department. Aerospace prospective depends on a specific department.
Missions
Unlike NASA in the United States, ONERA is not an agency for space science and exploration. However, it carries out a wide range of research for space agencies, both CNES in France and the European Space Agency (ESA), as well as for the French defense agency, DGA (Direction générale de l'armement). ONERA also independently conducts its own long-term research to anticipate future technology needs. It focuses on scientific research, for example in aerodynamics for concrete applications on aircraft, the design of launchers and new defense technologies, such as drones or unmanned aerial systems (UAS).
ONERA also uses its research and innovation capabilities to support both French and European industry. ONERA has contributed to a number of landmark aerospace and defense programs in recent decades, including Airbus, Ariane, Rafale, Falcon, Mirage and Concorde.
Commercial partnerships
ONERA's customer-partners include Airbus (Airbus Helicopters), Safran (Snecma, Turbomeca, Sagem), Dassault Aviation, Thales and other major industry players. Innovative small businesses are also encouraged to call on the expertise of ONERA's scientists and engineers, and to take advantage of technology transfer opportunities. The company Tefal was created by two ONERA engineers, the inventors of the “non-stick pan”. These products were produced and sold by Tefal S.A., which was subsequently acquired by SEB
Sites of ONERA facilities
ONERA Meudon – Châtillon – Palaiseau
ONERA Lille
ONERA Salon de Provence
ONERA Fauga–Mauzac (wind tunnels)
ONERA Toulouse
ONERA Modane (wind tunnels)
Notes and references
See also
French space program
CNES
Aerospace Valley
External links
Aviation organizations based in France
Research institutes in France
Space program of France
Aerospace engineering organizations
Computer science institutes in France
Scientific agencies of the government of France
French companies established in 1946
Joshua Kaufman (born November 9, 1976) is an American soul singer and singer-songwriter. A native of the Tampa Bay area in Florida, Kaufman is based out of and resides in Indianapolis, Indiana.  They are best known for winning the sixth season of NBC's The Voice as a member of Usher's team and previously Adam Levine's team.
Early life
Kaufman was born in Sarasota, Florida, the son of Beth Gilbert, minister of music at Slusser's Chapel in Blacksburg, Virginia; and Mark Kaufman, who runs a roofing company. Their stepfather, Rev. Richard Gilbert, is the pastor at a church in Blacksburg, Virginia. While in Blacksburg, they were a member of the Blacksburg High School Madrigals, an elite choir. They grew up and attended school in Lake Wales, Florida until their first year of high school. They and their mother moved to Blacksburg, Virginia where they attended and graduated from Blacksburg High School. Their musical talent appeared early in their life. At sixteen, they appeared on Star Search and in 2011, Kaufman auditioned for the first season of Simon Cowell's The X Factor (U.S.). After living their teen years in Virginia, Kaufman settled in Anderson, Indiana to attend Anderson University and graduated from IUPUI.
Kaufman is a member of the band The New Etiquette (formerly known as Josh Kaufman and the Frequency), an Indianapolis based rock and soul band. The band was formed in 2010 with original band members Josh Kaufman, Ryan Koch, and Nate Gray. The band released a six track self-titled EP in spring 2012 drawing on the musical talents of several local musicians.
From 2011 to 2014 Kaufman was a musical staple at Potbelly Sandwich Shop in Indianapolis, and also worked as an SAT prep tutor.
Career
The Voice (2014)
On the fifth episode of the Blind Auditions broadcast on March 10, 2014, they performed George Michael's song "One More Try." All four judges turned their chairs and Kaufman chose to join team Adam. Kaufman defeated fellow Team Adam member Austin Ellis in the Battles, Round 1. Kaufman lost their second battle round competition against Delvin Choice but was immediately stolen by Team Usher. Kaufman received the first iTunes bonus multiplier of the season, with their studio recording of "Stay With Me" reaching the fifth position on the iTunes Top 200 Singles chart at the close of the voting window.
On May 20, 2014, Kaufman was announced as the winner of Season 6 of The Voice.
– Studio version of performance reached the top 10 on iTunes
Later career
Kaufman participated in the Indy Jazz Fest in September 2014. Kaufman appeared at the Indiana State Fair in August 2014. They were the final actor to play the title role in the 2013 Broadway revival of Pippin, which closed in early 2015.
On June 8, 2017, Josh Kaufman performed the anthem of the United States in the United States vs. Trinidad And Tobago FIFA World Cup CONCACAF Eliminatory match in
Dick's Sporting Goods Park Commerce City, Colorado
Broadway
Kaufman sung on Broadway in the show "Home For the Holidays, Live on Broadway" which was presented November 17 to December 30, 2017, at the August Wilson Theatre. Other vocal performers included Candice Glover, Bianca Ryan, Peter Hollens and Evynne Hollens.
Personal life
Kaufman is married to Jennifer Myer and they have five children as of November 2016. They live in Carmel, Indiana (an Indianapolis suburb) where Kaufman sings with their band The New Etiquette.
Discography
Albums
The New Etiquette (2012)
Do You Want Love
On Me
That Train
Falling Again
Waving Goodbye
Out the Door
Josh Kaufman (2016)
Truth Be Told
All I Ask
Avalanche
Paycheck
The World
Digging Deep
Singles
The New Etiquette (2012)
"Do You Want Love (Radio Only)"
Releases from The Voice
Albums
Singles
References
|-
1976 births
21st-century American singers
American soul singers
Living people
Musicians from Indianapolis
The Voice (franchise) winners
Writers from Indianapolis
People from Sarasota, Florida
Cryptaspasma anaphorana is a moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Lord Walsingham in 1914. It is found in Panama.
References
Moths described in 1914
Microcorsini
A teletsunami (also called an ocean-wide tsunami, distant tsunami, distant-source tsunami, far-field tsunami, or trans-ocean tsunami) is a tsunami that originates from a distant source, defined as more than away or three hours' travel from the area of interest, sometimes travelling across an ocean. All teletsunamis have been generated by major earthquakes such as the 1755 Lisbon earthquake, 1960 Valdivia earthquake, 1964 Alaska earthquake, 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, and 2021 South Sandwich Islands earthquakes.
Overview
Teletsunamis can be generated several different ways, the most common being earthquakes with magnitudes higher than 7.5. Vertical displacement on a thrust fault is more likely to produce a teletsunami than lateral displacement from strike-slip fault. Because of this, subduction zones, which occur when dense oceanic crust burrows underneath less-dense continental crust, are at greater risk of producing teletsunamis. The Pacific coast of North America is an example of a subduction zone: it includes the Cascadia subduction zone, which lies off the coasts of British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, and Northern California. The regions around the Aleutian Islands and Gulf of Alaska are also capable of producing large offshore earthquakes and thus large tsunamis.
Natural precursors that may indicate the approach of a teletsunami include a drawback, when the ocean water recedes well below low tide. While drawbacks may not always occur, their presence are considered a sign of impending danger.
Characteristics
The general characteristics of teletsunamis are similar to those of local tsunamis. The interval between waves can range from 5 to 60 minutes, although it usually falls between 10 and 30 minutes. The speed at which the teletsunami travels is dependent on the depth of the water, decreasing as the water becomes more shallow. On average, tsunamis in the Pacific Ocean travel at about ; however, due to the depth of the ocean, the height may only be a few feet. The low amplitude, along with the broad wavelength, which spans approximately , makes vessels in open water unaware of the passing tsunami. In shallow water, scuba divers caught in the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami were reportedly tossed around underwater, yet boat floating above were unaffected and failed to notice the wave as it passed by.
Teletsunamis generally consist of a series of waves rather than a single wave. The number of waves can vary, but data have shown that there are usually between two and ten. The first wave is typically not the largest one. During the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, the second wave was the largest, and in the 1964 Alaska tsunami, it was the fourth. The retreat of the first wave may falsely imply that the tsunami has "finished", which can lead people to return to the beach out of curiosity, only to be swept away by the next incoming wave.
Coastal water usually recedes before the first tsunami strikes, and many witnesses have reported that the approaching teletsunami waves create a loud roaring sound similar to that of a train or a jet.
Tsunami watches and warnings
Although teletsunamis are usually generated by a large earthquake, many of the areas affected by the tsunami are too far from the earthquake's epicenter to feel it (hence the prefix tele-, or "distant", in "teletsunami"). Teletsunamis are also virtually undetectable to the human eye until they approach the shoreline. Several scientific organisations have been developed to establish tsunami warning system, which are to provide sufficient forewarning of an approaching teletsunami to initiate emergency preparations and evacuations.
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC) in Hawaii provides warnings for Pacific-based teletsunamis to almost every country around the Pacific, including island states.
The National Tsunami Warning Center (NTWC) in Palmer, Alaska watches for teletsunamis approaching the West Coast of the United States and Canada. In order to prevent confusion, the PTWC does not issue watches or warnings for the west coast unless the NTWC fails to do so.
There are several guidelines set by the NTWC for issuing watches and warnings:
A watch is first issued if the arrival time for a potential teletsunami is more than 2 hours from the time of the warning. In this case, there would be enough time to verify the existence or nonexistence of a tsunami by way of NOAA buoys before a warning or cancellation message was issued.
Either a watch or warning is immediately issued if a magnitude 7.5 or greater earthquake occurs anywhere in the Pacific Rim, depending on circumstances.
A warning is issued if the potentially resulting tsunami would arrive onshore within 2 hours of the warning.
For example, if an 8.0 earthquake occurs in the Aleutian Islands, West Coast states such as Washington, Oregon, and California would receive a tsunami watch first; if the tsunami is verified, a warning would follow. If no wave is observed, a cancellation message would follow the watch instead. If an 8.0 earthquake were to occur off of the West Coast of the United States, a warning without verification of a tsunami would be issued, as there would not be enough time to first verify a wave and then conduct an evacuation of vulnerable areas.
Historical documentations
Destructive teletsunamis have been recorded as happening once or twice a century. One of the oldest teletsunamis reported was in November 1755, when a major earthquake known as the 1755 Lisbon earthquake (or the Great Lisbon earthquake) resulted in a teletsunami that ravaged Lisbon, Portugal. The teletsunami crossed the Atlantic and was noticed throughout the eastern Caribbean, from Barbados to Antigua and as far west as Cuba. The amplitude of the tsunami was maintained at about , and waves continued to arrive for many hours. No damage or casualties were reported. European sources also reported that the Azores fracture zone generated a second teletsunami in March 1761 (1761 Portugal earthquake), but no local confirmed observations were made in the Caribbean.
The most recent teletsunami resulting in mass casualties occurred in 2004 off the northern coast of Sumatra, Indonesia. Caused by an undersea megathrust earthquake, it led to nearly 300,000 deaths in several countries along the Indian Ocean.
A few destructive teletsunamis are generated each century by large earthquakes around the Pacific Rim. Such tsunamis can propagate across the entire Pacific in less than 24 hours, and cause widespread destruction along shorelines located thousands of miles from the source. The most recent of these was generated by the 2011 Japan earthquake, which crushed three dozen boats in Santa Cruz, California.
1700: Japan
A tsunami struck Japan occurred on January 26, 1700 and was not associated with an earthquake offshore of the country like most in Japanese historical records. This event has been linked now to a powerful earthquake on the Cascadia subduction zone.
1868: Pacific Ocean
A tsunami triggered by the 1868 Arica earthquake caused significant damage in Hawaii and New Zealand where one fatality occurred, it was also recorded in Japan.
1946: Hawaii
In 1946, following a large earthquake in the Aleutian Islands, a teletsunami that originated in Alaska devastated Hilo, Hawaii. Waves tall were observed in Hilo, and at least 170 people were killed. As there had been no warning issued, concerns led to the establishment of the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center in Ewa Beach, Hawaii. The tsunami was also observed in California, but no casualties were reported and damage was slight – limited mostly to personal vessels in the harbors.
1960: Pacific Ocean
In 1960, a teletsunami generated near the coast of Chile again devastated Hilo, resulting in 61 deaths. The earthquake responsible was the largest earthquake ever recorded, with a magnitude of 9.5 that caused waves tall in Hilo. A warning was issued in Hilo beforehand that correctly predicted the tsunami's arrival time, though it did not provide sufficient time for the majority of residents to evacuate. The tsunami also struck Japan killing 138 and the Philippines killing 32.
1964: West Coast of North America
In 1964, a large tsunami originated as a result of the 9.2 earthquake from the Gulf of Alaska. As a result, California observed waves and some regions sustained heavy damages from flooding, resulting in 11 deaths. Other regions such as Alaska, British Columbia, Washington, Oregon, and Hawaii were also impacted by the teletsunami to varying degrees.
2004: Indian Ocean
The 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami caused approximately 300,000 fatalities, the majority of which were in Indonesia. The teletsunami was generated by the 9.1 earthquake off the northern coast of Sumatra and also heavily impacted Thailand, Malaysia, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, India, and Somalia. It was the first teletsunami to have extensive video evidence.
See also
Cumbre Vieja tsunami hazard
Deep-ocean Assessment and Reporting of Tsunamis (DART)
List of tsunamis
Megathrust earthquake
Megatsunami
Meteotsunami
Submarine earthquake
References
Tsunami
